 We 're not a threat . We 're salvation . The world will have to deal with us . Previously on the 4400 ... this is where i give you the speech about how you 're my best field scientist and tom is my best lead investigator , and how together , you 're going to make a good team . Let me see if i 've got this straight ... you two met , fell in love , and spent eight years together in some kind of alternate reality . Yeah . What time is the flight ? Uh , noon . Say goodbye to mom for me . They arrested a suspect 40 minutes ago . Claim he 's our guy . [ Jarvis ] : Roy keith marsden . Forget about the flight . Bring kyle home . They just arrested a suspect in the collier killing . It 's going to feel a little weird , but when we 're done , you 'll be able to see again . When does it start ? When do i see again ? Just give me one moment , okay ? Kevin 's a genius , you know . You 're saying that burkhoff is the father of the 4400 technology . I can think again , too . You 've got a real fever , young lady . I worked at the c.d.c. For seven years , and i never saw anything like it . I was changing her . She has these marks on her skin . Marks ? Bruises ? No . Like irritations . Like someone had her hooked up to something . What did i just tell you ? [ Jarvis ] : You 're in charge until i 'm released . Pool whatever manpower is still up walking . Start picking up the pieces . I 'll handle it . Don 't worry about it . [ Tom ] : Okay , seriously , my back is about to call it a day . Just come on ... you 're not helping . Where 's this going ? Right there . Please say that was the last box . That 's it . We 're officially living in sin . Oh , really . Well , i prefer to call it " resuming our eight-year marriage . " Call it whatever you want . Just don 't kiss in front of me again , okay ? That 's disgusting . Oh , your father thinks this is so romantic , but what he doesn 't know is the reason i 'm moving in is to take down his tacky golf stuff . [ Tom ] : What ? And replace it with what ? Oh , oh , paint splatters ? Maybe a picture of a triangle kids ! It 's art . Work out these decorating issues amongst yourselves , but i 'm dead serious about this kissing rule , okay ? It 's non-negotiable . Oh , kyle , my allergies are bothering me again . Could you write me another prescription before you go ? Uh , alana ... kyle 's only a doctor in the world you created for me , remember ? I 'm sorry . I had a brain freeze . Right . Trying to decipher my handwriting ? I was just on the verge of giving up , actually . Good . Bad penmanship is the best way for a doctor to keep his mystique . There 's a page missing in there . It goes from page four to page six . Sorry . I 'm breaking in a new nurse . So listen , i think we finally know what 's wrong with your daughter . Maia 's suffering from a type of pneumonia called pneumocystis jiroveci . It 's " p.j.p. " For short . I 've never heard of it . It 's rare , but we can treat it ... well , thank god . But this kind of pneumonia could be a symptom for something more serious . We 've tested her for every virus ... all negative . So where is it coming from ? We don 't know , but we 're running more tests . We 'll figure it out . It 's not that big of a deal . You know , i 've just ... i 've been working real hard lately . I think i got the flu or something . Everybody gets that , right ? Sure . It 's just ... shawn ... you can 't heal . For now . I think you should get it checked out . If i can 't kick it in a day or two , i will , but , uh ... until then , can you reschedule all my foundation appointments ? Tell them that it 's temporary . Make sure they know that . Lily ... don 't tell anyone i can 't heal . Sure . Thank you . Lily ... i mean it . Nobody . Oh , god . Ah ... [ Speaking german ] [ Tom ] : How many are sick ? 300 ... that we know of . Medical says more calls keep coming in . So , what is it ? Well , it 's some kind of immune system disorder , and it 's leaving the 4400 vulnerable to all kinds of diseases . His plane landed at seatac on schedule . Chopper should be here any minute . What 's that ? They told me he likes green tea . Is it contagious ? We don 't know . Were they infected while they were gone ? Maybe they brought this back with them . Well , maybe . We just don 't know . The situation is fluid , but here 's a summary of what we know so far . Uh , sir ? They told me you 'd want this . The numbers just keep getting bigger . So we 're recovering from an attack on this building ... the division commander 's still in the hospital ... what are we supposed to do ? We take to the field . Ryland ? Where did he come from ? We 're going to have every 4400 in this jurisdiction tested for this sickness by day 's end . Dennis , is it good to see you . Tom . Diana . What brings you to seattle , ryland ? I 'm assuming temporary command of this division . My orders are to do something about the spread of this epidemic . I 'm going to figure out a way to do just that . * so long ago , another life * * i can feel your heart beat * * it 's not a dream remember us * * i can see it in your eyes * * we 'll find our place in time * * our place in time beyond the sun * * we 'll find our place in time * * our place in time to call our own * You might want to move that , unless you want people calling you " nina . " How 's jarvis doing ? They set her collarbone . Doctors said she 'll be back in two weeks . My guess ? She makes it in one . Yeah . So how 's d.c. ? Oh , it 's a lot of networking . Lots of dinner parties . Patty loves it . And you ? The pacific northwest is the flashpoint . I kind of feel like i was promoted out of the game . A lot of guys here would trade places with you . I wouldn 't blame them . A woman releases plague into the air ? A terrorist attack on the building ? Some people i work for think you 're in the middle of a war . I 'm sure it looks that way on paper . Don 't get defensive . I 'm still preaching the gospel of highland beach . I still believe the 4400 came back here to change things for the better . Yeah , and the people you work for ? Don 't worry about them . One day , this 'll be over , we 'll go out for a beer , we 'll kick back , we 'll trade war stories . Yeah . [ Ruth ] : She was a little cranky this morning . I think she 's cutting another tooth . They 're coming in fast , huh ? She 's that age . Bye , bye , sweetie . We 'll see you tomorrow . Thank you , ruth . Lily , what are you doing ? I thought we agreed nobody was doing science experiments on our baby . Just making sure . Shawn , we need to rearrange your healing schedule . There 's something going on , some sort of illness spreading among the 4400 . I know all about it . You . Did you do this ? No , no . It wasn 't me . Then what are you doing here ? I read about this place in the paper . I just ... i was curious . Yeah ? Well , go be curious somewhere else , because people still live here , okay ? Do you need some help ? What , are you a mechanic now ? I can change a tire . There 's probably a jack in the trunk , right ? Yeah . I 'm sorry i snapped at you . I just ... i 'm in a hurry , and ... my boyfriend 's little brother is in the principal 's office again , and he 's ... not here ... again . I guess he 's in a lot of trouble , huh ? Yeah . Yeah , you could say that . Well , i mean , it 's none of my business . I can just change the tire and go . Please . Hi there . Welcome to the center . Are you here to take the tour ? This is wrong . It 's all wrong . Excuse me ? This is the collier museum . Where are all the paintings ? Thomas . Hey , sweetie . What 's going on ? I have a board of directors meeting , and they won 't let me go upstairs . Yeah , yeah . They called me . They said you were a little mixed up . Alana ... this isn 't the collier museum . It 's ... it 's the 4400 center . What are you talking about ? I come here all the time . Look at me . Look ... alana ... the place you 're thinking of , it 's somewhere else . No . No ! Why are you confusing me ? Just calm down ! No ! It 's okay . It 's all right . [ Ryland ] : The infection rate is 18 % . One in five of them are already sick ? One in five today . Tomorrow ... the national institute of health is worried that this illness , whatever it is , can mutate and cross over into the general population . Would it even have to mutate ? There 's no guarantee that this is going to stay exclusive to 4400s and meanwhile , we 've got two dozen sick ones right downstairs . They 're not going to be there long . Why ? What are we doing with them ? D.c. Wants to put all the 4400 back in quarantine and keep them there for the rest of the crisis . I know it 's a big move , people , but it 's the best one we 've got at the moment . Can we do that ? According to emergency quarantine order 74 , we can . But wait , you 're just talking about the sick ones here , right ? No . All of them . Every 4400 in the country is subject to this order . Okay , but that 's only half of them . This thing 's worldwide , right ? England and france are passing similar legislation . We expect other countries to follow . But why are you forcing them all to come in ? Because the disease seems to be showing up at random . Until we understand how it 's transmitted , we have to assume that every 4400 is a potential vector . How much time are we giving them ? We 'll make the announcement in the morning . They 'll have 12 hours to get to a local ntac branch , then they 'll be transferred to camp dekker and the quarantine facility . What if they don 't report ? Then it 'll be our job to bring them in . You 're not hearing me ... it 's temporary . Can you be sure ? You already told me people in washington think we 're fighting a war . Washington is full of opinions . The town runs on them . The 4400 aren 't just names in some report ... and they 're definitely not enemy combatants . You 're talking about my daughter , tom 's nephew ... the woman i love . I was going to tell you over that beer . [ Diana ] : Now , what assurances can you give us that these people aren 't just being thrown down some hole permanently ? You have my assurance , and that should be enough . I was the one who pushed to let them out in the first place , you remember ? We 're not trying to second-guess you , dennis , but people we love are sick . I get it , but getting them all together in one place is going to make it a lot easier to find out what the hell this is . When it 's over , everybody goes home . We know you 'll fight the good fight , dennis . I just hope you can win . Mommy ? You 're awake . How are you , baby ? I 'm tired of being sick . When can i go home ? Why don 't you tell me ? I was kind of hoping you 'd had a vision , about how all this will be over soon . They 're not coming anymore . I 'm not seeing things . My favorite patient is awake . More awake than you look . Mm . Open wide . I do my best work when i eliminate sleep altogether . Well , if you need someone to splash cold water on your face , you just let me know . Thanks . Do you mind ? I noticed that missing page made its way back in . Oh . Yeah . I told you it 'd be back . What are those two lines blacked out for ? Well , looks like we duplicated a test . They cross it out so we don 't read the same results twice . Okay , let 's see how that rash is doing . [ Lily ] : I 'm fine , brian . Tell heidi not to worry . Richard 's fine . Isabelle 's fine . Well , the news is making it sound like everybody 's sick . People are terrified , and if normal people start getting sick ... " normal people " ? Okay , that came out wrong , but you know what i mean . And listen , lily , heidi 's not the only one that 's worried about you . I am , too . A year and a half ago , you welcomed me home with a restraining order . I know . I panicked when you got back . Don 't think i haven 't lost sleep over what i did . I just want you to know now that i 'm there for you . You , richard , isabelle . You need anything ... just call . " Quarantine . " That 's an evocative word these days . Conjures up images of secret prisons and ... what 's the euphemism you 're using now ? " Coercion tactics " ? [ Tom ] : Let me ask you something ... you have some doctors on staff here , right ? Yes . They having any luck getting to the bottom of this thing ? Not yet . Then get off your soapbox . You want an image to hold on to ? Try this one ... 4400s dying in droves . I think what my partner means to say is that our two organizations need each other . We should cooperate . And how exactly do we do that ? We want you to issue a public statement . If the center counsels the 4400s to go along with this order , things will go much more smoothly . And if we don 't ? Why are we talking to you , anyway ? Where 's shawn ? Is he all right ? Mr. Farrell is handling urgent business . This situation requires his full attention . Look , i 'll have to run it by him , but i don 't see a problem advising any ill 4400s to seek medical care from ntac . Well , that 's a start . What about the ones who aren 't showing symptoms ? That issue 's going to require a little more thought . Great . You have 12 hours . [ Teenage boy ] : What 's the point of painting it over , anyway ? They 're just gonna do it again . We don 't know that . Look , sam , kyle has been nice enough to come over here and help us out , so the least that you can do is pitch in . Oh , yes , very good ... picasso . I 'm going to make sandwiches . Okay , seriously , what 's your story ? Why are you helping us , kyle whoever-you-are ? My last name 's bingham ... and i don 't know . I was just walking by here yesterday . Alison looked like she could use a hand ... yeah , well , if you were thinking about hooking up with her , forget it . Alison 's gonna marry my brother as soon as he gets out of jail . I know . I know . She told me . You should listen to her . Roy didn 't kill this collier guy . I believe you . Yeah ? Well , you 're the only one . You and me . When he does get out , i don 't think you want him coming home and seeing " murderer " written all over his door , do you ? Richard ... you ready for a promotion ? Me ? A promotion to what ? I 'm trying here , man . I want to lead us all through this , but i can 't do that right now . Thank you . I know i 'm a 4400 , but after that , my qualifications are a little thin . They didn 't even give me an ability . To be honest with you , i 'm not sure how long lily and i were planning on staying here . So it 's not a perfect fit , but you 're articulate , and a war hero , and you have the gravitas of a leader . I think it 's a good idea . I haven 't given an order since 1951 . I was in high school a year and a half ago . I managed . So will you . But it 's only temporary , right ? As soon as you get better , i can go right back to being camera-shy . Yeah . Temporary . What are you going to do ? What i have to . Has everyone frightened , and that 's understandable . But no one 's more frightened than we are . And that 's because , in spite of all the rumors that you hear flying around , only 4400s are getting sick , and now the government wants us to head into quarantine . They say cooperation is essential . Well , here 's the best we can do ... if you 're sick , the responsible thing is to report to ntac . Our best wishes and prayers go with you . But if you 're well , if you 're showing no symptoms , we ask you to consider this ... walking into quarantine is an easy step , but walking out ... that might be considerably more difficult . Thank you . Don 't they get it ? We 're trying to help these people . All they hear is " quarantine , " dennis . You can 't blame them for being scared . Maybe if we give them another day , half a day , even . Does it look to you like they haven 't made up their minds ? We tried being reasonable . In 10 hours , we start rounding them up . Hi . Hey . I know who you are . You 're the one who fixes people . Yeah . Shawn . How come you 're in here ? Why don 't you just make yourself better ? I wish i could . They 're broken . Kind of like the rest of me . I used to see things . Stuff that was gonna happen . That 's gone now too . It 's funny , huh ? When i found out i was different , all i wanted to do was be normal again . Me too . But you get used to it . Now that it 's gone , i feel like i 'm missing an arm . It 'll come back . Once we get better . Any idea when that 's gonna be ? Not exactly , but my mom told me everything 's gonna be fine , and i believe what she says . That must be a nice feeling . Don 't you have someone to believe in ? I used to ... but now i guess i 'm just going to have to believe in you . You 're the one i attacked at the hospital . We didn 't think you 'd remember us . I remember . I was ... very sick back then . I 'm better now . Diana , you wanted to see me ? Kevin burkhoff . I 've been doing neurological research on the 4400 . Oh , i 've heard of you . Everybody here has . Here . There 's some very interesting data on the blood work i 've been doing . Have a look . See if it helps you figure out what 's going on with this disease . Well , thank you . I 'll comb through this . Good , and i can expect to see your work ... when ? I showed you mine . You show me yours . That is the way it works , isn 't it ? Usually , but the research we do here is classified . [ Diana ] : Max ... max , if ever there was a time to bend the rules a little , i think it might be now . Well , it 's not a wink-and-a-nudge situation . I give over classified documents , i go to jail . Yeah , and if you don 't , people might die . Are you implying we 're not doing everything we can ? We 've got dozens of doctors working around the clock to try to solve this thing . Now , i will look over everything that you 've given me . If i find anything that can help you , i 'll give you a call . That 's the best i can do . I am so sorry ... i 'm not interested in apologies . I want to see that information . Or is ntac not interested in curing these people ? I know you guys are kind of cavalier about putting your own careers on the line , but do me a favor ... stop asking me to join in the fun , okay ? I like what i do here . They 're medical records , marco . Not national secrets . Wrong . They 're medical records and national secrets . That is why they keep them in a database you need six passwords to get into , and that 's why sport-o wouldn 't give them to you . Let 's just leave max out of this . He 's under a lot of pressure . And he wants to keep his job . I don 't blame him . You know , i just opened a 401 ( k ) . Yeah , pretty sure the government stops matching donations once you commit treason . The government just turned down an offer of help from kevin burkhoff . Remember him ? Yeah , the future built a giant tower to wake him up . I guess they think he matters . If anyone in washington read my report , they know he matters , too . You know , it 's weird . Hundreds of people are sick . You 'd think they 'd want any help they could get . Well , they 're going to get his help . Yeah , whether they want it or not . Gotcha . Yeah . Is isabelle ready to go for her walk ? Okay , let 's go have some fun . How long has she been in there ? I don 't know . Five minutes . I came and got you as soon as i saw . What are they doing to her in there ? Step back . [ Matthew ] : Would you excuse us , please ? How long has this been going on ? Richard , your daughter has never been in any kind of danger . He asked you a question . Jordan was going to initiate these tests as soon as he convinced you to come back into the fold ... what tests ? What have you been doing to her ? All we 're doing is what you should have done a long time ago ... trying to figure out who , or what , isabelle is . She 's our daughter . That 's all you or anyone else your daughter is the rosetta stone for understanding what happened to the 4400 , yet you both cling to the illusion that she 's going to go to preschool , first communion , the prom ... she 's not communal property . We 're her parents . We decide . Parents ? You are the stewards of the future , and forgive me for saying so , but you 're doing a piss-poor job of it . We have given up everything we have for that child , any chance we had of living a normal life , to protect her from people like you . Look , richard , this is no time for this conversation . In two hours , the government is coming through the front door . Yeah , well , you won 't use my daughter as some kind of weapon against them . That was never my intention . You 'll never have the chance . We 're leaving right now . That 's your choice , but if you do , if we splinter now , they will round up the 4400 one by one , Hey . Hey , thomas . Hey . They said you 've been asking for me . Shouldn 't you be in bed ? They 'll take me back soon enough . I wanted to see you . How do you feel , baby ? They can 't get the fever down , but ... the worst part is my head . Everything 's so mixed up . This illness , it affects people 's abilities . Maia can 't see things , and ... and shawn , shawn can 't heal , and for you , honey , i think the boundaries between this world and the one you created are breaking down . It 's so confusing . I don 't know what 's real anymore . I know it 's scary . You just have to hang on . They 'll get this fixed . What if they 're too late ? What if they can make my body right , but not my mind ? I don 't want to live like that , thomas . You 're not going to have to . You 're going to get better . You have to believe that , alana . Thomas ... yeah ? I love you so much . I wanted us to get married for real , in this world . That 's all i wanted to tell you , before ... before my mind goes ... because ... i don 't know if it will be good again . So you 're sure i can 't get you a beer or something ? No , no , that 's okay . I don 't drink . Okay . You know , this isn 't really necessary . I just did a couple of chores . Maybe it 's not a big deal to you , but i just haven 't seen a friendly face in a while , not since ... roy went away . no offense , but , um ... the papers make him sound like the second coming of lee harvey oswald . Yeah . Well , i wouldn 't exactly call it " fair and balanced coverage . " But he did have some monstrous gun collection , right ? Look , i 'm not saying that he was a candidate for higher office , and ... he sure as hell wasn 't the world 's greatest boyfriend . But taking out two ntac agents and shooting jordan collier ? Come on . Yeah . Yeah . Eat up . Sam ! Sam , come on ! We 're starting . I 'll be right there . Hey . Okay . Are you marco ? Thanks . Don 't thank me . Hire me . I 'm gonna need a job . Where have you been ? Talking to matthew . Lily ... he 's got an idea on how to handle this roundup . I think it might work . I 'm sure he 's full of clever ideas . We will deal with what matthew did , but not now . The government is about to declare martial law we don 't have time to squabble . All i want to hear is that you 're done with this place for good . It 's not that simple . We can 't just go off and hide in the woods somewhere . It 's not going to work this time . The center betrayed us . They betrayed our daughter . And they learned about her , more than we did in almost a year . Lily , stop . Did you know isabelle has connections between the right and left hemispheres of her brain that have never been seen before ? Even if that 's true , richard ... it 's not that they studied her . It 's how they did it . Do you trust the government ? Because if we go into quarantine , isabelle will end up right here , or with them , and if they find out what she can do ... we 'll lose her forever . [ Ryland ] : That 's it . That 's the deadline . Where do we start ? I want everybody to holster their pistols . My goal is to do this quietly , peacefully , and without incident . What if they want an incident ? Then we 'll give them one . Is everybody ready ? Affirmative , sir . We 're in position . Let 's go . Moving in now . Copy that . They 're on the move . They 're spreading out and letting us through . Welcome to the center . Did you come for the tour ? You know damn well why we 're here . Out hunting , i 'd guess . Well , i 'm afraid you 've come to the wrong place . You are welcome to look around , ? ? I have no idea where they went . You had 1204400s taking shelter at your center . That sounds about right . I don 't have an exact figure . You just came downstairs , and they were gone ? Until 7 : 00 this evening , they were free citizens . I had no reason to track their movements , and since i 've broken no laws , unless you want to talk about lifting this quarantine order , we have nothing left to discuss . We 'll talk again . I suspect your job is going to get rather ugly from here on out , kicking in doors and such . If i worked at ntac , i might spend a little less time trying to find missing 4400s , and a little more trying to cure the ones i had . So tell me , have we got a list yeah . All the sick ones we know of are in . As for the rest , we had about 75 % compliance . Nationwide , there 's about 5204400s unaccounted for . Well , that 's not a few holdouts . That 's an insurgency . So this is it , huh ? Us against them . You know , it feels kind of like the war jordan collier always predicted . Predicted or provoked ? We declared martial law on them . We had no option . I 'm going to pursue a policy of non-aggression as long as i can , but if it comes down to a choice between the safety of the american people and the welfare of the 4400 , tom ... that 's no choice at all . [ Richard ] : Collier left behind 37 safe houses throughout the country . We liquidated the center 's emergency slush fund should last for awhile . Any 4400 who contacts the center for help will be given an email address . If we 're satisfied they 're legitimate , they 'll be told where to go . Our goal is to get every 4400 who wants shelter to safety . And then what ? Matthew will try to continue to end this peacefully , but if we have to protect our own ... we 'll be ready . Excuse me . Excuse me . Sorry . Lily ... you make a good speech , but this isn 't korea , and those aren 't soldiers , and your daughter could get caught in the crossfire . You don 't think i 'm worried about her ? And you too ? Lily , i 'm not looking for a fight , but right now , we don 't have another option . Hey . Sam said he liked comics ... you son of a bitch ! You lied to me . What ? Wait a minute . It wasn 't like that . Oh , really , " kyle bingham " ? Your last name is baldwin , and your dad works for ntac . So , what are you ? His little spy ? Huh ? Did you think you were going to sleep with me ? I was going to tell you all about roy ? You go and you tell your daddy that he didn 't kill anybody . I know that . I was just trying to help you . Why ? You come off like you 're this really great guy , and all you were trying to do was use me . You 're a lying prick . Okay . Okay . This thing that 's killing them , it 's not a disease . It 's a side-effect . Dr. Burkhoff , just calm down . What are you talking about ? A side-effect of what ? I don 't know exactly , but i do know this ... there 's a synthetic substance present in the blood of every 4400 , all the ones i tested , every medical report you gave me , sick ones , well ones , doesn 't matter . They all have it . They even gave it a name . They call it " promicin inhibitor . " Promicin ? What 's promicin ? I have no idea , and i don 't know why anyone would want to inhibit it , either . But whatever it is , it 's gathering in their lymph nodes , compromising their immune systems ... it 's what 's making them sick . But ntac 's been studying the 4400 ever since they got back . They should have known about this . They do know . It 's all in here . They know . So why haven 't they told anyone ? That 's a very good question . When you find out , why don 't you tell me ? [ Car idling ] Are you sure you want to do this ? Just get me and isabelle someplace safe . " P.i. Dosage " ... it 's on memos , in every 4400 medical report . It 's on the fifth page of every report . That 's what hudson had crossed out when i went to see maia . " P.i. " " Promicin inhibitor . " Alana was getting it too , and shawn . Everyone was getting it . Every time they came to ntac medical . Every checkup . We did it to them , tom . We made them sick .
