 we are not a threat . we are salvation . the world will have to deal with us . previously on the 4400 remember me ? Nikki ? You 're the only good thing that 's happened to me since I 've been back . Dan- - oh ! Danny ! Danny ! Stop blaming me for nikki ! Shawn , stop it . You 're killing him ! So this whole " see the future " thing . it doesn 't just apply to earth-shattering events. huh ? Not always . That one . Baby girl , you are my new lucky charm . Do you know what I bet ? Try my mother 's diamond engagement ring . and now it 's gone . You said winning didn 't matter . You said you liked me . This was all just a test ... and you failed . This doesn 't sound like me , lucy . So change it . You 're the boss . Matthew ross . Yes . Jordan made it clear that in the event of his death . I was to step up front and center to help you out . The ground just shifted under your feet . You either find your balance , or you fall on your ass . The fact is that everyone alive today owes jordan collier . He had a vision to save the future . You were waiting in the hallway outside my apartment last night . I don 't know how I got there . Please. believe me . I had another blackout last night . Kyle ? Kyle ! Yeah , I 'm in here . Hold on a sec . It 's 10 after 8 : 00 . You taking the day off ? I guess my alarm didn 't go off . You 'd better get moving . Your first class is at 9 : 00 on tuesdays , right ? - Hey . - Hey . Want me to get you some smelling salts ? Come on , buddy. it 's time to roll . Let 's go . Alana called last night . I forgot to tell you . She 's in barcelona , kyle . There 's only like a 20-minute window when we 're both awake . Any message ? Yeah , She ... she.uh. she bought a couple of paintings for her gallery . and she misses you . Next time she calls and I 'm not here- - yeah . yeah . I 'll try to remember . I 've got to get ready , Okay ? Right , Well , I can 't wait . You 're going to have to grab the bus . and don 't leave your towel on the bathroom floor again. okay ? Ben ? Tyler ? My god . You haven 't changed . 50-year vacation will do that for you . You look ... I look old.Especially next to you . I had you beat by eight months . Last time I saw you was ... in a tent , Outside of sinanju , Korea . May 11th . 1951 . You remember the date . Sometimes I have trouble remembering my grandkid 's birthday . but that 's a day that I 'll never forget it . I mean , lee hit you . and you , uh ... I don 't know , you disappeared . So. what are you doing here , ben ? You remember milton weinberg , your old wingman ? Milt was the first guy who invited me over to sit at his table in the officers ' mess . He passed on . Parkinson 's disease . I 'm sorry.I knew you guys were close . And I 'm sure he would want you at the funeral . Is.uh ... lee going to be there ? We treated you as an equal . but that wasn 't good enough for you . You had to cross the line . None of us has spoken to lee in years . I 'll be there ... out of respect for milt . Is he okay ? Better than okay . Heart rate , respiration , reflexes ... all above average . Say hello to your healthy child . Edwin.I ... I can 't even find the words . We don 't know how to thank you . And he 's going to know all about you . the nurse who changed his life . Enjoy your son , mr . And mrs . Ward . Keep him safe . Edwin.do you have a second ? I 'm sorry. doctor . I 'm due in the nursery . It can wait . I want to know what you did to the ward baby . We did amnio in the first trimester . That baby was diagnosed with prader-willi syndrome . Perhaps there was some mistake in the tests . You saw those results , edwin . The 15th chromosome was damaged . That indicates severe mental retardation at birth . but their kid just scored nine on the apgar test . A miracle is traditionally cause for celebration , not an inquisition . This is the fourth time this has happened in the last six months . In every one of those cases . edwin. you are the attending nurse . And you 're one of the 4400 . I 'm not sure I see the connection . Everyone 's read about that kid who 's running the 4400 center now . They say he 's cured diseases like A.L.S .. Diseases no hospital in the world can put a dent in . He 's a healer . So are you . For me , it only works in utero . I can feel the damage to their chromosomes . I 'm not sure exactly how it works.but , somehow , I 'm able to repair them . That 's incredible . Dr.Hodler , if it 's all the same to you . I 'd prefer to work anonymously . There are already rumors in this hospital of miracle births , edwin . and people talk . I don 't think you 're going to have that option . So long ago . another life I can feel your heart beat it 's not a dream remember us I can see it in your eyes we 'll find our place in time our place in time beyond the sun we 'll find our place in time our place in time to call our own Wait a minute . xxxx Maybe we missed something . There were a thousand people at the party where collier got assassinated . Wouldn 't you think that they could at least send us a new set of completely useless files Any hot leads in there ? I didn 't think so . I 'm pulling you off the collier case , just for the moment . Something important , I hope . One of the files in the morning research report caught my eye . There 's an internet chat room for pregnant women . Yesterday , someone started a thread about some unexplained reversals of birth defects at mercy hospital . So you 're yanking us off collier to check out internet chatter ? There 's a 4400 who works at the hospital . Bingo . Edwin mayuya . He was born in rwanda . So this guy 's some kind of healer ? According to the internet . Don 't worry , you 're still the alpha dog . It 's not like I mind . It 's great if he is , of course . We should invite him to the center . At the very least , I think mr.Mayuya merits a sitdown . All right , set it up . I 'll be there . Why don 't you let me handle the meet and greet ? I 'll figure out if there 's anything to these stories . In the meantime , there 's a move I 'd like you to consider making . Call it the next phase in your development as a leader . Matthew , I told you , I will read the art of war , okay ? I want you to call your mom . I know jordan counseled you to distance yourself from your family . Before jordan was telling me anything , my family had already distanced themselves from me . Family dynamics are complex . I don 't think that a phone call is going to lead straight into some kind of group hug . Even if it leads to just dinner , you 're heading in the right direction . But , matthew what is it to you ? Right now , every news desk in the country is taking a long , hard look at you . They 're looking for a weakness . And because I 'm not speaking to my family , that implies what ? Everybody here is supposed to do likewise ? The press will spin it that way . That 's how they smear us with the " cult " label . You want me to stir up all of this old business as a publicity ploy ? You can take care of it now , or wait and see it splashed all over the newspapers . Here 's your mom 's phone number . In case you forgot . comes in and says , " how do you think I rang the bell ? " We were just saying , what a nice ceremony this was , Old milt he left a great family behind . He had a lot of love to spread around . We thought you got killed , or captured , maybe . There was some talk you went awol . None of us put any stock in that . Disappearing in a beam of light- - nobody thought of that , huh ? Hey , uh , you in town tonight ? Oh , good.We 're going to have our own private wake for milt down at chauncey 'S . You know he loved his bud , so we 're going to hoist a few in his memory . You should come . We 'll kick around old times . " Old times " was hardly more than a year ago for me . You can fill in the gaps , then . There 's a lot of stuff we don 't remember anymore . Chance to swap tall tales with you old duffers ? Wouldn 't miss it . Ntac has examined me several times already this year . I don 't think I 'm due for another for ? three months , I believe . You 've never missed an appointment . We appreciate that . You just admitted to us that you 've developed this ability . It 's a kind of earth-shaking one , I have to say . Forgive me , but I don 't see how submitting to another round of tests helps anyone . These mutations you can induce- - I believe they are not mutations , sir . I believe they are repairs . Either way , our doctors need to take a look at you . If they can figure out the way your ability works , it could help a lot of people . All right , then . I will let your doctors poke and prod me to their hearts ' content . But I ask one thing- - that you allow me my privacy . I do not want to become a public figure . Well , that works for us . I mean , whenever a new ability leaks to the press- - good , bad , or whatever- - it stirs a lot of people up . Precisely what I hope to avoid . I 've seen firsthand the type of behavior that irrational fears can provoke . You left rwanda in april of 1994 . That was the beginning of the tutsis ' genocide . The beginning ? Believe me , I saw my fill of horrors during those two weeks . If I hadn 't been granted asylum here in america , I 'd be dead . You were probably just getting used to the place when you got abducted , I 'm sure . There were nights in kigali when I would have welcomed the chance to disappear from the face of this earth . So , uh , just let me get this straight- - you used maia 's predictions so that you could gamble ? I didn 't use her to gamble . I used her to win . You mean that you used her to cheat . You exploited a nine-year-old girl who loves you . She was having a good time . We both were . But only one of you is an adult . I can 't believe that you 're standing there defending it . Well , this part of it , I can kind of mount a credible defense . What , so you haven 't got to the part that you 're ashamed of yet ? These bets ? they were sure things ? but I needed money to make them . You know mom 's engagement ring ? You mean the one that she left to me ? The one I should have worn to my wedding . I pawned it . I just can 't believe that I let maia anywhere near you . I want you out of here . Lucy . If I watch the news tonight , am I going to be a happy man ? The stations I called all seemed very interested . A 4400 who cures birth defects ? I 'd cover it . I suppose the tip was anonymous ? Believe me , I didn 't want to leave my name . The center outing a 4400 to the media ? Seems wrong somehow . Well , it 's not business as usual , I grant you , but we leak it , we control the story , and it beats letting him rot in the basement at ntac . Did shawn go upstairs for the night ? He went out . Personal business , he said . Good night , lucy . Who is it ? Hello ? Mom , are you going to , uh , are you going to open the door , or should i use my key ? Shawn ! I would 've- - I would 've called ahead , but I ? ? surprise . Will the 4400 prove to be the cure for all human disease ? That 's the question on everyone 's lips , as it appears a member of the 4400 has manifested the ability to reverse certain genetic birth defects in utero . Anonymous sources claim that edwin mayuya , a 38-year-old nurse at mercy hospital ? murderer ! ... Is responsible for a series of miraculous healings ? murderer ! over the past five months . Murderer ! Murderer ! but if these claims prove true- - that 's the man , the one who killed your parents ! There 's more . I 'm bouncing around in the shotgun seat . and tyler here has got the gas pedal all the way through the floor ? hey. we had 200 bucks on that race ? and davis is 30 feet behind me . and I can barely hear him screaming- - not that way . That 's where the landmines are . If I knew he was serious . maybe I would have paid attention . Yeah.Yeah. Well.no one was going to follow us that way . so we came in two minutes before the pack . and we split the money . We bought like five kegs of budweiser for the officers ' club . Get a load of this . Looks just like it did back in the day . Like you.tyler. Hard to believe- - 50 years go by . we got the same guys . same beer . It 's great to see you guys . It 's a shame it took milt dying to make it happen . It 's hard to find excuses to get the whole gang together . It 's not exactly the whole gang , is it ? There 's always lee . Which one of you guys is going to tell me where he is ? Come on does it matter ? Matters to me . Well.last I heard.he was in a V.A.Hospital outside of bakersfield . In bad shape for a long time . Look.everyone here feels terrible about what we did to you . Huh ? Isn 't that enough ? You 're not going to get anything out of talking to lee . I mean . do yourself a favor- - just let it go . I don 't give a damn . I don 't care if he ? What 's up ? You know your miracle healer ? Turns out his real name is edwin musinga . All his papers have been forged . He 's been wanted by the rwandan government since 1995 . Wanted for what ? Atrocities . He was a doctor during the uprising . He 's killed a whole bunch of people . I was a pediatrician at a clinic in kigali . I am a hutu . but most of my patients were tutsi . Many of my friends as well . That called my loyalty into question when the killings began . Some men from the military came to my clinic . and they said they wanted to broadcast it as a safehouse . a place tutsi could come to be safe from the slaughter . And they came ? By 3 : 00.the clinic was full . Every room. every corridor . all filled with frightened tutsi looking to me as their protector . The same soldiers came back ? with militia at their side . It was a setup . Did you at least try to stop them ? The radio reports were claiming the tutsis had killed our president . The anger spread like virus . I got infected. too . So basically. you stood by and did nothing ? All over the city.it was organized murder . We never would have made it to safety . You could have tried . Easy tom . Let the man finish his story . Yes.I could have tried . That 's true.I know that now . They made me watch . They killed them all . I allowed them to turn my clinic into a slaughterhouse . But you didn 't murder anyone personally . True . but not much of a distinction . I knew what was going to happen . I let it take place . I 'm guilty . My wife left me . I have not seen her or my children since . Perhaps they will come to my execution . Your government 's pushing for extradition . You should be on a plane right now . But your ability ? complicates things . It would give me the chance to make amends . But I could save an infant every day for the rest of my life . and I 'd still deserve every one of my nightmares . What was going on in there tom ? Because if you were looking to shut him down before he got his story out . all that glaring was a great way to go about it . That guy should be on his way to a tribunal . Instead.we 're serving him lunch downstairs . Oh.what. would you prefer it if we starved him ? I don 't believe you 're defending him ! I would never defend what he did . but I would make an argument for what he can do now . There 's a reason the future sent him back with this amazing ability . But forgive me if I sound like ? I don 't know.you ? No.No.not this time . No.we 're not talking about a criminal . We 're not even talking about a murderer . We 're talking about genocide , Dian Maybe the future doesn 't have a problem with that.but I do . So if I don 't believe that the world is better off with a bullet in this guy 's head . I 'm advocating genocide ? No . There are people in rwanda right now who have lost mothers . brothers. and children in that clinic . and he stood by . and he let it happen . That 's just like our government . just like governments all over the world . They all knew what was happening. tom . but nobody lifted a finger to stop it . Yeah. and that was wrong. too . and so is this . We 've been working on blind faith for a year and a half . assuming these people knew what they were doing . but enough is enough . Yeah.we 're saving the future . but we 're leaving justice behind . Is it something that you want to be a part of. diana ? so shawn just shows out of nowhere , and all of a sudden I 'm supposed to drop all of my plans and head to some peace dinner , We both know why he 's turned up now , right ? You don 't have to be a shrink to piece it together , His mentor daddy figure gets killed , and he comes crawling back to mommy , Danny , why don 't you quit whining about shawn ? He 's your brother , It 's been a year , Let it go , Hey , you 're the guy who talked to him and told me how brainwashed he is , So if he 's coming for dinner , that 's a good thing , right ? At least pretend it is , for your mom 's sake , What 's with the attitude , man ? I just don 't want to hear you bitch anymore , okay ? I don 't understand , Why do you have to go ? Can 't you just say you 're sorry ? It doesn 't always work that way with grown-ups , Sometimes things gets so messed up that " sorry " doesn 't cut it , Happens a lot when I 'm involved , actually , But if you only just leave , nothing gets better , Sweetie ... I 'm sorry , I used you , It was wrong , But I forgive you , I still have to go , Well , I know I cooked all day but is my lasagna really that great ? You 're both just stunned into silence ? I haven 't had this stuff in , like a year , Good , You said something , Danny , why don 't you give it a try ? All right , you know what ? That 's it , Danny , this entire night is about you and me , That 's why mom did this , you know ? What do you want me to do , say we 're all fine and dandy ? It 's not that easy , I don 't expect it to be , but you and I obviously have some stuff we need to get into the open Okay , so you 're going to apologize to me now , is that it ? Or was I just imagining it when you screwed my girlfriend ? The thing with nikki , I wish it wouldn 't have happened that way , What about almost stopping my heart , or whatever it is that you did ? You feel bad about that , too ? You know what ? You want to hate me forever ? You be my guest , But you 're my brother , and I came here to make things right by you , What do you want me to do ? You need to punch me in the face or something ? I mean be my guest Danny , don 't you dare , Just one shot , ma , He deserves it , Look , he 's even asking for it , Are we okay ? Are we done ? We 're letting him walk ? He 's responsible for hundreds of deaths , His degree of culpability is not for us to determine , Okay , look , I can 't ship him off to rwanda , Not yet , anyway , In the meantime , his 48-hour hold is up , and the 4400 center has hired lawyers who are pressing for his release , The press are all over this story , Will he even be safe on the streets ? Yeah , a war criminal 's safety , that 's my big concern , Oh , it had better be , In exchange for protection , edwin musinga has agreed to continue coming into our labs , We 're babysitting him ? In exchange for a chance to study what he can do , This guy could advance genetic research by a hundred years , It sounds like a fair trade to me , Mm-hmm , How long have you been feeling faint ? On and off , perhaps a month , You should have told your doctors , You forget , miss skouris , I am a doctor , I have been anemic since I was 15 , I 'm certain- - you okay ? Yeah , Stay with him , I 'm going out , Stay down , Stay down , stay down , Take these people out of here , I want a patrol car passing by every 20 minutes , Help ! Someone call an ambulance ! I think she 's having a heart attack , He did this to her , Why are you protecting him ? He 's a murderer ! How did this become public ? Well , I assure you , it wasn 't ntac , Perhaps if I had gone out and spoken to them , this could have been avoided , Oh , yeah , that would have calmed them down , They could have torn you apart , I think I have already demonstrated the lengths I 'm willing to go in order to live , You can add another victim to your list , That woman is dead , Okay , tom , why don 't you just go back outside ? Take a walk around the block , You know why she was out there ? Huh ? Because this son of a bitch let her son , her daughter-in-law , and about eight of her nephews and nieces die , Huh ? Isn 't that right , doctor ? Tom , stop ! Isn 't that right ? stop ! I regret her death , same as I regret them all , Yeah , well , I 'm sorry you feel bad , but it doesn 't change anything , does it ? Tom , enough , Let him go , Now ! Let him go , Look , benjamin , I don 't see what the problem is , Edwin musinga never killed anybody , Not personally , anyway , I already told you which senators to call , Get face time if you can , Do I have to fly out there and do this myself ? I thought not , Blackberry me when things start to tip , Full-court press is on ? I kind of wish I was out there , Cash in a few favors , watch the hill fall in line ... do we really want to be cashing in favors for this guy ? He says himself he 's dirty , Oh , he 's worse than dirty , He 's practically a mass murderer , So why are we wasting our time with him ? Somebody might come along who actually deserves our help , matthew , He 's a 4400 , Guilty or not , he 's a part of what we 're doing , They gave him that ability for a reason , and I doubt it has anything to do with being executed in rwanda , So let 's say he didn 't come back with an ability , Would we still be fighting the good fight on his behalf ? You 're the boss , You tell me , Breakfast is ready , You know you 're going to start talking to me eventually , right ? I seriously doubt that you can hold out till you 're 18 , She used you , maia , She said she was sorry , Well , there--there still has to be consequences , your ability is a gift , but it makes you a target , too , and I have to protect you from people who want to exploit you , Besides , you 're not the only one your aunt april hurt this week , But I showed her the ring , She wouldn 't even have known about it if it weren 't for me , Well , you should never have been playing with it , which is why you don 't get any tv this week , What your aunt did was completely different , and she knows it , She made a bad mistake , Isn 't that what having a family 's about ? Forgiving someone when they make a bad mistake ? It doesn 't matter if I forgive her , I ... I just can 't have her around you , But we don 't have such a big family , We can 't just kick someone out- - even if they mess up , Oh , maia , you 've got to- - do me a favor , Stop being more grown-up than your mom , Now , just come on , Come on , Your cereal 's getting mushy , let 's go , I am not kidding you , It was , like , the most intense wrist-burn I think I 've ever given , He took it like a man , I 'll give him that , After that , we ate , we talked a little bit , I was surprised- - it was pretty much okay , Good to hear , I was glad I went , Well , you know what that makes you ? Right , Yeah , I 'm a genius , I don 't get it , kyle , Look , you 're pissed at me when I tell you I don 't want to see shawn , and then I do it , and I tell you it went pretty good , and I get a big shrug , Nobody asked you to sit here , man , What 's going on , kyle ? What , are you blacking out again ? Just forget it , Look , if you don 't tell me what 's going on , I 'll talk to your dad , I am not blacking out , all right ? I feel fine , You 're not saying a word to my dad , Yeah ? Then tell me why you 're walking around like a zombie , I can remember now , Some of the things I was doing during those blackouts , I can remember , Like what ? I 'm in trouble , that 's all I can tell you , I 'm in big trouble , Is there anything I can do ? Help yourself , Stay away from me , Got a cigarette ? You have emphysema , I know I have emphysema , What I don 't have is a cigarette , Do you know who I am ? For a second , I thought you were the angel of death , Richard tyler , How was weinberg 's funeral ? Simple , Dignified , Kind of like milt , Never did like his politics much , You know , after you disappeared , he blamed me , Fought me once or twice , Of course , he was wrong , So what are you here for ? Going to slap me around a little bit ? Shut off my oxygen tank ? Uh ... you don 't make a very appealing target these days , lee , What , then ? Looking for an apology ? When I first got back , I used to lie awake in quarantine thinking about you , All the things I would do to you if I ever saw you again , Oh , You want vengeance , Well , sorry to disappoint you , That 's not going to work out either , Time has kicked my ass worse than you ever could , Time kicks everybody 's ass , lee , Get you too , eventually , Caught up with old milt , didn 't it , for sure , At the funeral , those guys were tripping over each other to say sorry , But you 've had 50 years to dwell on what you did ... I didn 't like hitting a fellow officer , but you gave me cause , I ate beside you , I fought beside you , but when you took up with a white woman , you crossed the line , That 's what you said back then , I 'm saying it again now , The world 's changed , lee , or haven 't you noticed ? The world , maybe , Not me , And how 's that working out for you ? I stopped by your room , No cards , No flowers , The lady at the front desk couldn 't believe you had a visitor , You know , I really wish you 'd brought some cigarettes , You always did stick to your habits , lee ... even after they started to kill you , So long , They 're not just statistics , diana , He let that happen , I know what he did , and I don 't need you to rub my nose in it , It 's worth putting the faces to the numbers , We 've got a problem , The state department has decided to fight extradition , They 're going to argue special circumstances , So edwin gets a pass ? And who knows how many kids get a shot at a normal life ? No , not as many as we 'd hoped , Our labs can 't even figure out how his ability works , forget about replicating it , And I just got his med eval , It turns out he 's in bad shape , Well , he told me he 's anemic , and he couldn 't sleep , No , no , it 's worse than that , This ability , every time he rearranges a fetal chromosome , he 's damaging his own , So if he keeps healing ... it 's going to kill him , Listen , if you don 't want to talk about what you did , I 'm not going to try to force you to , But I guarantee you , whatever it is , there 's a way out of it , That 's easy to say , You don 't know what it is , So tell us , How can we help you if we don 't know what 's going on ? I didn 't ask for help , In fact , I told you not to mention it to anyone , danny , And I 'm not " anyone " , I 'm your friend , Stop saying that , okay ? I know you two mean well , but you don 't have a goddamn clue what you 're talking about , I have to deal with this on my own , We get it , On your own , Absolutely , And we 're going to help you do that , I think what he 's trying to say is if you need some time to clear your head and get away from everything so you can figure stuff out , I can make that happen , Come to the center with me , kyle , You 're turning this into a recruiting drive ? That 's not what I 'm talking about , You will have the space you need , No one will bother you , Kyle , if you ever get to the point where you feel like you want to talk to somebody , we have counselors , therapists , lawyers , It was worth a try , man , because whatever you 're doing right now , it 's not working , My car is outside , You can come with me right now , if you want , Okay , Just let me ... I got a couple of things to take care of ... get a leave of absence from school , stuff like that , I 'll meet you there tonight , And I 'll be waiting , Okay , Thank you , guys , How much time do I have left ? Well , that 's difficult to say , I mean , your genes are mutating every time you heal a fetus , There 's an indication of heart disease developing , You have spinal irregularities on your mri , If you keep healing , maybe a year , maybe less , And if I stop ? Oh , well , I mean , if you stop healing , then there 's no reason for the state department to fight the extradition , You 'll be handed back to the rwandan government , Who will have me tried and sentenced with all dispatch , So ... either choice that I make leads to my death , Yes , that 's right , It would seem my abductors have quite a perverse sense of humor , I will , of course , continue to heal for as long as my body allows , At least then , my death will have a purpose other than vengeance , You 'll have to be monitored by doctors from here on in , They 'll try and slow your decline , but you really should come with us , because we have some of the best physicians in the world on payroll , Miss skouris , if you 're offering me a bed at ntac , I 'm afraid I have to refuse , I did not pass up one prison so I can die in another , There is one place you could go , Ntac medical 's going to need him five days a week , so I 'll get you the schedule , We 'll make sure he 's there on time , every time , Edwin musinga , this is shawn farrell , He runs the center , and you two have a lot in common , Not a lot , Just one thing , One very important thing , Did you tell him ? Yeah , He 's going to keep healing , Not that that surprises me , I took him over to the 4400 center , I think he 's probably better off there than he is at home , How does it feel , tom ? Some babies 'll get saved , and you 'll get your pound of flesh , You really want to know ? I asked you , didn 't I ? It feels like justice , Hi How 'd you find me ? Sometimes it 's good to have a kid who knows things , What 's in berkeley ? A tattoo shop that likes my work , Oh , Some friends I can force myself on for a while , Listen , di ... I said this to maia , but ... I 'm so sorry , Well , it 's nice to hear , but it doesn 't change anything , You are so deceitful , and you 're completely untrustworthy , and- - well , you 're not seeing maia until you 've proven otherwise , I wish I knew how to make things right , Yeah , I wish I did , too , And I do know it 's going to take a long time , But you 're still my sister , and you 're the only one I 've got , and I 'm , uh ... well , I 'm not giving up on you , You bought it back from the pawn shop , I know you always felt that mom should have left it to you , and tell you the truth , I thought she only gave it to me because she ... well , she figured that was the only way I was ever going to get one of those things , Hmm , That 's a whole othertherapy session , Di , I don 't deserve this , No , you don 't , but you 're going to take it anyway , One day ... maia 's going to wear that ring to her wedding ... and I hope- - well , I hope you know each other again by then , Yeah , Kyle ? Dad , I had to leave , I 'm sorry , Kyle ? Hey , it 's me , Uh , where are you , man ? It 's 2 : 00 A , M , You 're not here yet , Listen , just- - when you get this , call me , or just show up , Okay ? Show up , All right , Yeah , I know you two mean well , but you don 't have a goddamn clue what you 're talking about , I have to deal with this on my own
