 Hurry , Richard . Hurry ! As of tonight , Abendson State Hospital is officially under quarantine . The patients will remain locked down . Hospital staff and affected NTAC personnel will be confined to the site until we 've isolated the source of the compulsion . That sounds like a good plan , but who 's going to watch over them ? The last group we sent was compromised within hours . Which is , quite frankly , a little disturbing . If you think of this like an epidemic ... In the CDC , we 'd call Tess " the sole disease vector . " You remove her , you remove the urge to build , except as far as we know ... None of those agents had any contact with Tess . So it 's like the flu , or any other airborne virus . You catch it , you can pass it on . What is this thing supposed to be , anyway ? My guess , and I cannot emphasize the word " guess " strongly enough , Is that Tess is telling us the truth . It 's some kind of communication device . To contact who ? The future ? The only way to find out is to let the patients finish building it . That night on Highland Beach , they were trying to tell us something . The conversation was cut short . Which is why we 've been stumbling around in the dark this last year . Tess is the only 4400 who remembers where she was taken ... No , claims to remember where she was taken . She 's also the only paranoid schizophrenic . And it sounds to me like you two have been spending a little too much time around her . Well , maybe I caught the bug too , but , uh ... I agree with them . The quarantine orders at the hospital remain in effect until further notice . The guards will rotate shifts to minimize their exposure . So where does that leave us ? Until we 're sure the compulsion 's not spreading anymore , you two aren 't going anywhere near that facility . You never told me I was a prisoner . Have you ever seen a prison cell , Shawn ? It looks nothing like your apartment . Goddammit , Jordan , since when do you decide who i see and talk to ? This is about your cousin , isn 't it ? So you did know he was here . I know he was rude and aggressive , and had to be escorted from the premises . You mean thrown out . It might have been handled more smoothly , Shawn , but all in all , I 'd have to say it was for the best . Kyle is my friend . He was your friend . Look , a year ago , you came to me looking for a new life , your old one in shambles . Kyle , friend or not , is part of that old life . So what do you want me to do ? You just want me to cut him loose and forget he exists ? He 's no different than your mother , your brother , or your friend Nikki . Don 't you ... They do not understand what it is we 're trying to accomplish here . You know , maybe I don 't either . Well , then , I suggest you pack your bags and ... Leave . So , what happens next time you start screaming out in pain ? Do what 's right for you , Shawn . I 'll take care of myself . - Do you have a seven ? - Go fish . I am so sorry I 'm late . Who do we have here ? This is Carrie . She lives downstairs . The U. P. S. man left their package with us by mistake , and when her mom came to get it , Carrie was with her , and now I 'm invited to her birthday party , and it 's a sleep-over . I can go , right ? Hi , Carrie . I 'm Diana . It 's nice to meet you . Nice to meet you . I already said it 's okay . Well , I think we should probably talk to Carrie 's mom first , don 't you ? Oh , look , you know what ? It sounds fine to me . Thank you , thank you , thank you , thank you . Isabelle 's asleep . Rainy day came sooner than expected . Do you think we lost them ? I 'm not ready to stop for pie just yet . I got 1,200 here . Another 300 in my pocket . I 'm carrying two . We 're going to have to get those back windows replaced in the morning . This should be enough to carry us through to Montana . What did Eric say when you called him ? He was a little surprised to hear from me , but even back in quarantine , he used to say how us 4400s should stick together . Yeah , we didn 't have much choice back then , though , did we ? The bank will wire us our savings when we get there . If things get really bad , we can sell these . I put that ring on you forever . Guess you and Isabelle were right . We should have taken off when we had the chance . It 's gonna be a long night . You want me to drive a shift ? Get some sleep . Maia , what 's wrong ? I 'm sorry . I know it 's late , but ... Maia really wanted to come home . Why is that , sweetie ? I don 't want to talk about it . Some of the girls , not my daughter , but some of the other girls , were teasing Maia . I guess she said she has a crush on Frank Sinatra . Well , ol ' blue eyes . Do you blame her ? Most nine-year-olds don 't even know who Frank Sinatra was . I want to go to bed . I guess it got pretty nasty . I feel terrible . Maybe Maia can come back another time ? Just her and Carrie . Yeah . We 'll talk about it . Thank you . - Good night . - Good night . Maia . I know you didn 't fall asleep that fast . It was awful . You were right . Well , I didn 't want to be right . I don 't need any friends . Everyone needs friends , Maia . Come on , I really think we should talk about this . Well , I don 't . Buck 's burgers . Good as I remembered . Kind of a strange thing to have on top of your list , but hey , you know what ? I 'm glad I could make your dreams come true . Kyle , shouldn 't you be in bed ? Dad , I 'm 21 . So I have to keep reminding myself . I 'm making some popcorn . You want some ? You 're kidding me . You could eat more ? I 've been eating quarantine food for a year . You guys might be keeping the country safe , but your cafeteria sucks . Hello ? Hello ? Kyle . We got to get the baby out of the cold . I don 't think there 's any motels on this road . I was thinking we 'd head south , catch the 35 . Guy should lose his high beams . That 's the first car we 've seen in , what , like , 15 miles ? Get your head down . Oh , my god , Richard . It 's them . Hold on ! Hold on ! Everybody okay ? Yeah , i think so . Okay . Let 's go . Spread out . Hey , Maia , sweetie . It 's wake-up time . - Okay . - Huh ? It was a late night , huh ? All right . 15 more minutes . You know what ? Frank Sinatra is the coolest , and don 't you let anyone ever tell you 're different . So you didn 't read any of it ? No . I wouldn 't want my daughter reading my diary . You keep a diary ? Am I in it ? Come on , don 't flatter yourself . So , really , you don 't even know if " what she sees " means ... things during the day , tv shows , ponies , whatnot ... Or it could be " what she sees , " A week , a month , a year down the line . She hasn 't had one of those visions in , like , four months . Well , that 's what she tells you , anyway . Why would she lie ? She wants to be normal , right ? Every time she makes a prediction , someone calls her a freak . Look , I understand . You 're her mom now . There are certain protocols . Next time I 'm over , why don 't I take a peek ? You think that 'd be any less of a betrayal ? Respecting Maia 's privacy is no small thing , but you 've got to weigh that against the information that could be in that diary . You know what ? When you stop trusting a parent , it 's really hard to start again , And yes , I 'm speaking from experience . Hey . I 'm glad it 's not my decision , but if Maia 's having visions , you should know about it , and you should know what they are . Is it bad ? I just jammed it when we spun out . Just need to walk it off a little more . We 'll follow this stream south . Hike through the water a bit , throw ' em off our trail . It 'll be cold . It 'll keep us awake . After a mile , we 'll ... we 'll double back west . Head straight for the highway . Sounds easy when you say it . We can do it . We 're going to do it , right ? Keep her quiet . She 's going to bring them right to us . Does the name " Gene Pecusa " ring a bell ? Yeah , returnee 927 . Oh , let me guess . He still has the ability to turn 20 bucks into a crushing hangover . And a night in the drunk tank . Come on , we 've got to ferry him back to his halfway house . Give it to Mortimer and Falcone . We got something else on our plates ? No . Everything 's quiet at Abendson . No one 's been allowed near the tower . That 's the problem , isn 't it ? Tom ... Tom , no . You do remember that Jarvis has still got your letter of resignation . She wants results . I 'm going to give them to her . And besides , you want to know what that thing is as badly as i do . I 'm trying not to think about it . Yeah , well , I can 't think of anything else . So it sounds like Tess has got her hooks in you . I don 't have the urge to pick up a tool belt . I 'm coming with you . It 's all right , Tess . We 're taking you back to Abendson . We signed you out , Tess . No one from NTAC is coming after you . Not you people . The doctors in the submarines . They 're watching us . Come on , what , you 're having second thoughts ? No , just get in . So you still owe me four or five dollars for those two six-packs ? Something like that ? I 've got a 20 right here , if you think you can take it from me . Look at you , man . Back among the living . You look great . I walk . I talk . I seem to have full control of my limbs . You still hit like a girl . Nothing 's changed . Four years ? Plenty 's changed . What are you talking about ? We saw each other right when you got out of the hospital . I don 't remember any of that . You don 't ? So you don 't remember sitting naked in the sprinklers ? No . Sounds like something you 'd do . Well ... Thank you . I never got a chance to say that . For getting me out of the coma ... thank you . You know , if it hadn 't been for me , you wouldn 't have been in that stupid hospital anyway , so ... No , I 'd have been the one who disappeared into 4400 boot camp . Maybe I 'd have come back with the magic hands . All right , all right . Okay . Speaking of disappearing , you jerk ... Oh , Kyle , don 't go there yet . Don 't go there ? Your mom is so freaked out . You haven 't seen her in a year . You haven 't seen anybody . Your brother . My dad . What was going on with you and Nikki ? Kyle , I don 't want to talk about Nikki . We 're all really worried about you , man . You don 't need to be . I mean , I 'm fine . I 've been to that place where you 're living . There are some serious Stepford Wives vibes going on there , you know that , right ? All that stuff about " unlocking the 4400 inside everybody ... " Yeah ? You don 't really believe Collier can do that , do you ? Kyle ... Look around us , man . The world is in a total freefall . These centers , they 're a chance to bring people together , maybe our last chance . I don 't just believe that he can do it . I believe that he has to do it . Sounds like someone got inside your head . He said you wouldn 't understand . Collier ? Yeah . I got to tell you , man , he was right . Isabelle ... Richard ! God . What happened ? Guess I wasn 't looking where I was going . Okay . We just need to rest . You think they 're stopping for breaks ? Come on , Richard . Alright . Five minutes . All right , people , come on ! Everyone out to the tower . Come on . We 've got a lot of work to do , and not a lot of time to do it , so let 's go , come on . Go , go . Come on , you heard me . Let 's go . This one 's mine . Stand over there . Hey , Kevin ! Look . I escaped . Always thinking of me . Kevin 's a genius , you know , but he doesn 't brag about it . I bet in a couple of days all these berries will be ripe . Don 't eat them now . The last thing we need is to start cramping up . Look . I thought you said they weren 't ripe . They weren 't . Well ... Isabelle ? Had to be . Way to go , little girl . They 're going to have to work fast . I 'm going to help them . That 's not funny , Diana . I really want to do this . No , you 'd only be in the way . You don 't understand . I really need to do this . Have these sent to my house . Shawn , I 've been looking for you . Yeah , I took a walk . We have a special visitor tonight . She has pancreatic cancer . Her husband is willing to donate real estate for a 4400 center in Los Angeles . Well , tonight doesn 't really work for me , Jordan . Well , you have five ... no , six hours to get in the mood . Mood 's got nothing to do with it . I 'm just not working tonight . Richard , please . Don 't do this . We don 't have another choice . There 's three of them . They 're going to kill you . Not if I get my hands on one of those shotguns . You can barely walk . It 's our only chance . I 've got to do it now , while I still have the strength . If I 'm not back by sundown , take the baby and walk due west . It 's that way . Just keep going in a straight line . Understand ? I 'd give up another 50 years if it meant finding you again . You knew about this , didn 't you ? Knew about what ? Baldwin and Skouris signed Tess Doerner out of here and took her back to Abendson . They 're rebuilding the tower . That would be one theory . No crying . You can 't cry now . Drop it . I 'll cut you in half . Yeah ... Turn around . I taught you boys better than this . Get up ! Diana , how 's it going ? Well , it turns out we 're in better shape than I thought . The fire missed most of the wiring . So how soon till it 's ready to go ? Well , we 've got to finish triangulating the dishes , and then we 're good . Just get it done . Baldwin . We 've got your man ! Either you come out , or the next sound you hear is him being blown straight to hell ! I told you , she 's miles away by ... Open your mouth again , I 'll cut your tongue out . Okay ... Watch him . Lily ! Run ! Are you sure you don 't want to say goodbye to me ? I 'm gonna miss you must of all . Last time , Baldwin , unlock the door . Can 't do that You said you wanted results . Listen to me Baldwin , you are not in your right mind . These are not the results that I was talking about . Now step away before you get hurt . Take it . No , no , just wait , wait ! Just wait , just wait ... We need answers that tower might provide . Just listen , listen to me ... It 's a risk , I know . But sometimes when you want to get to the truth you have to take a leap of faith , just ... just listen to me . Hmmm . You want the truth ? Tess Doerner 's memories of the future ... They 're not memories . She read the mini-short story by H. P. Lovecraft . " The Shadow Out of time " , I have it right here . I underlined some of the passages that show up verbatim in your report . Just another delusion . No . I 'm sorry Tom . Ok , let 's go , okay , guys take it . Everyone step away from that tower . Isabelle ... Isabelle ... My son ! What did you make me do ? Gabriel , my god ... my son ! Richard ! It wasn 't me ! That creature ... made me pull the trigger . You 've unleashed the Devil into this world ! And we all are going to burn ! Richard ! Where are you ? Where are you ? Let 's get everyone back in their rooms . We 're gonna need a full head count before the next round of medications . Where are you ? I did what you wanted , right ? Talk to me . Come on , tess . We all could use a little rest . But they lied to me . Or did i lie to you ? Well , somehow I wanted more . I don 't know what I expected . Another ball of light , a booming voice from the sky ... something . Could we have built it wrong ? Maybe . All I know is that I don 't feel like picking up a hammer anymore , and 10 minutes ago , that was all I could think of . - Yeah ... - Alright . NORAD said the pulse dissipated before it left the atmosphere . Could be all this sound and fury was for absolutely nothing . Now , our first priority is to help the hospital personnel restore order here . Okay ? And then I want all of you who were infected with this thing to be checked out by NTAC medical . You including me in that order ? Because i 'm not sure ... You were infected , because if you 're standing here telling me you weren 't , I 'm putting a date on that letter of resignation . I was definitely infected . I thought so . We could use a little help policing the area here , and we need to get rid of these tools before one of the patients hurts themselves . You heard the man . Excuse me . Dr. Clayton ? Kevin ... Did you just speak to me ? I guess I did . I haven 't said anything for a long time , have I ? Try six years . I can think again too . I don 't know what happened , but ... I feel ... better . You had me followed ? I could have had your conversation recorded . I just thought that might be pushing it . God , Kyle 's right . I am some kind of prisoner . Shawn , I 've told you , you can leave here anytime you want , and I meant it , but until you do , I will not allow these shadows from your past to alter your perceptions of what it is we 're trying to accomplish here . You 're too important . No , no , you mean you need me to help bring in the big checks . Shawn , the money ... is a means to an end . The goal is what matters . Ensure the future . Save ... the planet . I can 't do that without you . You want proof the future works in mysterious ways ? Look no further than M. Kevin Burkhoff . Yeah , instead of contacting the future , we got him . Well , not as disappointing as it might seem at first blush . Burkhoff was a tenured professor of neurochemistry at Stanford university . Neuroscience . Only class I ever got a " b " in . Yeah , you 're not alone . Only a handful of people work at the top of the field at any given time . Our M. Burkhoff was the heir apparent , until he suffered his first delusion at the age of 30 , and he was institutionalized two years later . What was he working on ? You want a ripple effect ? How 's this : Burkhoff specialized in dormant neural pathways . He was trying to wake up parts of the brain that we can 't use . Parts that would do what ? Well , parts that could lead to all kinds of special new abilities , like ... precognition . Right , Marco ? Precognition , Telekinesis ... Stop me if any of this sounds familiar . Maia Rutledge . Orson Bailey . You 're saying that Burkhoff is the father of the 4400 technology ? It 's possible . And we just woke him up . Miss Usher , next door , is getting a kitten . Hope she 'll let me play despite the fact there 's going to be a book about how we all me and Diana get to be a real family a computer for Christmas ... mommy 's bosses ... Mommy 's bosses will be punish for betraying us . Mommy 's bosses will be punish for betraying us .
