 My name is Molly Caffrey , and I work for the federal government . I deal in worst-case scenarios , the unthinkable . On September 16 , 2005 , the unthinkable happened . An extraterrestrial object appeared off the bow of a naval freighter . The entire crew was exposed to a high-frequency signal . Some died instantly , others began to change . They are now stronger , more resilient . They dream of alien landscapes , and they are driven by the impulse to infect others . Several of the crewmen are now loose in the United States . They will strike anytime , anyplace , anyone . Their goal : to turn us into them . But I have a plan to stop them . That plan is called " Threshold . " Remember this when you 're begging the Lord for mercy . I 've seen the dark angel , and he is coming to scourge the earth ! Only those with supreme faith will find eternity in the sea of glass ! Help ! Can anyone hear me ? ! Everything is outlined in the plan . Two walks a day- - quarter of a mile minimum- - one bowl dry food in the morning , one treat in the evening . He is not allowed on the bed . and he gets a bath every other Saturday . His favorite game is hide and seek , and his favorite toy is the sock monkey . Oh , and , uh ... the three closest animal hospitals are on the last page . Yes , ma 'am . I 'll take care of him . All right . Hey , you be good , all right ? Where 's he off to ? Well , I thought it 'd be best if someone else looked after him for awhile . Who 's looking after you ? Come again ? You 've been working nonstop for three days . Have you even been home since Hatten 's funeral ? I gave the order to shoot down a plane full of people , one of them my good friend . A decent therapist might say I 'm throwing myself into work to help sublimate my guilt . And they 'd probably be right . But at least I 'm being productive . You can 't compartmentalize your stress forever . Maybe you should talk to someone . You know , I thought that 's what we were doing . You know what I mean . We 're all under a lot of pressure . Your Threshold protocols include stress counseling as part of the plan . Might be time to get that started . I 'll give it some thought . We have a situation in New Harmony , Indiana . Hometown of one of our missing Big Horn crewmen . Yeah , Craig Sonntag . Isn 't he the infectee who shot one of our men at the refinery ? Yeah , I watched him get run over by a car and walk away like it was nothing . - Did we get a hit ? - Maybe the kind we don 't want . I had two agents staking out his mother 's house . One went missing . Let 's bring up everything we know about him . If Craig Sonntag did come home , I want to know why . When Goodman didn 't check in this morning , I put a call out to his partner . Agent Harper wasn 't with him when he disappeared ? No , they 're splitting shifts . Harper was asleep back at the motel while Goodman was running surveillance on his mother 's house . - What about his vehicle ? - There 's no trace of it . I thought all your cars were equipped with GPS locators . They are , but for some reason , this one stopped transmitting . Last known position ? Last known position was two blocks away from his mother 's house . New Harmony 's barely a dot on the map . It 's hard to believe Sonntag could slip into town without us noticing . Well , if there 's one thing we 've learned about our infectees , they are full of surprises . What do we know about him ? Born and raised in New Harmony , spent two years as an agricultural engineer before he joined the Navy . His mother is his only surviving relative . You better get out there . Anything ? Oh , plenty . I 've been studying the Big Horn hull fragment that washed up in Rhode Island- - the one we found at the seafood joint . No doubt about it , the crystalline structures are the result of algae that was bio-formed by the alien signal . And these crystals affected people 's theta waves , made them have the nightmares . Within a two-foot radius . They may be invisible to the naked eye , but they pack a wallop . We blew that ship to smithereens . What 's to stop more of these fragments from washing ashore ? Nothing . That 's why we shouldn 't have blown up the ship in the first place . Point taken . Now what do we do about these fragments ? We 've already got people combing the shoreline , but that 's only a stopgap measure . I think we 've got to go to the source , find out what we 're dealing with . Yeah , this shouldn 't be a problem . You know , I cut my teeth on deep ocean probes . That ship could be in a million pieces , a thousand feet down . Hey , they found the Titanic , didn 't they ? After 90 years . Yeah , but we got GPS , state-of-the-art sonar . 90 years ? We 'll find it in 90 minutes . I could whip up a search grid using the Big Horn mass , you know , seasonal currents , cean floor topography . This probe would be equipped with a robotic camera , so we can monitor the entire search from here . Make a list of what you 'll need . Uh , and this will involve DOD , the Navy , and the Oceanic Administration . And what do we do if we find the Big Horn ? We raise it and bring it back . We 've got a handle on things here . If you don 't mind my suggesting , you might want to take that field trip to Indiana . Why might I want to do that ? Cavennaugh 's looking for one of his men . I don 't want him stepping over people to find him . He lacks a certain ... Savoir faire ? That 's one way of putting it . And it wldn 't kill you to get a little fresh air . He was supposed to be back here by 6 : 00 a.m. When he didn 't show up , I went to look for him . That 's when u called me . We put out an APB on both Goodman and his vehicle . We also have a dozen agents scouring the town . We 're gonna find him . First things first : Did Sonntag make contact with his mother ? Nothing from the phone surveillance indicates they made contact . Unless it was outside the home . We should search her house for any evidence . You know her schedule . When 's the next time she 's out for any length of time ? About two hours . Every Thursday , she attends an evening church service . - What 's your entry point ? - Rear door . She keeps a spare key in the bird feeder . Checked both bedrooms . One of them is a sewing room now . So , if Sonntags back , he 's not sleeping in his old bed . Remember our cover story ? Yeah , the families were told the crew died at sea . God , her son was her life . There 's probably a shrine like this in the home of every missing crewman . I 'll check out the basement . All right , call me if you find anything weird . I almost shot a dryer . How 'd you do ? I 've been through the pantry , the cupboards ... She doesn 't keep a lot of food in the house . You looking for a snack ? I 'm looking for a way to explain these . Grocery bills . One from two weeks ago , one from yesterday . Beef jerky , canned beans , peanut butter ... Healthy appetite . Fenway said our infectees crave protein . And most of the items are nonperishable . She could be getting them to her son somehow . So we follow the food trail ... I can tell you where it leads . She 's a big contributor to Food for Children . It 's a local food drive . Got the hair sample you wanted from a shower drain . Is there anything else you 'd like me to do ? Hang on a second . Dr. Caffrey ? Molly ? Church flyer . Look familiar ? " Join Reverend Lavory as he shares his important message . " Great change is coming as foretold in his visions . Come hear about the sea of glass . " This change of clothing habit of yours comes in handy . Shh . No talking in church . Sonntag 's mother . Revelations 4 : 6 . " And behold , " I saw the throne in Heaven . " And before the throne there was a sea of glass , " like unto crystal . " And in the midst of the sea , there was a beast with eyes before and behind . " I have seen this place . And I have seen the beast standing in the sea of glass . I prayed to God , and I asked him why was I being shown these things ? And then I realized , I was part of a divine plan . It 's already happening . In your homes . How many here tonight have had the dreams ? Don 't be afraid . Reverend , I 've had it . Don 't try to fight it . I 've had the dream . Accept what is happening . Only those who believe will find eternity in the sea of glass . It 's a small magazine out of Evansville- - a staff of two , really . I do the writing , and , uh , John here is the whole graphics department . Welcome to New Harmony . What brings you here ? You , actually . I was sent one of your flyers . We 're interested in running a piece on the visions you 've been having . Well , now , that sounds promising , but how do I know I won 't open your magazine and find I 'm some kind of crackpot ? Oh , we 're not here to make judgments , Reverend . Uh , I 'll just write about your message , and we 'll let the readers decide if you 're a crackpot all on their own . Fair enough . Hey , do you mind if I take a few shots ? - Please . - Thank you . Shall we sit ? I suppose it doesn 't matter what people think of me . It 's all going to happen , whether they believe or not . The end of the world ? The end of the world as we know it . I prefer to think of it as a change . What kind of change ? A cleansing . Like the Great Flood or Sodom and Gomorrah . The impure will be swept away , and those that remain will go on to the next step . And what is the next step ? One step closer to becoming the divine creatures that He intended us to be . When did your dreams begin ? Three weeks ago . And they become more vivid every night . Where were you when they started ? In my bed , naturally , in my living quarters . I know this might sound strange , but our readers enjoy a lot of detail . Would you mind just showing me around the quarters so I can describe where it all began ? Yeah , I suppose so . And some other members of your congregation claimed to be having these visions , as well . Do you think any of them might be willing to talk to me ? I 'm sure of it . You mentioned a ... a landscape of , uh , glass or crystal and a ... and a dark presence . Anything else ? Any other details ? Once , a few days ago , a dead man came to see me . Really ? He lived here in this town until he was killed on a ship at sea . Craig Sonntag . Uh ... any idea why he might show up in your dreams ? I think he 's a symbol . Sonntag is German for Sunday , the Lord 's day . He told me not to be afraid . Comforting , isn 't it ? Who knew there was a sea of glass in the Bible ? Creepy , isn 't it ? Yeah . We better stop this thing before it turns into a full-blown religious movement . Either he 's infected , and trying to fool us , or he 's not infected , and he 's misinterpreting the dreams . I 've asked my secretary to put you in touch with members of the congregation . Much appreciated . You wanted to see my living quarters ? Whoa , whoa , hold on . I 'll be right behind you , but first , I 'm gonna get a status report on Agent Goodman , see if anything turned up- - all right ? All right . Activate sonar sweep , north quadrant . Come about two-two-niner , seven degrees . We 've got an echo in grid 17-A . Pegg to Commander Williams . Go ahead . You see what we see ? That 's affirmative . Something 's down there , a good 20 meters long . Can you feed us the telemetry ? Stand by . You hear about what 's going on in Indiana ? You mean , Reverend Lovejoy spouting biblical nonsense about Armageddon ? How do we know it 's nonsense ? People have been predicting the end of the world since the beginning of the world , and exactly none of them have been right thus far . Yeah , except that , now , we 're facing an alien threat . I 'd say that that qualifies . What are you talking about- - some divine plan ? Who 's to say it 's not ? I mean , for all we know , we 're trying to prevent something that was supposed to happen . Call it what you want- - the next step in our evolution ... God 's plan . If that 's the case , then , the Old Man 's sense of humor 's more twisted than I thought . And if this is some sort of divine plan , then , uh , tough luck , Big Guy , but I 'm gonna do everything I can to stop it . You ... Here we go . It 's definitely metallic . The profile 's not right . The Big Horn had a rectangular hull . That 's convex . Another shipwreck ? Yeah , certainly looks that way . We should , uh , widen our search radius . Although , I do have a better idea . Why don 't you just ask your buddy God to tell us where the Big Horn is ? Maybe he gave us the brains and the talent to find it ourselves . It was beautiful . Crystal spires , fields of glass . It filled me with so much hope . A-Anything else ? Horses . Six magnificent white horses pulling a golden chariot , and inside was this bright light . I think it was the Lord Himself . W-When did your dreams begin ? Two nights ago . It-It was pretty wild . The whole town was on fire , and people were screaming . Reverend Lavory- - he took me by the hand . He led me to safety . The sea of glass ? No . It was right here in the church . So , you never saw the crystal landscape ? No , no , no , nothing like that . There was this earthquake , and the ground opened up , and this giant monster that looked like Kraken came out , only he was made out of glass . The Kraken ? From Clash of the Titans . Cool movie . Ever see it ? Afraid not . That 's when I woke up . That 's kind of like the reverend 's dream , right ? I mean , the Kraken is a dark presence . Sounds like it , yeah . So , all we 're dealing with is Reverend Lavory . Everyone I talked to described something different . I mean , aside from the occasional reference to glass , there 's nothing in common , and-and none of them were like the dreams that we had after we were exposed to the signal . Sounds like Lavory 's sermons had quite an impact . Put ideas in their head . I think they want to feel part of something special , something larger than themselves , you know , like we all do . Caffrey . Hey , it 's Fenway . I got your results . I got enough saliva off the water glass to run a DNA analysis . Your reverend is officially human . No genetic mutations . If he is having the dreams , it 's likely his theta waves are elevated , like yours and Cavennaugh 's , but I can 't confirm that without a direct examination . And Sonntag 's mother ? I recovered a skin tag from one of the hair samples . Same result- - she 's normal . Thanks , Doctor . Uh , Baylock , how are Lucas and Ramsey doing with their treasure hunt ? They had a near miss . The search continues . Keep me posted . Lavory 's not infected . But he 's been exposed , either to the alien signal , or more of those crystalline structures . Anything in his room ? Not that I could see . I think it 's time we start digging a little deeper into that church . And , uh , stay on top of Mrs. Sonntag . I want to know how her son fits into this equation . I 'll find out more about this food drive , make sure her donations are going where we think they 're going . We got a hit on the APB . The police found Goodman 's vehicle . I 'll check it out . Have you seen it , too ? What ? You 've had the dreams , haven 't you ? Oh , you 're not gonna lie in a church , are you , Ms. Cambrey ? How did you know ? I felt a connection to you . I knew it from the moment we met . Why didn 't you say so before ? Trying to maintain some objectivity , I guess . You didn 't come here looking for an interview , did you ? You came here searching for answers yourself . I had this made after the visions began . I have seen this shape many times . It appeared to me in rain on a window . A reflection on a fountain . Such a profound design : one symbol made of three separate spires . Sound familiar ? You think it 's the Holy Trinity . What do you think it is ? I 've been told it 's a graphic depiction of a mathematical equation . Maybe it 's both . " Science without religion is lame . Religion without science is blind . " My favorite Einstein quote . Don 't be frightened . It 's all preordained . Our dreams , the coming change . Perhaps your soul is troubled because you 're fighting it . I 'm not ready for the world to change . I 'm afraid it 's gonna happen anyway . Are you afraid that you 'll be judged harshly for your sins ? Do you carry the burden of guilt ? You said you saw this symbol reflected in the fountain . Can you take me there ? You spend a lot of time out here ? I do . It 's where I meditate and write my sermons . It 's a little late in the season for lettuce , isn 't it ? We 've been blessed with temperate weather and fertile soil . This is the fountain ? - It is . - Reverend ? You have a phone call . If you 'll excuse me . Are those human teeth ? Let 's document everything . Any more human teeth ? No , but look at this . Crystalline formations . Are they all like that ? So far . Be careful . Don 't let it touch your skin . Now we know what caused the reverend 's visions . Proximity to the crystals . The time he spent out here meditating was enough to affect his dreams . Let 's get these samples to Fenway ASAP , and make sure these guys rotate shifts- - 15 minutes on , 15 off . Until we know the cumulative effects of the crystals , let 's treat it like radiation . All right . I want you to supervise a thorough search of the church grounds , see if we 're missing anything , all right ? Yes , sir . Hey . Any news on Goodman ? Found his car at the bottom of a ravine . Looks like it was an accident . Or that 's what someone wants us to think . They find the body ? Won 't for a couple of hours . It 's going to take a while for our guys to get down there . Fenway , did you get the images ? Well , they certainly look similar to the crystals we found on the Big Horn hull fragment , but I can 't say for certain till I put one under a microscope . Do you have any idea what 's causing this ? Well , with the hull fragment , we know the crystals came from exposure to the alien signal , so unless that probe made another appearance , I-I don 't have the first clue . All right . The samples are on their way . " Modern Spirituality " ? I 'm sorry I lied to you . What in God 's name is the federal government doing in my church ? I-I can 't go into detail right now , but we found some unusual mutations in your garden . They 're potentially very toxic , and we need to know how they got there . Am I under arrest for something ? No . We-we think you 're the victim of something . Your visions may be directly related to it . I haven 't eaten anything from the garden . Well , you didn 't have to . Just being near it was enough . That is absurd . Who tends your garden , Reverend Lavory ? Is it you ? Has it occurred to you that what is happening out there is part of the coming change ? You call them mutations ; I call them signs . So you do know about them ? I know that I have been anointed by the Lord to help usher in a new chapter in human history , and I will not be silenced . We are not trying to silence you , but if you won 't cooperate , we will take you into custody . This is religious persecution . Get out of my church ! Reverend . You are desecrating the house of the Lord ! You 've sealed your fate , Ms. Caffrey . Remember that when you 're begging the Lord for mercy ! You sure this is the Big Horn ? You went all excited puppy the last three times . This-this is it . We 're-we 're-we 're waiting on a visual . Go left . Left ? Can we be a little more specific ? How about throwing in degrees and meters just for kicks ? Okay . 50 meters ahead , 22 degrees to port , mon capitan . Hold on . I think I see something . I don 't see anything . Right there . It matches the Big Horn 's hull geometry . We 're fighting interference . I 'm not sure from where . It 's not the equipment . Boost the SONAR . What in the hell are we looking at ? The Big Horn . I know ... but what 's all that ? Zoom in . Oh ... we are so screwed . Molly . All right , keep me posted . Still no word on Goodman , but I just got an update on the food drive situation . The donation center records show they haven 't received any contributions from Mrs. Sonntag in at least a month . Her receipts were all within the last three weeks . Yeah , so who 's eating all that food she 's been buying ? Harper , keep going here . I think it 's time we met Mom . His father left when Craig was just a boy . So we didn 't have enough money for him to finish his agricultural studies . So he joined the Navy . It was , uh ... it was my idea . You don 't know how many times I 've regretted it . Are you investigating the accident that killed Craig ? Mrs. Sonntag , there may have been a mistake . We think your son might still be alive . That 's-that 's not possible . The admiral said the entire ship exploded . We need to know if you 've seen or talked to him recently . This is crazy . My son is dead . I understand this is difficult . Over the last three weeks , you 've purchased a great deal of food . Would you mind telling us where it went ? What does this got to do with my son ? Please , answer the question . I gave it to the food drive . We spoke to the donation center . They have no record of it . That 's because I went to the one in Concord Township . Do you have any proof ? Any receipts or anything that we could see ? I 'd need to find them . Please . Concord Township ? That 's about 50 miles from here . Ma 'am ? Mrs. Sonntag ? Ma 'am ? You okay ? Yes , I 'm fine . Well , she saw her son , all right . And he infected her somehow . Fenway said her DNA was clean . Well , Fenway was wrong . We got to get you to a doctor . I 'll be okay . Caffrey . Yeah , I 'll be right there . Harper found something at the church . I 'll stay with her and wait for back-up . All right . Be careful . Harper ? Where is everybody ? We turned this place upside down . If Sonntag was here , he 's not now . I 've stationed a couple of agents on the perimeter and sent the rest back to base camp . You said you wanted to show me something ? Right here . Hello ? Anyone ? - Monster ? - He 's gone . What are you talking about ? What happened here ? Your plan failed , Molly . Your protocols were a death sentence for millions . That 's not possible . I-I-I-I went through every contingency hundreds of times . That 's not right . Remember this when you 're begging the Lord for mercy . Help ! Can anyone hear me ? ! We 've covered every square inch of the wreckage . This stuff is everywhere . These crystals the same as the ones on Fenway 's hull fragment ? The spectral data 's a match . This what it looks like in your dream ? Yeah , pretty much . Whatever barnacles or algae that were sticking to the Big Horn when it went down were transformed by the alien signal . There is no way in hell we 're going to be able to raise this thing . I ran the mother 's DNA three times . She 's clean . Yeah , well , I 've got a dislocated shoulder that says she 's not . I could test it a thousand times , the results would be identical . This hair is not from an infected person . The screw-up is on your end , my friend . Okay . The mom 's body 's being shipped your way . Thanks for the info . Something wrong , sir ? I thought you were at the church . I was . Doctor Caffrey sent me here , said you needed back-up . I got the forensics back on Goodman 's SUV . - Did they find Mike ? - No . There 's no body , no sign of a struggle . And the GPS locator wasn 't destroyed ... someone removed it . Any leads on who it might have been ? Well , considering there were only two people who knew where it was , the field 's pretty narrow . What are you implying , sir ? Whose hair did you send to Dr. Fenway ? Sir ? Those samples were clean , Harper . Take a seat ! I said , take a seat . Sonntag . You infected him . We need to find out why it fails like this . You 're experimenting on people . No . We 're helping them . Is that how you 're doing it ? You 're using your own blood to infect them ? Until another probe arrives , it 's the only way . And your little garden . You 're using your blood like fertilizer , right ? You 're trying to infect our food . Tell me about Threshold . We know of your plan to try to stop us , Dr. Caffrey . We know who you are . Where are the other crewmen ? I 'm not telling you anything . Actually , you 're going to tell me everything ... and I 'm not even going to have to ask . How do you know I won 't end up like him ? I don 't . I 'd think you 'd want some answers before you stick me with that thing . Because if it doesn 't work , you 've got nothing . Check him ! You okay ? Let 's get a bolt cutter in here ! Now ! How 'd you find me ? Red Team members were implanted with tracking chips , remember ? It was your idea . And ... and Harper ? We got him ; don 't worry . It 's Agent Goodman . So Sonntag was trying to infect our field agents . Only it didn 't take with Goodman , and Harper was probably turned before we even got here . So how come he didn 't infect Reverend Lavory ? Why do you think he picked his garden ? If you turn the shepherd ... the sheep will follow . Craig told me he was a messenger from God , and he needed me to protect him . At first , I didn 't believe him , but then he said he 'd appear to me in a dream . When he did , I took that as proof . He killed that man ? One of our agents . Why ? We 've been tracking Mr. Sonntag for quite some time . He 's been manufacturing large quantities of a very powerful hallucinogen . So ... my visions ... We think he 's been slipping you controlled doses of the drugs . They 've made you highly suggestible . I said some things to you earlier ... No apology necessary . Really . I hope my congregation 's as understanding . I tested the syringe . It contains a chemical enzyme derived from Sonntag 's infected blood . Once it 's introduced into the victim , it triggers the mutations . What about the garden ? That 's where things get really interesting . You ever heard of GMOs ? " Genetically Modified Organisms . " Yeah , I 've been to the supermarket . It looks like Sonntag injected these plants with the enzyme . Designer DNA . It 's the basis for most GMO research . It 's what keeps your tomatoes looking so fresh , long after they 're safe to eat . So what would happen if I ate some of these vegetables ? You 'd absorb enough of the enzyme to transform your own DNA . Which is exactly what happened when I fed it to my lab rats . They 're trying to contaminate the food supply . Didn 't you say Sonntag was an agricultural engineer before he joined the Navy ? Yeah . They 're using their human knowledge to spread the infection . And this ? The teeth are one of our more unusual mutations . Sonntag used his infected blood to synthesize the enzyme . Some of the coding sequences for human tissue must have been activated . I 'd hate to see this in the grocery aisle . What about those flies ? Innocent bystanders . They just picked the wrong feeding ground . We need to make sure that none of the altered food or any of the seedlings made it out of that garden . I 'll send a decontamination team to scour New Harmony and the surrounding farmland . Not to add to the bad-news parade , but I have something else to show you . I took some time-lapse images of the forward hull . In the last three hours , the crystals have grown six square meters . Three weeks from now , three months , who knows what this ship will look like ? Well , in three months , this will cover about 4,320 square meters . Imagine a football field of this stuff and you get the idea . You 're right , raising the ship is too risky . Let 's establish a no-shipping , no-fly zone above the wreckage . 30 miles wide , at least . Why can 't we just drop some depth charges and blow the damn things up ? We can 't risk dispersing it any more . Besides , there 's a lot we can learn here . If we set up an unmanned monitoring station , we can keep our eyes on the wreckage 24-seven . Right , but we should also start collecting more samples . Find out if it was an accident or part of their plan . What , you mean like bio-form the people , terra-form the planet ? Looks that way . You said you found out something about the other wreckage ? I had a guy from Naval Intelligence analyze the images . It 's a Kilo-class submarine . North Korean . Is that the same sub that was chasing the Big Horn before it went down ? Apparently so . Any record of it making a distress call ? Haven 't you heard ? North Korea has outlawed distress . Any idea what happened to it ? Not yet . Maybe the better question is who happened to it . How late are you working ? Oh , I 'm not working . I 'm unwinding . How does one do that exactly ? You know , I 've been thinking about what you said ... about me needing to talk to someone . I 'm glad to hear it . And I realized there are only five people on the planet who actually understand what I 'm going through . Ramsey and Lucas have bonded to some extent , so they have each other to talk to . Fenway and I , you know ... we don 't always get along . Cavennaugh 's the international man of mystery ; his personal life is classified . So , by process of elimination ... You really do suck at unwinding . I really do . I 'm all ears . Thanks .
