 In 2025 , the world 's population has exceeded 10 billion . All the earth 's resources have been exhausted . Therefore , the countries which have space technology remodeled other planets to resemble the earth allowing humans to migrate . The largest quest of the century started - that is , the Mars Terraforming Plan . [ First Attempt Successful ! ] However , this plan will force yet another trial upon the human race ... Something that no one knows about yet . # hf-network subbing division presents : NEGADON - the Monster from Mars [ Celebrating Showa 100 years ( 2025 ) ] ... up next , in news relating to terraforming , the spaceship which shuttles between Mars and the Earth , the transportation ship Izanami ... will dock at the seventh space port in Shizuoka Prefecture 's Fuji City at noon tomorrow . For the purposes of transporting underground mineral resources of Mars to the earth , Izanami 's construction started in 2010 and it was launched in 2017 . From when it first started operating in space ... [ July the Sixth ] this is its eighth return to Earth . This time , it carries what it excavated from the ancient ruins in Mars - reported to be a huge cocoon-like object . The IMDO - International Mars Development Organisation is extremely interested in carrying out an investigative analysis is extremely interested in carrying out an investigative analysis The weather report will follow these commercials ... Sensei . Don 't you think you have ignored the requests of the army ? It 's been ten years ... and this is what you have to say ? The situation today is different from ten years ago . The robot is necessary for terraforming ... and the army has admitted it needs it as a weapon . Isn 't this your once-in-a-lifetime chance for a comeback ? You see , I am ... not trying to be obstinate . I am just no longer interested in things like technology and science . [ To Be Oneself ] [ Old / The Past ] I 'm sorry ... but can you go back ? You 've changed , haven 't you . You are a different person from the Dr Narazaki whom I worked under in the laboratory . [ Certificate of Appreciation ] However , can people so easily throw away their hearts and wills ? It seems you didn 't hear me . Please go away . This is regrettable But please contact me if you change your mind . Now then . Those things ... I threw them away and they disappeared ten years ago . Emi , if this robot is completed , the world will change greatly . Not only in engineering construction and ocean development but also the construction of Space Stations and Mars bases will benefit from this . Creating a future where the robot takes an active part in shaping the earth , sea and space is Papa 's childhood dream . Oh yes ! Father , have you read the letter yet ? Oh ... sorry ! I put it in the pocket of my jacket and forgot about it . Really ... ! Sensei , the output is not steady . It 's best not to overstress it . If an unfortunate accident should occur it would be a large disaster . [ Normal ] [ Internal Abnormality ] Sensei ... this is BAD ! Emi ! If I hadn 't created the robot ... Why was it not I but Emi ? [ July the Seventh ] [ Izanami ] ( " Welcome " ) Hey , look at this ! What the heck is this ? ! D ... do something ! How the fuck ? ! Eh ? ! ARGH ! In news just in , Space Ship Izanami has just crashed into the vicinity of the 25th district in Tokyo . The cause of the crash and the damage incurred remains as yet unknown . Oh ! Live footage from the crash site has just come in . We can see something from amidst the smoke the remains of the Izanami ? It ... it moves ! It moved ... What on earth is this ? It 's not remains from the crash ... It 's some kind of creature ! Unbelievable ! It is surfacing ! It seems to be 10 ... no , 20 storeys high ! I ... It 's shot something out ! ARGH ! [ Signal Lost . Services will resume shortly . ] As much as possible , avoid attacking in densely populated areas All weapons free . Roger that . The target is moving east along the Koshu highway . Don 't allow it to move any further . Affirmative . Confirm target sighted . The defense department 's attack on the monster seems to have been totally ineffective . Look at this , the damage keeps expanding . Modern weapons are no match for it . It 's been buried in Mars for hundreds of millions of years just waiting for this moment . The monster has moved to the center of the city district . Should the army be unable to stop the monster 's progress ... it will reach Setagaya Ward at 9am and probably get to Chiyoda Ward by 11 o 'clock An evacuation order has been issued for the citizens of Tokyo 26th district and surrounding areas . Those who have not yet evacuated Please follow officials ' directions and move quickly . In addition all public transport in Tokyo has been suspended . Man always causes its own misfortune with its own hands . By the time we realize what we have done , it 's too late . Why ... do we not understand that ? [ To : Papa ] I 've made you wait long enough . Launch ! Please look at this ! Suddenly , a giant robot has emerged ... What on earth could this be ? ! The robot is heading in the direction of the monster . Where is this robot from ... - ... and what is its goal ? - That is ... ! Mi-6 2nd Prototype ! Who is it ? It is I , Yoshizawa ... Sensei , please stop this stupid course of action ! Do you even understand what you are doing ? Your enemy is an alien monster ! Your chances are one in ten thousand ! Don 't you dare talk . This is my fight . Take your wife and children and run to a safe place . But ... ! Sensei ! GODDAMN IT ! For ten years ... I might have been waiting for you ... Come at me from wherever . I 'll take you on ! What ? ! ARGH ! Damn you , you low-life organism ! Yoshizawa , even if you should forget about me ... Do not forget the will of your heart ! This is my last work as a scientist ! With this , it 's alright , isn 't it ? Emi ... End # In the deep blue sky # # the hot air advertising balloon floated . # # The twirling dream of white and red # # The scenery of memories # # The small Ferris wheel on the rooftop # # I want to go on it with my father # # At last , after so long # # to go out together , with everyone . # # Although it all seems like a dream # # Various things have happened . # # The rain has stopped falling for eternity # # It 's OK even if I start feeling the pain again . #
