 Previously on Threshold : Molly Anne Caffrey ? You 've just become the most important person on the planet . Dr. Caffrey wrote the protocols we 'll be implementing tonight . We don 't have time for fear . We don 't have the luxury of self-doubt . We 're approaching the ship . We had to tranq him . Someone 's trying to unzip our DNA strands and reassemble them . We blew up his damn ship . Why come here ? Looks like Gunneson left us a parting gift . Why don 't you come back tomorrow afternoon . We 'll run another round of tests . I just don 't feel like myself anymore . I 'm scared , too . But we 're gonna stick together . You 're one of us . No . I 'm not . Call 911 . Oh , my God . Call 911 . Some good news , some bad . You know I thrive on the bad . According to your EEG , your theta brain waves are still on speed . - The good ? - Your scan 's clean . No tumors or tissue aberrations . I got your blood work back- - no genetic mutations whatsoever . Same with Lucas and Cavennaugh . What do the brain waves mean ? I don 't know yet . Theta waves move faster when we 're very relaxed or near sleep . Beta waves dominate when we 're alert and awake . Who knows what this alien signal might have done to you . - Any more bizarre dreams ? - No . Luckily , the three of you were only exposed to a videotape for a few seconds . The crew of this ship was directly exposed for a prolonged period of time . Their DNA is completely transformed . Any change in Gunneson ? Yeah . I mean , he 's still in a comatose state . His brain is damaged , but functional . But you know those bullet holes you blew into him ? - They healed . - What ? You 're kidding . Apparently , Gunneson 's traded his genetic structure for strength and the power of regeneration . So the six missing crewmen are running around out there like Superman ? I wouldn 't say Superman , they just won 't be making as many Blue Cross co-payments as you and I. Still haven 't found any of them ? We 're still surveilling their homes . Got to go . To be continued . As part of their surveillance , our agents are monitoring all emergency radio calls in the vicinity of the crewmen 's homes . - We got a hit ? - Possibly . Agents at the home of Crewman Thoas Sanford in Gladston , Virginia , picked up on an odd police call at a fast-food joint two towns over . This is a security tape ? Yeah . Whatever he 's on makes PCP look like baby aspirin . Do we know where he went ? He was found in the storeroom with his head imploded . The bystander that called 911 ... she said his face was deformed . - Deformed how ? - She didn 't say . But watch this on slow speed . - The fractal pattern . - The alien 's calling card . We found ourselves another crew member . An American ship is blasted by a signal from a UFO . We found the crew dead , except for six who were missing and another who escaped . We naturally presumed that these men were also dead . Then one showed up at your house . He was upset and disoriented . And tried to kill you . If that 's all he came for , I 'd be dead right now . And how the hell did he know where to find you ? Well , I 'm still working on that one . What about the rest of them ? What are they up to ? Looks like now we have one less crewman to ask . If this man in Virginia is Crewman Sanford , that leaves us five alien infectees to find . Well , either way , it 's time we step up from basic surveillance to a more proactive hunt . We can 't just wait until the others turn up if they 're out there with that kind of strength . Does your Threshold Plan cover this circumstance ? Yes . We 'll set up a network of data miners to monitor all media outlets and emergency response frequencies nationwide . J.T. ? J.T. ? J.T. ? J.T. ? I can 't even read when I 'm on the road , let alone take a nap . - How did I drift off ? - Well , what 's it been ? Five days since we were on that ship ? Have you even slept one decent night since then ? Mmm . Sleep is for the weak . I 'm fine , don 't worry . Human survival may depend on you and this plan of yours . So as your doctor , I 'm ordering you : get more sleep . All right . Did you have another dream ? Yeah . No glass trees . I was at work and I ... I got lost and ... this boy was following me . A child following you at work . Well , maybe we can just chalk that one up to your biological clock . That 's original . - Did anyone touch the body ? - No . Our agents were first responders , showed U.S. Marshal credentials , said this involved a fugitive . The cops were relieved- - less paperwork . U.S. Marshals ? I thought our cover was FBI . The body 's back there . What are the casualties ? Broke one man 's nose and a couple of ribs and the kid he threw is in the hospital with a broken collarbone . This is the other clerk that was on duty . She said she 'd only talk to the top cop . Body of a white male , approximately 180 pounds . Arterial blood spray on the wall , approximately two feet in length from the base of the mirror to ... where we learn that " Toto bites it . " Body twisted . Partially prone . Face mutilated . And then Cal was like , " Hey . " And he was all like , " Ahh ! " And threw Cal over the counter on top of the fryer , inches away from me . Did the attacker say anything ? Not that I heard . Was he on drugs or something , 'cause everyone said he looked like he was tweaking . We don 't know . - Is that him ? - No , Jerry 's older than that dude . - Jerry ? - Jerry Dalton . Local guy , comes in every week for Fajita Friday . Always cleans up after himself , and then bang , he 's the Hulk . - Do you know if he 's a sailor ? - No , he 's , like , a janitor . Where ? Weymouth Military Academy , just up the street . This man is not a Big Horn crew member ? No . He 's a townie . Protruding bone , distorted features ... I 've only seen these kind of mutations once before- - on the dead men on that ship . How quickly can you autopsy this body for confirmation ? Within hours of you getting me back to my lab . I 'll get you a chopper . Molly , hold on . Now wait a second . If this man wasn 't a Big Horn crew member , how did this happen ? The only cause of this genetic mutation we 're aware of is the alien object signal . So either it appeared here again , or there are other infectees from the Big Horn , that we don 't know about . We 're on our way to the school right now . What do you need us to do ? The night of the incident , both the FAA and Coast Guard gave us reports stating no people were in the vicinity of the Big Horn , while it was exposed . - Check their accuracy . - Okay , we 're on it . Your cover is Molly Caffrey , U.S. Marshal . Thanks . We 're going to need enough men to secure the campus and a med-tech to take blood samples . Done . Jerry Dalton 's been facilities manager longer than I 've been dean . He worked hard , never caused a problem . We need to sequester the campus and interview the students . Well , that won 't be difficult , this is a leave weekend . There are about 28 cadets and four faculty members on campus . We would like to get blood samples from everyone as well . All parents sign a release for regular , mandatory drug testing , including blood if needed . Good . Our cadets exhibit discipline . I would have a hard time believing that any of them are involved in anything illegal . I 'm hoping to find nothing unusual with your cadets . Janklow , Arroyo , fall in ! Yes , sir . Commander Fox said you were a squad leader , Cadet Janklow . Have you noticed anything strange in your squad lately ? Strange , ma 'am ? - Odd behavior , fighting ? - No , ma 'am . Fighting will get them 18 miles of running . Most kids your age are playing video games or hanging at the mall . This is top-notch preparation , Marshal Caffrey . For the military ? For helping rid the world of terrorists and safeguarding our democracy . That 's a big goal for a high school freshman . Ma 'am , my father told me , that goals can 't be too big . My father said something similar . After Marshal Caffrey finishes with her questions , you 'll proceed directly to the infirmary for a blood test ! Yes , sir , Squad Leader Janklow ! So , when was the last time you saw Mr. Dalton ? In our dorm , ma 'am , fixing stuff . How 'd he seem to you ? Busy , ma 'am , like always . Has anything happened at school lately , that seemed weird ? Not that I can think of , ma 'am . Molly . Just one minute , Josh . Anything unusual in Dalton 's quarters ? Beer , tools and porno . The guy 's a poster boy from blue collar usual . Check with the techs taking magnetic readings . If the alien ship made an appearance , the signal will be sky-high . All right . The Coast Guard GPS log conforms with the Baltimore Port Vessel tracking data . No other sea craft was within a ten-mile vicinity of the Big Horn the night it was exposed to the alien signal . I can only imagine how the signal affected marine life in the area . Well , don 't bother . It wasn 't Flipper , that went all postal in the taco dive . True , but a mutated Charlie Tuna could end up on any of our plates . Good point , Lucas , but we need to prioritize infected humans first . Well , then I 'll need data to check against the FAA flight schedules . I got a print-out of the surveillance radar from Maryland Air Traffic Control . It 's not Maiden is it ? I 'm not quite sure what that means . The Maiden radar system is ancient . There are lots of outages . Can I ... please ? Oh , cool . This route center uses the newest radar system . Accurate and very readable . Hey , you know , I thought we all agreed yesterday that the best use of my mathematical genius was deciphering the fractal pattern . Um , now , I 'm confused as to why Caffrey pulled me off that project to now do what is basically , uh , clerical work . Believe it or not , analyzing NTSB documents is new for me , too , Dr. Ramsey . But there are six of us on the Red Team who actually know what this threat is about . Now , agents and staff have top secret clearances . But they are given information on an as-needed basis . None of our staff will hear the word " extraterrestrial " . So if we 're going to uphold the Threshold Plan tenets of preventing mass panic , we 're all going to have to widen our job descriptions . Okay , I was just asking . What ? There 's a discrepancy . AmeriSky Flight 23 diverted from its path because of an air pressure pocket . Within a mile of the Big Horn . At 10 : 20 P.M. That 's when the alien ship appeared . This must be our link to Molly 's dead , deformed guy in Virginia . And this could mean we 've got a planeload of alien infectees . I 'm anxious to see our cadets cleared . Well , it shouldn 't be long . We 're rushing the samples back to our lab . Now I interviewed all the cadets , but one of them didn 't show up to give his blood sample . - Who ? - Ensign Jordan Peters , grade eight . Lights out was ten minutes ago . I 'll go to the dorm . I 'll bring him here myself . If you can 't find him , Commander please , call me immediately . I 'll find him . Peters , is that you ? Why aren 't you in your dorm ? Cadet ! This library is closed . Cadet Peters ! Do you hear me ? ! Step away from that computer . Turn to attention . Explain why you have violated curfew . We have a federal investigation going on here , son ! One of our men heard a disturbance and found this . Is this building locked after hours ? It was . Someone shouldered the front door . Commander Fox was looking for a cadet who skipped his blood test- - Jordan Peters . I haven 't been able to reach Fox on his cell . There 's no sign of a body in the vicinity . I saw that mask in a dream . Worn by a boy . Have you ? No . No dreams since the first one . Anything else besides the mask ? He-he wanted me to see something . I don 't know what . Can you tell where the struggle started ? Positioning of furniture , blood drop direction ... I 'd say right at this desk . It 's still warm . I 'll take it and run its recent activity . You find Peters and Commander Fox . Okay . Call me if you find anything weird . That 'll be our motto . When did you last see your roommate ? I haven 't seen Ensign Peters since third mess , sir . I assumed he put in late for weekend leave . He say anything to you at dinner ? Only that he was going to the computer lab , sir . For what ? Didn 't say , sir . Well , you both have computers right here . That 's right , sir . But cadets can only access the Internet in the computer lab . Sir ? Yes , Arroyo ? Jordan Peters is my friend . But I am bound by the honor code to inform you that he 'd been acting strange ever since you marshals got here , sir . How so ? I can 't really say , sir . He , uh , hasn 't been himself . That 's Flight 23 's data recorder . I had to ground the plane . We cross-checked the flight 's passenger and crew list with the school student and staff roster . There 's no overlap . Why do they call them black boxes if they 're orange ? Maybe ' cause the only time they look at it is after it 's charred black . We have to be careful . It 's possible that this has captured the alien signal . I 'll route its data through an audio filter program , eliminate any specific signal frequencies . - How long will that take ? - A few hours . Okay , I 'll be here . I 'm about to interview the pilot . What , you 're not including me ? You want in , Ramsey ? Isn 't this beneath your mathematical genius ? Of course it is , but I 'm also a linguist . I don 't know what you 're thinking , doing the interview without me . Okay . Fine . It was a pretty , uh , pretty routine flight . Um , all I can recall is there was a slight reroute due to an air pressure pocket . It delayed our arrival slightly . Did you hit any turbulence during this reroute ? Excuse me ? Turbulence . Uh , yeah , we had a little patch , um , but most flights have some bumpiness at some point , you know . Gee , I wish I could be more help . I have no idea what you guys are looking for . Maybe nothing you know about , Captain . We 're taking a look at the black box now . Please ? The flight data recorder . I 've never heard of reviewing the FDR for an uneventful flight . Is this a , uh , Homeland Security matter ? That 's correct , Captain . What part of Southern Ohio are you from ? Loveland . It 's right outside of Cincinnati . How 'd you know that ? I 'm a linguist . Wow , you 're a pretty good one . I haven 't lived in Ohio in almost 30 years . A word ? Excuse me . He 's ... he 's hiding something . How do you know ? Inconsistent language choices . I didn 't hear any inconsistency in what he said . No , no , it 's not with what he said , it 's how he said it . Early in the interview , when he wanted you to repeat a statement you made , he asked , " Excuse me ? " But after , when you mentioned the black box recorder , he said , " Please ? " Okay ? " Please " as a clarifying question is a common southern Ohio , Kentucky regionalism . People slip into regional vernacular when they 're either angry , tired or nervous . And Captain Mancini didn 't appear to me to be angry or tired . We 'll keep him here until Lucas gets us the black box data . The last command was backslash 364 . Yeah , that 's it . Rush it . Marshal Caffrey , ma 'am . Brian . Sorry to interrupt , ma 'am , but you asked me to come to you straight away with anything unusual . Come in . A member of my squad was unaccounted for at curfew . - Was it Jordan Peters ? - That 's right . Ensign Peters . And I can 't find Commander Fox . We 're looking for both of them . It 'll be okay . You can go back to your dorm . One other thing , ma 'am . - What is it ? - It sounds silly . I was in the library today and a bunch of books were on the floor in this weird design . - Show me . - Yes , ma 'am . Don 't let anyone touch that computer . Where did you see the shape ? Right back there , Marshal Caffrey , ma 'am . Peters ? What 's going on , ma 'am ? Shut up and stay back . Okay , I 'm back . Do exactly what I say . Roll that up . Faster ! - Light the map on fire . - Ma 'am ? Now ! What was Janklow doing on that computer ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . Did you help him attack Commander Fox ? I didn 't attack anyone ! I swear ! Molly , you okay ? I 'm fine . Uh , test his blood . You didn 't fire your weapon . It wasn 't my best recourse . I had six rounds and a dozen attackers . Plus , they were children . They were just kids . They 're probably all infected . The campus is well-secured , okay ? They can 't leave . Let 's head to the infirmary , see what we can get out of Peters . All right . Hold up . Baylock called . They found a plane that flew near the Big Horn signal . Okay . Let 's take this one crisis at a time , hmm ? I don 't now what Janklow and those guys were doing . I swear , ma 'am . Why did you skip the blood test ? I didn 't want to get kicked out of school for dusting . For what ? Inhaling cans of computer duster . You weren 't afraid of dying from huffing propellant , but you were afraid of getting caught ? I know it was stupid , ma 'am . I heard a couple kids talking about dusting . They said you couldn 't get caught . Because it won 't show up in a urine test , but propellant does appear in your bloodstream . Yes , sir . Then why were you in the map room ? I knew I 'd get busted for skipping the blood test , so I figured I 'd hide out there and sneak off campus the next day . Tell them I forgot to file my leave paper . Are you ... Are you going to arrest me ? - I don 't think Peters is infected . - I agree . I 'm going to keep him here under guard , just to be safe . Can you imagine going to a school like this ? I don 't have to . Any sign of the cadets who chased me ? No , not yet . I don 't know how they escaped that library building . Caffrey . Okay . Thanks . I asked one of our lab techs to decipher the commands Janklow used in that computer . Yeah ? He was trying to override the system 's outgoing firewall to send a mass e-mail . What was he trying to send ? I don 't know . He didn 't download it into the computer . You got a change of clothing ? Yeah . In the van . I bring one whenever I travel more than 20 minutes from home . It 's a good thing this wasn 't a 19-minute drive . Your smirk would be so much more affective if you weren 't soaking . Commencing reroute . Vertical acceleration , equipment position , airspeed , fuel flow- - all normal readouts for the first three hours and change . And then we get to 10 : 23 P.M. What the hell is that ? It stays like this for 4.2 seconds . And these guys saw it . You were right , Ramsey . The pilot lied . Hey . Thought you guys forgot me . What 's going on ? Hey. what are you doing ? Hey , no , no ! You can 't take my blood without my permission . - It 's against union rules . - I don 't care about your union ! - You lied to us . - Hey , listen to me . - You 've got the wrong guy . - Aim at his head ! If he makes a sudden move , blow it off ! Okay , okay , okay , okay . What happened on that flight ? It was intermittent electrical fault . Just a couple of seconds . Happens all the time on these old planes . Hey ! No , no ! Ah ! Listen , it could have been anything--chafed wiring , a corroded connector , loose lugs ... Are you saying there was nothing unique at all about this disturbance ? It created a pattern . It was weird . It was like ... like a three-armed starfish or something . Any audio component ? We were wearing headphones . Tell Fenway to test that ASAP . Yes , sir . Right away . Now , why did you lie to us ? The copilot and I had a couple of drinks before we boarded . Just a couple . You didn 't want to report the problem , and bring attention to yourself- - risk a urine test . Engineering crews catch these things during maintenance . Look , I 'm not a terrorist . You gambled with the lives of a planeload of people . What 's the difference ? I 'm three years from retirement . Not anymore . The pilot 's blood alcohol was 20 proof , but no sign of genetic mutation . - We 've hit a dead end . - No , we didn 't . What have you got ? I started poking around in the lives of the flight 23 passengers , using their Social Security numbers . It 's amazing the information we 're privy to here . I mean , it 's just ripe for abuse but ... You and Ralph Nader should have a nice chat about that over some tofu . All right , tough guy . I 'm guessing you value your rights as much as I do . Yeah . And I 'm assuming you value your life as much as I do . And , if that means taking a look at some credit card defaults to catch these alien freaks , I don 't care . All right , fine . I 'm just saying we 've got to keep ourselves in check , or else we 're the government conspirators we always feared . Point taken . What have you got ? There 's a boy on the flight . He 's listed as Joshua Haber . Haber 's his mother 's name . Joshua 's legal name is Foster . So ? So Joshua Foster is a sixth grader at Weymouth Military Academy . - We 've got to call Caffrey . - Yeah . Are you sure Joshua Foster wasn 't one of your pursuers ? Yes . I remember him clearly from today 's interviews . I have something I want you to look at . Have you ever seen this ? - That 's spyware . - Spyware ? It popped up when I was burning a CD for my friend . When ? On the way back from my mom 's , on the plane . When that design came up , my laptop froze . Did the spyware make a sound ? Not until later , here at the dorm . It was like ... like ... Like knives sharpening ? Yes , ma 'am . Just like that . Tell me what happened then . I had some homework on my computer , so I tried again to unfreeze it . Some of my friends tried to help , but all we were getting was that spyware , so I called Squad Leader Janklow . Was Mr. Dalton there ? Janklow called him in 'cause he 's good with computers . Mr. Dalton entered some commands , and then that sound started . - For how long ? - A few minutes . Then Mr. Dalton left . And the other boys , your friends , were okay ? Yes , sir . Where 's your laptop now , Josh ? Janklow took it . The library is secured in case Janklow shows up . It doesn 't matter . We have a campus full of phone jacks , and an alien infectee trying to e-mail the signal to God knows how many people . All right , we 'll secure every building then . No . We don 't have the time . We have to shut down the power now . Get every wire , destroy all the phone jacks . I don 't care if you have to burn them . All right , stay alert out there . Did we get all the computers in the dorms ? All of them except Josh Foster 's , but we 've got another problem . The firing range was broken into . Didn 't we use a phone line ? They were already pulled out , but weapons and ammo are missing . I was told every building was under guard . They are . I had two guys at that range but , somehow , they slipped in . It 's like these kids are ghosts . I want double reinforcements on every building . It 's done , except Wi-Fi jammers . We 're trying to cut the phone cable line , but it 's buried 20 feet underground . It 'll take a few hours . We can 't wait . If that signal gets on the Internet , in 24 hours , it could reach 33 % of the country 's Internet users . How did you reach that estimate ? I 'm using the Paris Hilton sex tape as my distribution model . Doctor . We got our first positive on the triple helix gene mutation . A cadet- - Brian Janklow . Anyone else on campus ? Not so far . How about Mr. Dalton ? As expected , he was positive , too . His cells are still mutating post mortem . Anything else of note on his autopsy ? Yeah . I completed it in record time . Thank you . Anything else ? Yeah . One inconsistency . You said that Dalton lived and worked for years on campus , but his lungs are in an advanced state of corrosion from asbestos . Asbestos ? That hasn 't been in school buildings in decades . I know . I also found traces of silica in his lungs . That 's a main ingredient of cement . I know how these kids are disappearing . Lots of old institutions have underground utility tunnels . Dalton was a maintenance man . He must have logged a lot of hours in them . That explains why our guys couldn 't find the cadets . Steam tunnel entrances are usually hidden . Ironically , to keep nosy kids out . Any more details from the dream ? No . Just a boy in that mask . Kept trying to have me see something behind a door . Then I woke up . Why would he appear to you and not Lucas or me ? Who knows . Maybe I was more affected by the signal . Why would you ? We were all exposed to that videotape for the same amount of time , and we all had that same glass forest dream . Yeah , but our DNA is different , plus I 'm female . You 're what ? We all know gene mutation is subjective . Then these guys are applying the first rule of military strategy . Get inside your enemy 's head . Literally . I mean , what if it wasn 't them willing themselves into our dreams but us summoning them . And why would we do that ? Well , subconsciously . I mean , if dreams are the way for our brain to sort through concerns of everyday life ... Aliens certainly qualify as a concern . Yeah , and maybe our altered brain waves , combined with the dream process , are acting like a ... like a beacon for them . Great , should I be wearing a tin-foil hat to bed ? I thought you already did that . You find it ? Yep , entire tunnel layout . I think this is it . Like rats down in a hole . These tunnels access every building on campus . We 've got to find Janklow before he finds a phone jack we missed . If he 's down here , we 'll get him . Yeah , I 'll guide you through with the map . Hey . You sure you have the firepower to stop him ? This ordnance will stop an elephant . All right , we 'll comb the tunnel in three teams . You got it . Let 's go . His eyes were pushed in . Molly , we found Fox 's body . Janklow must have dragged him down there after Fox caught him in the computer lab . Uh , power 's up . What happened ? Cavennaugh ? ! What happened ? Down here , too . Dandry , come in ! You okay ? Yes , sir . - Why 's the power on ? - We don 't know . We 're right here at the main line by the campus entrance . No one 's touched it . They turned on the generator . - You have to shut it down . - Where is it ? Proceed a quarter mile north . It 's one intersection past the cooling room . Cadets , maintain positions ! Just spotted Janklow . Sir ! He 's armed ! He 's escaping out the outside exit . He 's carrying a computer . What 's his position ? He 's traveling 20 yards north of the library , sir ! We 're nearby . We 'll pick him up . No , Molly , you stay there . He can 't do anything without power . You four find that generator , and that 's an order . Copy that . Keep going north , guys ! Yes , sir . Molly , we found the generator . Janklow 's in the building , but may not be for long . Just get the power off now . Lay down your weapons or we will be forced to fire . We are armed and prepared to do everything possible to stop you from sending that signal ! We 'll commence firing in three seconds . We 're prepared to defend our school ! I don 't think they 're infected . On whose orders are you doing this ? Squad Leader Janklow , sir . What 's your name , son ? Cadet Kemper , grade seven . All right , Kemper , I want you to listen to me . Whatever reason he gave you for those orders , he lied . Janklow 's very sick . Stay back , sir . You 're not listening . I 'm Sean P. Cavennaugh , United States Marine Corps . I outrank all of you . Orders have changed . Now lay down your weapons ! Ask yourself ... How 's Janklow been acting lately ? Military schools do not want you to be robots . They want you to be men . Men who think . Now I 'm going to ask you one more time . Lay down your weapons ! That 's an order . It 's okay , son . Lay down your weapon . He 's coming in here . What 's the subject trying to do , ma 'am ? Send a very sensitive file over the Internet . Aren 't there guards around this building ? Yes , there should be one on each side , ma 'am . I don 't like those odds . Good work , Cavennaugh . We 're on our way . Detoro . I 'm fine , ma 'am , it 's just my leg . Get out of here ! Stop ! Brian ? Don 't do this . Think . You 're not yourself . No ... I 'm not myself . I 'm better . We 're gonna make everyone better . Throw down your weapon ! You can 't stop it . Take him out ! There was a federal drug investigation at Weymouth Academy , Mr. Janklow . During our pursuit of a fugitive , there was a fire . Your son , Brian , died heroically in an attempt to save the life of another cadet . We 're extremely sorry for your loss . Youth is wasted on the young . After triple testing Josh Foster and his three friends who were exposed to the signal , I tested prepubescent rats . They were also completely unaffected . Doesn 't our genetic code remain the same our whole lives ? It does , but our immunity changes . In particular , the thymus gland . When we 're kids , our thymus produces lymphocytes and antibodies , but after puberty it shrinks and the lymphatic tissue becomes fat . Maybe it 's because of this tissue that children are immune to the signal . Wow , so once we 're old enough to reproduce , the aliens can reproduce through us . Hey , I 'll be happy to give my job to a Boy Scout with a calculator . We can joke , but this information may help us develop a vaccine . Good . Keep working on that , Doctor . Now Lucas brings me to an important point . We now know the goal of those genetically altered by the alien signal . Propagation by any means necessary . How do you feel ? The electric stun shell we used would kill a normal human being . But it only knocked you out . We 've examined you completely . I know you can understand me . Will you talk to me ? You 'll remain here , then . Until you cooperate , you 're a threat to the United States and to the human race .
