 WAPC ( carrier armored vehicle ) enters formulates the position Puts through MHD ( magnetic current ) the battery AH-1 ( armed helicopter ) descends Understood the present descends The complete vehicles build up finished The headquarters understood The experiment starts to launch the conduction current cover Emergency case ! plasma quantity Surpasses the conduction current to cover the fixed value Barbarous action the god two Stops operating the attention observation I do not continue Maximum output How matter is that what ? 06 reports Arises suddenly the urgent event Third tests the squadron to vanish specially All vanish ! All maintain the present situation Standing by and waiting for orders RCV ( jeep combat tank ) understood Standing by and waiting for orders Stopped completely except the wireless correspondence other systems Severs with the headquarters contact Continues to contact - Understood ! Repairs in a rush the system immediately Clear Here is AH Electron system failure Here is 90 Has the mechanical breakdown Which is this ? How matter ? Cao Chang ! Cao Chang Enemy ! What ? Is what thing ? Do not fear ! Flushes to me ! Party chief issues an order to counterattack ! Does not have to counterattack ! All retreat " Samurai mission commando 1549 " According to Mt . Fuji observation station report Starts the bamboo hat cloud from the summer which appears Still has not dissipated Fuji 's mountain top is still covered by the cloud layer Laborious I walk first Laborious - You also exhaust oneself Senior Also wants to return to the main agency on this achievement Only matched looks at the warehouse That now starts Had to reduce the funds Again do not play extra-curricular , looks after business well Was saying me ? Also uses to ask you are the shopkeeper I do not excel to make this Good I walked first You then laborious Breaking off a relationship Sorry already closes I am the health stand Shopkeeper What ? You are the person in charge ? Yes I am called the deer island here shopkeeper I stand the rescue food poisoning patient Before once in here ... This did not have your matter You walk first are all right But ... Goes - That I might walk Such late time how can have any official Lu Daoyong blessed before was the first lieutenant ? I am east ground self defense force the aspect team 's woods three assist I am the land from research institute 's god two ? Also really is the official Does expensively ? Also remembered as soon as the field assists this person ? In the exercise accident dies that 2 year ago matter Foreign is What meaning ? Knew any is [ Solar peak year ] ? Is what ? Sun-spot number most years About 11 years a cycle The solar eruption produces plasma Can disturb the electronic installation Also possibly can injure the life For this We begin to develop avoid this kind of phenomenon the system Uses the artificial magnetic field conduction current cover Change plasma direction As soon as the field assists the third special squadron which is at Participated in this experiment What is this all ? Looks like the dissimilarity which you see As soon as the field assists has not died They are also living How said ? They Scene plant stratal configuration All is 500 year ago thing 500 years ago ? After 3 days Restored the original condition ? Please carefully have a look According to afterwards investigates We determined He is the human who comes from Comes from ? In 1547 The time is the Warring States time Third tests the squadron specially Together with maneuver area Has been exchanged together the time space Therefore said As soon as the field assists them also to live Probably lives in the age which this warrior lives Code number Ou Mijia ? Rescues third experiments the squadron specially the motion Rescue ? How rescues to which rescues ? We This also uses the time tunnel Time tunnel ? 3 days ago The observation satellite detection solar activity is unusual After a week Will have with that event same intensity solar plasma If can use this opportunity Theoretically can create the same time the time tunnel You will take the overstrength special member Participates in this rescue motion Such urgent matter Whether you had considered respects my personal opinion Was anxious The authority plays a match the bystander to participate has the worry Comes your this We also took the very big effort only then to be approved Why also has to let me be involved ? As soon as the field assists the establishment the D-3 exercise procedure Only then you can explain The field can find as soon as possible which for the scene as soon as assists them We need your assistance I do not have you to imagine such fiercely Because you once were As soon as the field assists the foundation F panel members Is the group places second If needs to be able to resort to all means to make first move and get control F commando unit 's outstanding people After the commando unit dismisses You left Self-Defense Army As soon as the field assists them 2 years ago are vanish from this I was always waiting for This rescue opportunity finally approached I cannot miss this opportunity Even if can succeed How can let them return ? Depended on the replace in the past the field of force means Believed can be good Has the time in computation from the accident So long as can catch up with in 74 hours 27 minutes returns in-situ May return to the modern age You said all are the supposition At that time I may stop that experiment originally If stopped the experiment The tragedy cannot occur As soon as is the field which I let assists vanishes Therefore I must meet them to come back Asked you Can let me noon go back ? What did you say ? My shop must open the door business You looked What is that ? Some people call it the imaginary number space We called simply it is the hole Hole ? Light as well as matter In this world all existences It all can the inspiration At first discovers its time The cavern only then the golf is so big In order to hide the cavern which this increases unceasingly Only then established this camouflage base ( to make artificial cloud layer ) Not only this kind of cavern here Mt . Fuji has Japanese each place all appeared The entire Japan has been nipped on the elephant by the insect equally everywhere is the eye All caverns All is after as soon as the field assists vanishes appears This is comes from [ Past ] Attack Comes from attack ? Field they Has harassed the history The history repels us now the time Killed own ancestor to the birth before past How also can have present own If the injury is slight Perhaps also has the recovery the possibility I thought may have such history Otherwise From the field they that time We the world should destroy now These caverns Now only then just started to threaten us Because of field they Has disturbed the historic course Continuing speech Japan Perhaps continually the entire world can attract by this cavern The modern society will perish We must want to continue to survive Only then meets them Which is ? Is for the rescue field ? For saves the world ? Please reply me You are thinking any ! I am for the field which rescues they Only then comes here How now has become the attack which must cope with comes from ? You speak have the accurate spectrum ? Critical time world life and death All when have you also pestered endlessly in this ! When did you say ? Perished well on this world Have please delivered me to the time to go back Only then 20 minutes have had to be quick ! Quick ! Salute Set From today The F commando unit dismisses Whole personnel Enrolls for third experiments the squadron specially Why dismisses ? This is the above decision Thought opportunity Shang Zao Was unfair to everybody We like this dispersed ? As soon as the field assists Lu Dao Everybody like this considers as finished ! How does this calculate a matter ! Shopkeeper Came to come That selects song Mi Xian soaks the abundant bar Understood long Mi Xianpao Sheng Jiu thanks Came to roast the chicken string Waited for a long time Also main point what ? You The plan abandons knife of the warrior peddler shouts ? What matter do you have ? Primary visit I am the beautiful thick country room cane mountain city hold fast to moral principles three families feudal officials The food moors seven soldiers advantages to be harmonious Your well spoken lines speech line I am not the warrior Said strictly now already did not have the warrior to be professional Now above may vanish it You are this meaning ? Why do you also live in here ? Lives must have a faith I am willing for mine your majesty to handle all matters Even if kills people also may Our Warring States time is this May I ask this even grown-up ( Japanese present reign title ) How dynasty also is ? Once decided do not have to restrain oneself When the will does according to you Saw this will become the dynasty to destroy evenly You do not want to be potential achievement ? Only wants to live on dishonorably ? This and so on timid petty people Vanishes in society above Starting today I resign Yes regret Why do you join Self-Defense Army ? Must reply speech I want to realize the self - life Realization ? Drifts with the current depends on others bestowment to earn a living Is now Japan 's portrayal If you were determined realizes self - lives ? Do not have to depend on the for a while excitement Must strengthen the faith Will live responsibly to the future F commando unit 's dismissing Did not mean conclusion It is the new start Remembers my speech Lu Dao This this combat Code number Luo Miou The goal is : Rescue and repair Rescues third experiments the squadron specially The repair the history which destroys We must back up to 456 years ago Was goes to in 1549 The arrival time compared to third experiments specially the squadron late 2 years Prohibition and native 's unnecessary contact Only can use the impact bullet This kind of bullet makes by the cellulose The cartridge case warhead all can the autodecomposition For is avoids leaving behind the trace as far as possible Above the item must keep firmly in mind Finally I introduce a person This combat Original first lieutenant Lu Daoyong blesses Participates in this motion as the overstrength special personnel I am a Lu Dao Woods Mr. has a question What ? Has the live round ? Must equip But only can be able to use in the unusual time Only can in the unusual time ? Also has other questions ? Not You are the nonessential personnel Must pay attention to oneself words and deeds The artificial magnetic field conduction current covers the generator elongation 12 machine normal The conduction current covers the system to be normal Commander the room understood All board All preparation embarks the inspection equipment to have to be quick Deer island your highness Also fortunate meeting The equipment group retreats Luo Miou the team preparation finished Commander the room understood Code number Luo Miou moves the start Starts the magnetic field generator Launches the conduction current cover The plasma quantity surpasses the conduction current to cover the fixed load bearing value Maximum output Rank 120 145 57 Discovers the fog shape eddy current The attention protection flash preparation guards against the impact Here is a command car Inspects various vehicles condition Condition ? Eliminates the wireless correspondence all systems paralysis The vehicles helicopter situation is same Synchronizes watches 14 o 'clock Now 13.59 minute 54,321 ! 14 o 'clock We have 74 hours 26 minute time Each group of inspections equipment After checkoff 1 group of 2 groups admonish 3 groups build the command headquarters Air unit The establishment navigation aid sign keeps the score The aviation marked point establishment finished Good we walk Yes Arrived for a great age Grasps the detector installment Clear Three countries Lu Cao Chang You looked ! Not good ! Do not contact with the native ! The command headquarters electric power normal instrument connection finished The connection finished understood 1 disposition finished 2 dispositions finished Is unimportant Very quick can regain consciousness Is who authorizes ? Did not know does not permit to contact the native Is he ... He soon died Lu Dao Here is not our time That could see somebody in danger and do nothing ? If you self-defense the official to have the command prompt Thanking Thanked yours a moment ago Don 't polite Inviting Abstained The daughter dislikes my smoke taste Said ill-smelling Is that keeping why also the cigarette lighter ? The son gives Fathers Day gift Between the man good is together Security supervisory system all normal Why sets out the helicopter ? Must reconnoiter the peripheral situation The radar repairs in a rush is also carrying on Daytime takes off too dangerously We are do according to the operational convention I am the direction Ou Mijia 1 present position ? Ou Mijia 1 in 320 Here is Ou Mijia 1 Highly 1500 Reconnoiters the peripheral situation Clear What ? 1 o 'clock direction 2500 meters place have the situation Is the day female mountain Is not far to this What in the day female mountain has ? Has a day parent city You You woke ? Day parent city ? On map not ... You are not that group of fellow 's partner ? You have seen with our same clothing person ? Impulse them is not an enemy They help to weave the field armed forces attack steed river My family members all are killed by them Weaves the field ? Did you say weave the field weave Tian Xinchang ? Is he The mountain rushing current two ? also can again approach the observation ? Here is Ou Mijia 1 to is approaching the goal What is that ? The missile has the missile ! Ha Missile ? Ou Mijia 1 returns from cruise immediately Clear Is separated from the present air zone to return from cruise How is a matter ? Second wave attack ! Ou Mijia 1 vanishes from the radar Ou Mijia 1 reply Replies me ! Ha Ha Stopped I to have to open fire ! 3rd local contact severance The 1st area 2nd area discovers the enemy The 7th area is broken through Southwest the direction is surrounded ! How matter ! Here is 6th area discovery large quantities of enemies I am the mouth of a valley helicopter encounter the attack Ha ... Woods Mr. we boards All board ! Command headquarters shift ! Yes - Must be quick ! All board quickly ! Board ! Boarding Shifts quickly ! The direction retreats to Gao Zuoshan Clear Not good Gao Zuoshan has the enemy to be stationed Area this you are familiar with ? The family equally is likely ripe The woods three assist Clear All vehicles with me The lesser monk please show the way to us I am not the buddhist priest I am called the cane to lie between Quick do not fall behind WAPC follows RCV WAPC understood The complete vehicles acceleration throws off them ! RCV understood We are surrounded thoroughly Flushes ! But ... This is the oil Leaves quickly ! Tactical situation how ? Has annihilated the enemy big Our army condition how ? Some people are hit by the hard artillery Not death Is hit has not died ? How is this a matter ... Frightens the human ? Princess like this You also together come Trades an angle to have a look this way of the world If lets your highness see But serious Being all right He Simply cannot care about us I really outside thought goes Hunts interestingly Princess Princess 's temperament is same with your father Retreats down also has 18 Including being wounded Loss reconnaissance helicopter combat car Transports truck 2 Also has UH-1J The detector installs finished completely Knew Remains ... Does not have buries with enough time Woods Mr. With live round Cannot kill here person This is the headquarters order Already died very many human of you not to know ! Only then in one kind of situation may use the live round Eliminates third experiments the squadron specially time ! Elimination ? Looks like only then me not to know The unusual time refers to this You already premeditated ? Is only the supposition The supposition third experiments the squadron specially Attempt change history speech Even if but like this Still could not injure here ancient people Like this gets down We can eliminate We should consider attacks on own initiative You that want to kill people ! Other idle talk I am a commander Command prompt You are big ? 13 years old Is same with my son Your son is also same with you Attended war of the world unification ? Enters a war ? He day in day out knew plays the soccer Soccer ? Rests the tone The electronic installation overhaul does not have Then Has not eaten How many also must eat only then well The body is important I am all right In actual combat Looks like D-3 such to be possible not to be good You Really is for fulfill responsibility only then comes here ? Please tell me Before has already said Again does not have other ? Thanking In very is together dangerous with us After dawn goes home I not My already the world unification the smell Between as soon as the world has the important matter The leaf can send out the smell My father said I am presently study presently sell World important matter smell ... Is not my father I am am sorted Your father said very interesting You may know the tail opens weaves the field Why has to hit the steed river ? Because has the day to lead the audiences to cheer You are say definitely the day which becomes evenly to lead the audiences ? Yes All is called them is [ Gets audiences of the day ] Does not dare on the beautiful thick room cane to despise Also must flatter them Your highness ? [ Pallas pit viper ] Also married the daughter for the letter has been long Enemy ! Enemy ! Dead ahead ! How has hidden the detector ? Report Detector the electric cable is shut off How manages ? Woods Mr. We are weave Tian Jun the day to lead the audiences Weaves Tian Jun ? With field ? Deer island two ? Lays down the weapon immediately ! Forgives you to wait to maintain a livelihood ! With field Why hits us ? With field two ? We are rescue you With field you how ? Reply ! Listens to them to order Seven soldiers protect Seven soldiers protect How handles this child ? You walk You are the demon Is unfair to this is your highness 's order Very big city ! Is not this time construction What is that ? Is likely a refinery Could supplement the fuel All detained to in the living room Has not had for a long time very much sees you The food moors seven soldiers health to report after carrying out orders the return Heard you went the day to lead country of the audiences Is really ? Yes Then Do these new days comes together which with you how lead the audiences are a matter ? Weaves field your highness there day to lead the audiences is their companion They want from our here Brings back to the companion That calls field Now is weaves the field under Field ? Also has such a person ? He is the day leads the audiences the leader Such speech ... He is the letter is long Is waiting for your Lu Dao Expects in the human certainly to be able to have you Field Mr. how matter ? As soon as the field assists us is rescues you Why treats us like this ? 2 years ago We are curled suddenly arrived among the ancient battlefield Please issue an order to counterattack Does not have to attack All retreat - Party chief ! The subordinate one all died The complete equipment all reimbursed We think of the suicide How but did we die have been able Do we fly here are come bring death No ! I resign from the self-defense official now I am I Party chief History ... The time in challenges to us We must fight This time ... Recognizes the strength is only the military force supreme time ! We ... Must survive in here ! Your highness ! I massacre young people Weaves Tian Xinchang Weaves the field ... Leads the audiences the day to bring into line with the consanguinity harmoniously friendly After this weaves the field the influence not to can be stopped Old man I exploratory going to war Under a weaponry I understood Is not a match Therefore married thickly I married a room cane three daughter This same history is same I became now have woven Tian Xinchang The history has the formidable restoring force Generation of our these adverse current is assimilated by the history The history still had to return originally But waited for what our future will be ? In order to maintain the tokugawa bakufu which the rule stops all foreign contact Has a swelled head starts the Pacific War Then is pitiful suffering defeat I will have to change from now on the time Lets Japanese who becomes evenly the time Is arrogant for own nationality I must create a formidable country Saves these Including protects own ability all already the even adult who loses I cannot die ! The red forest lets them have a look Yes Red forest two ? Stands What god two is that ? Is experimenting The observation satellite uses new battery MHD If takes out the battery core Fires directly speech The explosive effect is equal to the nuclear weapon The protector already demolished Puts this induces with the torching Can explode collapses the Mt . Fuji The initiation compared to valuable greatly will forever erupt the big several dozens time of volcanic eruption The entire Guandong will be destroyed all Then Rewill found a country in there us Does Lu Dao together If said according to you changes the history In the that side time survives 6,000,000,000 people All vanishes Can have the new 6,000,000,000 people Is born the new history This will be you so-called is responsible for the future ? Yes Then That side time survival 6,000,000,000 people Defends by who ? Field You tell me Here occurs all is pure slaughtering Old style you this boy ! The god two assists Is you delivers me this world Decides by you How Like this may death ends all troubles Why doesn 't open fire ! Traded you to be able to buckle moves the trigger to Lu Dao Does with us Your reply relates ... These people 's life and death Listens to me to say with the field How can turn this ? At field under time Your I will all be vainly hoping for the glorious future ! In becomes evenly in dynasty Had been lucky they look after They have righteousness to me Please forgive them This I said did not calculate Requests earnestly you ! The few Luo seven soldiers protect ! The quick day wanted to be black ! Yes Really cannot bear each time all transports this stinking bum Is suffices to trouble Did not have this these iron-covered vehicle not to be able to move Ma Duohao feeds the grass to run Not wrong Came back the victory family This assignment does not the bad letter to be abundant Sets up the crack troops On massacres mutually for the companion between ? I look all disgusting Your highness has your highness 's idea Is raising the army is kills the enemy This Congress is more and more strong After soon can look like your highness to say We can arrive the sea opposite remote place Demonstrates our military force in there Cutting Seven soldiers protect ! May calculate hoped you Seven soldiers protect In A your face sadness Because these even adults ? The father only considers our own benefit This not wrong That forgot them to consider a dream I could not rescue them Remote looks at the sky There has the innumerable wild animals to run This is you teaches me The space runs in wild animal eye On all matters are all not worthy of mentioning This saying I also remembered until now I am the space star But do not let me look at the wrong person You knew seven soldiers protect I am pallas pit viper 's daughter Buoys up You get down You are madame ? What matter asks me to have ? For righteousness I want to rescue the day which comes newly to lead the audiences Depends on you ? My enough The day leads the audiences is the letter long dependence The letter long is only a puppet Can flaunt the argument to be fierce Seven soldiers protect In Please halt Here forbids to come in and go out All listens Is princess orders these meal Apportions the day which comes newly to lead the audiences Yes Lu Dao You have thought well ? Creates an any country Foolish delusion Here is the Warring States time The survival depends on the military force Victory family ! - In ! If you won Lets your all return becomes evenly the time Seven soldiers protect Let me and the letter your loyalty Yes Deer island your highness Being unfair to Installs these - Is Also has that - Is Start ! You shunt do not manage ! My line of I believe seven soldiers to protect The lenient seven soldiers protected ? Your highness awakes What did you say ? My seven soldiers protect In became in the time to realize evenly [ Future ] True meaning The even adult is filling with the hope They every one day There is the safe time which we hoped now But we are letting actually that time man The counter historical trend opens again slaughters Attempts to create a deconstruction again the time Your highness Future will be in society all people 's hope The people hope any any ! Please three think Room cane your highness This person does not give a thought to the life and death Admonishes by How should manage ? Takes the arrow spatially Yes Father How matter Takes the weapon to retreat ! Yes Meets the gun - Quick ! Three countries snatch other vehicles quickly ! Clear Woods Mr. issues a decree On the live round we must live ! Yes On ! Party chief On ! Does not permit to draw back ! For me on ! Originally is ... Comes thickly with me The high pear goes to the helicopter ! Yes Quick ! You with the field all is the bastard Do not forget us is the self-defense official I shield you to walk quickly The later matter will give you The woods three assist Ground self defense force Commander Luo Miou team Major woods clear Yan Must win others ' trust the long head to come extremely ! The woods three assist We remove But This is the order which the woods three assist Does not have to injure this time the human Must avoid ... Quick ! Not good did not have the bullet I also did not have Bastard Quick ! We walk - Is Aiming ! Put ! God Flies to me ! Party chief ! Pursuit three army Our army 's military strength vehicles concentrate completely to the city in ! Yes Harness ! To most returns to the time also to have 21 hours Now I am here rank highest As Commander Luo Miou I tell the facts The our army extant military strength was inferior to initially one half Depends on the existing military strength not to have the means to complete the task Originally should return the modern age reto build up the military strength But Our time already is possibly destroyed We now only then 3 choices Either ambush in this time preservation life Either returns the original time Spends together the surviving time with the family member Or ... Rereturns the great power parent city combat I go The god two is waiting for us Even if only then 1 % hope We also must continue to complete the task Some who do want ? Good Takes the stations the inspection equipment Waiting operation order Yes Everybody is same with you Fights for the responsibility Responsibility ? You were wrong I only want with as soon as the field assists determines the final outcome negative Casual anything is yes same Before compares I like the present you But ... Indeed depends on the existing military strength not to have the stratagem which ensures success How should manage ... You hesitate any Does according to this saying then is You shut up The young hairy child also wants to teach your father ? Really is who is your father ? You ask my father ? The bee must celebrate the small six victories The bee must celebrate ? Your father really is the bee must celebrate the small six victories ? I said is Yes ... Historical key in our hand Had We must change the rule ... Is comes bring death ? Does not have the plan to live originally I have a speech to say to your highness This is thick princess gives my speech Absolutely true Laborious Thanking Hi this solid ? Ha-ha makes the ceiling not to have the question Maidservant body fortunately ? Thanks you to care about Is what ? Everybody Do not fear ! Is scared your father adult ! The cane lies between ! You are also living ? What play thing is that ? Your how this vice - appearance ? I have the matter to ask you What ? Amusing ? Certainly Must tell you first me not to be called the cane to lie between now I the name am called at present the cane lucky court attendant now What ? I must thank you Field ... Was you has given me the opportunity I who gets rid Had the brand-new life You have not been abandoned Is for rescue your us only then to come You for me ... Sufficed not to have again to say All already changed Red forest Prepares to retreat The shelter seeks asylum the principal force to Gao Zuoshan Yes Ha the cane lies between Do not fear This is the food moors the head which seven soldiers protect extremely His unexpectedly thick facial skin is coming back Brings to completion on the scene by me Deer island ? Not must be anxious Also has interesting Lu Dao wants to attack the Luo river On Luo river in Kyoto ? The Japanese emperors of Japan are being threaten which comes from becomes evenly The emperor of Japan has promulgated the imperial order punitive expedition to believe long towards the enemy The various countries military commanders do not divide the high and low All rushes to Kyoto to escort Now Sichuan also moved Now Sichuan righteousness Yuan ? Yes Some people will t ell him the near future Slender is killed in the barrel by you Righteousness Yuan after knew this matter changed the position Hired oneself empress 's younger brother armor Pei 's letter to be unreliable At present is preparing to attack the day parent city This city does not have The key is D-3 With field In Lu Dao planned how copes with D-3 You may know ? Is not clear First must replace the procedure only then to be good Pretends ? Is precisely this Changes the rule Sends the cobra to go to Kyoto immediately Assists the emperor of Japan to eradicate Lu Dao At the same time the principal force sets out to Kyoto Yes Old man I ... Also must adopt the corresponding countermeasure coordination Deer island your highness Puts on this Is taking Asked Clear We embark Following Yes On such a thing May ruin 10 several ten thousand human of lifves Might of the startled day May raze the Mt . Fuji Really fierce The human really is great can make such thing to come Massacres mutually also has the boundary ? Time The refinery is destroyed The principal force also encounters the attack You said any ! Overthrows it ! Yes Comes the human to come the human quickly quickly ! Three countries your highness are quick ! Three countries your highness Three monarchs ! Holds him to go that side quickly - Three countries your highness ... I am all right We can cling to tenaciously here Everybody do not want to pass You go to Lu Daojun quickly ! Looks the field you must do personally Three monarchs For you In the city discovers large quantities of enemies Thick person 's happiness all cannot give man Also presumptuously thinks the change history Too laughable You also defected ? Lays down the weapon ! I am 01 urgent orders The complete vehicles return immediately Enemy in day parent city ! Do not move ! Stop ! The history must have to return to original state the original appearance You do not have the right change history Creates this time history Only can be this time person We rescue that child is Moreover you are not the letter are long What ? From from the very beginning believes long on the station one side us Thick princess ! Where are thick you at ! This is the historical restoring force It already arbitrarily changed your this attempt the history Eliminated from the history Flushes to me ! You had said will have to be responsible for the future Therefore I came I am responsible to you to have a look I must guarantee the health I to raise my time Security future Good you try to look ! Stop ! Shunt ! Three countries your highness ! Put ! All listens ! Everybody listens ! This is the imperial order book which the royal government promulgates The punitive expedition weaves the field ! The city host 's weekend arrives ! What ? The emperor of Japan orders us Takes towards the enemy weaves Tian Xinchang the head extremely Suffices the power and prestige old father That is Three countries your highness Three countries your highness Lu Dao in most above Goes quickly ! Clear Does well Captures the world ! I should have a look Even if that son 's competition Three countries your highness Thickly in where ? Your highness Also sorted one to assign How you Lu Dao You want you to look A new historical time After 20 minute fires All will change As soon as the field assists Field Mr. ! The security looked to me ... Lu Dao ... You believed that time Also can be saved ... As soon as the field assists ! The cobra returned Retreat ! With time tunnel possibly also with enough time Also some 18 minutes Not the good time lock cannot open How manages ? We carry off it We arrive when this time All electronic installation system all stopped The that side also possibly can like this Unties in front of you that string Lays down it Clear Princess ! Walk ! Walks quickly ! With field We walk together with the field With field ! I probably could not go back I ... I already exactly sufficed in this time this The deer island you must live ! With field Deer island your highness ! Quick ! In a big hurry quick ! We walk ! City of the city vanished I thick ... Kazak ! Also his mother is living ! Can the good this thing ? Meets one 's fate with resignation do not manage it Tells seven soldiers to protect We will wait for him in the future Clear Sees navigation punctuation distressed landing ! Has stopped ... We ... We only are making up the history ? Has put in that many sacrifice Moreover we also let seven soldiers Wei Heteng lie between Has acted as the letter length and Xiu 's lucky role ! Real history Some who can know Changed the name They defer to in the same old way should have the way evolution But ... Going on living ... This is not the conclusion ... Is starts ... As soon as the field assists Just before the end said Becomes the dynasty evenly fortunately ? You do not use the worry People 's desire will be the future The faith must become at the matter Perhaps also must think us Yes creates by us Meets us - Everybody came We came back Future ... Is people 's desire The MHD recycling finished Lu Dao
