 ENERGIA presents A SAMULI TORSSONEN production ATIMO VUORENSOLA film I would like to suggest , Emperor , that you reconsider your plan . The scientists are comparing it to Russian roulette . What theories we have on phenomena like the maggot hole - indicate a tendency for continually increasing disturbances . So what else is new . Can we pass through there ? Our ships weren 't designed for twist pressures over one googol fluxoms . So in other words , you don 't have a clue . Why 's everybody talk back all the time ? Try walking in my shoes ! It 's no cakewalk , managing ' the whole world by myself . Gotta admit , sometimes I think I 've gotten in too deep . This mess began 8 years ago . My ship blew up and I was stuck in the past . My remaining crew and I went native - 'cos otherwise , we 'd have changed the course of history . The only good thing in the life of the man in the street was burgers . With extra cheddar . Hullo . I 'm Captain Pirk , by the way . - Oh . I 'm from the future . Look , I 've got a ray gun . - Hey , I can see it 's a water gun . What ? It 's a hand twinkler , stoopid ! - Right . I got a communicator , too . I 'll call Info . He can prove I 'm who I say . Don 't bother ... This is a place for people to eat , not for you to play with yer balls . Look where you 're going , asshole . Keep away or I 'll shoot ! - Look , a Super Soaker . It 's a hand twinkler , you dumbass ! And I got a bag of whoopass for you ! Ya gonna get your baggy ass whooped . The batteries are shot . Oh Thursday , no ! Bobby 's Grill . Pirk to Dwarf . - Captain ! It 's been a while . Yeah , well , Info 's been going on about messing with the timeline . Me , I can 't wait to get away . - Same here . Old Earth much more boring than its barbarous reputation would suggest . Just a second , Sir . That 's three hot dogs and a sausage roll , to eat here ? One minute ... Sorry , Sir.These morons won 't let me have a moment 's rest . And don 't throw up everywhere ! We 're closed ! Listen , I 'm tired of waiting . We need to plan our next move . Meet me and Info at the usual place . Hot dogs ! Hot dogs ! Right . I 'll call him just as soon as I can rid these dimwits ! Lily-livered kids ! I 'll make hot dogs of your intestines ! The arrival of the Vulgars shoulda been a new beginning for humanity . When they happened along , they ended up with rock star Jeff Cochbrane . It was a mistake , leaving ' em in the care of that drunkard idiot . Soon , the Vulgars could care less about humanity or new beginnings . Good thing I had a backup plan . But I couldn 't do it without Dwarf and Info 's help . I hope you have a good reason . We may be endangering the timeline . Yes , in fact I do . Take a look at this ! " Lesbian housewives getting busy ? " At this , I mean . What an unexpected development . The entire space program cancelled ! Not like the history we know . The antimaterial power breakthrough should have been announced today . That 's why we have to do something . We 'll make the P-Fleet happen ! Your proposal is in direct violation of the First Directive ! If we don 't , the timeline 's history ! We 'll have to have peace , universal language , tights for uniforms , - and a defense against the Korg ! As the only Captain , I 'm ordering - that we 'll ensure the founding of the P-Fleet , by any means necessary ! Future technology in the hands of these people could spell disaster . That 's why the world needs a strong leader . Someone like ... me ! I 'm gonna be Emperor . One heavy cruiser should be enough to conquer this world . Everyone would be at our mercy . - Unfortunately we do not have one . And we cannot build one without an antimaterial powerplant . But I know where we can get one . Gimme that phone . Cochbrane . Oh , it 's you ... hi . Listen , where 's the ship ? - What , the Vulgar rocket-ship ? We sold it to some Russian scientist type for top dollar . What ? Who ? - Vladimir something , I forget . Where 's this Vladimir live then ? - Chanistanya Nuclear Plant , I think . Who the hell gave you permission to sell the ship , you son of a bitch ? Well thanks the same , you ... The junkie bastard sold the ship to the Russians ! Goddammit ! Now what do we do ? - We 're off to Russia , numbskull . Atomic Research Facility , Chanistanya Luckily the missing Vulgar ship was surprisingly quickly located . It was the only thing on the planet that could let me build my flagship . What 's ze problem ? What ? Bloody Western teknology ! Vladimir ! Ze reaktor is overheating ! Ze kooling system is on ze fritz ! Damnation ! And ze kontrol system is lokking up again . Sergey ! Sergey ! Where are you , Sergey ? - What ? You used to work at a nuklear plant ? - Yeah , the Chernobyl facility.Why ? Kooling system problems , but that 's what you do best , right ? Go check out the reaktor chamber . - Gee , thanks . Chernobyl.Why 's zat sound familiar ? - Chernobyl ... CHERNOBYL ! Fukoooov ! Piece of pie . Make damn sure you never touch the kooling system again , Sergey ! Yeah ! - Yes , Sir , Captain . I thought it was the climate control for my quarters . I was cold ! You 're now my prisoners ! Do exactly what I say , or it 's whoopass time ! Is it a revolution ? - Yeah , you could say that . At last ! Ze Soviet Union will be reborn ! We will be free from ze yoke of kapitalism ! Hooray ! What the hell ? Aren 't they gonna put up a fight ? Perhaps you should just play along . Okay : I 'm Emperor Pirk , and we 'll build a new ship here in Tachanya - and with it , a brave new Empire ! So that 's how it got started . The nearby village had the space and the manpower to found the P-Fleet . Info got the flagship project to lead , I had better things to do . I told ' em to be ready in 6 months , but they wasted years of my time ! I realized I had to be a charismatic leader , so the flab had to go . It was hard work , but my determination paid off . The ElectroForce ButtDoer ! Order Now , for only 5,999 roubles ! Several months later Took your sweet time , didn 't you ? The negotiations with the Russian President had also gone well . My plan hinged on having a powerful ally . Ah , what an entrance . A pleasure to meet you at last ! Sure ... I 've got our contract here . I 'll just look this over ... Everything seems to be as agreed ... I can 't be bothered to read it . I 'll just sign it . Igor , a pen ! We will make this world a better place ! The alliance with Russia made it possible to begin war preparations . Soon , we had lots of gear and troops were being trained on schedule . Come on , come on ! No pain , no gain ! You 'll never make real soldiers ! The moment of truth finally arrived . With our forces ready to rumble , it was time to play our trump card : - the flagship of the P-Fleet , the CPP Kickstart . Lookin ' good ! Tactical is still missing a chair ! Now , we wouldn 't want your powerful thigh muscles to atrophy . Are we all set to go ? Yes , Sir . Power level at 96.3 percent . Let 's go and conquer the world . Were there any questions ? So you 're the famous Emperor Pirk ? This is me , in all my glory . Right ... Let 's move ! I don 't think I 'm in Moscow anymore . Welcome aboard the CPP Kickstart . Perhaps Mr President would like to witness the capabilities my ship . This is an honor ! First we 'll pay the Yanks a visit . Full twist , now ! What is it this time ? Russian workmanship at its finest ! Due to impure antimaterial gas , we can only achieve Twist Factor Two . Dwarf , target that piece of junk . We 'll see if the weapons work ! Nyet ! One moment ! What are you ... ? - Fire twinklers and light balls ! It wasn 't built by Americans alone ! Billions of roubles went into it ! Relax , Gramps.We 'll build a newer and better one . P-Fleet Propaganda Bureau Presents : VICTORYTO VICTORY The beginning of the 3rd Millennium : poverty , famine , disease . Leaders spoke of freedom , but sent children to die in meaningless wars . Mother Russia nurtured a new hero from the ranks of the oppressed . Side by side , Emperor Pirk and President Ulyanov led the way . The road was long , but working hard , we proved that nothing is impossible . We were ready for humanity 's final battle . Our men sallied forth to liberate our oppressed Northern brethren . TO ARMS , BROTHERS ! Together , the brave men of Russia and the technology of tomorrow - shook the old world to the core . Reactionaries were swept away before the cunning of Emperor Pirk . Their leaders , faced with certain defeat , deserted their cities . But Europe could no longer offer them sanctuary . Our victorious armies , headed for a better world , shook our enemies - with the marching of a million feet . Soon , the stakes were driven to the heart of the Old Continent . With Europe liberated , the people of the world turned their attention - to that old devil , the United States of America . They filled the skies with death , and were undone by it . We taught that monster of old the true meaning of freedom . The time was right for a brave new empire : - the P-Fleet was born . What ? What is it ? Get your hands off ! . I 'm your President ! Get off ! . You ... you snake , you tyrant . We had an agreement , you traitor ! No , no ! Don 't shoot ! Nooo ! That 's how I became Emperor of the world . A fleet of warships was built with the combined resorts of the Earth . Gotta be ready if some slime-faces from outer space come callin ' ! Really , I did all I could for mankind , but did anybody thank me ? No , they just whined about famine and overpopulation and stuff . What 's this racket ? Get off my lawn or I 'll light-ball your asses ! Down with Pirk ! Down with Pirk ! So I thought of a solution : expand to other planets . Only our primitive ships couldn 't go very far , and - closer planets weren 't habitable . We did try one or two , but without too much luck . The CPP Kalinka was a cheap bucket - tasked to patrol the backwaters for a few years or until it rusted out . The captain was just the man for the job . Capt Sergey Fukov of the CPP Kalinka to unidentified vessel : - I ... identify yourselves ! - Third directive of Emperor Pirk : - All non-P-Fleet craft are to be destroyed on sight . How odd ... I scanned the ship right before the explosion . It had one occupant ... human . How did a one-man craft get this far from Earth ? I dunno . Let 's call the Emperor ! Now what ? - We saw a ship in Epsilon Ouadrant . Huh ? - Dunno who it was , we destroyed it ! Are you shooting at our own guys ? See you in court martial ! Oww , shit ! Who the hell hired YOU , anyway ? - You did ! But it wasn 't one of ours ! Go tell Info , I have soap in my eyes . I could lose my sight , you know ! And who left the soap on the floor ? Now what ? ! - We had a meeting at two o 'clock . Didn 't it occur to you it might be two PM , wiseguy ? Your expression was ambiguous , Sir . - Riight ... It 's about Captain Fukov 's report . - What about it ? Considering the possible vectors and size of the ship they encountered , - the ship must have originated near the other end of the maggot hole . Yeah , yeah , get to the point . There must be an unknown human civilization that built the ship . Considering our tough situation ... - ... We can take over their planets ! I would have asked them for aid . - Well it 's not your decision . Prepare the fleet for battle ! Capt ... Captains of the P-Fleet.You have been assembled for a reason . Beyond this maggot hole , there 's a lot of very nice space . We 'll take it , by force , if need be ! You have your order papers . - I don 't have no papers ! Fukov ! Interrupt me again , and I 'll have you scrubbing bulkheads again ! You 're sitting on top of 'em . All available ships will be used , so there 's no room for failure ! That 's why I 'm leading the mission myself . There goes our last hope for victory ... We 're leaving tomorrow morning , at six o 'clock . Any questions ? Meanwhile in a parallel universe ... Ambassador Flush , welcome aboard the Babel 1 3 . Yes We weren 't expecting you for ... - Yes May I ask ? - Yes It 's nothing . Jonny ! Sorry to interrupt . I 've got some bad news . This is our Chief of Security , Mikhail Garybrandy . Look sharp , this is an important ... - What 're you going on about ? Lt Kefir took a Star Flurry for a drunken joyride last night . What ? Why didn 't you stop him ? - I was so dru ... dreadfully tired . Where 's Kefir now ? In the morning , I sent a patrol out . This is all they found . Oh my God . - What ? Aliens have crystallized Kefir ! Jonny , this is a data crystal . From Kefir 's flight recorder . Crystallized Kefir ... Scream my rank ! Where did that ship come from ? - Dunno . But it sure is butt-ugly . Could it mean ... - What ? The prophecies of the Minibar are coming true . A great darkness will come , and we 're all going to die . Jonny , you 're scaring me . " The One to rule them all and in the darkness bind them " , I 've read it . Now , let 's get back to reality , huh ? An itching nose must be scratched . There you have it , Mikhail ! We have to trust the instincts that served our ancestors so well . Ivanovitsa , we need reinforcements . Call in all ships in the vicinity . - Yes , Sir . I have a bad feeling about this . This is where it happened . Let 's get cracking . Fukov , you go in first . We do not know if a starship can survive entering that maggot hole . That 's exactly why Fukov is going first ! Oh yeah ? Well thanks a lot ! Message from the Kalinka : all clear . Raise deflector plates and arm weapons . We 're going after ' em ! Dammit , it 's like sailing thru Jello . Info , condensate , do something ! Compensating by angling Hindenburg stabilizers across the ion field . The Ouarton crystals should reach the correct frequency right ... now . Yeah.Whatever. Sir , unidentified craft detected ! - On the telly . They disappeared . But there ain 't no planets in all this red Jello . Apparently , the ships activated some kind of local twist in space . We can duplicate the energy burst , which should open a similar twist ... Stop yammering and just do it . Helm , take us after them ! That was the last of our reinforcements . Now , we can ... Hopgate opening , craft coming through . How many ? - Forty.Type : unknown . Blast ... If I 'd only known when I accepted command of this station ... I 'd have done so with all the more zeal ! We 're here to keep the peace - and even if it meant killing every sentient being in the galaxy , we ... Captain , this is hardly the time . - This is a question of principle . It is my right to make speeches , and I swear that no-one will deny me it . Not an enemy fleet , and especially not some embittered Commander - who likes to chew out garbage scow captains docking in handicap spaces ! Is that clear ? Sir , we 're being hailed . - Oh ... well , put it on the telly . This is Capt Sherrypie of the Babel 13 . Please identify yourselves . They look just like people ! This is Emperor Pirk , Supreme Commander of the P-Fleet . Info , that 's a space station , right ? Is the planet habitable ? Not according to the scanners , Sir . - Shoulda known ... We just came to say hello , since we happened to be close us and the fleet . Where are you guys from , anyway ? This station is neutral territory . We have visitors from Minibar , - Kentucky , Narc , and of course Earth . - Huh ? We haven 't been here before ? Emperor , I assume we have arrived in a mirror dimension of our own world . Historical events may be different here , but some similarities exist . So do you know where their Earth is ? In theory , yes , assuming that our star-charts have the same stars . Another Earth ... We 'll conquer that ! We 'll secure this end of the maggot hole - that tube can 't be too hard ... Emperor ! The line is still open . - I knew that . The day I joined the military , my father told me : - " Son , you 're none too bright , and won 't be marrying into money either . But you 're human , Earth to Earth and all that . So show some spine and come out and stop being a shame on your old man . Tell me , can we beat them ? Given that we have deflector plates and they do not , it is possible ... Yes , or no ? - Yes . ... Mother Earth needs you today ! " Bring us to light ball range and contact the rest of the fleet . ... so I came out and gave the blood sample . Now , Earth needs me again ... Open fire at maximum range . Everyone pick targets and wait for my signal . ... and I know every man , woman and child on this station feels the same . The only way you can conquer Earth is over our dead bodies ! Know that you shall pay dearly for every cubic inch of our space . We will fight you with sticks and stones , or even with our bare hands . The forces of darkness shall move no further ! And if it took a thousand ... Have some light balls . Fire . ... as a shining beacon in the night ! ... in the face of beatniks from another dimension ... What the hell ! Close the blast doors ! Activate the defense grid ! Nice speech , Sir . Message from the Backgammon : Amigo class destroyers have reached optimal firing range . They 're to attack the heavier ships . That 'll show them we mean business . Fire ! Saucer section penetrated ! Serious damage to all decks ! What 's with my deflector plates ? ! Fascinating ! Our plates never even registered the penetrating energy . Skipper , the hull 's taen a paikin , an the whisky barrels teuk a hit . Dinnae scart yer breeks , tho . Gien some duct tape and twa oors ... You got two minutes ! Fall back ! All ships , cover me ! Emperor , I just learned that we only have three light balls left . I 'm filing a formal complaint ! - Quit bitching and use twinklers . The Backgammon is being overpowered ... and we can 't last long , either . The Backgammon is being overpowered ... and we can 't last long , either . Damn , this doesn 't look good . I 'm afraid we only have one recourse . - You don 't mean- - Yes.We have to stall for time . I 'm giving a speech ! Raise the enemy command ship ! Wait ... the station is hailing us . A recording of Sherrypie begging for mercy would have propaganda value . Well receive it then if it 'll shut you up . Babel 1 3 surrenders . Don 't shoot , we have over 250,000 civilians here . What do I care about your civilians ? And why would I be interested in a chock-full hunk o 'junk of a station ? Why don 't you bring your crew over for some shore leave ? You could also repair your fleet ... - Our ships are fine . And shore leave can wait until after we 've taken your Earth . Also , you could personally take Ivanovitsa 's virginity ! - WHAT ? Well ... lemme consider this . Oh , and throw all your guns out the airlock . It 's an obvious trap ! It 'll be all right ! We 'll take a couple sledfuls of security guards . The crew must have some time off . And these ships could use repairs . Figures . OK , Sherrypie . We accept your terms . Babel 1 3 is now officially part of the P-Fleet , renamed the " Praise of Pirk 's Greatness . " And no tricks , or you 're toast ! Pirk out . Dwarf , order all able security guys to the sledbay . You , and Info will stay on the Kickstart , just in case . If they try anything funny , blast the crap outta ' em ! But wait till I 've gotten off . Emperor 's blog , dunno what Moondate . The P-Fleet wiped the floor with these Babel losers . We 'll secure a base here and then go on to conquer their Earth . The crew 'll get some rest , and I figure I 'll get some , too . Go get ' em , Tiger ! ... Demanding landing clearance . Clearance granted in Hangar 1 . Welcome to your station ! This is too goddamn easy . - Tell me about it . Hey kid , is your insurance in order ? - Why ? I feel it in my bones , we won 't be coming back . Nah , it can 't be that bad . - Oh yeah ? Last time it was supposed to be a cakewalk , my two buddies bought it . And that Japanese guy Kamikaze , he 's never gonna walk again ! And then there was ... - Shut up ! You 're hurting the crew 's moray ! Is everything ready ? What the hell are you smirking at ? Sherrypie is SO going to get it ... Let 's move ! Where 's Sherrypie ? He couldn 't stand defeat . He shot himself in the head , three times . If you wish to see the body ... - Well I don 't . But you can show me around the station . My station . Where would you like to start , Sir ? How about your bedroom , you know , Sherrypie promised me something ... Yes , Sir . This is Emperor Pirk . One-half of all crews can come aboard on leave . Oh , and nobody disturb me for the next fift ... hour ! Right , let 's go . VICTORY PARTY Let 's get wasted ! Am I your first ? Naah ... I 've had lots of women , after all , I am the Emperor ... Yeah ! Our scanners should now be correctly calibrated to this dimension . Interesting ... I 'm picking up energy readings from beyond the hopgate . I shall make some adjustments ... Wait a minute ... what 's that ? - Nothing , just a screen saver . Sir , Sir ! Goddammit , it 's a trap ! - Very perceptive of you . The Excavator has arrived with our reinforcements . Evening , commander . - Festerbester ... We were taking this new flagship for a spin , and decided to lend a hand . Where 's Captain Giddyup ? He was feeling unwell , and had to leave the ship under my command . I never thought I 'd say this , but it 's good to see you . Let 's kick those bastards out of this galaxy ! This is Captain Jonny K. Sherrypie . The rumors of my death are greatly exaggerated . Aww , crap . Starting immediately , we 're retaking our station from these oppressors . Men of Babel , to arms ! Defend that which is ours by right ! Brown sector ! On the double ! To the Zicala ! All P-Fleet personnel are under arrest under Earth martial law . They are not to be allowed to leave the station . Our reinforcements will deal with their fleet . To all P-Fleet personnel who surrender without resistance , - I promise a fair court-martial and a swift execution . There is a ship , registration ZEX-51 4 , parked aft of the station - in a handicap space . Will the owner move it A.S.A.P. Activate the defense grid and open fire ! The dishonorable traitors ! I told them it 's a trap ! Me kill you ! Kill ! Control yourself , apeman.The Emperor and half our crews are still aboard . At least we 'll destroy their ships . Kickstart to fleet , aim light balls ! I believe I was placed in command . Kickstart to fleet : ignore the previous order . Aim light balls on attacking enemy ships and fire on my mark . Fleet reporting : practically all light balls expended . In that case , approach to twinkler range at full shove power . Our losses should not exceed 68.4 per cent . I guess it 's a passable day to die . Blast it , I 'll handle this ! Lt Fubar ! Don 't go ! - It is my destiny . Hey , it 's war . People get killed , you know . Emperor Pirk ! Order your men to lay down their arms . I guarantee a fair court-martial to all those who surrender . The P-Fleet will never surrender ! And , I lost my communicator . Ivanovitsa , inform the enemy fleet that we 've captured their Emperor . Cannot comply , Sir.That last hit disabled our communications systems . Darn . So . I 'm no use to you anymore . How about I 'll just scoot off ? Weapons range attained ! - Fire at will . When I joined the military , I swore to protect Earth against any enemy . I have faced starving Martian insurgents and the fleets of Minibar . All this I have done to protect the unified Earth , unified mankind ... Enough with the speeches ! Bastard ! Very well , if you can 't wait to die . Emperor Pirk , I sentence you to death for your crimes against humanity . You will be executed immediately , by five plasma pellets to the head . Don 't take it like that ! Go ahead with your speech ! Ready ... aim ... Zounds ! Why weren 't those ceiling struts fastened properly ? Zucker ? You shall be avenged ! All worked up over some security guy who died ... Run , boys ! I 'll cover you ! Let 's roast them ! My sled ... Going somewhere , Emperor ? Blast these struts ! This station is a piece of crap ! No turbolift , nothing ! You can use the exercise ! Why exercise when you can get one of these delivered to your home ? Stop hiding , you ! Now what 's with this thing ? Oh Jefferson ! The batteries are out ! Let 's settle this like men - one on one . Stop whining , you wuss ! Get up ! This is for Zucker ! So , Emperor.The game 's over . Understand this , Pirk . War is war . You and me , as soldiers , know this better than anyone . But when you murdered my friend in cold blood , this became personal . I 'll see to it that you die slowly , and have time to regret everything . Didn 't anyone ever tell you your bootlaces are too long ? My contact lenses ! - Found ' em ! Security guards to the hangar ! - Coward ! Enemy target destroyed . Moving on to next ... Imperial Distress Call Pirk to Kickstart ! Pirk to ... Sir , we do hear you . Oh good . I 'm in this sled . Come and get me ASAP.Them cowards set me up ! You don 't say , Sir . - They were no match for my cunning . Get over here and rescue me ! Set a course for the Emperor 's sled . - I 'll just destroy this destroyer . Commander , it 's an Imperial Distress Call . We 're moving out . I have him in my sights . One second ! The P-Fleet is not the Planet of the Apes . We obey a superior officer . I 've had it with you , binary brains ! Whatever you may think , the VCR remote stop button doesn 't harm me . Now , perhaps we can go and help out the Emperor . Hayday to fleet . Are your crews back from RR yet ? Curses ! Outflank the enemy . I want the heavy destroyers taken out now ! Oh Thursday ! Yeehaw ! - All clear , Sir ! What kept you guys ? They almost got me ! We came as soon as we could , limited by the performance of Cmdr Dwarf . Wars aren 't won by avoiding battles . Enough with your sorry Plingon proverbs . Status report ! We have lost 23 ships , and have 14 operational ships left . Enemy reinforcements are putting up a stiff fight . Additionally , our twinkle beams are powerless against their flagship . What the hell ... are we armed with twinklers or flashlights ? Light balls seem to work better , but the Kickstart only has nine left . I know : let 's fire ' em all at once . And Dwarf , this is an important shot so I 'm taking over . Sir , I really wouldn 't recommend it . Maybe the range is too much for you , but for me it 's a piece of pie . Computer , manual override of weapon systems . This is child 's play . Goddammit . Dork . I had it in my sights , didn 't I ? ! Sir , have you ever heard of leading the target ? Lead ? Can 't these damn computers calculate it for me ? When the target 's in the crosshairs , the shots should hit ! Child 's play , indeed ! You couldn 't have hit it yourself . You rotten ... Take a shower , stinker ! Plingon warriors do not take showers ! Sir , a hit from that attack would have caused serious damage . The enemy command ship may be a grave threat . The best defense is a good offense . Do something about them ! ... Target and lock on the Kickstart ... Ready the main gun ... Heavy structural damage to starboard ! - Shut up and keep firing ! Their main gun is locking on us . - Well take evasionic action then . Evasionic action Pirk-7 . Jefferson 's jellies ! Retreat , fast ! Power will be back in 40 seconds . I 'd like to know what whoever designed this weapon was thinking . I estimate that the enemy flagship can fire again in 1 7.3 seconds . Hey , let 's hide behind the station . They won 't dare shoot at us there . Finally . And where is our friend the Kickstart ? Unknown , Sir.The blackout caused the targeting computer to reboot , - so we lost lock-on . But I 'll track them down again in no time . Captain 's blog : The Kalinka suffered heavy damage to halludeck circuits , - and we retreated for repairs . Most of the crew were on the halludeck - having a vodka party , and now the door seems to be stuck . Lt. Makarov , how are the repairs ? - It 'll be open in 10 minutes , Sir . No hurry . Looks like the battle will go on for some time . This is cold . Ouch ! Holy shit . Hey , guys . According to our scanners , the Kalinka still has 20 light balls . That Russkie coward been holding back again ? If we ask Capt Fukov to deliver his light balls to us , we can close in ... And blast them to pieces ! Only I might do the targeting this time . Like hell you will ! This is my show . Esteemed Emperor , it seems you tore off your joy stick on that last try . OK.You shoot , but you 'd better hit . Open a channel to Fukov ! Hi there . What 've you done ? Not one hit , but your ship is in pieces . We had some technical problems . Get the Kalinka over here , load all your light balls on a sled , and bring them to the Kickstart . - Come again ? You 're breaking up . Send the whole case . And pack them well or they 'll warm up in transit . Hokay ... The enemy is pressing on our fleet . Should we withdraw to regroup ? No . Have you located the Kickstart yet ? Yes , Sir . It 's sitting next to the Babel-13 . But our ships are able to look after themselves . We shall destroy the Kickstart . I sense these spineless worms only fight for fear of their Emperor . The loss of their flagship will crush their spirit and secure our victory . The light ball loader is calling . Sir , the shipment from the Kalinka just arrived from the sled bay . High time , too . - What am I supposed to do with it ? What do you think , pea brain ? Stuff 'em in the light ball tubes ! " This is the light ball loader , what do I do with light balls ? Hide ' em under my bed ? " That 's the last time I ever recruit my crew from Russia . Ready to execute the plan , Sir . Get us into a firing position . Sir , the Kickstart left the side of the Babel 13 and is heading at us . This is Emperor Pirk ! Any last words before we blast you to bits ? Ah , the Emperor.We meet at last . I regret to say your pitiful attempt only makes me feel sorry for you . We 'll see who 's sorry after 20 light balls ! Prepare the twist drive . They are making this too easy ... but never look a gift horse in the mouth . Captain , if you would , please . - ... Prepare the main gun ... Twist drive ... Now ! Pirk 's cunning strikes again . Lightballs locked onto their bridge . - Say Onara , suckers . Fire ! The Corps is Momma and Granny . Direct hits on bridge ! ... With light balls loaded with 1 2-oz. beer bottles . Fukooooov ! - What ? What ... was ... your big idea ... with these light balls ? Light balls ? What light balls ? I told you to send over your light balls you braindead Commie mutant ! No , you asked for " light beer " . Enemy ship returning fire . - Get outta the way ! Too late . Massive damage taken ! - One twist drive destroyed ! Lost connections for twinkle banks Computer helpdesk went bankrupt ! - Halludeck going offline ! Coffee-o-Matic damaged beyond repair ! Ne 'er mind that , she 's gaun tae blow ! The twist core just breuk an thare 's antimaterial gas awgates . Well fix it ! Return fire ! - Weapon systems are inoperable . Furthermore , our twist core will split in 3.6 minutes . At least we 'll take the bastard with us ! Set collision course ! How pathetic . Our next shot will take them out . Captain ! ... Ready the main gun ... Sir , somehow the beer seems to have corroded all control circuits . The main gun is out of action . Fine then.We 'll do it the hard way . Secondary guns , fire ! Gimme all you got ! You can 't hurt me ! You are a good sport , but as you can see , you are finished . Well I have the last laugh . And it 's on you and your silly leather gloves . Arrogant insect . Full speed ahead ! We have the mass advantage ! Okay , Fukov . Disengage the sucking beam , and break to the right . Sure , Sir ! Emperor , there 's a slight problem ... - You stupid moron ! 26 seconds to impact . - Fukooov ! You 're gonna get us all killed ! Waitaminit ! What 's this ? It 's ... it 's the spare stick ! - Spare stick ? 2.1 seconds to impact ! See you in Reykjavik ! Oh , crap . The situation looks bad , Sir . The fleet is decimated and the enemy is setting up to attack the station . Erm , I take it that the defense grid has been activated ? It would be , if there was anything left of it . Hi guys , how 's it hangin ' ? Are you drunk ? - No . I 'm absolutely wasted ! - So you fell off the wagon again . They don 't call me Garybrandy for nothin ' . But hey , who cares . We 'll soon all be dead , anyway . There must be something we can do . Sure . We can take them bastards with us . The fusion reactor 's warming up nicely . What ? I disconnected the cooling system . The fireworks should start in about This is mutiny ! Reconnect the system immediately ! Wait ! Mike may be right.What other options do we have ? We will fight till the last ! - We have nothing left to fight with ! No ! We have men , PPB 's , our fists ! When they come to take the station .. My guess is that after the last time , Pirk won 't try to TAKE the station . So all we gotta do is keep ' em close for a little while longer . Jonny , you need to relax a bit . Wanna drink ? Effin ' traitors.You are SO toast . Babel 1 3 surrenders unconditionally . - Dwarf , warm up the twinkle banks . But don 't you think it 'd be better to shoot from a closer range ? Beams traveling across all that space would waste a lot of energy . Good idea ! Tell the fleet to move to point blank range and lock on . It seems the station 's power plant is approaching critical mass . What ? They 're trying to pull a fast one again ! Who would 've thought . Gimme full twist ! It 's not working ! Sir , we 're losing antimaterial gas , and can only use half shove power . It 'll have to do . All power to shove engines ! Oh , and inform the rest of the fleet . - Sure , Sir . Hello , Carlo 's Sex Line . We need to hurry , things are so hot . - Sounds exciting , what do I do ? The Emperor says to pull out before it pops ! Fukov , what 's taking so long ? Did you inform the fleet or what ? Yeah , Captain Carlo answered . - Who 's Carlo ? Critical mass in 38 seconds . - Into the jello hole , and fast ! Our fearless leader is running away . Message to the fleet : All ships , follow the Emperor . The enemy fleet is withdrawing ! We made it ! Garybrandy , shut down the reactor immediately ! I 'm almost there ! EMERGENCY REACTOR SHUTDOWN Oh peanuts ! Where the hell is the rest of my fleet ? Fukov , didn 't you reach them ? Hurry up ! Alright . Great job . - You can 't win every time , Sir . And who asked you ? Info , where the hell are we , anyway ? One moment . I 'm recalibrating our scanners for our dimension . What the hell ? This end of the maggot hole must have shifted in time-space . Avoid that planet ! Insufficient energy for shove power . Beam us onto the planet ! There 's only enough energy to transfer three people . Info , Dwarf , get ready to beam down ! Not to worry ! It 'll be all right . OK , Info . How about letting us know where the hell we are ? Hawaii , on Earth . So where are all the surfers and hula hula dancers , smart guy ? Some 1 1,000 years in the future . - What ? I assume the maggot hole put us on Earth , during the Ice Age . The Ice Age ? Now what 're we gonna do ? How about shooting ourselves before the twinklers freeze ? In a low-power mode , I believe I can make it until the 21st century , - and prevent the fateful invasion campaign from taking place . So that none of this ever happened ? Then I 'll be saved ! Hm . In a way.Yes. English Translation by Antti Hukkanen
