 Previously on the 4400 ... a comet cannot change course . This one has . Then it 's not a comet . We 're not sure what 's just happened . There appears to be something out there . The light is gone , and thousands of people have just suddenly appeared . Diana Skouris . Tom Baldwin . You two will be one of the teams that 's responsible for investigating what happened to the returnees ? - We 're letting them go . - we 're letting them go ? We don 't have a legal right to hold them . Why disappear a little girl from the 1940s , hold her for 60 years , and then send her back with the ability to predict the future ? Can I go home ? Home ? With you . I don 't like being here alone . Shawn farrell ... uncle tommy . Hi . He 's all yours . Hey , what about kyle ? Kyle 's in a coma , shawn . What the hell did you do to kyle ? I don 't know what happened . I put my hands on him . That 's it . He woke up . You 're talking about some kind of ripple effect . Diana skouris to the head of the class . The incidents themselves are just catalysts for change . I swear to god . I 'll ask you one more time ... where 's my son ? - Kyle ! Kyle ! - no ! Tom , don 't ! You 're not my son . Who are you ? What are you ? I 'm human . I come from a different time . Your future . In my time , humanity is dying out . Only those we took can prevent the catastrophe from happening . That 's why they 've been altered and seeded back into the timeline . You mean it 's all going to end ? You have to help them . Help them ? How ? Dad ? Kyle ... i intend to provide a safe haven for any 4400 in this country who needs one . You goddamn freak ! Danny , stop it ! Stop blaming me for nikki ! I guess what i 'm asking is if I could stay here for awhile . Tell me a little more about this ... ability of yours . I wasn 't pregnant when I was abducted , but I was when I got back . That baby could be the key to the future , and it has to be protected , and I can do that . Go ahead ! Run ! I will find you . That baby belongs with me . Isabelle ... isabelle ... what is it , baby ? Bad dream ? Same one . She 's fine , richard . We 're all fine . Come back to bed . It 's probably just a raccoon ... who was it ? They took off before I could ask . They left something behind . Someone tracked us down . Who ? Ntac ? Collier ? This look like their calling card to you ? I don 't know who it is , but someone knows we 're 4400s . Start packing . I 'll drive into town tomorrow morning to pick up my last paycheck , and then we 're out of here . Can 't we just go now ? We 're gonna need that money , lily . Mr. And mrs . Sumlin . Peter . If you 'll follow me . Forgive our appearance . As you know , the center doesn 't officially open until tomorrow . Peter doesn 't have time to wait . That 's where you 're wrong , mrs . Sumlin . Peter has all the time in the world . Hi , peter . My name is jordan collier . Just this way . Our medical lab isn 't quite ready , so we thought peter would be more comfortable up here . Hello , peter . I 'm shawn . What do you say we get started ? Yeah ? Okay , buddy . I want you to take my hands . Try and relax . Okay ? You 're okay . You 're doing good . You 're doing so good . It 's okay . Oh , my god . Is he okay ? He 's fine . Just watch . It 's okay . You 're okay . You 're okay . Peter ? How do you feel , honey ? Son ? Thank you for your generous donation . We tried everything . Radiation , bone marrow transplants ... is he really cured ? Take him back to his doctor . Run some tests . Peter 's leukemia is gone . This is a miracle . For now , it has to remain a private miracle . May I remind you that the confidentiality agreement you 've signed is strictly binding . But people should know about that young man . And they will . In time , they 'll know everything . Very nice . Floating the five . Floating the five . You nervous ? Aren 't you ? No , not at all . Well , maybe a little bit . Okay . A lot . Now , you really want to do this , right ? Right . Let 's go . Okay . Says here she registered an ability under the dinstman-lenhoff bill . Some kind of precognitive insight ? Yes , her visions stopped about four months ago . We 're not sure why . Oh , too bad . I was going to ask if teledex will hit its quarterly projection . Well , we 'd like to get started , if that 's all right . Certainly . If you 'll just sign where indicated . Diana skouris , your adoption of maia rutledge is hereby complete , legal , and binding . So witnessed by me , henry biederman , 10th circuit family court of seattle . You know , some of us have to look far and wide to find the people we 'll call " family . " You two had to look clear across time . Diana , let me introduce you to your daughter maia . Maia , say hello to mommy . I 'm not doing it . I mean it this time . No way . It 's just a cat scan , kyle . You 've had them before . This one 's gonna tell them the same thing the last 150 told them ... nothing . There 's nobody in here but me . I know that , and sooner or later , they 're going to stop looking . When ? When ? I wish I knew , but with ntac , the government , they 've got bigger issues than you or me , okay ? Just ... kyle , they 're still trying to make sense about what happened that night at highland beach . That 's all . They 're afraid if they let me out i 'm gonna spill the beans about their big secret ? Well , they can relax , because I just want to get out of you and be normal again , and normal people don 't go around sounding off about future humans and the end of the world . Besides , i don 't even remember what happened . I know . You listening ? I don 't remember ! Just calm down. just calm down . Dad , get me out of here . Talk to someone . Anyone . Please , ' cause ... shh . Okay , okay . Okay . Okay . Tom . Been awhile , huh ? Yeah , you know how it is . Us desk jockeys don 't have much cause to mingle with you hot-shot field agents . Someone feeling a little sorry for himself today ? " The path to oblivion starts here . " The 4400 were sent back to save humanity , and i 'm supposed to help them . I was there on the beach , remember ? They gave me a missión , and what 's my biggest accomplishment of the week ? I convinced my son to take another cat scan . Somehow , i don 't think that 's what they had in mind . Diana , you ready to roll ? In a minute . It 's just we have to check in on three more returnees . I want to make sure we get our reports in by 5 : 00 . Okay , why don 't you keep the car warmed up ? And i 'll be right there . You bet . Vic hubbard 's the best lead investigator you could find ? Oh , no , he 's the fourth one this year . Two more , i break a record . We 've got to get you out from behind that desk . I 'm lucky to have a job here . I put a gun to another agent 's head , remember ? Yeah , well , i never said it was going to be easy . It 's obvious what really happened . Are you going to start in with your negative energy again ? White holes . See , they 're the answer . That 's how they took them , and that 's how they brought them back . Yeah , but white holes ... the second law of ... yeah , because i 'm right . Switch it up . Switch it up . Guys ! What 's it like to not be right ? Am I interrupting ? Brady 's back on his " white hole " kick again . Well , one day you 'll explain to me the difference between the white ones and the black ones , right ? Well , how about tonight ? How about you just give me that thing that we discussed ? Can 't . Why not ? I already sent it upstairs . I wonder if anyone 's read it yet . When they do , i 'm sure you 'll hear about it . I owe you one , handsome . H.p. Lovecraft 's the mountains of madness . Are you trying to tell me something ? Which orderly did you steal it from ? Matt ? Arlo ? You 're so sweet . You 're the only person here who doesn 't want me dead . I wish I could take you with me when I go , but I can 't . They only want me . But i 'll be leaving soon . Very soon . Joanne ? Paul ? What are you doing ? Sex maniac . Don 't go flashing those bedroom eyes at me . Joanne , i 'm serious . Put that stuff down before you hurt yourself . We 're building something . I can see that . Can you really ? It 's gonna be gigantic . Humongous . Rival the pyramids . But some things are better left to the imagination , joanne . Besides , you two have physical therapy now . Let 's go . Building something ... building nothing . Help me get rid of this junk . I 'm sorry . Too hard ? Oh , no . Hey , go ahead . Give it your best shot . Whatever you do , you must be pretty good at it . Uh , yeah , i work with my hands . Same as you . My apartment doesn 't look anything like this . Well , it helps to have friends in high places . I 'm always open to making new friends . Come in . Speak of the devil . Give us a moment . Has anyone ever told you your timing sucks ? If they did , i probably fired them . For you . It 's in bookstores tomorrow . Jordan , this is gonna sell , like , a million copies . People are gonna freak out when they read this . Big ideas make a loud noise when they land , shawn . You wanted to see me , nina ? Are you sleeping with tom baldwin ? Should I come back in ? Maybe we could start over ... answer the question . Never even held hands . Do you owe him money ? Okay , what game are we playing here ? Because if I knew the rules ... i am playing the theory room paper game . I don 't know that one . Well , let me give you a hint . " The necessity for the immediate reassignment of thomas baldwin to active field duty . " Catchy title . Did you come up with it yourself , or did the big brains in the basement pitch in ? Let 's just say that I agree with the sentiment . Tom is the best agent i 've ever worked with , maybe the best you 've got in this división . In the three months that baldwin was investigating the 4400 , this department learned more , far more , than it has in the entire year he 's been shuffling paper . He threatened another agent 's life . He was trying to protect his son , who these future people , whoever they are , chose as their spokesman . That 's not to mention that his nephew shawn is one of the 4400 . All of which sound like major conflicts of interest to me . That 's not what dennis ryland believed . Dennis ryland is no longer in charge here . Maybe you should call washington and talk to him . I don 't have to call washington . They 've got me on speed dial . Congressmen , senators , committee chairs , subcommittee chairs , all of them looking to this department , to me , for answers . Which is why you can 't keep an agent like tom baldwin on the shelf . He 's a major player in this case . He 's maybe the major player . See , funny , that 's exactly what it says in this paper . Maybe marco had me check it for typos . Uh , the next time that you want to send me a message , put your own name on it . Mr. Walcott ! Get down from there ! Arlo ! Mr. Walcott , get down from there ! Arlo ! You heard the man ! Mr. Walcott , get down from there this instant ! I 'm calling security if you don 't come down right now . Arlo ! This is your last chance . What the hell are you doing up there ? I got it . Arlo ! Arlo , this is your last warning . Arlo , please ! Be careful ! I 'm coming down . Arlo , be careful ! Watch what you 're doing . I got it . I got it . Oh , oh ... oh , my god . Oh , my god ! No ! Lily , i 'm home . Lily , relax . We don 't have to leave . Some nut papered the entire town with these things . He wasn 't singling us out . Well , i still think we should go . I was scared last night too , but did you read this ? It 's a rant , not a witch hunt . Maybe , but richard , we still don 't feel safe here anymore . You mean isabelle doesn 't feel safe . Richard , we 've gone over this a dozen times . I don 't know why she talks to me and not to you . " Talks ? " Communicates . Whatever . Did she happen to mention where we should go ? Does she have a place picked out , or will she know it when she sees it ? We can find the town . We already did . Right here . Isabelle is six months old . I know she 's a special kid , but we 're still her parents . We make decisions for her . She doesn 't make them for us . I know . It 's time we get out of here . You 're right . You 're absolutely right . We 're staying put . Maia ? Party time . Macaroni and cheese , mashed potatoes , and white bread . Everything I like . The only things you 'll eat . You 've got to promise me that you 'll outgrow this phase soon . Mommy , how do you make this taste so good ? Well , it 's a hidden talent , i guess . You just called me " mommy . " You 're my mom now , right ? Now and forever . I like that . Me too . So do you think i 'll ever go back to school ? Weren 't you just telling me you got , like , a 97 on your math test ? Not home-school . Real school , with a playground , and recess . Well , sure you will ... you know , when you get a bit older . How much older ? I 'm not seeing things that are going to happen anymore , so it should be okay for me to be around other kids . I think i 'd be happy at school . Aren 't you happy now ? I 'm glad you 're my mom for real , but I could still use a ... like , friend or two . More mac and cheese , please . Just a little . Sign this . What is it ? Your letter of resignation . I thought I was being reassigned to field duty . You are , effective immediately . I need results . We have a high-priced collection of sheepskin in the basement that tells me you 're the best way to get them , so i 'm willing to take a risk , but I need some insurance . This . I left the date blank . You cross the line , i fill it in . Fair enough . Good . Here , look at this . Tess doerner . Diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia at the age of 15 . Disappeared from abendson psychiatric hospital in april of 1955 . Let me guess , they sent her back without bothering to cure her . Curing people was not part of their agenda . We just got a call from the c.a. Over at the hospital . One of their orderlies is dead . He claims that there 's some kind of connection . So ... we 'll check it out . Hold on . There 's still one piece of business we need to get straight . You 're setting conditions ? This is your new house ? It 's yours too . Well , all your stuff is here . I ... kind of looks like our old place , huh ? Well , i tried , anyway . Only one thing missing . Mom . Yeah , i know . Sometimes I can 't believe she 's not here , either , but we tried , kyle . You know , we really tried to make it work . I wish you both would have tried a little harder . I 'm sorry . It 's just ... you know , when something terrible happens to a family , like when you were in the hospital , it can ... bring people closer together , or drive them apart . Your mom and me ... i 'll have to call her , let her know i 'm out of quarantine . Yeah , you should do that . You know , it 'd make her really happy . Shawn 's gonna freak out too . What ? You know i 'm gonna go see him , right ? You 're a good cousin . Just don 't expect too much . You know , people change in four years . I can 't believe you 're standing here . I 've been looking forward to this moment for too long . Hey , you remember how we used to love to go to the batting cages ? You never could hit that curve ball . Me ? No , it was you , and I got plenty of quarters saved up , so ... maybe we should stop off at the driving range too . You want to learn how to play golf ? I used to beg to teach you . Lot of things I want to try now , dad . You make a list . You want it , and we 'll do it . Anything . You can show me tonight , okay ? You 're leaving ? I just got here . It 's my job , buddy . Now , get started on that list . You people take your arts and crafts seriously , don 't you ? You 're sure tess drew this before they started building ? She made her first sketch two weeks ago . That thing started going up yesterday . And you think that the orderly who died is connected to all of this ? Arlo was on the ledge of " b " building , prying loose a weather vane . I believe it was this weather vane . So why don 't you just confine all the other patients to their rooms ? Well , i 've been tempted , but this kind of cooperative behavior , it 's unheard of with these illnesses . Besides , i wanted you to get a look at that thing before we tore it down again . It 's all right , kevin . They 're just here to talk to tess . He 's very protective of her . She 's his only friend in here . Really , it 's okay . I 'll just let her know you 're coming . Great . We saw some of the pictures you did , tess . They 're really good . They 'll hear you . There 's microphones in the walls . They broadcast by satellite to the submarines . Who does ? The doctors . The doctors here in the hospital ? Some of them are in the hospital . Some of them are stationed on the submarine . All right , we 'll just talk really softly . They took my crayons away , but they 're too late . Yeah ? Why 's that ? Because it 's gonna get built anyway . They want me to get in touch with them . That 's why they put the plans in my head . Uh , now , are we talking about the doctors here in the hospital or the doctors under the sea ? Neither . We 're talking about the people who took me , stupid . So the people who took you ... they want the patients here to build that tower ? They 'll do anything to get me back . They like me . Did you ask the other patients for help , tess ? I don 't like talking to them . They 're crazy . Was arlo crazy ? I never thought he was ... but maybe crazy is catching . So my first day back , and what 's going on ? Nothing much . Just a bunch of mental patients building a machine to contact the future . Well , that 's what tess thinks , anyway . She also thinks there are doctors stationed under the pacific ocean , listening to a radio broadcast of her private conversations . Could be some kind of collective hysteria . Doesn 't explain this guy arlo , though . He 's a middle-aged hospital orderly whose wife just left him . It could have been suicide . lost his nerve at the last minute , tried to grab the weather vane . I wonder how long it is since marco got some sun , you know ? I was thinking we could bring him down to have a look at that thing they 're building . A road trip for marco ? He goes outside , tom , but , you know , we could have some sunblock handy . It would be something , though , huh ? If she could actually do it . Contact the future . Tess is right . Maybe crazy is catching . He was dictating a letter . I don 't know what happened . He just grabbed his head and started screaming . Wait outside . Now . Hold still . Hold still . Thanks . Thank you . They 're getting worse . Jordan ... they 're coming more often too . You okay ? I 'm fine . I don 't get it . I don 't get why these attacks keep coming back . I 've cured ... emphysema , leukemia ... broken bones ... that baby really kicked your ass . Well , you just remember that when we find richard and lily . You u und pretty confident , jordan , but it 's been a year . Sometimes I forget they 're still out there . I never forget , and neither do the men i 'm paying to find them . Okay , but if I were you , i wouldn 't want to be in the same time zone as that kid . If you two meet up again , it might just finish you off . I have my reasons . Now , get some rest , okay ? All right . Big day tomorrow . In breaking news , a revelation about the origins of the 4400 . In his newly published autobiography , former real estate mogul jordan collier claims that the 4400 were abducted by human beings from the future . The book contains copies of classified government memoranda that collier says prove his claims . The documents are said to come from an anonymous source within the national threat assessment command . According to collier , the 4400 were returned to avert a catastrophe that threatens the survival of mankind . Why didn 't you tell me ? Collier charges that the government has had this information for more than a year , but has kept it secret in an effort to avert a public panic . The government claims that the documents are purely speculative and have been quoted out of context . Don 't care who took them . Don 't care who sent them back . The government should have kept them behind bars . Didn 't you hear what the man said ? They 're here to save the world . What do you expect him to say ? He 's one of them . You 're awful quiet . I deal in facts ... and the fact is , i 've got to flesh the ... before lunch . You 'll be happy to hear that mr . Collier 's anonymous source is anonymous no more . Agent hubbard will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law . So , what about collier ? Guy bought national secrets on the black market . I 'm sure we 'd all like to see collier charged with treason , but it 's unlikely . I doubt we 'll be able to trace the payments directly to him . Now , as for this so-called " 4400 center , " round-the-clock surveillance is in effect until further notice . I want pictures of everyone who comes within a hundred yards of that place . Is it true that collier 's filing for tax-exempt status ? Apparently . He 's turning the 4400 into some kind of religion ? More like a cult . Well , " cult " is what the big congregation calls the little congregation . Cult , religion , whatever . What 's he basing it on ? Have you read this thing ? Collier claims that he can unlock the 4400 within anybody . So he expects a guy punching a clock in pittsburgh to believe he has some kind of latent superpower ? Most of the 4400 don 't even have those kinds of abilities . Not yet , anyway . No , but if you thought there was a chance that you had an ability locked away inside you ... you sound like you 're ready to sign up . No , but I wouldn 't blame anyone for being curious . We keep telling the public that biologically , the 4400 aren 't any different than the rest of us . They haven 't been altered genetically , neurologically ... as far as we can tell , but if collier thinks people are just going to sign their lives and their life savings over to some metaphysical pyramid scheme , then ... he 's in for a rude awakening . Welcome to the center . My name 's devon . What 's yours ? Kyle . Nice to meet you , kyle . Can I sign you up for a tour ? Uh , thanks . I 'm just looking for my cousin . Shawn farrell ? I 'm sorry . Mr. Farrell 's not available right now . Could you tell him kyle 's looking for him ? He does live here , right ? I 'm afraid policy prohibits me from discussing our membership . I 'm not looking for a discussión . I just want to say hi to my cousin . If you 'd leave your name ... i 'm not leaving anything . What is the problem here ? There 's no problem . Then tell shawn i 'm here ! If he doesn 't want to see me , fine , but that 's up to him , right ? Would you lower your voice , please ? Look , i 've got nothing against you . Personally , i hope the pod people return your body to you someday . If it 's all the same , i 'll find shawn myself . This way , sir . Get your hands off me ! You have to leave . You guys didn 't tell me this thing was so big . It wasn 't . Not yesterday . And those don 't look like patients to me . They 're not . Dr. Clayton . I know what you 're going to say . We 're falling behind . We 'll make up the time this afternoon . So is the entire hospital working on this thing ? It 's the only way to get it done . Excuse me . Uh , randy , winston , we need a little help here . Dr. Cho 's back there with the satellite dish . Okay . So first the patients , now the staff . If this is some kind of mass hysteria , it 's spreading . Who does daddy love ? Mommy ... and isabelle . Yes , he does . You know what he sees when he looks at you ? A beautiful baby . Yes , he does . But mommy sees much more than that , and you know why ? Because you communicate with mommy . But you never talk to daddy . So how about it ? Anything you want to say to daddy ? Huh ? Because i 'm listening . Okay , then . Guess i 'm left to muddle along all alone . Richard . We got to get a copy of that book . I want to read it . You and me both , but I checked in town . They won 't have any copies till tomorrow . I don 't know about you , but I kind of got used to the idea we 'd never know where she came from . Well , if we went to the future , at least we came back with a souvenir . The people who took us , they made all this happen , right ? They saw to it that we got isabelle . They must have something in mind for her . I have something in mind for her too ... a normal life . Sounds good , but we left normal behind a long time ago . This is outrageous ! We have work to finish here . Important work . The doctors want to work . Tell them to make their rounds . No one 's stopping them from taking care of their patients . But the courtyard and the tower are off-limits , you got it ? Got it . Man , look at the size of that thing . Wouldn 't mind having one of those in my backyard , huh ? Road trip 's over . Wait in the car . So yesterday , a few patients were compelled to work on this thing , and today it 's the entire hospital . If we get tess out of here , do you think this compulsión will fade ? I don 't know . It 's worth a try , isn 't it ? All right , i got you . It 's okay . I 'm not a bad person . I 'm not . No , no , no one 's saying you are , tess . Then why are you going to stick wires in my brain ? I promise , tess . No one 's going to hurt you . That 's what everyone says , right before they hurt you . Why am I being punished ? I 'm a good person . Really . I 'm only doing what they want . Guys ! Guys ! Get over here ! Kevin ! Kevin ... okay , tess . Let 's go . Come on . Come on . It 's all right . Kevin ... do you have a seven ? Go fish . I am so sorry i 'm late . Who do we have here ? This is carrie . She lives downstairs . The u.p.s. Man left their package with us by mistake , and when her mom came to get it , carrie was with her , and now i 'm invited to her birthday party , and it 's a sleep-over . I can go , right ? Hi , carrie . I 'm diana . It 's nice to meet you . Nice to meet you . I already said it 's okay . Well , i think we should probably talk to carrie 's mom first , don 't you ? Oh , look , you know what ? It sounds fine to me . Thank you , thank you , thank you , thank you . You never told me I was a prisoner . Have you ever seen a prison cell , shawn ? It looks nothing like your apartment . Goddammit , jordan , since when do you decide who I see and talk to ? This is about your cousin , isn 't it ? So you did know he was here . I know he was rude and aggressive , and had to be escorted from the premises . You mean thrown out . It might have been handled more smoothly , shawn , but all in all , i 'd have to say it was for the best . Kyle is my friend . He was your friend . look , a year ago , you came to me looking for a new life , your old one in shambles . Kyle , friend or not , is part of that old life . So what do you want me to do ? You just want me to cut him loose and forget he exists ? He 's no different than your mother , your brother , or your friend nikki . Don 't you ... they do not understand what it is we 're trying to accomplish here . You know , maybe I don 't either . Well , then , i suggest you pack your bags and ... leave . So , what happens next time you start screaming out in pain ? Do what 's right for you , shawn . I 'll take care of myself . I just got the full medical workup on tess . Let me guess ... physically normal across the board . You can say this for the 4400 ... they 're consistent . Tess draws a picture of a ... a tower , or a monument ... yeah , or a beacon ... and the people around her drop everything and start building it . Well , they can 't help themselves . They have to work . It 's like ants . Come here . The queen secretes a chemical , tells the other ants what to do . The drones don 't stop working until the job is done . Doesn 't matter if one of them dies , or if a storm comes and washes away the anthill . They just keep working ... unless you take the queen away . Let 's hope our drones respond the same way . Right , so the future sent back a schizophrenic queen ant with a blueprint for what , some interstellar walkie-talkie ? Let 's see what tess can tell us . We 'd just better not get too close , because if your theory 's right , anyone who gets exposed to her could be vulnerable . All right , i 'll talk to tess . You check in with garrity at the hospital . These friends of yours , the ones who took you , what do you think they want to talk about ? They 're so much smarter than you , it isn 't even funny . Yeah , well ... yeah , i don 't doubt it . I mean , they figured out how to take you and how to send you back . Sending me back was a mistake , and they know it . I 'm supposed to be there . Where exactly is " there ? " There were doctors there too . They were nice . All of them . They were nice . You remember where you were taken ? We slept a lot , but not all the time . We wore gray clothes . There was a giant building . The doctors wore shiny jackets . I miss it so much . Go on . I really like hearing you talk about it . Our rooms had round windows . High doorways with arches in them . The stones had writing in them . Math symbols or something , inscriptions , jars of purplish metals , and rods with stained tips . These symbols , tess , what did they look like ? Tess ? Tess , do you remember what the inscriptions said ? They 're waiting to hear from me . I need to get in touch with them . Tess . Tess . Just wait ... tess , just wait . Garrity , why haven 't you been picking up your cellphone ? I 'm sorry . It 's been kind of crazy down here . So is everything all right ? Yeah . Fine . We 're just about done here . Done ? Well , the satellite dishes are a bitch to hook up , but we 'll get ' em . Come on , people . Let 's get those dishes secured . We don 't have all day . I just had the most unbelievable conversation with tess . Well , it couldn 't have been any more unbelievable than the one I just had with garrity . Can 't say I see it that way . No other way to see it . That book is blasphemy . Well , don 't buy it if that 's how you feel . " The third ángel blew his trumpet , " and a great star fell from heaven , burning like a torch . " Revelations 8 : 10 . I 'll take your word for it . The day they came back was the beginning of the end times . Sounds like you 've done a little more thinking on it than I have . Either remove the book from the store , or my boy here will remove it for you . Like hell he will ! Do you know what you 're carrying there , woman ? It 's just a book . It 's the doorway to hell . That child yours ? That 's my daughter . Abomination begets abomination . Richard ! What 's going on ? We 've got to get out of here . Now . These new guys you sent us are no good . Park told me he had experience with a welding torch . Experience at what ? Starting fires ? Now our schedule 's in the toilet . Did either of you call the fire department ? Time to go . Hurry , richard . Hurry ! As of tonight , abendson state hospital is officially under quarantine . The patients will remain locked down . Hospital staff and affected ntac personnel will be confined to the site until we 've isolated the source of the compulsión . That sounds like a good plan , but who 's going to watch over them ? The last group we sent was compromised within hours . Which is , quite frankly , a little disturbing , if you think of this like an epidemic ... in the cdc , we 'd call tess " the sole disease vector . " You remove her , you remove the urge to build , except as far as we know ... none of those agents had any contact with tess . So it 's like the flu , or any other airborne virus . You catch it , you can pass it on . What is this thing supposed to be , anyway ? My guess , and I cannot emphasize the word " guess " strongly enough , is that tess is telling us the truth . It 's some kind of communication device . To contact who ? The future ? The only way to find out is to let the patients finish building it . That night on highland beach , they were trying to tell us something . The conversation was cut short . Which is why we 've been stumbling around in the dark this last year . Tess is the only 4400 who remembers where she was taken ... no , claims to remember where she was taken . She 's also the only paranoid schizophrenic , and it sounds to me like you two have been spending a little too much time around her . Well , maybe I caught the bug too , but , uh ... i agree with them . The quarantine orders at the hospital remain in effect until further notice . The guards will rotate shifts to minimize their exposure . So where does that leave us ? Until we 're sure the compulsión 's not spreading anymore , you two aren 't going anywhere near that facility . Isabelle 's asleep . Rainy day came sooner than expected . Do you think we lost them ? I 'm not ready to stop for pie just yet . I got 1,200 here . Another 300 in my pocket . I 'm carrying two . We 're going to have to get those back windows replaced in the morning . This should be enough to carry us through to montana . What did eric say when you called ? He was a little surprised to hear from me , but even back in quarantine , he used to say how us 4400s should stick together . Yeah , we didn 't have much choice back then , though , did we ? The bank will wire us our savings when we get there . If things get really bad , we can sell these . I put that ring on you forever . Guess you and isabelle were right . We should have taken off when we had the chance . It 's gonna be a long night . You want me to drive a shift ? Get some sleep . Maia , what 's wrong ? I 'm sorry . I know it 's late , but maia really wanted to come home . Why is that , sweetie ? I don 't want to talk about it . Some of the girls , not my daughter , but some of the other girls , were teasing maia . I guess she said she has a crush on frank sinatra . Well , ol ' blue eyes . Do you blame her ? Most nine-year-olds don 't even know who frank sinatra was . I want to go to bed . I guess it got pretty nasty . I feel terrible . Maybe maia can come back another time ? Just her and carrie . Yeah . We 'll talk about it . Thank you . Good night . Good night . Maia . I know you didn 't fall asleep that fast . It was awful . You were right . Well , i didn 't want to be right . I don 't need any friends . Everyone needs friends , maia . Come on , i really think we should talk about this . Well , i don 't . Buck 's burgers . Good as I remembered . Kind of a strange thing to have on top of your list , but hey , you know what ? I 'm glad I could make your dreams come true . Kyle , shouldn 't you be in bed ? Dad , i 'm 21 . So I have to keep reminding myself . I 'm making some popcorn . You want some ? You 're kidding me . You could eat more ? I 've been eating quarantine food for a year . You guys might be keeping the country safe , but your cafeteria sucks . Hello ? Hello ? Kyle . We got to get the baby out of the cold . I don 't think there 's any motels on this road . I was thinking we 'd head south , catch the 35 . Guy should lose his high beams . That 's the first car we 've seen in , what , like , 15 miles ? Get your head down . Ah ... oh , my god , richard . It 's them . Hold on ! Hold on ! Everybody okay ? Yeah , i think so . Okay . Let 's go . Spread out . Hey , maia , sweetie . It 's wake-up time . Okay . Huh ? It was a late night , huh ? All right . 15 more minutes . You know what ? Frank sinatra is the coolest , and don 't you let anyone ever tell your dear friend . So you didn 't read any of it ? No . I wouldn 't want my daughter reading my diary . You keep a diary ? Am I in it ? Oh , come on , don 't flatter yourself . So , really , you don 't even know if " what she sees " means ... things during the day , tv shows , ponies , whatnot ... or it could be " what she sees , " a week , a month , a year down the line . She hasn 't had one of those visions in , like , four months . Well , that 's what she tells you , anyway . Why would she lie ? She wants to be normal , right ? Every time she makes a prediction , someone calls her a freak . look , i understand . You 're her mom now . There are certain protocols . Next time i 'm over , why don 't I take a peek ? You think that 'd be any less of a betrayal ? Respecting maia 's privacy is no small thing , but you 've got to weigh that against the information that could be in that diary . You know what ? When you stop trusting a parent , it 's really hard to start again , and yes , i 'm speaking from experience . Hey . I 'm glad it 's not my decisión , but if maia 's having visions , you should know about it , and you should know what they are . Is it bad ? I just jammed it when we spun out . Just need to walk it off a little more . We 'll follow this stream south . Hike through the water a bit , throw ' em off our trail . It 'll be cold . It 'll keep us awake . After a mile , we 'll ... we 'll double back west . Head straight for the highway . Sounds easy when you say it . We can do it . We 're going to do it , right ? Keep her quiet . She 's going to bring them right to us . Does the name " gene pecusa " ring a bell ? Yeah , returnee 927 . Oh , let me guess . He still has the ability to turn 20 bucks into a crushing hangover . And a night in the drunk tank . We 've got to ferry him back to his halfway house . Give it to mortimer and falcone . We got something else on our plates ? Everything 's quiet at abendson . No one 's been allowed near the tower . That 's the problem , isn 't it ? Tom ... tom , no . You do remember that jarvis has still got your letter of resignation . She wants results . I 'm going to give them to her . And besides , you want to know what that thing is as badly as I do . I 'm trying not to think about it . Yeah , well , i can 't think of anything else . So it sounds like tess has got her hooks in you . I don 't have the urge to pick up a tool belt . I 'm coming with you . It 's all right , tess . We 're taking you back to abendson . We signed you out , tess . No one from ntac is coming after you . Not you people . The doctors in the submarines . They 're watching us . What , you 're having second thoughts ? No , just get in . So you still owe me four or five dollars for those two six-packs ? Something like that ? I 've got a 20 right here , if you think you can take it from me . look at you , man . Back among the living . You look great . I walk . I talk . I seem to have full control of my limbs . You still hit like a girl . Nothing 's changed . Four years ? Plenty 's changed . What are you talking about ? We saw each other right when you got out of the hospital . I don 't remember any of that . You don 't ? So you don 't remember sitting naked in the sprinklers ? No . Sounds like something you 'd do . Well ... thank you . I never got a chance to say that . For getting me out of the coma ... thank you . You know , if it hadn 't been for me , you wouldn 't have been in that stupid hospital anyway , so ... no , i 'd have been the one who disappeared into 4400 boot camp . Maybe i 'd have come back with the magic hands . All right , all right . Okay . Speaking of disappearing , you jerk ... oh , kyle , don 't go there yet . Come on . Don 't go there ? Your mom is so freaked out . You haven 't seen her in a year . You haven 't seen anybody . Your brother . My dad . What was going on with you and nikki ? Kyle , i don 't want to talk about nikki . We 're all really worried about you , man . You don 't need to be . I mean , i 'm fine . I 've been to that place where you 're living . There are some serious stepford wives vibes going on there , you know that , right ? All that stuff about " unlocking the 4400 inside everybody ... " yeah ? You don 't really believe collier can do that , do you ? Kyle ... look around us , man . The world is in a total freefall . These centers , they 're a chance to bring people together , maybe our last chance . I don 't just believe that he can do it . I believe that he has to do it . Sounds like someone got inside your head . He said you wouldn 't understand . Collier ? I got to tell you , man , he was right . Richard ! God . What happened ? Guess I wasn 't looking where I was going . Okay . We just need to rest . You think they 're stopping for breaks ? Come on , richard . Five minutes . All right , people , come on ! Everyone out to the tower . Come on . We 've got a lot of work to do , and not a lot of time to do it , so let 's go , come on . Go , go . Come on , you heard me . Let 's go . This one 's mine . Stand over there . Hey , kevin ! Look . I escaped . Always thinking of me . Kevin 's a genius , you know , but he doesn 't brag about it . I bet in a couple of days all these berries will be ripe . Don 't eat them now . The last thing we need is to start cramping up . look . I thought you said they weren 't ripe . They weren 't . Well ... isabelle ? Had to be . Way to go , little girl . They 're going to have to work fast . I 'm going to help them . That 's not funny , diana . I really want to do this . No , you 'd only be in the way . You don 't understand . I really need to do this . Have these sent to my house . Shawn , i 've been looking for you . Yeah , i took a walk . We have a special visitor tonight . She has pancreatic cancer . Her husband is willing to donate real estate for a 4400 center in los ángeles . Well , tonight doesn 't really work for me , jordan . Well , you have five ... no , six hours to get in the mood . Mood 's got nothing to do with it . I 'm just not working tonight . Richard , please . Don 't do this . We don 't have another choice . There 's three of them . They 're going to kill you . Not if I get my hands on one of those shotguns . You can barely walk . It 's our only chance . I 've got to do it now , while I still have the strength . If i 'm not back by sundown , take the baby and walk due west . It 's that way . Just keep going in a straight line . Understand ? I 'd give up another 50 years if it meant finding you again . You knew about this , didn 't you ? Knew about what ? Baldwin and skouris signed tess doerner out of here and took her back to abendson . They 're rebuilding the tower . That would be one theory . No crying . You can 't cry now . Drop it . I 'll cut you in half . Turn around . I taught you boys better than this . Get up ! Diana , how 's it going ? Well , it turns out we 're in better shape than I thought . The fire missed most of the wiring . So how soon till it 's ready to go ? Well , we 've got to finish triangulating the dishes , and then we 're good . Just get it done . Baldwin . We 've got your man ! Either you come out , or the next sound you hear is him being blown straight to hell ! I told you , she 's miles away by ... open your mouth again , i 'll cut your tongue out . Watch him . Lily ! Run ! Are you sure you don 't want to say goodbye to me ? ... last time , bowen , unlock the door . Can 't do that you said you want results . Listen to me bob , when you are not in your right mind . It 's not the results that we was talking about . You step awey before you get hurt . Take no , no , just wait we need a just listen , listen to me it 's a risk , i know . It 's sometime you want to get the tureth you have to take a ... just listen to me . You want the trueth ? Tess sdores the memery ... they are not memeries . She read the short ... step awey from that tower . Where are you ? Where are you ? Let 's get everyone back in their rooms . We need a full head count before the next round of medications . Where are you ? I did what you wanted , right ? Talk to me . Come on , tess . We all could use a little rest . But they lied to me . Or did I lie to you ? Well , somehow I wanted more . I don 't know what I expected . Another ball of light , a booming voice from the sky ... something . Could we have built it wrong ? Maybe . All I know is that I don 't feel like picking up a hammer anymore , and 10 minutes ago , that was all I could think of . I want to be updated as soon as there 's new information . Norad said the pulse dissipated before it left the atmosphere . Could be all this sound and fury was for absolutely nothing . Now , our first priority is to help the hospital personnel restore order here , okay ? And then I want all of you who were infected with this thing to be checked out by ntac medical . You including me in that order ? Because i 'm not sure ... you were infected , because if you 're standing here telling me you weren 't , i 'm putting a date on that letter of resignation . I was definitely infected . I thought so . We could use a little help policing the area here , and we need to get rid of these tools before one of the patients hurts themselves . You heard the man . Excuse me . Dr. Clayton ? Kevin ... did you just speak to me ? I guess I did . I haven 't said anything for a long time , have i ? Try six years . I can think again too . I don 't know what happened , but ... i feel ... better . You had me followed ? I could have had your conversation recorded . I just thought that might be pushing it . God , kyle 's right . I am some kind of prisoner . Shawn , i 've told you , you can leave here any time you want , and I meant it , but until you do , i will not allow these shadows from your past to alter your perceptions of what it is we 're trying to accomplish here . You 're too important . No , no , you mean you need me to help bring in the big checks . Shawn , the money ... is a means to an end . The goal is what matters . Ensure the future . Save the planet . I can 't do that without you . You want proof the future works in mysterious ways ? Look no further than mr . Kevin burkhoff . Yeah , instead of contacting the future , we got him . Well , not as disappointing as it might seem at first blush . Burkhoff was a tenured professor of neurochemistry at stanford university . Neuroscience . Only class I ever got a " b " in . Yeah , you 're not alone . Only a handful of people work at the top of the field at any given time . Our mr . Burkhoff was the heir apparent , until he suffered his first delusión at the age of 30 , and he was institutionalized two years later . What was he working on ? You want a ripple effect ? How 's this ? Burkhoff specialized in dormant neural pathways . He was trying to wake up parts of the brain that we can 't use . Parts that would do what ? Well , parts that could lead to all kinds of special new abilities , like ... precognition . Right , marco ? Precognition , telekinesis ... stop me if any of this sounds familiar . Maia rutledge . Orson bailey . You 're saying that burkhoff is the father of the 4400 technology ? It 's possible . And we just woke him up .
