 We 've read Yu Qiuyu 's " The Messenger " last week Let 's read his " Weight of Thirty Years " today Please turn to page 431 Among the unending phone calls I suddenly hear the voice of an old man It 's my Chinese teacher ... from high school 30 years ago Mr. Mu Ni It was lost during the Cultural Revolution The old man said Can you draw me another one ? For my collection when I am old ? Memories of the early sixties appear High school life was tough but happy The children knew by instinct these teachers ... were under political pressure We couldn 't afford New Year greeting cards We could only draw our own on blank paper No matter what we wrote or what we drew it was no better than any other student We 've already forgotten the way we used to draw We can only use the hands of two middle-aged men to roll up 30 years of sweetness and bitterness to let you feel the great love that lasts Yu Qiuyu 's " The Weight of Thirty Years " Think of the time when you feel the weight This is the topic for this week 's assignment Good-bye . Good-bye Miss , what are you doing ? You haven 't paid yet I 'm sorry She 's my sister . I 'm paying for her Hello . Yes , I 'll pick her up later I got some things to do now . Thanks My name is Yip . I 'm out of a job and I 've 2 dogs They would be starving without me You ran away from home ? Rosa kicked me out We had a fight yesterday I 've no choice cause I was living under her roof You can 't steal stuff even if you 're penniless Do you have any friends here ? Who cares ? All I want to do is eat ! One coffee , please ( Did others say you look lovely when you 're sleeping ? Jin ) Don 't you have anything you want to do ? Why does everyone ask me the same question ? Rosa does it too She says I 'm wasting my time And that she 'll look down on me too one day She kicked me out because of the fight Actually , she cherishes me But she was too nosy and always babbling You are different You are so soft and gentle Sorry , I 'm treating you like my students So , tell me one of your secrets and we 'll call it even ? Call it even ? I 've never left school for 30 years From high school to university to being a teacher I just go from one school to another That 's not a secret I used to visit a friend a lot in Macau She was my best friend ... who became a nun at 23 It 'll be hard at times Just tell me about it no one would blame you ( Did others say you look lovely when you 're sleeping ? Jin ) Cry to me whenever you want to just treat me to dinner You can cry as loud as you want Thank you The company is nearby I 'll go by myself . No need to wait for me Bye How did you find me ? There 're only a few girls ' school in this area You have to read it Hurry up ! Come on , hurry up ! Wait for me It 's raining Really ? Look I don 't feel it . I 'm not a lamp post That tastes sour I 'm back at Rosa 's place I wanted to return your money But then I decided to make you dinner instead How about this Saturday ? You can bring Ting Ting along And yes , you asked me what I wanted to do ? There are two things I wanted to do Find a girl and a suitable job I don 't think I have to tell anyone about this And I 'm not sure when I can succeed I dreamt about you that night If you want to know about my dream you 'll have to come on Saturday Come on , hurry up You live here alone ? Get up ! Hurry , I want you to see this Get up ! I 'm very tired Hurry up ! Hello , Hello Rosa , who is it ? I don 't know I 'm having dinner with my friends from university on Saturday I 'll bring Ting Ting along and be back a bit late Great , go and have fun Go and do some shopping You haven 't bought yourself anything for some time What ? Eat When butterflies fly away So does the heart In the long night who shall come To dry a face full of tears Yearning for a little dependence Yearning for a little love An old acquaintance is too hard to end Resulting in a heart full of grief How can one endure The guessing here , the blaming there When I was thirteen I slept with a girl one day She smelled so good ... and was holding me all along Then I put my hand inside her body And she started to cry That 's the only thing I know how to do I thought about it for a long time And I 'm still afraid to tell you Because I don 't want you to be angry You only treat me as a good friend And now I 'm totally lost I 've hinted at it many times already I had no idea Nobody ever treated me like this What is it ? A birthmark You were here all along What ? You 've been acting strange lately Is it because I was always working and neglected you ? Bye-bye , Miss Wu Bye-bye Bye-bye , see you tomorrow Deedee . Mocha This is Deedee and this is Mocha They just look fierce but are actually very timid I found them in the streets I prepared a lot of food Didn 't you say this is Rosa 's home ? Where is she ? That 's what you 've been worrying about ? Rosa is busy right now at her boutique And I told her you 'll be coming Someone will bring us a cake later Didn 't I mention it 's my birthday today ? You only said that you 'd tell me about about my dream I just want to see you on my birthday Do you always become nervous so easily ? Deedee ! Mocha ! Go inside ! Ting Ting is turning one , right ? Yes . She 's learning to walk She likes music a lot Especially Nirvana " Smells like Teen Spirits " Cool Ming says babies can 't tell the difference But I know she can I believe you I recognize some words by three My father didn 't believe me . But my mother knew She bought me a lot of books When others were learning words in primary school I was already reading Gu Long 's novels Classes were so boring I started to daydream I knew nothing about Math and my schoolwork was terrible I wanted to kiss you when I first saw you I was afraid you 'd be mad at me That 's why I 've come up with so many excuses I I 've never been so afraid I 'm married and I have a kid But I keep thinking about you It 's ok . I won 't force you Let 's eat or I won 't be able to control myself Gosh , you guys are having a feast without me You pretty thing ! You must be Flavia , right ? You nasty girl you dish me right away when you see pretty woman I 'd better go and feed the baby Oh she didn 't tell me you were a Well , she 's always liked older woman You left the boutique alone what are you doing here ? What did I do ? I got you a birthday cake Today 's my birthday Can you just leave me alone ? OK , fine . I 'll leave you guys alone Just don 't take advantage of married women Don 't mind Rosa This cake looks good ! But she was very angry How can you treat her like that ? You silly girl . She 's not my girlfriend Every time I bring a girl home she 'll make fun of her Don 't let her bother you Do you really like older woman ? Did I say I like you ? I 've never seen anyone over 30 who 's so shy You 're the second one The first one became a nun Jin , I 'm coming Give me a hand , Jin Were we not having loved ones ? Though only once in a while Were we not having food for our mouths ? Though it 's not enough Were we not having a place to live in ? Though it smells Were we not always better than somebody else ? Tell me when you want to stop Sorry It 's ok She 's fine Find a job and forget about me I don 't know what I was doing just now Just pretend that we never met We 've met and that 's a fact I won 't pretend You can always re-take the exam if you work hard I can 't do this any longer I don 't want to give up either Time to wake up ! I 'm making you breakfast How come you seldom talk about your family ? I talk about them all the time Flavia , keep this for me Don 't run around with your wedding dress Let 's give grandpa a kiss Just like that . I proposed And she accepted . That 's the whole story Why don 't you go to Canada ? I didn 't say I won 't go " Since 9 am this morning people started approaching " " Tiananmen Square from every direction " ( 70th Anniversary of May 4th ) " The parade is filled with happiness . " " As if everyone found a common language ... " " ... and a common belief " " The crowd is soaking up the atmosphere . " I don 't want to work like this anymore Please stay a little longer How do you pay the money back ? This is not my business I am a singer only , not a clown Are you naive or what ? It 's your job Please Fuck off Li Bai was more sensitive and romantic He liked drinking Du Fu 's poems were more patriotic ... and socially oriented Mrs. Lam Sorry ! Samantha and Muriel I 'm sorry , Miss Wu I didn 't know they were not at school Muriel 's parents came to scold us this morning Muriel was beaten by her father and was bleeding So I let her stay at my place I told them to go to school everyday I did This is Samantha I can 't take your call right now Please leave a message Do you hear the people sing ? Singing the song of angry men ? It is the music of a people who will not be slaves again ! When the beating of your heart echoes the beating of the drums There is a life about to start when tomorrow comes ! Will you join in our crusade ? Who will be strong and stand with me ? Beyond the barricade is there a world you long to see ? We all have our rights If people lose their human rights then what is the point of being human ? Hello ? Mom ? Don 't cry ! Tell me what happened It 's fine Have you found them ? Not yet If there 's no news of them by tomorrow we 'll have to call the police Flavia What ? Where have you been ? Why didn 't you go to school ? You got your parents very worried Are you alright ? Miss Wu , you must help us I don 't want to be separated from Muriel Come over first Go back home , it 'll be alright They scolded us A lot of people are like us actually What can I do ? My Dad wants me to go back to Canada Please help us We can 't go home . My dad 'll kill me Money ! Can you lend us money to run away ? I 'll pay you back when I can earn some money Stay here tonight I 'll take you home tomorrow There 're a lot of things you can 't rush You 'll only hurt yourself if you 're too impatient You shouldn 't do this The students are becoming les ... and running away from home Instead of calling their parents you let them stay at your place They 're kids but you 're a grown up You don 't know what it feels like to be separated This song is called " Never " It was written 9 years ago The song says he never went anywhere He could only afford meals at 8 dollars But he was happy Have you heard this before ? No Never been to U. S ... Never been to England Never been to Japan Never been to Russia I 've never been to never been to C-H-I-N-A ! Never own a mobile Never own a house Never own much anything Never travel far I never fly , I never fly in the a-i-r ! They 've been here last night Shall I drive you to see Muriel 's parents ? It 's alright . I think they 'll be fine I Please hold , just a second Hello ? Samantha ? " Ladies and Gentlemen ... " " we 'll soon be arriving at New Macau Marinetime Ferry Terminal " " For your own safety ... " " please remain seated until the vassal is properly berthed " Hello ? Yes , Mrs. Lam I 'm in Macau now Oh ... they went home already ? It 's ok . Bye Hey , here Fabulous What are you thinking ? A lot Like what ? Sometimes I feel that I am not myself As if there 's a mismatch I think I 've seen this image before Actually everything has happened before It has all been scripted Scripted ? Some people believe they can change their lives And they try their best to do it But no matter what , their lives have already been scripted Their choices and the results are all pre-destined You should say they 're all pre-meditative Pre-meditative ... right Yeah , you lose . Punishment Hi ! Are you from Hong Kong ? Yes My name is Carl What 's yours ? Do you really love me ? One hundred percent How can you prove it ? Now is the proof How long will you love me ? What does that mean ? Isn 't it scripted already ? Yes . But we don 't know what 's in the script Right ! How smart we are ! At least we know it 's all a conspiracy Pre-meditative ! Conspiracy ? In fact I 'm not interested in politics But politics is something we must deal with As a human being , I cannot ignore it I 'm talking about resistance Resisting the confines our society gave us You can only do this . You cannot do that You must go through life ... under these circumstances There 's too much prejudice here We 're only asking for the life we want to lead Without being invaded Without being manipulated Sorry Mom ... how are you feeling ? Dizzy ? I 'm at the studying room Just now Remember to turn off the pager next time I 'm going to my mother 's place Can you help me send the film to the shop ? Miss Wu Sorry , I 've given you a lot of trouble Silly girl I 'll go in first " Heaven-Cleansed Sands " Orioles and swallows announce the spring Flowers and willows reveal the truth All things have style and rhythm Shy and delicate ; that 's prim and proper people Flowers and willows reveal ... Jin " Raising my cup I ask the bright moon " " Bring me my shadow and make us three " In Li Bai 's " Drinking Alone With the Moon " " Bring me my shadow and make us three " means Li Bai , Li Bai 's shadow and the moon No ! Samantha ! No Leave me alone ! Samantha ! Calm down Monitor ! Go and call an ambulance How 're the students ? 2803 ... 1234 Any calls from Flavia ? " ... made the strongest speech in years ... " " ... directed to the unrest of recent weeks " Come and look ! They 're forcing them to leave ! " After the army took control " " the people and the students used vehicles " " to block the path of the army " ... at major entrances to the city " " Some people simply sat on the road " " and used their own bodies ... " " to stop the army vehicles from moving " " The troops made way " " to Tiananmen Square " " in military vehicles and tanks ... " " ... from last night to this morning " " People gathered and stopped the army from moving " " The army did not retreat this time " " At 4 am ... " Pre-meditative " the troops are arriving at Tiananmen Square " " A lot of gun shots were heard " " Many people were injured Some of them were killed " " Only flare bombs were flashing People were forced ... " " ... to leave under heavy arms " Miss Wu Muriel was sent to live with her sister in Vancouver yesterday It was Muriel 's father who dragged them back from Macau Muriel Samantha Miss , why didn 't you help us ? Why didn 't you lend us money to leave ? We thank you a lot ! Please go ! Leave I 'll go first , bye-bye Bye Thank you ! You look so thin and tired I 'm tired . I want to sleep This place is huge . Great for dogs I work very hard nowadays 3 shows a night Over 200 dollars an hour As I decorate this place , I picture how you 'll look in it I picked up the furniture from the streets Except for Ting Ting 's new crib I didn 't know you did all this And you sing for the bar You don 't know a lot of things In fact , I 'm 23 , not 18 I 've been singing for 3 years before I met Rosa and quit I don 't know why I always fell for girls I can 't even help my students I always give up when I 'm half way through doing something If I go on like this , I 'll hurt a lot of people Why do you blame yourself for everything ? You 've tried your best . That 's good enough No one will blame you I want to make love to you You can say no But don 't tell me you 're not prepared Or you need to think it through You can just do what you want when you 're with me No one will laugh at you I don 't want to waste my time on a guessing game Don 't you know you look very beautiful now ? I know you 're scared But it 's time for you to go back and face reality I 'll be here all the time I won 't kill myself And I won 't suddenly become a nun You just want to have an affair with me ? I 'm just more patient than other people I don 't want you to do anything you 'll regret It 's hope that got me through the hard times Didn 't you see me work hard ? I bought the crib I don 't just want to sleep eat and drink with you Everyone has to pay for what they want in their own way My situation is simpler That 's why I have the energy to give you confidence I 'm home Flavia , I want a divorce Flavia What 's going on ? Please convince her She is not young anymore Mom Dad , can you calm her down ? I didn 't say a word when she was fooling around And now she asks for a divorce I don 't need your comfort I want a divorce Yes ! I am with somebody else I want to get out of here Mom What do you two want actually ? Aren 't you ashamed talking like that in front of your children ? Aren 't you ashamed fooling around with women in front of Flavia in the past ? I thought you have a perfect family Never thought your have so many secrets with them What 's wrong with you ? When someone punches you you should fight , right ? You missed your exams and your make up exams You 've been expelled I 'm the one who 's being expelled not you Patriotism is not a crime Release the people of the pro-democracy campaign Release Wang Dan Release Wei Jingsheng You are engaged in an illegal gathering This is the last warning from the police Please leave in peace and stop using loudspeakers Release the people of the pro-democracy campaign Release Wang Dan Release Wei Jingsheng The police have unlimited power Human rights have been betrayed Have you ever heard of " Dog Year " ? What ? Dog Year The years two women can be together should be counted in dog years Really ? It seems that you 're afraid of nothing Aren 't you afraid that all this would be a waste ? Why don 't you ask about Ming and me ? Not asking doesn 't mean I 'm not jealous I fell in love with a singer at the age of 17 I left home and followed her Three months later , she ran away with a Japanese man Leaving without a word . We stil I owed the hotel one month 's rent She even took the 1,000 dollars I had on me You want to ask me if I hate them ? My father had a stroke because I ran away I can 't even tell who was crueler I never care about these things Two years ago , I met a woman She stole all my money and kicked me out Then I met Rosa She was nice to me but I couldn 't love her I 'd bring other girls home , including you Then she 'll be mad and kick me out You 're contradicting yourself At least I managed to earn some money at the bar And I met you You 'll lose a lot if you stay with me But still you came If we can make it quick we can still ' make a little love before going to the bar Aren 't you afraid I 'll steal your money and run ? I want to stay here tonight There 's no class tomorrow . Let 's go to Macau to see Jin You 're being silly again When everything 's settled I won 't let you go even if you want to Leaving without a word is the worst thing to do No one would want that to happen Thank you ( You are ... ) ( very beautiful today . ) Jin ! Flavia ! I 'm back Are you inside ? Why are you so scared ? Can anyone tell me what 's happening here ? We 're together Mom , It 's not like that Just tell her Hold it Flavia , is that true ? Now what can you say ? We 've been together for three years Flavia , go home with me ! Aren 't you just escaping from your husband 's affairs ? Jin Who do you think you are ? Flavia cannot live without me Flavia tell her we are serious I can 't live without her either Come with me If you want to leave , leave alone This is my home Flavia , stay Flavia you will never see me again Mom Jin doesn 't mean it This is just between us Can you stop pushing her ? Jin . I 'll be back . Wait for me Let me go ! I 'll be back " Lenny Kwok founded Black Bird twenty years ago " " This avant-garde musician uses his music ... " " to fight against those in power " " Black Bird broke up three years ago " " But Lenny didn 't stop his fight " " I 'm old and penniless " " But why can 't I do it ? " " There must be something I can still do " You seem troubled You don 't look happy lately I 'm worried Something has happened to me I don 't know how to tell you Too much has happened Forget about what happened in the past It 's good that you 're back I can 't be the same anymore Do you understand ? How can you pretend that nothing has happened ? I 've changed . Can 't you see ? It 's because I care about you You knew about it , right ? I can 't give you what you want I 'm not the kind of woman you want Are you in love with someone else ? Is there anything in this home that you still care ? Of course there is . I I 'm in love with a girl I know it She 's the one that you went to visit in Macau I checked It doesn 't matter She 's your friend in high school , right ? I saw her a few days ago She knows that you 're fine I know that something happened to you in the past I know about it But you 're all right now It 's not a problem anymore I 've never changed I 'm a lesbian . I still am You shouldn 't check on me And you shouldn 't bother my friend She 's not the one . It 's another girl Why did you say that ? I went to see her for your own good Don 't blame yourself for what she did She didn 't become a nun because of you I 've asked her . She said she didn 't like studying anymore And that her destiny is with Buddha It has nothing to do with you I did it because of you You had boyfriends before Don 't insist that you 're a lesbian You are certainly not ! Why How did you know so much ? I was doing it for For me ? Leave me alone Ah Wu , here 's you bun You still remember ? The surface won 't fall off You taught me when I was young You take this one I 'll get another one Afraid of getting fat ? Your mother never tried this It 's been so many years You are 30 already Just give it to me if you don 't want it You are back Ming I want to talk to you I took Ting Ting to Mom 's place She said she could take care of her tonight There 's something I really need to discuss There was cheese and lemon flavor at the shop I know you like both It was a hard decision I finally picked the cheese Isn 't it beautiful ? Ming I really want to say It doesn 't matter what I do You won 't care You bring your daughter to meet your lover everyday What does this mean ? In fact , today is our You 're a good man . I don 't want to lie to you You shouldn 't lie to yourself either Let 's Let 's get a div I won 't let you mention that word Never This won 't do either of us any good Who am I ? What do you take me for ? I can 't compare to a woman ? As long as you don 't mention divorce you can do whatever you want I won 't interfere I remember . Today is our anniversary But that 's no use I 'm sorry " Over 800 staff and students " " from the Hong Kong University " " asked the ISU " " and Human Rights Watch " " to condemn the China Government for allowing military action " " against the students " Ting Ting , be a good girl Ting Ting , be a good girl . Finish this I want you to look at the title of this unit and with another student I would like you to tell me what you think it means I want you to think about the following What are the responsibilities of a journalist ? Something wrong ? How are you ? I must 've gotten a cold from fooling around with a girl naked I just need some sleep You fool ! How can you still joke about it ? I got all the lyrics wrong this afternoon But someone still gave me 200 dollars tips It 's a pity I didn 't sing tonight Maybe there are scouts looking for singers Silly Who are you ? I 'm Yip I 'm Ming Ho Yuk Ming Hello Is Ming at the office today ? I 'm sorry I 'm not sure Thank you . Bye Hello ? Jin Haven 't seen you for a long time , Flavia Jin . I 'll be back It 's me who can 't live without you Let me go ! I 'll be back Do you want more ? Full already ? There 's a lot left . Take some more I know Ming has come to see you . I 'm sorry It doesn 't matter . He came because he cares about you It takes a lot of courage I fell in love with a girl But I need to know one thing I 'm afraid I may make the same mistake again I know you would ask I just didn 't think it 'll take you this long to find your courage It 's better for me to explain it So that I can clear my mind Everyone thought I became a nun to escape or for revenge You must 've thought the same That 's why you 've been blaming yourself and can 't forgive yourself And coming to see me all the time to see if I am living well I was out of line that time I moved out suddenly and had a boyfriend I was so desperate when you left But I knew you were doing it for your mother She was forcing you . I didn 't want to do the same thing to you Jin , so why did you become a nun ? I moved back to the school residence afterwards I 've been trying to find you I finally found your brother after graduation He told me you 're in Macau When I got here , you were already a nun I left not just because of you I was so confused I couldn 't stay in Hong Kong any longer I went to Paris alone that year I found some friends who shared the same ideals and took part in their commune But then I discovered that ideal and reality don 't mix I 'd no choice but to leave Then I wandered Europe on my own I 've been beaten and robbed Even I was suffering from all kinds of diseases Ever since I was small I 've never been able to attain inner peace Not even when I was with you Then I met a nun in London She saved me For the first time I felt peaceful She brought me back to Macau later And I knew immediately this is my path So it 's all scripted ? You don 't blame me ? Only you can untie your own knot Go back . Don 't come here again I know you 'll never do anything to hurt me Where have you been these few days ? One cannot retract what one has said I 'm giving you one last chance Do you want a divorce ? Or do you want Ting Ting ? I want both Okay . Divorce ! But I 'll never give up Ting Ting Me too You 've got that woman Isn 't that enough ? You 'd better leave It was my fault But I 'll not give up We 'll go see a lawyer after you recover Is it really worth it ? Let me show you something There 's a kiss that I 've not tasted There are candles waiting to be lit If love is too bitter , add some sugar It 's alright even if the guitar is broken To hug someone To kiss someone The best is yet to come You can 't avoid a mistake To have doesn 't mean to hold Even if happiness can end Pain will not last forever If loneliness is unbearable Then life will never be easy There 's a time for laughter and a time for tears To hug someone To kiss someone The best is yet to come Flavia is a kind of butterfly You 're not a butterfly if you can 't fly If you don 't want to get involved If you keep holding up a fist There 's no way we can hold hands For the sake of peace and quiet Isolate your emotion and numb your feelings Cause it 's unbearable There 'll always be uncompromising wounds Some regrets you 'll never let go The harder you try to forget The longer the rift will stay ( Were not we having tears in our eyes ) ( through the passing of time ? ) To kiss someone The best is yet to come The best is yet to come Why did you throw away my slippers ? Hey ! How 's your fever ? Don 't change the subject I 'm asking you , why did you throw away my slippers ? I accidentally lost one of them So I simply threw out the other one as well
