 You will travel far my little Kal-el But we will never leave you even in the face of our death You 'll make my strength your own You will see my life through your eyes as your life will be seen through mine The son becomes the father the father ... the son In spite of your past ... I know your a good man and all the good man , deserves a second chance . The moment I received first letter , I knew you were not like the rest . You came from nothing and you worked so hard to get what you are and I have made a few mistakes You 've said that if I helped you get out of the prison you will take care of what you have . You showed me pleasures they 've never known that 's why you deserve everything . the rest is mine We 're done whoa ! ohh ! Oh Clark .. Oh my boy ... - Will you get this thing out ! ? - Alright Lex , your friends give me the creeps Prison is a creepy place Kitty . One needs to make creepy friends in order to survive . They are the man with my best talents as worth less than side of cigarettes Do you know the story of Metheus ? No , of course you don 't . Metheus was a guy who stole the power of fire from the other guys and gain control of it the essence He get his technology , he get his power . So we 're stealing fire ? Actually , sort of , you see whoever controls the technology controls the world the Roman Empire ruled the world because they built roads the British Empire rule the world because they built ships America , they got bombs , so on and so forth Sounds great Lex , but you 're not a god . Gods are selfish beings who fly around with little red capes and don 't share their powers with the mankind Hey boss , we found something I don 't want to be a God . I just want to bring fire to the people . And .. I would be god . Wow ! Is this His house ? I don 't think so , this is more of a monument of a long den of extremely powerful civilization . This is where they learn who he was this is where he came from god . My son , You do not remember me , I am Jor-el I am your father By now , I will have been dead many thousands of your years ( .. you are the only survivor of planet Krypton .. ) Embedded with the crystals before you Is the total accumulation of all literature and scientific facts from dozens of other worlds , spanning the 28 known galaxies In this fortress of solitude We shall try to find out the answers ... together Can he see us ? No , he 's dead Kal-el , speak . Tell me everything , starting from the crystals Boy Don 't worry . They 're very much exploited . 5 years , if your father was alive he never would let you go I almost gave up hope . I just wanted to see weekend . Ohh Clark .. Did you find what you 're looking for ? - I 've thought home might still be better - your home ? That place was a great one But no one 's left Clark , you knew this was a big place . You don 't know who 's out there And even if you are the last , your not alone . - Sorry - Watch out will ya ? - Excuse me . - Sorry . Sorry Great , would you be careful ? - Jimmy ! - Mr. Clark ! I mean Kent . Mr. Kent welcome back . Oh my god . Uhm .. uhh .. wait right there , I 'll be right back . Oh hey , sorry guys . I , ahh , just looking for a place to live in If you know anything ... Behind you Mr. Kent I made it myself - It 's a cake Ohh .. Looks ... delicious I 'm on it chief . Hey look who 's back Hey chief , thank you for giving my job back Don 't thank me It was his time Let 's get you set up , alright ? Uhm .. Ok , so I got to run but I 'll be back to check on you a sec . Mr. Kent , ok . You know where you can find me . Ohh .. yeah .. He looks just like his mom . specially when he comes to get into trouble Lois ? Oh yeah , well I guess you 've been gone It was reported Lois Lane as a mommy . - Oh , you know , uhm .. i 'll just take that - I 'm Sorry - No , uhm .. she 's got wedding . - Wait , she 's married ? - Yes - No , not really . It 's more like a long engagement . But don 't ask Ms. Lane because she hates that question . Are you alright ? You look like you could use a drink . - This place is so tacky Why we would be back here ? Kitty , when you were doing your nails with your fur coats on line I was busy unlocking the secrets of one of those advance civilizations in the universe Weren 't there two of them ? - Sounds like a Hocus Focus to me More naturally to a primitive mind and insufficient inadvance technology would be indistinguished full for magic full of magic sings vehicles , weapons , entire continents all alone . To think that one could create a new world Such as simple like marching and it 's like a sea monkey and all it needs is form Lika a .. sea monkeys Exactly ... like sea monkeys Clark , is doing a little soul searching for the last couple of years He 's on loans Yeah ? You must be joke on the bank I 'm coming back ? Yeah , well , you know , exchange ... i mean of course exchange but sometimes makes you can 't even think for a change could change ... and Lois , a woman like her line better much to settle down ? You know , if you ask me , she 'll never tell you this but if you ask me , she 's still in love with you know who The original station generated 7.5 billion pounds of thrust just an inital course phrase but by bringing back flowing 777 Yes ? If this large uses peverelistic claim why isn 't only being covered by one news network ? Why don 't we say those Christians would opposed large breathing - be careful ... - I know - be careful ... careful Wow , that 's really something Lex Wait for it Wow , that 's really something Lex It 's freakin ' gone with the wind Turn off the camera I ain 't getting it I said turn off the damn camera I think there is something wrong No , that wasn 't you Ignition to the T minor 's 1 minute from your target seperation CDR 's 12 o ' clock 3 minutes in counting Roger ! - Houston , do you copy ? - Houston , do you copy ? Oh my god ! What the .. ? Please , there 's nothing to worry about It seems that we are experiencing a slight power out - Loading to 40,00 feet - Roger ! 40,000 feet Is that it ? I don 't think so Yes sir , I hate to say this but it looks like we don 't have to screw up the launch - boarding booster ignition - Roger , boarding booster ignition boosters are non-responsive we 're still counting down permission but Four we have a problem Go No such boosters were still counting down with permission Flight Four you have 30 seconds What ! ? Please be covered , we can 't shutdown the boosters we can still be able to manage to launch and recover to the emergency field Launch The object is non responsive Don 't be alarmed , it 's absolutely normal Over ride is non responsive Alright , over ride is non responsive And if you were lucky , you may hear with your faint was so improved I could use a little help I should use ... Insert your boost ignition in 5 seconds What the hell is that ? There 's some kind of unidentified coming from the North Roger that and it 's coming fast Is everyone alright ? Are you ok ? Well , I hope this experienced hasn 't put you off from flying Stastically speaking , it 's still the safest way to travel Ok everybody listen up I wanna know it all , everything , also , I wanna see photos of him everywhere No , I want V photos Sports , how to get that plane out of the stadium Travel , where 'd he go ? Is it a vacation ? If so , where ? Gossip , does he met somebody Fashion , he 's got a new suit Ahh .. Health , has he gain weight Physics , how is this little affair to stop Longer , shorter .. Politics , does he still stands for truth Justice All that stuff Life style , Superman returns Come on ! What 's the use of it ? This mysterious electro-magnetic pulse knocked out portable devices in entire power grants cause may have destructive event during the highly ... - Lois , - Yes ? In my office This goes to everyone , .. it 's Superman ! The story is VMP chief , every electronic device in the East Coast Store - Do you get it ? - Yes Lois , three things sold on paper tragedy , sex , sensible People are sick of tragedy You know you can 't write when you gain about sex - Are you alright ? - Yeah - Sure ? Hi ! Hello ! Who are you ? I 'm Clark Kent and I 'm a friend of your mom 's Really ? She never make shirk to you Really ? Never ? No Jason , come near me . Daddy 's office is boring Clark , hey , welcome back ! Yeah , we were just talking - Did you take your vitamins ? - Yes - Eyedrops ? - Yes - I 'll be wrong ? - Yes All like wise He 's a little fragile but he 's gonna grow up big and strong just like his father , yes ? - Yes - Oh , I saw you on the ... Oh yeah , that was nothing - Can I have your stapler ? - Oh yeah Thanks Congratulations , you look best , incredible Yeah , can you believe it ? So , how about your trip ? where 'd you do , what you see , anyone special ? There 's so much where to begin How 's my little guy ? Kiddo , how are you ? - Please ? - Again ? - Again - Again Oh , this is Clark Clark , Richard . Richard , Clark - Richard White - Hi ! Clark is ... well , is Clark Well , it 's great to finally meet you , I heard so much Oh , you have ? Oh yeah , Jimmiy 's won 't shut up about you - Better run - Where ? You heard Perry Superman 's back , and he thinks I 'm the only one equipped to So what ? i don 't know I 'm not Quite a power punch to check out the black out - Goodbye Mom ! - Bye ! And she 's gone I 'm so proud I met you Oh he 's cute ! - Running to trouble - Just to see the other guy What are we going to do ? Ah Lois ? Hey Clark , how was it coming back to work ? Well , I 'm good , I hope Yeah , you know .. uhm .. Never mind But I was wondering Since I 've got back and have a really hard chance to catch up with Maybe you like , you could go grab some ... Wait I met someone , It sounds like you were from totally different worlds We just have a strong connection that you knew you were destined to be with each other Then he just takes off , without explaining why or why he didn 't say goodbye Sounds silly enough Well maybe this Clark didn 't say goodbye Because he had to know it I wanted to say goodbye but maybe it was difficult one Difficult ? What so difficult about it ? Bye ! Easy What 's the matter about saying goodbye ? What were we talking about ? Taxi ! Hey ! Taxi ! Wow ! Thanks ! Goodnight Clark I think you 've been acting a little different lately Have I ? You know those article you wrote ... " Why the world doesn 't need Superman " ? No , no , no .. no the other one Was he were , before we met ? Richard , come on . It was a title of an interview Plus it was your Uncle Perrie 's idea No , no , no , I know .. It 's ok .. It 's ok Richard , It 's a long time ago Were you in love with him ? He 's Superman , everyone 's in love with him So were you Even though you 've been as a human being They can be a great people , Kal-el they wish to be They only lack the light to show the way This reason , above all Their capacity for good , I 've sent in you My only son .. Hold the gun Holy shit ! Roosevelt , could use a little privacy Are you alright miss ? My heart Please Just hold on tight Bingo ! What did you do ? I didn 't do anything Call me Katherine Katherine Do you have places to go , people to save ? Yes Do you like a tea or cup of coffee somtime ? I know that 's full when their out for a drink - Goodnight Katherine ! - Goodnight ! Hey Kent ! He wants to see you Oh thank you ! Kent , go will ya ? These are a comic that were taken by a 12-year old in camera Look in a sky chief , - It 's a bird - It 's a plane - No , it 's ... You wanted to see me ? Yeah Kent , come on in . Seat down . I want to talk a little story of you Ok , first of all , Lois , I don 't understand what your doing sneaking around covering this light It wasn 't just a black out chief cellphones , pagers .. airplanes Any other paper in this town has got a female reporter , a good looking female reporter stashed on a roof covering Superman ? and you two are the ones who pay the streets Chief , I 've done Superman I 've covered him ! You know what i mean But there are dozen other stories out there Name one Well , there was a museum robbery last night Even Superman missed that one Why don 't you guys track down Lex Luther ? maybe he 's got something to say Let 's see yesterday 's news You know , I like that idea Perry , Lex Luthor is a career criminal that nearly killed him for got sex Jimmy , how did Lex Luthor get out of the prison ? When his appeals came up , they called Superman as witness , and he never showed . I wonder how pissed that must take Superman ? A lot .. ... a lot give him to Polly - Lois , Superman - But what about the ... - James , blackout Great , thanks chief Lois , I 'm sorry I hated to stay on this kind of relationship Relationship ? - Hi mommy ! - Hi you ... Hey guys You got an A on Science It 's something right ? Perry , he shot Superman back into my life Ok , how about this we 'll stay late , we get dinner I will help you on Superman You and Clark work for blackout together alright for you Clark ? Just well .. I was not pretend ! No breaks for hours .. You did it like we turned about you didn 't actually have to cut them ! A man can always tell that woman 's pretending especially Superman Mmh .. mmh .. mmh .. mhh .. So did you get your rock ? I did Weird , seem sounds you 're right the blackout spreads from a specific origin light Where ? I 'm not sure yet So with super hearing , you can hear each sound by itself all at once ? 125lbs . , faster than speeding bullet , draws his power from the sun Invulnerable to any from the kryptonite , and he never was Krypton ? Radio active pieces of the world , It 's deadly The end Jimmy , Jason Let 's go get a piece on treck of corn or something - Keep it goin ' ok ? - Oh yes ! So , do you found a place to live yet ? Uh , no , I 'm still looking You know , Lois , I 've wanted to ask you about ... Great ! Thanks Let 's talk when I get back Sure Sorry if I may be disturbing No , fine , really Just wasn 't expecting .. you So the press wouldn 't claim that it wasn 't you , the best in press conference It 's only fair that I answered most people So .. You 're here for an interview ? Ok then .. Right pocket Let 's start with the big question , where 'd you go ? To Krypton You told me it was destroyed ages ago It was .. But when the astronomers started to find it I had to see it for myself Oh your back and everyone seems to be pretty happy about it Everyone ? I 've read the articles , Lois Yeah , so did a lot of people , Tomorrow night , they 're giving me the Pulitzer Why did you write it ? How could you leave us like that ? I moved on . So did the rest of us . That 's why I wrote it The world doesn 't need a savior . And Neither do I. Lois , will you come with me ? Why ? There 's something I wanna show you Please I can 't be gone long You won 't be Clark told me the reason why he left without saying goodbye because it was too inbareable for you personally I think that 's a little crap Clark ? Just a guy with me Maybe it 's right You know when I 'm .. with you .. takes me all the time Not like this What do you hear ? Nothing . I hear everything You wrote that the world doesn 't need a savior , but everyday I hear people crying for one . I 'm sorry .. I 'll take you back now . Richard 's a good man and you 've been gone a long time I know I ... So will I see you around ? I 'm always around Goodnight , Lois ! Oh where have you been ? Do you want the tofu wrap or veggie wrap ? Are you alright ? Where have you been ? I , was , up on the roof Tell the truth huh .. Were you smoking ? No . Is this real ? Where 'd you found it ? He got me . Oh , this is great . I can 't wait to read it . So , Mr. White about the blackout ... Lois , this is the biggest night of your life It 's just feels a little weird winning from that article It doesn 't seem right What doesn 't seem right ? Oh , I don 't know . Winning in a word from an article called " Why the world doesn 't need Superman " when according to this newspaper , they do . Lois , full of surprises are like academy of awards Nobody remembers what you got one , just that you got one But ... This is your night and you enjoy it I 'm sure Kent 's on my back Department of Ore and Power Phase Great ! Hello , I just need a little info of few outstanding Power Phase So , your town went dark at 12 : 36 midtime 10 seconds before Which group is it first ? Across the river ? You sure nothing before that ? Thank you ver much Oh , Jesus ! Is this the punitic ? No , just gonna ask this people a few questions and then we can go Can I sleep in the car ? No honey Are we trespassing ? No .. Yes .. Shhhh ... Hello ? I 'd like to try this one Let 's go . This was a bad idea Lex Luthor ? That was my name ? Your bald . And what is your name ? I 'm not supposed to talk to strangers Cute kid and smart ! Thanks . Were not really strangers This is kind a little reunion , isn 't it ? I 'm a fan I love your writings and your dress I love your boat , how 'd you get it ? Yes , well we can thank the man of steel with that Hey , did you win the book cross with my favorite article of all time " Why the World doesn 't need Superman " ? Didn 't you need few more years to go on that double life sentence ? Yes , well we can thank the man of steel for that I mean , he 's really good In swooping in and catching the bad guys but it 's not so hard with the little things like to renderize , to process , making your court day ... Did you have anything to do with the black out ? Are you wishing for an interview Ms. Lane ? Well , it has been while since you 've been the headline Maybe it 's time to put your name again then you can do whatever you want with me No , I don 't think I 'd be turning around Ms. Lane which means that we do have sometime to kill How about that interview ? Yeah , just call me if you heard anything ok , thank you . So what the school say ? She picked him up at 3 : 15 Hi , I heard about Lois Come here Clark , come here Is there anything I can do ? Yeah , you 're a reporter I 'll check computer Ohh , excuse me . What do you know about crystals ? They make great Chandeliers . This crystal may seem unremarkable but so as the seed of a red wood tree Your building island ? Your not seeing the big picture here Ms. Lane ! Let me enlarge it for you Not just an island An entirely new continent an extinct world reborn on earth Why ? Land , Ms. Lane , I mean , Kitty , what 'd my father used to say ? Your losing your hair ? Before that , Get out ? He said you trick money , manufacture diamonds It 's the one thing your not making anymore of But the United States ... Ohhh .. We 'll be under water Its simple Physics , Ms. Lane two objects cannot occupy the same space at the same time and the rest of the world ? Will just let you keep it ? though ... Though ... what ? I have the advance alien technology thousands of years beyond what anyone could throw at me Bring it on ! Eventually , the rest of the world will be begging me But millions of people will die ? Billions ! Once again the press underestimated me . This is front page news Your 're insane ! No ! No would be the other thing Come on Let me hear it , please .. Superman would never .. Wrong ! What is that ? I think you know exactly what this is Mind over muscle , Ms. Lane Mind .. Who is that boy 's father ? Richard - Mr. Luther , approaching the coordinates Are you sure ? Don 't let them leave this room Kitty , come with me . You never want to miss this Damn it .. What ? What 's the password ? .. Jason .. Try " Superman " Don 't touch that honey Alright , you can go play the piano Lex , this isn 't like the train set I know Honey .. Are you ok ? Are you hurt ? Open this up ! Open ! Could you help mommy open the door ? Sorry ! It 's gonna be ok .. We had a little problem upstairs Bruce is dead He 's got hit by the piano Where 's the boy ? With the mother locked up It 's time for us to go My camera 's not working and my phone is not working Ok , I 'm good . Weird ! Hey guys ! This came through the fax It 's Lois ' hand writing I recognized it anywhere I just have no idea what numbers mean They 're coordinates This is off the coast Jimmy , tell Perry I 'm taking the sea plane Keep trying yourself What are these ? Lottery numbers ? I think they 're coordinates chief Aaaaahhh ... Come on , move it ! Chief ! Daddy ! How did you get here ? I flew Mommy ! Mommy ! Give me your hand Have you got them ? Yeah You 'll be fine I can 't take off with this I 'll put on the right direction Thank you See anything familiar ? I see an old man 's idea of sick joke Really ? coz ' I 've seen my new apartment A place for Kitty , One for my friends And that place over there on the town But you know , maybe you 're right It lacks that human You have something that belongs to me Metropolis Tower , this is sea plane November 7241 Hotel Do you copy ? Metropolis Tower , this is sea plane November 7241 Hotel Do you copy ? Metropolis Tower , this is sea plane November 7241 Hotel Do you copy ? Lois ! Are you alright ? Yeah , what happened ? Superman Where is he ? He went back ? Richard , we have to turn around - What ? No ! - We have to turn the plane around We probably made it out then we go back ? Please .. He 'll die .. Alright , hold on . Kryptonite You 're asking yourself Didn 't your dad ever teach you to ... ahh ... .. before you leave ? Crystals , they 're amazing , aren 't they ? They inherit the traits of the minerals around them Kind a like the son inheriting the traits of his ... You took away 5 years of my life I 'm just returning the favor Now , fly ! So long , Superman Your leadership can stir others considering their own capacities Superman 's down there Are you sure ? Yeah - Richard ! - Yeah , I saw him Drop in Don 't move Richard How did you find me ? Thank you What are you doing ? I have to go back You 're hurt Lex ? Are billions of people really going to die ? Yes Lex , what 's happening ? Get to the helipad Go , out , out , now ! go , go , go Here - What did you do ? - I 'm sorry ! Lois ? Yeah You believe like , you 're already ... I mean You don 't have to be here Where else gonna be ? I could drive Where are you going ? To the hospital Becareful down there guys , it 's mad house So much reporter You think I can get in ? You 're Lois Lane , they 'll let you in I wanna come with mommy I 'll be right here This way Ms. Lane Mommy , is he gonna get better ? I don 't know I like him Me too . I don 't know wether you can hear me I say sometimes that would people are .. that sometimes they can hear you I don 't know if you can hear me I wanted to tell you , Lex , we only have six of those .. six ? hahaha .. I would trade 300,000 coconuts and every oz . of your blood for a quart of gasoline but probably we have to eat we 're different sometimes you 'll feel like an outcast but you 'll never be alone you 'll make my strength your own you 'll see my life through your eyes as your life will be seen through mine the son becomes the father the father becomes the son Goodnight ! We 'll we see you .. around ? I 'm always around Goodnight Lois !
