 Over the last 60 years 4400 people have been abducted SYNC CORRECTIONS : klepal All at once they were returned The 4400 Season 3 ( 2006 ) Episodes 1 2 - The New World - With no memory of where they 've been They haven 't aged a day And some have returned with new abilities All are trying to reconnect ... . ... with a life interrupted We 're not a threat . We 're salvation . The world will have to deal with us . Previously on the 4400 ... What , so navarro was really some kind of mind-reader ? I believe " telepath " is the word you 're looking for . Just concentrate on what you want to ask me and I 'll hear you . The guy definitely knew what we were thinking . I could think of a few practical applications for it . You should have come to me first . I 'd have treated you better than they ever will . We 're at war here . Don 't pick the losing side . There 's a synthetic substance present in the blood of every 4400 , and they call it " promicin inhibitor . " But ntac 's been studying the 4400 ever since they got back . - They should have known about this- - - they do know . I was ordered to work on a drug to suppress the production of promicin . Once I synthesized the inhibitor , we gave it to every 4400 . If it comes down to a choice between the safety of the american people and the welfare of the 4400 , tom ... that 's no choice at all . If you 're holding on to any hope of keeping this covered up , you 're going to have to start by putting me in the ground right here and right now . Every male in this building has got a gallon of adrenaline coursing through his veins right now , and most of them are armed . A 4400 nearly took down a fortified government facility and walked away without breaking a sweat . I wasn 't pregnant when I was abducted , but I was when I got back . You 've seen what she 's capable of , what she can do when she feels threatened . Did you know isabelle has connections between the right and left hemispheres of her brain that have never been seen before ? You are the stewards of the future . Your daughter is the rosetta stone for understanding wh happened to the 4400 . Isabelle ... Isabelle ! Hello , shawn . I 'm isabelle . 4400 Season 03 Episode 01-02 The world has changed . Everything is different now . The promicin inhibitor program was an international effort . Its goal was to prevent the coming of a world dominated by a tiny fraction of the population . In short , we were doing everything we could to prevent the 4400 from developing extrahuman capabilities . We believed that , without the inhibitor program , these abilities would show up in virtually every single one of the 4400 . I don 't think I need to explain to ts committee why that would be something less than a best-case scenario . Overnight , normal human beings like you and i and all the institutions we 've come to rely on would be obsolete . The program wasn 't perfect . People got sick.Some died . That was not our intent . But now it 's gone , and the future that we were trying to prevent is here , and we are not ready . I believe it comes down to a question of power . Who is going to hold it ? Us ... or them ? Because , believe me ... it 's going to co down ... to us against them . THREE WEEKS EARLIER Shawn , you 're not making any sense . Just tell me what 's wrong with isabelle . I told you , I can 't explain . Is she sick ? Is she hurt ? You 'll see for yourself . Dad . W-who the hell is this ? Where 's isabelle ? I am your daughter . I 'm isabelle . - I-I don 't get it . - It 's not a joke . Something happened.I ... I changed . I don 't know how . She just walked in here.She knew my name . She seems to know about you and lily . Stop . I don 't know what game you 're playing here , and I don 't care . Richard ... richard . Lily . Lily ! Lily ? Is isabelle with you ? Lily- - lily . Are you all right ? Oh , richard , I must have fainted . Is isabelle with you ? Who are you ? Where 's my wife ? Richard , what are you talking about ? I 'm lily , your wife . Why are you looking at me like- - oh , my god . Ma 'am , I don 't know who you are . oh , my god . No ! Your blood pressure is elevated ... but I suppose that 's to be expected . Heart , lungs , reflexes ... all within the normal range . - Doctor , you call this normal ? - Richard , I want to see isabelle . - Where is my daughter ? - She 's right outside . I 'll bring her in in a minute . I realize how alarming this must be , but at least you can take some solace in the fact that your wife is a perfectly healthy older woman . If I had to guess , I 'd say she 's about 75 . I 'm 29 ... and I don 't understand . Please help me understand . How could this happen ? Maybe it 's a reaction to being taken off the promicin inhibitor , but truthfully , I don 't know . There is a condition called progeria . It 's associated with rapid aging . So this kind of thing has happened before ? Mr. Tyler ... when your wife fainted this morning , she was a young woman . When she woke up less than a minute later , she was 50 years older . I can guarantee you ... this is a first . Excuse me . - Are you okay , dr . Burkhoff ? - Fine . Not enough sleep , that 's all . Research . Well , what do we do now ? Is there any way to reverse this ? I wish I knew . I need ... to do some thinking . Are you my mother ? Isabelle ? PRESENT DAY we 're wringing our hands and trying to determine who knew what when . I will save this committee the trouble and expense of a long investigation . The inhibitor program was my idea . I was proud to lead it . The men on this board were simply following my orders . If there 's blame to be assigned , it 's mine . Mine alone . Yeah , I know kyle doesn 't want to see me . Is there some way we can force him to ? I 'm his father . I want to know how he 's doing . Look , I realize you 're trying , but it 'll be months before he goes to trial . xxxxxxxxxx I mean , you really think people are going to let ryland position himself as some kind of patriotic martyr ? The man headed a conspiracy that caused 28 deaths . Well , he says it was accidental . A significant percentage of this country believes him . Try " overwhelming . " You guys listened to talk radio lately ? The calls are like 90 % in his favor . You can buy a " free dennis ryland " t-shirt within a block of here . Maybe they should put him up for the nobel peace prize . Just tell him i need to see him . We don 't have to talk about the case . I just have to see my son . Just ask him one more time , okay ? and tell him we love him . Give him some time , thomas . Kyle needs to live with his choice for a while . We 're back . Tom ... break 's over . Ladies and gentlemen , I 'd like to call the proceedings to order . Everyone just take your seats . We can get started . Members of the press , I was including you in that " ladies and gentlemen " designation.Thank you . Mr. Ryland , I 'd like to pick up the questioning where we left off . You insist that you alone gave the go-ahead for the promicin inhibitor program.Is that right , sir ? Yes , sir . It was my program all the way . So this committee is to understand that your department was able to plan and implement an international conspiracy without some cabinet-level approval ? That 's correct.I was given a broad mandate in my duties as head of ntac . I felt that the project fell within that mandate , so there was no need to seek outside approval . Excuse us , everybody . Did you hear that ? Well , yeah , the microphones went haywire . No , no , not that . Something else . Just set that approval issue to the side for the moment . Did you ever discuss the project with anyone outside of ntac ? I mean , someone somewhere must have taken an interest in what you people were doing over there . It 's a simple question , mr . Ryland . Surely it can 't be that difficult to answer . If I could have your attention up here , mr . Ryland ... Security ! Stop that man ! Get some protection around ryland . Stay here . I 'll be right back . We need an ambulance ! Stand back , please ! Back ! Get back ! Hey ! Stop ! T.J. ! Someone get these photographers out of here . Stay over there . I don 't understand what I did . Would somebody please tell to me what I just did ? Hang on , dennis . The ambulance is coming . Yeah , it was her . The blood we picked up at the scene matches the dna in our records . That was T.J. Kim running from the courthouse . When she hit this place , T.J. Drove every man in the building into a homicidal rage . Now it sounds like she just zapped one guy . She 's learning to control what she can do . They all are . Ever since we took them off the inhibitor , they 're either developing abilities or they 're refining the ones that they 've got . So they are getting more dangerous . I guess ryland was right . I 'll be sure to mention that to my daughter . Save the point - counterpoint . At the moment , we 've been tasked with two jobs- - we track down T.J. Kim . What 's the second job ? We are to protect ryland 's co-conspirators from any further reprisals . So we arrest them , and now we 're their bodyguards ? The entire country just saw a 4400 turn a government hearing into her own personal slasher film . If T.J.Gets to ryland again- - or any of them--before we can bring her in , people are going to start to wonder if the united states government is capable of protecting its citizens , and that 's the beginning of chaos . Back to work , please . Tom ... in case you 're wondering , dennis is still in surgery . They say that it is touch and go . It 's okay.Give me your hands . Try and relax . Relax . Is it better ? Much better . For now . When this thing first came on , it was bad , but at least she was healthy . Now she 's had diabetes , emphysema ... it seems like every day there 's something new . I 'll come help her every day . Listen , we 've got everyone working on this . We 're going to figure it out . - Is my mother okay ? - Uh , yeah . She had a little problem . Shawn fixed it . It 's all in the wrists . Can I see her ? Please ? Mom ? Isabelle . Come here . Is there anything I can do ? No , I 'm- - I 'm fine . Really . Sit down . You were such a beautiful baby . I used to hold you all day long . I knew exactly what you were feeling . What you wanted . - We were so close . - I 'm sorry for growing up so fast . I didn 't mean to . I didn 't want to . Neither did I. The crazy thing is i keep thinking about patty . Ryland 's wife . I feel like I should call her or something , help her through this . Maybe you should . You and ryland were friends for a long time . It 's okay to be conflicted . Well , ryland 's little experiment almost got you killed . Shawn , too . The guy knew that kyle was stalking jordan collier and he did nothing . I 'd say that trumps friendship . You have so much on your mind . Kyle , ryland , the 4400s ... I need to get you away from here . Away from your problems . Yeah , well , that sounds nice , but I can 't go anywhere . I 'm starting an investigation in the morning . What if I told you i could take you away between now and then ? My ability . Since I 'm off the inhibitor ... I think I can control it now . What , you mean you want to ... you want to take me into another dream world ? Alternate reality--I don 't even know what to call it . Call it a vacation . A week , a year ... as long as we want . All that in the space of a few moments . Should we try it ? Right here ? Now ? Well , what ... what do we do ? We 're already doing it . - There 's no one on the beach . - It 's all ours , thomas . So 's the hotel . And we can stay here for as long as we like . - There is no jet lag . - That sounds perfect . It feels perfect , too . OCTOBER 14 The door 's open . Come in . What ? What is it ? - Uh , you 're naked . - I 'm more comfortable this way . I haven 't really gotten used to them . Clothes . I have a bathrobe . Is this better ? Almost . I never met anybody that read the encyclopedia from cover to cover before . - Oh , I 'm not finished . - We just delivered those to you yesterday . Okay , you 're a fast reader . That 's really cool . Um , listen , they 're looking for you down in the labs.You 're like an hour late . They sent you to get me ? Aren 't you in charge ? Well , yeah , more or less . You know , I go where I 'm needed . They were scared of me , weren 't they ? - Pretty much . - That 's all right . I think even my parents are frightened of me . I don 't think your mom and dad are scared of you.I think they 're just confused . I don 't blame them . It 's mostly how I feel , too . I ... don 't understand what happened to me . I don 't understand what happened to my mother . And I 'm trying to read and learn things , but ... mostly , I just ... I still feel lost . See , now you sound like a real 4400 . But I 'm not a 4400 ... not like my mother and father ... or you . Looks like I 'm going to live . Sorry to disappoint you , tom . Why 'd you ask me to see me , dennis ? I hear that you and skouris are in charge of the investigation . Yeah , we know who did it . We 'll find her . T.J. Kim attacked thuildx weeks . No one 's tracked her down yet . We got a little sidetracked cleaning up your mess , dennis . Did you ever think that maybe she has help ? Other 4400s who feel the same way about the government she does ? When we catch her , we 'll ask . Will you ? I want to make sure you 're going to take this thing as far as it goes , tom , the same way you did when you came after me ... and I want my people protected . They were acting under my orders . They 're under guard . So was the courthouse when kim attacked . I 'd feel better if you brought them in . We offered sanctuary to every single conspirator . There were no takers . I guess no one wanted to cooperate with the organization that was working to put you in prison . We had to fight just to get them to let us post agents outside their houses . Crockett ! You ready to go for a walk , boy ? Come on , crockett . Let 's go . They wanted no part of us.They all seemed confident that T.J. Kim was acting alone.Crockett ? What 's wrong ? This arrived 15 minutes ago . This is a message from the nova group . We are the defensive wing of the 4400 . Today , the world has seen what happens to those who try to harm us . A second demonstration of our capabilities is planned for october 19th . - A new era dawns . - Defensive wing , huh ? What happens when they decide to play offense ? - I guess we find out in five days . - They didn 't even say what they want . No demands , no room for compromise . We don 't even know how many 4400s are in this nova group . We couldn 't even handle one when she walked in and attacked the place . Now there 's a whole team of assassins out there , all with abilities ? They 've got someone who can kill you by lowering your body temperature . - Don 't forget the beastmaster . - What ? That dog got pissed off pretty quick . Well , I 've been all over the files , and none of these abilities have been registered with us . They 're off the inhibitor now.We can 't even pretend to have a comprehensive list of what these people can do . Is anyone feeling ... a little overmatched here ? You two remember gary navarro ? Hey , gary . Been a while . You 're right , baldwin . I do think you two sold me out . It really bothered me for a while , but now I understand it 's just standard operating procedure . Well , I guess that mind reading thing is working pretty well , huh ? Better than ever , actually . Gary 's telepathic abilities have been very useful to the national security agency . They have agreed to let us borrow him while we investigate the nova group . So you 're clear on what we 're doing here ? You want to use a 4400 to track down other 4400s . - Do you have a problem with that ? - Not at all . It won 't be my first time . So ... can we get started ? Never heard of the nova group.xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx Between ntac and this place , but I trust you realize how serious this is . Believe me , if I knew anything , I would tell you . Well , do you mind if the three of us walk around the place , talk to some people ? You and your pet mind-reader ? No , I can 't let you do that . These people haven 't done anything wrong , and I won 't let you invade their privacy , and I actually can 't believe that you brought this guy here again . How much do they pay you to spy on your own kind ? Getting a clear signal ? You see anything you like up there ? As far as I can tell , he 's not hiding anything . I have a lot of work to do . If I hear anything , I 'll give you a call . For now , that 's the best I can do . Sorry about my nephew . Why ? Well , he was kind of rude back there . I get that kind of stuff a lot . I don 't take it personally . Do you mind if I ask you ... you 've sort of implied that you 've pursued 4400s in the past . What exactly do you do for the nsa ? Overseas stuff , mostly . But , like , what ? Give me an example . They fly me someplace . I approach the subject , find out what he 's thinking , and I tell the people i work for , who then fly me home , where I live comfortably . What happens to the subject ? I don 't ask . That 's good . The neural pathway comparisons are particularly illuminating . Make sure you understand them before you move on . Dr. Burkhoff , I don 't understand any of this . A bunch of her neurons don 't work anymore . Every time one of hers turns off , one of mine turns on . Exactly ... and what 's true for neurons is true for muscle fibers , synaptic pathways ... there is A ... one-to-one correspondence between the amount you lost and the amount you gained . So all this is just a way of saying I 'm doing this to her ? The correlation is too precise to be random . Your rapid aging has caused her rapid aging . How do we stop it ? Put me back to the way I was . - I 'm afraid I can 'T . - So , what do we do about it ? There is a possibility that if the aging agent were eliminated that lily might be restored to her normal self . - The aging agent ? - He means me . I 'm killing you.The only way for you to live is for me to die , isn 't that right ? Don 't answer that , dr . Burkhoff . Thank you for your time.We 're done here . Where are you going ? We 're not discussing this . Not now.Not ever . - It 's true , isn 't it ? - I think so . But it 's only a theory . Guys , I went over this six weeks ago with the men in black . Humor us . I went on two dates with T.J. Kim . I cut it off . - Girl had a lot of baggage . - How long ago was that ? Uh , two months ago ? Look , if I 'd known there 'd be government agents showing up every other day to ask me about her , I would 've taken notes , hey , so listen ... all this stuff about october 19th ... you guys think it 's serious ? Like , should I be getting out of town ? I don 't think that 's the answer.As far as we know , you 're as safe here as anywhere else . That kid was lying ... or at least he wasn 't telling you everything . The whole time you were talking to him , he was thinking about an address . 331 reynolds avenue . Looks like it 's clear . Nobody 's home . Nobody 's been for home for a while , I 'd say . Look at this . That 's the government report on the return of the 4400 . I tried to read this once . Kind of dry . Yeah.Looks like someone made it right through to the end . Liies ! Wesley hauser . Wesley hauser . Wesley hauser . Who the hell is wesley hauser ? Hauser was a marine . Did two tours of duty in vietnam . He led protests against the war after he got home in ' 72.Disappeared in ' 75 . Once he got out of quarantine , he never checked back in with us . Guy 's been living off the grid for almost two years . Which means he never went on the inhibitor , so who knows what he 's capable of by now . Hauser was disillusioned with the government before he disappeared , and I wouldn 't say we 've done much to win him over since he 's been back . When he was in quarantine , he was housed in barracks 3.Same building as T.J. Kim . An agitator.An organizer . A radical . Sounds like we have our second member of the nova group . Baldwin . You 're kidding me . All right . I know.Put him through . - Says he 's wesley hauser . - No way . - Yeah , hello . - How 'd you like my apartment ? Well , to be honest , it felt a little empty without you there . I 'm on a tight schedule . Lot to do before next week . Sound like you have interesting plans , so why don 't we get together someplace , talk them over ? No more talking . There 's nothing to say . Your time is ending . Ours begins on october 19th . come on , let me go . Why 'd you run when we asked you about hauser , huh ? You two used to eat together in quarantine . We 've got it on camera . So ? The guy had a lot of good war stories . Doesn 't make us best friends . So why did you run ? Because when I see ntac agents , I run the other way . You people almost killed us all . Can you blame me ? Turn around . Turn around . - We done here ? - Get out of here . Call me sensitive , but I felt like saying to him , " we exposed the inhibitor.We saved your life . " You guys just don 't really get it , do you ? It 's not just that guy . Every 4400 we 've talked to today , they 're scared of you , or they don 't trust you , or they hate you . Look , I 'm sorry , but the days when you could expect friendly conversation from these people , they 're gone . You 're the bad guys now . Get used to it . I 'm just warning you , motherhood 's no cakewalk . Since when are you an expert ? I 'm only saying she landed on twins . Kind of a big responsibility ... especially when she 's trying to get by on a teacher 's salary . - What are you going to name them ? - I don 't really want to play anymore . - Is that okay ? - What 's wrong , sweetheart ? Nothing , except ... I know marco 's going to win , I 'm going to come second , and you 're going to end up alone with no money . Don 't be jealous . He 's smarter than you , but mom likes you better . So , uh , who 's- - who 's smarter than me ? Who knows ? I 'm not even sure she knows exactly . You know , in some ways , she was better off on the promicin inhibitor . At least she wasn 't overwhelmed back then . All she wants to do is record what she sees in those notebooks . It 's like some kind of compulsion . Well ... think about it for a minute . Every morning , she wakes up and ... knows pretty much what 's coming . She 's already lived the whole day once in her head , and by the time something actually does happen , it 's like a rerun . - I hate watching reruns . - Yeah . Try living one . Hey , what about kevin burkhoff ? Maybe he can figure out a way for maia to control her visions . He is brilliant . I don 't say this about many people , but he is smarter than me . - I know you . - Well , of course you do.It 's diana skouris . - You work at ntac . - I 'm not here on business . I 'm here about my daughter maia . The precog . What about her ? She 's still 10 , right ? She 's not 65 now , is she ? Interesting guess . Kind of wide of the mark , though . Good . Might as well come on in . Thank you . - Oh , sorry about the clutter . - That 's all right . I fired the maid last week . She was always cleaning . Excuse me . So ... your daughter . What 's troubling her ? OCTOBER 15 I 'll let you do it . I caused all this , right ? And getting rid of me is the only way to save my mother . - No ... - that 's what you were thinking , wasn 't it ? No , it wasn 'T . I don 't want her to die either , so I 'll let you do it.I 'll ... - I 'll even shut my eyes . - Isabelle ... I would never hurt you . Why ? I don 't understand . It 's the only way to save her . We don 't know that , and I won 't make a choice between the two of you . " Won 't " or " can 't " ? Sorry . I don 't mean to invade anyone 's space . Oh , that 's okay . It 's not my desk . But it looks like you 'll be here for a while now , huh ? Assuming this place is still standing on october 20th , yeah . Maybe we should talk to jarvis . Get you a room of your very own . That 's fine with me . To tell you the truth , I could use a little bit of a buffer zone . This problem you 're having with your daughter 'S ... precog ability ? I keep wanting to give you my opinion , but I don 't want to intrude . So you are ... listening to my thoughts . You and baldwin . I can 't help it . I try to tune you guys out , but every now and then , something leaks through . I 'll try to keep that in mind . You said you had an opinion about maia . What is it ? When I first ... developed this thing of mine , I was a basket case.You saw me . I truly thought i was going insane , so I fought against it , and that just made it worse . I had to give in to it , let it take control of me , and then , slowly , I learned how to take control of it . Listen , your kid stops fighting , and eventually , it 'll become like seeing or hearing or any other sense . She won 't even think about it . It 's just a part of who she is . That 's how it worked for me , anyway . Thank you . Diana.We just got a call from the seattle police.Someone down there read our apb . They know exactly where hauser is . You guys are lucky , actually . In another day or two , we would have buried him in potter 's field . - Buried who ? - Him . I always read the apb memos when they circulate in the police department . Kind of a hobby . Gets boring in here . Anyway , there was a description of a regimental tattoo on the memo for hauser . 82nd airborne . " Death from above . " I remember it from a john doe they brought in here three weeks ago . This guy drowned in the harbor . A lot of veterans have that tattoo . Do a lot of veterans look exactly like the mug shot you circulated ? Don 't believe me ? Take a look for yourselves . Say hello to wesley hauser . Hauser died two and a half weeks before ryland was attacked . Obviously , that wasn 't him on the phone the other day . And that copy of the 4400 report with all his notes over it ? For all we know , that could have been a plant . Somebody wanted us distracted . They deliberately put us on the trail of some phantom member of the nova group . I mean , how did we first find out about hauser ? T.J. ' S old boyfriend . He gave us the address . No , he was thinking it . At least , according to gary , he was . Gary navarro put us onto wesley hauser . Get in . You lied to me , daniel . You never said anything about killing people . We were protecting you , shawn . If we tell you in advance , you 're culpable . - What is she dohere ? - She 's dying.She needs your help . I told you , I don 't want anything more to do with you . The nova group was supposed to protect us . That 's why I gave you money , daniel . That 's why I gave you money . Not to start a terrorist organization ! We 'll talk about your concerns later . She 's got a stomach wound , and it 's infected . She needs you right now , or she 's not going to make it . Shawn , she 's a 4400 . If we don 't help each other , what hope do we have ? Give me your hand . What are you doing here ? You 're awake . Good . It 's important that you know it was me . I 'm the guy who killed you . Med post . Do you have a 20 on gary navarro ? Yeah , he just walked by . Why ? - Get him ! - Hey ! Stop ! Go . I 'll check on ryland . He 's seizing . He 's bradying down . I need a crash cart and ativan . Find dr . Danoff . Now ! Stay right there , gary . Isabelle . Isabelle ! Oh , god . Somebody call an ambulance ! What 's everybody standing around for ? Somebody call an ambulance ! They 're on their way ! - Somebody call an ambulance- - - dad ... what am I ? It 's miraculous , shawn . I watch you heal someone , and ... it makes me wonder why they hate us so much . They hate us because you 're killing them , daniel . They 're afraid of us . I can 't blame them . You make it sound like we acted out of some sort of blood lust . These were precise , tactical strikes , shawn , and you and every other 4400 are ultimately much safer because of them . You killed people.That 's not what we discussed when you approached me . I gave you money to start a defensive arm for the center in case the government ever came after us again . It was a precaution . And all we 've done is taken precautionary measures . Shawn , do you think that because their inhibitor program was exposed that the government 's just going to leave us in peace ? No , they know we 've gotten stronger , which threatens their hold on power , which increases their need to eliminate us . So we strike first ? Is that it ? Is that what happens on the 19th ? Look , shawn , you do great work at that center of yours . You just focus on that.I don 't want to distract you.Knowledge can be a burden . And thanks for helping T.J. Out . You 're a hero to your own people . Never forget that . Yeah . It did not work , you know . Ryland was O.D. ' Ing , but the doctors pulled him out of it . He 'll be awake within a couple of hours . Well , I 'm sure you 're as disappointed as I am . Don 't worry . We 'll get him . Let 's talk about wesley hauser . You first met him in quarantine . I liked wes . He was 10 kinds of crazy , but his heart was in the right place . I guess he was bipolar or something , but he never took medication . After quarantine , he lived on the streets . I used to visit him down at the docks . You know , give him food , a little money . So when did you decide to kill him ? Wes , he didn 't need my help with that . He drank about three bottles of mad dog a day . One morning about a month ago , I went down to see him , and ... I found him by the dumpster . Dead . And somewhere in the middle of your grieving process , you figured he 'd make a handy decoy . Hauser wouldn 't have minded . XXXXXXXX Going back to his marine corps days . So when I found him , I said a word or two over his body , and I pushed him into elliott bay . So how long have you been working with this nova group ? Did someone approach you , or was the whole thing your idea ? Tell me ... you and this girlfriend of yours ... is it like a role-playing thing you get up to ? Or is she actually taking you into these ... I don 't know.What do you call it ? Fantasy worlds ? Oh , and this guy marco ... does he know that you 're too ... embarrassed to tell your partner that you two have been dating ? Done showing off ? Why don 't you tell us what 's going to happen on october 19th ? I guess you 're going to have to find yourself another telepath . Good luck with that . So you got nothing out of him ? Well , he told us about hauser , but as far as the nova goes , it 's going to take time to break him down . - How much time ? - He 's a telepath.He knows what we 're thinking . - A little longer than usual . - Okay , so it 's not easy , but gary navarro has a level-seven security clearance . We have to assume that he 's been using it to funnel national secrets to the nova group . We need to know what he knows . Now . He 'll talk . Gary 's been inside our heads for a year . I think I know how to get inside of his . Careful with this . Matthew . I didn 't expect to see you back for a couple of weeks . The nova group revised my calendar for me . Wiped it clean , actually . It 's difficult to lobby on behalf of the 4400 when some of them are boasting about their body count . I suppose . How 's lily ? Any improvement since I left ? - If anything , she 's getting worse . - Sorry to hear that . Isabelle ? She tried to kill herself this morning . She jumped off the roof . A few minutes later , she was walking around like nothing happened . I got to tell you , matthew ... I 'm not going to lie . I 'm really glad you 're back . Hello , isabelle . Hello . Who are you ? My name is matthew ross . I work closely with shawn . I 'm an advisor to the 4400 . May I come in ? I understand there was an incident this morning . You attempted ... to harm yourself . I see . You had no right to do that ! Don 't you understand who you are ? What you 're here to do ? - No ... - well , I do . I know everything about you , isabelle . I know why you 're here , and I know what you 're supposed to do . Sit ... and I 'll tell you a story . You 'll like it . It 's about your past , and it 's about your future . I know you went to a lot of trouble to get this . Thank you . But ? I 'm not sure i want to send maia to a school that only teaches 4400s . It sounds like a great way to get her to withdraw even further from the world . Look , just ... just pretend it 's got nothing to do with the 4400 for a second . It 's a good school . You know , top-notch faculty , the facilities are great , and it 's all free . The 4400 center picks up the whole tab . They even have a class on how to manage your abilities . Just give me some time to think about it , okay ? It 's a big step . I was king of hoping dr . Burkhoff would have ... I don 't know , a magic pill or something . What 's he working on ? Anything interesting ? You know that promicin serum that he invented that saved everybody ? Well , I saw a syringe at his place , and it looked like there was some in it . Well , he 's a researcher , right ? He 's probably injecting it into , what , mice , guinea pigs ? The only animals i saw at his place were a couple of cockroaches . You don 't think he 's injecting it into himself , do you ? That 's ridiculous.I am not injecting myself with the promicin serum . Good . I 'm glad to hear it . I 'm injecting myself with a modified version of the promicin serum . Dr. Burkhoff , I have to ask you this . Have you stopped taking your medication ? Of course not . I 'm as sane as you are . Once the course of treatment is finished , I will have taught my body how to produce promicin , and then I will be the first non-returnee to develop 4400 abilities . The first of many . You 're talking about the next step in human evolution . - Do you think the world is ready for that ? - The world is never ready for change . You have to force it on them . Isn 't that why the 4400 were brought back ? Isn 't that why the future woke me up ? You shouldn 't be doing research of this magnitude in--excuse me , but ... in a dump . These are hardly sterile working conditions . You could help me with that . You have scientific background , right ? I have graduate degrees in microbiology and epidemiology . Good . That 'll be handy . I need someone to monitor my progress ... as the changes ... continue . Changes ? I think it 's an exciting first step . Don 't you ? I was thinking , next time , we could make a world where kyle never shot jordan collier , never went to prison , the inhibitor scandal never happened ... sounds nice ... although i have to tell you , at the moment , I 'm not really feeling the need to be transported to some kind of fantasy world . As long as this water stays hot , things are a-okay with me right here in reality . Maybe tomorrow we can try it again . I 'll take a rain check . I 'm going to a seminar at the 4400 center tomorrow . It 's about what we can expect physically now that we 're off the inhibitor . Is everything okay ? I mean , you 're not having any problems , are you ? No , I feel fine . I feel great , actually . Well , then I don 't get it . Why do you need to go ? I don 'T.I want to go . I 'm curious . But alana , you never ... you never wanted to go to the center before . Why start now ? I never felt the need to be around other 4400s before . Now you do ? It 's just a seminar , thomas . Yeah , okay . I get it . OCTOBER 16 Do you recognize those names ? They 're 4400s , all of them foreign nationals . Alessandro ortiz from venezuela . Ismael namir from libya . Chitra singh from indonesia . They 've all gone missing in the past year . That 's one year . Now , that 's about as long you 've worked for the nsa , isn 't it , gary ? We checked your travel records . You left venezuela two days before ortiz disappeared . Same thing in libya , indonesia ... everyone on that list . You were there , they went away . What exactly did you do for the nsa , gary ? There 's an arms race going on , isn 't there ? Only now it 's with 4400s . These people , I bet their abilities make the wrong people very nervous . And the nsa couldn 't stand by while foreign- - and potentially hostile- - governments developed , what , human weapons of mass destruction ? Is this list complete ? 'Cause I 'm just wondering how many 4400s you did kill . I did not kill anyone . Oh , no , no , no , you just got the right people in the right zip code . Because you , you were living back home- - what did he say ? Oh , yeah- - " very comfortably " when the actual dirty work was done . And that 's why you went across to the nova group , isn 't it , gary ? Because you just couldn 't live with yourself . The nsa told me that I was helping my country . They didn 't fill in the blanks . I had to do that myself . You felt used . They made you a weapon against your own people . So when did you figure it out ? - What 's up ? - Who are these guys ? This is agent wood and dr . Boll of the nsa . They 've been brought in to help expedite the interrogation . Okay , first of all , no more sitting . What 's going on ? Brought in by who ? Gary navarro tried to kill me . I made a phone call . You should be in jail right now , dennis . I still have a few friends , tom . I had him talking . I was making progress . Not fast enough . The members of gary 's cell know he 's been taken . They 're already changing their plans . If it takes too long to break him , the information he gives us is stale . October 19th is three days away . Yeah . I know you find this hard to believe , tom , but we 're on the same side . We have the same goal . Those agents are tools . Use them . You 're sitting in my spot . - Sorry . - It 's okay . There 's room for two people to sit . You got stalin , pol pot , and the marquis de sade ? Did you finish all the fun books ? Well , I 'm interested in learning more about evil . Everybody 's scared of me , so I thought , " what if they 're right ? What if I 'm bad ? " Why would you think that ? Sometimes I think i feel it inside of me , like ... . I could be capable of anything . Everyone 's capable of anything . - Believe me , I know . - How ? - Have you done bad things ? - Yeah , of course I have . Will you tell me about them ? Um , okay . - I slept with my brother 's girlfriend . - How bad is that ? Some people would call that a major betrayal . A lot of hard feelings . This man did much worse than that . Well , I 'm not a dictator , but I 've done the big kind of bad , too . I can 't say much about it , but I gave some money to some people . They used it for something really , really wrong , and ... - I don 't think that they 're finished . - Well , can you stop them ? I could turn them in , but the thing is so far , they 've only gone after bad people , people that tried to kill me , tried to kill all of us . So if they 've only gone after bad people , then doesn 't that make them good ? Maybe . I don 't know . We 're relating now , aren 't we ? I read about this . Yeah , we are . How was it for you ? I liked it . We talked . It helped me understand good and evil . According to you , you get to pick . It 's a choice . I have it right , don 't I ? Yeah , you do . OCTOBER 17 I can 't open my hand . I woke up from a nap , and it was all bunched up like this . Arthritis I can handle . That feels good . You 're like a human heating pad . I like that . Human heating pad . I 'll take it as a compliment . Seriously , you better ? Yeah . I 've been trading emails with somebody down at the mayo clinic . He says we should go to sweden and try this experimental treatment . Here . What 's this ? Open it . Can you believe that the air force lets you do that now ? You give them some money , and they let you ride along in an f-16 . It says here i get to take the controls . Oh , I talked to the guy who was in charge of the program , and I told him about your background as a pilot , and he said he would let you drive for 30 seconds . Lily , I was a pilot in 1950 . That 's why it 's only 30 seconds . Happy birthday , richard . Thanks , but it 's not my birthday for another six weeks . Richard , I 'm not going to be here in six weeks . That 's not true . Yes , it is . You and I have both known for a while . Richard , I 'm dying . Lily ... I know how hard this is on you , but you can 't give up . Shawn said he 's willing to stay here with you all day if he has to . He 'll keep you healthy . He can 'T . Not anymore . Are all these people 4400s ? Well , some are , and some just wish they were . Why would they want that ? Good morning . Welcome to the center . Are you a 4400 ? No , sweetie . Are you ? Well , it is an honor to meet you . Are you here to take our seminar ? No , we 're here to look at the school . We have an appointment with ms . Tobey . I 'll get her right away . In the meantime , would you sign in and register your ability ? We 're creating a database . You sure you want to do this ? I want to meet kids like me . My name is alana mareva . I have to admit , I was pretty hesitant about coming here today . I was lucky.My life was pretty much intact when I was returned . I never thought much about being a 4400 , but when we all got sick , and seeing everyone together in quarantine ... it made me feel like I had been denying a part of myself , so ... here I am , and I 'm glad I came . Anything you want to tell me ? Gary ... Let 's end this . I 'll let you sit down . Who contacted you first ? Just give me a name . Oh , man . So how about it ? October 19th is two days away . Now , you got something to tell me or not ? Suit yourself . One of our members has been compromised . I have to assume he 's going to give up my name . So you call me ? For all I know , ntac is monitoring this line . Well , we 're going to have to go underground . It 's going to cost money . You think I 'm just going to write you a check ? You can arrange it however you want . I need it tomorrow . I will see you at the usual spot at the usual time . We are in a war , and we all have to do our part . Talk to me , gary . What do you got to say , man ? Talk to me ! Talk to me , gary . I need names . Give me a name ! - Talk to me , gary . - Daniel armand ! Daniel armand . Daniel armand . Okay . It 's a start . - Who else ? - That 's it . He was my only contact . I never met anyone else in the group . He kept us all separate . I 'm sorry.I 'm just having a hard time believing that 's true . His pulse is tachy at 210 . Systolic 's up to 240 . We need to lay off . - We 've only got one name . - You can 't put him under again.Not for a few hours . We haven 't got a few hours . Don 't worry . He 's my responsibility . No , he 's not . He 's ours . And he 's done for the day . It 's okay , gary . Okay , so he 's back . It 's not like we weren 't expecting this . No . Relax . He won 't get anywhere near isabelle . We 'll find him and we 'll deal with it . You made a mistake . You 've got the wrong person . - I have to go . - I don 't think I do . Those things you told me ? Those things you said i 'm going to do ? That 's not me . I have a choice . And I don 't know who you are , and I don 't know how you think you know so much about me , but you 're wrong . Isabelle ... I understand why you 're having trouble adjusting . Growing up is hard . But don 't be angry at the messenger . It 's not my plan . I 'm just here to help facilitate . To help you reach your full potential . Think of me as a favorite uncle . No . No , I don 't have any uncles . I don 't have any uncles , and I won 't be a part of any plan . Fair enough . You can always opt out . You can even try saving your mother , if you like . How ? What is that ? Open it . There aren 't a lot of things that 'll hurt you , isabelle ... but that right there , that 'll do the job . If you can 't accept the fact that your life is vastly more important than your mother 's , just give yourself that shot . You 'll be dead in minutes . And lily ? Who knows . Maybe she 'll wake up and be a young woman again . Will it really save her ? I don 't know . It 's a gamble . But if you can 't live with who you are , then don 'T . Sorry about that . Ah . Good . I knew it . I knew I had a clean cup somewhere . Now , where are the filters ? It 's okay . I don 't need coffee . I swear I just saw them . Do you mind if I just use paper towels ? - Kevin , if I do this- - - " if " you do it ? You 're already doing it . You 're here , right ? If I monitor you throughout this experiment , I need you to know one thing- - if it gets to a point where your life is in danger , I am cutting this off . I will not stand by and watch you die . Well , I would hope not ... because I 'm too valuable . I think it 's going to be fun . I haven 't really ... worked with anyone for quite some time . I 'm looking forward to it . Me too . So ... want to draw some blood ? OCTOBER 18 We were just downstairs . The guard on duty said wood signed gary out . Gary was transferred to an nsa-run facility . But he 's a 4400 . He 's our jurisdiction . And someone at the pentagon signed an order overriding us . Apparently , they feel we lack experience in high-pressure interrogation . And who do you think put that little bug in their ear ? I don 't know if it was ryland or not , but we had our shot at navarro . Tomorrow is october 19th.We are a day away from an announced terrorist attack . The nsa thinks they can get him to talk . So where are they taking him ? - They didn 't share that information . - This is so wrong . This is the only place in the country that 's at least somewhat equipped to handle 4400s . Do you think that I didn 't tell them that ? They weren 't interested . - Isabelle . - Hi . May I come in ? Are you going somewhere ? I saw dad putting luggage into his car . Oh , we 're just going to try another clinic , but we will be away for a while . Do you want me to come with you ? No , it 's all right . Thank you . Now , if there 's anything that you need , you talk to shawn . He 'll be looking out for you . Okay ? And ... I want to give you this . It 's my wedding band . I inherited it from my grandmother . Her name was lily , too . You used to love to play with it when you were a little baby . I remember . I used to like to bite on it . And my finger , too . You can wear it if you want.I always knew that I would give it to you one day . It doesn 't fit me anymore , and ... I 'd hate to lose it . I 'll keep it safe for you . I know you will . I 'm sorry i have to leave so soon . I ... I wish we had more time together . - Well , when do you think you 'll be back ? - It 's hard to say . Goodbye , isabelle . Bye . Thank you very much . I 'll take her from here . Thank you . Okay ... you told her we were going over to the hospital ? How 'd it go over ? Fine.I had it easy . I got to lie . You 're the one who has to tell her the truth . What 's going on ? What 's happening ? We 'll get him . Funny , that 's the exact same thing navarro said about you . So far , he 's wrong . He never should have been moved in the first place . - There was no reason- - - there was every reason . You 're too soft , tom . I don 't know what 's happened to you . I had him , dennis ! You lost him ! Sunset 's in four hours . At this point , we can 't even say with 100 % certainty that it 's going to rise again in the morning , and the one guy who can tell us is gone . That 's a defeatist attitude . We 'll get him . Yeah . I know . You keep saying that . Hey , shawn . You got something for me ? Where 's daniel ? Busy . He sent me . No , no , no . That 's not how we work . Today it is . You can trust me . You saved my life . I owe you . Come on.Let 's get this over with . I feel a little naked standing out here . Thanks . Listen , if there 's ever anything you need- - you sold us out . - You okay ? - Yeah , I 'm fine . I don 't guess we 'll be seeing her in court any time soon . You did the right thing by calling us , shawn . Seriously.You 're a hero . One minute to go . Just tell me one thing- - are we as prepared as we can be ? The entire country is on level-red terror alert . All commercial air traffic has been suspended for the day . The national guard has been deployed to likely targets . " Likely targets . " Kind of a broad term . I wish T.J. Could have narrowed that down for us . Well , me , too , but we have to keep her sedated to inhibit her ability . She 's already turned this place into a war zone once . So now we wait . Anyone else feel like they 're staring at a doomsday clock ? Well , that 's it . October 19th . Looks like the world 's still here . For the moment , anyway . Oh , my god ! What ? What happened ? It 's the nova group . Certainly , " miracle " is an imprecise term , but I 'm not sure how else to describe it . To repeat , I 'm broadcasting livefrom the nubian desert north of khartoum , where , overnight , a thousand-acre patchof barren sand has somehow been transformedinto fertile wheat fields . Scientists are at a loss to explain the conversion , but tests confirm that the wheat is real and edible . There hasn 't been food growing in that part of the world since before the birth of christ . They make us all terrified , and then , rather than attacking us , they give us a gift . Our station has just received a statement from the radical 4400 organization known as the nova group , claiming responsibility for this morning 'S transformation . You are witnesses to the beginning of a new era . What happens next is up to you . The 4400 can be mankind 's greatest ally or its most dangerous adversary . Don 't kid yourself.It 's an attack . An act of aggression , anyway . They just showed everyonethat they can change the world , and there 's nota damn thing we can do about it . Hello ? I 'm very disappointed in you , shawn . Daniel . I realize you 're still a young man , but I 'm afraid i can 't forgive you . To repeat , I 'm broadcasting live from the nubian desert north of khartoum where , overnight ... it 's okay , kyle . Daddy 'S ... daddy 's here . I 'm right here . I 'm right here . Just go to sleep . Hey . I 'm tyler . Maia . lily ... we are here . Hasn 't changed much , has it ? No . We were so happy here . Just you and me and the baby . It was so much simpler . Would you like to head on inside ? Not just yet . No , let 'S ... let 's stay out here for a while . It 's so peaceful . Remember when you went into labor ? I could hardly get the car in gear . But you gave me directions to the hospital . How did you stay so calm ? Lily ? The 4400 Season 3 ( 2006 ) Episodes 1 2 - The New World -
