 NEW CAPRICA 67TH DAY OCCUPATION One for the road ? Keep off the cold and wet ? Oh , no Not for me Curfew 's in twenty minutes , the sun 's goin down even quicker The last thing I wanna do is spend the night in a Cylon jail cell Cylon 's show up to help us ... first thing they do is build a jail He 's so beautiful You two should have one ! We 're working on that ! Great work if you can get it ! Thanks ! Bye Bye , be safe We need to find you a lady , buddy , you 're starting to walk funny Yeah , if Nora has a sister , I 'm there ! Sorry , I can 't help you ! Story of my life ! Oh , no , no , no , no , no , we quit If we 're gonna have a baby , we gotta clean up our act You ... hear about Longo ? No , what ? Toasters got him Found his weapons stash You think Duck 'll bite ? Jammer 's finding out right now At least the cylon 's didn 't get um all Longo had these hidden under his latrine This is all that 's left ? This is frakking pathetic If this keeps up , we 'll have nothing but rocks left to throw at the bastards Yeah . And nobody to throw um They shot him in cold blood ? Toasters claim when they found his stash , he was reaching for his gun What ? Charlie 's not that stupid Those frakkers murdered him Gods ! Poor Charlie Hiding weapons in his tent ? What does he expect And now they want us to do their dirty work for them ? Are you kidding me ? New Caprica Police ? What a bunch of crap ! Some people say it 's a good thing Get the centurions off the streets and let us patrol them ourselves ? Maybe Charlie would still be still be alive if they had human No matter how you try to swing this , you work for the toasters , it 's treason That it 's Lets go Oh hell ! I ... I forgot my hat back at the chiefs I 'll see you later - Alright - See ya man What do you think about him being a Godfather ? Yeah Yeah ! Bedtime ... Adama 's not gonna have a hope in hell of getting us off this rock if we don 't put together an effective fighting force We 'll have to keep these here until we find a better hiding place Colonel , I 've got a wife , a newborn We 'll move them as soon as we can Well ? Duck hates the toasters , no doubt about that He 's also an ex Viper jock with forty kills ! Talk to him , make him understand that we need him ! Throw in some poetic crap ... about the struggle for liberty against the cylon oppressors , whatever it takes ! We need more people or this resistance movement is going to die in it 's crib Look , part of me would love to kick some chrome plated ass with you guys But , it 's not gonna happen I just ... got other plans Other plans . What the frak is that ? Nora So what ! I 've got a wife and a kid you don 't think I worry about them ? What kind of a future are we gonna leave them if we just lay down and quit ? ! That 's just a spineless excuse Duck 's no coward , Chief He made his choice , we made ours Let 's just leave it at that Frak that We give thanks for the food you have presented us May this harvest be spared the blight So say we all So say we all We picked up all the weapons from the other sites They 're in crates marked ' machine parts We 'll smuggle them over here a few at a time Wait a minute You want to hide the firearms in the temple ? Something wrong with that ? This is sacred ground The cylons respect that . Which is why we should leave the temple alone And that makes it the perfect hiding place But it 's sacrilege ! I 'll tell you what , you say a prayer , ask the Gods to forgive us We move the guns in tonight If it pleases you great Aphrodite , grant us a child If it pleased her , you 'd be pregnant already Well maybe if you came to temple with me once in a while ! The Gods help those who help themselves Ok Why don 't you get your butt over and help me then ! Jammer and Tyrol tried to recruit me today For the resistance ? Turned down Thank the Gods There was a time when I ... would have done it in a heartbeat but , I guess things change How ? You ! Still clear Ok , lets go , lets go , lets go May the Gods forgive us Lets go Jammer , lets go Reveille ! Up all bunks ! I thought I left all that military crap aboard Galactica Well you 're already late , Tyrol 's gonna kick your ass Here Do you maybe wanna meet me at temple when you get off ? I don 't do temple It 'd really mean a lot to me I don 't need all the bells and whistles I talk to the Gods in my own way But I 'll be there in spirit I 'll see you later tonight Ok Go , Go ! Five more minutes , Five more minutes You 're lucky Galen comes from a religious background Duck says he believes , but ... but I can never get him in here with me Galen 's having his own crisis of faith Finding out Brother Cavill was a cylon doesn 't help Still , you got him to agree to hold a dedication ceremony to the Gods for your son Small miracle It 's the small ones that keep me going Or like finding fresh greens for sale ? I got you some , I thought you might be too busy Oh thank you ! That is our temple Whats that ? Go back ! Infidels ! Stand aside ! We 're coming in ! Centurions ? What do they want in here ! Run ! If you insist Stand your ground ! Wait ! My bag ! Did she say anything ? No It happened so quickly She didn 't suffer That I should have been there . I should have ... I should have been with her She even asked me to go There is nothing you could have done Could have died with her Sometimes the will of the gods is not for FRAK THE GODS ! THE GODS KILLED HER ! Were there guns at the temple ? Doesn 't matter Toasters thought there were That 's not an answer Chief Yeah Go , Go . Just leave Listen ... GO ! Ten dead , twelve wounded They shot the temple to shreds I never dreamed we 'd get this lucky This lucky ? The cylons are cracking down ! They 're making random arrests ! One thousand people protested outside Colonial One today Temple massacre pushed people over the edge The populations with us now ! Solves our recruitment problem We 've gotten one hundred and fifty people to join up in the past 3 days Hell of a bargain for a few confiscated weapons What about the ten innocent people ! Why don 't you tell Duck what a bargain you got for Nora 's life You got that ass backwards Sonny We didn 't shoot those people , the chrome jobs did Yes we hid weapons there We 're not playing paddy cake here These bastards burned up twenty billion of us You gonna say that 's our fault too ? Instead of balling like a little girl you should focus on getting some payback Is that all this is about to you ? Blood for blood ? We 're at war War is messy People get killed Good people , nice people Get that through your head or get out We don 't need any cry babies in this outfit Of all the people for the toasters to grab , it had to be Jammer That little frak could give us all up Jammer may be a pain in the ass , but he 's no traitor . He 's not gonna talk Well I hope you 're right about him . For all our sakes NEW CAPRICA DETENCION CENTER This is so fraked up I 'm completely fraked Sorry to keep you waiting Have a seat if you would What am I doing here ? I haven 't done anything Of course Can I call you James ? Or ... do you prefer Jammer ? They weren 't supposed to cuff you , totally unnecessary . I apologize Can you tell me why I was arrested ? You 're not under arrest I brought you here , because ... I wanted to talk to you about what happened at the temple All I know about the temple is that you blew ten innocent people to pieces Yeah It might be hard for you to believe , but we all feel sick about it It 's , uh , tragic There 's no other word for it Centurions over-reacted But I think if you 're honest with yourself , you 'll admit that the shooting wasn 't entirely our fault That 's bullcrap We have always left your temple alone Never dreamed of sending centurions there , until someone ... decided to hide weapons in it We didn 't shoot those people , you did True And I accept full responsibility for that But bringing instruments of death into a house of worship is a sin Don 't you agree ? Think about it , James Whoever hid those weapons in there must have known we 'd catch wind of it Maybe ... they even leaked the information to us Maybe they wanted it to happen Why ? Because some people are afraid of peace Afraid to stop fighting Afraid of what they might be without it But you 're not one of those people , are you James ? You 'd like to put all this bloodshed behind you Get a place of your own one day , a farm maybe A wife , kids , a life Who wouldn 't ? Well , it 's not impossible , it could happen It could happen , for you , for me , for ... for all of us How ? Individuals like you and I ... have to be brave enough to demonstrate there is a better way Others are already doing it That juice ... comes from farms right here on New Caprica where cylons and humans are working together Growing things instead of killing each other The power grid is almost complete , so is the water system Thanks to your engineering teams and ours And when we can finally have human beings ... policing the streets instead of centurions , we will So , so that 's what all this is about ? You want me to join the New Caprica Police ? That 's never going to happen , I 'm not a fraking collaborator I 'm not asking you to be All I 'm asking is that you help me prevent another tragedy like the temple shooting How am I supposed to do that ? Show this at the gate then you 'll be able to see you right away If you hear of anything that could lead to more bloodshed , get a hold of me Maybe the two of us ... can find a way to stop more innocent people from being killed NEW CAPRICA DETENTION CENTER Hey H ... Hey How did you know ? Rumor told me What 's it like in there , anyway ? It 's pretty rough ? Yeah , it is . Some skin job all over me about the temple massacre , the weapons , who , what , where , you know the usual stuff Just like you 'd expect And ? I told him to go frak himself Good I would have liked to seen the look on his face Yeah He was one pissed off toaster I bet he was With this mark , we dedicate Nicholas Steven Tyrol to the service of Aries and Apollo May he prove worthy of their blessings , and those of mighty Zeus So say we all So say we all He 's wet again Here , give him to me , I 'll get it No , that 's ok It 's my turn Thanks , sweetie Chief ... Whats up ? What the hell is that ? I joined the New Caprica Police You 're gonna work for the toasters after they killed Nora ? Some motherfraker obviously told them we were hiding weapons in here If I join them maybe I can find out who That 's pretty dangerous Welcome back to the fight Thanks , Chief Hey , Duck Careful Yeah Hey Chief , now that we got more people on board , it 's time for a major hit on the skin jobs Anders found us a source of Ammonium Nitrate Good , we 'll need to find a place to turn it into explosives I was thinking right under the grain storage tent No , no , that 's right across from the hospital If we frak up and that stuff explodes those patients ... The patients will have to take their chances Right OK . I 'm gonna go check up on Duck Thought you quit ? What frakin difference does it make now Take it easy , bro Yeah , easy
