 LAURA : Previously on Surface . phil : You sure your parents won 't notice ? ( screaming ) ( SQUAWKlNG ) phil : Whoa ! I think he likes them alive . LEE : Looks like you caught your fish . Shut it down now ! SURGEON : The damage to his face was extensive . DOCTOR : I was about to pronounce when the nurse found an extremely faint pulse . Mr. Singh ? The Institute 's research programs have been suspended indefinitely . I was the one that saw it Alone , at 5,000 feet . A new vertebrate ! rich : George did not drown ! TRACY : Hon , I don 't think you were in your right mind . That thing took my brother and I ain 't leaving until I get a look at it . JESSE : Mom , what kind of snakes are they ? LAURA : They 're not snakes , baby , they 're hagfish . LAURA : These hagfish fed on the carcass . Daughtery , you can 't be here . I have a right to my own work , and a right to my own research , and a right to know what 's down there . This is gonna help me . I met someone else who saw it . " lt " ? Yeah . The sea monster Godzilla thing . Yes . Come on , now , this is a good thing . It means I 'm not crazy ! ( KADEE whooping ) KADEE : Let 's see . Over there . Somewhere over there is Austin . That 's where I go to school . ( MALLORY whooping ) And down there on the boat , that is Mallory and Garth . Great job , Kadee ! Just look at her ! Good job ! You know , I cannot believe you guys talked me into this . I can 't believe she did it . I 'd wet my pants . ( KADEE whooping ) Let 's see . Over there is ... What is that ? KADEE : What ... GARTH : You 're doing great ! Mallory , turn around ! Turn around ! Look out ! Oh , my God ! Turn around ! ( EXCLAlMlNG ) Go that way . Look at her . She is scared to death ! Guys , look out ! Look out ! ( whooping ) ( screaming ) KADEE : Oh , my God ! ( ALL screaming ) KADEE : Look out ! Oh , my God ! ( LOW growling ) ( NlM GRUNTlNG ) ( MAN chattering ON TV ) sylvia : Is that age-appropriate behavior ? RON : Hmm ? All that time in a playhouse . They 're making a fort . Boys make forts . ( WATER splashing ) You ready , Nim ? ( NlM GRUNTlNG ) ( NlM screeching ) phil : What do you think of your new home ? He digs it . ( NlM PURRlNG ) ( BELLS ringing ) You realize this is a misappropriation of university funds . I would have gone someplace else , but I don 't know that many people who can barcode DNA . Well , there 's that . Yeah . So where 'd you get the sample ? Intestines of a hagfish . A hagfish is a primitive vertebrate . It feeds on carrion . Really ? So what is it ? Well , it 's 90 % junk DNA , 10 % Liopleurodon . What 's that ? Kind of a prehistoric eel . Is that a species that exists near the rift ? Well , it did . Liopleurodon is extinct . It has been for 100 million years . Honey , honey ! What ? I found the perfect thing for us to do as a family . Oh , that would be good . Hey ! Hey , girls ! Who wants to go on an adventure ? BOTH : We do ! We do ! What kind of adventure ? It 's gonna be the type of adventure where we learn all about new animals that are just now being discovered . What kind of animals , Daddy ? Like the ones you saw in the ocean ? " Southeastern Cryptozoology Conference " . Yeah , yeah ! In Houston ! Today ! Today ! Isn 't that cool ? Cryptozoology ? ( chuckling ) Yeah , yeah . It 's the ... It 's the study of undocumented animals . Mmm-hmm . Oh ! And guess what , girls ? They 're gonna teach us how to make a plaster casting track . You know , that 's the thing you put ... Plaster casting track . And then they 're gonna have field photography I can 't believe we 're having this conversation , actually . Baby , come on . At the very least , it 's a family outing , right ? Yeah . Come on , girls ! We gotta go , go , go ! ( rich whooping ) This is gonna be a ball . Awesome ! Awesome ! Great . Nim ? Got you some goldfish , Nim . ( NlM PURRlNG ) You know it 's dinner time , don 't you , Nim ? Here you go . ( NlM SQUAWKlNG ) I hate it when he does that . That is so sick . MAN : I 'll take one . WOMAN : Here you go . MAN : Thank you . WOMAN 2 : Hi , how you doing ? rich : Get one of these . MAN 2 : You can see it 's amphibian in nature . emily : Hey , let 's go over here ! Girls , stay where I can see you . MAN 3 : Oddly enough , this specimen has eleven legs . WOMAN 3 : I myself saw a marine humanoid off the Keys swim parallel to our boat for over 90 minutes . She 's the most rational woman you 've ever met . Till this day she 's got a weekend that she just can 't account for . MAN 4 : Hundred and eleven men on the USS Topeka are still unaccounted for , despite the government cover-up that they lost the sub . ( PEOPLE chattering ) Did you take that ? May 17th , 2002 . Twenty miles off Mobile . It made a sound I do not want to hear twice in my life . I can see by your interest that you 've had an encounter . ( CLEARS THROAT ) As a matter of fact ... Late May , maybe June ? Late May . How long were you in contact ? One , maybe two minutes . Did you see the lights ? Dozens . You know , that 's a first . Do you mind if I make a record of your experience ? I absolutely mind . Any side effects since the encounter ? Yeah , I mean , I 've been having some episodes , you know , like panic attacks . Of course you have . It 's the only sane response to the insane . emily : Mom ? What is it , honey ? There are dinosaurs in the Bible . You know , I 've had similar panic attacks . I 've had some recurring nightmares . Rich . Do you hear voices ? Baby , hang on a second . I 'm talking about something real important here . We are leaving . Honey , we just got here . Now . So how long were you a prisoner ? What ? A prisoner in the Aquatic City . ClRKO : You 're in perfect health . Recovery 's total , best we can tell . When can I see my kids ? Lee 's okayed a phone call in time , but I want to keep you under observation for a few more weeks . Never thought I 'd be the one under the microscope . Excuse me for interrupting . There 's been a new citing , in Texas . In the Gulf ? No . Three hundred miles inland . ( siren wailing ) Fourteen confirmed casualties . AP 's reporting that the lake collapsed into a sinkhole . So far it 's getting traction . For now . Relax . Containment 's my specialty . Have we sent anyone below ? The heat is too intense to send someone down . But we are working on an ROV . This extends the range estimate . Yeah , to land . This message is for Aleksander Cirko . I am in the possession of some very compelling evidence that I feel certain he will be interested in discussing . Please call me before 5 : 00 p.m. or my next call will be the Berrong Institute . Let 's see if that gets a reaction . What 's a " final notice " ? Oh ! ( PHONE ringing ) Hello ? It 's Aleksander Cirko . Meet me at the Sausalito waterfront tomorrow at 9 : 00 . Is that the reaction ? Yeah . ( knocking ON DOOR ) One-handing it again , kiddo ? Huh ? ( laughing ) What you doing ? Eels ? Some biology paper ? Well , they have these special cells that all polarize at the same time and , well , the eel becomes like a battery , which is ... Sounds pretty interesting . Do you know of any other animals besides the electric eel that shock ? Other than your mother , no . ( BOTH laughing ) ( sighing ) I love you , Son . I love you , too . Well , off drugs , out of prison , that 's all I ask . Anybody pregnant ? Just kidding . What about fireflies ? Fireflies ? Other electric animals . They glow , right ? ( chuckling ) Good night . Fireflies ? You know what , hon ? I learned a lot more about cryptozoology than I ever thought I was gonna . Amen . Yeah , it could have been a lot worse , though , you know ? How is that ? Well , I could have been a prisoner in the Aquatic City . Oh , man . Those people were crazy , weren 't they ? Hey , you know what I was thinking ? Maybe we should take the girls to the Gulf this weekend . You know ... It 'd be good for them to get out and have some fun . I don 't know if I 'm ready to go back in the water just yet , baby . Do you think we should go see someone ? No . That won 't help . Don 't be so hard-headed . I am hard-headed . Then help me understand . I don 't understand . That 's the problem . Okay . Come on , Cirko . You tell me 9 : 00 , I get a sitter for 9 : 00 , I 'm here at 9 : 00 . ( helicopter WHlRRlNG ) ClRKO : I was surprised to hear from you . Yeah , well , I guess I took a chance and assumed that underneath all the hardware you still might be dedicated to open science . Where would you get an idea like that ? I have a dog-eared copy of Sudden Evolution on my bookshelf . Here 's a sample of the extinct genetic material . And yet here it is . It suggests to me that this animal is anything but what , extinct . The sea contains many mysteries , Doctor . An underwater volcano . A big one , I think . Enough to annihilate all marine life for 100 miles . This is where you first encountered it . The exact latitude . But that can 't be a coincidence . I 'm sure it isn 't . I wanted you to see this . To see that there are consequences here beyond any you may have imagined . Consequences that make the normal method of collaborations impossible . Is that a threat ? I wish it weren 't . ( music playing ON STEREO ) Hey , Frodo . What are you gonna do about my jewelry box you broke ? Nothing . I don 't think Sylvia 's gonna be down with your little goblin gulag . If you tell Mom about Nim , it 'll be war . Don 't threaten me . The party , Greg , Valentine 's ? Yeah . It 's all on the table . Why do you care about that disgusting thing so much ? Why do you care about your pom-pom squad ? Because it 's meaningful , because it represents accomplishment . Yeah ? So will Nim . Yeah ? I 'd like to see that on an application to Duke . Extracurriculars , " Raised big lizard " . You 're a lock , buddy . Not everyone cares about going to Duke . Yeah , and what do you care about , Miles ? Komodo dragons , wizards , creatures from another planet ? What do you have against komodo dragons ? You are hopeless . Why don 't you just file for unemployment now and get a jump on it . You know what your problem is ? Please , enlighten me . You don 't have a sense of wonder . You get that off a greeting card ? Well , at least I still have some kid in me . Yeah , I can see that . You 're heading towards the playhouse ! ( NlM GRUNTlNG ) Please , Doctor , listen to me . A new vertebrate has emerged and Cirko and his people are denying access . Alex Cirko ? Yeah , Alex Cirko . Nobody 's heard from him in 15 years . Well , now he 's back and he 's confiscated my research . So , you had an encounter with a species ? Yes , and it almost destroyed a 50 ton submersible . And where 's the submersible ? I told you , the Mystic is confiscated . They probably took it down to the San Juan de Fuca ... They confiscated it ? Wait , hang on a second . Look , here 's a sample . Look , go ahead , look at it , you prove me wrong . You know , I want to help you . I really do . But it 's just gonna be tough in light of this whole plagiarism thing . You don 't know ? Know what ? I got a phone call this morning from Bessemet in Hawaii . And according to him , three paragraphs of your thesis were lifted verbatim . That 's absurd . He made it sound pretty airtight . Your degree 's under review . Plagiarism , until it 's resolved , there 's not much I can do . This is all part of it . Part of what ? Part of what ? Hon. Hi . You 're gonna be late on your first day back . Oh , gosh . Go , go . So I don 't like to fraternize with plagiarists , so I have to ask . Yeah , I did it . I lifted it all . Hey , I understand . I wrote my thesis on caffeine pills and white wine . I get the temptation . Come on , this is serious . They framed me , Carolyn . Okay , I know . Relax . This is past due , you know . Yeah , that 's what happens when you get a divorce and lose your job . So get a new one . Who 's gonna hire me ? It doesn 't even matter that I 'm innocent . Right now , I 'm unemployable . I have rent to pay ... Okay , okay . Let 's just assume that everything you 've told me is true . That there 's an extinct sea monster in the ocean . The government doesn 't want people to know about it , and they 're gonna do what they have to , to keep a lid on it . And they don 't fight fair . So why should you ? Sometimes ... . If she doesn 't wanna do something , she won 't do it . MAN : ( ON TV ) She 's generally not aggressive towards people , but if they have a dog ... ( DOGS howling ) MAN 2 : ( ON TV ) She 's a powerful breed . You have to learn a technique which allows the brain to snap out of it . Hey , there . What are you watching ? A show about training dogs . We don 't have a dog , Miles . Mom , I 'm trying to watch here . It doesn 't mean you have to live like that forever . Owners change . The dog is not going to be able to change on his own . Whoever is around Emily have to represent authority figure . That 's the only way we can correct the problem when she makes a mistake . Good to see you again , Rich . Rich , I 'm so sorry . Hi . MAN : Hey , Rich . Welcome back . I 'm so sorry about your brother . Sorry , Rich . WOMAN : If there 's anything I can do . ( PEOPLE chattering ) MAN 2 : Miss Wilson , you 're still there ? MAN 3 : Hi . I 'm sorry to put you on hold . ( NlM snorting ) Dude , he 's gonna spark , knock you out and eat your face . Not if I don 't challenge him . He thinks we 're his pack and there 's a pecking order . If he thinks he 's higher than me , then he 'll challenge me with aggressive behavior . Oh . ( NlM whining ) ( music playing ON STEREO ) Savannah , do you know where Miles hid my tools ? I think I saw him out by the playhouse . With tools come responsibility . Miles , how many times have we been through this , huh ? He 's a proud breed . You just have to teach him who 's the master . Yeah . ( NlM screeching ) ( distorted voice chattering ON TV ) ( NlM screeching ) Whoa . Miles . Hi , Phil . Hey . There it is . ( stuttering ) There what is , Dad ? My toolbox . When we borrow things , we put them back . Sorry , Pop . I want to see my tools back in their proper location from now on , okay ? No problem . ( sighing ) ( PHONE ringing ) MAN : Yes , ma 'am . We 'd be more than happy to take care of that for you . Mmm-hmm . Your policy is definitely strong right now and the deductible is very high , so that 's good . Yes , ma 'am , I can look at it right now . Give me just a second , okay ? Okay . GEORGE : Hey , Rich . Rich . MAN : Rich ! ( PHONE ringing ) You 're spilling , man . ( sighing ) rich : Huge . Where did you see it ? What are you doing up ? miles : Nothing . ( sighing ) How did you respond to Daughtery ? She 's been contained . Your specialty . I have some experience with whistle blowers . Talk would only make her more determined . So you ruin her career . She has a son , you know ? Let 's get to the debrief . This footage was shot last night inside the sinkhole in Texas . A Navy robot was outfitted to withstand heat up to 800 degrees . How far did it get ? Forty-three , 44 miles all the way to the magma . That 's when the ROV melted . But not before it sent back this . Why don 't they burn up in the heat ? Perhaps its home . You mean that this is their habitat ? Maybe the species isn 't a sudden evolutionary mutation . Maybe they 've been down there , in the earth , the whole time . ClRKO : The secretion 's ability to recuperate is remarkable . In addition to facilitating Dr. Singh 's recovery , we 've documented it restoring diseased cells at a nuclear level . No matter how we regulated the temperature , we were losing the sample . Yeah . This image has been slowed down so you can see the deterioration . Millions of cells per second . It would have been gone by dawn . We had no choice but to freeze it . Imagine the possibilities , Davis . A new era of medicine , maybe the end of disease . ( SCOFFlNG ) You know your problem , Doctor ? You 're an optimist . Hi . I 'm looking for a Wayne Johnson . You got him . Hi , I 'm Dr. Laura Daughtery . Hi . Affiliation ? Monterey Oceanographic . Look , I was interested in getting a recording from one of your hydrophones a week or so back . Yeah , what for ? I was on a dive the other weekend sponsored by the Institute and we came across an animal that , quite frankly , I couldn 't identify . ( sighing ) Well , I got over 500 hydrophones from Reykjavik all the way to the Cape of Good Hope . Without specific coordinates ... 46 , 15 North , 129 , 53 West . That 's near the San Juan de Fuca . Yes , sir . Yes , it is . What day ? September 19th . September 19th ? Two guys came in here yesterday looking for the exact same thing . You should be dead . Extensive facial contusions , massive blood loss and look at you . I 'm a miracle . There are no miracles in science . Somehow this species produces a collagen-binding membrane like obratzin . This allows them to survive in such a hostile environment . Alex ? What are you doing ? Nothing . Nothing . LAURA : Who are the ... Who are these guys ? Both of them are civilians , but they had DOD credentials and a subpoena to confiscate the material . So they seized the sound file ? From the mike you 're talking about , yeah . So what 's the range on these mikes ? 500 miles , give or take . So , could I pull the sound file from the next mike up the chain , say , like that one ? Do you know how loud an animal would have to be in order to be audible underwater from 100 miles away ? You haven 't heard the animal I 'm looking for . ( WATER running ) ( JESSE chattering ) It 's like a needle in a haystack . You 're eating my head ! Did you hear it ? No . What 's it matter , anyways ? A wild recording means Mommy could get a grant or a job or ... JESSE : Pay the power bill ? Today 's gonna be a good day . No hearing voices , just a regular day for us regular folks . Yep , just a day in the life . Okay . Go make yourself useful . ( THUNDER rumbling ) ( DOOR BELL tinkles ) Looks like we 're in for one , huh ? ( music playing ) Hi . I heard you were hiring ? WlLLlS : You have some restaurant experience ? It 's how I paid my way through graduate school . Yes , I see , Dr. Daughtery . You certainly are qualified . It 's $ 4.25 an hour plus tips . When do I start ? ( THUNDER rumbling ) ( sighing ) ( CASH register printing ) ( BELL TlNKLlNG ) ( THUNDER clapping ) GEORGE : Rich . Rich . Rich . sylvia : All right , Miles , it 's your turn to say grace . ( THUNDER rumbling ) Heavenly Father , please bless this food to the nourishment of our bodies . Amen . I think it would be nice if you said something meaningful during the blessing . Dear God , thank you for giving me the opportunities that you have . Thank you for my loved one . Ones . I 'm trying not to get frustrated even though I know most kids would have given up by now . I know that through consistency and repetition , through positive reinforcement and not rewarding bad behavior that you 'll take care of everything . Because deep down I know that there 's something good in everybody and it just has to be given a chance . Amen . Amen . sylvia : Amen . Thank you , Miles . Okay , that was creepy . Savannah . What ? Hey , I applaud the effort . ( GLASS shattering ) Miles ! Miles ! ( DOG barking ) Miles ! Jeez ! SAVANNAH : Oh , my God , the playhouse . Everyone get back inside . Just get back inside ! RON : Miles ! SAVANNAH : Get away ! Miles , come here . Miles . RON : Miles , we 've gotta get back inside , buddy . Miles , come on . Let 's get inside before we get struck . Come on ! Come on ! Miles ! Get back inside ! Come on ! Oh , Rich . Rich , honey ? Honey ? What happened ? ( THUNDER rumbling ) Something wonderful . What ? Rich ? Honey , look at me . Look at me . My brother , George , he 's still alive and he 's talking to me . Hey , you went for the heat . It 's okay . ( NlM PURRlNG ) It 's okay , little buddy . Did you do it ? Did you make the lightning flatten Savannah 's playhouse ? Did you ? Good boy . ( sighing ) Twelve hours , $ 68 . ( WATER running ) So much for my thesis . ( SPEAKER jarring ) ( LOW growling ) Wrong bandwidth . I have you on the wrong bandwidth . ( LOW growling ) Cirko , it 's Laura Daughtery . I need you to listen to this . Okay , hear this . ( GROWLlNG ) Do you hear that sound ? That is the species . I have it on tape . LEE : You shouldn 't be calling . Who is this ? I believe Dr. Cirko gave you some advice about pursuing this , Dr. Daughtery . Is that what you call it ? " Advice " ? Is that what you call framing someone for plagiarism , taking their career away from them ? When are you guys gonna realize that I am in it ? I 'm not going anywhere . I have proof ! I have evidence of a new life form , on tape . I have proof ! ( dial TONE ) ( CREATURE GRUNTlNG ) Imagine a perfectly evolved animal , Mr. Lee . One that has ability to heal itself instantaneously . And you 've replicated the results under controlled conditions ? Wasn 't this proof enough ? Nothing , not a scratch . Such a species might well be invincible . Impervious to physical harm . Quite fascinating . LEE : I 'm not sure I share your enthusiasm . Wadham 's report came in . A complete thermogram of the entire San Juan de Fuca plate . " Significant thermohaline deterioration across the northern Pacific . " The ocean 's heating up . Yes . They dig , they release heat . The question , Mr. Lee , is how much ? Old Faithful erupts more frequently than any of the other big geysers , although it 's not the largest or the most regular geyser in the park . ( rumbling ) The average interval between eruptions is 91 minutes . Each eruption will expel between 3,700 and 8,400 gallons of boiling water and reach heights of 106 to 184 feet . ( rumbling ) Although , the interval between eruptions has lengthened due to vandalism and earthquakes . Old Faithful is still as predictable as it was a century ago . ( ALL screaming )
