 4 . 3 . 2 . 1 . 0 . Worked rockets . Good work , we are flying 22 thousand miles per hour . " And a small step for a man , but , a gigantic one I jump for the Humanity . " Said sentence for Neil Armstrong on July 21 , 1969 . Good morning Sunshine ! his / her sister this wakened up ? I don 't know where her this . He / she seems that you had a wild night . Well ! His / her good morning majesty ? Good morning . That time I don 't want circles in my pancake . Here this . You are agitated that guile . - Good morning friends ? - Good morning . I don 't know how to balance to be free from the rain and those things . I have money to go ties California . Eat the coffee of the guile please . I don 't like of like you he / she did . Excuse me dear , he / she began like Venus and ... he / she grew . - I won 't eat . - Me also . Girls ... You this sells , the planets they are not just aligned . - Didn 't Shepard still wake up ? - No , I think still this sleeping . Making better avi.es. - Sleepy good morning . - Father . You received an e-mail from that problem of fuel . Of : " Fuel for you . " For : " Apollo 13 " Meet at Red 's Branding 's bar I think maybe will be able to to get fuel ? The one that you find of that sweater for my father ? - I would divorce of him . - And the color ? Why don 't leave the family to work in that for him . You want me to wrap , or do I only give for you ? Why you think yours does father need a great pooh ? The color and of salmon . But the color interns and the same . I like to catch the fish and you pull him / it outside . Not in another way . Here we are . Will my favorite customer enter ? He / she will make me one loan for the coffee ? It depends on like you I will reward myself . How is it going the man rocket ? Well , Frank , well . - We are making bets . - Truth ? Which the possibilities ? The best and , his / her husband never anger to do , or he had been exploded . Legal . All of us will be rich , with the farmer 's failure . Which bet will you want to do ? Why no he / she pays that Frank ? That space clothes , allows me to control the temperature and the pressure ... That I need to go to the space . And as if he / she had his / her own one climate controller internally . Because in the space and a lot , very cold . Some questions ? Uau ! Because they don 't lower the hands , I go to appear , beginning here in front , and you ? - Did you buy the clothes ? - No , I didn 't buy the clothes . Where did you get ? Actually , somebody threw away , and I just diffused . Were you already in the space ? No . Not yet . Stanley , is saying for all on her father the astronaut . We needed more parents disposed to dress to act . To encourage the children , to activate their imaginac.es. Yes lady . Many parents just solve they appear clowns ' dresses . You made a work of high level to dress with that fantasy . I appreciate that , have a good morning . You and the face of the fuel ? Appolo 13 ? It is never known what means him / it that he / she appears in the screen of the computer . I appreciate you to have come ties here . I wrote here , I put oh . 10 thousand pounds of fuel , that this certain ? Yes . Do you plan to throw a rocket ? Yes . You this playing with me , right ? No . Some problem ? Well ... 10 pounds 20 or maybe 100 pounds . No and problem . 10 thousand pounds 10 thousand problems . - So that you need . - Which and the damage ? 50 thousand , in money . Already paid 6 mortgages . I don 't know him / it as you this close to the bankruptcy ? I think you don 't understand him / it as I am close of the release . How many times do you know I heard that ? Arnie , and an emergency , right ? He / she thinks I don 't know that that and an emergency , we have 50 emergencies well here . Ah , 20 . 20 prorrogac.es , when had he / she paid the 20 ? More of the half they are debts that me I assumed of my father 's death . And the bank , assumes that you will pay of turn . Do you want a piece of advice ? I don 't have money for to pay for pieces of advice , Arnold . I don 't want to say as to administer their businesses . - Then no knife . - But I need . Because I am in first place friend , and the bank in second , right ? The people of here find that you and crazy . I think that you and a genius . Yours credits and bad , but he / she has a great character , and ... His / her space and incredible rocket . But as friend , I have that glance in their eyes and saying that : I think this in the hour of you to give up . Wait . I need payment Farmer ! Ok . Ladies and gentlemen pay attention , please . I go ties the moon and I take the balloon . I go ties the moon and I take and I take the ribbon of Austin . I believe that you are going to the moon . - I go , and I will take him / it Mr. Ground . - No ! But not in the table . - It cannot take a hamster for the moon . - Yes it can . Yes , she can , I believe that she is going to the moon . I am going to the moon and I will take sugar . Excuse me , his / her sister 's objective and to connect a common theme , basing on the one that the father built , excuse me but you it cannot go to the moon . The mom will do with that I go . Certain , and my time . I go ties the moon , and I will take ... Sunshine . Well , since she doesn 't breathe , me I believe that all of us are going to the moon . So that it serves that button dad ? Oh , that button ? And better than you girls are held , because they travel will have her / it many jolt . We are arising , we are arising ! Ah , here this , we are in the space . No and beautiful outside ? Ok , so that it serves that button ? That ? - Yes . - That also and a very special button . That and who brings the father home , we have to have that there . Because if the father doesn 't have that button , I will be there for a long , long period . Stanley ? Sunshine ? Hour of going for bed . - My angels . - Good night . Good night , dear good night . They are going to bed . - Do I have ? - Hello Audrey . - How does it go ? - Very good . Yes . I don 't just know ... If that equipment will work in the hour of the release , you know . You don 't believe that me will I throw , do you believe ? I always believe that you will throw the rocket ... Some day . Some day this arriving fast . - Charles , has just eaten something . - Don 't worry wanted . Charles you need to take bath ! This smelling r rocket . - I don 't believe , you don 't wash their hands . - Wanted I wash my hands . Look at that , look at that . Dear where this ... where this his / her alliance ? She was somewhere . Oh , face doesn 't believe that he / she left somewhere . Oh , wanted ... he / she left and me encounter , don 't worry . That no and a star , that and a shooting star . Why you only eat the don 't machmelos , like the cereal ? He / she has wood taste . Look here ! A machmelo spoon . And , but he / she has a cereal piece . Hum ! A cereal piece , certain , I am already removing him . You know him / it that me did they make to stop doing ? I don 't put more milk in mine cereal , and the fault and yours . I don 't put milk in mine . - Hello Audrey ? - I have ! Look who this here . Ei ! Or ! Or ! Or ! He / she calms , it calms , calm . - Hello grandpa . - This very dear one . - Hello grandpa . - Girls , my type of small person . Ei , Hal . Like you this feeling ? I am ... in the reality feeling well . - He / she sits down Hal . Let us go . - Here , grandpa walking , Oh certain . Farmer , you really did a great progress . Yes . That will need a lot of potency to put that specific aircraft ... In the space . Yes . I never knew that was like this big . You got for you same one great value in piece of metal Bug . Here we have one material of first . I have to sell my tail for the bank to maintain him / it protected . Farmer ? Ei Carlos , as it is going face ? I need yours signature for that letter . Oh ! Now , with certainty that he / she won my attention . - I thank , it ties the close . - Good-bye . Farmer ! You want my house me Ihe give brick for brick . That era the procedure Farmer . I didn 't have choice ... The bank more he / she cannot wait nor one more day , does he / she want to know ? Nor me , because you he / she already passed a lot haul of the limits . He / she gave day forward you and only a banker . Because a friend he / she doesn 't do what you did . You know that if I didn 't worry with you , I would not order a warning . - Truth ? - You have 30 days . You have to open their eyes , look , that and a warning to wake up . Because the dream ended , he / she has to stop now , before that you lose everything , you ! Farmer ! As this Chopper , how is it going his / her father ? Waiting for you . Does he / she want a ride ? He / she doesn 't have problem , follow me . Curse . What did you make Arnold ? How much does he owe for the bank Arnold ? More than 60 thousand dollars . 60 thousand dollars ! Him and dangerous , he threw a brick in me ! That and enough Arnold . It is enough ! Does the bank accept excuse ? - Well ? - I think so . Farmer , is excused to the bank . Say excuses me . Arnold , excuse me . Great . Now , I will administer one he / she forms of beating in matter . Chopper can accompany Arnold outside . Assume the position . You won 't beat myself with that thing , does it go ? We go , you know that won 't be hit . But with that you put yours family , and you even in serious risks . One day and a brick , in the other a candy . Men do desperate things ... When they are to lose the ranch . I will have to ask you for to do a ... psychological evaluation For Arnold to be comfortable with you in the society ... You have to visit a psychiatrist . Go ties the school ... He / she sees nurse Goode of there , and speak to her . It swallows the form of turn for me . - Did you go diffuse for the the one what ? - Sleeping at the room . - And you ? - Broken window . Then , which you go to want to be when to leave of here ? - I don 't know . - The one that you want to say with : Don 't I know ? I don 't know . Well , I will tell you something : And better than you know what wants to do , before somebody decides for you . Trust me . Farmer , nurse Goode will see you now . Right . Well , good luck . Charles Farmer . Hi , Beth I should give that for you . The judge ordered . Thank you , right . Hum ! You don 't think ... Justice a little late would not madness be for you ? To jump of a bridge and madness Beth . And to build a rocket no and ? I threw a brick for the window , and for that what am I here , right ? Like you it would like that we talked ... His / her desire to leave the planet ? - He / she would not like . - Charles . I didn 't hope you went to open up , and to begin to speak soon in the first section . Section ? Does he / she have sec.es ? All of us are onions , Charles . We have , many , many , a lot of layers to cross . Does he / she understand him / it what I am saying ? And , and as ... well , when he / she peels off an onion , you make to appear tears that happens ... Do Beth , please stop certain ? Listen , my father never he / she told me that he / she loved me . And , you know , I am sure that his / her father didn 't also speak to you . The resentment that you sit down , to torture their relatives doesn 't go to fill his / her rocket of fuel . Did you finish ? You no this understanding ! The rocket , is not going you to bring a happy childhood . All of us have to grow , and ... and to take responsibilities . He / she remembers during the dance of graduation of the student I asked you for it ties the moon with me ? Well Charles , that was a proposal to go out . I still have to go walking . We still didn 't finish Charles . Is that considered another section ? Did you already think about teacher to be ? That devils I will teach , what not to do ? No ! Charles you can inspire some boy has to do what you are not able to . But I can , and I will make Beth . I hate to be the person r to say for you , but you no and an astronaut Charles . He / she didn 't happen , and ... this everything well ! He / she knows , the military ones are not proud . But we continued loving you , and you didn 't fail . - And don 't look in that way . - I know . Oh , my God , you need help . Yes , you this right one , I need of help , I need to find Shepard ... Because I need to do the release within 30 days . Charles you need to find a way of controlling his / her rage . Or else he / she had shown in one explosion , as a space rocket . Charles Farmer ! Mrs. Gram , I came here for to diffuse borrowed a child . I need to use an engineer like you there home . Then , arrange yours things and come with me . Excuse me , but , we are in the middle of the history class . I sin excuses Mrs. Gram , but ... You just teach as writing history , I will show as doing . Have a good morning wanted . - Where do we go ? - Where do we go ? House . He / she marries , we know about that , but does that seem the different road to be ? And a long road it ties to arrive home . Each one of you now is part of the Space Program of Farmer . If somebody sits down that he or she are not fit ... In being in the Space Program of Farmer , then he / she should speak his / her opinion now . That means that us no will we need to go for school ? Correct . But , each guile us we will set up a room . And we will study the regular subjects , then when you return to the school . - You won 't be late . - Yes , gentleman . Any question ? That and everything ? No dear , not yet . - Which and the size of the rocket ? - And big . Legal . Did you see then ? Of course I saw . And you think will he let to see me ? - It depends . - It depends ! Of the one what ? No and as if I will run for the whole city saying " I saw him . " Smiling , you counted . Ei Karl , did Phyllis come to play ? What this happening ? Why the children they are not at the school ? I went ties the school , she talked with me and I think finished . Charles , you need to answer my question ; What this happening ? Hi , Hal ! Do you want to do part of the program ? A type of Space Program . Charles ? ! Good-bye Phyllis . I want you here tomorrow of guile rs 5 : 00 hours . Punctual , right ? Yes , Mr. I will go back home . Right . They will go back to the school tomorrow . They are 3 weeks at least , 5 weeks at the most ... And they will go back to the school , I promise for you . Listen to me dear , you he / she knows a lot as well as I know ... That they won 't receive the type of teaching in the school that you / they will receive here . Nor they teach more sciences in those schools . He / she knows him / it that the teacher of did sciences of Shepard say for him ? Understand that ! She said that sciences no and sexy . I want to say , you want that yours girls only increase knowing ... Because Mercury and hot , do you know ? What devils did happen with you ? They are five weeks at the most . And they go back to the school , do I promise , right ? we Needed that information , they know how many entrances do have in that property ? the farm has four entrances ... Alert 400 , we have miles to search . we Continued driving out of the property it is wanted to know . Roger , we understood . This below the area where this going , you will have condic.es of seeing now . Him this coming of the hill . We have 7 suspects ... we have some suspect done add at the place , Luiz Garcia ? Confirming that . the farm this surrounded , the area this holds . Do I can help them ? - Charles Farmer ? - Yes . We are of FBI . Mister , we are knowing through electronic documents ... That you are seeking for fuel of high quality , common in the use for ... To throw rockets . You have knowledge ... That you don 't have an illegal alien working in his / her property ? Pepe Garcia . Jesus Garcia says . If you cooperate ... We can find a way with that the Mr. Garcia continues here with his / her family . - We are going to the moon . - That and really rotten . We are doing a generous proposal . And where this going that man ? It is very simple Mr. Farmer ... It is illegal to try to get that type of fuel for private use . Any one that try acquire that type of fuel ... He / she has to be considered as a threat . That and a true agreement . I am not threat . Well , like us we will know that you no this building an ogiva , bomb . Because I am not in war . We only want you to know that his / her small rocket won 't fly ... While we are doing this investigation . Yes . I filled out that form of FAA ... Six months ago showing my flight plans ... Ilustrac.es of the ship , never saw thing that I could not throw . I thought you were not speaking serialize , therefore I didn 't pay any attention . How can they stop now ? Jesus , Farmer . With that patriotic action , they distorted the laws so much . They can do what want ... Since they think you this putting in risk the National security . What do you want that me knife ? Confuse a little more , it doesn 't exist laws enough for you to do that ? Everything well , they said what will make some acusac.es ? I don 't know , no exactly , them they said that I am under investigation . That means that they will be all watching their movements . I have a friend , that maybe knife , him and partner of a great firm . Specialized in cases as that . It is worthwhile to try . Maybe he can to move with the situation , he owes me a favor , I won 't cost me a cent . Get ready , we are passing . To go for the space , no and more I need NASA . That and real here in the the space cowboy 's ranch . Here behind me , in that farm has a rocket . A rocket that Charles Farmer he / she wants to throw in the space . after forming in Merrill welder making the second degree . He continued his / her education in the university of Texas ... Receiving the diploma for space engineering . Soon soon afterwards , him Charles Farmer he / she enrolled in the aerial fork . Where he developed their abilities as pilot ... Flying certain avi.es , as F-4 Phantom . THE fogueteiro Charles Farmer was in fact to be an astronaut . before being released by the military ones . Hello . Ei , what this happening ? Saint cows face , you not he / she told me that his / her friend and of CNN . THE ONE that he said , he said that he / she angers to hug the cause Farmer . Invite him , and for his / her protection . - You want him / it him on his / her side Farmer . - Hum . He built the rocket ... I am sure that he built the release platform . Truth ? Yes , you don 't think that crazy one he / she gets to build the rocket ... And to forget of the platform . Only if he never drifted in throw-lo . Then , why are we here ? Because if we are not hearing any release . We will be with face of stupid . And if he does , and we to listen ? We will continue with face of stupid . - Here this him ! - Be careful ! Be careful ! Possibly , if you have one he / she forms of doing the questions one per time ... I will try answer-wools with the best of my abilities . And important for you that the people do know the importance of the space trip ? I will put for you in that way : He / she has a lot of people in that world that you / they still believe that Michael Jackson ... He / she had the first wash cerebral in the moon . Mr. Farmer when you does he / she intend to throw his / her rocket ? Therefore . Mr. Farmer why you this making that ? It has always been my dream . The Americano Charles Farmer . - Charles Farmer . - Charles Farmer . Charles Farmer . Denominated of cowboy of the space . The rocket and enormous , really big . He became an astronaut crazy , if they ask me . CARLES FARMER LANÇAMENTO Probabilities 60 to 1 - What and ? - My wife ... She wants an autograph . Listen that : He / she has a guy in Texas , building him / it his / her own rocket in his / her back yard . That guy intends to rush in orbit . That and my question : It would not be easy just to say wanted ... I want the divorce . Right . That no and very funny . He / she seems that really we have today a beautiful day . the highest temperature will be of 65 ° F falling for 35 ° F there is night . Good morning Hal . AND looking at the rocket , the time this very good in almost the whole Country . That and known as ; the cemetery of the rockets . Charles Farmer can get all the support that needs in places as that . One want to build a rocket , that and the place to begin . THE rocket of Farmer this in the deposit that you see below . Due the great number of curious , he opened his deposit for the public ... Standing in line , opening hand of his / her privacy ... Only hope to diminish some of those curiosities . does He get ? of course he gets . He angers to do . That and the one that he says . he / she Has many FAA regulations ... that impedes the people of they transform the space in a ... leisure area . Pará that an astronaut try a trip to the space ... First he has to have the approval of the Federal Aviation Administration " FAA " An audience was marked . there is how long the government not does he / she allow you to throw his / her rocket ? They won 't stop . it is true that Elton John he / she intends relancar ... the music Rocket Man for to help to lift bottoms . That and exactly the one that us no we wanted that happened . We go , we have to investigate that face , find something . We have to remove that cowboy space of the clouds . Get ready boys , we are going to Texas . Astronaut Farmer looks for a second chance . Well , a man deserves a second chance . More presents . And the last . Stanley ... Why don 't you change the newspaper of the cage of the dear hamster ? Wait one moment , I would like to see that . - We go , let to give me a glance . - Don 't worry with everything that reads wanted . Well , I still want to read that . It doesn 't owe if it worries with that , you don 't get to read Spanish . His / her father is right ! You owe to change the newspaper of the cage of the hamster . Right . They called us of fanatic . They said that we are as one ranch of mad or something similar . I know . They think our family they are a group of space cadets . I know , I know . - How can they make that ? - Because I can go to the space . We are a normal family . We needed to say for all that that no and truth . Wanted needed only to show for them , right ? Well there ! it Stops the world , and let to leave . I am tired to go giving turns . I play that dream of giving turns ... Ei ! We have a winner here ! And the eccentric ! - Here this . - That and everything the one what I win ? Don 't worry about him , just forget of them Charles . he is BEEN you back happiness . Then I wish you everything of better . he / she sweats Her happiness satisfies most of us ... - Thank you - For the what done want ? But if him some time to break his / her heart ... Therefore . ... AND whenever the tears begin I will be oh before that the nest collapses . Excuse me , I want to speak with you on the trip . Two entrances . No Mr. I want to say ; if I want to rent of you ... How much will cost me ? We can rent for US $ 500 a week . We can talk to close the business ? - Clear . - Yes . Absolutely , will you be for here ? Yes , I am here . Will Matheson ! La out in the space , you receive , a perspective totally different . Different every time . Different perspective of the earth , perspective of you even . Every time and completely different . He / she suggests ... and just beautiful , all this and ... Beautiful . You see the world and he / she notices where all of us are , The life changes , definitively the life changes . - That chicken this very good Audrey . - Thank you ! This to do to begin me r to cry . This well , the last mission was in ... Denver . Audie , where is it ? The name of the espaconave calls himself Crow Master Of the Law . We don 't have name for our rocket . You don 't have ! You don 't have name for his / her rocket Farmer ? Well , we didn 't arrive in that part still . We should think about some names , don 't you find ? Sunshine ? Liquors Who does certain , vote for in Liquors ? Right . Stanley submitted the name Rocken Rocket . - Who votes for in Rocken Rocket ? - I like that . You this playing , this voting for in all of the names that appear tie now . I am taking r so serialize like you my friend . Right . Now , Shepard already decided how he / she had said previously , do you want to change of name ? Yes , yes I want to change the name ... I only want to think a little more , I am not sure of what I want . Right . Pepe , choose a name . The Other Woman . What does that mean ? Well , it won 't be the name of the rocket , don 't worry . The one that that means , because us whole we have to vote for . He / she means , " THE Other Woman " , wanted . No ! you won 't vote for in that name . I think we owed to go outside and to see THE Other Woman . Filho of the prostitute Farmer ! Uau ! ... Did you build that thing ? I screw in for screw . That and an engineering would be ! You don 't think they would bring you it ties here if it went a rocket mixuruca , Do you find ? Brilliant . - You this being serializes with that ? - Absolutely . Look here beautiful . " What had happened ... If the rocket no to get to be thrown ? " And they will stop doing it cribs here when they know ... What will happen he / she wanted ? Well , and for that that he needs our support . Guardi.es when all leave . That no and I need . No , that and the life . What do you find ? I think will be a sad day of shit here in Farmville ... When he / she sees all his / her work here to be transformed in garbage . I think that . What do you think ? You think they go does to let you to go tie the space ? A civilian ? They don 't leave civilians to go it ties the space , astronauts are going to the space . Professional astronauts , that are to resist press.es ... And the forks , and the emotional stress . Of leaving his / her family back . I made an agreement with my father , Dog , and for that that I will make that . - He / she doesn 't need to be like this . - My family needs me . But ... if that and a test , you failed . The one that you think NASA this thinking ? That those boys they will put you in the space , the father dies , he decides that for one doesn 't moment want to return home ? I thought a person existed in the face of the earth that maybe understood that , that person and you . Me really , I didn 't really wait for that . It is been I tell you that I will be able to to get a chance for you ? I say that I don 't want that you me of a ride in the space bus . Forget that , forget the ride in the bus space , right ? Do forget the rocket , right ? You forget the rocket that you put a lot of hard work to build . Remove those people of his / her glue , remove those idiots with the cameras of here . And you are going to the space , in the correct way , way holds . You think me won 't I get , right ? Forget that , that and because of the money . Nor the power NASA and important , milh.es of dollars . US $ 60.2 bilh.es , just for the budget of that year . - For the one what ? - For the one what ? Who does care he / she so that ? For any thing that they want . They won 't let you to fly with his / her alone private ship , arising for the space and to try to go down . That will do they to seem stupid . Do you think that will really happen ? Don 't answer me now , I want that you don 't answer me right now . I want you to think r respect . Miss Rocket-tell . It will be if Charles Farmer will have permission to throw his / her rocket ? Therefore we are today here . FAA , FBI , CIA , department of energy , and military members . All are here personal . What do you think of all this ? He / she seems that we have all the senses of Venus , humm ? No and allowed cameras , or him / it he / she presses there inside during the audience . We are gathered here , to analyze an application ... For the release of a spaceship . They will be done vary questions , answer please with the best of his / her knowledge ? Yes gentleman . We began with his / her plan of flight , that you submitted . His / her plan and to do a turn he / she completes for the orbit of the earth . Once ended , the capsule anger to reenter in the atmosphere . - Does he / she seem easy , simple ? - Yes gentleman . Well , but no and . I submit that that and an opinion of the gentleman , but no a fact . You this aware one that that no and a tribunal of justice ? I am , but I won 't be sat down here as pot of a plant . I hope not . I believe as boss of FAA , my opinion can have importance in the subject space flight . Yes gentleman . You based his / her project , in the rocket Herras , yes ? Yes gentleman . You know that Herras comes from a project of construction of a ballistic missile ? Yes gentleman . Then , basically you built a missile in his / her barn ? That and incorrect . Will Bigan of the CO . Like us we will know that you no this building ... " WMD " " Weapon of Mass Destruction ? " Well , because if I was building a Weapon of Destruction in Mass ... You would not have condic.es of finding . Very funny Mr. Farmer . That no and truth . Here this , thank you for waiting . Hi ! Thank you for waiting . Can he / she make his / her request ? Audrey " Audie " Farmer ? The astronaut 's wife . Yes lady , in what I do can help her ? Gretchen Boyd , of the entity of protection rs children . Please want to sit down . No thank you . Mrs. Farmer , became aware that their children as well as you also . Maybe be in wrong arms . How like this ? His / her husband has been doing literally brainwashing in you and their children . He removed them of the school . And he isolated the whole family of any another influences expresses . This in your hour to take the control of his / her family ... Before somebody knife for you . Who and his / her responsible for the control of the mission ? Shepard Farmer , my son . Does he have some experiences ? Of course yes , 15 years . That and a joke for you Mr. Farmer ? 15 years of age , he / she will be the boss of control of his / her mission ? Him perfectly capable of to throw the own father to the space , Don 't underestimate him / it that the my son and capable to do . We go there , he has 15 years of age . He also had one evaluation done recently . - For the Dr. Beth Goode . - Nurse Goode ? I received vary informac.es of the Dr. She said that the Mr. Farmer this with rage , unstable , hallucinated . And that his / her mental and questionable health . Charles , his / her father committed suicide , that and correct ? Don 't go for that road Colonel . I can tell you right now , the one that you built here and ... An alone passage of departure for the life after the death . The establishment that the Mr. Farmer built to go to the space . The government from the United States has a space program Mr. Farmer ... Why didn 't we just leave that for the professionals ? In 1960 they began the space race . When we arrived in 1969 we were in the moon . And in that I tan period of time , look what we did . In my opinion , I believe , if some another country wants to go r moon and to live there . We will enter in war against him . Because we thought the moon and ours . But no and ! In the same way that no and of his / her right . To tell me when I can or not to rush to the space . Mr. Farmer we have laws ! I know that we have laws , we have all of the types of laws . We have more laws than they tell us the one that not we can do than any other thing . We have laws for to protect us of other laws . If to do comments as that you won 't be helping . Listen , you are speaking there is guile he / she completes , let to speak to me for one moment . Right ? I won 't be long . See , when I was child , tell me that me it could be everything to want to be . He / she doesn 't import him / it that . It is maybe I am insane , I don 't know , but , I still believe in that . I believe of all my heart . In some part of the road ... We stopped believing that we can make any thing . And if we don 't have ours dreams , we have anything ! We will inform him / it of our decision . I will save his / her life . I will tell you something , that nobody more of here anger to say for you . Right now the military forks of the USA ... He / she has to can more of fork pointed for his / her ranch ... That if you decide to throw ... In seconds their remains will be dispersed for five States . That and a threat ? No ! ... You and the threat . Don 't believe in a word of the one that him Farmer said . Nobody will throw a missile against you . They don 't have laws to stop , for that they are wanting to be frightened . I don 't know . Actually them healthy very good in murdering people that he / she has brains . Small rocket . Now I think that and everything Mrs. Farmer . Thank you . - Then and truth ? - What ? To receive US $ 1 million for your history ? No Vanessa , that no and truth . I won 't be counting of the US $ 1 million , I will keep secret . Vanessa ! Hand and truth . - The total and US $ 86,05 - Excuse me . Here . I pay off Insufficient . Care with their fingers . Excuse me Mrs. Farmer but his / her card was reproven . - Ah , yes . - You would like to try ... You could maintain all this here ... And I will return , it will only delay one little , right ? We are going girls , we go . I am going to the moon ... and I will take that brick . Children , they can give me one moment of privacy with his / her mother . No ! That has already been private per time enough . You can lie for me the time that he / she wants Charles , but it doesn 't lie for them . Say for them ... Say for them that we maybe don 't have plus the house of here there are some weeks . Do stop with that Audie , right ? Please . - No , you that stops with that . - Please to that ! Which was his / her plan ? What did you plan in doing ? To disappear of that earth ... And to leave us here to work with the consequences , without money , without anything ! Without money for the food ? ! All this for food ! Excuse me . Had not food remained ? and that what you thought ? Children ... You don 't have that if they worry with anything because we have plenty of food , right ? Be r put , right . Cheese , salami , white hotdog , peanut paste ! - Stop ! - All have the types of food ! Shepard removes the children of here right now ! Do you want to play that ? ! Does he / she want to throw something in me Audie ? ! And something what you want to do ? ! - Go ahead ! - Do you want flying hotdogs ? You never again accuse me in front of the children ! Do you understand me ? ! You had not taken care of us when we don 't have a home . You have to stay safe r ! That dream that all of us shared a person , and that person and you have ! You will lose everything Charles ! Besides his / her family ! And I need to clean that kitchen . Excuse me for that . Audrey ... I love you and the children plus than everything in that world . But if I give up the that I believe now . Me ... I will be making any well . I always believed . I only am not more sure . Certain , here this . - This holding the mother 's bag ? - Yes mother . Audie ? Audie , you don 't need to go . And Sunday , we go there is church . I hope now to learn something on pardon , because we will need . We are going Audie no knife that . No Charles , they idolize you . They enter , if I am not better , then ... I call you of bundao , for lying for us . I have to find one it sorts things out of you to forgive . And them also . Me Ihe story a thing . You and a fabulous father . And why Farmer do you know ? That face , doesn 't get to gather his family for dinner . But you ... he / she has his / her family ... dreaming committee . Fabulous , of great importance . Really great thing . All have to burn a lot fuel running the cars , does he / she know ? Yes , but pursuing cars in great circles as that ... And necessary of a lot of publicity . The fact on the subject and Doug , if you sponsor my rocket . He / she will increase their sales , that exists for a reason . Haul of the more you will have the attention ... That usually you had not received for the conventional methods , you know . I have a letter of the company COKE . I hope they appear for here well early . They can put here . But , before they come and ... everything paints of red . You have his / her choice . Do look at that ? Can you imagine ? Hum ! DUNKIN DONUTS exploding outside in the space . And if he / she sweats mission and a bargain ? His / her success is been doesn 't measure him / it that you to listen of the final declaration of the justice . What you this suggesting ? - The factor risk and high Farmer . - But and an education risk . Did you read the case studying there is time ? The profit that can make putting that business of orange r board ? I made a graph , did you take a look ? Oh , yes Charles , I created three children with that business . That is part of many of us . As this that small cheese of yogurt that you have now ? I want to say ; tell me that happens if all his / her mission turns shit ? I want to say , I can work with more fertilizer . You want to say ; how if I will die ? If something happens with you Farmer . To break ankles , to stick to fire , if that to turn reality , I will be without customers . You probably anger to need of the guardian angel Manakel . Look , if you die ... The done agreement , good morning America , film in TV , Jay Lennon , all this had disappeared . Devils , without a mission well happened , I will be going back to the red . As I will be struggling to get some money , to sell my next stock ? Because everything that you will be producing will be tons of tears . If you show for the world ... If you return r to land in his / her back yard , as his / her mission plan says . You and the transformed man in the American hero . Now as if I could just throw a rocket with donuts with jelly . Sunshine , why you doesn 't it take one for the grandpa , right ? Him this with problem in the ankles . Light for the grandpa a donuts , knife Sunshine . Do just catch two , right ? Just sweet . Do you want one ? No , wanted I ate 3 or 4 ... - About 7 glasses of coffee . - Uau ! Grandpa , here has donuts . Grandpa , here has donuts . Grandpa , doesn 't wake up . What was candy ? Grandpa doesn 't wake up . Father ? He / she doesn 't have stop signs there . He / she doesn 't have defined space . We always defined our space . Us whole we are here , and running for there . He / she always comes from our roots . We have that way of we divide ours space ties find our direction . It does tie created I space for the deads . Spaces and a thing difficult to understand . Main Farmer , You have the most complex thoughts . Oh , face that doesn 't make sense none . I am only waiting for another idea , for the next semester together we pass . Who this there now ? Maybe one of the friends lost wants a house . How this ? I brought the cattle to graze on here . I was not informed . You and the proprietor ? Yes . - Charles Farmer ? - Correct . I am freezing his / her earth , for the National Bank as action of quittance of the debt . Which his / her name ? Mister ... - Which his / her name again ? - Robert Wilson . Robert , pleasure in you know him / it . You know , I am owner of 352 acres . You already tried to find a corpse , in an earth of that dimension ? I am not the evil of here Mr. Well , you also no and the bonzinho . Well , Shepard I think I discovered one way of solving the problem of the fuel . We can combine kerosene oil with ' hybridized' Are you sure of that ? Well , in any way that and the he / she sorts things out that we have to do . Or we will have to modify the motor . Haul of that , we have all the things well here in the barn . The fuel continues working with high pressure , and it burns ties to find the camera . Oxidizer , liberates gauzes , he / she has high performance for rocket fuel That shit provides us the enough to put me in orbit . Does he / she make sense ? Yes , yes . Farmer ? ! Yes , I am here at the engineering room . Ei ! Did they already make a decision ? Why do you think I am here ? The committee wants 60 days to make a decision . But I don 't have 60 days , the bank it will take the farm in one week . I am knowing about that . I don 't have that whole time . That and their plan . You think they want what do you throw that ? They will roll up , to roll up , to roll up , and then there will be appeals , that had continued forever . You this prepared for that ? I feel a lot for the wait Farmer . Yes . You know , my father loved to be a farmer . He loved of the bottom of the heart . It was his dream . It is then the things were difficult and ... It is then they tried to remove his ranch . And he put one he / she arms in his head ... Before they were able to . And to that candy it continues traveling ... And she just continues coming ... It is now comes direct for my dream . Just promise me that you he / she won 't make some nonsense . - How to travel in a rocket ? - No . I know better than that . I came the backs previously ... And I cannot turn the backs again . Charles ? ! I just am not able to to continue failing . I hope you understand that . Me Ihe promise that everything had been well . No ! Shepard ? ! Let us go . Does Charles , Charles get me to hear ? No ! don 't move , don 't move he / she had been well , we are going well this everything . Oh , my God . Don 't dare in leaving that family ! You are with me ! Six broken ribs , I pulse of the broken left arm . Moved knee , severe trauma in the head . Multiple lacerac.es in the face . Doesn 't he / she have any good news ? Him this lives . Welcome for the history , Texas ASTRONAUT FARMER Sit tight wanted , you have what strong being for his / her father now , right ? He needs to hear him / it as we loved him . It is very important . You this well ? Yes ? Does he / she want to go ties there wanted ? Stanley ! We go wanted , why us no will we catch something to drink , right ? We can spend some money . Stanley ! Stanley , wanted . Father . And the Shepard father . I was looking in the barn today . He / she wants to say , us we can build another equal . I take oath , we can gather everything inside of the barn , we can build everything . I take oath , we can build other equal , we only needed you of turn . You cannot give up , it cannot give up . GOD BLESSES OURS ASTRONAUT FARMER And children , when they say for not to try to do that home . They speak serialize , Jorge Marrone ... Certain , vain in front , yes the one what ? Right . Ask for them as time we will have to be here . - Ask for them . - Right . Yes ! Everything well . L.A. he / she told us to be strong . Being two months , maybe I will receive a promotion . He / she doesn 't have propaganda , logomarca . The high construction technology Rockfill ... and clearly not and project for amateurs . Therefore we have firm rules , and regulations for they be respected . The space life and it would be in Denver , one should not imitate . We can only have the hope , that through that fatal tragedy . Others animated by the the space falls in the reality . THE bargain that happened here with Farmer , was impelled by the media . I won 't answer more questions . That stupid I am . You have so much to live , doesn 't he / she want to leave me here ? No . You this lives and he / she can walk . They should bring me some cereal . - I am going to the moon and I want to take somebody ... - Stanley ! We won 't play that do I play that night , right ? But , why ? Because she said . Please wanted . This everything well . Shepard ... You have to give a time for him . Father , this a little tired , you know , he needs ... he needs rest . Everything this well writing , and the his / her father 's will this very clear one . Three savings for the children , haul of that US $ 200 in ASEDS ... And other US $ 200 thousand in money , some ac.es and titles . And everything yours . Problems with the bank will be solved in any way . Thank you . - Look at that ! - Look I found one ! This good children . - Look , I found other again ! - Look , I found other again ! I will catch the rocket and I go take him / it for the old iron . - Charles ... - Audie , already hurt them enough . I don 't want more to torture that family . Well , everything this now paid off , and updated ... I won 't need more to pass to execute the debt , they don 't need more if they worry . Thank you Arnie . You made the right thing . Oh , boy . The people of here always they believed that he could go to the space . We were with face of stupid . What ? He / she knows , when us we made our votes ... We promised ourselves love in the health and in the disease . Does that mean mental health ? Because you and crazy . I want to say , when you said for the first time that wanted to go for the space I thought ... Well ... that man doesn 't say that he / she wants to go for the space . The difference now ... We have a family ... A beautiful family . And I see the girls looking at you . They adore you . They love their father that he / she wants to go for the space . I don 't want to be the responsible for to kill that hope in their eyes . That message type you he / she would be ordering for Shepard . I love that father that shows as it is done . My love . He / she has more money than enough here ... For you to do everything the one that needs do . Without the rocket , we are alone a family disfuncional . Well , we rebuilt the rocket with exact especificac.es of the original . We put the whole material in the head . We did experiences with oxygen in the capsule . 20 thousand pounds of refined gasoline . During the first release that fuel burns equally ... Occurring us enough trust to take the ship it ties the space . We used chemistry for rocket ... The plan for the amount of alternative fuel that we will use ... Multiplying ... Combining the speed among 25 thousand ... - Proving , proving , test . - Testing , proving . 5 thousand ... feet 23 . Oxygen will last 3 times more than I usually need for an orbit . But , that no and the largest danger . S ONLY SON DREAM SONHAD DREAMED DREAMER DREAMER When you and child , he / she wants to be same to the father . When you and adolescent , he / she doesn 't want anything with him . Then when you to grow if it had turned same to him . My father showed me one thing when he died . He / she didn 't go to die , but the cessation . He / she doesn 't matter what to happen with me today ... My children will say that I didn 't give up . And I can die knowing about that . Yes . Curse ! We are already here waiting there is a long time . Certain , yes , certain , right . - What ? Central , they arrest him for he / she buys of fuel . I Suspect Charles Farmer , man white , approximately 40 years . intercepted Connection , Last time seen in a picape Ford brown , knife he to stop right now . That release will need the whole fork and all the concentration that we have to give . Of my team , my team of companions . Oh , thank you wanted . I need use them , you know . Won 't dad return ? Yes , I will return ... Don 't worry . - I love you wanted . - I also love you father . - Wanted . - Yes . Don 't worry . I love you . And Shepard ! If some thing to happen wrong ... He / she had happened in the first 10 minutes ... After that I will be flying in the space . - Father ... - Listen , this everything well . I am not concerned with you , you get . Right . Audie ... Everything will go well . Please it doesn 't break my heart . No . Stand back of the vehicle ! Show me their hands ! Put their hands for the high , leave see me them ! Well oh ! Well oh ! Show me their hands ! Be turned slowly . I will be waiting you in house for dinner . No and Farmer . Now we seemed some idiots . Control cabin . Preparac.es of the release they are in process . Temperature 64 degrees , Speed of the wind 4 us ... Cancellation of the test and with you . Pressure of the cabin controlled by me . You don 't press him / it device of being THE pilot still this well . good Status . it Carries for the release was already open . All of the available units , moderate in the residence of Farmer 's . checked main System . Understood . THE release this certain , pressure of the fuel this certain . All of the systems prepared for the release . Understood . Embarkation this locked , ignition system this called . approach System , in wait " standby " Hour of the release 09 : 00 AM . Understood . 10 . 10 . 9 . 8 . 7 . 6 . 5 . 4 . 3 . 2 . 1 . Farmer . Good God . For my girls . Go father there ! I saw , and big . Charles Farmer . Hahaha . Haha ! The oxygen in the cabin this well . My pressure this good one , Charles Farmer this well . This everything certain . Filho of the prostitute ! RELEASE NO IDENTIFIED RELEASE NO IDENTIFIED RELEASE NO IDENTIFIED I continue with a lot of informac.es , a lot of informac.es , swiders . To loosen Charles , we have green light to disconnect . - Charles Farmer got to throw ! - What ? No , he didn 't do . Separation of the done capsule ... right . We made Shepard ! We did ! We got mother . That and where his / her dream the group . I am excited . " you put tears " I forgot . - Hi , father ! - Hi , father ! Father , I will have you with me . Devils , I want a lot to be with you . Charles Farmer was for the space with his / her rocket . Shepard ? Can Shepard , hear myself ? Shepard ... he / she can ... to hear ... now ? - Shepard ? - Father ! Shepard ? Can Shepard , hear myself ? ! Let us go . - Where him this ? - Do father , please answer ? Father , you this there ? Father ? Lost connection . control Cabin for Charles , control cabin Charles , you this there ? This well . Like you they already heard previously , he / she has substantial noises ... Of a great release , of some place in Texas . He / she failed the connection . Without available sign AND be there which is the reason , it seems for me , in the group to the ... my old friend Farmer . We were knowing that FAA , he / she denies categorically ... The existence of any release . For the that we know Mr. Farmer this resting comfortably ... Probably attending that it confers for the press in TV . Once again , he / she didn 't have release . His / her father will return soon , we know . Father was thrown rs 09122 . Then right now , he has state in orbit for 8 hours , 56 minutes , 50 seconds . He traveled ties 152 thousand , 42 miles now . Well , when he returns ? He maybe can have 12 or 13 orbits before him reenters in the atmosphere of the earth . And when he understands that and then ... What ? He can be without oxygen . - I can still locate him , mother . - Will rest . I don 't get while my father still needs me . And an order . I am proud of you . Do some tell thing Farmer ? Shepard . We are going Shepard . Shepard ? Shepard ? ! Can I hear myself ? Shepard ! We go there . We go there . God ! Hello ? Hello ? That and astronaut Farmer . we Go , control of the mission ! Father , and Shepard ! Dad ! Dad ! I think don 't go to get to land in the back yard of the house . Don 't worry , I am sending new coordinates for the descent of the ship . You know what I am saying , don 't just point the nose for the entrance . When it goes down it had broken the speed in 20 % . - Getting ready to reenter . - It can reenter . Good luck ! I will be monitoring you , father . - Like you he / she does sit down ? - Home . Hi , father . The children are agitated . Great clouds son . My father and good . Let me to use a little ! I won father . And when I use the clothes , I want the father with me . I want to go r one restaurant that has pizza . Certain , we can go there also . Translation of the audio : Virtualnet . Respect the credits .
