 Dedicated to Legend of Cüneyt Arkin The world . Deceiving world . It was this world that witnessed throughout history the legends written and all the great victories won by the Turks . Everything began with our voyage from Central Asia to Anatolia . In 1071 , Sultan Alparslan won the Malazgirt Field Battle . In 1299 , the Ottoman Empire w-as founded by Osman Bey . Fatih Sultan Mehmet conquered Istanbul in 1453 . He ended one era to begin a new one . Suleyman the Magnificent 's time saw us as a World Empire that spread to 3 continents In 1923 our Great leader Mustafa Kemal Ataturk founded the Turkish Republic . Galatasaray won the UEFA Championship in 2000 . We are the Champions . And in 2055 . We are in space . It 's like their backyard . I told them so many times not to put garbage in space . - Yes sir ? One black coffee . And a cup of sage tea for Gonca . - Coming right up commander . - So where were we ? Oh ! If we could only start . Write my sweetie . I am in total darkness . I still haven 't found the Turkish astronaut Gokmen ( Spaceman ) lost for 8 space years . For the first time , I feel so hopeless . Oxygen is slowly depleting . Ankara Golbasi denies refueling they want me back . But I haven 't given up my search for Gokmen , and I won 't give up . I have total confidence in my men . They are as dedicated as ever . Damn the fool that made you the commander of this ship ! All the guy thinks about is Gokmen . He never says anything but " Gokmen " . I 've had enough of this Cemal bro . Eight years . Isn 't that long enough ? I was a fool to accept this post . I fell into the money trap . Stupid me . Here we go . It 's my wife calling . Yes , Neriman ? - We 're being kicked out of the house . We are about to enter a black hole . I 'll call you right back , okay ? - Are you fooling around out there in space ? Yes ! I have a Martian girlfriend here . She can 't utter a single word . On top of that , she has four breasts . - I couldn 't pay the kids ' school tuitions . Or the school bus fee . You think I 'm having a ball here ? Don 't you realize that I would like to pay all the tuition , for everything , on time as well ? The wages haven 't been paid , you see ? Two letters , left to right . What 's Turkey trying to enter for a hundred years ? EU . An unknown object is coming towards us , quick . For once find out its damn identity ! I don 't know how , you take a look ! - You bought my betting slip , right ? - This is not the time Cenap ! That 's been taken care of , bro . We charged it on Osman 's credit card . Give me the coordinates immediately , otherwise , God forgive me , I will report you to Golbasi . 90-60-90 . Come on Cenap ! Cenap would do anything for you ! Did it start , is the race on yet ? It 's an emergency , code red ! Doesn 't she know anything other than code red ? What is this ? There 's a meteor coming at us ! God save us all ! It 's definitely a KA48 ! How would you know ? Look at it ! It 's moving like a roving mine , spinning all over the place . It won 't see the target , it lost control . I hope so ! Ozan who did we bet for ? - For grandma Sefika . - Sefika is a great horse . It really is moving towards us ! It 's coming closer . We must raise the protective shields . Stop giving orders and start moving ! Come on ! Go Sefika , you come from a family of champions ! We must raise the protective shields . The protective shields ! Do you know which button to press ? The other day I saw Osman do it . There must be a red button somewhere . Is this a joke ? They 're all red ! Why do you still reject me ? Don 't you understand , I love you ! Not again . Come to your senses . Our country is depending on us . This ship belongs to everyone ! From the very young to the very old . If it weren 't for you , I wouldn 't spend another minute on this ship , got it ? You want to get off at the next stop ? Is this a public bus or what ? Get me Golbasi . Golbasi , this is lieutenant Tugce from spaceship Ulubatli . Let 's inform Captain Kartal ( Eagle ) I 'm the trainee captain here . I 've been waiting for this day for years . Golbasi . This is Ulubatli 33 calling . What is it big sister ? Which button do we use to raise the shields ? Over . I don 't exactly know what to say . Over . Isn 't there a competent person over there ? Over . It 's holiday time . No one is here . And I am only here to answer the phones . Over . Wasn 't it a holiday last week ? Over . They combined April 23rd Holiday with the Space Holiday . It 's 28 days long . Over . I wish you all a very happy holiday , over . I 've had enough of your over 's ! Over . May God have mercy on me . Help me ! Inny minny miny mo , catch a tiger What an idiot . What an idiot . Don 't you get it ? He 's got no idea what he 's doing . How romantic ! You 're really the greatest man ever . Why don 't you press the last button too ? Enough is enough ! Unbelievable ! These are all for me ? You thought of everything ! I knew it , you love me too . - We may have to bid farewell now ! - You 're making such a big deal out of this I know you want me too ! Well done my boy . This kid hasn 't even gone to elementary school yet . It 's because of you . You smuggled him onto the ship when he was a tiny baby . What else could I have done ? Leave this little orphan with my no good son-in-law ? I only had 6 months until my retirement . As if the kid wasn 't enough , you also brought your dog here . Be quiet ! Quiet ! - Let go . I said Let go . - I can 't let go . Yes my commander ? Gather the crew . I have an urgent announcement to make . It seems everything is out in the open . You don 't have to give an explanation to anyone . This is your ship , Captain Kartal . You can do whatever you want . We finally did it our Great Master ! We discovered the radioactive composition that will beam the whole universe to the dark side . The composition is made of hate instead of love , war not peace , blood and tears instead of happiness . We can take control of the whole universe with this composition Master . First I want to try it on the world ! - Why the world ? - Why ? You are asking Why ? Don 't you know that those people always used us ? Laughed at us ? They ridiculed us . They shrugged us off . They made jokes about " Turks in Space " . The Turks ? You know ? Once there was a poor but proud Turk . Actually , he started everything . This is a very long story , Kazu . The mightiest soldier encountered was sent to us by the people that we , the extra terrestrials , scattered all over the world millions of years ago . Who can possibly challenge our Great Master Uga ? The man who saved the world . The most fearless creature of any living being who ever breathed ! A human wanting to achieve perfection How perfect can a human being be anyhow ? - Free yourself from the body . Live in your mind , soul ... - ... and you 'll breathe underground The man who saved the world wasn 't only a soldier , he was a philosopher too . How can I forget when he melted my sword to make gloves ... - ... and shoes for himself ? - I don 't get it . How did he manage that ? He tied stones to his feet and tried walking like that . When he got stronger he took the rocks off and defeated us jumping up and down I still don 't understand how ! I still hear his words . A world without people people without a world can 't exist I fought such a human being Kazu ! I 'm so confused Master . If you 'll let me , I need to take some painkillers . What about me Kazu ! What do you suggest I do ? He ridiculed me . Saying the extra terrestrials had no brains , no matter how powerful our guns he cut my wrist . Then why wait for so long to take revenge ? I had my revenge Kazu . I kidnapped his son when he was born , and named him Zaldabar . I brought him up as my own son . But that is not enough . Dad ! I 'm going to earth . Need anything ? Don 't go to that wretched place ! Everything one needs for trade is there . The things our people want are there . There 's one more thing that draws me there Like what ? Between you and me , women are to die for ! Yours are not enough for you ? They are only robots . They do whatever you ask them , they have no souls ! No flirting , no coquetry , none whatsoever , predictability ! Not a sign of jealousy ! You 've been slacking off for some time We haven 't practiced for a long time Draw your sword . One shouldn 't even trust his own father . Wandering around in space ! I 've become a chatterbox , fallen in love . Take your positions ! Robot Muzaffer and crew are ready to take orders my commander . Did anyone ask ? What 's going on ? Because the floors were wet I decided to scrub them with detergent . We haven 't cleaned in such a long time . You 're always walking around in shoes . Have you lost it or what ? It 's not as if we 're running outside ! Hygiene is so very important my son . Thank God you weren 't there when Neil Armstrong took his first step on the moon Are you saying that he stepped on our lovely moon with his muddy shoes ? - Get in line , now ! - Of course . - How are You soldier ? - Fine , fine thanks ! What about you my commander ? I hope all is well . Try acting a bit more human . Impossible . He works with a series 9000 holographic memory . Functions such as talking and thinking all belong to its programmer . Sorry , I just finished getting dressed . No one in the ship 's crew has any health problems sir . Then why has he been sleeping for the past eight years ? He 's the second captain We 're at a high altitude . Most probably the space air had a bad effect on him . Osman . A small amount of methane gas . Definite characteristic of a human being . Shut him up or I 'm going to kill him . - You go and collect the garbage in space . - Yes sir . Give me a status report on Ulubatli 33 . - In perfect form , God bless her . - May God always protect her ! Stop being cheeky otherwise I 'll show you how it 's done . Then you 'll be protected . Now go and collect the garbage . How is our helium nuclear battery ? - Active . - Sergeant-Major Cemal ? Lost at the final race my Commander ! You know what , you guys are pushing me to my limits Oops , I almost forgot . It 's past my prayer time . Which way is Mecca ? This way ! No , no this way . This ship is always making me confused . I 'm going to miss prayer time . We haven 't come across any other objects besides waste in the orbit analysis sir . No visible electrostatic current ? None . I suggest changing our motivation position - You must present more concrete suggestions . - I am . Now time to make my important announcement . I want you all to listen very carefully . We 're going back . Hey . Idiots ! I 'm aware you haven 't been paid in three months due to insufficient funds . Your relatives on earth have it rough . Let 's not forget our sacred mission But don 't forget , we have a mission . We will not leave without Gokmen . You all know about that fateful day . We know . You already know but I want to remind you Listen to me at ease . Forgive me , if I fail to return . You will return . Take care of my sister . What do you mean ? You 're at the beginning of your life . You tied the cable really tight , right ? This is an anchor knot . Son ! This step , though small for you , is a very big one for your country . Conqueror of Space . May your fate be fortunate . May you be called Gokmen from now on . Things were going as planned . Finally we conquered space . I still get goosebumps just thinking of that magical moment . The whole world was watching us . TRT , followed by other TV channels such as CNN , BBC , Channel 6 , CCTV , millions of people were watching a Turk 's accomplishment . That 's when I saw a hand with a pair of scissors . There was an odd ring on one finger . - Gokmen - Kartal bro ! Houston 's speaking on the line . I know you are out there somewhere . Get in . Get in you fool ! Would he hear me if I cursed ? Respected Orion Community Members We 've gathered to discuss whether Lunatica Planet fulfilled the necessary criteria to become a full member of our community . Distinguished Dogibus I feel deep sadness at the fact that no progress has been observed on your planet based on the research carried out by our commission . We 've improved the economy , and decreased unemployment . We 're so close to democracy . What else is there for us to do , members ? - It is not enough . - This progress is not enough . - Not under these conditions . - Culture , dear Dogibus . Culture . Here are some clippings from the daily life of an ordinary Lunatician . - Disgusting . What is that ? - Unbelievable . I don 't believe it . Scandalous . It 's not very clear what exactly they are trying to accomplish here . It 's a sport . Sports are very important for Lunaticians . An enemy of the environment . But he 's making a heart . He 's not cutting down the tree . There 's no evil left inside a good one . And worst of all ... A businessman . Seller of sheep intestines Forget about everything else but this is unacceptable . You are well aware that all this began after Gokmen . Gokmen is a great threat not only to Lunatica but also to the future of space . You increasingly resemble those living on Earth . Moreover you have become the very nation that is detested by our great Master Uga . Then help me out . I don 't know what to do about Gokmen . That 's your problem . Try to find a solution . It 's time to send you off to your castle we are about to have a family photo taken . We 'll solve the problem as soon as we can You 're lucky I 'm not reporting this to Uga Don 't . Don 't . Please don 't . Guard ! Guard ! - Yes sir ? - So , did you find Gokmen ? - No , we didn 't . - How come ? We sent a huge troop to the steppe just yesterday ! They disarmed because they hadn 't received their wages Master . Except robots , they 're the last soldiers - That 's it ? - And there 's Spothi . - Come earthling , come . - The last thing we needed was a lunatic . I 'm an earthling too . I know . That earthling will come and save us . Get out of my sight ! We have no other choice but to take this matter to Zaldabar . Zaldabar ? Son of our great Master Uga ? Yes . He asked for my daughter the time he helped us bomb the senate . I told him to wait until she 's a bit older But then he 'll ask for even more and more We have no other choice . Move . - Find Zaldabar , now . - Yes sir . According to the land register , Plot 24 block 45 , parcel 17 Forest land owned by the State of Mackana . Very good . Where 's the forest Zaldabar ? Cut ' em all . Idiot , if not , we can 't build What about all this water ? We 'll dry it up . Mackana 's register lets us build three-story buildings here . But you can go as high as you want . What about building a multi-story garage on this site ? I 'm the one dealing with garages here . Don 't interfere . You should build a hotel ! Look at the scenery , ten minutes away from Lunatica . It 's your land register . Legal ! See , I 'll even stamp it with the space land register 's seal . Good luck with it ! Show the cash . OK . Everything 's in order . I 'm ready girls . Stop kissing me , stop . Where do you learn these stupid manners ? Tell me man of Arna . This looks like a good batch . Not like that you imbecile ! Light it then smoke . Must I teach you how to smoke as if it 's not enough I steal it from the world But this isn 't Malboro tobacco . Nothing beats Turkish tobacco Take it or get lost ! The last raki you gave was counterfeit . You 're making a mistake Zaldabar . Don 't wave your hands at me . Local goods are made by Turks . Everyone should use ' em Girls , throw this dirt bag into space . - Boss , the King of Lunatica is on the line - I 'll take it . Hello Zaldabar , how are you ? What 's going on ? Dogibus the Fourth calling space bandit Zaldabar . You with your secret agenda . Who are you harassing this time ? Why don 't you come for dinner at my palace and we 'll talk then . How is your pretty daughter , Maya ? She 's doing okay , she 's fine . Why can 't I see her in person ? You 'll see her when you come Zaldabar . C 'mon , I only want to say hi to her . Where the hell is this girl ? - Maya - Dad Maya , dear , I 'm sorry to disturb you . Maya . My dear . Dad . This is really not a good time . A family friend , Zaldabar , is on the line . Will you please have a word with him ? Never . Don 't involve me in your dirty work . Miss Maya . How are you ? I hate you and everybody like you Zaldabar . Don 't pay any attention to her Zaldabar . I knew her when she was a child . She has really grown up . - You 're coming tonight , right Zaldabar ? - Why wouldn 't I ? Your girls are really attractive too . They are only robots . That 's all right , it doesn 't matter . Bring them along tonight . Shameful man ! My commander Give him the bottle from the glove box - Take This And throw it into space . - I can 't do that my commander . I 'm ordering you to ! Please don 't ask me to throw garbage into space my commander . It 's not garbage , it 's a blessing ! There 's at least a double shot here . Well good ! Gokmen will enjoy it . If he 's still alive , of course . Take your words out . Put my card in . Taksim Besiktas bus driver Kartal That 's my commercial title , it 's my second job back on Earth . Cell number is the same When Gokmen receives this , he 'll call me on my mobile . My commander , forgive me for asking ... Let 's say there is air in space , let 's say Gokmen is still alive . Then what has this poor guy been feeding on for the past eight space years ? One should never ever give up hope What a scientific approach ! This is why you shall never become the captain of a spaceship . What will you do when scientific methods are no longer enough ? What am I going to do ? You will seek help from the Creator . - Test one two , test one two , it 's Captain Kartal of Ulubatli 33 on the line It 's me my brother , Kartal Gokmen , if you hear me , follow my voice Gokmen , Gokmen follow my voice ! Ulubatli 33 , Ulubatli 33 Houston 's speaking on the line . She 's blabbering on and on . Over . Why don 't you redirect Houston to Philips over here . Let 's hear what they have to say . Not even a hello ? You still haven 't learned English Kartal . But I succeeded in teaching you Turkish , didn 't I ? Stop that music , Kartal our satellite is going to crash Gokmen is our son , we must find him no matter what You 're insane . Gokmen died years ago . Forget about him . Never ! Gokmen ! Do you know why I loved you Kartal ? Don 't start reminiscing about the past - You are a real gentleman - Sure I am The good old days ! We swam stark naked in the freezing waters of Lake Tahoe You remember Niagara ? How can I forget ? We got soaking wet as you were kissing me . You stripped me naked to dry my clothes . You fed me snakes for three days so I did not starve to death in the Grand Canyon . Don 't ever report that ! For old time 's sake . I 'm sending you a kiss , my dear , bye Bye then So captain , you had a chick back then ? We were studying together my son . What 's this sound ? Sound scanners ? An unidentified singing object is rapidly approaching us boss . Let it come closer That 's Pop Orhan Who 's that boss ? A Turkish legend . This is a classic , a work of art The whole world knows this song They 've entered striking range . Shall we blow them up ? Wait till the song ends . Show some respect - Bring a bottle Of Raquish . - You want ice boss ? Yep . Bring some cheese too . Don 't be so devastated , I feel bad for you How can I not Ozi ? I sacrificed my whole life for Turkish space adventure . This country sent me to NASA with scholarships . They decorated Ulubatli 33 to my liking , they did everything I asked them to . Then what did I do ? I went and lost my student , Gokmen . I can 't face people . That 's why I just don 't want to go back . Maybe you 'll stay here in space and save the world . What are you talking about boy ? I can 't even save myself . What would my dad say if he saw me now ? All superheroes have a memory of the time they first discovered their powers . A common characteristic of superheroes is that they keep their identities a secret . You are the only one who knows the real me , Ozi . - You 're not telling anyone , right ? - Of course not Captain ! This guy , Kartal , needs a good lesson . He keeps telling Ozi that he is actually the Son of the Man who Saved the World . He thinks he 's really scaring us all . Well , if he 's the son of the man who saved the world , I 'm Conan the Barbarian I don 't actually believe he was educated at NASA . Certainly the diploma is fake , the guy doesn 't know any English . C 'mon , stop talking behind his back . What about you ? Didn 't you become the doctor of this ship when you were just a nurse because of your connections ? So what , I used to be an agricultural engineer , now I 'm a naval engineer . And I was manufactured as a scientific consultant ... - ... but ended up being a sweeper . - Enough already . Go and get us some tea ! Here we go again . And you are a plumber I am not here because I wanted to be . I was exiled . They exiled me to space just because I left a pipe open in the submarine . Obviously , it sank . What the hell are you doing there ? There 's a leak in the oxygen pipe . I 'm closing it . With your hand ? What about the cigarette ? Keep smoking . There 's no harm . The son of the man who saved the world . Where can I find such a man ever again ? Forget this love affair , it 's a dead end . It 's been eight years . I 'm getting older . I 'm going to end up a spinster . I think you should give up as well . Superheroes don 't have a sex life . You 're going to get hurt . God willing , you 'll marry a nice young man . No one else will do . I 'm in love with Kartal . It 's so close , it 's coming towards us . This is a one way road , is he insane ? This song is about me . My favorite is Lucky Luke A lonely cowboy away from his home . Like you . If he has his Rin Tin Tin , we have our Uranus . Stop it Ozi , stop fooling with me . Who am I kidding by being a superhero ? What do they have that you don 't ? Don 't spoil our dreams ! My biggest dream is to be next to you when you are doing something so heroic that it 's worthy of your father . Maybe my twin brother , whose fate we might never find out about is actually a superhero . Boss , we 're colliding ! Are we here ? Have we arrived ? What happened ? What happened ? - We almost collided ! - That was a very close call . Shall we blow them up ? Let 's loot them first . - Let 's go . - We are going . Beam us . - What the hell ? - Space police . Ladies , get to work . What 's going on ? What work ? Deep space syndrome . Type of hallucination resulting from being in space too long . License and registration ? We have never been pulled over before . What did we do wrong officer ? You went over the speed limit . Give me your papers . Papers . Give him whatever he wants . Here you are . Have you been drinking ? I have never drunk and drove in my life . Turkish Space Unit . Captain Kartal . What 's this ? You 're trying to bribe me ? We 're trying to get to the hospital . - What the hell is that ? - What 's wrong officer ? They made a copy of me ! - Are You a robot or what ? - How dare you call me a robot ! Hands off . You 're touching an on-duty officer . I 'll show you how it 's done . Nothing but potatoes and dried onions boss - Put those back where You found them . - Take them to the ship . Move it . Thieves ! - And What do we have here ? - Let go of me , you 're hurting me . Ouch , my eye ! Let me go ! Let me go ! I 'm going to kill you cabbage face ! Move Ozi Time to go Let me go you animal ! Let me go . We 're going Code red . Everyone take their positions Why didn 't you kill him captain ? I don 't shoot to kill . I aim for the heel . Hold on tight . Don 't push your luck ! We 're done with you . We 're losing altitude . A shooting star . The earthlings make a wish when they see a shooting star . That man will come from the earth and save us all . He 's from the earth , what 'll he do here ? This is a world as well Bianca Some men are born important . - This guy 's still sleeping . - Let me kiss your blessed hand . Why didn 't we think of a flashlight sooner We must get in touch with Gonca at once . Why did you kidnap me ? Nothing wrong with excess , is there ? I must impress Maya tonight no matter what - How do I look ? - Super You wish ! The way you look there 's no hope You should shave , what 's with the beard ? But I 'm not human . I would 've been surprised if you were one . Kartal would have never impressed me if he had hair like that or a beard . That 's him calling , my love ! Stop that . You 're hurting my arm . It 's good that I am well prepared . I knew this was going to happen . I can 't get in touch with Gonca . What is this place ? We didn 't land in Taksim Square , obviously Don 't you see the heaps of star dust ? Most probably we crash landed on a planet in the solar system . - You think you know everything , don 't you - Shut up I see you are acting like everything is normal . The generator is on . This place seems deserted , I hope we won 't be prey to wild animals I 'll be waiting in front of the beam room I have an urgent announcement to make . I 'm glad to see that we 're all okay . We 've been attacked by a space pirate . The ship 's secretary has been kidnapped . Maybe it 's for the best . I hope you said those words in a state of shock . We are now missing two crew members . First Gokmen and now Gonca . I insist on completing the mission given to me by Golbasi . But I can 't ask the same of you . I 'll beam those wishing to go back I 'm staying commander . There 's so much I 'll learn from you And I 'm not going anywhere until this ship is in the air again . First comes God and then you , captain How can I ever leave you ? Who will cook your meals then ? - I go along with the group 's decision . - Me too . What admirable conduct . I wouldn 't have expected any different . There 's one thing I 'm very curious about . For years we didn 't even pass in front of this machine , afraid that we 'd be sent to court martial . Can we just take a peek at it , that is if you agree to break off the seal - there is No such machine - There isn 't ? We built a spaceship but we haven 't resolved the details of a beaming machine . I 've been lying to you since the very beginning in order to comfort you . - Cemal , I want a damage report . - Of course Captain . Who the hell made you this ship 's captain ? Instead of drinking why don 't you help ? How do I look ? Kartal ! I knew you would come to save me . You are the son of the man who saved the world . You won 't leave me . Who the hell is this man who saved the world ? And now he 's got a son ? Kartal ! Is this another fantasy ? Like that time with the champagne ? - You ... - Girls , beam me ! Where are you going ? My name is Zaldabar . Give me the ring . I won 't go empty handed . But the same brows ... the same eyes ... Zaldabar Don 't kiss , for God 's sake , don 't kiss . Please , this way , have a seat . - Welcome - Good evening , let me kiss you ! Where is Maya ? Keep your cool . Zhisha , go and get Maya . I made this dish especially for you . It 's not spicy enough . Maya , my dear , our guest is here . I don 't even want to see that disgusting man 's face . Whenever dad has unfinished business with him , he uses me . For my sake dear . Let 's not start any problems tonight . I know exactly what you 're trying to do . What 's this pirate doing in our palace ? You 're really breaking my heart . Zaldabar is a family friend . Won 't you welcome him ? Hello . We have to discuss the consequences of the Orion Community 's last meeting . This should interest you very much too , being my only successor to the throne . In exchange for Gokmen , that 's me , right ? - What are you talking about my dear ? - We 're a tiny planet . What can 't you share with your people ? Leave them be . Let them live the way they want . This is all Gokmen 's doing . We supposedly arrived from Middle Asia We 're of Turkish descent , our horses , our women , our guns and so on ... What 's so bad about all that ? Is it wrong ? The guy taught us about humanity . I accept that . I remember made this dish as if it were yesterday . He always used lots of spice . We discovered raki through him as well . I loved him as my own son . But he shouldn 't have ... - ... kidnapped my sister . - They fell in love dad ! No ! He wanted my throne ! Enough everyone ! I shaved and everything , isn 't anyone going to comment on that ? Good , you look a bit more human . Thank you very much . I brought this for you . Thank you , but I can 't accept it . May I take a look at it ? You never think of anything but your throne father ! How dare you speak to me like that ? Don 't let her leave her room . Place two guards at her door . - You spoiled her like this , alcoholic woman - What did I do wrong Dogi ? Quiet ! You couldn 't even give me a son ! Such a dysfunctional family , you 're supposed to be the royal family . Can I just try it on ? Front landing gear is 80 % damaged , I 'll cast lead to it . I discovered a crack on the face but I will use endomagnetic tappets parallel to the sun 's matrix to fix it but helium battery is finished if we are unable to find a new one , this ship 's finished too . Thank God it didn 't explode , being a nuclear engine , we would have all died . - Is there a problem ? - Not at all , we are listening attentively . My name is tinker Cemal , I set submarines afloat ! Cenap , give me the coordinates to the nearest spaceship repair shop What do you mean ? Since we are in space there must be a spaceship repair shop somewhere around . - Got it , I will find it myself . - Bye bye . Aren 't you going to put on the helmet ? You won 't be able to breathe outside . - You might be right , for once . - Thank you . Put it on . Kartal , open the door ! I can 't get in . I just wanted to dust this off . Come , the weather here is just gorgeous . I 'm walking on land for the first time . Captain , look at the moon . Wow , there 's life in space man ! I know you 're out here somewhere Gokmen You see NASA , we found it ! You 've been searching for centuries but we found it ! We discovered life in space ! Turkey 's the greatest , there 's no other ! What an honorable thing to do ! You do it , it 's the right thing to do . No , the youngest amongst us will do it ! The future is theirs ! - C 'mon Ozi ! - Yes my commander ! Hooray ! What is it ? Seeing the flag suddenly made me feel very homesick - He 's finally woken up ! - Good morning ! - Wow , he 's awake . - The Space air did him some good . Neriman , we found life in space ! We did it , we sure did ! We did it , hey ! Father will force me to marry Zaldabar I can 't stay here for another minute - Bianca , we must leave at once . - Yes my Princess , but where to ? To Lunatica ! Gokmen and my aunt will help us . Let 's go ! - Let 's go . - Let 's go . Exactly . Gokmen , you destroyed me ! It 's good that I shaved . Maya liked it . We 're not accepted in the Union because of him . He totally screwed up the country ! He didn 't accept my gift but said thanks . He disappeared from the face of the earth . I put up a reward for him but no luck ! It 's as if she smiled at me for an instant . You 'll bring him back , right Zaldabar ? If she wants , I 'll give up being a pirate . I 'm trying to tell you something ! The time has come for me to get married and have kids ! Bring him back to me , I 'll marry you off with Maya ! - Who ? - Gokmen , of course , who else ? That 's easy , no worries there . Master , Maya has escaped . Go and get her Dogi . I miss her ! Are you sure you know the way , Princess ? Don 't worry . I 've been to Lunatica many times . I 've had enough of you ! Just enough ! What have you done ! Let him be , he doesn 't know anything . I 'm an earthling , I know . Master , we tracked down Princess Maya from the signal in the car she 's been driving . She 's on the move on Lunatica steppe Go at once . Fetch her and bring her here . Don 't worry . Our robot patrol is following them This is all your fault , what am I going to say to Zaldabar , what ? Tell him she 's asleep . She 's sleeping ? Let her be , let her sleep . Sorry about that , you 'll see her tomorrow . I didn 't want to say anything , in case you misunderstand me , - but you must know Gokmen wants Maya too . - What ? I 'm scared that he 'll kidnap her . Isn 't he married to your sister ? - So what ? He wants her as a second wife . - What the hell do You mean ? - It 's a Turkish custom . - Sounds lovely ! Stop joking . I 'm telling you Gokmen wants Maya ! What ? Stop this ! Get out ! Out ! So he wants Maya ? Bring him to me Zaldabar ! I 'll strangle him with my bare hands ! I want Gokmen alive ! I 'll hang him in front of the palace to teach people a lesson ! - We were lucky to Find This lake - We shall conquer all . - Right doctor ? - We 'll even do a little fishing here . - If there are any . - Don 't be so pessimistic doctor ! Shoo , shoo , they came to the smell of food . Don 't go anywhere . Don 't take off your watches , we mustn 't lose touch , if you discover anything make sure to let me know as well . Kartal ! Don 't be late , okay ? I 'll keep the food warm ... - ... don 't be late ! - I want to Come with You too . You will . Stop , stop ! Let me put this under your shirt , on your back . You might sweat ! You 're exaggerating . You 're just like my dead grandma . You all stay well too ! And where are you off to ? I spent my whole childhood in Ulubatli . Let me see a new place for a change ! You all be careful ! May God save you all ! I 'm running out of gas . We 'll get stuck There must be a gas station around . We 're in the middle of nowhere There is one ten kilometers down the road . I 'll catch him just to make him suffer Captain ? Did you notice it too ? He really looked like you . Yes , there was a slight resemblance . Same height . Like twins without the beard I 'm getting a signal from very far away . There 's an object approaching us ! - What object ? - I can 't exactly describe it commander . I need to be repaired , urgently ! - Commander ? - Yes Cenap . - You 'll see a liquor store 100-150 meters ahead , make a left there ... - ... the repair shop will be just opposite . - You 'll find the helium battery there . - Well done Cenap , you did a good job . Whoever you ask will direct you there . - Cenap , you 're something else . - Well , I do have my ways . - You want me to wipe them ? - No , it 's not necessary . No . Fill them both up . I can 't believe that we 're in space . This is too close to home . We must leave for the palace at once . Your father 's expecting you . Mother Lunatica 's Bistro Good evening everyone We 're looking for a helium battery Where can we find one ? We 're not from around here . Answer us man , we 're asking a question . Let her go man ! If you 're trying to impress me Zaldabar , it 's not working . I don 't know who you are talking about . I 'm Captain Kartal . I hate you ! We don 't mean any harm . Our ship was attacked by a space pirate . We had an emergency landing on this planet Here 's my identification card . Tell us where to find a helium battery then we 'll be on our way . TSU . Turkish Space Unit . You 're welcome to come aboard our ship for a cup of tea or coffee . Princess , they are Gokmen 's friends . - We 're also looking for Gokmen - We 're on our way to him Is Gokmen alive ? Tell me where he is ! You 're doing all this to find out Gokmen 's whereabouts , right ? But you 're only wasting your time - Tell me where he is , I 'm begging you - Get out of my way I 've been searching for the past 8 years I dedicated my life to this ! I have no idea who the hell Zaldabar is but if he happens to hurt Gokmen he will have to face me . Now , behave and take me to Gokmen Take this ' cause I can 't really force you Very romantic You 're such a stubborn woman ! - You can 't fool me Zaldabar - I 'm not Zaldabar Let 's go Bianca Don 't go . It wasn 't the right time to act like a gentleman . Why give the gun ? She 's going to come back . Wanna bet ? You really impressed her . You were right , one shouldn 't be forced . - Get in , I 'll give the directions - You Go with my sister-in-law She became a sister-in-law in two minutes It 's always like that A superhero needs to fall in love Let 's go Will you be able to drive ? He 's the captain of a spaceship , of course he knows how to drive this Hold on tight I think this is the latest model We 're on our way Gokmen , wait for us ! - Become my personal assistant - No way . I 'm Kartal 's personal assistant . Forget about that man , he 's dead by now . God forbid . He 'll surely make you pay for what you did . He 's the man who saved the world 's son . Then I 'm his twin brother . Kartal couldn 't have such an evil brother . You 'll be paid every month See Neriman isn 't answering my calls again She 's definitely going to divorce me No helium battery , no captain Cemal , with our luck , we 'll run into a polar bear any minute now We 've run out of tea as well What ? No tea ? That 's all we needed ! Let me tell Kartal to bring some back Tell him to get me cigs if he can find any ... God forbid , I hope nothing bad happened . Yes ? Kartal , where are you ? We 've been worried sick . We 're following Gokmen 's tracks . With God 's help , I 'll come back with him . He found him . He found Gokmen 's location ! Could you bring some tea and cigs for the doctor please dear ? Who are they ? What 's going on ? Gokmen lives here - What 's he doing on top of a mountain ? - You 'll find out soon Welcome Princess Maya These are Gokmen 's friends Take us to him Aunt Florya Master ? You 're on land , I was looking in the sky . Where have you been for eight years ? I knew you wouldn 't leave me , I knew it . This is my wife . - He 's told me so much about you - It 's a pleasure I see you 've been busy Daddy , who is this man ? The master I 've been telling you about son . He 's your son ? God bless him . What is your name ? It 's Kartal ? You 're still keeping the outfit It 's my responsibility to do so . - You were always so just and fair to all - My dear son You haven 't completed the mission though Why is this flag here ? Why is it being kept hidden in a cave ? Why are all these people in misery ? Because of my father . You found Gokmen . Horrible things are going to happen now ! Leave this planet before he kills you both . There are things you must see first ! Where ? Where is Maya ? Earthlings kidnapped her . Why don 't you believe me ? They 've run out of girls on earth so they come and kidnap them from space ? Gokmen . They 're here for Gokmen . Gokmen 's men . I 'm about to lose Lunatica too . You must do something Zaldabar ! I will ... The man from earth will come and save us all . Come terrestrial man ! For once say something else , you fool ! Gokmen call me Kartal . Taksim-Besiktas bus driver Captain Kartal . Who is this Captain Kartal ? The son of the man who saved the world . - Didn 't I say so ? - Get out of here . Out ! Master , all the earthlings who landed on our planet have been captured . Let 's go girls ! You think this is humane ? Is this how one treats his guests ? Inconsiderate people ! Is that you again ? Why are you using that tone of voice ? - This is my final ultimatum Cemal . I 'm taking the kids and going to my mom . Go to hell , see if I care ! You did the right thing man , the poor guy 's always being nagged at . Shut up ! - Tugce , Captain found Gokmen . He says we 'll be here just a little longer - Don 't you worry about us . We 'll see you soon . Of course we will . Let 's not keep him waiting any longer . He 's the man who saved the world . He saved me . I was desperately floating around space Suddenly a miracle happened He was always spoken of as a legend It was true . Years have passed . Dogibus was very fond of me at the beginning , but when I challenged his oppression of the people we drifted apart When I decided to marry his sister , he thought I was after his throne . He tried to have me killed . So I ran away with Florya and those close to me . The whole army was after us . We were so vulnerable . At first we resisted them , they had scary guns . Just as I thought it was all over , I saw that light again . He glided down from the sky like an angel . " Not being able to reach you isn 't to lose you , world " were his last words . We placed him in an ice block so his body wouldn 't rot we 've been waiting for his soul to return for many years . Dad ! Dad ! - We decrypted the frequency - Okay - Maximum level for Alfa Mag indicator - Got it - Is the robot patrol ready for beaming ? - Ready to go boss . Perfect . I will show you what it means to kidnap Maya ! I will make life hell for you The son of the man who saved the world ! Let the operation begin My respected fellow citizens of Lunatica I would like to introduce you to your absolute savior Captain Kartal the son of the man who saved the world . - Aren 't you going to say anything ? - What do You want me to say ? Just say something , anything ! Citizens of Lunatica , together we shall save this planet from the evil ones . We shall all together see the day when you begin to live in peace This is Zaldabar 's ship They found us , now what ? We fight until the last drop of our blood . They killed him . No , they fainted , the guns only shock them - Come here ! - Let me Go . I never hit a woman , move out of my way ! Stop You can 't get anywhere with tyranny the girl doesn 't love you , let her go What will you do if I don 't ? You think you will conquer all , Captain ? - What ? - Zitt . Plutonkoy I said stop . You fool , you still don 't understand , we 're brothers . Look at my eyes , these are your eyes too these hands are your hands too We come from the same body , same bosom We 're brothers Let that girl go and let 's talk civilized . I 'm not civilized , I 'm an extraterrestrial You 're a true earthling . You are the son of the man who saved the world I know who my father is , if you 're not sure , go and ask your mom Stop being so vulgar That 's the way to do it . Come , let me kiss you now I knew I had a brother who was kidnapped by the extraterrestrials I have waited for this moment for years but not once had I expected you to be such a swine At our last encounter I only gave you one fine but ... - ... now it isn 't going to be easy - What did You do to Gonca ? She 's become my personal assistant You haven 't paid her wages ... - ... in three months - Insufficient funds Move out of my way Don 't let go Whatever you do , you 're still my brother . No ! Do you think they will ask for our final wishes before they kill us all Cemal ? Like what for example ? I won 't rest in peace if I die before seeing a space brothel - You woke up in good form , man - I don 't remember anything about it Maybe I can fix it . If not , does this mean Cenap is a space martyr ? What martyr , he died for no good reason I would rather die than get married to him . You 'll marry him . Whether you cry or scream you 'll marry him tomorrow Please don 't Dogi . Stop forcing her to do things . - I 'll marry you on one condition , Zaldabar - Tell me my love You will free the earthlings Nothing means more than you . Done deal . It 's done . Let the wedding preparations begin . I have three questions . How many degrees are a triangle 's interior angles ? What are the names of the seven wonders of the world ? How the hell should I know ? What 's your father 's name ? The Man Who Saved the World Now I get it . You are the son of the man who saved the world And who are you ? The fool of the palace Where is Maya ? The princess is getting married That 's not possible Get up earthling - What are You trying to say ? - I killed someone today You do that all the time Zaldabar But this one looked a lot like me . He told me he was my twin . According to him , I am the son of the man who saved the world Did you believe him ? I know you are my father but as he was about to fall from the cliff he looked straight into my eyes . I saw myself in those eyes As his hand slipped from mine it seemed as if I died as well I tried saving him , trust me I really did You 're here to talk about all this nonsense ? No . I 'm getting married tomorrow . I wanted to invite you to my wedding . - You 're going to come right ? - Okay , I 'll come . Thank you dad . This is it . This is it . This is what a superhero looks like Stop with the excessive flattery Show me the way We 're running late Uranus , you take care of the ship , okay son ? Welcome . You are very kind to perform my daughter 's marriage ceremony I 've always been fond of Lunatica We captured Gokmen , thanks to my son-in-law We 're rapidly progressing towards acceptance into the Orion Union That 's going to be difficult Zaldabar , my son , come on Everyone is waiting for you - We 're almost there - Bring the robots with You as well This guy is no good , no good Smile a little , smiling suits you What about you ? You 're marrying tonight I feel confused after all that 's happened Me too Isn 't this everything you always wanted ? What good will it do ? Maya doesn 't love me . But you love her . You may find it odd but I kind of feel the same way Love brought me to you . I can 't go anywhere else , I can 't go anywhere else , my place is here We have to be true lovers , Say these words to Maya , looking straight into her eyes . Then place a kiss on her lips . Do you understand what I 'm saying ? Maybe it 'll be worthwhile He couldn 't have died . He 'll come , I know he will . Since I 've met him , he 's never proved me wrong . Maya ... You look amazing . Let me introduce you to Gonca ... My new assistant . You 're even more beautiful than Zaldabar said . - May God make You very happy - Thank you . Just a small gift . With your permission please I hope you didn 't forget your promise ? How could I , my love ? Welcome our Great Master ! Respected Uga , how are you ? My in-law . My dear ! - You 're all here ! - Thank God for reuniting us all ! No , Captain Zaldabar ? - Where is Captain Kartal ? - Shut up ! You 're all free to go ! What about me ? You go , wait for me at the wedding . Let 's go and join the festivities of a space wedding . We 're so lucky ! You 're so right ! We 'll even get to eat some Turkish delight Yep . Let 's go . I 'll try to hook up with an extra-terrestrial woman there ! - Don 't you think of anything else ? - C 'mon ! You , daughter of Dogibus , Maya , do you accept Zaldabar 's hand in marriage ? You , Maya , do you accept this marriage ? Yes , I do . Son of Uga , Zaldabar , Dogibus ' daughter ... I object ! There 's a mistake here sir ! He didn 't die ! Zaldabar isn 't Uga 's son , he is the son of the man who saved the world His name 's not Zaldabar , it 's Sahin ( Hawk ) and his middle name is Bayram He 's not an extra-terrestrial but actually an earthling born in Sivrihisar , Eskisehir And he 's a draft-dodger What are you doing here ? I 've never been to a space wedding before No one can kick me out of here ! At the same time , he 's my twin brother . Is this all true dad ? Don 't call him dad , he 's not your father ! Say something dad ! I have documents to prove everything . Drop your trousers ! Enough is enough ! - Drop them ! - Why me , why not you ? Just listen for once . Drop them . Promise , I will too , after you . Just drop ' em ! He has , on his thigh , a birthmark in the shape of my dad 's fist And how would you know ? - The midwife told me . - What the hell ? Who the hell is she ? Look , I have the exact same one ! That was you ? You cut the cord ? Yes I did . I kidnapped the son of the man who saved the world for revenge ! But apparently I missed you ! - I was born two hours later . - You sent me into space ! Yes I did . That means you sent Gokmen to us ! Yes I did . You not only alienated me from my father and mother but used me in your dirty work I haven 't learned anything from humanity because of you ! Yes I did all that as well When my father forced me to marry Dogibus he told me the order ... - ... came from up above . - Yes , yes he did all that as well I can 't stop because I 'm an evil being May God forgive your sins ! Now you both shall die Stop pushing man ! I told you to never trust your father I will trust my father but you are not my father May God be your savior Aim for the heel I don 't shoot to kill , I aim for the heel - My brother - My brother Can 't you stay here with all of us ? I must complete the mission bestowed upon me by Golbasi . The whole country eagerly awaits the return of Gokmen . I wish to come with you as well You shall stay here . Our father and this beautiful planet are in your safe hands From now on I 'll be worthy of my father . I 'll take you one day if I pass by . We can visit our mother 's grave Goodbye father Aren 't you going to say anything to me ? - Goodbye ! - That 's it ? I want to go with you too . Is there room on the ship for me ? This is where you belong . Side by side with my brother . Are these your final words ? I wish you both great happiness . Nothing has changed in Ulubatli Thank you Doctor , you repaired me . But I don 't feel like my old self . You 're right man . Everything about you jiggles now ! Stop making fun of me ! What 's up Osman bro ? I just feel so sleepy all of a sudden . Yes , yes , there 's something weird going on I 'm connecting with Golbasi Captain . Golbasi is all ears , go ahead , over . We successfully completed the mission We 're returning with Gokmen . Over . Congrats Captain . The holiday just ended yesterday . But no one has shown up yet When the director 's in I 'll let him know . Why didn 't we take Maya with us ? She had fallen in love with you . My brother loved the Princess . He needed to be loved and love more than I need to This is how it should be . You 're a true superhero . Forget about Batman , Heman , none of them would have made this kind of sacrifice . Not even Lucky Luke Captain , your brother 's calling from Lunatica Let me take it Not that one , the other one Gonca what are you doing there ? Aren 't you aboard the ship ? I decided to follow my heart 's voice ... - ... and stay with Zaldabar - He 's not Zaldabar dear , he 's Sahin Bayram You should listen to your heart too What ? Kartal ! Don 't get angry with me but I snuck some passengers on the ship - Surprise ! I wish you both much happiness ! - Congratulations The time has come to fulfill the deceased 's last wish What 's going on ? Is this a state of emergency ? What is it ? Ulubatli 33 ! This is not the right time man ! What is so important Golbasi ? It 's this Houston ranting on and on again . Over . Connect us . Kartal , a bomb is approaching the earth the earth 's going to disappear Kartal do something ! - Get moving , do something - Code red Hooray , we 're about to save the world These extraterrestrials are a disgrace ! Shush , speak properly ! Dad ? My dear son ! - The shit 's going to hit the fan now dad ! - Behave my son ! You ass ! Who the hell is this idiot Captain is talking with ? He 's totally lost it I think ! The poor guy ! We 're certainly all going to die this time . Get your act together You 're going to save the world How dare I even try when you are here my respected father ! I did it once so I had my turn Will you do it again , pretty please ? - Stop acting stupid , it 's your turn now - But I don 't know how to ! I will tell you exactly what to do , step by step You think I 'll be able to handle it ? Of course you will ! You are the son of the man who saved the world I 'm the son of the man who saved the world I 'm waiting for your orders dad ! Raise the protector shields Activate all of them - Tugce , the protective shields ? - Got it For once , don 't make a mistake - This one ? - No ! The switch ! Now make the tractive work in full power . You shall transform Ulubatli into a gigantic magnet What the hell is this guy doing ? We should all live in peace We 're not going to die , we 'll be martyrs - In the name of our country ! - In the name of our country ! Keep the bomb as it is It 's really difficult dad ! Now a sharp left and turn around I think I did it ! Decrease the tractive 's power It 's almost at zero Now release the bomb Send it back to where it came from I did that exactly ! Don 't forget , a world without people people without a world , can 't exist !
