 { \ pos ( 200,225 ) } - Herb Kinsman got the axe . - So who 's in charge ? { \ pos ( 200,225 ) } A guy named Carl Riddlemeyer . How 'd did you get this appointment without knowing one thing about science ? Well , I slept with you for 25 years . Why the heck do I need NorBAC ? Science is on the verge of unlocking the secrets of life . And you 're thinking about amputating the only organization that 's actually minding the store ! You 're insane ! - I 'm gonna do this thing with Angie . - Who ? Angelica Starov . I 'd like to talk to you about Owen . She fixes addicts by messing with the biology in their brains . Owen , the science is way off . We have 4 hospitals saying it 's West Nile and 3 saying it isn 't . 3 of the sick people paid for a night at the same motel on the same night . - The floor was rented for a convention . - What kind of convention ? How many partners do people have in a night ? I don 't know , 1 , 10 , 20 . It 's up to them . We just got a priority alert of an outbreak in Boston . 13 thirty-somethings , male and female , in critical condition , 1 fatality . This little virus is already starting to jump cities and we still don 't know what it is ! We 're losing ! Fever , headaches , stiffness , convulsions , pneumonia , coma . Identical to San Francisco . - Any success with treatment ? - None . Dr. Farlow , do any of the patients know each other ? Only the ones who are married , and I give them the benefit of the doubt . It 's spread out over the western inner suburbs of Boston . - From Watertown and south to Newton . - Where 's that ? Get a map . No one has been to San Francisco recently . No one will admit to belonging to a swingers club . Except me . Doctor , can you look at this ? There 's been a change in the condition . No elderly . No children . Overall , they skew a little younger than San Francisco . More women than men too . Divide and conquer ? What were the first symptoms ? Is your husband sick ? Your children ? - How old are they ? - What do you do for a living ? Moms . Dads . No one had little kids in San Francisco . I think that 's the common link here in Boston . These people aren 't swingers . They push swings . Maybe ... That 's a pretty wide net . - How many of them have children ? - Don 't know . - Just the baby ? How old ? - Almost one . - She was sick first ? - Yeah . Do you have a nanny ? A babysitter ? Where have you been with her in the last 2 weeks ? Sorry , what 's Kiddie Joyland ? Do you ever go to a place called Kiddie Joyland at the Maple Creek Mall ? You were there last Monday ? It could be a coincidence . Babies are always sick . But Kiddie Joyland , that 's not a coincidence . ReGenesis 3x04 I Dream of Genomes Subtitles Team NorBAC Synchro Bbsiocnarf , Golgi , Goufrach , Lovechange , NikoMagnus Version OGM 1.0 Nothing to do with me . { \ pos ( 250,260 ) } 13 people are very sick . Their babies were all here last week . { \ pos ( 140,260 ) } - I wash the toys . - Do you disinfect using bleach ? { \ pos ( 250,260 ) } In the future , please do . { \ pos ( 200,260 ) } - How long are you closing me ? - You didn 't notice if anyone was ill ? { \ pos ( 140,260 ) } I need a receipt for everything he takes . { \ pos ( 140,260 ) } Fine , we 'll get you a receipt . Now answer my question . { \ pos ( 200,260 ) } Did you see if anyone was very sick ? { \ pos ( 260,260 ) } Why don 't you answer my question ? How long are you closing me ? { \ pos ( 260,260 ) } 50 years if you don 't answer my question . { \ pos ( 200,260 ) } What ? { \ pos ( 200,260 ) } Go to hell . { \ pos ( 200,260 ) } David . { \ pos ( 140,260 ) } - What ? - What 's with you ? { \ pos ( 130,260 ) } I hate foreigners . Especially you these days . { \ pos ( 250,260 ) } Why isn 't she sick ? { \ pos ( 250,260 ) } That 's a good question . { \ pos ( 140,260 ) } By any chance , are you on Interferon ? { \ pos ( 140,260 ) } I don 't know what you 're talking about . { \ pos ( 200,260 ) } How are you feeling ? Do you have any cold or flu symptoms ? { \ pos ( 140,260 ) } - No . - Are you on medication ? { \ pos ( 200,260 ) } No . Should we take her in for a blood test ? How many kids are here on a weekday ? - 200 . - 200 ! You deal with 200 kids a day ? By yourself ? Remember those 50 years you 're gonna be closed ? I have help ... One girl . Who ? Look , we don 't care if she 's illegal . Katarina . I can 't pronounce her last name . From Bratislava . Is she sick ? - How sick ? Is it a flu ? - How long has she been sick ? I don 't know . She hasn 't been here all week . Listen , Owen , I read some of Angelica Starov 's papers and yes , she 's doing amazing stuff , but let 's hold off till she 's nailed the science . Okay ? She 's still working with mice , for Christ 's sakes . - I can 't wait . - Yes , you can . When I was your age I thought waiting till the weekend was a lifetime , but it 's not . Hang on a second , Owen . - What ? - We 're ready for you . Okay , hang on . Carlos ! They 're ready . Listen , I gotta call you back . I 'll call you tomorrow . When I met you , you were living in a refrigerator box in the subway . I think you can hold out there for a little while longer . The guards are sick . Black dudes won 't even talk to me . I 'm supposed to hang out with the white guys , but they 're all fucking Nazis . Finally fucking got me , okay . They held me down , and took turns . Owen , I 'm sorry . But listen , there 's a virus . People are dying . I 've gotta go . Wes , I 'll put you on speaker . The police and medical investigators seem to know what they need to do , which is find out how Katarina got infected and who she came into contact with . Wes , the Boston patients are all parents of infants . Not sure yet if the adults are making their babies sick or the other way , but outbreak seems to be centered around a place in a mall where kids play . Kiddie Joyland . The key here is that the babies all recover . No deaths or hospitalizations ? With the babies , none . - Why ? - We don 't know . Logan Airport . The guy in San Francisco who isn 't very sick with Sinatra . He has Chronic Granulomatous disease ? - Yeah . - Find anything out about the fatality in Boston ? Early 20s . She worked at Joyland . Died about 18 hours ago . I 'll see what else I can dig up about her . We have no proof it was Sinatra , but it 's a pretty good bet . So we 're making that assumption . - Any connection to San Francisco ? - The police go through her apartment . - Wait , wait , wait ... - Bob . Remember when I thought it had something to do with the 4 genes associated with Chronic Granulomatous Disease ? - Yeah . - CYB-B , CYB-A , NCF-1 and NCF-2 . - It doesn 't . - Bob ! What do babies and people with Chronic Granulomatous Disease have in common ? Nice catch , Bob ! Of course . They both have weak immune systems . What 's going on , guys ? Sinatra is one of those diseases where technically it 's not the disease that kills you : it 's the immune system 's response to it . Your body is trying so hard to kill the germs , it literally kills itself . Yeah , but if your immune system is weak like in babies , it 's not strong enough to kill you . Which explains where we went wrong in San Francisco . Pete Braungart 's immune system was low so he was on Interferon to boost it . And we thought the Interferon was what was fighting off Sinatra . When we gave Nina Interferon , her immune system became hyperactive , and it killed her . I made a mistake , David . If it makes you feel any better , we all blew it . Shit ! Call an ambulance ! Sign in . - I don 't remember having lunch . - Yeah , we didn 't . - It 's too late now . - Yeah . What ? Yeah . I gotta go ! - Bob . - Hi , Carlos . Hey . Toys from Joyland . If you could take half for toxicology , the other half for virology and bacteriology . - I 'll sort it . - Thank you . You try to commit suicide again , I 'll kill you . Nice . Well , congratulations , you 're out of juvenile detention . Your words , Owen . Use your words . I know your throat hurts but your tongue still works . Alright , suit yourself . - Rachel . - Hey . - I have babies blood . - Thanks . You think they survived Sinatra ? You tell me . Alright . Where are you , Sinatra ? Down to scraping the bottom of a duck , are we ? Last of all the toys . You know , Queen Elizabeth has a rubber duck with a crown in her bathtub . I don 't know why I know that , but I do . Have you found anything yet ? Lots of common bacteria plenty of viruses , nothing identified yet . That might be about to change . I have some interesting interim results . So , of the 73 viruses we found in patients 7 and 9 from San Francisco , 13 didn 't occur in the control group . Let 's compare those 13 viruses to the blood work from Boston . See if we can 't isolate one common virus . Alright . 13 . Maybe it 's our lucky number . While you 're at it , why don 't you check it against her majesty 's fowl there . Maybe we can tie the virus into the babies somehow . Whose fowl ? Oh , just send me the results . Alright ... My guilt only keeps me here so long . Bye . - Fuck you . - Ah , he speaks ! - Talk to me . - I asked you to help me . Yeah , I cannot stay in here ! You told me that my addiction could be fixed . Now you tell me that it can 't . What the hell am I supposed to think ? ! What I told you was we might be able to turn off the addiction genes in you . But the science is , like , 15 years from now . Angelica can do it now . I don 't know what she 's proposing , but I doubt it 's what I had in mind . Look , I just asked you to talk to her . What I think , is that Angelica Starov is in a rush to prove herself by pushing forward something that hasn 't been fully tested . It 's gotta be tested some time , so why not on me ? Because I don 't want you as the first kid on your cellblock to get a brain fuck from a scientist ! You 're such a hypocrite . You 'd test stuff on yourself , wouldn 't you ? That 's , that 's entirely different . How ? Because I know how stupid something like this is . I 'm just as stupid as you are . I 'll talk to her . Talk . Mommy . So you know , I 'm just about to say to her , come on , just relax , kids , they need their viruses and their bacterium in order to develop their immunity . And then it hit me . Sinatra must be a disease like measles or mumps or chickenpox . Sorry , I don 't get the connection . With Sinatra , children survive . It 's like the mumps . It 's relatively harmless in children , but in adults the symptoms can be quite severe , - leading to infertility . - Exactly . See . What I 'm thinking is ... All this time we have been looking for a rare disease . But Sinatra is not a rare disease . I mean , it 's rare here in North America . But somewhere out there in the world it 's a very common disease . It 's so common that every baby is exposed to it . And babies live because they don 't launch much of an immune response . A weak immune response saves them . And as adults if they get the disease , they 've got antibodies so they don 't get as sick . Okay , but bring Sinatra to North America where we don 't get it as kids and then we 're like those natives . - Adults just start dropping like flies . - But not babies . - That 's got to be it . - Maybe . Let 's hope so . Okay , what have you got ? Oh , the Boston victims you gave me ? None of them links to San Francisco . Okay , so we still have no idea how it 's crossed the continent . We have one virus in 2 of the San Francisco patients , 3 of the Boston babies , and not in our control group . - We think we have our guy . - Fantastic ! We 're still checking toys to see if we can find it , then we can figure out how it spread . - I 'll run it against the databases . - We 're on our way , and so am I. Let me help you with that . Thank you . Go to work . Thank you . Excuse me . Angelica Starov ? She 's right over there . - Dr. Starov . - Angelica . - And you are David Sandström . - I am . Good to meet you . So you do want to learn how I can help Owen ? I do . Let 's get out of here . Quick dinner , maybe ? Pizza ? I was just thinking about having some pizza . Let 's go . He 's a desperate kid . I can 't believe he tried to kill himself . Me neither . At least he 's okay . Well , kinda . David , I really like Owen . He 's gutsy . He has his charms . I was really upset when they put him in Violent and Dangerous wing . I 've spent time there . Really ? As a scientist . It 's not pretty . Let 's talk science . Well , um ... I 've been working on the chemistry of addiction since I was an undergrad . Did my post-doc on it . Do I look familiar ? For the whole year of proteomics I sat in the front row and smiled at you . - Oh , now I remember . - Sure you do . Well , there were 20 of us , actually . Staring at you . When was this ? Maybe 8 years ago . See , there 's a lotta beer under the bridge . I hated teaching . That much we learned ! I love teaching . - What have you got ? - The micro array results for Sinatra . 5 of the samples overlap for herpes virus , nothing else though . - Could it be beta ? - Maybe . Not definitive . I 'd need more sequence results . Well , I 've got a guy over at U of T sitting on his ass waiting for this . I still remember that lecture like it was yesterday . Even then , you were talking about genetics and addiction . I still think it 's the only solution . But I don 't think we 're there yet . I am . What do you know about Switch Theory ? It 's like doing heroin . The heroin causes your nerve cells to release a neurotransmitter called Gaba , which makes you calm . But if you do too much heroin , your nerve cells ' neurons overload and malfunction . The malfunction triggers a neighbouring neurotransmitter that does the opposite . Instead of Gaba , you get dopamine , which energizes you . It gets you , gets you up , speed up , twitch . You get obsessive . You crave that hit again and again , and hence , addiction . All we have to do to stop the addiction is throw back the switch . Well , yeah , but how are you going to do that ? Well , when you become an addict , it 's because your brain chemistry has changed . So I 'm going to change that chemistry back . How ? That 's a secret . And to get an answer , you 're going to have to buy me dinner . Because this one is on me . Thank you . Thank you . Tomorrow . Let me check my date book . I 'll call you . Hey , Rachel , results . - Hey . - Alright , what have we got ? The viral sequence is identical look . It 's 100 % match . To a Beta Herpes virus ? What about other primer sets ? - No , there 's nothing . - Controls ? Controls are negative . Oh my god . Well , this could be our guy . Yeah . Okay , what is it ? I don 't know . Let 's send it to TIGR . Sequence the genome from all 5 samples . Yeah , but people are gonna die waiting . Screw it , you know , I 'm gonna do an ELISA . That won 't be sensitive enough . Oh yeah ? Watch and learn . Rachel . You 're snoring . What ? Sorry , I was ... We were just trying to get in touch with you . Was I really snoring , really ? - So , ya got good news ? - No . It 's great news ! Sinatra is Filipino Virus C-2 . - You sequence it ? - Yep . Does it look like anybody fucked with it ? You familiar with it ? - It was a big killer in the 80s , right ? - That 's right . At its peak , it was killing about 20 Westerners a month . - How 'd they get rid of it then ? - They didn 't . After 6 months , it died out , before they were anywhere near a cure . Shit . Okay , go home get some sleep . - Really ? - Really . Okay . Good work , Rachel . Here it is . Sinatra a.k.a Filipino virus C-2 . It 's related to chicken pox and mono , maybe cancer and MS. Really ? Here 's the genome . Typical beta herpes virus . Icosahedral capsid envelope non-structural proteins , linear double-stranded DNA . And David was right . It is common somewhere else as the name may suggest , in the Philippines . What exactly does that mean ? Babies get it but because it 's the response that kills and babies can 't mount much of an immune response , they live . Aw shit ! That 's why the Filipino woman in Boston didn 't get it . She had it as a kid . Staring us right in the face . I 'll inform the hospitals in Boston and San Francisco . They 'll have some idea what they 're dealing with . - Should I include the CDC ? - Of course . Okay , Wes . You and Mayko , you 're with me . Patient Zero . I wanna find out how this thing ended up in Boston and San Francisco . Bob , Rachel , Carlos ; cure and treatment . Let 's go . Okay first thing we need to find out : How many people fly from the Philippines to the USA everyday ? 4000 on average . - How do you know that ? - I googled it . I told you he 's not a complete idiot . Second , we need to find out who the hell flew from the Philippines to the USA between 3 and 5 weeks ago . I 'll triangulate Boston , San Francisco , and the names on passenger manifests . Good . Trouble is we still don 't know everyone who 's in the Sinatra Appreciation Society . - I 'm working on it . - Good . Wes , I need you to get Homeland Security to crack that Sinatra guy 's computer . Anything about Boston or the Philippines . Now , what about that Slovakian co-worker ? Katarina . She 's illegal . All her friends are illegal . Nobody 's talking . Wes , maybe she brought Sinatra to North America . Maybe she connects to San Francisco . Maybe she fucked a members of the club . Well , shit , Wes . Pull some strings . Or yank some chains . Use whatever cliché you want , but find out how she got it . Bob , Rachel , Carlos ; cure and treatment . Let 's go . Alright . Okay , we need to find out what , if anything , they learned from when it hit in the 1980s . Tufts is coordinating a number of studies on historical rare beta herpes outbreaks . - I can call them . - I 'll find what they do in Philippines . Maybe , they 've established some kind of protocols for dealing with adult foreigners who get the disease . Maybe there 's an outbreak right now . I should get in touch with WHO and see if there 's an outbreak of C-2 anywhere else in the world . What other bases can we cover ? Well , if I could get a virus off that rubber duck , we could confirm that Joyland was the centre of the outbreak . How 's it going ? Lots to do . Got 2 minutes ? I found some scientists out of Barcelona using viral vectors as a transport system to knock out cancer . They 're in stage one clinical trials . I need you to look into it , okay ? Give them a call , find out how the trials are doing . I 've got some specific questions here about applying it in gene therapy . What 's this about ? Personal favour . That addiction gene theory of mine . I just , I figure maybe in Spanish you 'll get a better idea of how good their science is . Okay . I 'll call them as soon as I familiarize myself . Okay , thanks . But Sinatra has priority . Of course . - This enough ? - 2 more . So , tell me your secret recipe for erasing Owen 's addiction . Don 't you believe in conversational foreplay ? Figures . Come on , I told him I 'd get on it . I want to go after the dopamine pathway . Yeah , you and everybody else . With a genetic cure . How ? Insert a protein that inhibits dopamine beta-hydroxylase right in the addiction part of the brain . I do it once and his genes do the work forever . You got it happening ? In mice , right ? Yeah . Well , it 's pretty easy to inject it in a mouse brain . How you gonna do it in a human ? Come on . This is show and tell . We 've done it with primates . Tell me more . Ventral tegmental area of the midbrain . Intersection of ... these 2 lines . How do you get it in there ? A crippled alpha herpes virus . They love to hide out in your nerve cells , so we hop aboard for a ride . It travels along your optic nerve to the optic chiasm . - Where the nerves of the eyes cross . - Right there , is a part of your optic nerve that goes up into a ventral tegmental midbrain . Pretty easy . In theory . What if I told you somebody 's already working on it ? Who ? ! When I was in China , the virologist there said that they were using a crippled alpha herpes virus to deliver agents to knock out genes in the brain . - Which genes ? - The ones for violence and aggression . I mean , they got 1.5 million people in jail . They want to give them all injections and send them home . The US has 2 million in jail . Costs the taxpayer 200 billion a year . Which is probably why they never turn me down for a grant . So , how are the Chinese doing ? Well , they keep shutting down the wrong genes and killing people . Well , I guess this is one department where we 're ahead of them . In my lab we developed a new way to regulate viral latency . We can deliver viruses right ... to the nerve cells . You 're not a bad cook . Thank you . What else can you do ? Oh , not much . Just the 3 Ss . And those are ? Science , steak and ... And ? Isn 't , uh ... Isn 't appetite related to the same ... neurological - pathway as addiction ? - Yeah . Well , what if your cure accidentally cures him from eating ? Yeah , it did ... in rhesus monkeys . But ... people know they have to eat . He 's a kid . If he thinks he can save money on food so he can buy tickets to Phish , he will . Phish ? They broke up in 2004 . Wait , wait , stop . If you take away his addiction , that means he can never become addicted . And if he can never become an addict , what 's to keep him from doing all the drugs he wants to do ? 3 reasons : cost , overdose and risks associated with needle use . No , no ... He 'll think he can quit when he wants and then he 's gonna die of AIDS or Hep C or an overdose . People take risks everyday . At least it will be his free choice . - Yeah , but ... - Now please shut up . A genetic cure is permanent . Why don 't we try something temporary like a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor . That 'd work . - Want some ice cream ? - Sure . He would have to take a cure every day . So ? A lot of people take meds every day . We are talking about drug addicts , marginal people , the homeless , kids . You want chocolate or chocolate ? Chocolate . David , you argued at his bail hearing that genetics have to be considered in court . Fine , but society can go 2 ways . If we say that addiction is genetic , then the public will demand that we will lock them up forever or cure them . How about ... a bowl or at least a spoon ? I hate using dishes . - On the table ? - We 're not animals . I 'm not the first , am I ? I love my kitchen . So come on . Let 's go with a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor . I mean , it 'll tell us how likely a permanent cure would work . - David . Good morning . - Morning . So I went through everything . I spoke with a Luis Arroyo in Barcelona . Very helpful , doing exceptional work there . He sent me his latest results . Now , this in particular I think might be of interest to you . - Okay , Thanks Carlos . - Is this about Owen ? Because Arroyo said if you try this on a human being , you should be arrested . It 's okay though , 'cause Owen 's just a teenager . I 'm joking . We 're gonna go with carbonic anhydrase inhibitor , see what that does . - Okay ? - Okay . Thanks for this , though . Morning . What 's with you ? Did you join a cult ? Just happy to be alive . - You join a cult . - No ! But there was a guy from the Sinatra Society who traveled to the Philippines . - Tell me . - Mark Smith , with a " k " . - And he bought a ticket to Boston . - Fuckin ' A. Congratulations . Beauty beat the Beast . Wes ! Find Mark Smith before he infects the whole goddamn continent . I 'm already on it . When did he get so ... Efficient ? - How 'd you get the name ? - I didn 't . Wes did . Well remind me to apologize to Wes at the Christmas party . Hey , what Christm ... - Alright , explain it back to us . - I 'm not an idiot . - Pretend I am . - Easy . You 're gonna give me a shot every day . Then that 's gonna cure of my addiction . And then I can go petition the courts to be released . - The risks of dosage ? - I didn 't catch that part . It 's a glaucoma medication . This is off-label . That means we 're using it for something it wasn 't designed to do . - And at the higher dosage . - Who cares ? Fear of risky behaviour is not in his genes . - But you 're gonna cure me of all that . - No . The genes that make you a risk for addiction are still gonna be there . We 're gonna try to undo what they 've done to your body chemistry . Then it 's back to free will , kiddo . - Can you turn down drugs ? - Of course . - Owen , you 're doing crystal again . - I can kick ! - Can you give us a minute , please ? - Sure . Okay , I 'm gonna tell you something . I 've got the same genetic predisposition for addiction as you do . - Fuck you . - Pretty much . And I went right off the rails a little while ago . And I had to give up drinking period . This is gonna be the hardest thing you 've ever done . Good luck . San Francisco 's reporting 5 new cases . As far as we can tell , they 're connected to the Sinatra Appreciation Society . - Any new fatalities ? - 2 . - Recoveries ? - Still none . - What about Boston ? - 3 new cases . No new fatalities . - Where are we with the antivirals ? - I 've started testing . 4 hospitals are trying various cocktails . I guess we 're gonna have to get imaginative . In the Philippines , babies get it . They have immunity from breast milk , they often don 't have bad infections . There 's a treatment we haven 't tried . How do you treat non-Filipinos who get it ? Nothing works . Fortunately , surprisingly few North Americans get infected with C-2 . But if adults do , they usually die . Effective way of keeping it from spreading here ? There are no C-2 outbreaks in the world , including the Philippines . Bob , what about that outbreak in the early 80s in the US ? An American soldier brought it back . He had relations with a prostitute who had a young baby . Most likely , he contracted it from the baby . I 've confirmed Sinatra in Boston blood samples from the babies , and I also found it on several toys from Joyland . There it is . We 're officially dealing with 2 outbreaks . Spread through swingers ' club in San Francisco , how 's it spreading in Boston ? Scenarios . A baby has Sinatra . They spread it to other babies and the parents get sick . Something else . A parent contracts disease , they give it to their baby , who spreads it to other . - And their parents in turn contract it . - Closer . How about this ? Katarina was one of the first to die . Maybe she was in fact the first infected . She goes to work sick , handles the toys . Babies get the disease pass it to one another , give it to their parents . Dollars to donuts that 's how it went down . We have to check the other scenarios . But I mean it kind of fits , you got an early death ; you got a connection to Kiddie Joyland . My gut tells me there 's something there . How did it jump cities ? Where are we at with Mark Smith ? It 's one of the most popular first and last names in America . - You could fill city with Mark Smiths . - We only need one , Wes . - Hey . - Hi there , Dr. Starov . Why don 't you join me in my office ? ... on " Ibogaine signals in addiction " . - What was that all about ? - He 's a fan . Easy . That 's not why I 'm here . Owen has massive amounts of blood in his urine and his stool . Shit . Apparently it 's a common side effect , but not at these amounts . Let 's lower the dosage . The IRB protocol physician insists we take him off the drug . I have no choice . We 'll appeal it . It will take 6 months , David . With the gene therapy , there won 't be any internal hemorrhaging . Why are we even discussing it ? The IRB gave me the go-ahead . So did Owen . Do you know Luis Arroyo from Barcelona ? Because he says this can 't and should not be used on a human being . He would say that . He 's a year behind us . - I want to talk to Owen . - Absolutely . I told him I wouldn 't do it until you had spoken to him . - As a courtesy . - Thank you . What ? Excuse me . I spoke to the police in San Francisco . Mark Smith was on his way to the airport to fly to Boston . - He didn 't make it . - Okay ... He was killed in a car accident 3 weeks ago . - What ? - Mark Smith did not bring it to Boston . He 's the fucking key . He 's gotta be . I will take a look at that body if it 's still around , so book Carlos and me on the next flight to San Francisco . You 're not doing the gene therapy , period . You 're way out of your depth . I 'm not your student anymore , David . He was in a head-on with a brick wall . A car went off the road and the car behind him that was following his lights smashed into him . We 're looking for a viral infection . Then you want to look at his lungs . How long has he been here ? 19 days . No next of kin . - Lungs look healthy . - Very healthy . So , you guys , you 're talking about fatal pneumonia , right ? Right . Well , necrotized lungs , you know , they 're like burnt hamburger . I mean , this guy , he 's , he 's not sick . No , he 's just dead . A guy with a rare genetic disorder has a mild Sinatra infection because he 's on Interferon . What if Mark Smith here had a mild infection ? How could we detect it ? Come on , guys . Beta Herpes viruses have reputation for hiding out in our cells . How could we find it ? Typhoid likes to hide out in the gallbladder , right ? Right . I gotta take this . Hang on . What about PCR ? Ok ? Every organ . Scattershot . Go ahead . He won 't give up on this . We 'll take everything , every organ . See if we can 't find where this virus is hiding . Okay . It 's popped up in Tallahassee . 4 dead , 11 critical . We know this guy didn 't make it to Tallahassee . Wes is booking us flights to Florida ? No , we 're not gonna catch this thing by chasing its tail . We 've got the beginnings of a pandemic here and we don 't have a fucking clue . What are we missing ? What do we need to do differently ? - What ? - You wanted me to call you . Owen , yeah . I 'll catch up . Listen , Owen , you can 't do this procedure . It 's totally untried . Columbus didn 't know where he was going , but he went . Columbus ? First of all , Columbus was trying to get to China and he never got there . Secondly , he could always turn back . This is irreversible . Yeah but immediate . - You 're not doing it . - I am so . No I won 't allow it . You 're just a kid . I 'm 17 . You 'd be jumping off a cliff , Owen . I can do what I want . { \ pos ( 200,225 ) } Tallahassee . 6 dead , 16 sick . { \ pos ( 200,225 ) } 3 new fatalities in Boston , 5 in San Francisco . We 're sending you blood and tissue samples from Mark Smith . The Philippine immigration says Mark Smith never registered in a hotel . So what was he doing there ? That is everything you didn 't want to talk about . - It 's a perfectible procedure . - Fine ! Perfect it on lab rats ! Owen is a human being . I 'm training for Muskoka Ironman , right . I thought it might be fun to go for a ride after work together . I 'm here in Washington with Doctor Joanna Sevine , regional case officer for the centres for disease control . We 're testing 20 birds for avian flu . Hi . Sorry am I interrupting ? - This is Joanna , an old friend of mine . - How well do you know her ? No . Don 't even think about it . The birds and the people are still sick . If it 's not avian flu what is it ? - Could it be environmental ? - Methylmercury . They 've never seen concentrations like this . They 're off the dial .
