 Previously on The 4400 ... These shots are free Give them to anyone who wants them , but be careful to explain the risks Handing out promicin like candy changes everything , Shawn Nobody can predict what 's going to happen once people everywhere start developing abilities How 's it going , sibling ? April Skouris , black sheep of the family You don 't really know this girl , do you ? While we were planning our wedding , you were working with Ryland , betraying me ... - Where 's the promicin ? - Get your hands off of me He 's stable . That 's the good news But he hasn 't regained consciousness They don 't know when he will I have a job offer in Spain If you come with me ... If Collier 's right , if moving into this new world of his means more upheaval in the here and now , I 'm going to find myself a place where I can live at peace with my daughter as long as I can Alana 's picture 's gone out to every hospital and law enforcement agency in the country Nobody 's seen her , Tom . I 'm sorry Hey , Kyle ! You ready ? Come on , buddy . It 's starting soon You think I 'd be late for this ? I 'm as psyched as you are , dad Good , let 's do it , then I saved you some seats Sorry - Hey , Tom - Hey , Maia - You look nice - Thank you You said you 'd be late , so I held things up for you Hey , guys - How are you doing ? - How are you ? Hi , Tess . Hi , honey Good to see you - Kevin ... - How are you ? I thought you 'd never make it Well , I had a little help Thank you I appreciate the applause , even though I know who it 's really for We 're all here to give thanks to one man , a man who took a dark and dangerous world ... and healed it A man who eliminated disease and war and changed our ideas of what it is to be a human being He made 4400 abilities available to everyone , and all of our lives are better for it Some call him a savior , some call him a messiah He 's all that and more . Ladies and gentlemen , M. Jordan Collier Today , this morning , here and everywhere , it is good to be alive ! United , like humanity has never been united Through promicin , the gift I brought you , and that you ... accepted Together , we have created heaven on Earth , a time of joy , endless joy , that we share as one And for that , I say let us bow our heads in thanks It 's okay It was a dream You were dreaming ... again What was it about this time ? I handed out the promicin I stopped the catastrophe It was the right thing to do We saved the future from ... I know ... what kind of world I prevented But is the world I created any better ? THE 4400 4x01 The Wrath of Graham More , please That is so disgusting You said you wouldn 't do that in front of me anymore It 's gross It 's not disgusting . It 's love , and one day , you 'll understand So , mommy , when are you going to tell us ? Tell us what ? Mommy got the job offer The job with the European Union came through ? She 'll be advising them on all things 4400 They said we could live anywhere in the E.U The benefit package is unbelievable Is there anything the job doesn 't come with ? Yeah , a gun , which makes it just about perfect If I take this , it means that we 're not just on vacation anymore We have to settle down somewhere So how about it ? Is everyone ready to put down some roots ? - Hey , dad - When did you get back into town ? Why didn 't you call me ? Honestly ? The way things left off , I wasn 't sure you wanted to hear from me You said you wanted some distance I was trying to respect that , but you should know you ... You can talk to me any time I start this new job tomorrow It 's a legal aid thing helping out the 4400 I was going to get a hotel , you know , while I looked for an apartment , but it just seemed kind of stupid you being here all by yourself Still no word on Alana ? I could use some company I 'm sorry she 's gone , dad I really liked her She loved you Yeah , I know I keep hoping that I 'll come home some day , and she 's just going to be here I 'm going to go unpack . OK ? I want to go see Shawn later Welcome home Thanks The good news is I 'm not dead I took the shot three days ago and I 'm still here The bad news ? I can 't blow things up with my mind , or fly , or do anything differently at all I 'm still just me Graham ... A.K.A. No one OK , so ... I kind of want to go to the prom with Jeff Amber ! Such a stupid geek All right , guys , get in here Time to pick teams . Come on , move it Line up over here , guys Come on , Mike ! You 're always the last one . Hurry up ! I 'll take ... Graham I want Graham Me ? Wait a minute - I 'm taking Graham - Guys ... come one , stop messing with me Everyone knows I suck at basketball Listen up If Graham doesn 't want to shoot hoops , then hoops is off the menu So how about it , Graham ? What do you want to play ? You 're serious ? Absolutely We can play whatever you want Tell us what to do - Thumb wrestling ? - All right ... thumb wrestling it is Pair up ! You two over here , come on , come on , move it ! You two guys , over here Mike , you and Billy over here What 's going on ? Say hello to the new head of NTAC I don 't get it The woman doesn 't have a single day of law enforcement experience She works in a think tank for a few years , so they give her a gun and a badge and tell her to go play sheriff ? I heard she managed the flow of refugees after the hurricanes in Texas , - and did a good job of it , too - She 's a political appointment Probably smiled at the right person at some cocktail party , so they passed over all the qualified people Oh , and , Tom ... she said she wanted to see you as soon as you got in - Hi . I 'm ... - ... Tom Baldwin I know . Meghan Doyle Does that look straight to you ? Sure . That ... It looks good You must like subtitles Have you ever seen La Dolce Vita ? Honestly ? No I 'm getting the distinct impression no one else around here has either , but that 's okay You should check it out , though Okay , I 'll do that Relax , Tom . It 's not homework Please , come and sit down There 's something I want you to see Something to get us off on the right foot Open it It 's interesting You do know I 'm not cleared to read this ? Of course , but I 've read your file You don 't seem like the kind of agent who 'd let that bother you Go ahead I won 't tell if you won 't This is all about Isabelle Tyler - Why are you showing me this ? - She can have visitors now I figured you might want to see her I know you 've been looking for Alana Mareva for three months I also know that you 're at a dead end You must have considered the possibility that she was abducted again Of course , people don 't just fall off the edge of the planet Isabelle Tyler is the one person alive with a tangible connection to the future If they did take Alana , maybe Isabelle will be able to tell you something You sure this isn 't going to blow back on you ? You just started . I don 't want to get you in trouble If I succeed in this job , if I bring in Jordan Collier , no one 's going to mind if a few rules are broken along the way , and if I don 't , no amount of toeing the line will save me I appreciate this . Thanks You know those posters You have a taste for foreign films , people think you 're intellectual or a radical The truth is , I just like the movies Are you sure you don 't like that they make people uncomfortable ? Maybe that , too Hey , buddy Can you hear me ? My dad says when I was in a coma , he used to talk to me all the time I don 't remember any of it , but ... who knows ? Maybe it helped I wish there was something I could do for you I tried Three months ago , I took the shot I was so scared , but I just did it anyway I was thinking maybe I could wake you up Same as you did for me Want to hear the punch line ? Nothing happened Three months , no ability Nothing . I mean , nothing Nothing 's changed at all , really That 's weird , huh ? I tried I 'm sorry Hello ? Excuse me Are you lost ? Help me Help me There are dead people everywhere I go They hate me I made them dead We made them dead Tess , we gave them a choice We didn 't force the shots on anyone I want you to take your medication All right ? It 'll make you feel better Come on , come on She 'll calm down once she 's had her pills Is that your medical opinion ? Tess is schizophrenic The strain of hiding out , the guilt over what we did , she can 't handle it It 's caused a break She needs medical care beyond what we can provide Till I find a doctor sympathetic to us , you 'll have to administer her medications yourself Well , you just remember , Tess ' ability ... is what keeps you safe If it wasn 't for her , you 'd have been arrested a long time ago And I promise you , I don 't care if the fate of the world is at stake , I will not sacrifice Tess to you Or your cause Our cause , Kevin Ours Hey , guys - What 's up ? - All of us were talking , and we just want you to know we 're with you . All of us We believe - In what ? - In you We 're not the only ones We brought someone Oh , my god Amber ? What are you doing here ? I came to be with you What the hell is going ... Amber , wait a minute You know those shots you always hear about on the news ? I took them I think maybe it 's screwing you guys up No , Graham , it 's you We want to be close to you We want to be close to the light - What light ? - The one that shines out of you I didn 't see it until today , but now I do It 's beautiful You 're beautiful Are you sure you want to do this ? They told you to kill me You didn 't do it Did you ever think maybe that 's why your girlfriend 's gone ? It 's your punishment Is that something you think , or is that something you know ? How 's Shawn ? Any change ? He 's in a regular hospital now . Long-term care What about my father ? Has anybody heard from him ? No , he 's on our list , and we 'll find him Now , Isabelle , if you know anything about Alana , please tell me Just tell me , please ! You want to have hope , don 't you ? You want to believe she 's coming back Of course Then you don 't want to know what I know I 'm sorry , Tom . I really am , but they used you The same way they used me - Hola ? - Hey , Diana It 's me , Marco Are you having a good time in Spain ? Yeah , hey , Marco ! Yeah , no , everything 's good Are you okay ? Yeah . Yeah , I 'm good Uh , something came up , though A couple days ago , some agents raided an apartment There was a lot of promicin there One of the guys they brought in gave up a whole bunch of names People they 'd given syringes to ? Okay , so what is it you want to tell me , Marco ? One of the names was April Skouris My sister took the shots ? The guy didn 't know if she actually injected them , but she definitely had them Have you heard from her ? No , I haven 't heard from her in months She didn 't call me on my birthday , but I ... figured , April , you know ? Yeah , I remember Look , I 'm sorry , Di I just ... You know , I thought you should know I appreciate it Thanks Bye You 're going back to Seattle , aren 't you ? That used to be a statue of our namesake Last night , a dozen students tore it down and put that thing up When we asked them why , they said it was a statue of Graham Holt Who 's Graham Holt ? He 's a junior C student . Basically unremarkable in every way So this kid pulls a prank , and you call NTAC ? I called NTAC because I think maybe this kid took some of those shots I mean , what 's going on around here isn 't normal The posters , the statue Last night , our valedictorian revised her application essay to Stanford She read it to her guidance counselor this morning It 's 500 words on how Graham Holt is the most important spiritual leader since the time of Christ I called him into my office earlier this morning He claims to have no idea about what 's going on I think we need to meet this Graham Holt From now on , everyone 's favorite band is TV on the Radio Got that ? TV on the Radio They 're the best band out there Excuse me . Graham ? These gentlemen 'd like to have a word with you I 'm agent Baldwin this is agent Garrity We work at NTAC We 're gonna have to ask you to come with us We 're gonna bring you in to NTAC and give you a test to see if you 're promicin positive - Why ? - Look around you , Graham I think you know why Do I have a choice ? You have a choice whether or not you do it in handcuffs If you haven 't taken the shot , you don 't have anything to worry about . Come on You 're sitting in my spot I didn 't realize these benches were assigned Well , they are Literally I 'm in my first year at the institute Art and design ? I 'm supposed to do a charcoal sketch of a view from the park every day for seven days You 're in my spot Okay . I 'll move - I 'll move - Thanks , Kyle I appreciate that How do you know my name ? Honestly ? I recognized you as soon as I walked up I read a lot about the 4400 Which means I read a lot about you I guess you know all about me and Jordan Collier ? Yeah , I do Kind of hard to avoid You know it wasn 't me who shot him right ? Not really me I didn 't really believe it was you You didn 't look like a killer to me I guess that 's a kind of compliment Thank you I have to get back to work , but good luck with your assignment Cassie ... Dunleavy Maybe I 'll see you around I 'll be here for the next seven days Seems to me there 's a very simple explanation for what 's going on at Stevenson High This kid , Graham , took the promicin shot , and now everyone who meets him thinks he 's god Come on , come on . I 've heard you tend to move directly to the point , Marco , but really , god ? Well , obviously , he 's not the god At best , he 's a god , a minor deity Whatever . These kids are building effigies of him They 're willing to fight us to protect him Sounds like worship to me You are lucky you weren 't turned Seems like you only need a couple minutes around Graham before you find religion Maybe they 're unlucky Absolute devotion is a rarity in the modern age It might bring a real sense of purpose to life - A clarity - Guys , what do we do with this kid ? We go back with more people . We isolate him - Hope the effects wear off - But I 'd do it fast Sounds like Graham 's pretty much focused on being king of the school Imagine what happens if he learns to think a little more ambitiously What the hell is that ? Are you here to give yourselves body and soul to Graham Holt ? Not exactly Then I suggest you leave These streets are his We 'll defend them with our lives Just take your men around that way This is me , Graham - What do you want ? - I want you to end this , Graham If you don 't come out , these people are gonna get hurt - That what you want ? - No , of course not These people are just trying to protect me You 're forcing them to be here You 've taken away their free will - Their lives are in your hands - I understand I don 't want anything bad to happen to them either , but you just need to give me some time Like , a night to figure this out Okay ? One night I just bought us some time We 've got planning to do Try not to look so gloomy , okay ? And who knows ? She might not even be able to get into Seattle She 'd be right back here in a couple hours She 's never coming back here She said she is , Maia , and I really need to believe that So , Kyle , tell me , you ever go visit your cousin , Shawn ? Hasn 't been much in the paper about him lately - Is he getting any better ? - No , he 's not Which is weird cause the doctors say there 's no reason why he shouldn 't be awake His brain 's active , his vital signs are okay That 's so sad He seemed like a really good guy Everyone 's just given up Settling in for the long haul Didn 't I read something about the promicin in his system ? The doctors think it 's all out of whack ? That 's right . They think that 's why he ... His body shut down but I don 't think that made it into the papers Well , it must have How else would I know about it ? Okay , I know I 'm not a doctor , but maybe someone should try injecting him with a big old dose of promicin It 'd be like giving him a jump start , right ? Shawn 's a 4400 - Probably wouldn 't hurt him - I 've thought about that The doctors won 't even consider it Promicin is seriously illegal Too bad you can 't get your hands on any You might be the only person in his life who cares enough to actually take a shot at waking him up They 've just been standing here staring at us for hours Don 't they ever have to use the bathroom ? Head 's up Don 't shoot ! My name 's Graham Holt I want to surrender It 's about time Hands up . Keep your hands up All right , on your knees Easy ... It 's not him ! It 's not Holt ! Don 't shoot ! My name 's Graham Holt On your knees ! Now ! On your knees ! Don 't shoot ! I 'm Graham Holt ... Don 't fight me Join me Hey , everyone. my name 's Graham Holt I just wanted to say , you have nothing to be afraid of Believing in me doesn 't make you a different person You 'll still love your family You 'll still wake up in the morning and go do whatever it is you do You 'll just have more purpose , and everyone will believe exactly what you do , and you 'll believe what they do It 's all going to be very cool - I promise - She 's gone She must have left in the middle of the night Did you hear me ? She 's gone What are you doing ? We have to find her before someone picks her up You 'll have to go without me What do you mean , " go without you " ? This is Tess . You owe her I did not give out promicin to the world to have it unite under a 16-year-old boy He has to be stopped It 's all going to be very cool , I promise I see You 're having messiah envy How are you going to stop him , Jordan ? Anybody who gets near that kid winds up praying to him What makes you any different ? And even if you could get close to him , what do you expect to happen ? A miracle ? I guess I need one , don 't I ? ... you 'll just have more purpose , and everyone will believe exactly what you do , and you 'll believe what they do It 's all going to be very cool , I promise Are you guys nuts ? I 'm an NTAC agent ! We 're on the same side ! Hey , come on , come on ! Guys , guys ... They 're arresting everybody at NTAC What are you talking about ? Why ? Our orders are to bring you all downtown , sir Graham wants to bring NTAC into the fold Fine . Fine . Sounds good What choice do we have , huh ? - Are you okay ? - Yeah Graham converted a couple of police stations The cops are arresting people , bringing them to him by the hundreds I 'm the king of Seattle ! Why aren 't you picking up the phone ? I told you it 's dangerous outside right now Now , call me back Still no word from your son ? - No . What did D.C. say ? - Nothing good They 're already talking acceptable losses , air strikes , sending an army division into the city They 're gonna invade an american city ? Sounds a lot like civil war to me I know . Best I could do was buy us a couple hours - To do what ? - We have to gather everyone from NTAC that hasn 't been converted , make our way downtown , fight our way downtown if we have to We 'll try to get close to Graham We 'll see if we can get to him before he gets to us Oh , my god . Shawn ! What happened ? I don 't know . He was just lying there and he started convulsing Oh , my god ... Hey , come on Hey , Shawn . Hey ... Hey , it 's us It 's Kyle Say something if you 're okay Come on Mom ? How did I get here ? Mr. Collier ... You did the right thing coming to me It would 've been a shame if I had to track you down Seems the world is falling at your feet I wanted to see why Don 't worry Soon , it 's all going to make perfect sense to you I gave you promicin I can take it away What did you do to me ? I made you ordinary Shoot him ! Shoot him now ! The world doesn 't need you anymore It has me Get on with your lives Graham shouldn 't have converted so many cops One of his former followers arrested him right there , on the steps of the courthouse And there 's no trace of promicin in his system ? Nothing ? No , he 's just a high school kid with a lot to answer for I guess we can all stop wondering if Collier has an ability He can neutralize promicin I don 't get it Shawn never said anything about Collier doing that to one of the original 4400 Maybe it doesn 't work on them Maybe he can only do it to the extra crispies Extra crispies , you know , like , not the original recipe 4400 ? People who took the promicin shot and then got an ability So Collier ... walked into what was essentially an occupied Seattle , laid hands on this kid , and solved a problem that had the entire U.S government in a panic If I was sitting at home watching this story on the 6 : 00 news , you want to know what I 'd be thinking ? People were praying to the wrong guy Collier just posted a message on the Internet We all had a scare today We 'll have others before we 're done We ... We 're walking a difficult and a dangerous path , but we 're walking it together Whether you 've chosen to join me or not , we 're all , every one of us , making history now I got a call from the warden at Kurland prison There 's a message for you from Isabelle Tyler That 's it ? The Powell museum ? She said your answer 's there , and you 'll know it when you see it The time for sitting on the fence is over The time for greatness is now Each of you has a role to play Your only choice is whether you accept it or have it thrust upon you Promicin is out there People are gaining abilities , and nothing can be done about that ... I 'm sorry , sir . There 's no student named Cassie Dunleavy - registered at this school ... - She said she 's a student here I really need to talk to her Can 't find in the phonebook can 't find her anywhere Maybe she didn 't give you her real name Have you thought of that ? The genie will not go back into the bottle I know it 's tempting ... to think that we can hold on to the past , to everything that 's safe and easy , but we cannot , and safe and easy , are what set us on the path to catastrophe in the first place The chains of comfort ... are what keep us from reaching for a better world This new era , it 's not coming , it 's not on the way , it 's here , and we are now separated from our old lives by a gulf that can never again be bridged So all of you , out there , need to ask yourself one thing , are you ready ?
