 4400 were taken 4400 were returned Each has a unique ability One among them has a message Anyone can become extraordinary The risk is great But so are the rewards And now there 's no turning back The world will have to deal with us . previously on the 4400 ... Say hello to the new head of NTAC . Meghan Doyle . hi . The news isn 't good - your father 's had a relapse , And I think it 's time we start preparing ourselves for the inevitable . Who 's Cassie ? I 'm not what you 'd call real . I 'm Kyle 's ability . A messiah who rises from the dead , Who passes on a sacred elixir ? The healer who lays his hands upon the sick ? And don 't forget about the shaman . The shaman is you , Kyle . Heather Tobey ... I teach at the school here now . I finally found a place where they won 't run me out on the rails for being a 4400 . Whatever you were given to take away your abilities , It induced a permanent allergy to promicin . You will never get your abilities back , Miss Tyler . Does that mean I 'm getting out of here ? one of the names was April Skouris . My sister took the shot ? You 're going back to seattle . I was , uh , thinking about asking for temporary reinstatement . She 's never coming back here . This is my sister . I 'll do whatever it takes . at first , my story may sound familiar . it 's all about a life lived on the surface , careless youth that believes it will last forever ... - Ah ... - I 'll get that . You must have broken a lot of hearts back then , ms. parker . St. Tropez . August , 1955 . Ah , the owner of that yacht proposed to me , you know . I turned him down . You turned them all down . Are you ready for your morphine shot ? Okay , your dinner 's in the fridge , And I prepared another dose of morphine if the pain in your hands gets bad again . Mom ? you said we 'd be here for 15 minutes . I 'm late for my shift . I 'll be done in a minute , Lucas . You wanted me to take this job , So if they fire me , it 's on you . Can I get you anything else ? - Would you mind ? - Oh , of course not . in the end , all I was left with were frivolous memories and no one to share them with . There you go . So beautiful . life had become nothing but a tedious string of pointless days until I decided to do something about it . I took that shot - promicin - and it changed everything - my soul , my consciousness , whatever you 'd like to call it , can leave my body . I can leave my body , and I can be young again . you can 't see me , or hear me , but I 'm there . in the blink of an eye , I can go wherever I want , see anything , or anybody , Like a young woman about to realize how gifted she really is . There you are . Vanessa , you 've got to get out there . Everyone wants to meet the artist . What if they hate it ? What if they hate me ? You 're kidding , right ? You 've already sold five paintings . You 're a hit . Come on . Ladies and gentlemen , Vanessa Martin ! this ability of mine has truly changed my life for the better . I feel more free , and more connected to the world around me , to other people . I get to be a fly on the wall , and I get to see the side of people that they try to hide from the world . Yes , I am Vanessa 's agent . I don 't mean to take credit . I mean , she 's the artist , but ... I really helped her get out there . Maybe I could help you . I , uh ... would love to see your work , Especially the nudes . I thought my story was going to end with me withering into bitter regret and desperation . instead , life has handed me another chance , and I intend to make the most of it . taking the shot has given me a new will to live , a gift that allows me to do and feel things that no one else on earth has experienced before . yet all you hear is the government saying how bad promicin is ... " how no one should take the shot . " if you 're reading this , you should know , " it hasn 't been bad for me . " for me , it changed everything . Maybe it could for you , too . " That 's the last entry . Whoever 's writing this posts the blog anonymously . We take it down , it goes up someplace else . I have to admit , it 's well written . If I were on the fence , and I read this , I might take the shot . That 's exactly why this journal is making people in D.C. nervous . The author doesn 't sound like a radical . She sounds like ... somebody 's aunt . Yeah , and if your aunt 's willing to take a chance on getting an ability , Why shouldn 't you ? Assuming the woman is telling the truth about what she can do , I mean , okay , it might be irresponsible that she 's writing about it , But it 's not a threat . Isn 't that what we do here ? we track down threats ? We 're not the thought police . Taking promicin is illegal - not to mention potentially fatal . If that blog inspires 20 people to take promicin , 10 of them are going to die . Don 't forget about the ones who survive . Do you really think they 'll all be lovely people , too ? Do you think their abilities will be as benign as hers ? This woman has to be stopped , And we can find out exactly what her intentions were , Just as soon as you find her . - Bring her in . - I 'll go put on the riot gear . Tom ... Get the tear gas . The 4400 s4e3 Capture : xxy ¡ ¢ lanmao ¡ ¢ QQ Sync : FRM @ ÐÂ ´ º Ah , the public library . a hotbed for treasonous activity . Be careful what you say , Tom . they 're all not in on it ? Excuse me . I 'm Tom Baldwin . this is my partner , Diana Skouris . We 're from NTAC . NTAC ? well , how can I help you ? Someone 's been uploading sensitive material to the internet From an IP address inside this library . The branch manager told us that you were the volunteer docent In charge of the computers here ? Well , that 's right . Well , the post we 're interested in went up around 11 : 15 yesterday . Is there some way we could track down who was using the computers at that time ? Do you have a warrant of some kind , Or did you just bring your badge ? No warrant. yet . Um , we were hoping you 'd want to cooperate . This is part of an important investigation , Miss , uh ... Parker . And if I didn 't think it would make trouble for this library , I wouldn 't give you anything at all . Whatever happened to people 's right to privacy ? Well , I appreciate how you feel , ms. parker , But we 're just trying to keep people safe . - That 's all . - There . Names , log-in times , member i.d. numbers . Happy hunting . Thank you . thank you . " the man who trades freedom for security " does not deserve nor will he receive either . " That 's Benjamin Franklin . Well , at least you 're an educated tyrant . Thanks again . James is doing very well so far . If he sticks with the program for the whole 10 weeks , I 'm sure his concentration will improve . Heather ... Shawn Farrell ... There 's not much to tell . After the 4400 center shut down , The only work I could get was volunteering at the child development clinic here . It 's okay . Fills the days . But if I use my ability , if I draw out whatever talent these kids have , I go to jail . it 's crazy . I know . Jordan put the shot out there , and now we 're all a threat . Ever since I woke up in the hospital , i 've been thinking , you know , " what are the 4400s supposed to do now , Join the revolution ? " It 's that , or we just pretend we 're no different than the rest of the world . The times we live in , I guess . No , see , I can 't accept that . I 've been thinking of starting my healing foundation again . Maybe even reopening the center . I 'd be putting my own money up To get things started . Someone has to show people that we can ... We can do good . That we are good . Heather ... I can heal people , and you make kids better . You give them a talent . you change their lives . There 's nothing wrong with any of it . If you try to become a public figure again , The government is going to come down on you . - Maybe - They 'll have to . Maybe . I was just ... I was hoping I wouldn 't be doing it alone . Hi , Kyle . Sorry , didn 't mean to startle you . What are you doing here ? What are you ? Look , I know you 're not real , but are you part of my thoughts ? Just think of me as your guide , And right now , I need you to go back to that house on Barclay court , - To the book . - Why ? I 've already read it . It said collier 's supposed to be god 's messenger . I 'm some kind of shaman. it 's nuts . You 've read the book , But you don 't believe it yet . To do that , you have to study it . Own it . Let me ask ... What if I don 't listen to you ? do you just keep showing up ? Kyle , you took that shot for a reason . You wanted something to happen . Well , I 'm what happened . I 'm your ability , and I 'm telling you , get that book . It 's going to change everything . Philip Delacroix ? I 've been hoping to speak to you . Do I know you ? No , but we 've both taken an interest in the same person . Vanessa Martin ? She 's a very talented artist , don 't you think ? Of course . " Delacroix ... " That 's a good choice for an agent 's name . It has a nice exotic ring to it . Do you think what Vanessa might find it interesting If I tell her that your real name is Philip Wilson ? That you pretended to be a real estate agent in arlington , texas , And talked old couples out of their retirement savings ? That you have an outstanding warrant for your arrest there , And in florida as well ? I think she 'd say you 're crazy . Vanessa trusts me . Oh , of course , she does , but that 's your game , isn 't it ? Now , what were you going to do , Convince her to let you handle her money , And then pull up stakes When you felt you 'd bled her dry ? Who are you ? I 'm someone who wants to protect Vanessa 's future . Oh , when I was her age , I was interested in art , too , But I didn 't have Vanessa 's gifts , So I intend to make sure that she has a chance to make the most of them . To do that , She has to be free of you . So you have a choice , Mr. Wilson . Leave Vanessa alone and drive away from seattle Forever , Or stay , And I 'll report you to the police . Hey , we interviewed everyone from that computer log today . We 're waiting for the results of their promicin tests , But I don 't think any of them ... Are the blogger . We 'll review the journals in the morning , see what shakes loose . Hey , uh ... Is everything all right ? Uh , yes , fine . Thanks for the update . Actually ... Everything 's not okay . I came home from graduate school for christmas one year . I knew right away there was something wrong with my dad . He had these ... tremors . Weird tics . He was diagnosed with huntington 's disease About a month later . I 'm sorry . that 's awful . Oh , it was more than a decade ago . His doctor just told me he has pneumonia again . Who knows if he 'll be able to fight it off ? I called D.C. this morning . I asked them if , maybe , If I could convince your nephew , Shawn , to see him , Maybe he could heal my father . Shawn 's a generous guy . I 'm sure he 'll do it . They said " no . " As the head of NTAC , I have to set an example . I can 't benefit personally from the application of a 4400 ability . My dad 's been dying for 10 years . There 's no cure for huntington 's . And then I met your nephew . If you want me to talk to Shawn , I will . Okay ? Thank you , But I don 't know if I can ask you to do that . I took this post because it seemed like the most important thing I could do . I knew there would be sacrifices , But I never thought my bosses would tell me That if I want to keep my job , I have to let my father die . Hi there . Oh , my god ... It 's great to see you . I 'm so glad to see you. shh ... Maia 's asleep in her room . Oh ... How did you get here ? Well , we hopped a flight . Maia wanted to stay up and say hi , But she was out cold by the time the cab dropped us off . I had no idea you were coming . Well , the lease in san Sebastien was up . Obviously , it 's going to take you a lot longer to find April than you thought , so ... I know , it 's been slow going . I mean , i 've been interviewing people , Making phone calls - no one has seen her . Well , I am not going to add any more pressure to you , But me and Maia missed you very much , so we figured , " surprise . " Oh , well ... It worked . I 'm surprised . Diana ... You have gotten involved with a very spontaneous guy . Reap the whirlwind . It 's great to see you . don 't get me wrong . I just ... I was kind of hoping That this was only going to be a short trip , And having you over there meant I had something to go back to . Well , you still do - We all do - As soon as you find your sister . Okay ? Now , in the meantime , we 're trying to be a family , right ? And families are not supposed to live on separate continents . - Right ? - Yeah . solitude can be every bit as exhilarating as companionship . of course , I had to find companionship before I figured that out . Listen to this. it 's from the blog . " all mankind is divided into three classes , " those who are immovable , those who are movable , That 's very poetic . the blogger 's a good writer . - We already know that . - Yeah , but that 's a quote . You know who wrote it ? Benjamin franklin . - The woman from the library . - The volunteer . She 's the one writing this . Good work . Looks like an overdose . Lividity hasn 't set in yet . I 'd say she died about an hour ago . We just got done looking at her computer . The techs found the entire journal saved in a file on her hard drive . Audrey parker was our blogger . One of the back windows was open , but there 's no sign of forced entry . Nothing missing as far as we can tell . Well , she had a prescription for morphine , So her arthritis must have gotten pretty bad . Her nurse usually injected her , But occasionally would leave behind extra shots for Audrey . The M.E. thinks it was an accidental overdose , That it happens with older people . they get confused , take the wrong dosage , Forget that they 've injected themselves . What do you think ? It might have been an accident , But , you know , she had taken promicin , She knew ntac was breathing down her neck . The thought of a prison sentence at her age and in her condition ? Maybe she figured she 'd rather just drift off to sleep . You think she committed suicide ? If she did , she did it because of NTAC . Because of us . No ... I didn 't kill myself . I - I didn 't kill myself . I didn 't kill myself ! Somebody did this to me . Hanna ... Hanna , you have to help me , please . Somebody did this to me ! Somebody did this to me ! You 're back for more , huh ? Yeah , I 'm doing my thesis on cults from the early 20th century . It 's due soon , so ... Just let me know when you 're done . And don 't forget to feed the kitty ? Oh , sure . thank you . What do you mean , you need to leave town ? Philip , we have an appointment with a buyer in an hour . You can handle it yourself , But I need to leave , now , And , uh , I need to borrow some cash . I 'll pay you back when I see you again . You 're scaring me. sweetie , calm down . Tell me what 's going on . Vanessa , something happened last night . I can 't tell you about it , but I promise you , I did it to protect us . Protect us from what ? what are you talking about ? I can 't tell you right now . I 'll call you in a couple days , but right now I just need that money . Can we please just go to the bank ? It was you . You did it . I threatened you and you killed me . You killed me ! That 's the M.E. ' s preliminary report on the death of Audrey parker . There 's no note . nothing in her journals that indicates She was considering suicide . He 's going to rule it an accidental death . Do you know she lived in france for three years in the 1950s ? Like , just pulled up all the stakes and moved there ? She met Samuel Beckett at a party . he complimented her on her dress . You admire her , don 't you ? Yeah , in a way , because she just lived her life without compromise , And that was no easy thing for a woman of her generation , And to be honest , it 's really no easy thing now . I gave up my career to move to spain for my daughter . I gave up spain to come back here to look for my sister , And right now my entire life just feels like a bunch of compromises all just strung together . Anyway , no , no , i ... I 'm not going to demonize Audrey parker because she took a promicin shot . Diana , I 'm not saying you should . But as far as what happened to her , why she died , That 's for the seattle police to figure out . Our involvement in this ended as soon as we learned she was behind the blog . No ... You can 't just file me away . I didn 't kill myself ! I was murdered ! What the hell was that ? A power surge ? I don 't know , but that 's the second time today . the radios freaked out at Audrey 's house . Huh ... Good morning . Thank you all for coming . Four months ago , the U.S. government shut this building down , Along with many other buildings like it across the country . In two days , I 'm going to be reopening its doors . I will be starting up my healing foundation again , And I plan on using this building as its base of operations . I would like to remind everyone out there That the 4400 aren 't all revolutionaries . We are not at war with society . We want to help it . We can help , and will not be forced into silence By the government 's so-called war on promicin . As a show of good faith to the world at large , I will heal anyone who is present on our first day open . The 4400 have been silent for a long time . Too long . We look forward to meeting the world again . It 's currently illegal to use a 4400 ability Without special dispensation from the government . Have you made arrangements with them ? There are no arrangements to be made . The people who run the country aren 't in a very ... Accommodating mood right now . So you haven 't discussed your plans with them ? Not exactly , But I 'm sure they will be in touch . Why are we going to the funeral of a woman That you 've only met once ? I think someone has to pay her some respect . Okay , but ... I don 't know , I 'm just trying to make sense of this To see what this has to do with tracking down April . What ? What ? Diana , that 's why you came back here , right ? I mean , that 's why we had to leave spain . Yes , and while I 'm looking for her , I have to work cases. that 's the deal , And I just feel badly for her , you know ? She died alone . She might have committed suicide . What is going on ? everywhere I go today , I just keep hearing that static. at work , In the car on the way home . Yeah , that 's kind of weird . You , um , you left me a voice message On my cell phone today , right ? Oh , yeah . I couldn 't hear a thing . It was all staticky and garbled . That cell phone message I left you ... Mm-hmm ? Did you save it ? I just want to say , this is really weird . I ran that cell phone message you brought me Through about six different audio filters . There was nothing there , just static . Well , why would you expect anything different ? I mean , come on , guys , what are we even doing here ? Hey , I thought it was a little crazy , too . But then I tried dropping everything out . I tried listening to the message in what , theoretically , Should have been total silence . This is what I found . murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! We think Audrey parker 's ability was ... Well , I guess you 'd have to call it " astral projection . " She could send her consciousness out of her body . That 's a kind of broadcast , right ? She 's sending a signal . It 's a real thing . I mean , it could disrupt electrical fields . So if she died while she was using her ability , then - Then her body 's gone , But the signal is still out there . So Audrey 's mind , or soul , or whatever you want to call it , Has been following me around , And that recording has caught a fragment Of what she 's trying to say ? Exactly . It obviously thinks it was murdered . " she , " Brady , " she - " All right , just hold up a second , okay ? That-that tape gave me chills , too , But it 's not necessarily proof of anything . Audrey wrote everything down . Let 's just go back over the journals one last time . If there 's anything in there , anyone who seems suspicious , We 'll just track it down . Vanessa Martin ? Excuse me . Hi . I 'm Tom Baldwin . this is my partner , Diana Skouris . We 're from NTAC . Hi. we 're looking for Philip Delacroix . Why is NTAC looking for philip ? We 've been reviewing the journals Of a possible murder victim named Audrey Parker . There were repeated references to you and your agent . I 'm sorry , I don 't know anyone named Audrey Parker . Philip Delacroix is not who he claims to be . His real name is Philip Wilson , And there are warrants out in several states for his arrest . Philip ? Do you know where Philip went ? We 've already been by his apartment , and it 's cleared out . Um ... He came to see me yesterday , Said he was leaving town . He needed money . You don 't think he had anything to do with that woman 's death , do you ? We 'll let you know . Thank you . Looks like Audrey confronted the wrong guy . Let 's put out an apb on Philip Wilson , And all his known aliases . Yeah , go back to the office , put it on the wire , And call me if anything pops , okay ? i 've got to be somewhere . Okay . Oh , I have to say that i expected a visit from you guys , But I didn 't think that they 'd send the head of NTAC . I wanted to do this in person . I had to emphasize the seriousness of the government 's position . You know , you guys are sure happy to call me When you need me to bail you out of a jam , But the moment I want to go public , You break out the fire hose ? I 'm just healing some people . There 's nothing to be afraid of . It 's not a political statement . Not a radical act . I 'm afraid you 're misreading the climate. as far as D.C. is concerned , Any unsanctioned use of a 4400 ability is a radical act . I 'm not misreading the climate . I 'm trying to change it . There 's too much fear out there right now . I think I can help . I have to ask you , You keep talking about the government 's position , But how do you feel about what I 'm doing ? No one 's questioning your motives , Mr. Farrell . Personally , I think you 've done some amazing things - But it doesn 't matter , really , what we believe . If you go through with this , it won 't be us stopping you . They 're talking about sending riot squads down . There won 't be anything I can do , Shawn . They will arrest you . Well , I guess we 'll find out tomorrow . It 's going to be interesting . Come on . I told you , I was trying to take advantage of Vanessa . All those arrest warrants , that 's me . I did those . I 'm admitting that to you , but I never murdered anyone . Then why did you run ? Why were you trying to cross the border into Canada ? That woman knew who I was . How did I know she wasn 't going to expose me to the police No matter what I did ? I didn 't even know her name until you told me . I swear , I didn 't kill Audrey Parker . - What was that ? - Maybe it 's broken . Maybe it just doesn 't believe your story . Diana ... He 's telling the truth . he didn 't do it . The M.E. says that Audrey died between 7 : 00 and 8 : 00 in the morning . I just checked out Philip 's alibi. it holds . He was at a coffee shop that whole time . He met a woman for breakfast . she was another mark . He had her on the line for a phony real estate deal . He was with her for two hours trying to get money out of her . Well , maybe she 's lying . If she knows him , she might be covering for him . The sales clerk at the coffee shop Confirms it , too , so does the manager . Diana , we 'll ... We 'll hand him over to seattle p.d. , Have him arrested on the outstanding warrants . But ... If Audrey Parker was murdered , Philip Wilson didn 't do it . Come on . No ... no , he 's lying . he has to be . What 's happening to me ? There 's nothing there . I 've listened again and again.it 's just static . I know that Audrey was following me around all last night . My cell phone , answering machine , television , just breaking up constantly . I mean , she 's trying to tell me something . She probably is , but it 's like I told you , Whatever 's left of Audrey is energy , You know , a kind of signal , and signals fade . You think she 's getting weaker ? each time she talks to you , It costs her a little of whatever energy she has left . If she stays silent , she 'll be around longer . Maybe she could muster enough to communicate with you one more time , But it might be the last thing she ever does . She could disappear forever . All right , we 'll just go back into her journals . We 'll interview everyone in them - Diana , stop . Look , I know you respect Audrey Parker , And to tell you the truth , After reading about her yesterday , I do , too . Yeah , she took promicin , but look what she did for Vanessa Martin . She was trying to help people . But we 've done what we agreed to do . We looked through the journals , And we still can 't be sure she was murdered , And even if she was , it still wouldn 't be our case . Now , I 'm sorry . It 's time to let this go . I 'm sorry , Audrey . So is it starting to make sense yet ? No , not really . I mean , yeah , the guy they talk about could be Jordan Collier . Some of the details do match up . Or it could be a coincidence . I mean , they left it vague enough That anyone could read into this whatever they want to . Well , you can 't just dismiss it . That book is a blueprint for how Collier 's going to succeed . Oh , yeah ? Jordan Collier needs the handbook of a cult That hasn 't even had a living member in 80 years ? He does . And he needs you . For what ? to tell him some crazy guy predicted He was going to be god 's messenger ? To guide him . to be his shaman . You keep saying that . how can I guide him ? I don 't know anything . Well , that 's what you 've got me for , Kyle . Everything in that book is going to come true . Collier will lead the human race to salvation . You will help him . You don 't believe me yet . It 's okay . I 'll show you . I 'm going to be at the intersection of forbes and shady tonight Around 2 : 00 a.m. I hope you 'll show . That 's where it 's all beginning . If you 're not there , you 'll never see me again , But if you come , you 'll see it all begin , And I promise , You will believe . Are you sure you want to do this ? I 'm probably going to get into a lot of trouble . Doesn 't mean you have to join in on the fun . Nothing changes on its own , right ? And besides , you said you didn 't want to be alone . I left you money , hanna . My house , too . almost everything I have . You 'll find out in a couple of days . You were always so kind to me . Lucas , lunch is ready ! Come on , you 've got to eat before work ! Lucas ! Yeah , I 'll be down in a minute . hold on ! You need to be kind to your mother , Lucas . She loves you , And she 's trying to raise you all on her own . No , I already told you , I don 't know how many carats it is . Well , I 'm sure it 's worth a couple grand at least . My necklace ... That 's my necklace . Well , seriously , how soon can you meet me ? I screwed up really bad . That 's my necklace. it was you . Well , I need to get rid of this thing . You killed me . This building stays closed . those are my orders . All right , not a problem . I can do my work right here . Excuse me . Hi . What 's your name ? Kathy . I have cerebral palsy . Step away , Mr. Farrell . Well , I think that there 's something we can do about that . You 're in our custody now . Right , go home now ! this is all over ! Please ! You 've got to let him go . he 's not doing anything wrong . Step aside . Look , we don 't want to hurt anyone , But this is an illegal assembly ! Stop ! stop ... step aside . I 'm from NTAC . Can 't you see these people aren 't going to let you just walk him out of here ? Now , look around you . there are sick people here . They 're the mainstream . they 're who we 're trying to protect . Listen to me ! Tell your men to stand down . Sir , the situation 's out of control . I 've got ntac telling me to back off . Yes , sir . I understand . Let him go ! Everyone ... If I could just have a little space ? Now ... where were we ? I guess I haven 't really thought much about Why i 've let Audrey under my skin. i ... Come here . I guess I just - i identify with her , you know ? If I had made different choices , or chosen a different path , I could the one who 's dying alone . Maybe , But you didn 't , And you won 't . No , no , no , come on . Let it ring . leave a message and we 'll get back to you as soon as we can . That 's her . That 's Audrey . I didn 't mean for her to die . I swear I didn 't . I just wanted her stuff . I gave her the morphine shot so that she would stay asleep While I looked through her house . I 've seen my mom inject her so many times , I figured it would be okay . It was an accident . You 'll take that into account , won 't you ? swear to god , it was an accident ! Not exactly a master criminal . No , but if Audrey hadn 't ¡ have left his name on my answering machine , Who knows if we would have found him ? She was a brave lady . She must have known that communicating again Would use up whatever time she had left . I haven 't heard any static since last night . I guess she went out the way she lived , With style . You think that this is how you feel after a marathon ? I wouldn 't know . But you 'd better get a good night 's sleep . We 're not even halfway through the list of people who showed up . Hey , Shawn . Hey , Uncle Tommy ... I 'm sure you 're tired , So I hate to even ask , but ... Are you up for one more ? Yeah , sure. yeah . Yeah . Hey ... His name 's donald . He 's my father . I 'd be grateful if you could help him . Hello , donald . Let 's go into my office , okay ? The head of NTAC benefiting personally from a 4400 ability ? You sure you 're up for the fallout ? They let this place stay open . They blinked . Let them fire me . This is Audrey 's favorite song . She mentioned it a couple times in her journals . Makes sense . I think this song was written back in the ' 30s . Oh , my god . It 's her . She 's still here . Where 's that little tape recorder we 've got to get this . No , we don 't need to record this . I already know what she 's saying . She 's saying goodbye . It 's so beautiful . I 'm ready . You can stop . This is the spot . I 'm glad you showed . Yeah , me too . A great view of nothing . It 's all about to happen . What do you mean ? what 's ... what 's going to happen ? Take this turn , baby ! Let 's go , let 's go , come on !
