 4400 were taken 4400 were returned each has a unique ability one among them has a message anyone can become extraordinary the risk is great but so are the rewards and now there 's no truning back the world will have to deal with us . previously on the 4400 ... say hello to the new head of ntac . meghan doyle . hi . the news isn 't good- - your father 's had a relapse , and i think it 's time we start preparing ourselves for the inevitable . who 's cassie ? i 'm not what you 'd call real . i 'm kyle 's ability . a messiah who rises from the dead , who passes on a sacred elixir ? the healer who lays his hands upon the sick ? and don 't forget about the shaman . the shaman is you , kyle . heather tobey ... i teach at the school here now . i finally found a place where they won 't run me out on the rails for being a 4400 . whatever you were given to take away your abilities , it induced a permanent allergy to promicin . you will never get your abilities back , miss tyler . does that mean i 'm getting out of here ? one of the names was april skouris . my sister took the shot ? you 're going back to seattle . i was , uh , thinking about asking for temporary reinstatement . she 's never coming back here . this is my sister . i 'll do whatever it takes . at first , my story may sound familiar . it 's all about a life lived on the surface , careless youth that believes it will last forever ... - ah ... - i 'll get that . you must have broken a lot of hearts back then , ms. parker . st. tropez . august , 1955 . ah , the owner of that yacht proposed to me , you know . i turned him down . you turned them all down . are you ready for your morphine shot ? okay , your dinner 's in the fridge , and i prepared another dose of morphine if the pain in your hands gets bad again . mom ? you said we 'd be here for 15 minutes . i 'm late for my shift . i 'll be done in a minute , lucas . you wanted me to take this job , so if they fire me , it 's on you . can i get you anything else ? - would you mind ? - oh , of course not . in the end , all i was left with were frivolous memories and no one to share them with . there you go . so beautiful . life had become nothing but a tedious string of pointless days until i decided to do something about it . i took that shot- - promicin- - and it changed everything- - my soul , my consciousness , whatever you 'd like to call it , can leave my body . i can leave my body , and i can be young again . you can 't see me , or hear me , but i 'm there . in the blink of an eye , i can go wherever i want , see anything , or anybody , like a young woman about to realize how gifted she really is . there you are . vanessa , you 've got to get out there . everyone wants to meet the artist . what if they hate it ? what if they hate me ? you 're kidding , right ? you 've already sold five paintings . you 're a hit . come on . ladies and gentlemen , vanessa martin ! this ability of mine has truly changed my life for the better . i feel more free , and more connected to the world around me , to other people . i get to be a fly on the wall , and i get to see the side of people that they try to hide from the world . yes , i am vanessa 's agent . i don 't mean to take credit . i mean , she 's the artist , but ... i really helped her get out there . maybe i could help you . i , uh ... would love to see your work , especially the nudes . i thought my story was going to end with me withering into bitter regret and desperation . instead , life has handed me another chance , and i intend to make the most of it . taking the shot has given me a new will to live , a gift that allows me to do and feel things that no one else on earth has experienced before . yet all you hear is the government saying how bad promicin is ... " how no one should take the shot . " if you 're reading this , you should know , " it hasn 't been bad for me . " for me , it changed everything . maybe it could for you , too . " that 's the last entry . whoever 's writing this posts the blog anonymously . we take it down , it goes up someplace else . i have to admit , it 's well written . if i were on the fence , and i read this , i might take the shot . that 's exactly why this journal is making people in d.c. nervous . the author doesn 't sound like a radical . she sounds like ... somebody 's aunt . yeah , and if your aunt 's willing to take a chance on getting an ability , why shouldn 't you ? assuming the woman is telling the truth about what she can do , i mean , okay , it might be irresponsible that she 's writing about it , but it 's not a threat . isn 't that what we do here ? we track down threats ? we 're not the thought police . taking promicin is illegal- - not to mention potentially fatal . if that blog inspires 20 people to take promicin , 10 of them are going to die . don 't forget about the ones who survive . do you really think they 'll all be lovely people , too ? do you think their abilities will be as benign as hers ? this woman has to be stopped , and we can find out exactly what her intentions were , just as soon as you find her . - bring her in . - i 'll go put on the riot gear. tom ... get the tear gas . The 4400 Season 4 Episode 3 Capture : xxy ¡ ¢ lanmao ¡ ¢ QQ Sync : FRM @ ÐÂ ´ º ah , the public library . a hotbed for treasonous activity . be careful what you say , tom . they 're all not in on it ? excuse me. i 'm tom baldwin . this is my partner , diana skouris . we 're from ntac . ntac ? well , how can i help you ? someone 's been uploading sensitive material to the internet from an i.p. address inside this library . the branch manager told us that you were the volunteer docent in charge of the computers here ? well , that 's right . well , the post we 're interested in went up around 11 : 15 yesterday . is there some way we could track down who was using the computers at that time ? do you have a warrant of some kind , or did you just bring your badge ? no warrant. yet . um , we were hoping you 'd want to cooperate . this is part of an important investigation , miss , uh ... parker . and if i didn 't think it would make trouble for this library , i wouldn 't give you anything at all . whatever happened to people 's right to privacy ? well , i appreciate how you feel , ms. parker , but we 're just trying to keep people safe . - that 's all . - there . names , log-in times , member i.d. numbers . happy hunting . thank you . thank you . " the man who trades freedom for security " does not deserve nor will he receive either . " that 's benjamin franklin . well , at least you 're an educated tyrant . thanks again . james is doing very well so far . if he sticks with the program for the whole 10 weeks , i 'm sure his concentration will improve . heather ... shawn farrell ... there 's not much to tell . after the 4400 center shut down , the only work i could get was volunteering at the child development clinic here . it 's okay . fills the days . but if i use my ability , if i draw out whatever talent these kids have , i go to jail . it 's crazy . i know . jordan put the shot out there , and now we 're all a threat . ever since i woke up in the hospital , i 've been thinking , you know , " what are the 4400s supposed to do now , join the revolution ? " it 's that , or we just pretend we 're no different than the rest of the world . the times we live in , i guess . no , see , i can 't accept that . i 've been thinking of starting my healing foundation again . maybe even reopening the center . i 'd be putting my own money up to get things started . someone has to show people that we can ... we can do good . that we are good . heather ... i can heal people , and you make kids better . you give them a talent . you change their lives . there 's nothing wrong with any of it . if you try to become a public figure again , the government is going to come down on you . - maybe - they 'll have to . maybe . i was just ... i was hoping i wouldn 't be doing it alone . hi , kyle . sorry , didn 't mean to startle you . what are you doing here ? what are you ? look , i know you 're not real , but are you part of my thoughts ? just think of me as your guide , and right now , i need you to go back to that house on barclay court , - to the book . - why ? i 've already read it . it said collier 's supposed to be god 's messenger . i 'm some kind of shaman. it 's nuts . you 've read the book , but you don 't believe it yet . to do that , you have to study it . own it . let me ask ... what if i don 't listen to you ? do you just keep showing up ? kyle , you took that shot for a reason . you wanted something to happen . well , i 'm what happened . i 'm your ability , and i 'm telling you , get that book . it 's going to change everything . philip delacroix ? i 've been hoping to speak to you . do i know you ? no , but we 've both taken an interest in the same person . vanessa martin ? she 's a very talented artist , don 't you think ? of course . " delacroix ... " that 's a good choice for an agent 's name . it has a nice exotic ring to it . do you think what vanessa might find it interesting if i tell her that your real name is philip wilson ? that you pretended to be a real estate agent in arlington , texas , and talked old couples out of their retirement savings ? that you have an outstanding warrant for your arrest there , and in florida as well ? i think she 'd say you 're crazy . vanessa trusts me . oh , of course , she does , but that 's your game , isn 't it ? now , what were you going to do , convince her to let you handle her money , and then pull up stakes when you felt you 'd bled her dry ? who are you ? i 'm someone who wants to protect vanessa 's future . oh , when i was her age , i was interested in art , too , but i didn 't have vanessa 's gifts , so i intend to make sure that she has a chance to make the most of them . to do that , she has to be free of you . so you have a choice , mr. wilson . leave vanessa alone and drive away from seattle forever , or stay , and i 'll report you to the police . hey , we interviewed everyone from that computer log today . we 're waiting for the results of their promicin tests , but i don 't think any of them ... are the blogger . we 'll review the journals in the morning , see what shakes loose . hey , uh ... is everything all right ? uh , yes , fine . thanks for the update . actually ... everything 's not okay . i came home from graduate school for christmas one year . i knew right away there was something wrong with my dad . he had these ... tremors . weird tics . he was diagnosed with huntington 's disease about a month later . i 'm sorry . that 's awful . oh , it was more than a decade ago . his doctor just told me he has pneumonia again . who knows if he 'll be able to fight it off ? i called d.c. this morning . i asked them if , maybe , if i could convince your nephew , shawn , to see him , maybe he could heal my father . shawn 's a generous guy . i 'm sure he 'll do it . they said " no . " as the head of ntac , i have to set an example . i can 't benefit personally from the application of a 4400 ability . my dad 's been dying for 10 years . there 's no cure for huntington 's . and then i met your nephew . if you want me to talk to shawn , i will . okay ? thank you , but i don 't know if i can ask you to do that . i took this post because it seemed like the most important thing i could do . i knew there would be sacrifices , but i never thought my bosses would tell me that if i want to keep my job , i have to let my father die . hi there . oh , my god ... it 's great to see you . i 'm so glad to see you . shh ... maia 's asleep in her room . oh ... how did you get here ? well , we hopped a flight . maia wanted to stay up and say hi , but she was out cold by the time the cab dropped us off . i had no idea you were coming . well , the lease in san sebastien was up . obviously , it 's going to take you a lot longer to find april than you thought , so ... i know , it 's been slow going . i mean , i 've been interviewing people , making phone calls- - no one has seen her . well , i am not going to add any more pressure to you , but me and maia missed you very much , so we figured , " surprise . " oh , well ... it worked . i 'm surprised . diana ... you have gotten involved with a very spontaneous guy . reap the whirlwind . it 's great to see you . don 't get me wrong . i just ... i was kind of hoping that this was only going to be a short trip , and having you over there meant i had something to go back to . well , you still do- - we all do- - as soon as you find your sister . okay ? now , in the meantime , we 're trying to be a family , right ? and families are not supposed to live on separate continents . - right ? - yeah . solitude can be every bit as exhilarating as companionship . of course , i had to find companionship before i figured that out . listen to this. it 's from the blog . " all mankind is divided into three classes , " those who are immovable , those who are movable , and those who move . " that 's very poetic . the blogger 's a good writer . - we already know that . - yeah , but that 's a quote . you know who wrote it ? benjamin franklin . - the woman from the library . - the volunteer . she 's the one writing this . good work . looks like an overdose . lividity hasn 't set in yet . i 'd say she died about an hour ago . we just got done looking at her computer . the techs found the entire journal saved in a file on her hard drive . audrey parker was our blogger . one of the back windows was open , but there 's no sign of forced entry . nothing missing as far as we can tell . well , she had a prescription for morphine , so her arthritis must have gotten pretty bad . her nurse usually injected her , but occasionally would leave behind extra shots for audrey . the m.e. thinks it was an accidental overdose , that it happens with older people . they get confused , take the wrong dosage , forget that they 've injected themselves . what do you think ? it might have been an accident , but , you know , she had taken promicin , she knew ntac was breathing down her neck . the thought of a prison sentence at her age and in her condition ? maybe she figured she 'd rather just drift off to sleep . you think she committed suicide ? if she did , she did it because of ntac . because of us . no ... i didn 't kill myself . i-i didn 't kill myself . i didn 't kill myself ! somebody did this to me . hanna ... hanna , you have to help me , please . somebody did this to me ! somebody did this to me ! you 're back for more , huh ? yeah , i 'm doing my thesis on cults from the early 20th century . it 's due soon , so ... just let me know when you 're done . and don 't forget to feed the kitty ? oh , sure . thank you . what do you mean , you need to leave town ? philip , we have an appointment with a buyer in an hour . you can handle it yourself , but i need to leave , now , and , uh , i need to borrow some cash . i 'll pay you back when i see you again . you 're scaring me. sweetie , calm down . tell me what 's going on . vanessa , something happened last night . i can 't tell you about it , but i promise you , i did it to protect us . protect us from what ? what are you talking about ? i can 't tell you right now . i 'll call you in a couple days , but right now i just need that money . can we please just go to the bank ? it was you . you did it . i threatened you and you killed me . you killed me ! that 's the m.e. ' s preliminary report on the death of audrey parker . there 's no note . nothing in her journals that indicates she was considering suicide . he 's going to rule it an accidental death . do you know she lived in france for three years in the 1950s ? like , just pulled up all the stakes and moved there ? she met samuel beckett at a party . he complimented her on her dress . you admire her , don 't you ? yeah , in a way , because she just lived her life without compromise , and that was no easy thing for a woman of her generation , and to be honest , it 's really no easy thing now . i gave up my career to move to spain for my daughter . i gave up spain to come back here to look for my sister , and right now my entire life just feels like a bunch of compromises all just strung together . anyway , no , no , i ... i 'm not going to demonize audrey parker because she took a promicin shot . diana , i 'm not saying you should . but as far as what happened to her , why she died , that 's for the seattle police to figure out . our involvement in this ended as soon as we learned she was behind the blog . no ... you can 't just file me away . i didn 't kill myself ! i was murdered ! what the hell was that ? a power surge ? i don 't know , but that 's the second time today . the radios freaked out at audrey 's house . huh ... good morning . thank you all for coming . four months ago , the u.s. government shut this building down , along with many other buildings like it across the country . in two days , i 'm going to be reopening its doors . i will be starting up my healing foundation again , and i plan on using this building as its base of operations . i would like to remind everyone out there that the 4400 aren 't all revolutionaries . we are not at war with society . we want to help it . we can help , and will not be forced into silence by the government 's so-called war on promicin . as a show of good faith to the world at large , i will heal anyone who is present on our first day open . the 4400 have been silent for a long time . too long . we look forward to meeting the world again . it 's currently illegal to use a 4400 ability without special dispensation from the government . have you made arrangements with them ? there are no arrangements to be made . the people who run the country aren 't in a very ... accommodating mood right now . so you haven 't discussed your plans with them ? not exactly , but i 'm sure they will be in touch . why are we going to the funeral of a woman that you 've only met once ? i think someone has to pay her some respect . okay , but ... i don 't know , i 'm just trying to make sense of this to see what this has to do with tracking down april . what ? what ? diana , that 's why you came back here , right ? i mean , that 's why we had to leave spain . yes , and while i 'm looking for her , i have to work cases. that 's the deal , and i just feel badly for her , you know ? she died alone . she might have committed suicide . what is going on ? everywhere i go today , i just keep hearing that static. at work , in the car on the way home . yeah , that 's kind of weird . you , um , you left me a voice message on my cell phone today , right ? oh , yeah . i couldn 't hear a thing . it was all staticky and garbled . that cell phone message i left you ... mm-hmm ? did you save it ? i just want to say , this is really weird . i ran that cell phone message you brought me through about six different audio filters . there was nothing there , just static . well , why would you expect anything different ? i mean , come on , guys , what are we even doing here ? hey , i thought it was a little crazy , too . but then i tried dropping everything out . i tried listening to the message in what , theoretically , should have been total silence . this is what i found . murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! murdered ! we think audrey parker 's ability was ... well , i guess you 'd have to call it " astral projection . " she could send her consciousness out of her body . that 's a kind of broadcast , right ? she 's sending a signal . it 's a real thing . i mean , it could disrupt electrical fields . so if she died while she was using her ability , then- - then her body 's gone , but the signal is still out there . so audrey 's mind , or soul , or whatever you want to call it , has been following me around , and that recording has caught a fragment of what she 's trying to say ? exactly. it obviously thinks it was murdered . " she , " brady , " she- - " all right , just hold up a second , okay ? that-that tape gave me chills , too , but it 's not necessarily proof of anything . audrey wrote everything down . let 's just go back over the journals one last time . if there 's anything in there , anyone who seems suspicious , we 'll just track it down . vanessa martin ? excuse me . hi. i 'm tom baldwin . this is my partner , diana skouris . we 're from ntac . hi. we 're looking for philip delacroix . why is ntac looking for philip ? we 've been reviewing the journals of a possible murder victim named audrey parker . there were repeated references to you and your agent . i 'm sorry , i don 't know anyone named audrey parker . philip delacroix is not who he claims to be . his real name is philip wilson , and there are warrants out in several states for his arrest . philip ? do you know where philip went ? we 've already been by his apartment , and it 's cleared out . um ... he came to see me yesterday , said he was leaving town . he needed money . you don 't think he had anything to do with that woman 's death , do you ? we 'll let you know . thank you . looks like audrey confronted the wrong guy . let 's put out an apb on philip wilson , and all his known aliases . yeah , go back to the office , put it on the wire , and call me if anything pops , okay ? i 've got to be somewhere . okay . oh , i have to say that i expected a visit from you guys , but i didn 't think that they 'd send the head of ntac . i wanted to do this in person . i had to emphasize the seriousness of the government 's position . you know , you guys are sure happy to call me when you need me to bail you out of a jam , but the moment i want to go public , you break out the fire hose ? i 'm just healing some people . there 's nothing to be afraid of . it 's not a political statement . not a radical act . i 'm afraid you 're misreading the climate . as far as d.c. is concerned , any unsanctioned use of a 4400 ability is a radical act . i 'm not misreading the climate . i 'm trying to change it . there 's too much fear out there right now . i think i can help . i have to ask you , you keep talking about the government 's position , but how do you feel about what i 'm doing ? no one 's questioning your motives , mr. farrell . personally , i think you 've done some amazing things- - but it doesn 't matter , really , what we believe . if you go through with this , it won 't be us stopping you . they 're talking about sending riot squads down . there won 't be anything i can do , shawn . they will arrest you . well , i guess we 'll find out tomorrow . it 's going to be interesting . come on . i told you , i was trying to take advantage of vanessa . all those arrest warrants , that 's me. i did those . i 'm admitting that to you , but i never murdered anyone . then why did you run ? why were you trying to cross the border into canada ? that woman knew who i was . how did i know she wasn 't going to expose me to the police no matter what i did ? i didn 't even know her name until you told me . i swear , i didn 't kill audrey parker . - what was that ? - maybe it 's broken . maybe it just doesn 't believe your story . diana ... he 's telling the truth . he didn 't do it . the m.e. says that audrey died between 7 : 00 and 8 : 00 in the morning . i just checked out philip 's alibi. it holds . he was at a coffee shop that whole time . he met a woman for breakfast . she was another mark . he had her on the line for a phony real estate deal . he was with her for two hours trying to get money out of her . well , maybe she 's lying . if she knows him , she might be covering for him . the sales clerk at the coffee shop confirms it , too , so does the manager . diana , we 'll ... we 'll hand him over to seattle p.d. , have him arrested on the outstanding warrants . but ... if audrey parker was murdered , philip wilson didn 't do it . come on . no ... no , he 's lying . he has to be . what 's happening to me ? ? there 's nothing there . i 've listened again and again.it 's just static . i know that audrey was following me around all last night . my cell phone , answering machine , television , just breaking up constantly . i mean , she 's trying to tell me something . she probably is , but it 's like i told you , whatever 's left of audrey is energy , you know , a kind of signal , and signals fade . you think she 's getting weaker ? each time she talks to you , it costs her a little of whatever energy she has left . if she stays silent , she 'll be around longer . maybe she could muster enough to communicate with youone more time , but it might be the last thing she ever does . she could disappear forever . all right , we 'll just go back into her journals . we 'll interview everyone in them- - diana , stop . look , i know you respect audrey parker , and to tell you the truth , after reading about her yesterday , i do , too . yeah , she took promicin , but look what she did for vanessa martin . she was trying to help people . but we 've done what we agreed to do . we looked through the journals , and we still can 't be sure she was murdered , and even if she was , it still wouldn 't be our case . now , i 'm sorry . it 's time to let this go . i 'm sorry , audrey . so is it starting to make sense yet ? no , not really . i mean , yeah , the guy they talk about could be jordan collier . some of the details do match up . or it could be a coincidence . i mean , they left it vague enough that anyone could read into this whatever they want to . well , you can 't just dismiss it . that book is a blueprint for how collier 's going to succeed . oh , yeah ? jordan collier needs the handbook of a cult that hasn 't even had a living member in 80 years ? he does . and he needs you . for what ? to tell him some crazy guy predicted he was going to be god 's messenger ? to guide him . to be his shaman . you keep saying that . how can i guide him ? i don 't know anything . well , that 's what you 've got me for , kyle . everything in that book is going to come true . collier will lead the human race to salvation . you will help him . you don 't believe me yet . it 's okay . i 'll show you . i 'm going to be at the intersection of forbes and shady tonight around 2 : 00 a.m. i hope you 'll show . that 's where it 's all beginning . if you 're not there , you 'll never see me again , but if you come , you 'll see it all begin , and i promise , you will believe . are you sure you want to do this ? i 'm probably going to get into a lot of trouble . doesn 't mean you have to join in on the fun . nothing changes on its own , right ? and besides , you said you didn 't want to be alone . i left you money , hanna . my house , too . almost everything i have . you 'll find out in a couple of days . you were always so kind to me . lucas , lunch is ready ! come on , you 've got to eat before work ! lucas ! yeah , i 'll be down in a minute . hold on ! you need to be kind to your mother , lucas . she loves you , and she 's trying to raise you all on her own . no , i already told you , i don 't know how many carats it is . well , i 'm sure it 's worth a couple grand at least . my necklace ... that 's my necklace . well , seriously , how soon can you meet me ? i screwed up really bad . that 's my necklace. it was you . well , i need to get rid of this thing . you killed me . this building stays closed . those are my orders . all right , not a problem . i can do my work right here . excuse me . hi . what 's your name ? kathy . i have cerebral palsy . step away , mr. farrell . well , i think that there 's something we can do about that . you 're in our custody now . right , go home now ! this is all over ! please ! you 've got to let him go . he 's not doing anything wrong . step aside . look , we don 't want to hurt anyone , but this is an illegal assembly ! stop ! stop ... step aside . i 'm from ntac . can 't you see these people aren 't going to let you just walk him out of here ? now , look around you . there are sick people here . they 're the mainstream . they 're who we 're trying to protect . listen to me ! tell your men to stand down . sir , the situation 's out of control . i 've got ntac telling me to back off . yes , sir . i understand . let him go ! everyone ... if i could just have a little space ? now ... where were we ? i guess i haven 't really thought much about why i 've let audrey under my skin. i ... come here . i guess i just- - i identify with her , you know ? if i had made different choices , or chosen a different path , i could the one who 's dying alone . maybe , but you didn 't , and you won 't . no , no , no , come on . let it ring . leave a message and we 'll get back to you as soon as we can . that 's her . that 's audrey . i didn 't mean for her to die . i swear i didn 't . i just wanted her stuff . i gave her the morphine shot so that she would stay asleep while i looked through her house . i 've seen my mom inject her so many times , i figured it would be okay . it was an accident . you 'll take that into account , won 't you ? i swear to god , it was an accident ! not exactly a master criminal . no , but if audrey hadn 't ¡ ¡ have left his name ¡ on my answering machine , who knows if we would have found him ? she was a brave lady . she must have known that communicating again would use up whatever time she had left . i haven 't heard any static since last night . i guess she went out the way she lived , with style . you think that this is how you feel after a marathon ? i wouldn 't know . but you 'd better get a good night 's sleep . we 're not even halfway through the list of people who showed up . hey , shawn . hey , uncle tommy ... i 'm sure you 're tired , so i hate to even ask , but ... are you up for one more ? yeah , sure. yeah . yeah . hey ... his name 's donald . he 's my father . i 'd be grateful if you could help him . hello , donald . let 's go into my office , okay ? the head of ntac benefiting personally from a 4400 ability ? you sure you 're up for the fallout ? they let this place stay open . they blinked . let them fire me . this is audrey 's favorite song . she mentioned it a couple times in her journals . makes sense . i think this song was written back in the ' 30s . oh , my god . it 's her . she 's still here . where 's thatittle tape recorde we 've got to get this . no , we don 't need to record this . i already know what she 's saying . she 's saying goodbye . it 's so beautiful . i 'm ready . you can stop . this is the spot . i 'm glad you showed . yeah , me too . a great view of nothing . it 's all about to happen . what do you mean ? what 's ... what 's going to happen ? take this turn , baby ! let 's go , let 's go , come on !
