 SeriesSub presents ... The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 ... - Who 's Cassie ? - I 'm Kyle 's ability . You ever go visit your cousin , Shawn ? Maybe someone should try injecting him with a big old dose of promicin . It 's all about to happen . What 's going to happen ? Thumb through the book , if you 'd like . A lot of it is written in a code or something . - Maia , this is my friend , Ben . - I 've heard a lot about you . You saw me getting married to my sister 's boyfriend ? These shots are free . Give them to anyone who wants them , but be careful to explain the risks . There are no guarantees . There never are . Is this seat taken ? It is now . I 'm April , by the way . Peter . Barton . So , what 's good tonight ? I recommend the lemon drop martini . Bartender , can I get two more ? Is that okay ? I don 't want you to think I 'm hitting on you or anything . So , what do you do , Peter ? I 'm V.P. of client relations for ANEXXO . We 're in the fortune 500 . Energy . Communications . Some defense work ... I get it . You 're one of the guys that runs the world . Me ? No , but ... I work for those guys . So , what brings you to Seattle ? The company 's in the midst of a major project , and ... they hit a little snag , so ... I 'm here to do some triage . You 're going to save the day ? Hopefully . And how are you going to do that ? I 'm gonna bribe someone to look the other way . I can 't believe I just told you that . Look , do me a favor ... - forget what I just said . - It 's already forgotten . So , how much money are we talking about ? $ 300,000 . I 'm picking it up tomorrow afternoon . Oh , my God . I don 't know why I 'm telling you all this stuff . Did they put something in this drink ? - Who are you anyway ? - I 'm just a girl you met in a bar . Don 't ask me any more questions , okay ? What room are you in , Peter ? 315 . What I just told you , don 't repeat it . It would be bad for you , for me , for ... everyone . Let me guess ... - The truth hurts . - It usually does . So what do we got ? Cheating husband ? Tax fraud ... Try corporate intrigue . Try bribery . Try $ 300,000 arriving tomorrow . - Room 315 . - 300 grand ? Baby , you 're good . Wow . Okay . All right , so we 'll hit him up for 20 % to keep quiet . That 's ... 60,000 bucks . Love me ? I do . And it 's not like I can lie to you . No , you can 't . No one can . Glad I remembered this place . I had a lot of fun summers up here when I was a kid . It 's pretty much a ghost town till june , which is ... a good thing , because the whole world 's looking for you . Maybe I should just turn myself in . Spend the rest of your life in prison ? I don 't think so . It was no coincidence I was there when that van crashed . I was sent to help you get away . This is all happening for a reason . And what would that be ? Truthfully , I 'm not sure yet . Maybe the answers are in this book . I just hope they 're not in this code , or whatever this is . Do you believe that Jordan Collier is a Messiah ? And that promicin 's gonna save the world ? Yeah , I do . Even if that 's true , what does it have to do with me ? My abilities are gone . My body can 't tolerate promicin . I 'm the enemy . I hurt shawn . I tried to kill Jordan Collier . I did kill Jordan . Believe me . I know what it feels like ... to be in prison and think you 're never getting out . To feel you 've done things that no one will ever forgive you for . But no one 's so far gone that they can 't be forgiven , don 't have a role to play In this new world of Jordan Collier 's . I 'm meant to be a part of that world . To help bring it about , and so are you . Colin ? You 're a hard woman to find , April . I 've been looking everywhere for you . Well , you found me , Di . Now what are you gonna do with me ? Season 4 - Episode 04 The Truth Nothing But The Truth [ Sync ] Benj ! [ Sync ] aSpro5oo It wasn 't terribly smart using mom 's maiden name on your credit card . If I 'd known you were gonna come looking for me , then I would have been more creative . I can only imagine how pissed off you must 've been when you 'd heard I 'd taken the shot . I wasn 't terribly happy about it , you 're right . But you are my sister , and I was very worried about you . Besides , I knew you never would have taken the shot ... if it hadn 't been for what happened between Ben and me . Feeling a little guilty , are we ? Well , don 't . You and Ben may be why I did it ... But taking the shot was the right thing for me to do . I 've got money , clothes , a great guy , Colin , who loves me , and a pretty great ability . How many times a week are you and Ben having sex ? Three . Wait , that 's not ... - That is none of your business . - I know . And you told me anyway . That 's my ability . I ask a question , you tell the truth ... every time . That 's a pretty interesting ability . It doesn 't work on you , does it ? You mean make me tell the truth ? Thankfully , no . What am I gonna do with you , April ? What am I gonna do with you ? Go back to Spain , Di . Any guilt you feel about you and Ben ... Consider yourself absolved . Enjoy your life ... and let me enjoy mine . That 's wonderful , dad . I 'm so glad you 're walking better . I can 't wait to see it . I have to go . I love you , too . Garrity said you wanted to see me . Have you seen the doctor 's final report on your nephew 's recovery ? Yes , I have . Well , now so has D.C. Those high levels of promicin that were found in his system ... People are wondering where they came from . Yeah . Beats me . Come on , Tom . Someone walked into the hospital and gave your nephew a massive dose of promicin . Your sister and your son were the only ones with him at the time . Now I 'm willing to dismiss Susan as a suspect , but I think you need to have a talk with Kyle . Excuse me ? Mr. Farrell . Senator Lenhoff 's here to see you . Senator Lenhoff ? Are you sure ? She 's sure . I 'm sure . And I can see you 're beginning to believe it yourself . Roland Lenhoff . The devil made flesh . We need to talk . In private . Senator , if you 're here to try to force me - to shut down the center again ... - Relax , Farrell . I don 't want to shut this place , hell ! I want you to heal as many people as possible , which is surprising , I know . After all ... I 'm the guy that passed the bill forcing all you 4400s to register your abilities . And you were just warming up . I seem to remember one speech where you said that if it were up to you , we 'd all be living behind barbed wire . I knew you were going to bring that up . Have a seat . Come on , sit down . I 'll admit ... I have been waging a kind of war against you . Trouble is , I just chaired a committee , which is about to issue a 1600-page report , which states , in no uncertain terms , that I 'm losing that war and you are winning it . Promicin isn 't going away . Jordan Collier made damn sure of that . If you 're here to sign terms of surrender , - I could have some drawn up . - Who 's talking about surrender ? I fought in ' nam . I have the medals to prove it . And last year , I took my wife on vacation to Saigon . I figure if I can make my peace with Charlie , I can make my peace with you . They 're holding a special election to fill a vacant seat on the Seattle city council . I want you to run for it . City council ? Senator , I 'm not a politician . The hell you 're not . You stepped into the spotlight when you reopened this center . I want you to leverage some of the good work that you 've been doing here into something more . You 're the alternative we need to Collier and his promicin-pushing radicals . You can walk the middle path that will unite both 4400s and non-4400s . And this middle path ? You 're planning on walking it with me ? Right down the center . Probably lose any chance of re-election . My anti-4400 colleagues will see to that . But it 's what the country needs . What the world needs . So , what do you say , Farrell ? You ready to dance with the devil ? You should 've seen that hotel suite . It must run at $ 600 or $ 700 a night . The dress , the shoes . Moving around from city to city . This ability of hers , however she 's using it , she 's going to get herself into trouble . What are you smiling about ? Diana , come on , April 's alive . The shot didn 't kill her . She 's not even living on the street . She 's even involved with a guy . This is ... a win . It just doesn 't feel like a win . She 's going to screw up . NTAC are going to get a hold of her , and then what ? Listen to me . Come here for a second . You traveled 6,000 miles to find your sister , right ? You offered her help . She refused . It 's over . And now we can move back to Spain . I guess we can . - You guess ? - No , I mean ... we will . It will take a little time . I mean , the whole work thing . Come on , Diana , it 's not that complicated . All you got to do is go in there , turn in your gun and badge , and we 're on a plane by tomorrow . I can 't just do that . Not to Tom , to Meghan . You just give me a week or so and then we 're out of here . - We 'll tell Maia tonight ? - Yeah . As soon as we get home . You 're sure you don 't want me to go with you to pick up the money ? Nah , you 'd just freak the guy out . Barton knows you put some kind of whammy on him , right ? - What 's the matter ? - Nothing . Still thinking about your sister ? I just can 't believe she came all that way to look for me . I didn 't think she cared enough . April , she 's a judgmental bitch , and I say good riddance . Besides , you don 't need her anymore . You got me . So what do you say we meet in the bar a little after 7 : 00 , - for a celebratory cocktail ? - Okay . Where are we off to next ? I figured we 'd go crash with my brother in south beach . He just moved there from Phoenix . Jeff says there 's money to be made in Miami . People there are holding onto all kinds of dirty little secrets . Dirty little secrets . Got a minute , buddy ? Not really . I 'm meeting some friends . It 's about Shawn . What about him ? The way he woke up from his coma with all that promicin in him . People are starting to wonder if you had something to do with it . By people , do you mean NTAC ? What exactly are you accusing me of , dad ? I 'm not accusing you of anything . I 'm asking you . The day at the hospital , did you give your cousin a shot of promicin ? No , I didn 't . Kyle , listen to me . - If you 're involved in something . - In what ? I don 't know . Last few nights , you haven 't come home ... - Dad , I 'm 23 years old . - I know that . Kyle , if you 're holding anything back , Please ... tell me now . I got nothing to say . Except I 'm glad Shawn 's up and about . For all I know , whatever isabelle zapped him with , it wore off . Or not . I guess we 'll never know the truth , will we ? We all got to get used to that . Can I go now ? This is Colin . Leave a message . Colin ? Babe ? It 's colin ! He 's been shot ! There was so much blood . Maia , will you go to bed now , please , sweetie ? Help me , Di . Please , help me . April , did you honestly believe that this guy , Barton , was just gonna hand you over $ 60,000 ? Seemed like such an easy mark and it 's always worked before . So that 's how you 've been using your ability ? - To blackmail people . - Oh , God . Don 't start lecturing me on right and wrong . - No , it 's a little late for that . - Yeah . It is . - So save your breath . - All right , ladies , just calm down . Let 's just stay calm , okay ? Focus on what 's important right now . Barton ? He did it , right ? He killed colin ? Well , I would say he 's our number one suspect . But this $ 300,000 that ANEXXO 's paying out in bribe money ... Barton didn 't happen to mention where it was going ? Does it matter ? Colin , the way he looked lying there on the floor ... The hotel suite . It was in Colin 's name , right ? Yeah . Or one of his names . He used a couple . And when they find the body , there 's nothing there to connect you to it , is there ? I don 't think so . Ben , will you stay here ? I 'm gonna drive April to a motel , or somewhere away from here and away from Maia . I 'm sorry , you 'll have to stay there until we figure this out . Are you going to turn me in ? We just have to make this up as we go along . So I can count on you , right ? If my dad asks you , and he probably will ... I 'm not going to tell your dad that you gave me a promicin shot . It 's hard , you know ? I mean , I love the guy so much , but the things I 'm doing , - he just wouldn 't understand . - I get it , Kyle . I really do . It 's just I 've got ... all of this other stuff I 'm dealing with . If you mean Isabelle Tyler , don 't think you have to worry about her . - She 's probably long gone from Seattle . - That 's good to know . I 'll fire the extra security I had on . Anyway , I wasn 't talking about her . This is going to sound weird . Roland Lenhoff ... wants me to run for a seat on the city council . The guy behind the Dinstman-Lenhoff bill ? He sees it as a " If you can 't beat ' em , work with ' em " kind of thing . And he knows he can 't beat us . That 's great , Shawn . - You said yes , right ? - I 'm thinking about it . You have to do this . You get elected , that puts a 4400 into the mainstream . They 'll have to start taking us seriously . Who knows ? You could become mayor , maybe even governor . Just one step at a time . I don 't even know if I can get elected to city council . You heal people with your hands . Show me an opponent who can beat that . - Do you wanna be my campaign manager ? - No . But you got my vote . That 's one . Not a problem . I 'll have the test results back tomorrow . - What name do I log the samples under ? - No name . - What if they 're promicin positive ? - No name , Marco . I want any paperwork handed to me and me alone . Are we clear ? Actually , Tom , I still have some questions . Do me this favor , please . But I won 't ask them . Thank you . Hey , Marco . They told me you were down here , Tom . - Have you got a minute ? - Yeah , yeah , sure . I know my sister 's made a lot of bad choices in her life , but I also know that April would never have taken that shot if it weren 't for me . I understand you want to protect your sister , Diana , but if she knows the identity of a murderer ... I can 't be responsible for sending April to prison , Tom . She 's promicin positive . It 's a life sentence . You know the deal . Besides , I mean , there 's a chance that the police could get to Barton on their own . But what if they don 't ? What then ? Then I 'll tell the authorities everything I know . After I 've bought April a one-way ticket to Marrakech . April Skouris , right ? I 'm a friend of Colin 's brother , Jeff . - Jeff ? - No , I 'm Larry , but Jeff heard what happened and he ... He sent me here to get you outta Seattle . Really ? Well , where are we going to go ? My car 's right out back . We 're gonna go to Phoenix . - What about my clothes ? - You can get some new ones , ok ? If we hurry , we can catch the next flight . Wait , Phoenix ? Jeff moved to Florida . - It really doesn 't matter . - Oh , my god , help ! He 's trying to kill me ! Help ! Help ! Di , I really need to know what 's going on because none of this makes any sense . Why kill Colin ? Why come after me ? We never got our hands on any of that money . Well , that bribe money that ANEXXO is paying out , they clearly don 't want anyone knowing about it . I guess it 's time we have a talk with this Peter Barton guy . I 'm coming with you . You want the truth ? I can get it for you . You sure about that ? I mean ... People beat lie detectors all the time . Tom , do you like my sister ? Diana ? Yeah , sure . She 's my partner , my friend . Ever had a sexual fantasy about her ? Once or twice . We were working late . Diana mentioned we were the only two people working in the building ... You can come . Peter Barton , I 'm agent Baldwin . This is agent Skouris . We 're with NTAC . Oh , God , not her . You murdered Colin , didn 't you ? Murdered ? No . I wasn 't even in the room when your boyfriend showed up . The money . It wasn 't me you were trying to blackmail . It was the corporation . I had to warn them . The bribe money . Who 'd you pass it off to ? I tell you that , I lose my job . What was his name , Peter ? Alex Lupone . He 's the director of advanced combat systems for the pentagon . Ask him why ANEXXO was paying Lupone . Don 't . Just ... Don 't . ANEXXO won a contract to develop a new interceptor ballistic body armor for the military . It was supposed to be impenetrable . So this body armor , it was defective ? There were some design flaws which left parts of the side and shoulders unprotected . I was supposed to pay off Lupone to look the other way . You interfered , and it was taken out of my hands . Who did you tell about Colin and April ? Donald Mitchell . He sits on our board of directors . He called me personally to handle the payoff . Flew me out here on ANEXXO 's dime . Where can we find Mitchell ? He 's staying at the Dorchester hotel . I didn 't know anyone was gonna die . I don 't like standing up here and calling Roland Lenhoff a liar , but the truth is , he 's been one for 40 years . He did not single-handedly hold off a platoon of viet cong troops while his men lay wounded around him . I know that for a fact because I was one of those men . Turn that damned thing off . ... performed by staff sergeant Stephen ... Guess some of my colleagues heard that you and I were meeting . Didn 't waste any time letting me know they weren 't real happy about it . Senator , I have to ask , did you falsify your war record ? No , I did not . That fellow who gave that little speech ... I saved his life that day . They must 've paid him a lot of money to get him to lie like that . Well , I guess if what he says isn 't true , then it doesn 't really matter . Doesn 't have to be true . It 's on the television . I can tough this out . The question is , can you ? 'Cause they 're gonna be giving you the same kind of treatment . If not worse . People have been telling lies about me ever since we came back in that ball of light , so ... Does that mean you 'll run for city council ? It means I 'm gonna run and I 'm gonna win . That 's what I wanted to hear . I knew I picked myself the right man . So what happens now ? The first thing you got to do is let people know where you stand . That means telling the world you 're against Jordan Collier and everything that he 's been doing . You want to win this election ? Then Jordan Collier is the enemy . Your enemy . - Hey , Kyle . - Hey . How 's it coming ? I 'm trying to decipher these coded pages , but I 'm not a cryptographer . Can I have a look ? I may have lost my abilities , but I did read the encyclopedia from A to Z. And you remember all of it ? Yeah , pretty much . How are you with puzzles ? Well , I guess we 'll see . But you did say you brought me here for a reason , right ? That I 'm part of all this . So maybe this is my chance to prove it . I don 't care what Peter Barton claims . ANEXXO doesn 't bribe government officials . That 's not the way we conduct business . Mr. Mitchell , did you authorize the payment of $ 300,000 to Alex Lupone ? I did not . We never paid Alex Lupone a penny . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I have an $ 80 kobe beef filet growing cold on the plate . - Then what was the money for ? - It was a down payment . A down payment for what ? To have Alex Lupone murdered . I didn 't mean that . I don 't know why I 'd say such a thing . Why have Lupone killed ? I 'm not answering any more questions . Was it because you were selling the military defective body armor ? Lupone would have exposed us . we had no choice . - I 'm calling my lawyer . - No . Not till you cancel the hit on Lupone . I don 't know what you 're talking about . How do we reach Lupone ? - What is his phone number ? - There isn 't one . He 's on vacation in the Brazilian jungle . The men we hired are already down there . I have no way of contacting them . Is this really necessary ? Absolutely , it is . So what do we do now ? Well , we 'll get in touch with the Brazilian authorities and hope that they get in touch with Lupone first . But in the meantime , I 'm going to need you to come into NTAC and make sure that Mitchell repeats his confession for the record . I can 't do that . I walk into NTAC , I don 't come out . No , I 'll speak to Meghan . We 'll explain the circumstances . What if that doesn 't work ? Can 't take that chance . April , without some coaxing from your ability , Mitchell is going to deny everything he just told us . He 's going to get away with murder . He 's gonna get away with Colin 's murder . - Do you want that ? - Look , I can 't do that . - I 'm sorry . - April , you 've been running away your entire life . From your family , from school , from responsibility . And I don 't know , maybe I 'm ... Maybe I 'm to blame for that . Maybe I pushed you away . Maybe I wasn 't there for you . I don 't know . But this time ... This time , you can 't run away . Watch me . All right . Time to get to the tough questions . Do you think the average citizen is ready to vote for a 4400 ? Well , I 'm hoping so , being there 's a lot more non-4400s out there than people with abilities . But more people are taking the shot all the time . How do you feel about that ? Do you agree with Jordan Collier 's decision to hand out promicin to anybody who wants it ? No . I don 't . Half of those people are going to die . Thousands already have . Are you calling Jordan Collier a mass murderer ? I think that Jordan ... should 've waited until the odds of survival were better than 50 / 50 . A lot better than 50 / 50 . If he wanted to change the world , there are safer ways of doing so . Like running for city council ? Well , that 's a start anyway . April , it 's me . - Go away . - Not until we 've talked . Now just let me in . Come on , open up . So where do you go now ? I really hadn 't thought that far ahead . I never do , do I ? Maybe this time you should . You want to hear something funny ? I thought when I got this ability , it would change my life . And it did . Changed my circumstances anyway . I got better clothes . I eat in better restaurants . Fly first-class for the first time in my life . But it didn 't change me . No ability is going to do that . You have to change yourself . And you can . How ? By marching into NTAC ? That would be brave . Except I 'm not brave , am I ? Another one of my many faults . It 's not too late . You can still be the person that you want to be . Look , I ... I can 't say that I approve of what you 've been up to . But you did say that you loved this guy , Colin . And if you did , if that 's true , then you have to speak up for him . And only you can do that . The man is guilty of multiple felonies and he 's threatening to sue us ? Mitchell 's claiming harassment , intimidation , oh , and false arrest . And ANEXXO 's lawyers have the muscle to make a case like this stick . Come on , Meghan . He 's responsible for one murder we know of , he plotted two others , and his corporation is trying to defraud the U.S. government , and we 're just gonna let him walk ? You tell me this guy deserves to be locked up and I 'll believe you , but I need more than your word . I need that woman , the one that got his initial confession . Look , I know she 's promicin positive , but you need to convince her to come forward . I don 't think that 's gonna happen . Then there 's no way we 're going to get an indictment against Mitchell . Not without proof . I have the proof you need right here . Hey , Kyle . - Everything all right ? - No , it 's not . I 'm driving in my car , turn on the radio , and I hear you tell the world that Jordan Collier 's a mass murderer . That is not what I said . I said that he was wrong to hand out promicin . And that 's what I believe . Everything that you are , this building you 're standing in , you owe it all to Jordan . You 're willing to betray him for some votes ? Hey , I built this place just as much as Jordan . He used my healing abilities to raise money for it . He used me for a lot of things . Not anymore . I 'm my own man now . I make my own choices . Well , you 're off to a great start . You 're not only betraying Jordan , you 're betraying yourself . You 're a traitor , Shawn . Don 't you see that ? Don 't you see that ? Traitor . How long has it been ? Since the last time you asked , about 10 minutes . Since your sister 's been in there with Mitchell , about two hours . Mitchell 's been with ANEXXO for what , 14 years ? Imagine the secrets he 's saved up . We could be here all night . We got a signed confession . Whether it holds up in court remains to be seen , but we 've got enough against him that at least a couple of these charges should stick . And April ? I 'm sorry , Diana . We have to take her into custody . It 's okay , Di . Everything 's okay . I didn 't say I 'd go for it either but ... You must 've been pretty convincing . Excuse me , I 'm sorry to interrupt . But I have been up all night and what we 're doing to April just isn 't fair . She didn 't have to come forward . Mitchell could be a free man right now , instead of having his picture plastered all over the papers . But non , she did the right thing , and we 're locking her up ? We need to offer her some kind of amnesty , not punish her . Skouris , we 're not punishing her . We 're hiring her . According to Meghan , NTAC ... The attorney general 's office ... The FBI ... They 're already fighting over who gets me when . And all I have to do is ask people questions . It 's not always going to be at a bar over drinks . Some of the people you meet and the questions you have to ask ... Some of the answers you 're going to hear ... It can get pretty ugly . Meghan was pretty upfront about that . Still , it 's gotta be better than prison . I must say , the perks are pretty good . I get an apartment , a nice salary , health insurance , even a clothing allowance . And let 's not forget Eric and Ralph . Or is it Ralph and Eric ? I 'm sure you 'll figure it out . Their job is to make sure I show up wherever I need to be . Knowing me , it won 't be as easy as it sounds . You think I 'm gonna screw this up , don 't you ? April , maybe the question you should be asking me is if I want you to succeed , and the answer is a definite yes . Well , I 'll try not to let either one of us down . And I promise to call or email and let you know how I 'm doing . So ... When are you leaving ? You know , for Spain , or wherever you guys decide ? I 'm not leaving . I 'm staying right here in Seattle . Did I just say that ? Does Ben know ? No . I hadn 't realized it until just now . You 're gonna have to tell him . I 'm really happy for both of you . I really am . But ... we 're not leaving this table until we 've made a decision . Are we living in France or Spain ? Neither . Diana ? Don 't hate me , Ben . Please . Oh , God ... I quit work . I went to Spain . I tried . I really tried . But I belong here . With Tom , and with NTAC , the search for Collier . I 'm a part of that . My daughter 's a part of that . And now my sister is , too . So what happens to us ? We go back to our own lives ? Back to our work ? What , see each other a few days a month ? For now . We could have so much more , Diana . Maia said that we 'd get married . And Maia 's never wrong . Well , I hope not . Me too . The lab report you asked for . The one and only copy . Samples came back positive for promicin . Someone 's definitely walking around with an ability . Thanks , Marco . " When the chosen have taken the elixir " and proved their faith in the Messiah , " then all will follow in their wake . " Only then will the father reveal his true face , " and paradise and the world will be as one . " I think that 's a pretty accurate translation . The elixir , that 's gotta be promicin . And we know Collier 's supposed to be the Messiah . And the father ? I don 't know . God , I guess ? - But who are the chosen ? - Flip the page . It 's a list of names . Yeah . 200 in all . And most of them you 'll recognize . Politicians , scientists , athletes ... These people , they 're all alive today . But this book was written 85 years ago . I know . All right , so ... all these people have to take the shot ? And ... That 's supposed to influence more and more people to do the same , right ? Until what ? Everyone has an ability ? Those who survive , anyway . And that 's when god 's supposed to show up ? I think you 'd better look at the last name . My dad ? He has to take the shot ? If you believe in the prophecy . In some kind of paradise on earth led by Jordan Collier ... Then , yeah ... Your dad has to take promicin .
