 4400 were taken 4400 were returned Each has a unique ability One among them has a message Anyone can become extraordinary The risk is great But so are the rewards And now there 's no turning back The world will have to deal with us . Previously on the 4400 ... who 's cassie ? I 'm kyle 's ability . You ever go visit your cousin , shawn ? Maybe someone should try injecting him with a big old dose of promicin . It 's all about to happen . What 's going to happen ? Thumb through the book , if you 'd like . A lot of it is written in a code or something . Maia , this is my friend , ben . I 've heard a lot about you . You saw me getting married to my sister 's boyfriend ? Mm-Hmm . These shots are free . Give them to anyone who wants them , but be careful to explain the risks . There are no guarantees . There never are . Is this seat taken ? It is now . I 'm april , by the way . Peter.Barton. So , what 's good tonight ? I recommend the lemon drop martini . Bartender , can i get two more ? Is that okay ? I don 't want you to think i 'm hitting on you or anything . So , what do you do , peter ? I 'm v.P.Of client relations for anexxo . We 're in the fortune 500.Energy. Communications.Some defense work ... i get it . You 're one of the guys that runs the world . Me ? No . But i work for those guys . So , what brings you to seattle ? The company 's in the midst of a major project , And they hit a little snag , so i 'm here to do some triage . You 're going to save the day ? Hopefully . And how are you going to do that ? I 'm gonna bribe someone to look the other way . I can 't believe i just told you that . Look , do me a favor , forget what i just said . It 's already forgotten . - So , how much money are we talking about ? - 300000.I 'm picking it up tomorrow afternoon . Oh , my god . I don 't know why i 'm telling you all this stuff . Did they put something in this drink ? Who are you anyway ? I 'm just a girl you met in a bar . Don 't ask me any more questions , okay ? - What room are you in , peter ? - 315 What i just told you , don 't repeat it . It would be bad for you , for me , for everyone - Let me guess . - The truth hurts . - It usually does . So what do we got ? Cheating husband ? Tax fraud ... try corporate intrigue . Try bribery . Try $ 300,000 arriving tomorrow.Room 315 . 300 grand ? Baby , you 're good . Wow.Okay. All right , so we 'll hit him up for 20 % to keep quiet . That 's 60,000 bucks . - Love me ? - I do . And it 's not like i can lie to you . * * * No , you can 't . No one can . Hey . Glad i remembered this place . I had a lot of fun summers up here when i was a kid . It 's pretty much a ghost town till june , which is a good thing , Because the whole world 's looking for you . Maybe i should just turn myself in . Spend the rest of your life in prison ? I don 't think so . It was no coincidence i was there when that van crashed . I was sent to help you get away . This is all happening for a reason . And what would that be ? Truthfully , i 'm not sure yet . Maybe the answers are in here . I just hope they 're not in this code , or whatever this is . Do you believe that jordan collier is a messiah ? And that promicin is going to save the world ? Yeah , i do . Even if that 's true , what does it have to do with me ? My abilities are gone . My body can 't tolerate promicin . I 'm the enemy . I hurt shawn . I tried to kill jordan collier . I did kill jordan . Believe me . I know what it feels like to be in prison and think you 're never getting out . To feel you 've done things that no one will ever forgive you for . But no one 's so far gone that they can 't be forgiven , That they don 't have a role to play in this new world of jordan collier 's . I 'm meant to be a part of that world . To help bring it about . And so are you . Colin ? Colin ? You 're a hard woman to find , april . I 've been looking everywhere for you . Well , you found me , di . Now what are you gonna do with me ? The 4400 Season 4 Episode 4 Well , it wasn 't terribly smart Using mom 's maiden name On your credit card . * * * I should have been more creative . I can only imagine how pissed off you must 've been when you 'd heard i 'd taken the shot . Well , i wasn 't terribly happy about it.You 're right . But you are my sister and i was very worried about you . Besides , i knew you never would have taken the shot If it hadn 't been for what happened between ben and me . Feeling a little guilty , are we ? Well , don 't . You and ben may be why i did it , but taking the shot was the right thing for me to do . I 've got money , clothes , a great guy , colin , who loves me , and a pretty great ability . How many times a week are you and ben having sex ? Three . Wait , that 's not- - That is none of your business . I know . And you told me anyway . That 's my ability . I ask a question , you tell the truth- - Every time . That 's a pretty interesting ability . It doesn 't work on you , does it ? You mean make me tell the truth ? Thankfully , no . What am i gonna do with you , april ? What am i gonna do with you ? Go back to spain , di . Any guilt you feel about you and ben ... consider yourself absolved . Enjoy your life . And let me enjoy mine . That 's wonderful , dad . I 'm so glad you 're walking better . I can 't wait to see it . Look , i have to go . I love you , too . Garrity said you wanted to see me . Tom ... have you seen the doctor 's final report on your nephew 's recovery ? Yes , i have . Well , now so has d.C. Those high levels of promicin that were found in his system- - People are wondering where they came from . Yeah.Beats me . Come on , tom . Someone walked into the hospital and gave your nephew a massive dose of promicin . Your sister and your son were the only ones with him at the time . Now i 'm willing to dismiss susan as a suspect , but i think you need to have a talk with kyle . Excuse me ? Mr.Farrell. Senator lenhoff 's here to see you . - Senator lenhoff ? Are you sure ? - She 's sure . I 'm sure . And i can see you 're beginning to believe it yourself . Roland lenhoff . The devil made flesh . We need to talk . In private . Senator , if you 're here to try to force me to shut down the center again ... relax , farrell.I don 't want to shut this place . Hell , i want you to heal as many people as possible , which is surprising , i know . After all , i 'm the guy that passed the bill forcing all you 4400s to register your abilities . Yeah . And you were just warming up . I seem to remember one speech where you said that if it were up to you , We 'd all be living behind barbed wire . I knew you were going to bring that up . Have a seat . Come on , sit down . I 'll admit i have been waging a kind of war against you . Trouble is , i just chaired a committee , which is about to issue a 1600-Page report , Which states , in no uncertain terms , that i 'm losing that war and you are winning it . Promicin isn 't going away . Jordan collier made damn sure of that . Well , if you 're here to sign terms of surrender , i could have some drawn up . Who 's talking about surrender ? I fought in ' nam . I have the medals to prove it . And last year , i took my wife on vacation to saigon . I figure if i can make my peace with charlie , i can make my peace with you . They 're holding a special election to fill a vacant seat on the seattle city council . I want you to run for it . City council ? Senator , i 'm not a politician . The hell you 're not . You stepped into the spotlight when you reopened this center . I want you to leverage some of the good work that you 've been doing here into something more . You 're the alternative we need to collier and his promicin-Pushing radicals . You can walk the middle path that will unite both 4400s and non-4400s . And this middle path ? - You 're planning on walking it with me ? - Right down the center . Probably lose any chance of re-Election . My anti-4400 colleagues will see to that . But it 's what the country needs . What the world needs . So , what do you say , farrell ? You ready to dance with the devil ? I mean , you should 've seen that hotel suite . It must run at 600 or $ 700 a night . The dress , the shoes . Moving around from city to city . This ability of hers , however she 's using it , she 's going to get herself into trouble . What are you smiling about ? Diana , come on , april 's alive . The shot didn 't kill her . She 's not even living on the street . She 's even involved with a guy . This is a win . It just doesn 't feel like a win . She 's going to screw up.Ntac are going to get a hold of her , and then what ? Diana , look.Listen to me . Come here for a second . You traveled 6,000 miles to find your sister , right ? You offered her help.She refused.It 's over . And now we can move back to spain . I guess we can . - You guess ? - No , i mean- - I mean , we will . It will take a little time . I mean , the whole work thing . Come on , diana , it 's not that complicated . All you got to do is go in there and just turn in your gun and badge , And we 're on a plane by tomorrow . I can 't just do that . Not to tom , to meghan . You just give me a week or so and then we 're out of here . - We 'll tell maia tonight ? - Yeah.As soon as we get home . You 're sure you don 't want me to go with you * * * ? Nah , you 'd just freak the guy out . Barton knows you put some kind of whammy on him , right ? * * * * * * * * * * * * April , she 's a judgmental bitch and i say good riddance . All right ? Besides , you don 't need her anymore.You got me . - Yeah . - Yeah . So what do you say we meet in the bar a little after 7 : 00 for a celebratory cocktail ? - Okay . - Okay . Hey , where are we off to next ? I figured we 'd go crash with my brother in south beach . He just moved there from phoenix . Jeff says there 's money to be made in miami . People there are holding onto all kinds of dirty little secrets . Dirty little secrets . Kyle . Got a minute , buddy ? Not really . I 'm just- - I 'm meeting some friends . It 's about shawn . What about him ? The way he woke up from his coma with all that promicin in him . People are starting to wonder if you had something to do with it . By people , do you mean ntac ? What exactly are you accusing me of , dad ? I 'm not accusing you of anything . I 'm asking you . The day at the hospital , did you give your cousin a shot of promicin ? No , i didn 't . Kyle , listen to me.If you 're involved in something . In what ? I don 't know.Last few nights , you haven 't come home till morning . - Dad , i 'm 23 years old . - And i know that . Kyle , if you 're holding anything back , please , tell me now . I got nothing to say . Except i 'm glad shawn 's up and about . For all i know , whatever isabelle zapped him with , it wore off . Or not . I guess we 'll never know the truth , will we ? We all got to get used to that . Can i go now ? Kyle- - This is colin.Leave a message . Colin ? Babe ? It 's colin ! He 's been shot ! There was so much blood . Maia , will you go to bed now , please , sweetie ? Help me , di . Please , help me . April , did you honestly believe that this guy , barton , was just gonna hand you over $ 60,000 ? Seemed like such an easy mark and it 's always worked before . Oh , my god , so that 's how you 've been using your ability ? - To blackmail people . - Oh , god . Don 't start lecturing me on right and wrong . - No , it 's a little late for that . - Yeah.It is . So save your breath . All right , ladies.Let 's just calm down.Let 's just stay calm , okay ? Focus on what 's important right now . Barton ? He did it , right ? He killed colin ? Well , i would say he 's our number one suspect . But this $ 300,000 that anexxo 's paying out in bribe money ... Barton didn 't happen to mention where it was going ? Does it matter ? Colin , the way he looked lying there on the floor ... the hotel suite It was in colin 's name , right ? Yeah . Or one of his names.He used a couple . Okay.And when they find the body , there 's nothing there to connect you to it , is there ? I don 't think so . Ben , will you stay here ? I 'm gonna drive april to a motel , or somewhere away from here and away from maia . I 'm sorry , you 'll have to stay there until we figure this out . Di ? Are you going to turn me in ? We just have to make this up as we go along . So i can count on you , right ? If my dad asks you , and he probably will ... Kyle , i 'm not going to tell your dad that you gave me a promicin shot.Okay ? It 's hard , you know ? I mean , i love the guy so much , but ... the things i 'm doing , he just wouldn 't understand . I get it , kyle.I really do . It 's just i 've got all of this other stuff i 'm dealing with . Oh , yeah . If you mean isabelle tyler , i don 't think you have anything to worry about from her . She 's probably long gone from seattle . That 's good to know . I 'll fire the extra security i had on . Anyway , i wasn 't talking about her . This is going to sound weird . Roland lenhoff wants me to run for a seat on the city council . The guy behind the dinstman-Lenhoff bill ? He sees it as a " if you can 't beat 'em , work with ' em " kind of thing . And he knows he can 't beat us . That 's great , shawn . You said yes , right ? - I 'm thinking about it . - You have to do this . You get elected , that puts a 4400 into the mainstream . They 'll have to start taking us seriously . And who knows , man ? You could become mayor , maybe even governor . Whoa.Just one step at a time . I don 't even know if i can get elected to city council . You heal people with your hands . Show me an opponent who can beat that . - Do you wanna be my campaign manager ? - No . But you got my vote . That 's one . Not a problem . I 'll have the test results back tomorrow . - What name do i log the samples under ? - No name . - But what if they come back promicin positive ? - No name , marco . I want any paperwork handed to me and me alone.Are we clear ? Actually , tom , i still have some questions . Do me this favor , please . But i won 't ask them . Thank you . Hey , marco . They told me you were down here , tom . - Have you got a minute ? - Yeah , yeah , sure . I know my sister 's made a lot of bad choices in her life , But i also know that april would never have taken that shot if it weren 't for me . I understand you want to protect your sister , diana , But if she knows the identity of a murderer- - I can 't be responsible for sending april to prison , tom . She 's promicin positive.It 's a life sentence.You know the deal . Besides , i mean , there 's a chance that the police could get to barton on their own . Yeah , but what if they don 't ? What then ? Then i 'll tell the authorities everything i know . After i 've bought april a one-Way ticket to marrakech . April ? - April skouris , right ? - Yeah . - I 'm a friend of colin 's brother , jeff . - Jeff ? No , i 'm larry , but jeff heard what happened And he sent me here to get you out of seattle . Really ? Well , where are we going to go ? My car 's right out back . We 're going to go to phoenix . What about my clothes ? Well , you can get some new ones , okay ? If we hurry , we can catch the next flight . Wait , phoenix ? Jeff moved to florida . - It really doesn 't matter . - Oh , my god , help ! He 's trying to kill me ! Di , i really need to know what 's going on because none of this makes any sense . Why kill colin ? Why come after me ? We never got our hands on any of that money . Well , that bribe money that anexxo is paying out , They clearly don 't want anyone knowing about it . I guess it 's time we have a talk with this peter barton guy . Yeah . I 'm coming with you . You want the truth ? I can get it for you . You sure about that ? I mean , people beat lie detectors all the time . Tom , do you like my sister ? Diana ? Yeah , sure . She 's my partner , my friend . Ever had a sexual fantasy about her ? Well , once or twice . We were working late . Diana mentioned we were the only two people working in the building- - You can come . Peter barton , i 'm agent baldwin . This is agent skouris.We 're with ntac . Oh , god , not her . You murdered colin , didn 't you ? Murdered ? No . I wasn 't even in the room when your boyfriend showed up . The money . It wasn 't me you were trying to blackmail . It was the corporation . I had to warn them . The bribe money . Who 'd you pass it off to ? I tell you that , i lose my job . What was his name , peter ? Alex lupone.He 's the director of advanced combat systems for the pentagon . Ask him why anexxo was paying lupone . Don 't . Just don 't . Anexxo won a contract to develop a new interceptor ballistic body armor for the military . It was supposed to be impenetrable . So this body armor , it was defective ? There were some design flaws which left parts of the side and shoulders unprotected . I was supposed to pay off lupone to look the other way . You interfered , and it was taken out of my hands . Who did you tell about colin and april ? Donald mitchell . He sits on our board of directors . He called me personally to handle the payoff . Flew me out here on anexxo 's dime . Where can we find mitchell ? He 's staying at the dorchester hotel . I didn 't know anyone was gonna die . I don 't like standing up here and calling roland lenhoff a liar , But the truth is , he 's been one for 40 years . He did not single-Handedly hold off a platoon of viet cong troops While his men lay wounded around him . I know that for a fact because i was one of those men . Turn that damned thing off . That brave act was performed by staff sergeant stephen- - Guess some of my colleagues heard that you and i were meeting . Didn 't waste any time letting me know they weren 't real happy about it . Senator , i have to ask , - did you falsify your war record ? - No , i did not . That fellow who gave that little speech ... i saved his life that day . They must 've paid him a lot of money to get him to lie like that . Well , i guess if what he says isn 't true , then it doesn 't really matter . Doesn 't have to be true . It 's on the television . I can tough this out . The question is , can you ? Because they 're going to be giving you the same kind of treatment . If not worse . People have been telling lies about me ever since we came back in that ball of light , So ... does that mean you 'll run for city council ? It means i 'm gonna run and i 'm gonna win . That 's what i wanted to hear . I knew i picked myself the right man . So what happens now ? Well , the first thing you got to do is let people know where you stand . That means telling the world you 're against jordan collier And everything that he 's been doing . You want to win this election ? Then jordan collier is the enemy . Your enemy . - Hey , kyle . - Hey . How 's it coming ? I 'm trying to decipher these coded pages , but i 'm not a cryptographer . Can i have a look ? I may have lost my abilities , but i did read the encyclopedia from a to z . And you remember all of it ? Yeah , pretty much . How are you with puzzles ? Well , i guess we 'll see . But you did say you brought me here for a reason , right ? That i 'm part of all this . So maybe this is my chance to prove it . I don 't care what peter barton claims . Anexxo doesn 't bribe government officials . That 's not the way we conduct business . Mr.Mitchell , did you authorize the payment of $ 300,000 to alex lupone ? I did not.We never paid alex lupone a penny . Now , if you 'll excuse me , i have an $ 80 kobe beef filet growing cold on the plate . - Then what was the money for ? - It was a down payment . - A down payment for what ? - To have alex lupone murdered . I didn 't mean that . I don 't know why i 'd say such a thing . Why have lupone killed ? I 'm not answering any more questions . Was it because you were selling the military defective body armor ? Lupone would have exposed us . We had no choice . I 'm calling my lawyer . No.Not till you cancel the hit on lupone . I don 't know what you 're talking about . How do we reach lupone ? What is his phone number ? There isn 't one . He 's on vacation in the brazilian jungle . The men we hired are already down there . I have no way of contacting them . - Is this really necessary ? - Absolutely , it is . So what do we do now ? Well , we 'll get in touch with the brazilian authorities And hope that they get in touch with lupone first . But in the meantime , i 'm going to need you to come into ntac And make sure that mitchell repeats his confession for the record . I can 't do that.I walk into ntac , i don 't come out . No , i 'll speak to meghan . We 'll explain the circumstances . What if that doesn 't work ? I can 't take that chance . April , without some coaxing from your ability , Mitchell is going to deny everything he just told us . He 's going to get away with murder . He 's going to get away with colin 's murder . - Do you want that ? - Look , i can 't do that.I 'm sorry . April , you 've been running away your entire life . From your family , from school , from responsibility . And i don 't know , maybe i 'm ... maybe i 'm to blame for that . Maybe i pushed you away . Maybe i wasn 't there for you . I don 't know . But this time ... this time , you can 't run away . * * * All right ? * * * Do u think * * * Is ready to vote for a 4400 ? Well , i 'm hoping so , Being there 's a lot more non-4400s out there than people with abilities . But more people are taking the shot all the time . How do you feel about that ? Do you agree with jordan collier 's decision to hand out promicin to anybody who wants it ? No . I don 't . Half of those people are going to die . Thousands already have . Are you calling jordan collier a mass murderer ? I think that jordan should 've waited until the odds of survival were better than 50 / 50 . A lot better than 50 / 50 . If he wanted to change the world , there are safer ways of doing so . Like running for city council ? Well , that 's a start anyway . April , it 's me . Go away . Not until we 've talked . Now just let me in . No . Come on , open up . So where do you go now ? I really hadn 't thought that far ahead . I never do , do i ? Maybe this time you should . You want to hear something funny ? I thought when i got this ability , it would change my life . And it did . Changed my circumstances anyway . I got better clothes . I eat in better restaurants . Fly first-Class for the first time in my life . But it didn 't change me . No ability is going to do that . You have to change yourself . And you can . How ? By marching into ntac ? That would be brave . Except i 'm not brave , am i ? Another one of my many faults . April . It 's not too late . You can still be the person that you want to be . Look , i can 't say that i approve of what you 've been up to . But you did say that you loved this guy , colin . And if you did , if that 's true , then you have to speak up for him . And only you can do that . The man is guilty of multiple felonies and he 's threatening to sue us ? Mitchell 's claiming harassment , intimidation , oh , and false arrest . And anexxo 's lawyers have the muscle to make a case like this stick . Come on , meghan . He 's responsible for one murder we know of , he plotted two others , And his corporation is trying to defraud the u.S. Government , and we 're just gonna let him walk ? Tom , you tell me this guy deserves to be locked up and i 'll believe you , But i need more than your word . I need that woman , the one that got his initial confession . Look , i know she 's promicin positive , but you need to convince her to come forward . Yeah , well , i don 't think that 's gonna happen . Well , then there 's no way we 're going to get an indictment against mitchell . Not without proof . I have the proof you need right here . Shawn . Hey , kyle . - Everything all right ? - No , it 's not . I 'm driving in my car , turn on the radio , And i hear you tell the world that jordan collier 's a mass murderer . That is not what i said.I said that he was wrong to hand out promicin . And that 's what i believe . Everything that you are , this building you 're standing in , you owe it all to jordan . You 're willing to betray him for some votes ? Hey , i built this place just as much as jordan . He used my healing abilities to raise money for it . He used me for a lot of things . Not anymore . I 'm my own man now . I make my own choices . Well , you 're off to a great start . You 're not only betraying jordan , you 're betraying yourself . You 're a traitor , shawn . Don 't you see that ? Don 't you see that ? Traitor . How long has it been ? Since the last time you asked , about 10 minutes . Since your sister 's been in there with mitchell , about two hours . Mitchell 's been with anexxo for what , 14 years ? Imagine the secrets he 's saved up . We could be here all night . We got a signed confession . Whether it holds up in court remains to be seen , But we 've got enough against him that at least a couple of these charges should stick . And april ? I 'm sorry , diana . We have to take her into custody . It 's okay , di . Everything 's okay . I ? Go for it either . - You must 've been pretty convincing . - Excuse me , i 'm sorry to interrupt . But i have been up all night and what we 're doing to april just isn 't fair . She didn 't have to come forward . Mitchell could be a free man right now , Instead of having his picture plastered all over the papers . She did the right thing , and we 're locking her up ? We need to offer her some kind of amnesty , not punish her . Skouris , we 're not punishing her.We 're hiring her . According to meghan , ntac ... the attorney general 's office ... the fbi ... They 're already fighting over who gets me when . And all i have to do is ask people questions . It 's not always going to be at a bar over drinks . Some of the people you meet and the questions you have to ask ... Some of the answers you 're going to hear ... it can get pretty ugly . Meghan was pretty upfront about that . Still , it 's gotta be better than prison . I must say , the perks are pretty good . I get an apartment , a nice salary , health insurance , even a clothing allowance . And let 's not forget eric and ralph . Or is it ralph and eric ? I 'm sure you 'll figure it out . Their job is to make sure i show up wherever i need to be . Knowing me , it won 't be as easy as it sounds . You think i 'm gonna screw this up , don 't you ? April , maybe the question you should be asking me is If i want you to succeed , and the answer is a definite yes . Well , i 'll try not to let either one of us down . And i promise to call or email and let you know how i 'm doing . So ... when are you leaving ? You know , for spain , or wherever you guys decide ? I 'm not leaving . I 'm staying right here in seattle . Did i just say that ? Does ben know ? No.I hadn 't realized it until just now . You 're gonna have to tell him . Yeah . I 'm really happy for both of you . * * * But we 're not leaving this table until we 've made a decision . Are we living in france or spain ? Neither . Diana ? Don 't hate me , ben.Please. Oh , god ... i quit work.I went to spain . I tried.I really tried . But i belong here . With tom , and with ntac , the search for collier . I 'm a part of that . My daughter 's a part of that . And now my sister is , too . So what happens to us ? We go back to our own lives ? Back to our work ? What , see each other a few days a month ? For now . We could have so much more , diana . Maia said that we 'd get married . And maia 's never wrong . Well , i hope not . Me too . The lab report you asked for . The one and only copy . Samples came back positive for promicin . Someone 's definitely walking around with an ability . Thanks , marco . " When the chosen have taken the elixir " and proved their faith in the messiah , " Then all will follow in their wake . " Only then will the father reveal his true face , and paradise and the world will be as one . " I think that 's a pretty accurate translation . The elixir , that 's gotta be promicin . And we know collier 's supposed to be the messiah . And the father ? I don 't know.God , i guess ? - But who are the chosen ? - Flip the page . It 's a list of names . Yeah.200 in all.And most of them you 'll recognize . Politicians , scientists , athletes ... these people , they 're all alive today . - But this book was written 85 years ago . - I know . All right , so all these people have to take the shot ? And that 's supposed to influence more and more people to do the same , right ? Until what ? Everyone has an ability ? Those who survive , anyway . And that 's when god 's supposed to show up ? I think you 'd better look at the last name . TOM BALDWIN * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
