 My name is Jane Vasco . I could use you on my team . I work for a secret government agency that hunts neuros . People who can do dangerous things with their minds . On my first assignment ... Something a little weird happened , okay , something really weird . Until I get some answers i 'm getting on with my life , doing my job . Stocking up on aspirin , because let me tell ya , pain 's a bitch ! And we 're very pleased to announce that the rent committee has raised another $ 1,500 toward the community center swimming pool . Plans for the charity picnic next sunday are well underway and we are expecting a significant turn out . Sheriff Farber , I think you have a few words . Thanks mayor . Hey folks . We 've noticed an increase in parking violations , especially in front of miller 's pharmacy . Now we know most of you are just runnin ' in to pick up a last minute item but we do have a hydrant there and we need to keep it clear . Just in case . We appreciate your cooperation . Thank you , sheriff . So the next meeting will be next thursday at 3 : 00 . We 'll see you then . Ever wonder how to restore those stained pots and pans i 'm going to show you some simple techniques , simply by using things you have ... I 'm surprised to get a visit from the fbi , agent Kearny , but it 's very upsetting to have susan leave town the way she did without a word to anyone . That 's not like her at all . And you haven 't heard from her . Not since last saturday . When she left town . Tollhouse cookies . Have to keep an eye on them . And you have no idea why she left or where she may have gone . No . I was as surprised as anyone else . But you 're not worried . Worried ? About susan ? Oh , my gosh , no . Should i be ? I mean did something happen to her ? Mrs. Meyers . I have records here indicating that susan shaw called your house at least six times after she left fair oaks . Really ? Well that 's odd , isn 't it ? You didn 't take those phone calls ? No , not that i rember . There 's also one here made from your house to susan 's cell phone . I 'm sure it 's nothing . Probably one of those phone company mix-ups . I 'm afraid , mrs . Meyers , that i don 't believe you 're being completely honest with me . If i have to ... I can take you in for questioning . Goodness . I really think you should check with the phone company . Oh , cookies . It wasn 't too long ago that " meals-for-one " were a staple in my kitchen . It wasn 't too long ago that no one was stealing the blankets . Until a few months ago , i had nothing to do after dinner but clean up , read a book and go to bed . I didn 't have to fight for mirror space to get ready for work . I never reached for the wrong toothbrush . There was never a wet towel on the floor , socks or underwear to pick up . But for all of that , brian has made this now-crowded shower of mine the best way i can think of to start my day . Besides ... " Meals-for-one " suck . I really have to get to work ! You want to get there clean , don 't you ? I see . You 're just trying to help . Of course . Doesn 't this help ? - Oh yeah it helps ! - Yeah ? But i 'm not gonna get to work on time . Oh well I can stop now . Not now you can 't ! Too late . You 're going to be in trouble . I like getting in trouble . Fair oaks . Population 3,600 . Six schools , twelve churches . Juvenile delinquency , zero . Drugs and alcohol problems , zero . Crime rate , zero . Sounds like a travelogue . Sounds like a lie . Have some faith . I do . In what i know . Over the last two years four of the locals have gone missing . When interviewed , no one in fair oaks seems to know anything about anything . Riley . Alan carmody left for work on a tuesday morning and never got to work . Nobody 's seen him since . Kevin loomis was due home from a business trip eighteen months ago , but once again he never showed up . Flight records indicate that he was on the flight . Susan shaw . Housewife . Apparently , she liked to take regular pilgrimages into the city ... However on one excursions she didn 't come back home . Then there 's this guy , paul barnes . He 's been missing for two days I 'm still working on it . Looks like cynicism wins out . Brains don 't i 'm an optimist . I know people are dirt and they never let me down . Two days ago , the feds sent an agent to conduct interviews . Riley ... Fbi agent shane kearny . Missing ? You got it . Even with all this ... What about it spells neuro ? Transcripted interviews from law enforcement . A lot of upstanding citizens from fair oaks saying the same things . I saw nothing , i know nothing . Everything about this fits the neuro profile . And then there 's this . Pulled this up off the net . A kid named danny miller . He blogs just outside of fair oaks at this internet cafe . " It 's like that movie ... " Everyone in this stupid town seems like pod people . " My parents used to go at each other " like world class wrestling . " Since we moved to fair oaks , it 's all kisses , " smiles and do your homework . " Trust me , the moment i can get some cash together ... " I am out of there . " that was his last one . He 's bring a half a dozen just like this . How old is he ? 15 . Who doesn 't feel that way at 15 ? ... My dad made it seem like he never was a kid . I used to sneak out of the house all the time . In your skivvies ? The point is , something ain 't right in fair oaks . I think it best if you interviewed Danny Miller when he 's out of town . According to riley he hangs out at the internet cafe in the city . This house just came on the market in fair oaks . What do you say , maureen , interested in buying a house . Wow , that 's so sudden . Don 't you think you should at least buy me dinner first ? Let 's roll , people . It 's just perfect here in fair oaks , it really is . As you can see , the morning light is terrific , it 's got plenty of room to grow . And it 's the right price . Well , It is very nice . Howdy . You folks looking to buy ? We 're thinking about it . Whereabouts you from ? Glenville . Well that 's a nice place . What brings to fair oaks ? Just looking for a little more room . I see . Well , this is a great place to bring up kids . Good schools . No crime . Heck , i shot the last person i caught littering . Well , good luck Thank you . What do you think ? I like it . Honey ? I don 't know , seems a little small . All empty houses seem small at first . Once you get them furnished , it makes a world of difference . I don 't know . He doesn 't know . If you 'd like , we can see the meyers house . They have a very similar layout . It might help if you could see what it looks like when it 's more lived in . Why don 't we ? They meyers , let 's go meet them . Right this way . You won 't find a cleaner , safer , more welcoming and friendly neighborhood than we have right here . Man ... I can 't believe you guys were reading my blog . That 's so cool . This really gonna be in a magazine ? That depends . We 'd like to hear a little bit more about fair oaks . You mean " zombieville . " scary place , huh ? Totally freaked out . It 's like everyone there is always trying to be so perfect and happy all the time . Only i don 't think that they are . Your parents know how you feel ? Yeah , they know . I 'm like the town weirdo . They won 't even let me watch any regular tv . What do you mean ? They 've got this stupid town channel . It 's on like all day long . You want to talk about boring and weird . What do they show ? Who knows . I won 't watch it . A lot of stupid people talking about what 's going on in town . Picnics and sack races and a lot of other braindead crap . You ever see that movie , " invasion of the body snatchers ? " great flick . Yeah , great . Until you have to live there . Jack and i have never been happier . It really is a wonderful place to live . Your house is lovely . Thank you for having us . Thank you . I 'm still not sure about the blinds in the kitchen , but oh , well ... What is it that you do , mr . Rhodes ? I work for the government . He 's an accountant . Oh , i see . Is there a restroom i can use . Just down the hall , to the left . Thank you . I was never very good with numbers . I leave all that to jack . This room over here is my favourite room , this is the dining room . We entertain an awful lot in here . We have great big parties . It looked like a hole from a 9 millimeter , guess they didn 't have time to cover their tracks . I ran a background check on the meyers . Clean . Or just " painted over " like the rest of the town . What 's your read on danny miller ? He 's a kid . Like to get into some trouble but can 't seem to find any . You ever meet a happy teenager ? The thing is , we 're not going to be able to investigate this from the outside . All of a sudden i started to have a bad feeling about this . I knew exactly where andre were going . He knew that he and maureen were going to be rejected by the fair oaks home owners committee , he needed another couple to buy the house . Mr. And mrs . Connor king , that has a nice ring to it . Shoot me now . Wouldn 't do any good , you 'd just heal . Good luck kids . Have fun . And also , remember to get those bulbs and seeds planted early . Judging from the greens and garden centre will take place the first week of june . So let 's get those little green thumbs out there busy . There are still openings for the volunteer ... I 'll be in my room . Danny . We hardly get to see you anymore . I got stuff to do , mom . Just come sit with me for a moment . It won 't kill you . Man , that stuff is so boring . Five minutes . For your mom ? I was starting to forget what you look like . We 're pleased to announce that the teen rec center will re-open this coming tuesday night . There will be a free swim period followed by a spirited discussion on " community spirit ... How you can help . " we 'd like to thank the hopkes , thompsons and millers for their very generous contribution to the new addition . Thank you . Ever wonder how to get stale , unpleasant odors out of the house ? Well , here 's a way to keep your house smelling garden fresh without using artificial chemicals . The town council gave us the final thumbs up . I guess it 's home sweet home . Do you want me to carry you across the threshold ? Trust me i crossed the threshold when i took this assignment . Just so you know , i sleep on the left . No . You sleep in the den . I didn 't know you guys were moving in . Well , we didn 't find it as creepy as you did . Cool . Are you still putting my story in your magazine ? Just because ... Something wrong ? Well , some of the stuff i said mighta sounded kinda creepy . I was in a pretty bad mood . Well , it didn 't sound as if you were very happy here . I know . But now that i 've gotten to know some of the kids and stuff , it 's not that bad , really . You 're liking it better . Actually , i like it a whole lot . We 've got a new rec center with a pool and everything . It 's really pretty cool here . You 'll find out . I 'll see you at the picnic on sunday . It 's gonna be tons of fun . I ran some background on the missing persons . Kevin loomis was a contractor . Seems he wanted to buy a chunk of fair oaks in order to build low income housing . Somehow i can 't see that . Apparently , susan shaw made regular trips into the city to meet a regular boyfriend . She was married , wasn 't she ? Something else that doesn 't quite fit the fair oaks image of a happy community . Something happened to turn danny miller around . It was like talking to a different kid . The question is why . So what do we have here ? A neuro who wants to keep things nice and ... Tidy ? And is willing to kill to keep it that way . Fair oaks is a good four square miles . Hard for a neuro to maintain proximity over that distance . I 'm running satellite surveillance , sweeping the area for everything i can think of . Water samples , air samples , you name it . What 's your call ? We need more answers . You were there first . Are you sure ? It 's the last piece . Yeah , yeah , i 'll take the gouda . Connor prefers it anyway . You 're the new people . Yes . Jane dawns . Jennifer meyers . Welcome to fair oaks . Thank you . I 've been meaning to stop by and personally welcome you . No problem . With all the moving in ... It 's been quite hectic . Well , when you feel settled , jack and i would love to have you over for dinner . That would be very nice . Thank you . Say , do you know susan shaw ? Yes . How do you know susan ? Susan was a teacher of mine back in college . We hadn 't spoken for awhile but last i heard she 'd moved to fair oaks . Yes . Susan and paul moved to fair oaks about two years ago . So is it ... True what i heard ? What 's that ? Well , you know That susan ran off with another man . Susan ? No , i don 't know anything about that . And i don 't believe it . Well , it 's just what i heard . Probably gossip . I wouldn 't know . Anyway , nice to meet you , jane . I look forward to getting to know you better . Thank you , likewise . Yeah , we heard that you and the missus moved in . What do you think ? It 's nice . Love it . Great place . Nice parks . Good schools . We 're hoping to start a family . Well , you couldn 't have picked a better place or a better woman . She 's a looker . She sure is . I 'd better grab that . You 're all ready to go . Looks like a bad one . Engine caught on fire . Owner got out , though , just fine . That 's good to know . 70 bucks . This is a nice town . Nice people . Mostly keep to themselves . Mind their own business . That 's good . Some of these small towns ... Everybody tends to know what everyone else is up to . Guess i 'll be seeing you around . Thanks . Just ran the vin on that burned out car . It 's registered to the feds . Shane kearny ? The missing agent ? I 'll comm riley in the morning . You noticed how all the friendly people in this town aren 't all that friendly ? The smiles don 't run very deep . How can you watch that garbage ? You want your laundry coming out springtime fresh , don 't you ? It really is abominable . ... You 'd be surprised how easy this is and what could be nicer than a sparkling fresh , shiny clean bathroom . What could be nicer ? Riley . Riley ? You watching test patterns now ? What 's up , boss ? How are those background checks going ? Yes . Well , up until about four years ago , fair oaks seemed like a pretty normal place . A little after that is when people started disappearing . I 'm trying to narrow down a list of people that moved in around that time . Sounds like a pretty long list . I 'll try to pare it down to " most likely 's . " Connor check in ? Not since this afternoon . Might be good idea to raise him on the comm . - I 'll keep trying . - Good boy . Stay off the test patterns . Man , that smells great ! Come and get it while it 's still hot . Pancakes , my favorite . I know , silly . That 's why i made them . C 'mere . I 've been a real bugger , haven 't i ? I think it 's just your natural charm . Did it ever occur to you that i 've just been pulling your pigtails ? Yup . I 'm sorry . No excuse for acting like a jerk . What do you think ? Best i ever had . Come here ! You 're beautiful , you know that ? Why thank you , sir . You are not so bad yourself . Think you could get used to this ? Pancakes ? Hell , yeah . No , this . A normal life . Never had one . The truth ? It 's not that bad . No one on the team ever talks about or even thinks much about their personal lives . Do you ever think about settling down ? Getting married ? Raising a family ? Not until recently . I guess when you see how the " other half lives , " it gives you perspective on what you 're missing . What ? Just you and me , this . It feels right . Think we should put this in our report ? Somehow i don 't think andre would understand . What he doesn 't know won 't hurt him . You found anything out of ordinary ? Wish i could say we did , boss . What about jennifer meyers ? I spoke to her . Honestly , I don 't think she knows any more about susan shaw 's disappearance than she 's saying . Or the bullet hole in her living room . How do you know it wasn 't just a misplaced hole from a picture hook ? Look , as weird as the place seems , Don 't you think as cops , we start to get a jaded take on things ? All we ever see 's the dark side . We come across some place nice and decent and first thing we think is , " something 's gotta be wrong . " There is something wrong ! There are three missing people and a missing federal agent . We 're working on it . We just haven 't found anything yet . Between you and me . I 'm a little jealous that jane got this assignment . You shouldn 't be . Jane 's a good woman and a good agent . And it 's just work . You telling me You 're gonna be much longer ? Just finishing up with the dishes . Damn ! What do you think about new curtains in the kitchen ? Sure , fine . That sounds great . Hon , dinner was fantastic . Glad you enjoyed that . So guess who 's in charge of side dishes and condiments at the rent committee picnic ? Congratulations . It 's gonna be great . We 're gonna throw a barbecue like no one ever saw . Well , sounds like a lot of fun . You know what else would be fun ? When you finish these dishes if you met me upstairs . I will . Just give me a few minutes . Don 't keep daddy waiting . What do you got ? I think I might have figured out how the neuro 's able to operate over such a large area . How 's that ? Don 't you think you ought to tell me just how valuable i am to the team ? Riley , have i ever told you how valuable you are to this team . I know i give you grief ... We couldn 't run this operation without you . What the hell just happened ? Yeah , boss , i love you too . I was running an ultrasonic frequency that seems to affect the alpha region of the brain . Makes people very receptive to suggestion . Alright ... I 'm listening . I was running some tests on the local community channel bandwidth . Every house in fair oaks is receiving this frequency . But you had to give me that suggestion verbally ... In person . True . But i 'm not a neuro . You put a neuro together with this frequency , in theory , the range of their power could be unlimited . Proximity 's no longer an issue . Not for this one . Something else ... The longer you 're exposed to it the deeper it 'll take root . Meaning ? Something like drugs . Recreational at first but after awhile ... You might be willing to kill for it . I 've got my rent committee meeting later on today . Probably won 't be home too late . Miss me ? Counting the minutes . Alright , bye , hon . Hey , guys , look it 's me , i don 't know what 's going on here i can 't explain it . Maybe because i heal more quickly than connor . Have you been watching the community channel ? It 's on quite a bit , yes . Not last night , though . Why ? Just a theory we 're working on . In the meantime , i suggest you turn the damn thing off . What 've you got ? We found the federal agent , shane kearny 's car ... We didn 't report that . And mo was right about that bullet hole . Any suspects ? At this point , it could be anyone . My guess would be Someone on the town council . Someone in a position to make the rules , call the shots . Riley have anything ? I 've got a list of people who moved into fair oaks since the incidents began . It 's not as short as i 'd like . Do what you can . In the meantime , i 'll try to get some samples from the most likely suspects . Jane ... How 's connor ? I don 't know . He doesn 't seem quite as far gone as the others . That 'll change over time . I wouldn 't let him know what you 're up to . Got it . I 'll get to work on collecting samples , you arrange for a drop . No , no , no , better let me contact you . Forgot my jacket . Later hon . What do you think ? I don 't know . Have to wait and see what she comes up with . Geeze ! Connor 's busy with the picnic . I don 't have much time . You have the samples ? I 'll need a chip gun if any of those test positive . Too risky . If connor finds it ... I see . And you 're not that sure about me . We 'll run the tests . - I 'll let you know . - Andre ... It 's definitely a positive . Who is it ? The mayor . Roger bischoff . How can you help ? The mayor ? I 'll get hold of jane . She knows we 're on our way . She 'll run interference . Connor ? Right now , connor is not on our side . Look , even if you chip this guy ... I don 't know how quickly his influence will last especially if that station 's still transmitting . Can you do something about it ? I can short out the grid that powers the transmitter . But here 's the catch . Power company 's backup will kick in as soon as they pick up on the interruption . Can you block it ? Yeah , if i had a couple of days . Right now , i can bring the transmitter down . But only for about 16 minutes . That 's your window . We 've gotta roll . Jane 's expecting us at 2100 . Well , that 's all done . I think i 'm going to take a walk and get some air . Did you really think it was going to work ? What are you talking about ? You . Betraying the town . And me . And if you think those DNA samples are going to do any good , they won 't . Did a little bait and switch . You 're the talk of the town , jane . Doesn 't seem you have too many friends left . The mayor works late . I 'm sure he 's very dedicated . Something tells me i 've got a better chance at getting close to him . It 's not skill . Just something i was born with . No sign of jane . We can 't wait . You 've got 16 minutes . I 'll be right behind you . Riley . Take it down , now ! Excuse me . Hi . Hi . Can i help you ? I have taken a wrong turn somewhere and can 't find a gas station that is open . Where did you want to go ? Calumet . I thought i was supposed to turn south on the interstate you wanted to go ... Fifteen east . I 'm going to mark it on the map here , it 's about 15-20 minutes . Thank you . If i could get my pen to work . You think the mayor 's office would have a pen that worked . Hold it ! I wouldn 't do that if i were you , sheriff . Just put it down . This might change your mind . Connor found out . Where 's mo ? The mayor tested positive . It 's not the mayor , connor switched the samples . Mo ! Hand me that gun ! Slowly . Now , picnic 's not til the day after tomorrow . But i 'm sure , in a little while , you 'll be eager to attend . Let 's go . Mo , mo ... But I ... . I chipped him . The world is a decaying , rotten place , mr . Mcbride . Full of criminals , liars , adulterers and filth . In fair oaks , we 've shut all of that out . We live well here . People are happy . It 's a nice place . Your version of nice . Well , isn 't it always someone 's version . And frankly , i prefer mine . No matter how many people you have to kill along the way . For the greater good . I 'm sure you 're familiar with the concept . If you 're thinking on leaving ... Well , I do believe you 'll have a change of heart very soon . Seeing as we 're having some problems with our broadcast facility , i 'll have to extend my invitation personally . Come on , boss , it 'll all be over in a second . I ... Don 't even say a word . You were close enough to chip that woman . Yes , i was . Maureen and i met the first day of academy orientation . I was wearing jeans and combat boots , while she was sporting this versace strapless and ... ferregamo stilettos . The first thing i thought was how inappropriately she was dressed for a career in law enforcement . And secondly I noticed how much more attention the ... instructor was giving her than me . We were opposites in every way Which is why , of course , the ... the E.A made us a team . But the weird thing is it worked . She turned out to be one tough chick Who had my back and I had hers . worked out good . until one day it didn 't I can 't say that we were really friends but in some ways It went a lot deeper than that . I mean ... How often ... do you trust your life , to a friend ? I 've trustedmy life to Maureen every day . and when she died , she was part of the team that had her back too we did our best all of us . She knew that . We 'll miss her . I 'll really miss her . There was a time when , all I 'd wanted is to go home lock the doors , close the blinds , and be left alone . No one in my face , asking me if I wanted to talk about it . No one watching me with care , and concern in their eyes . No one to feel sorry for , except myself . A lot has changed . Right now , I don 't want to be alone at all .
