 The 4400 Season 4 Episode 06 the world will have to deal with us . previously on the 4400 ... [ lenhoff ] : you are the alternative we need to collier and his promicin-pushing radicals . does that mean you 'll run for city council ? that means i 'm going to run and i 'm going to win . i intend on attacking you right up until the day of the election . there are a lot of people out there that are afraid of what you represent . i have my eye on something greater than just city council . [ shawn ] : you hate all the 4400 . [ hewitt ] : so what if i do ? [ shawn ] : i believe that you 're capable of terrible things , and that you have an evil living inside of you . i 'm supposed to eliminate the 4400 . all this talk of a catastrophe the 4400 are supposed to prevent ? it 's lies . so you keep tellin . everything in that book is going to come true . collier will lead the human race to salvation . you will help him . i found the guy for the job . his name 's robert shaftoe . ex-marine . dead-eye sniper . he did some work for organization out of kansas city . if you want someone killed until they 're completely dead , then shaftoe 's your man . sounds good . bring him in . are you sure you want to go through with this ? because once i bring shaftoe through that door , there 's no going back . the target is a dead man . completely . oh , my god . come on , the acting , the dialogue ... this is horrendous . marco , why are we watching this ? just , shh-shh ... okay , the best part 's coming up . the assignment is dangerous . in fact , it might be the most dangerous assignment you 've ever been assigned , but if you succeed , the danger will be worth it . and the rewards ? they will be worth the danger . danger is my business . consider the target dead . completely dead . that 's our guy . that 's curtis peck . he 's an original recipe 4400 . correction , he 's our favorite original recipe 4400 . before he disappeared , curtis wrote , directed , and starred in horror movies . okay , real low-budget stuff . you know , the sets were mostly in his house . the actors ? yeah , pretty much just his friends and family . really ? i never would have guessed . after he came back , curtis kept on making movies , but he shifted genres . each one of his movies is about an unsolved mystery . he did one about jimmy hoffa 's disappearance . he filmed a costume drama in his backyard about the lost colonies at roanoke . you just saw his take on jfk 's assassination . that 's great , marco . i 'm glad this guy has a hobby . it 's not just a hobby . some people think that making these films is curtis 's 4400 ability . come on , guys , you 're not telling us that that movie tells us what really happened to president kennedy ? look , there 's no way to know for sure , but , i mean , there really is an ex-marine named robert shaftoe , and he really was in dallas on november 22,1963 . you can 't prove curtis is right , but you also can 't deny that his theories are compelling . okay , some people want to think everything is a conspiracy , and i 'm sure that this guy is really appealing to them , but , marco , we 've got a lot of stuff on our plate , and we just don 't have time to look into something that might be a 4400 ability . don 't think i could sit through another one of those movies . whoa , whoa , look . we didn 't ask you down here to tell you about his ability . curtis disappeared . nobody can find him . about 10 days ago , he stopped posting on his myspace page . we noticed , so we tried to get in touch with him . he 's not picking up the phone . he 's not answering emails . i know , i know , no big deal , right ? i mean , i wasn 't really worried until he missed his last ntac check-in . curtis peck has dropped off the map . somebody should look into it . what is this place ? i don 't know . cassie just said we should come here . i think it 's an old bomb shelter . we should be safe here . it doesn 't look like anyone 's been here in years . i don 't understand why we came to seattle . we just led a hundred people into a city where everyone 's looking for us . nobody has a place to stay . nobody knows what to do next . are you telling me this is the answer ? this place is a mess . we 'll repair it . thank you for finding this for us . you have a truly extraordinary ability . get everyone settled in . this place is perfect . we begin here . okay , how much you want to bet we 're about to wake up a man with a crushing hangover ? curtis ! curtis peck ! curtis peck ? oh , wow ... you think someone broke into the place ? maybe , or else this guy 's as bad at housekeeping as he is at making movies . it doesn 't look like anything 's missing . all his video equipment is just sitting here . yeah . are you looking for curtis ? yes , we are . we 're from ntac . do you know him ? of course . i 'm neal handler . i live around back . i 'm curtis ' neighbor . okay . and his collaborator . i 'm proud to say i 've been in more of his movies than anyone else . yeah , yeah , we 've ... we 've seen your work . thank you . i haven 't seen curtis in a few days . is he all right ? well , that 's what we 're trying to find out . do you know if curtis had any enemies , or anyone who might want to break into his house ? enemies ? take your pick . the cia , the mafia . the freemasons . curtis exposed a lot of people . so you , uh ... you believe his movies are real ? of course . that 's why they brought him back in a ball of light ... to tell the truth to a reluctant world ! i 'll tell you what , though , if someone did toss this place , i can guarantee you they didn 't find what they were looking for . curtis has ... a secret hiding place . he keeps his journal in there . all his script notes . could you show it to us ? we just want to help out your friend , that 's all . we really like his movies , too . i mean , we saw the one on jfk , and it was ... good . you were really good . okay . yeah , it 's here . here . curtis uses those for inspiration . ah ... if you 're watching this , then that means i 'm in trouble . deep trouble . don 't believe anything you hear about a car accident or a suicide . if i 'm gone , it 's because they came after me . i have an idea for a new movie . it 's big . it 's so big , it 's going to change everything if i get to make it , and that 's what they 're scared of . that 's them . they 're here now . you need to know , jordan collier , the 4400 ... they 're not the ones you should be scared of . there 's something else out there , there 's something worse , it 's much worse , and they 're coming for me now . * so long ago , another life * * i can feel your heart beat * * it 's not a dream remember us * * i can see it in your eyes * * we 'll find our place in time * * our place in time beyond the sun * * we 'll find our place in time * * our place in time to call our own * ... consider the target dead . completely dead . according to curtis , jimmy hoffa was buried in the florida everglades . if you really believe that , you should read this . i ran a background check on curtis . he owes money to credit card companies , the irs . he 's three years behind on his alimony payments . i talked to his ex-wife . she said she moved to wisconsin just to get away from curtis . she hasn 't heard from him in nine months . look , if anybody 's coming after this guy , it should be creditors , or movie critics . but he has almost six figures of outstanding debt . isn 't it possible he just skipped town ? i don 't know . he looked genuinely scared at the end of that video we found , and i don 't think curtis is a good enough actor to fake that . besides ... if making movies is really his 4400 ability , don 't you want to know what 's out there that 's bigger than jordan collier ? well , until we have evidence that tells me this guy 's legit , all i want to do is make sure he 's okay . look at the credits . ever since curtis got back , his movies have been produced by a guy called stuart henley . i checked him out . he 's a retired lawyer . he lives nearby . now , maybe he 'd know something about curtis ' latest movie idea . it 's worth a shot . at the very least , i 'd like to look into the eyes of the man who put up good money to pay for " i dismembered jimmy hoffa . " no , i don 't think that my announcement that i intend to run for mayor will mean that i 'll be spending less time monitoring shawn farrell 's candidacy . if anything , i think that the mayor 's office would allow me a stronger platform with which to oppose him ... mr. farrell ? this just came by messenger . thank you. joanna ? we 're going to be working together every day . you can call me shawn . okay . okay ? hello ? hey , shawn . it 's kyle . kyle ... where are you ? i 've been worried about you . oh , i 'm fine , man . i 'm better than fine , actually . i 'm as good as i 've been in a long time . did you get the package ? you sent this ? we did . look , it 's really important , man . you need to read the whole thing before your meeting . what meeting , kyle ? jordan 's nearby . he wants to see you . you 're with jordan ? what does he want to see me about ? look , it 's important , okay ? call me on this number after you finish the book . we 'll send someone to come get you . [ knocking ] mr. henley ? i can hear a radio playing inside , and i swear i heard someone moving around . mr. henley ! he 's back here . hey ! hey ! stuart henley , wait ! hey ! hey ! hey ! just wait ! i promise i won 't tell anybody ! don 't kill me ! just relax , henley . nobody 's going to kill you . we 're from ntac . we 're just trying to locate curtis peck . you won 't find him . they got to him . who are they ? why 'd you run from us ? what are you so scared of ? the people from curtis ' movie , " the marked . " that 's the name of his movie ? can you tell us about it ? well , about a month ago , he came to me , said he had an idea for a new movie , called " the marked . " he said it was his biggest film yet . i was fascinated , so i asked him to make me a short trailer . i like to see what the movie 's about before i write a check . well , he gave me the trailer about two weeks ago . do you still have a copy ? oh , yeah , and you 're more than welcome to it , because ... if what curtis is saying is true , then i wish to god i had never watched it . this is the world . look familiar ? it should , and it shouldn 't . we all know it changed forever when the 4400 came back . their mission ? they were sent back by the future to stop a catastrophe , but not everyone from the future thought they were a good thing . there 's a faction of elites who want the future to stay exactly as it is . i call them ... the marked . 10 agents from the future , inserted into the bodies of 10 prominent people from today . their bodies and minds have been hijacked to pursue the agenda of the future . their goal ? to guide world events and to stop the 4400 . the only evidence they exist ? a mark behind their left earlobe , the remnant of the procedure that grafted a new consciousness onto their victims . my movie , " the marked , " will tell the chilling tale of this global conspiracy . it will name names , starting with the appearance of the first marked , a man named matthew ross . matthew ross was a lobbyist with access to jordan collier . after he was marked , his job was to guide the marked 's ultimate weapon , isabelle tyler , into accepting her role as the agent of the 4400 's destruction . isabelle , i told you . you have to accept your role as the agent of the 4400 's destruction . but everything did not go according to plan . i don 't think so , matthew . today 's graduation day , and you 're ... my diploma . but the marked do not accept defeat lying down . they continue to plan . they have their greedy fingers on the marionette strings of the world , and we , their puppets , don 't even know it . [ conspirators whispering ] the group gathered for the first time at the behest of drew imroth . that 's right . the ceo of the biggest software company in the world is one of the marked . i know it 's dangerous for us all to meet like this , but the information i have is important , very , very important . it better be important , mr. imroth . it 's easter . do you know how hard it is to get away from the vatican at easter ? take it down a notch , your eminence . i have big news . jordan collier is back , and we need to stop him ... completely stop him . " the marked . " a direct market thriller available in all territories in 2008 . i am so buying that movie . so either that 's the ramblings of a madman , or curtis peck has just exposed the biggest conspiracy of all time . according to that movie , matthew ross was one of these guys , the marked , and isabelle tyler killed him . and we always wondered if that were true . what about imroth ? i mean , the ceo of ubient software is supposed to be some kind of double agent from the future ? everyone always says that company is trying to take over the world . now we know it 's true . the only thing we know for sure is that curtis peck is a horrible , horrible film-maker . though , i do have to admit , there are a bunch of questions i 'd like to ask him , but since he 's in the wind , i guess we 'll have to settle for his producer . get stuart henley in here . mr. henley , it 's diana skouris from ntac . we need to talk . can you open up ? diana ... it smells like exhaust . stand back . in the coroner 's preliminary report . stuart henley died of carbon monoxide poisoning . there 's no suicide note , but there 's no sign of foul play either . so ... do you really think he committed suicide ? henley was an odd guy . i mean , he 'd have to be to pay for curtis ' movies , so i guess it 's possible . but i don 't know , the timing seems off . why would he commit suicide right after ntac got in touch with him ? so , what then ? executed by the marked ? i 'm not ready to go there yet . yeah , me neither , but i ... i got a lot of questions . you know drew imroth is in that movie . well , ubient 's based in seattle . maybe we can get in and see him tomorrow morning . and ask him what exactly ? oh , i got it , " excuse me . " when you 're not running " the biggest computer company in the world , " are you by any chance involved in an enormous intercontinental conspiracy ? " maybe . or maybe we could just ask him whether curtis peck ever tried to get in touch with him . sounds good . i 'll see tomorrow . okay what , you 're not going home ? no , not for a while . meghan asked me to put all this in an email . i told her i 'd get it off to her tonight . want a hand ? no , i got it . go ahead . spend a little time with your daughter while she 's still awake . thanks . good night. bye ! we appreciate you taking the time to meet with us , mr. imroth . it 's really not a problem . i 'm a huge supporter of ntac . you guys have tough jobs . please , have a seat . i only wish i could be more helpful . i 've never heard of this guy . you said his name was curtis peck ? yeah , that 's right. he 's a ... he 's a 4400 who ... who makes movies , and you , well , you 're a character in his latest film . really ? who plays me ? i always hoped it would be jeff goldblum . it 's more of a low-budget kind of thing . ah ... what 's it about ? well , it 's interesting . it 's ... it 's creative . it 's a global conspiracy in which agents from the future have taken over the bodies of prominent people from all around the world . wow . i have to say , i 'm the subject of a lot of conspiracy theories , but that 's the most innovative one i 've heard yet . so , are you here to ask me if it 's true ? because you have to figure i wouldn 't tell you even if it was . no , actually , we came to see you because curtis peck has gone missing , and there 's a chance one of his investors may have been murdered . oh , i 'm sorry to hear that . should i be worried for my own safety ? no , we don 't think so , but if curtis should try and get in touch with you , or if anyone should ask you about a movie called " the marked , " could you get in touch with us ? absolutely . thank you . is there anything else i can help you with ? uh , actually ... this may seem like a really strange request . do you think we could take a look behind your left earlobe ? let me guess , this has something to do with that movie . have at it . has that mole always been there ? ever since i was born . my dermatologist tells me i have to keep an eye on it . so give it to me straight . does this mean i 'm one of the ... what was the name of that movie ? " the marked ? " kyle , what 's with all the spy game stuff here ? am i really this far outside of the collier circle of trust ? it 's just a precaution . i need you to promise me that you 're not going to freak out , okay ? i would just like to take this thing off , please . hi , shawn . what the hell is she doing here ? she 's with us . it 's okay . she wanted to talk to you before you saw jordan . i 'm glad you 're awake ... and i 'm sorry . for everything . i know i was wrong , and i know what we had wasn 't love . yeah , you 're right , it wasn 't . i don 't expect you to forgive me ... ever ... but i just needed you to hear it . well , there 's no one so far gone they can 't find their way back to the movement . even if i told the world that you were wrong to hand out promicin ? wasn 't surprised they had you speak against me . politics is compromise . that 's why i never pursued it myself . i understand that you are wanting to build a bridge between positives and the rest of the world , but , shawn , i 'm telling you , events are moving past that . we have big plans here , and when we 're finished , the 4400 won 't need the mainstream . the mainstream will come to us . is that what your book told you ? i 've read it . frankly , it scares me . are you saying that you 're going to bring god to the world ? if the word " god " frightens you , substitute " paradise . " we 're going to make it happen , shawn . you should be here with us . yes , but who 's in charge of paradise ? how many martyrs will it take to create it ? jordan , you 've done great things for the 4400 . you have done great things for me , but you are on the wrong path here . and you have always been rebellious . but i think you 're afraid of change , shawn , or it is just me ? i 'm against anyone who wants to accumulate power that won 't tell me exactly what they want to do with it . not just you , anyone . there 's a man by the name of gabriel hewitt . he 's running for mayor . he 's dangerous . maia skouris saw him in a vision . he 's in charge of prison camps , and they 're rounding up 4400s . even if i wanted to even if i wanted to join you , i can 't , because i have to stop him . well , it sounds like you have your hands full already . good luck in your political career . i 'm sorry . i don 't know , but that birthmark behind imroth 's ear ? it was definitely shaped like an " x " . it was weird , yes , but it could be a coincidence . we 're looking for a paranoid 4400 . that doesn 't mean we have to become paranoid ourselves- - tom , this man is here to see you . my name 's walt saperstein . i 'm a psychiatrist at feeney memorial . okay ... i have instructions to bring you to the hospital . you 're being placed under a 72-hour psychiatric hold . what ? why ? you sent an email last night . it alleged some of the most powerful people in the world are united in some kind of conspiracy . oh , no , it didn 't allege anything . it 's a summary of our work on a case . well , nevertheless , someone in washington read it . they 've reviewed your files . they 're worried you 've had a psychotic break- - shut up. you sent my email on to d.c. ? i do that every time we open a case . i 'm sorry . i never would have done it if i knew this was going to happen . get your hands off me ! tom , it 's only going to get worse for you if you put up a fight . it 's only temporary . you need to go with them . we 'll do everything we can to end this quickly . fine . well , i don 't understand . what do you mean that no one can get in to see him ? well , how long is tom going to be in isolation ? okay , forget it . i 'll call back in the morning . don 't move . what are you doing down here ? don 't shoot me . i 'm the one you 're looking for . curtis ? you 're alive . i am . if you can keep me that way , i 'll tell you all about the marked . so how did you find me ? i 've been in hiding ever since i made that movie trailer . i knew they 'd be coming for me . my buddy , neal , sent me an email after you and your partner came by my house . he thought i could trust you . what can you tell me about these people ? well , not everything . i haven 't finished writing the script . that 's how my ability works . ideas just jump into my head while i 'm writing , but i don 't know the whole story until i write the end . let 's see , they don 't have abilities . the procedure doesn 't work that way . i do know that all 10 of them had a meeting in 2005 . that was the only time they were all together . it was in tunis . that 's a city in north africa . no other names other than drew imroth ? not yet . that 's why i came to you . i need a safe place where i can write . you 're a fan of my movies . cool . yeah , i 've seen them all . uh , it 's a pleasure to have you here . yeah , you can work right there if you want . thank you so much , marco . i really appreciate this . we were careful on the way over here . we weren 't followed . it 's okay . i 'll keep him working . it 's been a while since you 've seen the inside of my place , huh ? we should make a pot of coffee . do you mind staying up with me ? i like to have somebody i can bounce ideas off . coffee . hey , joanna , i 'm going to need you to juggle around a couple of my healing appointments for today . what is it ? gabriel hewitt had a stroke last night . what ? it 's bad . i guess he has brain damage . they 're saying he 's going to have to resign his seat on the city council , and withdraw from the race for mayor . i just got off the phone with the hospital . tom is fine . if i keep the pressure on , there 's a chance they may end his psych hold a day early . what are you working on ? do you want me to tell you , or should i just put it an email ? that 's not fair . i had nothing to do with what happened to tom . if i could have stopped it , i would have . tom 's psych hold had nothing to do with his state of mind . we were getting close to something , and they sent us a warning . who ? the people from curtis ' movie , the marked ? well , i can 't prove that , but i do know that drew imroth was in tunisia of june , 2005 . if the marked ever gathered , that 's when it happened . at the same time , wesley burke was also there . the political advisor to the president ? what was he doing in africa while the white house was gearing up for mid-term elections ? i don 't know , but he had company . that 's cardinal emmanuel calabria . rumor is , he finished third in the last papal election . this is all interesting , but drew imroth heads up the world 's largest charitable foundation . he travels to africa all the time , and these other guys , well , who knows why they were there . well , i 'm going to find out , and i 'm also going to learn who else was there to play that week . let me know if i can help . the marked have no way of getting in contact with the future . it 's a one-way ticket . they 're cut off here . okay , curtis , that 's very interesting , but there are no new names here . we need some facts and things that we can verify . they 'll come . i 'm on a roll . tom , are you okay ? they did something to me , diana . they-they changed me . whoa , just take it easy . where are you ? the hospital . they just let me out . can you come get me ? are you sure it wasn 't there before ? i 'm positive . they did something to me last night , diana . those people who came into my room , they were dressed for an operation . they put something into me . what ? like another person ? another consciousness ? hey , tom , i don 't think it works that way . curtis is working on his script right now , and according to him , the marked are cut off from the future . they can 't just make more of them . yeah , but one of them 's dead . matthew ross . what if they took whatever was inside of him and put it into me ? no , you can 't be sure of that . tom , just ... please just tell me that you 're still you . i think so . i mean , for now , anyway . it 's crap . i can 't get this scene right . they 're at the meeting in tunisia . they 're face to face for the first time . imroth is introducing them to each other . i know what the scene is . i just can 't ... nail it . look , i have to think creatively for my job , too . i mean , i share an office with two of the most annoying guys on the planet . believe me , i get stuck all the time . know what i do ? i shut my eyes , and i think of song lyrics . sounds dumb , right ? but i swear , it almost always works . what are you thinking of ? " the trooper , " iron maiden . hey , whatever gets you going . be right back . curtis ? curtis ? did you do this ? did you do this ? did you order one of your followers to give hewitt a stroke ? have we grown that far apart ? you actually believe i 'm capable of that ? jordan , i don 't know what you 're capable of anymore . all i know is that two days ago i came in here and i told you that hewitt was dangerous . now he has brain damage and he probably won 't have a career . then it looks like fate intervened on our behalf . you 're not answering my question . because i find it offensive ! you 're the one who 's always saying that we 're at war . why wouldn 't hewitt just be another casualty to you ? just like all those people that died taking your shot ? those people made a choice . they knew the risks . i knew the risks . kyle ... i did not order anyone to attack gabriel hewitt . i don 't believe you . i can 't begin to tell you how disappointing that is . well , it 's true . that 's why i can 't follow you anymore . did you see the license plate on the car that took him away ? i 'm sorry . what do we do now ? we need to tell meghan , bring the whole building into this , hope we find curtis before the worst happens . tom ... they just told me you were released . are you okay ? yeah , yeah . pretty much . we were just coming to see you . we need to talk to you about curtis peck . he came to me for protection a couple of nights ago . we tried to keep him safe , but we lost him . we think the marked took him . guys , curtis peck is in the building . he came in about an hour ago . he went straight down to ntac medical for his checkup . sorry i had to rush out . i know this is going to sound weird , but i got a call from this big movie producer who 's in town . he 's a big fan of my work . he offered me a deal to direct a big hollywood movie . don incubus , demon p.i. it 's a comic book adaptation . it 's perfect for me . i 'm in business , guys . this is what i always wanted ! but , curtis , what about the conspiracy ? what about the marked ? you were almost done . you were just about to tell us all the names . the names ? well , there are no names . not really . i made the whole thing up . i 'm putting that project on the shelf . i couldn 't finish it . they got to you . they bought you off , huh ? you really believed that stuff , didn 't you ? look , i 'm flattered , but you need to calm down . there 's no such thing as the marked . just like robert shaftoe didn 't shoot jfk . they 're just movies . so ... i 'm sorry i missed my checkups . it won 't happen again . can i leave now ? i gotta pack . I 'm going to hollywood there 's nothing unusual there . i spent all afternoon in ntac medical , and as far as they could tell , there 's nothing different with me . well , that 's good , tom . it 's all a mind game . they just want us to back off . well , it 's not going to work . we 're going to find out the truth about these people , with or without curtis peck . excuse me , agent baldwin ? agent skouris ? sorry for the surprise . i asked my driver to make a detour . i can 't get that crazy movie idea out of my head . what was it called , the marked ? you know damn well what it was called . i guess i do . i keep thinking what it would be like to actually be one of those guys . imagine if you were stuck in the past , just cut off from your friends and your family . that 'd be quite a sacrifice , wouldn 't it ? they sound kind of like heroes to me . well , heroes don 't have people killed , and they don 't consume the personalities of innocent men and women . well , i don 't know exactly what the marked are up to . i haven 't seen the movie . you never will now . no one will . maybe it 's better that way . seems to me their work would be best done in secret . if they are out there , i would think people like you would consider them , i don 't know , allies ? after all , they 'd have the same goal as you , right ? to stop jordan collier 's global revolution , and all the chaos and unrest that it could bring . i 'd just think of them as back-up . valuable back-up . if ... they exist . that 's right . if they exist . anyway , it was good to see you two again . i have to pick up my wife . we 're being honored at the world health organization tonight . those look like x-rays . is everything okay with you ? it didn 't work . whatever you tried to do to me , it didn 't take . i 'm still me . of course you 're you . we 're all ourselves , aren 't we ? i mean , who else would we be ? made you doubt me , didn 't he ? your cousin , he made you doubt me . it 's just weird timing , hewitt 's stroke . if you have something you want to ask me , kyle , i 'll answer honestly . was this you ? did you have this done ? i did not . i believe you . i 'm sorry shawn didn 't . i 'm sorry , too . shawn was like a son to me , and i 've lost him . but i 've found you . thank you . don 't thank me , just change . i think we can rest easy . it 's all going to be fine . tell the others that i went to see the ntac agents . baldwin thinks it 's some kind of ploy , mind game when we need him he will be there for us
