 I 'm training for the Muskoka Ironman . I thought it might be fun to go for a ride after work , together , sometime . - Mayko ! - Oh God . Been intimate with anyone since the accident ? - What does that have to do with it ? - How you feel about yourself , emotionally , physically . They are connected . I get these shooting pains below the knee . ... in Sutter Washington with Dr. Joanna Sabean , regional case officer for the Centres for Disease Control . We 're testing 20 birds for avian flu . - Hi ! Sorry am I interrupting ? - This is Joanna , an old friend of mine . How well do you know her ? No . Don 't even think about it . Joanna and I were married for 3 years . How could I not know this about you ? What 's not in the news is that there 's also sick people . If it 's not avian flu , what is it ? - Could it be environmental ? - Well exactly . And that strand of my investigation is being shut down by the EPA . Methylmercury . I 've never seen concentrations like this . They 're off the dial . - I gotta get that . - Not yet . I got to . It could be ... Carlos with the test results . What ? David ? Yeah , Carlos . Whaddya got ? The fish are contaminated with mercury . - Very contaminated . - How bad are we looking at ? 50 parts per . - Fifty parts per million . - That 's off the scale . EPA did an enviro assessment on the lake as part of the sale of the property . Let me guess , all the tests came back normal . Yeah , so either the lake suddenly became toxic or ... Or the EPA is in on it . What 's the source ? Have Bob and Mayko check possible sources . I will . David , I need to speak to Joanna . Basically to tell her that she was right about the EPA cover-up . Well I 'll be sure to pass that on to her when I see her . Can you put her on the phone , please ? Hey babe . Okay . Don 't be . Bye . Whatever he said about me it isn 't true . I don 't know about that . ReGenesis 3x06 Phantoms Subtitles Team NorBAC Synchro Bbsiocnarf , Golgi , Linwelin , Lovechange Version NoTag 1.0 Olympia Pulp and Paper . Let me guess , it used to be on Lake Mcgraw . That 's right . Employed 173 people during its peak Processed 456 million tons of raw timber into pulp from 1923 to 1964 - when it shut down operations . - In those days , mercury was used as a kind of slime-icide . Mainly to control bacterial growth and fungi . What ? You said slime-icide as you know , as opposed to microbicide . That 's funny . Slime-icide . What else ? Well , they spent 4 decades dumping their waste into the Lake Mcgraw watershed . So why 's it coming out now ? The mercury could have collected into a contaminated mass . - So we think this toxic blob ... - Toxic blob . - Sorry , this contaminated mass ... - That 's good . ... is beginning to break up . - Why ? - Seismic activity ? The area gets over a 1000 earthquakes a year . So the mercury biomagnifies . Contaminated fish get eat by the ducks . Ducks get eat by the hunters . A nice little food chain . Possible source number 2 ... The area was heavily mined during the gold rush . Mercury was used to help separate the gold - from other minerals . - They estimated that 10 million pounds of mercury was lost during the process . Yeah , but that would be , like , 150 years ago . The mercury would have dispersed into the environment , by now . But some of that mercury ended up in retention ponds that were abandoned when the area was mined out . The ponds evaporated and left concentrated mercury that eventually leached back into the watershed . Okay , scenario number 3 : Enviropower . It 's a massive , coal-fueled power plant on the coast . They supposedly put in mercury scrubbers in March 2005 , in response - to the EPA 's Clean Air Mercury Rule . - Could have been too little too late . We 're looking at an airborne contamination . I want you , to get samples from each of the sites . Do isotope fractionation on the mercury in each sample . Compare to the mercury in the lake water . We find a match , we 'll figure out who 's milfing Mother Nature . - Milfing ? - We 're on it , David . There 's a foot between my legs . It 's a Geisha move . Bothering you ? It 's making it a little hard to focus on my meal , yeah . Multitask . You feel like coming up to Toronto for a visit anytime soon ? Not really . 'Cause you know , we may never see each other again , right ? That 's what makes it so hot . You think ? Answer your phone . What ? I have something I think you might enjoy , David . Looks like our mercury contamination goes - all the way to the governor 's office . - No shit . Really ? Governor Gibson is part of an investment group that sold that tract of land to a Casino and Resort developer over 3 years ago . And of course he 's claiming to have no knowledge of any mercury contamination ? And he has the EPA tests to back it up . Question is : whether it 'll hold up in a court , considering what we found out there . 150 million dollar land deal . I know a couple of good lawyers who could keep that tied up in litigation for 20 years . Which is plenty of time to forget what the fuck happened up there . - I 'll let you know what I hear . - Okay , thanks Wes . You up for a little fun , Geishagirl ? Whadda you have in mind ? I 'm thinking maybe a visit to the Governor 's office . Oh , I 'm all over that . If there 's corruption , collusion or anything improper going on at the EPA , we 'll root it out . What are you gonna do to clean up that lake ? - What are we looking at ? - You 've got a couple of choices . You could use biosorbants . Genetically alter the bacteria with a surface protein ... That binds itself to the mercury . Lake Mcgraw isn 't the only mercury problem this state has had . We 've been pitched this solution elsewhere and rejected it . Based on ? - Timeframe is unacceptable . - And pumping all the water out through an activated charcoal filter that binds the mercury ? - No , it 's cost-prohibitive . - Cost prohibitive ! Okay . Cheap , fast and proven : put a shit ton of electrodes in that lake , electrochemically precipitate the mercury with a current and nuke everything ! - Wouldn 't that kill the fish ? - The fish are poisoned . I don 't think the governor 's gonna think that 's a viable solution to clean it up . Come on , Bosch . Don 't be so negative . Put a positive spin on it . " Come visit beautiful Washington . Now our lakes won 't kill you . " You know , why don 't you two leave the clean up to us . And focus your talents on where we desperately need your help : finding the source of the mercury . There 's one thing I hate more than a smarmy bureaucrat , it 's a smarmy bureaucrat who point . Yeah well , you threw some pretty good punches in there . Not enough . Have you always been this feisty ? Wanna watch me crack some walnuts with my bare hands ? So we finally got the mercury samples ? Enviropower , gold , pulp and paper from Lake Mcgraw . - I 'm going to need results tonight . - Sure . Okay . So , how are we doing ? Ready to send off to the Mass Spectrometer . I 'll do that . Thank you . What about the pain journal you were gonna keep for me ? Gordon , I don 't need to keep a journal . - The Percocet help ? - No . Actually , the pain is getting worse . What 's your physio say ? Switch liners . Didn 't help . Checked my gait . I don 't ... The pain comes down like a ton of bricks . - I 'm doing something completely normal . - Such as ? I don 't know , like , like , I 'm ... I 'm sitting on my blanket under a stupid tree and ... And then it 's like everything below the stump is being crushed in a vice . Oh , God . You 're experiencing a phenomenon known as phantom limb pain . This is not a phenomenon , Gordon . I told you , the pain is real . Muscles and nerves at the amputation site are still sending signals . So that my brain thinks that my left leg is still there . I know , I know . I wasn 't asleep in rehab , okay ? I 'm sorry . I 'm just ... I 'm not a head case . Well , you 're a scientist . You like tidy , empirical solutions . I like meds that make the pain go away ! - Not gonna happen . - Fuck . Conventional medicine isn 't gonna solve what 's going on up here . I can 't have a relation ... I can 't have a relationship , alright ? I just want my body back . I need to do something . Fuck . There is one therapy that sometimes gets results . It 's a bit out there . It 's all about that mind-body psychobabble stuff you love . Let me guess , incense and rebirthing . No . More like self-hypnosis . That 's an improvement . So what do you think ? You 've really got me where you want me , don 't you ? What time is your flight ? 4 : 20 . We 've got time . What ? Here on the shoulder ? It happens all the time . Look at all the skid marks . Desperate lovers pulling over for one last frenzied grope . You 're worse than me . I got the head office call . They 're taking me off the mercury case . - When did this happen ? - Last night . I didn 't wanna ruin the evening . Screw ' em . We 're in this together . They need help with a C. Difficile outbreak at a hospital in Racine Wisconsin . A little off the map , but ... a good place to bury me . What are you grinning at ? I just cannot get you in the same frame as Carlos . What was that about ? I fell in love with this smart , sexy guy in Biology 101 . Before either one of us knew it , we were married and ... two years later , he fell in love with a guy down the hall . Well , it must have been some guy , eh . Sorry , I guess that must 've messed you up a bit . Made me who I am today . Meaning ? Meaning no serious relationships . I like things open and direct . Qui totum vult , totum perdit . The one who wants the whole thing loses it all . What time is it ? - 3 : 30 . - Pull over . - I have those fractionation results . - And ? Should take a look . - Have you told David ? - No . What do you mean none of the samples match ? The mercury in lake didn 't come from any of the possible sources we considered . The mercury 's gotta be coming from somewhere . - Just not where we thought . - Thank you for that insight , Rachel . I think that was intended to be rhetorical , David . - Square 1 . Theories ? - I was thinking that the mercury , and don 't yell at me before I 'm finished , that it has something to do with the Red Rain theory in India . Bob , you 're not gonna tell me that you think the mercury 's from outer space . No , listen . It 's only one theory that the origin of the Red Rain is extraterrestrial . He 's right . There 's evidence that red algae becomes airborne from a body of water via a water spout . It could also just be high winds picking up red sand from the Arabian desert . - Wait a minute . - There 's a lot of explanations . Do you have the mercury samples from the lake ? - Right here . - Call them up . Can you plot them by depth ? Highlight the highest concentrations of methylmercury . Where is it ? Deep in the lake . Dead centre . Mercury converts to methylmercury through organisms in the environment , correct ? Agreed . Where are the purest samples of mercury ? On the eastern shoreline . - The most degraded ? - Centre of the lake . Plot a line , from here to here . It 's a direct line . From purest to the most degraded mercury . And it points right to the source , I bet . Bob , do you have an aerial view ? Yeah , the glacier . Well , there 's only 1 way to contaminate a glacier at 14,000 feet . Mercury is airborne . But we checked the air in and around Enviropower . We didn 't look high enough . The Jet stream . That means it could be coming ... from the other side of the planet . Could be . Let 's get some core samples from the glacier 's ice . See if that 's the case . - David , I still think that ... - I don 't wanna hear another word about the fucking Red Rain ! Okay , so what is this thing ? Trust me , Mayko . Have a seat . Sure . Put your legs up on the table . Yeah . Either side . - Let 's have your prosthetic . - Okay . Now , concentrate all of your attention on your healthy leg . Okay . And wiggle the toes of your left foot . I can 't . You can . Focus your mind on your left foot and wiggle your toes . Okay . And rotate your left foot slightly . How does it feel ? I don 't understand . We 're reprogramming the neural pathways associated with your injury . That is one beautiful leg . You have to come back here for a number of these sessions . You can commit to that ? As long as there 's no sharing in group . Focus your mind on your left leg . Practice bending at the knee . Try it . That 's it . How does it feel ? Good , it feels good , it feels really good . Alright Wes , what the hell is so ... So goddamned important ? Yeah . You know Charlie Gibson ? He 's been running the state of Washington for so long , we refer to the capital as Gibsonville . I 've actually heard that . Charlie 's an old , old friend of mine . Swell . He called me the other day . He said he had some concerns with one of my operations . Well , I told him I 'd have some - face time with you , David . - Time 's up , Carl . This shit might work with one of your CDC grunts , but not with me , not here . I don 't know what you 're talking about nonetheless For Christ 's sakes , just say it . The EPA is gonna sweep this whole thing - under the carpet . Isn 't it ? - On the contrary . You have triggered a complete in-house review of procedure . - In-house , huh ? Great . - And Charlie Gibson , under further reflection , has decided to step down . Given the circumstances . Too public a screw-up , eh ? The Army Corp of Engineers is working on cleaning up the lake . I managed to procure federal money from the National Disaster Fund . What about the source of the pollution , Carl ? A billion tons of crap coming from every industrial country on the planet . David , you know as well as I do that that 's an ongoing international debate . And many studies will be needed before we come to a conclusion . Well , let 's hope we 're all around to see how that debate turns out ! And here I was , about to congratulate you and your team on some excellent work . I even had a little presentation . I don 't need your presentation . You 're a goddamn hard man to compliment , David . Only when I 'm looking bullshit in the face . Can I tell you a secret ? You 're right about me . I don 't care . I never have and I never will . This is all about money . Big money . So big that you 'll never wrap your tiny , little brain around it . We can 't live forever , David . Neither can this planet . So why fight it ? Why worry about tomorrow ? The future of the world ? Why should I care about that ? Doesn 't matter to me . So , fuck the future . Fuck it all . Fuck you . Yeah , yeah . I 'm coming . So wrong . - Huge mistake . - No , no , no . We were never supposed to see each other again , remember ? We lasted 72 hours . I think that 's an accomplishment . Come in . I 'll get your bag . I was on my way to Racine and I thought all of a sudden why not stop off in Toronto . It 's , right on the way . It 's a ... 2000 mile detour ! It went by like that . How long can you stay ? - I leave in the morning . - That 's not long enough . Sure it is , if we don 't quit wasting time . Buddhists don 't believe in a separately existing external world . Gotta love those Buddhists . They believe that we are inextricably connected to all other matter in the universe . You know , that 's very scientific thinking to my mind . The more we learn , the more we see how everything is ... interconnected . Bob , the samples from the glacier have arrived . Core samples of frozen history of pollution over the last 1000 years . Sorry . I 'm sorry , you 're talking to me . I wasn 't sure . - Him ? Not him , right ? Me . - No , you . You . I 'm , I 'm kinda the world 's shyest stalker . You were gonna call me . Remember ? Cold feet . I mean , foot . So how 's the pain ? I 'm working on it . Look , okay , want I wanted ... you to know is that , um ... When I was with you that night it was like I couldn 't breathe , you know ? And ... maybe I won 't be able to be with anyone for a long time . - You 're with me , you realize ? - But you know - what I mean . - I know what you mean . I know . Look , there 's no pressure . You gotta get your life back in balance , and all that stuff but ... Mayko this stuff with your leg , it 's gonna pass . You think so ? Yeah . I know so . - Do you like barbecues ? - I 'm vegan . Can 't I do anything right ? You know , Mayko , I remember you ... doing something really , really well . - Yeah ? - Yeah . - What 's that ? - I don 't know ... I just know Riddlemeyer 's not gonna follow through on that polluted lake . And this all came clear to you in a dream ? It wasn 't a dream . It was a fucking nightmare . Surprise . The White House is in bed with Big Business . Well , there 's no room for them all in my bed . You know , there 's something deeply sexual about our shared cynicism . The thing that eats the shit out of me is how good he is . - How do you mean ? - Oh , he so knows his game . Yesterday ... he presented me with this . Token of his appreciation . The guy is good . Knows how to get the knife under your shell . You 're just a sentimental old slob , aren 't you , Sandström ? Qui totum vult , totum perdit . Yeah , that too . I gotta go . To Racine . Come on . You are gonna choose a trip to Wisconsin over more incandescent sex with me ? Christ , you 're needy . Well , I 'm gonna hold my breath . I could have drowned . Would have made it a lot easier to go to Racine . These are the mass spec results we got back on the ice core samples . We can see that over the past 1000 years , the glacier had normal trace amounts of atmospheric mercury . Until 1972 . See at that point , we see that the concentration increases slowly and steadily until the late 1980s . And then it 's hockey sticks . So what 's the source ? Chinese coal-burning power plants came on line around 1971-1972 . The Chinese economy 's growth mirrors this graph . See , in the late 1980s it began to take off . It 's the fastest growing economy in the world . With no checks and balances on it whatsoever . With a jet stream conveyor-belt right over us . The scary part ? China 'll bring 1000 more coal-burning power plants online by 2030 . And all we do is debate . Great . You know , every glacier on the planet is melting . All the shit that 's in them , heavy metal and acid is just gonna come out . We 're all going to have to deal with it , because it 's a small fucking world . It 's so small that you do something on one side and it affects everything . It 's gonna get worse , the Indian and the Chinese economy is about to explode , they 've no environmental safeguards . North America 's not blameless in all of this . We haven 't even ratified Kyoto . 80 % of our greenhouse gases come from our cars . There you go . It 's like the whole world is smoking this giant cigarette . - Can I put this in the freezer ? - Sure . It 's all about the money , right ? Well , Mercury was the Roman God of Commerce . The hypocrisy makes me want to puke . - Hey , you made it ! - Hey ! You all know Milo . Hey Milo , how do you want your burger ? - I 'm good , thank you . - He 's a vegan . Sorry . I forgot to mention . Not a problem . I think I 've got an energy bar in my sock drawer . It 's a mind-body feedback loop . Your brain thinks that the missing limb is still there . The motor cortex , the language centres are still trying to contact the leg . But the leg is gone , so when my brain sees the reflection of my healthy leg in place of the missing one ... It can finally achieve the feedback loop . And if I 'm lucky , after a dozen or so sessions , my brain will have realized that there is no leg there . And if there 's no leg there , there can be no pain . Wow , it 's sort of a ... neurological amputation of a phantom limb . - There you go . - It 's amazing . Really is . - Good for you . - Thank you . Well , I 've got some reports to read , so I 've gotta get going . - Bye . Nice to see you again . - Yeah you too . Bye . So how are you ? I just got this from my son , Craig . He 's in Wyoming doing research on black bears . What kind of research ? I 'm not sure what the project is this time . He 's an adrenaline junkie . He wants to be as far outside the system as he can . I know the type . 2 years ago he took his motorcycle from Cairo to Cape Town . Who does he get that from ? You or your ex ? I think he 's running from ... the 2 of us as fast as he can . - A refill ? - No thanks , I gotta get going . - Have a good night . - You too . And I can see all this interconnectedness , birds falling from the sky in Washington because of the heavy metal pollution spewing out of the smokestacks in China . We 're fucked . Because the human community is only concerned with the next paycheck , the leaders with the next election , nobody 's thinking long-term . Humanity has to step up , assume responsibility , face the facts . - Game over . - Tilt . Who wants to live in a world without hope ? What do you do - if there 's no hope ? - Hope ? Come on , Bob . The human species only responds to catastrophy . You gotta hold a blowtorch up to mankind 's cheek if you wanna get any kind of response . What do we do , David , to make a difference ? I don 't know , Bob . Drive a Prius . ... neurological amputation of a phantom limb . - There you go . - It 's amazing . Really is . - Good for you . - Thank you . Well , I 've got some reports to read , so I 've gotta get going . - Bye . Nice to see you again . - You too . Bye . - She knows all about us . - Oh yeah ? Like what ? Like what is gonna happen next . Come with me . What 's gonna happen next ? A little top secret commando mission , maybe . - I didn 't think you were coming . - C 'mon . Get in . Oh , wait . - What ? - Ha ! Nothing . - Will you stop it ? - What ? Just come here . Stop ! I 'm ... - I 'm kind of wasted . - Yeah , I noticed . Wha ... Right here ? Just you , me and Mother Nature . Looks fine . David ! I have something that might be interesting for you . An EPA Technician , who was wanted in connection with this massive land sale fraud , was just arrested in a Nevada brothel . During questioning , the technician , Larry Hakchek , implicated a real ... What medications have you tried ? Hang on a second . Yes ... Well , is she still conscious ? Yes , of course ... Thank you . What 's wrong ? That was the hospital in Racine . Joanna 's in quarantine there . She 's infected with CDAD . I still don 't understand the difference between C. Difficile and CDAD ? Alright , C. Difficile . Just one of a whole number of bacteria living in our intestines . Harmless , unless it 's out of whack with other bugs inside us . - If it 's out of whack ? - Then we have a problem . It produces toxins that cause C. Difficile Associated Disease . - CDAD . - Okay , so that 's CDAD . The C. Difficile Associated Diseases can lead to pseudomembranous colitis . Basically your colon swells shut . Eventually nothing passes through , not even diarrhea . How do we treat it ? Well , in this case , it seems to be completely antibiotic-resistant . Excuse me . If this was to get out in the developing world , it would kill millions . Oh Yeah . We put in the call to the Centers for Disease Control about 11 days ago . That 's when we realized this wasn 't any run-of-the-mill strain of CDAD . - Joanna had just been assigned here . - Yeah , exactly . When did she begin to show symptoms ? - 2 days ago . - Anyone else ? Well , we 've got multiple cases but Dr. Sabean seems to be hit the hardest . - What antibiotics have you tried ? - Vancomycin and metronidazole . - Okay , what are we looking at ? - Toxic megacolon . Before you guys go in , there is one more thing that you should know . What 's that ? We stopped hydrating Dr. Sabean this morning . - Blood in the stool ? Stomach pain ? - Yeah , both . There 's a definite constriction of the lower gastrointestinal tract , so we 're keeping her closely monitored . You guys want masks ? Why , is it airborne ? Fuck it . There 's a couple of pretty faces . How are you feeling ? Okay . We 're gonna get you back on your feet in no time . Joanna , do you have any idea how you contracted it ? Were you on antibiotics for anything ? You don 't have to be on antibiotics to get it . I thought I ... did everything by the book , but I must have picked it up in here . Jesus , you think an American hospital would know how to observe procedure . David I fucked up , okay ? They followed HICPAC isolation procedures down to the letter . I just ... must have touched something . - I got it in my system . - How ? - I don 't know . - Well , think Joanna . I mean , - did you ingest something or ... - David . I 'm sorry . I think what David 's trying to say is , we don 't like seeing you like this . Well , I don 't like being in here either , so ... What are you guys gonna do about it ? We need to do 3 things . First : find out why this C. Difficile is antibiotic resistant . Second : find something to fight it with . Third : find out where it 's coming from . I 'll get TIGR to sequence the genome , see if we can 't figure out this antibiotic resistance problem . Good . I want Bob figuring out a way to kill this thing . Alright , every antibiotic and cocktail possible tested . We 'll work up some kill curves ? Tell him to keep elevating the concentrations until it dies . - What about the source ? - Get Mayko on it . I got her access to all the patient 's personal and medical records . Have her find any and everything that connects them . Right away . Hola amigo . How long have you been there ? Awhile . Still a tough guy to pin down . Listen , I need to tell you something . What ? About us . What it was for me . - Christ , am I that sick ? - Just let me say this . Okay . I never had a chance to tell you how much I appreciate what you did for me . - A kick in the pants . Big deal . - No . You gave me permission to be myself . When I needed to go to Africa , you shot down my excuses . And when I had to hurt you the most ... you let me go . It 's because I love you . I always will . I know that . And I love you . Gracias , mi angel . Qui totum vult . No , no . You haven 't lost anything . I 'm scared , Carlos . Don 't be . We 're going to beat this . Okay ? I tried to kill it , David . Nothing kills it . No amount of any antibiotic . Nothing ? - I 'm going to send you the kill curves . - I believe you . It just means we haven 't found what we 're looking for yet . Well , it 's too big . I 'm gonna have to outsource some of the work . You know I don 't like to outsource work . You can 't trust other people 's - protocols and procedures . - I know , Bob . - Well , I 'll do it this time . - Thank you , Bob . Alright . Sorry to barge in like this , but I didn 't think you 'd mind . Good news ? You be the judge . Take a look at this C. Difficile . See , this merged image shows the in situ hybridization along with the morphology . Wait a minute . - Am I looking at 2 plasmids here ? - Yeah , and I 'm pretty sure that the one is carrying the virulence factors . The other one 's got the antibiotic resistant markers . But how did this other plasmid get in there ? We found a deletion in a number of the regulatory genes in this strain . Do you remember the NAP1 strain ? It was responsible for that outbreak a few years ago , wasn 't it ? Precisely . Well , it had the same class of mutations . Now , the NAP1 strain produced 23 times more toxins than anything we 'd ever seen before . And this new strain ? Twice as potent as NAP1 . This thing is a toxin factory that cannot be killed . - What ? - We just finished running the tests . Baby toys , books , bedpans . Everything in that hospital , basically . - Even the air ducts . - Code Blue . Room 104 . - And we found where it was hiding . - Code Blue . Room 104 . In a plant , David . In the soil of a fucking potted plant . Mums . They were sold as a local fundraiser for Spina Bifida research . Apparently , a local greenhouse supplied all the plants . Do you want the address ? Tell him we need some Epinephron right away , stat ! David , are you still there ? I 'm shipping $ 175,000 worth of product . I don 't ship these plants in 24 hours , I 'm dead . And if you do , somebody else might be . Escuche ! Soy doctor . Pensamos que la tierra es muy mala . Might have the same thing as Joanna . Listen ! I support an entire village in Chiapas . - What do you do for Mexico ? - What do I do for Mexico ? ! There 's millions of migrants working on farms in this state . You can 't turn it around all by yourself . Tell them to send everything that they have , and then I 'll ... Oh , my god ! Are you okay ? No , no , Bob , just leave it ! What 's wrong Bob ? Everything is fine , Weston .
