 My name is Jane Vasco . I could use you on my team . I work for a secret government agency that hunts Neuros . People who can do dangerous things with their minds . On my first assignment ... something a little weird happened , okay , something really weird . Until I get some answers I 'm getting on with my life , doing my job ... stocking up on aspirin ... because I gotta tell ya , pain 's a bitch ! And we 're very pleased to announce that the rent committee has raised another $ 1500 ... toward the community center swimming pool . Plans for the charity picnic next Sunday are well under way ... and we are expecting a significant turn out . So , Sheriff Farber I thing you have a few words . Oh thank you , mayor . Hey , folks ! We 've noted an increase in parking violations , especially in front of Miller 's pharmacy . Now , we know that most of you are just running in to grab a last minute item ... but there 's a hydrant there and we need to keep it clear . Just in case . We appreciate your cooperation . Thank you sheriff . Ok , so the next meeting will be next Thursday at 3 : 00 . We 'll see you then . THE BETTY BOONE SHOW Ever wonder where how to restore those stained pots and pans ? Well , I 'm gonna show you a few simple techniques ... simply by using things you have in your ... I 'm surprised to get a visit from the F.B.I. Agent Kearny , but it 's very upsetting that Susan left town the way she did ... without a word to anyone . That 's not like her at all . And you haven 't heard from her ? Not since she last Saturday , when she left town . Tollhouse cookies . You have to keep en eye on them . You 've no idea why she left or where she might have gone ? No . I was as surprised as anyone else . But you 're not worried ? Worried ? About Susan ? Gosh , no ! Should I be ? I mean , did something happen to her ? Mrs. Meyers , I have records here indicating that Susan Shaw called your house , at least six times after she left Fair Oaks . - Really ? That 's odd , isn 't it ? - You didn 't take those calls ? No . No that I can remember . Well , there 's also one here made from your house to Susan 's cell phone . I 'm sure is nothing . Probably one of those phone campaign mix-ups . I 'm afraid Mrs. Meyers , that I don 't believe ... that you 're being completely honest with me . Now , if I have to , I can take you in for questioning . Goodness ! I really thing you should check with the phone company . Cookies ! PAINKILLER JANE Season 1 Episode 12 " Something Nasty In The Neighborhood " It wasn 't too long ago that meals for one were a staple in my kitchen . It wasn 't too long ago that no one was stealing the blankets . And until a few months ago ... I had nothing to do after dinner but clean up , read a book and go to bed . I didn 't have to fight for mirror space to get ready for work and ... I never reached for the wrong toothbrush . There was never a wet towel on the floor or socks or underwear to pick up . But , for all of that , Brian has made this now crowded shower of mine , the best way I can think of to start my day . Besides , meals for one suck . I ... I really have to get to work . But you want to get there clean , don 't you ? Oh , I see , you 're just trying to help me . Yeah , of course . I mean , doesn 't this help ? - Oh , yeah , it helps . - Yeah ? But I 'm not gonna get to work in time . Oh , well , I can stop now . No , no , no , no . No . No , now you can 't . Too late . - You 're gonna be in trouble . - I like being in trouble . Fair Oaks . Population 3600 , 6 schools , 12 churches ... Juvenile delinquency , zero . Drug and alcohol problems , zero . Crime rate , zero . - Sounds like a travelogue . - Sounds like a lie . - Have some faith . - I do , on what I know . On the last two years , four locals have gone missing . When interviewed , no one in Fair Oaks seems to know anything about anything . Riley ? Allan Carmody , went to work on a Tuesday morning and never got to work . Nobody 's seen him since . Kevin Loomis , was due back home from a business trip 18 months ago . But once again he never showed up . Flights records indicate that he was on the flight . Susan Shawn , housewife . Apparently she liked to take regular pilgrimages into the city . However on one excursion , she didn 't come back home . And then there 's this guy , Paul Barnes . It 's been missing for two days . - I 'm still working on it . - Looks that cynicism wins out . That 's brains , don 't . I 'm an optimist . I know people are dirt and they never let me down . Two days ago the feds sent an agent to conduct interviews . Riley ! F.B.I. Agent , Shane Kearny . - Missing ? - You got it ! Even with all this , what about it spells Neuro ? Transcripted interviews from law enforcement . A lot of upstanding citizens from Fair Oaks , saying the same thing . I saw nothing , I know nothing . Everything about this fits the Neuro profile . And then there 's this . Picked this up off the net . Kid 's name is Danny Miller . He blogs just outside of Fair Oaks , at an Internet Caf ? " It 's like that movie ... everyone in this stupid town seems like pod people . " " My parents used to go at each other like World Class Wrestling . " " Since we moved to Fair Oaks it 's all kisses , smiles and do your homework . " " Trust me , the moment I can get some cash together , I 'm out of there . " That was his last one . He 's written half a dozen just like it . - Well , how old is he ? - 15 . Hell , who doesn 't feel that way at 15 ? My dad made it seem like he never was a kid . I used to sneak out of the house all the time . - In your skivvies ? - The point is ... something ain 't right in Fair Oaks . Now I think is best if you interviewed Danny Miller when he 's out of town . According to Riley , he hangs out at an Internet Cafe in the City . And this house just came on the market in Fair Oaks . Now , what do you say Maureen ? Interested in buying a house ? Wow , is so sudden . Don 't you think you should buy me dinner first ? Let 's roll , people ! It 's just perfect here in Fair Oaks . It really is ! As you can see , the morning light is terrific . Plenty of room to grow , and it 's the right price . Well , it is very nice . - Howdy . - Hey . - You folks looking to buy ? - We 're thinking about it . - Whereabouts you from ? - Glenville . Well , that 's a nice place . What brings you to Fair Oaks ? - We 're just looking for a little more room . - I see . Well , it 's a great place to bring up kids . Good schools , no crime . Heck , I shot the last person I caught littering . - Well , good luck . - Thank you . What do you thing ? - I like it . Yeah , honey ? - I don 't know , it seems a little small . All empty houses seem small at first , but once you get them furnished , it makes a world of difference . - I don 't know . - He doesn 't know . If you like we can see the Meyers house . It got a very similar lay out , and it may help if you can see what it looks up a little more lived in . Why don 't we ? The Mayers , let 's go meet them . - Ok , the Mayers . - Right this way . You won 't find a cleaner , safer , more welcoming and friendlier neighborhood ... than we have right here . I can 't believe you guys actually read my blog . That 's so cool . So , this is really gonna be on a magazine ? That depends . We 'd like to know a little more about Fair Oaks . - You mean , " Zombie Ville " - Scary place , uh ? I 'm totally freaked out . I mean is like everyone there ... is always trying to be so perfect and happy all the time . - Only , I don 't think they are . - Your parents know how you feel ? Oh , yeah , they know . I 'm like the town weirdo . They only let me watch regular TV . - What do you mean ? - They got this stupid town channel . It 's on like all day long . You want to talk about boring and weird ? - What do they show ? - Who knows ? I won 't watch it . Look , is a lot of stupid people talking of what is going on in town . You know , picnics and sack races a lot of that brain-dead crap . You ever see that movie , " Invasion of the Body Snatchers ? " - Yeah , it 's a great flick . - Yeah , it 's great . Until you have to live there . Jack and I have never been happier . This really is a wonderful place to live . Your house is lovely . Thank you for having us . Thank you . I 'm still not sure about the blinds in the kitchen , but ... Oh , well . What is it that you do , Mr. Rhodes ? - I work for the government . - He 's an accountant . Oh , I see . - Is there a restroom I can use ? - It 's just down the hall , to the left . Thank you . I was never very good with numbers . I leave all that to Jack . This room over here is my favorite room , this is the dining room , and we entertain an awful lot in here . We have great big parties . It looked like a hole from a 9 millimeter , I guess they didn 't have time to cover their tracks . I ran a background check on the Meyers . Clean . They must be " painted over . " like the rest of the town . So , what 's your read on Danny Miller ? He 's a kid . He 'd like to get into some trouble but he can 't seem to find any . You ever meet a happy teenager ? The thing is , we 're not going to be able to investigate this from the outside . All of a sudden I started to have a bad feeling about this . I knew exactly where Andre was going . He knew that he and Maureen were going to be rejected ... by the Fair Oaks home owners committee , He needed another couple to buy the house . Mr. And Mrs. Connor King , that has a nice ring to it . - Just shoot me now . - - Wouldn 't do any good , you 'd just heal . I like kids . - Good luck kids . - Have fun . And also , let 's remember to get those bulbs and seeds planted early . Judging from the Greens and Garden Centre will take place the first week of June . So let 's get those little green thumbs out there busy . There are still openings for the volunteer ... - I 'll be in my room . - Danny . We hardly get to see you anymore . - I got stuff to do , mom . - Just come sit with me for a moment . - It won 't kill you . - Man , that stuff is so boring . Five minutes . For your mom ? I was starting to forget what you look like . We 're pleased to announce that the Teen Rec Center ... will re-open this coming Tuesday night . There will be a free swim period followed by a spirited discussion ... on " community spirit . How you can help . " Now , we 'd like to thank the Hopkes , the Thompsons , the Millers ... for their very generous contribution to the new addition . Thank you . " THE BETTY BONE SHOW " Ever wonder how to get stale , unpleasant odors out of your house ? Well , here 's a way to keep your house smelling garden fresh ... without using artificial chemicals . The town council gave us the final thumbs up . I guess it 's home sweet home . Do you want me to carry you across the threshold ? Trust me I crossed the threshold when I took this assignment . Just so you know , I sleep on the left . No . You sleep in the den . Hey . I didn 't know you guys were moving in . Yup . We didn 't find it as creepy as you did . Cool . Look , are you guys still putting my story in your magazine ? - Just because ... - Something wrong ? Well , some of the stuff I said the other day might have sound kind of creepy . I was in a pretty bad mood . Well , it didn 't sound as if you were very happy here . I know . But now that I 've gotten to know some of the kids and stuff , - ... it 's not that bad , really . - You 're liking it better . Yeah , actually , I like it a whole lot . We 've got a new rec center with a pool and everything . It 's really pretty cool here . You 'll find out . I guess I 'll see you at the picnic on Sunday ? It 's gonna be tons of fun . ACCES TO TRAK 2 I ran background on the missing persons . Kevin Loomis was a contractor . Seems he wanted to buy a chunk of Fair Oaks in order to build low income housing . Somehow I can 't see that . And apparently , Susan Shaw made regular trips into the city ... - ... to meet a regular boyfriend . - She was married , wasn 't she ? Yup . Something else that doesn 't quite fit the Fair Oaks image of a happy community . Something happened to turn Danny Miller around . - It was like talking to a different kid . - The question is why . So what do we have here ? a Neuro who wants to keep everything nice and tidy ? And is willing to kill to keep it that way . Fair Oaks is a good four square miles . Hard for a Neuro to maintain proximity over that distance . Well , I 'm running satellite surveillance , sweeping the area for everything I can think of . Water samples , air samples , you name it . So , what 's your call ? - We need answers . - Yeah . - You were there first . - Are you sure ? It 's the last piece . Yeah , yeah , I 'll take the Gouda . Connor prefers it anyway . - You 're the new people ? - Yes . I 'm Jane Dawns . Jennifer Meyers . Welcome to Fair Oaks . Thank you . I 've been meaning to stop by and personally welcome you . No problem . With all of our moving in it 's really been quite hectic . Well , when you feel settled , Jack and I would love to have you over for dinner . That would be nice . Thank you . Say , do you know Susan Shaw ? Yes . How do you know Susan ? Susan was a teacher of mine back in college . I hadn 't talk to her for awhile but last I heard she was moving to Fair Oaks . Yes . Susan and Paul moved to Fair Oaks about two years ago . So is it ... it 's true what I heard ? What 's that ? Well , you know , that ... Susan ran off with another man . Susan ? No , I don 't know anything about that . And I don 't believe it . Well , that 's what I heard . Probably gossip . I wouldn 't know . Anyway , it 's nice to meet you , Jane , and I look forward to getting to know you better . Thank you , likewise . Yeah , we heard you and the missus had moved in . What do you think ? It 's nice . I Love it . Great place . Nice parks . Good schools . We 're hoping to start a family . Well , you couldn 't have picked a better place . Or a better woman . She 's a looker . She sure is . I 'd better grab that . Curioso , curioso . - You 're all ready to go . - Looks like a bad one . Engine caught on fire . Owner got out , though , just fine . - That 's good to know . - 70 bucks . All right . This is a nice town . Nice people . Mostly keep to themselves . Mind their own business . Good . Some times in the small towns ... everyone tends to know what everyone else is up to . Guess I 'll be seeing you around . Thanks . Just ran the vin on that burned out car . Registered to the feds . Shane Kearny ? The missing agent ? Yeah , I 'll comm . Riley in the morning . Have you noticed how all the friendly people in this town aren 't all that friendly ? Yeah . The smiles don 't run very deep . How can you watch this garbage ? You want your laundry coming out springtime fresh , don 't you ? It really is abominable . You 'd be surprised how easy this is and what could be nicer than a sparkling fresh , shiny clean bathroom . What could be nicer ? Riley . Riley ? You watching test patterns now ? What 's up , boss ? Want to know how the background check is going on . Yes . Ok . Up until about four years ago , Fair Oaks seemed like a pretty normal place . A little after that is when people started disappearing . I 'm trying to narrow down a list of people who moved in around that time . Sounds like a pretty long list . I 'll try to pare it down to the " most likely 's . " - Connor checked in , yet ? - Not since this afternoon . Might be good idea to raise him on the comm . - I 'll keep trying . - Good boy . Stay off the test patterns . Man , that smells great ! Come and get it while it 's still hot . Pancakes , my favorite . I know , silly . That 's why I made them . - Come here ! - Ahh ! - I 've been a real bugger , haven 't I ? - I think it 's just your natural charm . Did it ever occur to you that I 've just been pulling your pigtails ? Yup . I 'm sorry . It 's no excuse for acting like a jerk . - What do you think ? - Best I ever had . Come here ! You 're beautiful , you know that ? Why thank you , sir . You are not too bad yourself . Think you could get used to this ? Pancakes ? Hell , yeah . No , this . A normal life . Never had one . The truth ? It 's not that bad . No one on the team ever talks about or even think so much about their personal lives . Do you ever think about settling down ? Getting married ? Raising a family ? Not until recently . I guess when you see how the " other half lives , " it gives you perspective on what you 're missing . - What ? - Just you and me , this ... - It feels right . - Yeah . Think we should put this in our report ? Somehow I don 't think Andre would understand . What he doesn 't know won 't hurt him . So you found anything out of ordinary . Wish I could say we did , boss . - What about Jennifer Meyers ? - I spoke to her . Honestly , I don 't think she knows any more about Susan Shaw 's disappearance ... than she 's saying . Or the bullet hole in her living room . How do you know it wasn 't just a misplaced hole from a picture hook ? Look , as weird as this place might seems , you ever think as cops , we start to get a jaded take on things ? All we ever see 's the dark side . So , we come across this place that 's nice and decent ... and first thing we think is , " something 's gotta be wrong . " There is something wrong ! There are three missing people and a missing federal agent . We 're working on it . We just haven 't found anything yet . Between you and me , I 'm a little jealous Jane got this assignment . You shouldn 't be . Jane 's a good woman and a good agent and ... it 's just work . What are you telling me ? - You going to be much longer ? - Just finishing up with the dishes ! Damn ! What do you think about new curtains in the kitchen ? Yeah . Yeah ... Sure , fine . That sounds great . Honey , dinner was fantastic . I 'm glad you enjoyed that . So guess who 's in charge of side dishes and condiments ... at the Rent Committee picnic ? - Congratulations . - Yeah , it 'll be great . We 're giving up a barbecue like they 've never see , uh ? Well , sounds like a lot of fun . You know what else would be a lot of fun ? You , now , whenever you finish up these dishes , if you met me upstairs . I will . Just give me a few minutes . Don 't keep daddy waiting . What do you got ? I think I might have figured out how the Neuro is able to operate ... over such a large area . Yeah ? How 's that ? Don 't you think you ought to tell me just how valuable I am to the team ? Riley , have I ever told you how valuable you are to this team ? I know I give you grief but ... we couldn 't run this operation without you . What the hell just happened ? Yeah , boss , I love you too . I was running an ultrasonic frequency ... that seems to affect the alpha region of the brain . Makes people very receptive to suggestion . Alright , I 'm listening . I was running some tests on the local community channel bandwidth . Every house in Fair Oaks is receiving this frequency . Yeah , but you had to give me that suggestion verbally , in person . Yeah , True . But I 'm not a Neuro . You put a Neuro together with this frequency , in theory , the range of their power could be unlimited . Proximity 's no longer an issue . Not for this one . There 's something else . The longer you 're exposed to it the deeper it 'll take root . - Meaning ? - Something like drugs . You know , recreational at first but , after awhile , you might be willing to kill for it . I 've got my Rent Committee meeting later on today , but I 'll ... probably won 't be home too late . - Miss me ? - Counting the minutes . Alright , bye , hon . Hey . Hey , guys , look it 's me , I don 't know what 's going on here I can 't explain it . Maybe is because I heal more quickly than Connor . Have you been watching the community channel ? It 's on quite a bit , yes . Not last night , though . - Why ? - Just a theory we 've been working on . In the meantime , I suggest you turn the damn thing off . What 've you got ? We found the federal agent , Shane Kearny 's car ... We didn 't report that . And Mo was right about that bullet hole . - Any suspects ? - At this point , it could be anyone . My guess would be someone on the town council . Someone in a position to make the rules and call the shots . Riley has anything ? I 've got a list of people who moved into Fair Oaks since the incidents began . It 's not nearly as short as I 'd like it to be . All right , well , do what you can . In the meantime , I 'll try and get some samples from the most likely suspects . Jane , how 's Connor ? I don 't know . He doesn 't seem quite as far gone as the others . That 'll change over time . I wouldn 't let him know what you 're up to . Got it . I 'll get to work on collecting samples , you arrange for a drop . No , no , no , better let me contact you . Forgot my jacket . Later hon . - What do you think ? - I don 't know . Guess we have to wait and see what she comes up with . Geeze ! Connor 's busy with the picnic . I don 't have much time . You have the samples ? I 'll need a chip gun if any of these test positive . It 's too risky . If Connor finds out ... I see . You 're not that sure about me , either . We 'll run the tests . I 'll let you know . Andre , let ... - It 's definitely a positive . - Who is it ? It 's the mayor . Roger Bischoff . - How can you help ... - The mayor ? I 'll get hold of Jane . No , if she knows we 're on our way , she 'll run interference . - Connor ? - Right now , Connor is not on our side . Ok , look , even if you chip this guy ... I don 't know how long his influence will last ... especially if that station 's still transmitting . Can you do something about that ? I can short out the grid that powers the transmitter . But here 's the catch . The power company 's backup will kick in as soon as they pick up ... that there 's been an interruption . Wait a minute . Can you block that up ? Yeah , if I had a couple of days . Right now , I can bring the transmitter down . But only for about ... maybe 16 minutes . That 's your window . We 've gotta roll , Jane 's expecting us at 2100 . Well , that 's all done . I think I 'm going to take a walk and get some air . Did you really think it was going to work ? - What are you talking about ? - You . Betraying the town . And me . If you think those DNA samples are going to do you any good , they won 't . Did a little bait and switch . You 're the talk of the town , Jane . Doesn 't seem you have too many friends left . - The mayor works late . - Yeah , I 'm sure he 's very dedicated . Something tells me I 've got a better chance at getting close to him . It 's not skill . Just something I was born with . - No sign of Jane ? - We can 't wait . All right , you 've got 16 minutes . I 'll be right behind you . Riley . Take it down , now ! Excuse me . - Hi . - Hi . Can I help you ? Yeah , I 've taken a wrong turn somewhere and can 't find a gas station that 's open . - Ok . Where did you want to go ? - Calumet . I think I was supposed to go south on the interstate ... Yes , ok . No , no , you wanted to go ... fifteen east . I 'm going to mark it on the map here . That 's about 15-20 minutes . - Ok , thank you . - If I could get my pen to work . You think the mayor 's office would have a pen that would work . Hold it ! I wouldn 't do that if I were you , sheriff . Just put it down . This might change your mind . Right , Connor found out . - Where 's Mo ? - The mayor tested positive . It 's not the mayor , Connor switched the samples . Mo ! Hand me that gun ! Slowly . Now , the picnic 's not till the day after tomorrow . But I 'm sure , in a little while , you 'll be eager to attend . Let 's go . Mo , Mo ... But I chipped him . No ! No ! The world is a decaying , rotten place , Mr. McBride . Full of criminals and liars and adulterers and filth . In Fair Oaks , we 've shut all of that out . We live well here . People are happy . It 's a nice place . Your version of nice . Well , isn 't it always someone 's version ? And frankly , I prefer mine . No matter how many people you have to kill along the way ? For the greater good . I 'm sure you 're familiar with that concept . Now , if you 're thinking of leaving ... Well , I do believe you 'll have a change of heart really soon . And seeing as we 're having some trouble with our broadcast facility , I think that will extend my invitation personally . Come on , boss , it 'll be over in a second . - I ... - Don 't even say a word . You were close enough to chip that woman . Yes , I was . WELCOME TO FAIR OAKS A NICE PLACE TO LIVE Maureen and I met the first day of academy orientation . I was wearing jeans and combat boots , while she was sporting this ... Versace strapless and ... Ferregamo stilettos . The first thing I thought was how ... inappropriately she was dressed for a career in law enforcement . and secondly I noticed how much more attention the ... instructors were giving her than me . We were opposites in every way . Which is why , of course , the D.E.A. made us a team . And the weird thing is ... it worked . She turned out to be one tough chick ... who would had my back And I had hers . It worked out good . Until one day it didn 't . I can 't say that we were really friends , but in some ways ... it went a lot deeper than that . I mean ... how often do you trust your life ... to a friend . I trusted my life to Maureen every day . And when she died , she was part o a team that had her back too . She did her best . All of us . She knew that . We 'll miss her . I 'll really miss her . There was a time when all I 'd want it to go home , lock the doors , close the blinds and be left alone . No one in my face asking me if I wanted to talk about it . No one watching me with care and concern in their eyes . No one to feel sorry for , except myself . A lot 's changed . Right now , I don 't want to be alone at all .
