 4400 were taken 4400 were returned each has a unique ability one among them has amessage anyone can become extraordinary the risk is great but so are the rewards and now there 's no turning back The world will have to deal with us . Previously on the 4400 ... I 'm not tired . Are you worried about what you might dream ? Who 's cassie ? I 'm kyle 's ability . They did something to me last night . When we need him , he 'll be there for us . They put something into me . Where 's kyle ? Kyle and I agree.You 're not ready . You don 't understand what we 're trying to accomplish here . All right , then tell me , what is this place ? It 's a model for a better world . They 're just looking to make a better life for themselves , and they did . Promicin isn 't just here to improve the world . It 's here to bring heaven to earth . You 're supposed to make it happen , and I 'm supposed to help you . You are going to lead us all to god . So , what do we do now ? We 're going to seattle . Jordan ... everyone 's waiting . These are good people . Loyal . They believe in this new world I 've promised them . It 's not just a promise.It 's going to happen ... starting today . Once we take this step , there is no going back . I need you to tell me , kyle , that no matter the cost , no matter the sacrifice , this will all be worth it . You know it 's worth it , jordan . This is the right time.This is the right place . If you didn 't believe that , we wouldn 't be in seattle . Let 's go change the world . We believe in you , jordan . He 's here ! Three years ago , 4400 missing people , each with an extraordinary ability , reappeared in a ball of light , and the world wondered why . Six months ago , the promicin shot made those abilities accessible to anyone with the courage to take it , and again , the world wondered why . Today , we tell them why . Today , we answer all the questions , and after today , the world will never be the same . I 'm so sorry . I don 't know what 's wrong with me . Those noodles were so overcooked . Diana , stop apologizing . That 's the first meal I 've had in months that didn 't come out of a microwave or a take-out carton . All these years we 've been partners , and I haven 't had you over for dinner , and ... you never felt this sorry for me before . What ? Look , when a woman invites a man over for dinner , it 's for one of two reasons , attraction , or pity , and I 'm putting my money on pity . Well , between alana and kyle , you have had a tough run of it lately . Me too . I figured there 's nothing like overcooked pasta to start the healing process . You know , no matter how hard you rub that mole , it 's not going to go away . You 're right.It 's just a mole . I mean , I 'm still me.I 'm not one of the marked , or whatever . No , I never said you were . This job can mess with your head , huh ? Yeah . Speaking of work , what do you think of meghan ? she 's different . You know , from what you 'd expect for a boss . That 's a little noncommittal . Have you not noticed ? I think she 's a little ... a little focused on you . What ? Focused on me ? Mom , jordan collier . He 's about to do something . Something big . You saw him ? Did you have a vision ? Sweetie , where is he ? He 's here , in seattle . Kyle 's with him . He 's right here . The 4400 Season 4 Episode 7 Okay , maia , I 've imported your drawing into a graphics file . Now we can make any changes you want . You know , get it closer to what you saw . The reds , they should be a little darker , especially around the middle . Maia , are you sure this represents some part of seattle ? The picture had some kind of lines under the colors . Like that ? There 's a definite pattern here.Maybe it 's an elevation study ? Red for peaks , and blue and green for lower elevations . Yeah , and it could be a population survey , a study of homes of median income . Ethnic , religious groupings . Well , that narrows it down . Actually , it does . All those things require comprehensive data analyses , and those don 't come cheap . Which means a big corporate or a government study . Yeah , what , D.O.D. , N.S.A. , Census bureau . Odds are , this image is sitting in a government computer somewhere , which means I can find it . Kara ... you don 't have to leave . I didn 't want to overstay my welcome . Listen , I hope you 're okay with everything . I didn 't really plan on ... more than dinner and a movie ? It 's just , these last few days have been great , but your mom is a client , or she was a client . You make it sound like you were her lawyer . My mother had stage four leukemia . You saved her life . I just don 't want you to think that I make a habit out of sleeping with the people that I help . I know that . I 'd stay . I just have this appointment first thing in the morning . All right . I 'll call you . I guess that answers my question . I was going to ask you if you were sure you wanted to be a part of this operation . Believe me , I want collier caught as much as anyone . It 's not collier I was thinking about . It 's your son . Look , the only thing we have on kyle is taking promicin . I can still help him cut a deal , get him on the inhibitor , but the longer he 's with collier , the harder it 's going to be for me to help him . Are you sure he wants to be helped ? He 's my son . I 've got to believe I can still reach him . I 'm sorry . I know . it 's a toxicology study . I got it from the epa . The red areas indicate a high level of pollution , pink a little less , and then all the way to green , which ... marco , do you know where collier is ? Yeah . The duwamish river delta . South seattle.One of the most polluted places in the country . We 're talking old refineries , dead end streets , and rotting factories . So , not a nice place . Unless you want to hide , and then it 's perfect . That place is a maze . It could take days to do a complete search . Then you better get started , because according to what maia 's told us , whatever jordan collier 's planning , this is ground zero . Bobby , head that way.We 're going to cover this side . I still don 't understand why collier would risk coming back to seattle . It 's like he 's daring us to catch him . Well , we wouldn 't even know he was here if it weren 't for maia . It 's not like he 's showed up at a mariners game . This place is pretty low profile . I don 't think this qualifies as low profile . Somebody 's feeling pretty confident . Tom , what are those lights ? It 's almost like they 're marking some kind of perimeter . Maybe they 're warning lights , an alarm system . I 'm calling for back-up . This is skouris.We need help down at duwamish delta . Tom , what ? Tom ! Get back ! Well , we won 't be doing that again . Senator lenhoff is here . Senator , I didn 't know you were in town . Come to say hello to your favorite future councilman ? Actually , I 'm here to ruin your morning . " Sex for miracles " ? It 's all over the net . Every anti-4400 wingnut is running with it . This says that I forced kara to have sex with me in exchange for healing her mother . You know this girl ? I didn 't exchange sex for miracles , okay ? Or for anything else , for that matter . But you slept with her ? She asked me out to dinner.We went out on a date . We had a really good time.We went on a couple more dates . I like this girl . Farrell , did you or did you not have sex with this woman ? Last night . And it hits the net this morning . What does that tell you ? You think this is some kind of set-up ? I 'll have my people start digging . It should be easy enough to discredit her . A girl like this , there 's always something . Senator , let 's hold off on the character assassination until I at least talk to kara . Okay ? You want to play nice , give it a try , but if this girl 's who I think she is , tomorrow we come out swinging . Ese lights , or beacons or whatever . They must 've been built by one of jordan 's followers . They extend from here all the way to the river . They wall off about a square mile of buildings right in the most toxic part of the delta . We called in seattle P.D. And the guard . No one 's getting in or out without us knowing it . So collier 's backed himself into a corner . Yeah , all we have to do is figure out a way to get past these lights ... I think you 're going to want to see this . For too long , those of us with special gifts , the 4400s , and those who 've taken promicin , have had to conceal and even neglect their abilities . Well , I stand before you today to tell you the time for hiding is over , and that the time for miracles has begun , and it starts right here . Today , we claim this godforsaken piece of earth ours . Did this guy just say he 's annexing part of seattle ? It sounded like that . To make it whole again . Using our abilities , we will heal its toxic soil . We will cleanse its polluted waters , and we will turn this blighted place into a garden . For those willing to join us , we welcome you . All you need is an ability , and the willingness to become part of a miracle , but the blessings we bring will not just be limited to this small place , because this is the beginning of a much wider and deeper healing . Because the miracles we work here , we intend to work everywhere . Help us , work with us , and together , we can transform this world into a paradise . Yeah , assuming you take promicin and survive . For those of you unwilling to join us , all we ask is that you leave us in peace . If you insist on interfering , if you threaten us , or in any way attack us , there will be consequences , immediate , and severe . But I did not come to intimidate . This is a message of hope , for a better tomorrow , for a new world , and it begins here , in this ... city of hope . It starts here , in promise city . I 'd hate to have her job . Jordan collier grabs a chunk of seattle as his own personal fiefdom under her watch . Not going to earn her any brownie points in D.C. No one could have seen that coming . Tom , we 've got another . It 's an earthquake in the allegheny mountains , just outside of pittsburgh.52 on the richter scale . Miles from the nearest fault line . A tornado outside palm springs , a warehouse explosion in jersey , a tsunami on lake michigan.Now this ? Anyone hurt ? No , just like the others , property damage , but no injuries . Any closer to the city , though , it would have been different . Collier 's made a statement on the net . He 's claiming responsibility for all these mini-disasters . He 's calling them demonstrations . Just letting us know what will happen if we move against him . I mean , god knows how many people he has with abilities , scattered around the country just waiting for his signal . Baldwin . Hey , dad . Hey , kyle , you okay ? Yeah , I 'm fine . All right , good.Now , here 's what I want you to do . You go to the perimeter , you walk across , and you surrender to the first ntac agent you see . Dad , I 'm where I need to be . Things could get really ugly down there . You need to make sure that doesn 't happen . Promise city has to succeed.Everything depends on it . Is that what jordan collier 's been telling you ? Actually , that 's what I 'm telling him . You 're some kind of advisor to him now ? Something like that . Then advise him to end this thing right now ! I can 't do that , okay ? I know this is coming at you really fast , but you got to hear me out . There 's this book.It 's a prophecy.This ability that I have led me to it . This ability of yours.You still haven 't told me what it is . It 's complicated . It tells me what to do.It ... what 's important , and this book is important , dad . I mean , it 's almost 100 years old , but it talks about the 4400 , promicin , everything , and dad , it explains what needs to happen for paradise to come to earth , and promise city 's where it all starts . Once people see what we can do here , they 're going to want to be a part of it , and once that happens , according to the book , once everyone 's taken promicin ... I don 't know how else to say it . God is going to show his face . It 'll be heaven on earth . Are you still there ? Yeah , I 'm here . Wait ... kyle , think about what you 're saying . If everyone in the world takes this shot , half of them are going to die . You 're talking paradise at the cost of genocide . Dad , the world is falling apart . Okay , promise city has to succeed . You can 't let them destroy it . Listen , kyle , just ... can we just ... can we talk in person ? I mean , come home . I am home , dad . I 'll talk to you soon . Shawn , I thought you were smarter than this . I mean , are you really that surprised ? I saved your mother 's life ... and I will always be grateful for that . My mother was sick for three years . My parents went through their entire life savings . They gave me enough money to get my parents out of debt and start a life for myself , too . They ? Who 's they ? Lawyers . From back east , I think . Look , all I know is that they promised to take care of me , and they delivered . You sold me out for money . Shawn , people need you . They need what you can do . It doesn 't really matter if you get elected or not . You saying that because I 'm a 4400 , what you did is okay ? I had to look out for myself . I 'm not special like you.I had to look out for myself , so I did . He sounded rational , but the things that were coming out of his mouth ... I mean , heaven on earth , the face of god ? I 'd like to see this book he 's talking about.Just read the prophecy . And then what ? You know , take the shot and hope you survive , and then join collier in paradise ? Come on , what happened to diana skouris , professional skeptic ? Well , you know , tom , my daughter sees the future . We just have to consider the possibility that there could be something to this . That 's all . What the hell ? So this is D.C. ' S big plan ? Send in a hit squad to take out jordan collier ? With all due respect , ma 'am , we 're not a hit squad . But you 're not exactly trained to arrest people , are you ? Jordan collier is in open rebellion against the government . He seized U.S.Territory , declared himself above the law . What do you suggest we do , wipe his nose and read him a bedtime story ? Those are our options ? A bedtime story or a bullet to the head ? I was told to send in my guys , and that 's what I 'm going to do . What makes you think you could even get close to him ? We appreciate the concern , ma 'am ... but I think we can handle things . The enhanced soldier program . That 's still in operation ? The department of defense considers it a top priority . Maia , what do you mean , I have to save jordan collier ? The soldiers . They 're going to kill him . I saw it , and when they do , something terrible 's going to happen . Terrible ? Maia , what did you see ? It was just ... black . What , you mean the vision ended ? No , I was still having the vision , but it was like I wasn 't there anymore . No one was . Please , mom , you can 't let jordan collier die . Maia , I 'll do what I can . I promise . I know you will . Kyle ? What are you doing out here ? Cassie said I needed to wait here , so I 'm waiting . I was thinking maybe you could ask cassie what my role is in all this ? You 're part of it . I know that much . She told you that ? She tells me what she wants to tell me . And you just do what she says ? Does that bother you ? I guess it 's just a matter of faith . That 's what promise city is all about . Faith.Belief.Hope. Kyle , get back here ! Kyle , I think something 's happening . We got a report that someone managed to get past police lines and enter promise city . One of the dashboard cameras got some video . Maia ? Oh , my god . Maia ? Why aren 't you picking this up ? You get this message , you call me back immediately ! Maybe she didn 't take her cell phone with her . Maybe they took it away from her . Jordan 's not going to hurt her , diana . Maia went in there to warn him about the soldiers . She has an ability he 'd love to have access to . If anything , he 's probably treating her like a queen . Maia 's vision ended in darkness . That has never happened before . We have got to go in there and get kyle and maia to safety . Well , how do we get past the beacons ? Well , aquino and his men seem pretty damn confident they can get through . We go with them . It 's a military operation , diana . Lawton 's not going to let two NTAC agents just tag along . Then we don 't ask for permission . I was born three years ago . So that makes you , what , nine years older than me ? Almost ten . I literally grew up overnight . I didn 't understand what it meant to be an adult . You did a lot of bad things . I was told they were ... necessary.Important. But that doesn 't make it right , does it ? No.It doesn 'T . So what I 'm trying to say is that I 'm sorry for scaring you , and for hurting people you care about . Some things are so bad ... saying sorry just isn 't enough . I know . Maia skouris . Welcome to promise city . I understand you have something to talk to me about . I need to ask you something . Are you a good guy or a bad guy ? My mom can 't seem to make up her mind . I get that a lot . I 'll tell you what . I have something I want to show you . Then you can make up your own mind . Yesterday I promised you miracles . Today , I 'll show you one . This is the duwamish river delta . It 's one of the most polluted waterways in all of america . It 's loaded with cancer-causing chemicals , PCBS , toxic levels of mercury . It 's a blight . Anastasia ? Anastasia took promicin when her fiance was killed in a car accident . I 'm sure you 'll agree she 's developed a remarkable ability . Now , that 's what a river should look like . And that 's the way a river should taste . Come on in.The water 's fine . So , maia , now do you think I 'm a good guy or a bad guy ? Soldiers ... with abilities . They 'll be here soon . They 're coming to kill you . As much as I like to hear I was right , it 's not going to make a bit of difference . Yesterday , you said that we could deal with this . The sex scandal , sure , but jordan collier ? This whole promise city thing ? That we can 't get around . My position on jordan is very clear . I publicly condemned the man for handing out promicin . Your whole campaign was constructed around one concept ... yes , a middle path for both 4400s and non-4400s , one you sold to me , one I still believe in . There is no middle path now . Collier just blew it all up . Promise city.Miracles. We can 't compete with that . So that 's it ? You 're telling me to just drop out of the race . I 'm telling you you can 't win . It 's just up here . Henders , it 's your show . He 's east of here . Maybe ten blocks . Those guys get all the good tricks . Just be glad aquino can only do that camouflage thing when they 're standing still . We would 've lost them the minute they got out of their van . Diana , slow down . We don 't want to get too close . I don 't want to lose them . What the hell are you two doing ? Captain , we 're not here to interfere with your mission , okay ? My daughter , she 's inside promise city . I just want to get her out . Look , you two get caught , things get a lot messier for us . Surrender your weapons , I 'm going to cuff you , and we 'll pick you up on the way out . You obviously don 't have children . I said surrender your weapon ! Diana , run ! Okay , that 's not good . Look , I know you 're here . You can 't move when you hide . So I won 't hide . Aren 't you sneaky ? 10 : 00 A.M.In the garden.Good. Yeah , that works , thanks . Okay , now we work on your withdrawal speech . The important thing is , you go out with your head held high . Shawn , there 's some reporters downstairs . Tell them we 'll have the press conference tomorrow morning . No.I 'll see them now . I have some things that I want to say . Mr.Farrell ! What 's your relationship with kara sarkestian ? Did you receive sexual favors for healing her mother ? Are you in contact with jordan collier ? Please , please.First of all , in spite of my ability to heal , I am a normal person , and that means that I make mistakes . Obviously , I made one the other night . I regret that my misjudgment has distracted from the real issues of my campaign . Right now , as you all know , jordan collier is creating his own separate society in a place that he calls promise city , further widening the divide between people with abilities and people without . He says that he 's here to heal the world , but what he 's doing threatens to tear everything apart , which is why I have no choice but to continue my campaign , to continue to be a voice for unity and cooperation , and to provide a middle path that we can all walk together . I will answer those questions . Senator lenhoff , are you still backing Mr. Farrell ? You bet I am ! Shawn , can we get another statement ! Hey , mommy . Oh , maia , I was so worried about you . I 'm sorry.I had to warn jordan . Jordan ? It 's jordan now ? This place , mom . They 're doing all kinds of great stuff . You should see it . Some other time . We 're leaving.Now. - No . - No ? What do you mean , " no " ? We can 'T.We have to stay here . It 's safer that way . Bad day , huh , dad ? I 've had better . You going to cut me loose ? So now what ? We go see jordan . Gentlemen , you 're trespassing . Are you sure you won 't reconsider ? You could join us , keep your ability . That 's not going to happen . No , I suppose not . It pains me to see gifts like yours wasted . Isabelle ... make sure they 're escorted out of promise city . Collier , wait . This isn 't going to end . You 've painted a huge bullseye on this place . The government 's going to keep coming after you . Well , then I 'll just have to show them what a very bad idea that is . collier ! Just--just wait . Maybe I wasn 't clear . You are free to go . Maia , you can come back anytime . You can even stay here a while if that 's all right with your mother . Play sleepover in a war zone ? I don 't think so . Sending in those soldiers , it was a bad idea , but don 't make things worse by retaliating . People you work for are the problem . They need to learn to leave us alone . Your son has a point . You 've promised the world miracles . You 've even shown us some , but no one 's going to remember that once you start killing people . When people start dying , it 's a war . No matter how powerful you think you are , when it 's war , you lose . Don 't be so sure . My mom is right . If there 's a war , everyone loses . You saw this ? Just now , while you were talking . Please , you have to listen to my mother . So , what do you think , kyle ? Did maia get through to collier ? Will he hold off any reprisals ? He 's going to do what he thinks is right , but he won 't hurt anybody if he doesn 't have to . Well , I guess you can make it the rest of the way on your own . I 'll turn off the beacon so you can cross . Kyle , come with me . It could be your last chance . You never give up , do you ? No , and I never will . That book I told you about ? The prophecy ? Heaven on earth . Yeah , I remember . Well , in the book , there 's a list of 200 names . People who can take promicin and are guaranteed to survive . The last name on that list is you , dad . So , what are you trying to say , kyle ? I 'm destined to take promicin because it says so in some book ? Huh ? I 'm just saying you 're a very important person . And not just to me . I gotta go . I don 't know about you , but I 'm exhausted . Yeah , I 'm pretty tired , too . Maia ... this war , the one that you told collier about , what exactly did you see ? Actually ... I didn 't see anything . Sweetheart , it doesn 't matter how bad it is . You can tell me , because I need to know . No , mom , I mean I didn 't see anything . I didn 't have a vision . - I lied . - Why ? Well , I didn 't want jordan to hurt anyone , and he wasn 't listening to you . And you knew he 'd listen to you ? I hoped he would . I hope he did , too . You know , mom , jordan 's not a bad person . I think he 'S ... one of the good guys . Well , if he 's one of the good guys , what does that make me ? This is skouris . Be right there . How long have they been there ? They started gathering about 20 minutes ago . All right , here comes collier ... and kyle 's with him . And isabelle tyler . I thought you said no one could get close to those beacons . Someone must be shielding them from the effects . They 're moving the perimeter . That 's collier 's reprisal . He 's expanding promise city . So , what 's he saying ? The more we move against him , the more land he 's going to take . Today south seattle , tomorrow what , the world ? It 's twice as big as it was before . The 4400 Season 4 Episode 7
