 Tonight , all eyes are on the moon as scientists around the world are piecing together the causes of this unprecedented lunar phenomenon . We 're here on the campus of Plymouth Institute of T echnology to speak with staff astrophysicist , Dr. Lana Gale . Doctor , what can you tell us ? Well , basically , we 've been blindsided . The orbit of an undetected asteroid has intersected with the Moon 's orbit and the two have collided . While we would like to think that we would see something like this coming , the sky is a vast place , and unfortunately , we don 't have all the resources that we need to fully cover it . And what can you tell us of what we 're seeing up there ? What we 're seeing is an impact cloud of debris and regolith that will eventually subside . Regolith ? The powdery rock covering the lunar surface . So I guess the more urgent question would be is there any cause for alarm ? These things are always more alarming when they happen so close to home but the best approach is to wait and see what happens . React to what develops . As my father used to say , Dr. Lawrence Gale , " The universe is a case of unfinished business . " Thank you very much for your time , Dr. Gale . My pleasure . How was it , Tony ? You were awesome ! You exuded confidence and clarity and strength , and knowledge , and expertise , and--but , regolith ? That 's what it 's called . I know that , but the average viewer isn 't that knowledgeable . Did you eat anything ? 'Cause I kinda skipped dinner . I 'm sorry T ony , please go home . I 'll see you in the morning . No . I 'll pick us up something ; we 'll eat it here . We 'll celebrate . My treat . Tuna salad , no mayo , heavy Dijon . Thank you . Dr. Bender . Can you tell us whether the collision on the moon poses any danger here on earth ? Well , for obvious reasons it 's premature to launch into any kind of conjecture at this time . What I can say is that we at ASI are assuming the leadership role in interpreting incoming data gathered by the international scientific community . ASI is the definitive space agency in the world today , and we have our absolute best people analyzing this phenomenon . Very shortly we 'll , uh , we 'll be presenting our analysis to the White House , where a press conference will follow . One more question , what would happen if a similar asteroid were to hit the earth ? Depending on speed and trajectory , there would be global repercussions . Garth ? Dr. Lana Gale is on line two for you . Yeah , I got it . Thanks . Lana ? Thanks for calling . Have you seen the latest ? I 'm probably not as up to date as you are . What 's going on ? Our information on the halo is a--concern . What kind of a concern ? Preliminary data shows some of the asteroid fragments on a course that will bring them into earth 's orbit . Hey , John . You weren 't on the Moon last night , were you ? Hey , John ? All that dust and debris floating around , it kinda looks like your handiwork . If I was up on the moon last night doing my work ? It wouldn 't be there anymore . Copy that . Checklist . Good to go ? Yep . Let 's blow the building . All right , Ollie , how we looking ? Locked and stocked , buddy . Check it out . Good . Right on schedule . Looks like you 're gonna owe me 20 bucks , homie . I shake on that ? Oh , yeah . Well , the building ain 't down yet . Oh my God . Abort right now . Let 's go . We gotta stop the sequence . Bryna , shut it down now . No , the system 's not responding . Ollie ? I 'm trying to override it . Okay , let 's have some fun . What are you doing ? Bryna . Continue to rebalance the sequence . I 'm gonna go find that misfire . Talk to me on the radio . You can 't go up there ! We don 't know how that building 's gonna come down unless we rebalance the system . Ollie ? Figure out why that clock is still ticking and shut it down . I 'm on it . I 'll be back . Okay , Bryna , give me the location of that misfire . Ninth floor . 8A . OK , copy that ! Ollie ? Have you stopped the countdown ? John , the explosion messed up the whole system . It 's lit up like the Vegas strip . I 'm tryin ' to stop the detonator but it ain 't happening ' . I know you 've got my back , Ollie . So make it happen ! Everything I 'm seeing here says that the charges did not go off on their own . I think someone 's in there . Great . That 's all we need . Let 's get the cops , tell ' em what we got . If someone 's still in there who might keep settin ' things off , you won 't have enough time to fix it all . No ! I 'll have plenty of time . Cause you 're gonna fix that damn clock ! Hey ! It stopped ! How we doin for time ? ! There 's no rush anymore . The countdown stopped . What ? No ! That was the 5-minute warning . That means that clock is not off ! I 'm gonna have to reboot the whole system . John , where are you ? I 'm on the 9th floor now . Do I go left or right ? Left . No , right ! My left , your right ! Come on , Bryna . Focus , okay ? I 'm coming up on a large central room . In the middle of that room , you 'll find column 8A . Hold on , I think I got it . That 's the one that 's missing its charge . C 'mon , c 'mon ! Aaaah ! Help ! Hey , Joe ? Double-check lines 21A thru F. Okay . Are they still hot ? Yep , they 're hot . Dammit . Help ! Help me ! I 'm coming ! Okay ! Looks good ! You 're online and set to go , now get out of there ! Hello ? Help ! We 're gonna get you out of here . I got a guy up here . He 's pinned down by some debris . I gotta get him out . On three , I 'm gonna lift this up , pull your leg out . One , two , three . Get out of my house ! Hold on ! Stop ! This is my house ! I 'm trying to help you . Now listen to me . Your house is about to get blown to bits , understand ? John , just get out of there , please . I 'll be down in 90 seconds . Come on ! Less than a minute left ! I 've jacked the override into your system . See if you can get access . Watch out ! Come on ! You almost got it . Go , go , go ! Come on ! John , you gotta get outta there ! Move it ! John , move now ! Go , go , go ! Oh my God ! We now have three reported strikes of asteroid debris , and they 're not ordinary meteors , Lana . We 're missing something . Why are so many of them surviving atmospheric entry ? These objects aren 't that big . They should be burning up . Then it 's gotta be the density . The mass of the asteroid must have been much bigger than we anticipated . But it makes sense . Because you were right about the ecliptic plane . The lunar orbit 's shifted ? The numbers indicate a very gradual shift . And it could still self-correct but there 's already a rise in the sea levels and the jet stream is taking a complete nose dive south . Which means a big weather change . Yeah , the kind that triggers an ice age . Okay , have we located the point of impact ? No , nothing we can see . But we 've got satellites in motion . We should get images soon . Hey , Will , how long before we get a look ? The probes are on their way . I 'm in my office now . Did you copy Garth on this ? You should have a spectral image coming through . Yeah , yeah , I 've got it . Get your folks to work on that dark section . We 're having a hard time seeing through the halo . No problem . Hey , Will , take a look at this area . Get on that . I hope you 're not sugar-coating this to the suits in DC . No , but that 's why I 'd like you here . They 're gonna want solid answers . Which they 'd rather hear from someone else . Nobody 's gunning for you here , Lana . I was actually thinking more of--knives . Can we set aside the past ? I need you . You 'll run interference for me ? All I can . Okay . I owe you one . I 'll arrange a flight . See you soon , Lana . Remember when I said I 'd never go back to ASl ? I lied . Wanna beer ? Cheers ! Hey , next time , try not to scare the crap out of us . That 's all I 'm sayin ' . Copy that . So the deal with the homeless guy was this was his home and he was just trying to defend it . So I guess I can 't blame him . You 're lucky you got outta there . You know that ? You almost died . Yeah , but I didn 't . And the building came down perfectly . So , on to the next one . On to the next ? John . You 're not really gonna bust my chops right now , are ya ? Seeing as you almost got crushed , now is a perfect time . You can 't let your work own your life . And yours does . Come on , take that vacation . We don 't have anything coming up . Well , actually , we do have a demo possibly in Florida . OK , that 's it . I 'm outta here . Where you going ? Come on , don 't go , we 're celebrating ! Hey . I almost died today . It 's not funny anymore , John . She died three years ago . You need to take some time off . Your wife 's gone , John . She 'd want you to have a life where things grow and thrive and not just crumble . Don 't do that to yourself . G 'nite . Hey . Twenty bucks . Man , you gonna hold me to that ? Oh , yeah . Cough it up . Let 's go . Buddy , buddy , buddy . Don 't give me any lip . You want my firstborn , too ? Nope . That wasn 't the bet . See ya later . I 'll see ya later . Look alive , everyone . Lunar SAT 1 is on course for the outer edge of the debris field . We 've got some delicate maneuvering ahead . Telemetry ? What 's your status ? Telemetry is go for live camera feed . Multiple objects on forward radar . Calculating flight path . Maneuvering thrusters engaged . Will ? We ' ve got too many targets on the flight path . Guidance ? Abort this trajectory . Flight ? We 've got a proximity alert ! There it goes . Flight ? Lunar SA T 1 has signal loss on all channels . Repeat , signal loss on all channels . Rerouting lunar SA T 2 for orbital insertion . Whoa , whoa , whoa . Hey . You taking this ? T ony , I know it was radical at the time , but my father might have been on to something . Yeah , but what if all those people saying he was trying to preach the apocalypse decide to jump on you ? One person led that charge . victor Stevens . He had a lot of followers , most of them still work at ASl . They 're not gonna be too pleased to see this manuscript . Well , I have to take that risk . If my father 's work is relevant , I have to bring it to the table . Baltimore PD just escorted me to the crash zone . And it 's a mess . OK , Ollie . Start setting ' up our site right away and get me all the structural data you can find . I 'll call you from the plane . Thanks . OK . Before you say anything , I 'm sorry I 'm late . I ran over as soon as I heard . With a stop for coffee . And gas , without either I wouldn 't have made it . I did get us flights to Baltimore . We land in 3 hours . Seems to be lots of things dropping in on Baltimore lately . They said that there was some sort of asteroid hitting the moon and that some pieces could be headed this way . Yeah . I heard that too . Let 's go . As the reigning father figure in my life , tell me that everything is gonna be okay . Everything is gonna be okay . Okay ? Okay . Thank you . Lana , it 's been a long time . It has . Thanks for getting here so quickly . Baltimore may not be a unique event . I 'm working on a theoretical model but I 'll need to get on your system and crunch the numbers from the latest data . Oh my God ! What is it ? It 's lost mass . What ? It 's lighter . According to these figures , it 's lost 762 billion metric tons of mass . Which means the meteors aren 't the asteroid debris . They 're the moon . Took you long enough . Flight was delayed . This weather 's not exactly predictable . It 's not exactly easy for search and rescue either . Everyone accounted for ? 50 dead . Almost 200 injured . That 's what they 're reporting so far . All right , what are we looking at ? The buildings toppled inward , onto each other , but enough of the bases stayed intact to hold ' em up for a while . OK . So we 've got an hourglass . Hourglass ? It 's the most difficult to bring down . Tricky to manipulate but you just gotta be precise . On top of which , the local hospital serving the wounded ? Is right across the street . This thing just keeps getting better and better . OK , we 've got a bit of a challenge here . Let 's put our heads together . What 's next , Garth ? While the team is working over your findings , you can install yourself here in my office . Have you released a statement ? We explained the Baltimore event was a meteor . We haven 't let on about the possibility of more . And for the moment , our analysis of the lunar impact site is on its way to Washington . The next statement comes from the White House . What about weather changes ? Tides are rising all over the world . Right now , incoming meteors are priority one . This is the new data on the crater coming in from Lunar SAT 2 . We 're gonna have a departmental meeting to discuss the situation . I 'd like you to join us . Give us your views . I can tell you right now , we 're gonna need outside specialists . What 'd you have in mind ? According to this city grid , it looks like we 've got an acceptable fallout zone to the northeast . We can tunnel under the foundations from that corner . Then we should be able to place charges to direct the hourglass collapse . Excuse me . John Redding ? Yeah , that 's me . Your services have been requested by the American Space Institute right away . What do they want with me ? I 'm not at liberty to discuss details . In all due respect , Sir , take a look around . I 'm kinda needed around here . Can 't this wait ? This order is authorized by the President requesting the best in your field . That 's you . Refusal is not an option . Well . God bless America . Ollie , you 're back in the saddle . Can you handle this ? Yeah , but you just get back quick . I will . John , listen- - Here 's your shot to prove yourself . Now . First chance you get you email me the structure CAD and all the blast points . Where are they taking you ? Listen , you 're my eyes and ears on this one . OK ? Fine . Be careful . I 'll be back . The data now coming in from Lunar SA T 2 has completely changed our understanding of the lunar impact . The meteorites were originally thought to be the remains of the asteroid that struck the Moon . It has now been confirmed that they 're actually massive pieces of the Moon itself . Instead of leaving an impact crater , this asteroid has literally cracked the lunar surface open . The orbital shift it caused is gradual , however it 's already having an adverse effect on ocean levels and the jet stream . And this is just the beginning . The Moon is now entirely unstable . This computer graphic shows the growth of the fissure , which we 're calling the Rima Fault because of its location at the Rima Sirsalis . As gravitational forces continue to exert their pull on the fractured moon , the size of the Rima Fault will increase until it moves past the critical . If this happens , the result will be a civilization-ending event . For the moment , there 's little we can do about deteriorating weather or incoming lunar debris , but we must stop the breakup of the Moon . Our only chance is to find a way to stabilize the structure of the Moon , specifically the Rima Fault . This is our clock . And it 's unpredictable . So we need to find out how big the Rima Fault actually is , how fast it 's growing , moving , shifting , down to the last millimeter . If everything comes together , we will have one shot , one window , to beat the deadline and save the moon . And we can 't be wrong . We 're depending on your calculations . Thank you , Lana . All right everyone . You heard it . Let 's get back to work . Well , apparently forecasting the apocalypse runs in the family . Although your daddy never had such dazzling visual aids . Victor , if you think things are exciting , stick around , they 're about to get very interesting . Oh , I intend to stick around . See , my good friend , The President , yeah , he heard we had some trouble on the moon . He thought it might be a good idea for me to come down here and help ... fix it . Make sure we don 't go off half-cocked , as they say . I think now would be a good time to run that interference , Garth . No , no , no . Garth , don 't bother . Look , I don 't wanna get in anybody 's way here . But like you said , we do only get the one shot . I just wanna make sure it 's right . Well , that makes two of us . I will be with you shortly . Okay . Thanks for the heads up , Garth . victor Stevens ? He 's here to help . Yeah , help himself . Mr. Redding , sorry for all the mystery . I 'm Garth Pender , this is Dr. Lana Gale . Thank you so much for coming . You guys didn 't give me much choice . Yeah . We 're sorry about that . We 're experiencing a crisis . I noticed . I 'm not sure you know what caused the mess you were cleaning up in Baltimore . A meteorite . Right . The first of many . Our moon has suffered a great impact and we believe the damage runs deep to the lunar core . Please , I 'd like you to follow us ? We 've prepared a mock up here as a visual aid . That 's fine , thank you . Wow , that 's some crack . Immense pressure continues to pull this section open wider . Eventually this entire quarter will break away and find its way into Earth 's gravitational pull . And then what ? When that hits us , we go the way of the dinosaurs . You guys are serious . You should know what you 're up against , if you 're gonna help us stop it . I 'm just a demolitions expert . On Earth . I don 't know anything about the Moon . Nobody knows more about how things collapse in on themselves than you . Now we need your expertise to see if we can make the walls of the crevasse cave in . Just lock this entire section in place . Stop the breakup . Wait a second . You guys wanna put charges on the moon . Seriously , with all due respect , I really just think I 'm way out of my league . Nothing like this has happened in the history of Man . This is way out of everybody 's league . We 're not asking you to go to the moon . We 're just asking you to be part of our team . At this point , the Atlantic is one huge staging area for a massive hurricane activity . In fact , there are several Category Five storms in different places , all at the same time . This is something that 's never happened in all the time that man has kept track of weather . Call it an act of God , call it an eco-nightmare . One thing is for sure . This is a weather disaster the likes of which no one has seen in the modern era . T ell me what you got . Fresh Intel from ASl on an incoming asteroid . Big ? Latest estimate gives it an 8 on the T scale . We got birds in the air ? Patrolling a 30 mile grid . Ten minutes awaiting orders . What kind of payload are we talking about ? Sidewinders , Sir . Well , let 's get 'em climbing . Delta 1 , Delta 2 , Scramble factor six . At 2 niner 2 . Trajectory uplink in five . Roger control , we 're on our way . We 're at 15 , 000 tracking inbound . We have initiated afterburner climb for intercept . Got visual . Arming . All right , gentlemen , let 's make this happen . Cloud cover . Lost visual . I 've got visual . Missiles away . He took the shot ! Target is destroyed . He got it . That was too close . We got lucky . What else is on its way ? We 're tracking inbounds , but nothing rating on the T-scale . Atmospheric burn-ins . Keep on this , Lieutenant . I want jets in the air and I want constant updates from ASl . The tricky part is to calculate what we call reaction mass . It 's how we decide how big a blast it 's gonna be , and where we 're gonna place it . Can we determine that from this information ? Well , I 'm sure that we can ballpark it . But I can tell you right now . This blast is gonna have to be massive . Definitely nuclear . And the variables will keep changing with the fault growing all the time . Nuclear blasts . Well , looks like I got here right on time . John Redding , this is victor Stevens . Chief adviser to the White House . Welcome aboard , Mr. Redding . Thank you . Pleasure to meet a man with such an illustrious family tradition of blowing ' things up . Although , before you go putting the moon on your resume , I think you should both know that I have informed the President of what happened on Miranda . We don 't know happened on Miranda . That 's sheer speculation . What 's Miranda ? Miranda is one of Uranus' 1 5 moons . A research flyby in ' 86 revealed that she 'd been struck by a massive impact . Cracked her surface wide open . But- - over time see , she put herself back together . There 's absolutely no conclusive evidence to support that . Besides , our moon has a solid iron core , which was shattered just as my father predicted . Nothing will stabilize the moon unless we do that ourselves . The moon 's structure is much less rigid . It 's perfectly capable of displacing the energy from a massive impact . Until I see something that makes me feel otherwise , that is all we 're going to do . There is a fracture running clear through the moon . And you just want to do nothing . We do nothing , the moon ... will do something miraculous . The moon does not have an iron core . Its gravity will stabilize it . Your father was wrong . Look , this isn 't personal . We are going to rely on the prevailing wisdom which is the best we 've got . Five hundred years ago , prevailing wisdom said that the earth was flat . Just because it 's popular does not make it right . Look at that . The President . Probably wants to hear how we 're reappropriating his nuclear arsenal . I think I 'll tell him we need three bombs : the Nina , the Pinta and the- - and that other one , whatever its name was . Santa Maria . Bingo ! Is this a bad time ? No , it isn 't . Guys , please , I 'd like to introduce you to our Mission Crew for the shuttle Perseus . Major Rachel Fine . Captain Ben Halberstom . Pleasure . You 're a demolition expert ? That 's me . Why don 't we go down to the conference room and I can brief you ? Good idea . Hey , Garth ? Mission Crew ? What happened to leaving things alone ? I mean , what if the moon could fix itself and victor 's right ? Well , what if Lana is right and we 're unprepared ? Now he may have the President 's ear , but this is still my agency . And it is still within my authority to call for full contingency readiness . And I am . Thanks . Ma 'am . They just upgraded the storm . Oh , good . Can 't wait . They just shut down the 95 . The equipment is not getting ' here anytime soon . How are we gonna take this thing down without our pneumatic drills ? Forget I said anything . You wanna shut this down ? We are not shutting down . We are gonna do exactly what John told us to do . I hope they had a good reason for pulling ' him outta here . What would ASl want with John ? And why now ? Radar has detected a cluster of meteors coming in . We should alert the Mexican government of possible strikes . Hope you don 't mind . I was flipping through that book you have on your desk . Your Dad wrote that . Yes . And I don 't mind . He would 've wanted somebody to read it . And he predicted all of this ? Pretty much . Don 't you think he should be here too , helping us ? My dad passed away a few years ago . Before he died , he wrote a thesis based on lunar anomalies . Anomalies ? You know ? I don 't think I got to that page . But , he was right . Right ? In the scientific community , the debate between fact and truth can get brutal . Victor came out against my Dad 's theories . Managed to destroy his credibility . I had just finished school at the time . I was trying to get my foot in the door at ASl . And I made the mistake of distancing myself from the controversy . I left my dad hanging . So as to not tarnish my reputation . He passed away shortly after that . I 'm sure he 'd be quite proud of the work you 're doing now . Listen . If there 's anything I can do to help , please let me know . You could fly up to the Rima Fault and bring me back some mineral samples . That would help me out . Yeah ? Well , no problem . Lana ! victor 's called an emergency meeting to discuss the Mexico impact . The three meteors that struck Mexico City were massive in size . Hey . Hey . We 're tracking additional lunar debris . This probably won 't be the last time we get hit . ... Ieveling hundreds of blocks of the city . May I have everybody 's attention please ? Mexico City and the surrounding areas are gone . Repercussions from the latest impact are being felt all the way to Oklahoma . The moon 's condition is getting progressively worse . Apparently , it is not fixing itself . So the White House has given us a full go for a shuttle mission . Garth ? With the Rima Fault continuing to grow , and the weather systems getting progressively worse , we have to launch within 48 hours . So let 's talk specifics . John ? How are we coming with those reaction points ? Well , my initial calculations show we 've got four potential blast points . The problem is those keep changing all the time because the fault is growing . And I 've got another question about our blast targets . What about them ? I 'm just trying to figure out exactly what kind of magnetic force are we dealing with when it comes to the moon ? Minimal . The magnetic forces disappeared billions of years ago . Right . So what if we were able to bring it back ? Instead of thinking about blasting , what if we looked at this as more of a welding job ? I hate to disappoint you , but the moon is not made of steel girders . That still seems to be a point of contention around here , vic . You say the moon doesn 't have an iron core . But Lana thinks there 's enough to give us some pull . We really just don 't know exactly what the moon is made of . So what I 'm wondering is if we could create a magnetic charge and put it in the right spot to one side of the Rima Fault , well then maybe , we can get this thing to fall in on itself . Do you realize the conductor you 'd need on that scale ? It 's impossible . A MEG . Theoretically , it would have enough conduction . We have our solution . There 's no evidence the moon has an iron core . We are not going back to the drawing boards . You need to pin down the coordinates for the nuclear blast points . What 's a M EG ? Mass Electromagnetic Generator . It 's a device that carries a very large electromagnetic pulse wave as part of the blast wave . Sounds like my kinda metal . What if we could get one big enough ? How do we make this work ? Who 's your best engineer ? A MEG charge ? Are you on drugs ? It can 't be done . The materials are way too fragile , way too unstable when combined which makes them way way too dangerous to be handled on Earth , let alone in space . Then I guess it 's a good thing that the President 's boy 's not here . Albert , I can think of a million reasons why it won 't work . I need your help with one that will . If I was to come up with a concept , the only way to keep this whole thing from detonating on launch is to keep the activators separate until you 're in place . So it is possible . Did I mention that the two main ingredients in a MEG charge are liquid helium and uranium ? Do you have any idea what happens when you mishandle those two guys ? Can it be done ? And another thing . You are not gonna pass this off on some ASl pilot . This is heavy ordnance . Get this to someone who knows what they 're doing . Who 's that gonna be ? You ? ' Cause it ain 't gonna be me . Albert ? We need a straight answer . Can it be done ? I 'll come up with something . But what I 'm most concerned about is you launching my shuttle in this storm . She just wasn 't made for that . Damn . Yeah . Hey . It 's me . You guys OK ? John . Can you hear me ? Yes . What 's your status ? They 've elevated the winds to gale force . We can 't get any of our gear in here , besides these buildings are not looking too stable . Where the heck are you ? Wishin ' I was still there with you guys , believe me . The weather service says this lightning 's gonna get a lot worse . Conditions are not gonna get any better for blasting . Should we shut it down ? Yeah . I want you guys to get outta there . Evacuate everybody out of the area and shut it down . I need you to do one more thing before you go . What 's that ? I need you to find a piece of that meteor and bring it to ASI . Okay . Bryna ! Did you get it ? Yeah . Good , let 's get the hell out of here . It 's comin ' down ! Let 's go go go go ! Aaaaaaahh ! Come on , guys . Pick it up . John ? John , listen we have two of our best shuttle pilots , but ... on this one , we need a mission specialist . That specialist is you , John . You want me to go on the shuttle . I don 't have any training to go to the moon . OK ? We need you up there . We only get- - One chance , I understand that . We can 't force you to go . You 'll have first hand visual . We 'd feel more comfortable if it was you up there , pulling the trigger . All nuclear reactions have a magnetic charge . It 's that entirely destructive element of the nuke we 're trying to avoid here . So , by using the electromagnetic pulse of the nukes to boost the magnetic charge of our MEG , we can create a force powerful enough to recharge the magnetic field of the Rima fault . In theory . For how long ? Long enough for the moon 's own gravity to take over . I 'm just giving it a jump start- - in theory . I heard that you were going to accompany the M EG on board the shuttle . Well , with the situation being what it is , yeah , I 'm in . Now listen Albert , this MEG charge , it 's gotta- - MEG what ? What 's going on here ? We 're just exploring options . Ah . Exploring options . Well , we don 't need any options . The nukes are on their way . And when they get here , I don 't want so much as a spit polish to go on them without my authorization . Is that clear ? Yes . Good . Some big seismic numbers coming in . How big ? That 's a 40 % jump from the last one . Will ? What 's our status ? Launch site weather is getting much worse . Garth . This is insane . We can 't go up in this storm . Nothing can . That 's not an option and you know it . Anyone you put up in that shuttle is on a one way trip to oblivion . We 're all facing oblivion ! Get used to the idea . If we lose power , they 'll be flying blind , that 's if we get off the pad . They will make it off the pad . There 's no alternative . Now the time for caution and second guesses , that 's long gone . This mission is a go . Do you understand ? Then push it up . Get them the hell out of here before it gets any worse . victor , you can 't still be convinced the nuclear warheads are going to do the job . The moon is doing exactly what my father said it would indicating he was right about the iron core . You just go on like the facts don 't exist ! There are billions of lives at stake ! We need to be rational . And we need to be right . We 're pushing the launch up . Lift off is five hours from now . The weather leaves us no choice . John . I need a moment . I just got some news from Baltimore . Those buildings have collapsed . What about my team and Bryna ? We don 't know . I mean , we could try but- - John ! Tell me we have a solid plan . Yes . We do . We go with the nukes . Mr. Stevens , we 'll need your authorization , Sir . It 's getting pretty bad out there . If you want to be alone , I can wait . No , come in . I heard about what happened . The buildings . I 'm sorry . Garth has some folks trying to contact city officials to locate your colleagues . Is that her ? No . That 's my wife . She passed away three years ago . So when you said earlier that you 'd lost somebody special , I understood what you were talkin ' about . I 'm just standing here wondering if she was still around would I still want to do this . Would you ? I think you would . The storm just hit tropical status . They 're reporting gusts of up to 75 miles per hour . I 've gotta get you up in the air , John . Let 's go . Launch pad wind velocity 63 miles per hour from the southeast . Doppler is showing gusts to 71 mph at 30 , 000 feet . Control ? Payload is secured . OK , Shuttle Perseus , we are at T minus three to launch . Hope everyone 's comfortable . Comfortable ? I 'm strapped onto the world ' s biggest vibrating whale about to blast through a hurricane and this guy 's talking comfortable . Sorry , John ? You can hear me ? Oh , yeah . We 're all wired in . visual , too . OK . Sorry . That 's good to know . Control , we 've got full green on O2 and Nitro , tanks 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 . Please confirm . Confirmed , Captain . I 'm handing over full system access to you now . T emperature is holding steady on nuclear pulse engines 1 and 2 , confirm ? Roger , Perseus . Nuclear pulse engines 1 and 2 are solid . Nuclear pulse ? I thought they were in the test phase . They are . You 're joking , right ? You know a faster way to get to the moon , victor , I 'm all ears . OK Perseus . Looking for your readiness to proceed with launch . Over ? Roger control . We are locked in , temperature 's a go , pressure 's a go , Roger that . T minus 2 minutes to launch . Control , we 've got some flashing red up here . Standing by . She 's got a wind sheer warning . Bypass it . OK flight directors , I want a go no go for launch . CapComm Perseus . Go launch . Go for launch . Retro ? Go launch . Trajectory ? No go for flight . I 've got a no go signal for flight . Booster . No go , Flight Director . Negative . I 've got a no go for launch . Oh , perfect . Four nuclear bombs , two nuclear pulse engines aboard a no go flight . T minus 1 minute to launch . Navigation ? Give me your pre-flight status . Flight , navigation is no go for launch . We have red lights across the board . We cannot launch this thing . We must abort now . 30 seconds to launch . Don 't . It 's not gonna get any better out there . They 're gonna be thrown around like deck chairs . I can 't do this ! Will , you listen to me . I 'd like to give you 70 degrees and sunshine so you could launch properly . But I 'm afraid that 's not gonna happen . Now don 't you turn that key . T minus 20 seconds to launch . Ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one- - We have main engine ignition . Shuttle Perseus has cleared the tower . We 've got three reds , Perseus . Roger control . We sustained a lightning strike . Control , we are losing trajectory . Raise secondary thrust 20 percent . Copy that . Standing by . Control , we are losing horizon . Storm wind velocity has hit 87 miles per hour . Flight ? They 're being blown off course . Raise secondary thrust 30 percent . Come on , come on ! Will , that 's not doin ' it . Perseus , we 're going to change course heading to straighten you out . Adjust trajectory . 30 degrees north west with the wind . Locking onto course . Come on ! Stabilizing . Control , roll maneuver is successful . We are back on trajectory . Shuttle Perseus has booster separation . Control , we are hypersonic and away . Ladies and gentlemen , we have safe lift-off of Shuttle Perseus lunar mission . Godspeed . You still with us , John ? Yeah , most of me . With the risky launch of the Shuttle Perseus from storm-battered Houston , there is now hope that the ASI shuttle crew can avert the threat of disaster approaching our planet . Today we are one planet without borders or differences . And every thought and prayer is with the crew of the Shuttle Perseus as they set out to achieve what some say is impossible . Well , I never thought I 'd hear myself say it but- - that was better than blowing ' up a building . Control , we are ready to leave orbit . Roger Perseus . Proceed with trans-lunar injection . On your mark . Nuclear pulse engines engaged . Nuclear pulse ? For when 20,000 miles per hour just ain 't fast enough . Hold on to your hats . Control ? We have a problem . Advance radar is tracking incoming lunar debris and it 's right on our flight path . Roger Perseus . You are cleared for evasive action . Repeat , you are cleared for evasive action . Roger control , we ' re on the move . Control ? Evasive maneuvers successful . You 'd better start tracking those bogeys . By my calculations , they 're in the Earth 's gravity and heading your way . And a couple of those rocks looked bigger than the Mexico meteor . Just in the last hour , this storm has really started to bear down on the city . Power is reported being lost in two-thirds of the homes and officials are calling for a complete and immediate evacuation evacuation of the entire tri-county area . But with similar storms storms ravaging the entire coast and the imminent mood can be striking anywhere at any time , the question remains : Evacuate to where ? For now , it appears there 's no escape from this earthstorm . What in the hell ? Everybody , stay calm . Stay calm ! Go to generator power . That 's gonna put us on a bit of a clock . We got limited time on the generators . If we can 't get the power back up , we 'll lose them completely . They need us to fly home . Will ? I need a precise time estimate on our remaining power . I 'm workin ' on it . Someone to see you . What do you got ? OK , call downstairs , tell ' em to crank it up . I really need to see my boss , John Redding . It 's very , very important . Bryna ? I 'm Dr. Lana Gale . We are so glad that you 're OK . Thanks . I really need to see John Redding . It 's urgent . Will you settle for a video feed ? John 's on the shuttle Perseus , a few thousand miles from the moon . The moon ? You can speak to John right over here . Oh my God . Will , pull up a video feed on John . Uh , John , you there ? Bryna , is that you ? Yeah . Oh , hey , can you see me ? Yeah , I can . Look , I know I said you needed to get away , but this is a little ridiculous . Listen , thank God you 're alive . How 's Oliver ? Oh , he 's fine , he 's fine , he 's banged up and in the hospital but , uh , but he 's gonna be okay . John , you 're coming back , right ? Oh , yeah . That is most definitely on this itinerary . Good , because I went to hell and back to get that thing you asked for . You got it ? Great . Be sure you get it to a woman named Lana Gale . You be sure you give it to her . Yeah . She 's right here next to me . You did great . If you can believe it , they 've got me overseeing a blast job that 's gonna save the moon . Now you get that sample to Lana , and I 'll see you around . Stay safe down there . Yeah . Bye , John . Where did you get this ? A meteor crater in Baltimore . I 'm in the lab ! Perseus is on target . Entering the outer phase of the debris field . Control , we 're taking evasive action . Buckle up guys , this could get a bit rough . What 's that ? Restraint . Something 's wrong . Something 's wrong with the nukes ? Yeah , I 've got to go and secure the cargo hold . Continuing multiple targets on forward radar . Ahhhh ! Ohhh ! What the hell is that ? Flight , we 've lost communications feed and secondary hydraulics . We 've been hit . How bad ? All directors report your status . Communications , get us back online . Ben , you all right ? Ben ! Rachel , Ben 's down . What happened ? I think he 's unconscious . Shuttle Perseus , what 's your status ? Control , we 're clear of the debris field for now . The shuttle sustained a hit and Ben 's been hurt . How about the payload ? Got knocked around a little bit . John 's with Ben now . Just secure that payload . Forget about Ben . John , do you hear me ? Yes , I hear you . Now could you shut up , victor ? If that payload gets damaged , nothing else is gonna matter . I just hope Ben doesn 't have a serious neck injury . I 'm inspecting the nukes now . They seem to be OK . Just a detached cargo clip . Payload secured . Thank you . Okay , how much longer ? Hold on , hold on . That 's interesting . What ? That 's interesting . What ? I 'm printing . That 's interesting , right ? Control , we 're approaching the Rima Sursalis . Our first clear view of the fault should be any minute now . John ! Are you seeing this ? Whoa . Looks like we 've got our work cut out for us . My father was right , victor . The lunar core is composed mainly of dense metals . It 's not a fantasy anymore . It 's a fact . It 's full of uranium , iron--the list goes on . And it 's far from the structure of M iranda . My father 's theory was just proven . Correct me if I 'm wrong but doesn 't that mean we should 've sent a MEG instead of the nukes ? John ? John , are you there ? It 's Albert . That sample that you sent proves that the moon has more iron in its structure than we were planning for in our blast . Please tell me that you guys are kidding me right now . I wish I was . But we 're working on a solution . Right . O K , you know where to find us . Rachel , we can 't use the nukes . What ? Why ? The moon surface is too rigid . It wouldn 't sustain the shockwave . Make the whole situation worse . John , come in . This is Albert again . Yeah . We are gonna try to convert the nukes up there into a M EG charge . We almost have it figured out . John , you still there ? John , I know it sounds crazy but we 've been able to assemble a puzzle down here using elements of the shuttle and the nukes to come up with a plan that actually works . I hear you Lana . My only question is obviously we can 't put a M EG charge where we were gonna blast . OK , where do you suggest we go ? Will , are you on ? We 're here , John . See if you can figure out for me where the epicenter of all this seismic activity is within the fault . Can you do that ? Kinda find out where the fulcrum is . Copy that , John . I 'll put the geology team on it right away . Did you get all that ? Yep . Good . 'Cause you 're gonna have to get us there . Right . I 'm on it . Just be careful in here . This is Shuttle Perseus to Control . Standing by for instructions . Shuttle Perseus , you are clear to maneuver . Roger , control . We 're on the move . All right , Albert , what 's the first step ? T alk to me . OK , John , we need a timing trigger . There 's a heating circuit in your equipment that you 're not using right now . Where ? Look for a bin labeled MF431 . Look for the orange label . Orange MF431 . Got it . Go ahead . You are gonna pull out the igniter module . And we can marry it to the payload circuit path . Ahh ! If you see anything green , don 't touch it . Can you confirm that message for me ? Nothing green . Are you digging ? Did you find it ? It 's clearly marked . Right , got it . Next ? John ? Go to the circuit boards towards the flight deck . You 'll see a row of black circuit panels . Which one ? The one labeled channel interface . Behind that panel you 'll find the tubing that you need . They 're cut . Next . Follow that cable to the junction box . Can I help you find something ? Hey . Good to have you back , buddy . How can you maximize the liquid hydrogen ? Will ? Geology 's come up with a new drop point coordinates . We 're gonna have to go straight to the core . We 've calculated a flight path down through the fissure . Got new coordinates coming in for you , Perseus . We 're taking you down into the fissure . Roger , Control . Coordinates received . It 's gonna be dark down there . Definitely the weirdest bomb I ever built . We 've got a problem . What is it ? I 've done a recalculation based on our solenoids . Solenoids ? What about them ? The maximum power you can expect to get out of that contraption about one hundredth of what you need . What ? No ! It 's the velocity . It won 't give you the pull you need . He 's right . It 's not gonna work . We underestimated the conduction we got . John ! Yes ? You better hold on to something . Control ? We 're approaching the new drop point . Oh , this isn 't lookin ' good . John ! We 've got increasing seismic activity . We 've gotta get out of here now or we 'll get trapped . Albert ? Lana ? T alk to me guys . John , listen . I 'm afraid I have some bad news . The M EG won 't work either . The lines of force are too small . What do you mean , too small ? I thought you guys had this all figured out . We 've got to blow this thing . John , this is Victor . It won 't work . It 's over . It 's not over . What is the problem ? John , it 's the magnitude of force we can 't change . The maximum field we can create up there with what we 've got is just not gonna make a difference . Lana ? Come on . We are up here . Let 's drop this sucker . Maybe it will work . He 's right . This is all we have , we need to go . No ! There 's gotta be something we 're missing , Garth . We have got to make sure the shot works . Come on guys . Help us out up here , OK ? Think . What do we have on board this ship that 'll make this thing work ? They just don 't have the power . We 're draining crucial generator time . We can 't push this any longer . Wait a minute ! The engines . They 're sitting on two nuclear pulse engines ! The pulse engines ! Ben , we can get access to those , right ? Is that an option , guys ? Can that be made to work ? Albert ? Lana ? Talk to me . I think so . Yeah , it 's definitely possible . OK gang . Here we go . John , we have got to get out of here now ! The seismic activity is increasing . Copy that , Rachel . We 're almost there . What do I do next , Ben ? The control panel is above the engine . The access code is 8491 1 38 . 1 , 3 , 8 . Got it . Now what ? Now use the winch to slide the MEG inside the engine . But please be careful . Those engines are extremely fragile . But the two charges need to be balanced , and we don 't know that they are . The line of force could still be too weak . But that 's when the moon 's gravity kicks in . Please for once , just trust me . Fault index is approaching the critical . Oh dammit . Everyone just listen up . I want you to shut everything down ! Let 's restart those generators . Where 's Will ? C 'mon get me voice-comm back as soon as possible . You got it . Right , let 's load this sucker . Hold on ! John ! Hang on ! Rachel ? What the hell is that ? You okay back there , John ? Yeah , I 'm fine . Control . This is Shuttle Perseus . Do you read ? Get those back up generators online now ! Tell the President they 're about to deploy the MEG . All right , here we go . Okay . We 're locked and loaded . Come on . Don 't do this to me . Control , this is Shuttle Perseus , do you read ? Albert ? Albert ! John ? We lost all communication . Well , get ' em back for me now . I can 't ! The problem 's in Houston . What happens now ? Jettison the engines . We detonate en route according to your calculations . Copy that . All right . The MEG is set to go . I can calculate detonation timing on the fly . Copy that . Release those suckers . We gotta get the hell outta here . Got it . Shuttle Perseus ? Can you read me ? Over . Shuttle Perseus ? Do you read ? Over . Here we go . Shuttle Perseus , can you read me ? Over . Rima fault has hit the critical . Repeat . Rima fault has hit the critical . Oh my God . We are recording massive seismic disturbances and rapid growth in Rima Fault . John . If you can hear me . You 've got to detonate . Get out of there John . He 's coming apart . Hold on . What are you waiting for ? I gotta wait for a surge in magnetic density within the fault . We are recording ongoing and accelerating seismic activity . Blow the damn thing ! It 's too late . There it is ! Hold on . We have a MEG detonation . We are picking up a magnetic spike and MEG detonation ! Magnetic amplification of Rima Fault has peaked . We have continuing seismic activity in the fault zone . The fault index is dropping . It 's stabilizing . Radar imaging shows Rima Fault is closing . It 's working . It 's working ! The lunar orbit is stabilizing . Repeat , the lunar orbit is self-correcting . Shuttle Perseus , do you read me ? Shuttle Perseus , can you read me , over ? Shuttle Perseus , this is mission control do you read , over ? Shuttle Perseus , can you read me , over ? Shuttle Perseus , this is mission control . Do you read , over ? Shuttle Perseus . Can you read me ? This is Shuttle Perseus . We 're coming home . Thank you all . Good work . Great job . The Perseus Shuttle mission has succeeded ! ASI just announced that the lunar orbit is returning to normal and that Earth , its tidal and weather systems have averted disaster . You finish it ? Just now . Well , then this will be right on time . It 's the foreword that victor wrote . A foreword ? Should I be concerned ? No , it 's actually not too bad . He apologized for everything he said about your dad and he even gives you a compliment . In his own kinda sorta arrogant victor way . That must have been humbling . So it 's basically seven days a week , 365 . So when do you have time to go out ? Like off campus kinda stuff ? Off campus ? How are we looking ? Beautiful . The movers are bringing in everything as we speak . Lana , the offices are huge . It 's gonna be awesome ! Offices ? Garth wants me back . And I want to be back . This is where I belong . Speaking of where people belong , are you ever planning to come back to work ? I 've been thinking about that whole thing . Excuse me . And you 've been right . All along about this whole taking more time off thing . I 'm just gonna start switching over the addresses and of course lnternet , because you can 't live without the lnternet . He 's just like you this one . Work , work , work . Damn overachievers . Where are you taking me ? T o engage in some off campus debauchery . You know what ? What ? He 's in trouble . So if you 're not gonna go back to work right away , what are you gonna do ? Think I 'll heed some advice about a vacation I 'm in desperate need of . They say space is the next vacation hot spot . Already been there . Do you like sailing ? Is that an invitation ? Yes . You accepting ? Uhhh , yes . Caribbean ? Gotta be careful . It is hurricane season .
