 My name is jane vasco . I could use you on my team . I work for a secret government agency that hunts neuros . People who can do dangerous things with their minds . On my first assignment ... Something a little weird happened , okay , something really weird . Until I get some answers I 'm getting on with my life , doing my job . Stocking up on aspirin , because ... I gotta tell ya pain 's a bitch ! They say bad things come in threes . I 've had about eight so far today so I gotta think I 've had my quota . Maybe not . Can I help you ? Were we supposed to get together tonight ? It doesn 't matter , thank god you 're here because I can 't get my stupid key to work . What 's wrong ? I 'm sorry , who are you ? Look , I 've had a hell of a day . All I want is a couple tylenol - and a dozen glasses of wine . - Look , Miss , I ... I really don 't have time for this . Brian , it 's not funny . No , you 're right , it 's not . Either go now or I am going to have to call the police . Daddy When 're we going to eat ? In a minute , sweetie . Who 's she ? No one . Why don 't you go back and finish getting ready mom 'll be home soon , okay ? You 're not going to believe what happened today , people . Very weird . Very neuro . Hope someone has an explanation , because I have no idea what the ... What the hell are you doing down here ? Joe . Joe , it 's me , jane . I don 't want no trouble . So just get the hell out of here and leave me alone . I need some answers , joe . What the hell is going on here ? I 'll shoot , I 'll do it . Go ahead . We both know I 'll heal . Andre , talk to me . And tell me you know who I am . Jane , listen to me , they shut down nico , they 're destroying any evidence of the team 's existence . Joe 's been re-programmed , they killed connor and riley . They 're getting close to me . It 's just a matter of time before they find you . Why is this happening ! There 's got to be ... You tell me . Should I be paranoid right now . Most of my team 's been assassinated , joe has been brainwashed , and I can 't even begin to understand what 's going on with my boyfriend . I 'm also about to be offed . I hate the word " offed " . I hate the concept more . Andre says they 're trying to wipe out any trace of the unit and what we do . I can 't let that happen . Since I don 't have time to write my memoirs , I 've got to find a way , and fast . Which is why I 'm thinking about Simon . Well , I suppose I should be flattered , an entire team the best of the best , devoted to following and finding people like me . Your friend , Riley , his mind is a vault of information , neuros ... That 's what you call us . At least I 'm glad to know that I 'm not alone in my uniqueness . Today is your lucky day , pal , because I 'm about to arrange for you to meet the rest of the freaks so you don 't feel so lonely . If you ever want to see your friend again , intact , that might not be the wise thing to do . Wait let 's hear him out . We don 't even know if anyone can restore riley 's memory . Oh , I can . I can steal knowledge , I can transfer knowledge and I can restore knowledge . It 's jane vasco . I need to see you . A ' 71 latour should be savored not gulped . Savoring 's not in my life right now . I don 't even know if life is in my life right now . Why are you here , jane ? My team has been taken out and I 'm supposed to be next . If that happens , the world will never know . About us . About what you did to us . For good or bad , there needs to be a record . And I thought you were here to chip me ... You 're here for me to pick your brain . Yes . You realize ... That you 're ... dying . I know . But I still think you can get the story down and put it somewhere safe . Are you willing to help me ? Yes , I will help you . So , how exactly does this work ? Take my hands . Just envision your experiences . But there 's so many . Start at the beginning Have a seat . Your current investigation has been terminated by the director . Why ? She chose not to share that with me , agent vasco . I could use you on my team . Only I don 't know what your team does , do I ? We hunt neuros , neurological aberrant , six years ago the government became aware of a genetic aberration appearing in the population . Those with the aberration posses a unique ability to influence others . Welcome to the freak show . Someone is dealing substandard medications on the black market . We believe there 's a neuro behind the operation . The drugs in question are made and manufactured by vonotek . So we got to go back in . Yes , but not solo . I want you and jane inside . You can play tag with hyde and watch each other 's back . He 's vonotek 's head of security . Report to security on floor 1-14 take the express elevator . Blue one 's hyde , jane 's on him . Just landed on the 46th floor . What the hell are you doing ? ! It 's me , it 's jane ! Why am I not dead ? Agent vasco just survived a 46 storey fall . Lacerations , contusions , internal organ damage , she doesn 't have any . Not even a scratch . Is she ... ? Nothing in her blood work , tissue samples , brain scan indicate anything related to what we 're dealing with . Listen to me ! Whatever the hell is going on with me , I really need to know what it is . Okay ? I 'll answers for you , jane . You have my word . Despite their differences , we 've discovered a definable pattern in their gene code . This aberration seems to affect the neurological center of the frontal and cerebral cortex . But we 've encountered dozens of variations . In how many people ? To date , almost 200 . What the hell are you talking about ? Obviously a neuro that can raise people from the dead . Obviously . I came up with at least a dozen other cases of corpses missing from graveyards . All within the last nine weeks . They 're all young . And hot . I didn 't hurt anybody . You know it isn 't right . You have to make it stop . That 's none of your business ! I know all about being lonely , eric . This all started when albert died . Albert 's my friend . And you missed him and you were lonely . Why don 't you chip the little bastard . Can 't get a clean shot without hitting vasco . just dial the range vector to three feet beyond . It 'll pass right through her . Eric , you 're going to be okay . All right ? Nobody 's gonna hurt you . You 're gonna be okay . Let 's go kiddo ! Where are you taking me ? I didn 't hurt anyone . It 's gonna be okay . What 's wrong ? Where would you have taken me if you hadn 't left me here ? To an internment center . Internment center . It isn 't like that . What is it like , jane ? Have you seen it yourself ? No , but I 've been assured ... Assured by who ? The people who have killed your team ! The people who are hunting you down ? ! You can 't die now ... You can 't . I guess it was too much I 'm so sorry . Yes . You should be . The intent ... was to protect the public from danger . And just what is your interpretation of " danger " I wonder . I wish I could show you . Why can 't you ? There is that little heart attack episode you just had . I 'll be just fine . You 're savoring . I 'll try to remember that , the next time I 'm doing heart medication . They all knew each other . They 'd all worked together ... Now they are all dead . What happened to them ? They died of old age . These women were healthy one minute , rapidly aged and dead the next . I think we 'll have to investigate this from the inside . The only way I can get into this dress is if I have it painted on . Demarco designs his dresses for girls with single digit bmis . You 're just too healthy . Good luck . Public opinion is running pretty high , people want someone to blame . There is someone to blame ! A pyromaniac neuro . Richard don 't ! To hell with you ! Seem to be dealing with a neuro who seems to induce persistent visual hallucinations in his victims . Connor , the last time we saw you we left you to question marty lento . The next here you were in here guns blazing . The neuro must have got to him back at the factory when you left with marty . Connor , what are you doing man ! Connor stop ! It 's okay , it 's okay ! It 's jane ! That s.O.B. Got in my head ! Yes . They were unpleasant people . That 's like saying hitler had issues . Simon , these people were a danger to society , they were a danger to themselves . You saw what I saw , they had to be stopped ! They had to be stopped ! So ... We gathered all the people together , good or bad , hunted them down and shipped them off . I didn 't always agree . But you went along with it . Not always . The man is ethan grant , no criminal record , no nothing . He told the police that he " saw " the plane crash before it happened . There 's no other evidence connecting him to it . But there 's other calls , right ? The voice print from his airline call matches three others from the past six months , warning people about bad things that were going to happen : a gas main explosion , a fire at an elementary school , and get this ... A tornado that touched down near amarillo , texas . You heard what the man said . If he 's right , and so far you say he has been , then three of you will die . If you actually believe that someone can see the future . Even if I don 't why risk it ? He hasn 't committed any crime . he 's only been trying to save people 's lives . So far , yes . But if he is a neuro and if he can see the future , you have to wonder what else he can do . Why assume he 's trying to hurt anyone ? Because he can , traditional law enforcement can 't handle him . That power makes him and every other neuro our problem . Even if it costs us our lives . Let 's leave this alone , andre . Is he still in custody ? No . They had to release him . Way to go , Feds . That 's the address where they picked him up . A house owned by his sister , sarah . Hello ? Ethan . Keep him on . Riley , you got that ? I need a trace . Got it . He says to tell the two agents sitting in my living room that there 's going to be a terrible accident . Eleven people will die . He 's saying that they 're not gonna listen to him . Maybe they 'll listen to you . You have to let this one go , andre . Can 't do it , jane , you know that . He goes through what we just went through every time he sees a disaster coming . Now you want to act like one of the government thugs that he 's afraid of and hunt him down . That is just it , maybe we can help him ? So far we 're doing a bang-up job . No , I mean with his visions . If he 's a neuro we can chip him , give him some peace . Unless you want him to deal with this for the rest of his life . No , you think ethan is some ticking time bomb that needs to be defused . You don 't care about helping him . You do . I think we 've got a second neuro . Hit our suv this morning , hit us at the marina this afternoon . I got him ! What 're you saying ? We 've got some lunatic neuro stalking the team ? It 's starting to look that way . They 'd need access to our intel . They got that . A leak ? Holy ! I would never do anything to put this team in danger . You would never do anything consciously . I 've discovered how joseph 's healing ability works . Jane , you 've more than once voiced your doubts about what it is we have to do . And , let 's be frank , on several occasions you have deliberately disobeyed my orders . We believe joseph 's energy affected you or your mind , in such a way that your doubts began to manifest themselves and started to work against the team . I don 't believe that . I didn 't think you would . I don 't blame you but it 's clear that you 've become a liability . Now I 'd prefer to not have to restrain you . Convincing enough for you ? Open up , let 's go ! I wasn 't expecting anyone . This should be interesting . They 're about to find me and try to kill me . Only I 've yet to be killed . It 's not that I can 't be , It 's just that I haven 't yet . Which begs the question what are they gonna do to me ? to achieve their goal . And how much is it going to hurt . What the hell are you doing ? Finding something worthy for us to take . What are you talking about ? Take us where ? Bust it down ! Don 't forget to shut the door . I figured they 'd have been here , and they wouldn 't think I 'd be stupid enough to come back . We 're probably safe for awhile . I thought you said brian was here . He was . They were . Maybe they took him . I have no idea . What 's jane 1-13 . Jane 1-13 ? What 's that ? We should continue . Yes . And then we can find a corkscrew . What are you thinking about now , jane ! As quickly as you heal there are aspects of your genetic structure that are a little weird . I 'm really going to hate this . Don 't ask me if I 'm okay . I know what you 're trying to do , but I won 't turn elyse over to you . I know what they can do here . I 've seen them cure people like elyse . I know what they 've done for me . You ? Oh , god ! Oh , god ! Tell me , are you willing to take a chance on a miracle ? Lento ! get out of there ! All I know is that It hurts like hell . Sorry , you can put this on , your shirt is pretty much toast . So if my brain controls my healing , I should be able to turn the healing off . Confused , right ? I 'm dead . So just keep on doing what you were doing . Pretend I 'm not even here . Or am I ? Seeing is believing , isn 't it ? I know how difficult it is for you , but you have to see the wonder in it , jane . What if there was a way someday to use it to help others cancer patients , terminally ill children . My team ... They were good people , simon . I know you don 't think so ... I never said that ... The world needs to know about them too . And so do you . The government spent a lot of money traing me I 'm very good at what I do . I can approach a man from 100 metres and he 'll never hear me coming . You okay ? My boots are worse than my ears . Hand me that gun ! Slowly ! Against the fence with her . You 're dead before your hand hit the knob . I 'm a federal officer ... Alright pal , let 's see how much of risk you 're willing to take . You found the neuro ? Yeah , I 'm with him right now . Good work , riley . I 'm in ... I 'm on ... And I am ... The best ! Crap ! There was no answer when I knocked . I thought I heard some noises so I thought there might be something wrong in here so ... So you picked the lock ? ! Yeah , it wasn 't all that difficult . What are you doing here , riley ? Who the heck goes in the basement alone ? Mummy ! Nice hardware . Damn right . Oh , you mean the bike . Can you live with yourself now ! Yeah , I can live with myself . Case closed you son of a bitch ! Football , the name of my game . You play ? She 's talking about the players . You take the ugly one . Wait ! D.E.A. Hands up ! If I could get my pen to work , you would think the mayor 's office had a pen that worked . Hold it ! I wouldn 't do that if I were you , sheriff . Just put it down . This might change your mind . But I .. I chipped him . How often ... do you trust your life ... to a friend . I trusted my life to maureen every day . And when she died she was part of a team , that had her back too . We did our best . All of us . She knew that . We 'll miss her . I 'll really miss her . What the hell is going on , Brian ? ! I can 't explain right now . Meet me on the subway platform . Which one ? You know what I 'm talking about , jane . There 's a lot of weird stuff happening . Really ? Just trust me . Please . That was Brian . He wants me to meet him at the subway . He 's not supposed to know about the subway . Then again he wasn 't supposed to married with children and living in my apartment either . Can you trust him ? I don 't know . We had a good relationship , I thought ... Show me . I 'm a grown woman , I can take it , So go on , hit me with your best shot . Come on ! Duty calls . Something like that . I promise I 'll make it up to you . That I 'm looking forward to . Bri , what are you doing here ? You wanna try that again but this time with , " bri , hey , this is great . " I thought you were out of town . " I 'm so happy that you came back a day early " just to see me . " I don 't know what to think . But you are thinking of going to meet him . It 's hard not to let our emotional attachments cloud our judgments . But what are my options ? To go on the run , live in hiding forever ? No offense . But I want to know the truth . I tried running away before , to escape the inevitable ... It didn 't work . Agent vasco . I 'm not even sure who you are an agent with , but I know in three days , you and your team will try to arrest me . It won 't go well . Your three teammates will be killed . And then you 'll shoot me . I die in front of the orange door . You 're afraid to go after this guy . You 're the ones that should be afraid according to him , I make it out of this . Maybe we don 't have a choice . Haven 't his experiences and ours proven we can 't change the outcome . Nobody controls my destiny but me . Agent vasco ? Ethan , where are you ? I knew you 'd come here . I saw it . I believe you . And I believe your premonition about me and my team . How do I stop it ? I 'm sorry . Just stopped by Jane 's place there 's some clothes and a suitcase missing . But she left her locator behind . Will somebody please tell me what the hell is going on here ? ! Jane is still trying to change the future ethan grant predicted . By leaving town ! Right now she 's probably trying to get as far away from ethan grant , the tosrona factory and us as possible . Without her , the premonition can 't play out the way he saw it . Alright , I saw movement in the north-west corner . So this is going down . It won 't be what he predicted without vasco . Let 's find out . Bowers , why don 't you lay down some fire ! Don 't worry andre , I 'm going to get you out of here . How bad is it ? What the ? ! That one really hurt ! But I saw andre die . I drugged connor and andre . Don 't you understand ! I died in their place ! You trying to fake out fate , jane ! Who says it 's a fake out ? Maybe this is exactly what ethan saw . He interpreted it as seeing three different people die . But I saw my own death . You shouldn 't believe everything you see . Come on . Watch out ! You can 't stop fate , no one can . It 's like a living thing , it swallows us all into darkness . No matter what happens , I promise , you 're story will be told . Thank you . whatever they did , whatever they threatened you with , I understand . I just want you to be okay . Brian ? Do exactly as I tell you . You won 't heal from this , trust me . Why Brian ? Quiet . Just please tell me , is someone making you to do this ? Was it always a lie ? Jane , are you alright ? What the hell is happening ? You 're fine , you 're fine . Look at me ! I was administering some tests . I had to sedate you . How long have I been out ? A couple of hours . The anesthesia I gave you should have kept you out for longer . Are you sure you 're alright ? Yeah , yeah I just need to get up . Alright . This is interesting . Check this out . She 's down by the pier and she jumped off , nobody saw her surface . She was down at the aqueduct , and she just ... Disappeared . We 've got some kind of fish neuro that can breathe underwater ? Time to get out your scuba gear . And I will rig up a chip spear-gun ... Well ! Sleeping beauty awakes . And I didn 't even get the chance to kiss her . What , no frog jokes ? You 're all alive , right ? I never thought I 'd be so happy to feel your body ... Well , if you like it that much , I 'll have you jumping up and down for joy later on . ... Or hear your stupid sexist jokes . Whoa , what did frankenseth do to you in there ? Jane , are you okay ? Yeah . I guess I don 't know . I think you need to go home , pull yourself together . Okay . I think going home 's a really good idea for me right now . Warned you about hiring women , boss . Well , nice to see you , too . We were supposed to meet for dinner tonight , right ? I suppose I will have to start thinking about making the next generation a reality some day . Right now , I just want to practice . A lot . Daddy , who 's she ? We need to talk . There 's another girl in my life , my niece , seven years old and adorable . Must have dropped that in my briefcase . I hope you can handle the competition .
