 My name is Jane Vasco . I could use you on my team . I work for a secret government agency that hunts Neuros . People who can do dangerous things with their minds . On my first assignment ... something a little weird happened , okay , something really weird . Until I get some answers I 'm getting on with my life , doing my job ... stocking up on aspirin ... because I gotta tell ya , pain 's a bitch ! " TRISTATE NATIONAL BANK " So , what do you think he 's gonna hit first , the teller or the vault ? - That remains to be seen . - Or not . Federal agents ! Everything is under control ! Connor , get the car . - Who the hell are you guys ? - Let 's go . You 're gonna tell me what this is about ? Well , you 're on your way to the Freak Zoo Palace , pal . Not bad , that 's the house . Is that what this is to you ? Sport ? Well , it is us against them , darling , so , yeah , as long as we 're winning , I 'm good . What the hell ! Something 's up with the Freon . What the hell ! It 's overheating . Stop the car . - Stop the car ! - I can 't . Move this damn thing over ! We 're not overheating guys . Hang on . Halt ! Stop ! Stop ! - Stop where you are ! - Connor ! Stop or I 'll shoot ! You guys want to tell me what the hell has just happened ? That guy was chipped . PAINKILLER JANE 1x15 " THE HEALER " Subtitles subXpacio and TusSeries Ok , I 've performed over two dozen tests including a postmortem ... I 've found no variation from the standard Neuro positive . So how do you explain a chipped Neuro still able to function . I can 't . However , is merely an assumption ... that this man was responsible for what happened to the vehicle . Half the engine block was melted . Trust me , doc , that 's a hell of a lot more than just a bad transmission . Ok , according to this man 's chart , his ability was cellular . Invisibility involves reorganizing the cellular structure ... to absorb rather than reflect light . Which has nothing to do with melting the engine . Exactly . To date we 've never encountered a Neuro with multiple abilities . You think we 're witnessing some kind of mutation ? Even if we were , and I saw no indication of that , the man was chipped . Or maybe the chip failed ? My test confirmed that the chip was functional . Besides , if it failed , wouldn 't he have used his invisibility ... when he attempted to escape ? Something hit that truck , doc . Sure ; or someone . But whatever or however it was , it was not the man you apprehended . Thoughts ? Yeah , freak show is getting freakier by the moment . Constructive thoughts ? If the man did possess multiple powers , maybe they resided in different parts of his brain , and when we chipped him , we only brought half of them down . That 's a good thought , but Seth would 've found some indication of that . So , right now we have no idea what we 're dealing with . Riley , any update on that Neuro we are looking for ? Jennifer Town ? She 's off the radar . No credit card hits , bank withdrawals , cell phone use ... She 's got a removal a prescription for " Glucofash " . No hits on the pharmacy either . - Anything off the Comsat ? - Flat line . Nothing . I 've got a whole lot of people giving me a whole lot of nothing . I 'll let you know when I have something . Easier to find real men with real weapons . None of that 's easy . As for our invisible Neuro , I still think we can 't rule out a mutation . Which Seth won 't be able to identify which put some another step ahead of us . Well , look at the bright side , you could 've been a lawyer . I better take off . You still owe me that incident report form the Forrest case . Which is still sitting on my desk . As you can tell paperwork is not my favorite thing . You don 't have to like it , Jane , you just have to do it . Brian and I have plans tonight . It 's sort of an anniversary . One more day ? What would that be , the third one more day ? Go ahead . Someone at least will get something out of this day . - Thanks . - Have fun . Some times you need a shower after a rough day . Not just to cleanse the body but sometimes the mind . Not to say mine 's particularly dirty , although I do have my moments , I 'm talking more about the conscience . Bri , what 're you doing here ? You want to try that again but this time with ... Bri ! Hey , this is great ! I thought you were out of town and ... I 'm so happy that you came back a day early just to see me . Of course I 'm happy to see you . But ... But ... I didn 't know you were coming ... and have this report due ... and I promised to have it in tomorrow morning . - So , what 's another day ? - It 's my job . All right , it 's all right . I understand . I don 't suppose there 's another beautiful , brilliant woman in town who ... wouldn 't mind a surprise visit . I promise I 'll make it up to you . - But the report comes first . - Only tonight . I had to make sure my nose wasn 't too close to Brian 's face ... or I might have poked his eye out . When it comes to lying , Pinocchio has noting on me today . Who was it that said : " No matter how bad you feel , guilt makes it worse . No wait , that was me . Hi . Thanks . - I 'm working on it . - News flash ! Our paralyzer Neuro . I 've got her . Jennifer Talon . I think she finally took a chance and used her cell phone . - I hope it was important . - Location ? The Marina . I 'll work in SatCom now to narrow it down . All right , let 's roll . Go at Jennifer Talon from a distance . I 'm not an idiot , boss . Long range night scope with a chip rifle . Silencer too , for her pleasure . That 's good . We get too close to this woman , we don 't know what she 's capable of . Well , if we get too close to her ... Adequate . The cruise was wonderful , thank you . I hoped to be in many more . Sorry , I ... Don 't fight it Adam ... It won 't do any good . I know , it must be a disconcerting feeling experiencing complete paralysis . The mind fully functioning . aware of what 's going on but ... the body just won 't respond . It must be just awful . You did tell me I was priceless . You 're wrong . - Riley ? - Sector right , last boat . Got it . - All right , careful boss . - Thanks , kid . It 's right in front of you . This leap succeed . The effects of the paralysis will wear off once I leave . You might be a little sore . Take two aspirin . Don 't call me in the morning . - You 're ok ? - I 'm fine . Keep going . - Connor is down ! - I 'm on my way . - Take it . - I 'll be ok , keep going . Pressure . I know , I can be a real bitch sometimes . Come here . - You ok ? - Is that Jennifer Talon ? Wasted talent . Yep , you 're all right . Get him back to the subway . Have Seth look him over . I 'll clean up here . What are you gonna do with me ? We 'll take you some place where there are a lot of other people just like you . All right , you 're all done . - So , what 's the damage ? - Besides his face ? The cut was strong . I will have the stitches out in a few days , Just try not to put too much strain on that area . Thanks doc , I 'll mention that to the next Neuro who tries to kill me . We were fifty yards from that boat . There 's no way she could 've seen us coming . Try telling that to my spleen . She must 've spotted us . I don 't think so . It 's like the last one . Jennifer Talon had the ability to induce paralysis . That is not what went down in the dock . You think this is the same mutation ? - Twice in a row ? - A bit of a coincidence . - What then ? - I think we 've got a second Neuro . He 'd harassed you this morning , hit us in the Marina this afternoon . I can help up with that . Some of the damps the dock was very similar to what happened to our transport . What are you saying , we have some lunatic Neuro stalking the team ? Starting to look that way . They 'd need access to our Intel . They 've got that . A leak . Not from my system . I could not happen . They did , Riley . I need you to double and triple check your security . - Look ... - Just do it . The leak could be human , not systems . - Even one of us . - No , Outside . Morgan 's people . - I 'll handle that end . - And our end ? It doesn 't make any sense . Everything that 's happened has put us at risk . Besides , I trust you people with my life . Something troubling you ? We 've been working together for five weeks now . Has there been any change with you ? I don 't know . I think I 'm just gonna wind up a freak that heals with a high IQ . - And that scares you . - Shouldn 't it ? Strange , eh ? Someone who comes to a healer hoping he can help her not heal . God chooses different paths for his children . We see killing most when we stray from that path . Something else is bothering you . I told you previously that I have misgivings about my work . That I 'm not always sure that we 're doing the right thing . And ... I 'm not supposed to be talking about it with anyone . Now you 've assured me that whatever we discuss ... - ... is completely confidential . - And it is . Do you trust me ? Yes . You 're still getting the headaches ? Maybe all I really need is some sleep . I 'm gonna head out . Can I trouble you with one more thing before I go ? - A hug ? - Of course . I 'm available whenever you feel is necessary , Jane . Thank you . This better be important . I don 't like wasting my time . It is Morgan , we have a leak . - Single instance ? - Multiple . - Consequences ? - Casualties , none fatal yet . - Fix him before there are . - That 's why I 'm here . I don 't appreciate what you 're implying . Rest assured my plumbing is very sound . If there 's a leak , it 's coming from your own kitchen . Until this is resolved I 'm taking my team in dark . - People in the dark tend to step their toe . - They won 't . Do it , but watch your step . You 're still here ! Of course I 'm still here ! The man said double and triple check my systems . You can 't go over the blueprints of the pyramids and get home by 5 o 'clock . Sorry I asked . - Is Seth still in the lab ? - Isn 't he always ? Double and triple check your systems . Unbelievable . What you got there ? You scared me . - I 'm sorry , I ... - That 's fine . What are you into so late ? Just a theory I 'm working on . - Tell me about it . - Really ? Really . What 's up ? Ok , Neanderthal . - Neanderthal ? - Indeed ! One the $ 10.000 questions in genetics , well , in evolutionary biology in general , is ... what happened to Neanderthal ? I don 't know . What did happen to it ? No it , them . I don 't know either , but the question is very exciting . It 's just a hobby of mine . So far I surmised that ... Neanderthal DNA maybe somehow hiding inside the human population . - Hiding ? - Yes . - Fascinating . - Yes ! Would you like to see the genome structure ? You know I absolutely would , Seth , but I 've ... I 've got this report do and ... - Maybe another time . - Yeah , absolutely . Oh , actually , could you ... do me a favor ? Hairs ? Human ? Unless they 're Neanderthal . I 'm just kidding , Seth . Would you mind running a DNA test for me and ... keeping it between us . Andre has to authorize all the tests . Right , that 's right . The ones he knows about . This is US government equipment , Jane . All the tests have to be authorized . Even with my hobby , Andre sings off . I 'm not asking you to do anything outside of the box here , Seth . DNA testing is a very important part of what we do . - Yes , it is . - So , we 're not doing anything wrong here , and if the results come back Neuro positive , I 'll tell Andre right away . Jane , where did you get this sample from ? Seth , I 'm asking you to do me ... a personal favor , ok ? I mean , we got to have something over the Neanderthals , right ? You see , we are smart enough to know when we can ... alter the rules . Ok . Thank you . Seth ! What kind of person are you ? What 's it , do you think you 're above the rules , or what ? - Riley . Let me tell you , it 's all me . - Jane . Jane , Jane , Jane , Jane , Jane . Let Seth explain it himself . - I don 't know what to say . - Cause there 's nothing to say . Seth ... when you finish the last cup of coffee ... you put on a new pot . You put on a new pot . Plain and simple . - I think what I said . - Yeah , look - ... call me with the results . - Immediately . - Hello . - Jane , it 's Seth . I just thought you 'd be glad to know that the sample tested Neuro negative . Thanks . Okay . I just want to thank you ... Jane ! Congratulations on you new promotion ! I heard you authorized a DNA test yesterday . - Yes . - I want chapter and verse . Who ? What ? When ? Why ? A while back I went out a window . Cut off 46 stories . All the way down , I thought it was over . Obviously , it wasn 't . But it 's been bugging me ever since that ... the meaning of life and all that . What I am . Is this you attempting to answer my question ? - What do you know of the fate of yours ? - Not as much as I want to . Right , I felt the same way , but this guy , Joseph Grace is different . Joseph Grace ? You know this guy ? Well , yes , he 's been the subject of some controversy in the literature , involving cases of terminal cancer that went into remission . That sort of thing . You 're saying he 's for real ? Well , that depend on what you mean . Do I think people may have healed under his influence ? It 's likely . There 's a recognized , perceivable effect in the body . I 'd attribute half of his supposed miracles to that , the other half to exaggeration . All right , I want you to find out more about this guy . You , with me . I 'm sorry , I thought he knew . I thought he knew . And you 've been seen this man for over a month ? Yes . And when we found we had a leak you had to wonder ... if this was the Neuro stalking our team . When Joseph uses his healing on me , I feel something . Like an energy passing through me . I suppose I had to consider the possibilities that it wasn 't all God given . - You told him things . - Nothing that would compromise the team . Joseph is a good man and he did test Neuro negative . And if he hadn 't ? I suppose this would be the last conversation we 'd be having . Is it ? Don 't ever go behind my back again . You have a problem , you come talk to me . Right . Eh , Riley , what do you got on this guy ? Joseph Grace . He 's not criminal record , never been sued , Doctors they think he 's full of it but they can 't prove anything . Doesn 't mean he 's not full of it ? Not to the nine documented cases of cancer remission he 's had in the last five years . Look , whatever healed this people wasn 't this bozo ? What 's Jane to heal her for anyway ? I mean , it might be the one thing she doesn 't need help with . She can heal the wound but she cannot heal the pain . Did you make that up yourself ? - I read it in a fortune cookie . - Oh , hey Connor , - ... you 're not feeling well . - What ? Yeah , you 're feeling kind of sick , you make an appointment with Joseph Grace . - See what you can find out . - Look , I already know what I 'll find out . The guy tested Neuro negative . I 'd be wasting my time . Humor me . If he lays his hands on me ... This means spiritual pace is pretty good . Hello , I 'm Joseph . Thank you for coming . Won 't you come in ? Constant pain . And they say nothing can be done . I 've tried everything . This is my last resort . Faith . Is our faith that keeps us close to the creator . I try and play a small part on that . Do you thing you can help me ? Relax . Close your eyes . Clear your mind of worries ... of questions ... Give me your hands . I 'll give them back , I promise . Now , just relax . Hear boss , We 've to talk . Either this guy is a Neuro , or he 's the real deal . Copy . - What do you got , doc ? - Ok . These images are from a medical investigation into Joseph Grace ... conducted at Mass General . This is a broken femur that healed normally . This is femur that was ravished by bone cancer that was ... quote , unquote , healed by Joseph Grace . Doctor , I have no idea what we 're looking at here . Ok , that 's the normally healed bone . This is the other one . They 're different . Yes , they 're different , but what this shows is that Joseph ... actually has a real effect . He 's actually healing people . - I 'm astonished . - So was Connor . Apparently his wound has already healed . Really ? I 'll look into that . Doctor , tell me something . Could this healing have a potential downside ? Could it be dangerous ? To the average person ? Not that I can tell . Heal the cells but ... these are from Jane . That 's from before , that 's from a couple of days ago . It 's the same . I mean , all I can see here is that Joseph healing effect on Jane ... - ... is the same as the others . - Yes , but ... you have to remember that Jane isn 't like another people . Hey boss , what are you doing ? No , no , no . It 's all right . I 've doing this all night . I 've got a beat on that Neuro has been ambushing us . It 's time we turn the tables . Did you find out how he 's getting access to inside information ? No , we chip him first , ask questions later . It 's what I 've talking about . I 've got this surveillance shot off the FBI database . He 's a mercenary . Works for the highest bidder . Seems pretty able to elude FBI surveillance at will . We got it at the scene of every ambush so far . I know exactly where and when to find you , son of a bitch . Connor ? Yeah , I 'm in position . No sign of the subject . - Vasco . - In position . Got nothing either . Riley , talk to me . Subject 's vehicle has entered the vicinity . Unless he 's been tipped and it 's a decoy . No , no . Play it through . I 've got him . Entering the park from the East . I do not have a clear shot . I got him . Holly ! He 's moving ! Don 't bother . This is Edward Small . A friend of mine . Go , will you ? You 're just gonna let him go ? - He 's the one who 's been attacking us ! - No Jane , you are . There 's no doubt in my mind . There should be . I would never do anything to put this team in danger . You would never do anything consciously . I 've discovered how Joseph healing ability works . Basically he 's somehow able to energize each cell stimulating it to repair itself . Then that energy creates an attractive force ... bringing the organ or tissue together with hope . - But ? - But your constitution is not typical . Tell me about it . Applying Joseph energy to someone like you , the results are unpredictable . Even so , how is this connected with my sabotaging the team ? Jane , you have more than once voiced your doubts about what it is we have to do , and let 's be frank ; on several occasions you 've deliberately disobey my orders . Yeah , but during those attacks , I was in as much danger as you and Connor . You think I 'm trying to take myself out ? We believe that Joseph 's energy affected you or your mind in such a way ... that your doubts began to manifest themselves ... and they started to work against the team . You don 't believe this . Jane , your current genetic profile is something that we don 't fully understand . you heal rapidly , you IQ is increasing steadily , there 's really no saying what you 're capable of . Even trying to undermine my own team ? There 's something else . Joseph Grace has tested Neuro positive . How is that possible ? - Seth told me that ... - When Seth ran the first test , - ... you were in proximity . - First test ? We tested again with a sample that Connor acquired . And with you out of the picture , he tested positive . So , wait a minute , you 're telling me that ... somehow I was able to wield the sample I brought you to change ? - I don 't believe that . - No , I didn 't think you would . Jane , I have told no one else ... about your condition , no one outside this team . - Thank you , your point ? - I made a mistake . I don 't blame you , but it 's clear you 've become a liability . Now , I would prefer not to have to restrain you . Convincing enough for you ? Seth seems fairly certain that once you stop seen Grace , you 'll recover from whatever it is that happened to you . I 'll heal from the healer . We need to eliminate the source . Whatever Joseph effect has been on me he didn 't do this . I did . All he 's ever done is try to help people . Jane , that is a voice inside your head trying to justify why a part of you ... interfere with this . Joseph is a Neuro . You have first hand experience of how his healing can have disastrous results . Yeah , on someone like me . We have to chip him . All right , then let me do it . It 's unnecessary . No , I have to overcome this . Let 's get it over with then . When you phoned it sounded important . Are you all right ? I think it 's time you learned about my work . For some unknown reason , a neurological aberration has appeared in our population . This aberration allow people to make things happen . Some of these things are pretty fantastic . while other are very dangerous . I 've seen people make others jump off buildings . Or start fires , by will alone . Even raise people from the dead . Good Lord . We call these people Neuros . My job is to go and find these Neuros ... and implant them with a chip that ... neutralizes their abilities . Joseph , you 're a Neuro . My gift is God given . Whatever form it takes , who are you or anybody else to take it away ? The diseases that you heal are God given . We might not be meant to tamper with any of it . If I run ? I don 't think you will . Will it hurt ? I don 't know . Come on , this way buddy . Good news . The cellular anomalies caused by Joseph healing appear to have cleared up . Great . So , I 'm back to my normal , abnormal self . I wonder if you 'll ever find a cure for that . Is that why you were going to see Joseph ? You said that the anomalies had cleared up . Does that that me that , whatever it was , that last entrapment inside of me has cleared up too ? You want the truth ? Probably not . I 'll catch you later , doc . Yes , Sir . Right away . That was Morgan ! We 're all getting raises . That was Morgan and we have a problem . - Another one ? - Do they ever end ? You know anything about this ? When it comes to Morgan 's business , I don 't want to know . Have been receiving Intel that we may have problems at the internment zone . NICO is 5000 miles away . How does that concern my team ? If my information is reliable , somewhere keep people at NICO may have been compromised . The only physician in my team is Seth . I can 't imagine ... While the problem may extend to the medical staff , our primary concern is security and administration . You can 't be sure who if any of the locals can be trusted . I 'll keep you informed as our intelligence develops but for now ... this is strictly need to know . Is not to go beyond us . Someone once said we are our own worst enemy . Their job probably didn 't involve going against neurological aberrant , but after these past few days ... I just may have to agree with them . Is bad enough dealing with your own inner turmoil , if that manifested itself in the physical plane ... I can 't even imagine what this world would look like . Transcript and synch by subXpacio and TusSeries
