 4400µÚËÄ ¼ ¾ µÚÊ ® ¼ ¯ · ­ Òë £ º ¿ ² Àë ( Ð ¡ Ù © ) ÓêÒàÆæ ZenGene · ­ Òë £ º julianavy ( Ð ¡ º £ ) Ð £ ¶ Ô £ ºsalivum × ÖÄ " × Ü ¼ à £ º salivum ºóÆÚ £ º Ð ¡ D the world will have to deal with us . previously on the 4400 ... [ shawn ] : jordan , you 've done great things for the 4400 , but you are on the wrong path here . and you 've always been rebellious , but i think you 're afraid of change , sha or is it just me ? i think i 'm shrinking . what did you do to me ? [ richard ] : i met cora . she has an amazing ability . she can actually make people younger . isabelle ? daddy ! if your mother were here , she 'd want us to do this . she 'd want us to be a family again . [ kevin burkhoff ] : mr. tyler , when your wife fainted this morning , she was a young woman . when she woke up less than a minute later , she was 50 years older ? [ lily ] : richard , i 'm dying 'm [ curtis peck ] : there 's a faction of elites who want the future to stay exactly as it is . i call them " the marked . " [ drew imroth ] : when we need him , he 'll be there for us . mr. tyler , can you hear my voice ? mr. tyler ... mr. tyler ? he 's been under for almost 20 minutes . we should ha where have you been ? who are you ? we 're going to have to work fast . this is our only chance . i 've practiced enough . pl hty of time . tonight , richard tic becomes a father . are you okay ? yeah , i 'm fine . just had a weird dream . you want to talk about it ? no , i 'm okay . you should go back to bed . i 'll be right there . here we go . ready , and ... we 're going to go higher , ready ? there you go . whee ! oh ! [ laughing ] i gotcha . there you go . isabelle ! [ laughs ] daddy loveddyou . [ giggling ] oh , it 's nice to see you happy , sweetheart . daddy 's bedd wanting that for long time . [ music box plays ] [ clattering downstairs ] who are you ? who am i ? i 'm lily . your wife ? who else would i be ? you 're not lily . lily is dead . dead ? you got old . you passed on . no , you 're wrong . i 'm ... i 'm right here . i didn 't die . then where have you been ? how did you get here ? well , i woke up about an hour ago . i wasn 't sure where i was , not exactly , but somehow knew you 'd be home soon , and you 'd have isabelle . isabelle ... that 's the last thing i remember . i was ... i was looking for her at the center , and she wasn 't in her crib . you look different , richard . you look sad . you are not real . you keep saying that , but i feel real . i mean i remember everything about my life , about us . i can pick things up . i can touch things . you . you can feel that , right ? i can 't explain where i 've been , richard , or how i got here , but ... i 'm not questioning it , either . i 'm here . isn 't that enough ? lily ? can i ask you a question ? sure . you 're left-handed . of course . is there a question coming ? you already answered it . i 've been studying the reports on who survives the promicin shot and who doesn 't . did you know nine out of ten left-handed people who take the shot survive ? no , i didn 't . well , it 's true . i learned that a couple weeks ago , but i didn 't know what it meant . until now . there . there 's a small part of the brain called the corpus callosum . it 's like a bundle of wires that connects the two hemispheres . it 's usually slightly larger in lefties than it is in righties . that 's why the lefties survive . the size of that part of the brain helps determine whether or not you 'll be able to integrate a new neurotransmitter . well , how big does it have to be ? i don 't know . okay . yet . but i think i can figure it out , and if i do , a simple cat scan will tell me how anyone 's body will react to the shot . and you 'd know in advance whether or not you 'd live or die . the shot wouldn 't have to kill anyone anymore . okay , how long do you need ? a couple of months , maybe less . kevin ... this is huge . keep working . i 'll get you anything you need , okay ? where are you going ? i got to get in contact with collier . if this test is really only a few months away , all he has to do is make an announcement , telling people that are thinking about taking the shot to simply wait . this is great . hey , tom . what are you doing standing in the middle of the hallway ? tom ? is everything all right ? yeah , i 'm-i 'm fine . i 've just ... had a strange morning . well , join the club . we 've just had a surprise visit from rebecca parrish . some might say an ambush . the director of national intelligence is here ? yeah . she 's been in meghan 's office the past 20 minutes , and that 's not all . she 's asked to see us . i don 't think she likes to wait . morning , agent baldwin . agent skouris . i 'm rebecca parrish , and it is a pleasure to meet you . oh , the pleasure 's all ours . i know that you have difficult jobs here at ntac , but lately , it seems that we 've had nothing but bad news coming out of seattle . promicin use is growing . the founding of promise city was a major defeat for this agency , and in the administration . it 's temporary . we 'll arrest collier , and we 'll shut that place down . i like your attitude , but you 'll forgive me if i 'm not reassured . because recently , it seems like we 're even botching the little things . we had richard tyler and his daughter surrounded , outnumbered . the situation was in hand , and we lost him anyway . well , with all due respect , i was there , and that situation was anything but " in hand . " richard tyler has become an extremely powerful man . i understand , but we can 't simply just throw our hands up , now , can we ? in two weeks , [ voices echo distantly ] : i 'm being asked to testify before a congressional subcommittee on the progress of the war against promicin . i 'll be here for the entire week to prepare , and i would like to go back with a victory . so , you want us to bring in richard . ms. parrish asked to meet my two best agents . that 's why you 're here . that 's also why you 're heading up a task force to find the tylers . i will be checking in on your progress . i trust this won 't be a problem . [ breathing shallowly ] agent baldwin ? did you have something you needed to say ? i 'm ... sure tom just wants to get to work . we 'll , uh ... find the tylers for you . i don 't know what 's happening , diana . it 's like i 'm seeing myself in the future , only it 's not me . i 'm doing things i would never do . what if they 're not just dreams ? what if they 're someone else 's memories ? what if they really did put something inside me when i was in that hospital ? what if ... what if it 's starting to affect me ? i 'm becoming one of the marked . oh , whoa , tom . hey ... listen , even if you 're right , it-it hasn 't happened yet . you 're still you , okay ? so we can fight it . how ? well , have you been to see a doctor since these dreams began ? no . okay , well , why don 't you start there ? go find yourself a private physician , get yourself checked out . we 're supposed to be looking for richard . just go. go . i 'll cover for you . go . okay . okay . she looks so much older . richard ... how long have i been gone ? a little while . more than a year . tell me what happened . i want to hear it all . why do you look so sad ? i buried you , lily . i mourned you . i never imagined i 'd be sitting beside you again , and i don 't want to waste the time we have with explanations . we have all the time in the world , though . why wouldn 't we ? you still don 't believe i 'm real , do you ? i don 't know . if i let myself believe it , and i turn out to be wrong ... i 'm not sure i could live with that . let 's just see , okay ? we 'll just lay here for a while , and if i 'm still beside you when we wake up ... i guess we 're real . you saved these pictures of us . of course i did . who 's this ? she 's a friend of mine . she lived at the 4400 center after you were gone . she 's pretty . she looks nice , too . i can see why you saved the picture . i don 't know . there 's nothing different about me , diana . i had every test they could give me . they all say i 'm in perfect health . i 'll call you back . tom ... what 's going on ? sorry for the intrusion . my security detail is nothing if not thorough . they have to be . the administration has enemies everywhere- - what the hell are you doing here , ms. parrish ? i wanted to have a word with you in private . gentlemen ... gentlemen , agent baldwin and i need the room . thank you . damn it , this is my house- - i 'm going to pay you the respect of being frank . i was a little concerned with your ... outburst in ms. doyle 's office this morning . are you quite sure you 're up to the job of tracking down richard tyler ? i 'm fine . that 's good to hear . this might surprise you , but i think i have an idea of what you 're going through . right after i took this job , i felt like i was on the verge of a breakdown myself . i was overwhelmed at work , and i was ... having these strange moments where i was seeing things . it was almost like i wasn 't myself , like someone else was in my head . do you understand what i 'm saying ? i think i do . let me ask you something , ms. parrish . if i look behind your left ear , would i find a mark there ? a mark ? you mean like a mole ? that 's hard to say . once you turn 40 , your skin changes all the time . i remember how nervous i was in those days . i thought i was going to lose myself forever . i fought it . my god , how i fought it , and then one day , i just couldn 't fight it anymore . i gave in . i accepted my situation , and you know what ? things have been much better for me since then . i 'm happier . my friends tell me that i 'm like a new person . you should relax , tom . whatever you 're going through , just ... let it happen . you 'll feel better . you 're saying rebecca parrish is one of these people ? she 's marked ? yeah , i think so . i mean , she never came out and said it . but you haven 't had any more hallucinations , right ? maybe she was talking about something else . what do you think ? i think it 's crazy , and i doubt we 'll be able to prove any of this , but i have to go with tom . i think that there 's hea very good chance the director of national intelligence is marked . we 're going to have to be very careful with how we proceed . ntac would be looking for richard tyler no matter what , so we 'll keep doing that . i 'm passing the case over to garrity and ashmore . tom , you 're taking a personal day tomorrow . diana and i will keep an eye on you . we 'll watch over you in shifts . i 'm sorry , shawn , are you really asking me to tell people not to take promicin ? only for a few months . jordan , i know that we have had our differences in the past , but this is good for both of us . all we have to do is be patient . it 's not the need for patience that concerns me . it 's the worldwide implications of this test . sean , there would be millions of people with abilities and millions without any chance of having them . yes , but they would be alive . and living in a world with two classes of human being . shawn ... positives and negatives ve cannot live side by side . those without abilities will tear downea the ones who have them , or the positives will simply use their powers to rid themselves of the negatives . inquisition or holocaust . either way , it 's a recipe for hell on earth . what 's your alternative ? you really want the entire world to take promicin ? yes. yes , i do . it 's what i 've always said has to happen . half of the planet will die ! you 're talking about mass suicide ! i am talking ... about a single generation of sacrifice , and at the end of it , a more fully-evolved species.pe sean ... all of our failings as human beings will be addressed when we are all gifted . i am not making any announcement . and no one who cares about what 's right for the world would . somebody got so big ! ooh , she got heavy , too . [ laughs ] yeah . just one , just one . i 'm going to go play . all right , go play . she seems so happy . aren 't toddlers supposed to be moody ? oh , isabelle 's had her moments , believe me . oh , i 'm sure she has . ever since i got back , i 've been thinking about what it must have been like for you , raising her on your own . you know , neither of us asked to be parents , not that it makes it any less wonderful , but still ... it just kind of happened . but you 've always been there for her , even while i was gone . you 're a great father , richard . [ giggling ] you can tell just by looking at her . i 'm definitely using my ability on richard tyler . he 's seeing his dead wife , but i have no idea if they 're talking about what he did to his daughter . i just make him see her . everything they talk about comes from him . okay , keep at it . we don 't have any other options at this point . i don 't know how much longer i can do this . look , i know you 're tired , but this is very important . i won 't forget what you did for me . can i get a coffee or something ? absolutely . absolutely . it 's working . we just need more time . if you know where isabelle is , just tell me . i can help her myself . didn 't really work out so well the last time you tried it , did it ? it 's too soon for that . richard 's not ready to give her up yet . this is just the first part of a plan to get her back . when we 're ready for the next part , i 'll let you know . or you can tell me now . did you know he was involved with her grandmother ? why do you think we picked these two ? after we send them back to their time , they 'll find each other . they 'll form a bond . 's done . she 's pregnant . honey ... honey , meghan . honey , wake up . i had the dream again . of course you did , tom . you 're becoming your new self . you 're one of us now . wha ... welcome aboard . did you have another dream ? no , i slept like a baby , actually . forgot how much i hate it here . there 's so much noise in this time period . so many people . i mean , look at them . they have no idea what 's coming . they just move from pointless errand to pointless errand . it 's disgusting . i 'd think you 'd be glad just to be alive . you were given a chance to continue your work . the work that failed so badly ? the work that got my previous host killed ? don 't blame your shortcomings on matthew ross . we are our hosts . your inability to harness isabelle tyler was your failure . i 'll do better this time . you need to get back to work . convince them to return you to active duty . i 'll pull some strings if i have to , but it 's better if you got it done on your own . and after i 'm there ? that 's the easy part . do what tom baldwin would do . find isabelle tyler . i 'll be in touch . richard , come play . i can 't . lily , i have to tell you something . what is it , sweetheart ? i lied to you . that picture you saw . the pretty girl . that was isabelle . my god , richard . i had no idea things had gotten so bad . i don 't expect you to forgive me , but i need you to understand . i did it for our daughter . why didn 't you tell me the truth right away ? i 've been happy , being with you the last few days . you don 't know how long it 's been since i 've felt that way . a good father will do for his child , and you 're a good father . but , richard , you took awaher life . the good and the bad . you erased everything she was , everything she cngld have been . i knew i was wrong after i did it to her , but .. other people told me as much , but i didn 't listen . i guess the only person i could listen to was you . daddy ... i feel real . we 're talking . i 've held isabelle . no , you haven 't . my ability makes it seem like you have . i don 't know if i 'm seeing you because i want to , or if someone conjured you up for me . i don 't know , richard . i don 't know how i got here , but maybe it doesn 't matter . i don 't think i 'm going to be here much longer . but if i have to go , will you just hold me ? [ sniffles ] i love you , richard . i 'm not saying we don 't have to worry , but nothing happened last night , and this morning , tom said he felt fine . well , he said he didn 't want me to come over , but where is he ? because tom is always here at the crack of dawn . hey , what 's up with tom ? he just dragged marco out of his office . i think baldwin 's gone nuts or something . your mind is no match for the power of my mind . you are now under my control . my mind is no match for the power of your mind . i am now under your control . total control . total control . you should see their faces . [ laughing ] sorry , we were just trying to ease the tension a little bit , that 's all . you idiots ! marco , you 're fired . you too , garrity . whoa ... come on , that was classic ! you can 't u this . go back to youfice and solvsomethg . oh , hey , come on ... quick . [ laughing ] i 'm sorry . good work . no humor . no humor in this room . what ? ah , you know what ? seriously , look , i 'd like to thank you both for helping me get through these past few days , but i had a great night 's sleep . i feel better , and , look , i really hope this is all over . you know , if i have any more flashes , i 'll tell you right away , but in the meantime , i 'd really like to get back to work . what about rebecca parrish ? i think we need to keep an eye on her . her visit to my place was ... was definitely weird , but maybe you were right . maybe the whole thing was her bizarre version of a pep talk . look , whatever it is , i don 't have to trt r to do myob , and i really want to do my job . all right , but i 'll be watching you , okay ? any more attempts at mind control , baldwin , and you 're out . okay . wasn 't funny i have a very simple message for anyone who 's thinking about taking the shot . wait. in a few months , the research that i 'm funding will be complete and 50-50 will be a thing of the past . we will have a very simple test that can tell you whether or not you 'll survive the shot , and no one ever has to risk dying again . is jordan collier in favor of this ? you 'd have to ask him that , paul , but we 're talking about preventing thousands of needless deaths here . i don 't see how anyone could think that 's a bad thing . you did this to your own child . i 'm disappointed in you , richard . you told me you wanted to use that water i gave you to help an old army buddy . i know it was wrong . but you never would have gave me what i needed if you knew what i had in mind . oh , you 're right about that . these abilities we have , ntoatm wipect . i know that , and that 's why i 'm here . i 'm hoping you can set things right . cora , please . i need your help . i 'll see what i can do . byron , you gotta wake up . byron ... isabelle needs you , come on- - let him sleep . he did what he needed to do . does that mean isabelle 's okay ? not exactly , but we 're getting close . i need you to call your father . call my father ? why ? you 're going to have to ll him where isabelle is . you want me toetray her to the government ? no . if you know where she is , tell me . i 'll go there myself . this is how it has to be . i promise you , kyle , if you do exactly whay , isabelle will not wind up in jail . think of everything we 've done , kyle . all that we 've accomplished together . are you really going to start doubting me now ? did it work ? baba tom ? are you going out ? yeah . yeah , we had a tip on the tyler case . someone called in from promise city , gave us the name and address of a 4400 that richard claimed he 'd been in contact with . it was anonymous , probably nothing . you had the appointment at maia 's school . i figured i 'd run it down while you were out . well , i 'm back , so i 'll go with you . i 'll just get my jacket . okay , great . did you see that ? the curtain just moved . well , so someone knows we 're here . that tip of yours said this lady 's just an associate of tyler 's , right ? yeah , but we 'd better play it safe . knock on the door . i 'm going to head around back , make sure no one tries to flee the scene . richard , a car just pulled up outside . some people are coming . isabelle , get down to the basement . if you hear any kind of struggle , run out the back , understand ? answer the door if they knock . see if you can get rid of them . cora tomkins ? hi. i 'm diana skouris . i 'm from ntac . i 'd like to ask you a few questions about richard tyler . richard tyler ? [ scoffs ] i haven 't seen him since quarantine . huh ... do you mind if i come in ? so richard hasn 't tried to get in touch with you at all ? no phone calls ? no emails ? no , but i keep pretty much to myself . right . oh , i 'm sorry . i didn 't realize i was interrupting something . you have company . no , no , pardon my mess . i 'm not too good about cleaning up after myself . like i say , i knew the man in quarantine , but i don 't really keep in touch with many of the 4400s . you people just don 't quit . don 't move . [ gunshot ] art ] [ firing ] what have you done to them ? [ firing darts ] [ gasps ] diana ! diana ... honey ... are you okay ? oh ... yeah , i think so . i 'm sorry . i went around back , and isabelle was already halfway down the alley when i got out there . i was going to chase her , but i came back when i heard the gunshot . where is she now ? good job , guys . today , agent baldwin and agent skouris provided a textbook example of what we need to win this fight . initiative , savvy , and exceptional teamwork . the apprehension of richard tyler is a huge win for us , a reminder to everyone that the rule of law still prevails in this country . make no mistake , there 's lots more to be done , but today ... . today we won . [ applause ] nice speech . yeah , exactly what parrish would say if she were marked . then again , it 's exactly what parrish would say if she wasn 't marked . i know , either way , she won today . nice work , you guys . i gotta go make nice . hey , you ... you gonna be okay ? yeah . sure ? tom ... we really got lucky today , just finding richard in that house . it 's a good thing you got that tip . yeah , well , it has to work out for us sometimes , doesn 't it ? [ door lock buzzes ] this is not how this was supposed to end ! richard is in prison ! it 's all over the news ! isabelle 's on the run . government 's looking for her . you said that she 'd be okay . you lied to me ! i promised you she wouldn 't end up in jail . she 's not in jail . yeah , and she 's not , either . this is not what i wanted- - this isn 't about what you want , kyle ! it 's about what has to happen ! i 'm not your sidekick . i 'm not here to run errands for you . i 'm here to tell you what the movement needs , and right now , it needs for you to be strong , because the next thing you have to do , trust me , it 's not going to be easy for you . what are you talking about ? your cousin shawn ? the work he 's doing with that scientist is threatening the entire movement . collier knows about it , but he 's too afraid to get his hands dirty . he shouldn 't have to get his hands dirty . that 's what he has people like you for . people like me ? what do you want me to do ? shawn farrell has to be stopped . don 't worry . you 're safe . where am i ? you 're at my house . i gave you a tranquilizer , then i brought you here . where 's my father ? we put him on the inhibitor . he 's in prison , and he 's going to be there for a very long time . he didn 't do anything wrong . he was just trying to help me- - shh ... isabelle , it 's okay . it 's okay . there 's a way to get him out . i ... i know people who could make it happen . it woue easy . there 's just one thing . you ... have to take your abilities back . then you 're going to bring jordan collier to me .
