 Pick it up , pick it up . Scotty , can you come over here and give me a hand ? Firecamp one to Dutch . Over . This is Dutch . Over . How 's it looking out there , Dutch ? Over . Nothing worth looking at out here , boss . Over . Thanks a lot . Found an unburnt patch down by the lake . That 's sweet . What 's the status of the grid ? Over . The sucker 's out . Didn 't even make it down to the lake . Over . All right , then , Dutch , you guys head back to the camp asap . Over . I guess we should head back to camp . Yeah , I guess so . Hey , hotshot . How 'd you miss that ? Must 've been hiding . Do I always have to clean up after you ? Hey , Dutch . Come take a look at this . What is it ? I don 't know . This is Dutch to Firebase One . I need a medic . I need someone to help me . Come in , come in . That 's not in the manual . Yeah ? Whatever works . Command 's moving to the king road station . We need to haul our ass back to site one , try to catch a ride . Ah , I hope the chow truck 's still there . Grab a burger for the road . I am starving . You think they had this tough a time in sector 4 ? I don 't know . With the way the fire was jumping lines ... Yeah , I know . Have you ever seen anything like that ? It 's a weird one . I mean , there were heavy winds , but it 's just been a weird day . Not as weird as last Saturday at Smokey 's . Who was that girl , anyway ? It wasn 't her , it was that guy she was with . Oh , come on , Dave , she was cute but she was weird . Really weird . Oh , look at that . See , there is a God . If there really was a God , they 'd be serving cold beer . There 'll be plenty of time for that at Smokey 's later on . Watch her , boys , she 's moody . Hey , aren 't they all ? - Put it out . - Come on . - Come on where ? - Just follow me . - We 're gonna get arrested . - So ? - So , have you been to jail ? - Of course not . - No ? Well , trust me , you won 't like it . - I want a fireman . - So do I , but not like this . Gentlemen ! Heather Allman ... Accunews at 11 . - Yeah . May I ask you a few questions for the viewers at home ? No . - You ? - Sorry . Smoke inhalation , laryngitis . I can 't speak . Did you want me to roll on that ? So , you 're a fireman , huh ? Yeah . Your backpack 's on fire . - Yeah , right . - It is . Oh , man . Very nice . Very professional . You want me to help you put that out ? It 's supposed to be fireproof . Oh , my . Hey , how did you guys get past the police line anyway ? Oh , I 'm sorry , I didn 't think it applied to the press . Yeah , it does . That 's why there 's a barricade . Hey , whoa ! That is not news . Ladies , let 's take you over here where it is nice and safe . Stupid thing . Tough . Holy ... What 's going on ? - Hey . - Is there a problem ? Nah , it 's all right , ma 'am . Everything 's under control . I got it . Hey , Dave , you want me to call a real fireman ? Hey . You missed all the fun . I just saw the weirdest ... Dave ! We got no water pressure . Dave ! Oh , are you getting this ? Yes , I 'm getting it . Hi . I 'm here with Chris Andrews from the National Fire Administration at the scene of the third and largest flare-up in as many days . Tell me , Chris , can you give us an update on this latest fire ? Uh , the fire is 80 % contained , but we are looking forward to full containment over the next 12 to 24 hours if the weather continues to cooperate . So is there still a threat to the community nearby ? We have evacuated the community 24 hours ago and I am confident that people will be able to return to their homes by morning , but due to the nature of this fire , we are still considering it a fluid situation . Speaking of fluid , with rain in the forecast , a little of the wet stuff can 't hurt . We 'll be praying for all the rain that we can get . Well , that was the worst one I 've seen , I tell ya . Can I help you ? You must be Andrews . And you must be in my office , Mr ... Cooke . Agent Cooke . Ok , I give up : What does this have to do with my department ? They didn 't tell you ? That makes this awkward . What 's awkward , other than you being in my office ? I 've been assigned from D.C. We 're viewing this fire as a national security threat . Until the situation 's under control , you 'll be reporting to me with regards to this fire . I think I 'm gonna have to speak to my director . You just did . Look , I deal with fires , you deal with terrorism . Among other things , yes . You can confirm my orders with Washington , if you 'd like . I 'll do that . In any event , the fire 's almost out , so I think our association will be a short one . Then you haven 't heard . I just recorded this . We 're live at the Sunny Acres housing development where there has been yet another tragic outbreak of fire . Authorities have yet to confirm that the source of this new outbreak ... What the hell happened ? at the firefighters ' base camp , which exploded mysteriously . Our surveillance team filmed this In the aftermath of the explosion . Recognize him ? No . I 'm not cleared for this level . I 've already put the paperwork in the pipeline . You 'll be cleared . His name 's Dutch Fallon , and let 's just say he 's no stranger to fire . Dutch Fallon 's presence at this incident only confirms what I initially suspected . Interesting . He 's a career firefighter . Was . You think he 's an arsonist ? Maybe you remember the Sand Hills fire back in ' 66 . One of the victims was his girlfriend . They found him a half-mile from where the fire restarted . Had no good explanation for how it began . He 's also been at the scene of several other major fires . It 's all in there . Except for one thing . What 's that ? Not a single conviction . The best ones know how to cover their tracks . The fact that he was a firefighter makes it even easier . Fallon 's a whack job . Paranoid , black-helicopter type . We 've had him under surveillance for years . He shows up before the fire starts , then offers his services to help to fight it . Three years ago , he dropped out of the system , as they say . Pays no taxes , has no bank accounts , lives essentially as a transient . So what is it that you want me to do ? You read the news , Andrews . We get involved here , the media screams terrorism . NFA does it , the media profile stays more manageable . Interested ? These dramatic images are still coming in tonight from the Fairchild forest fire . This fire , which was thought to be contained earlier this afternoon has since spread east and tragically burned several homes in the Sunny Acres housing development near King Road station . As reported earlier today , it 's thought that the relatively contained fire reignited with the explosion of a lunch wagon servicing firefighters at what was a designated staging area . Investigators from the National Fire Agency have yet to confirm the cause ... I don 't think we need to see that again , huh ? It 's unlikely the vehicle was ignited by a forest fire due to ... Sometimes the fire wins , Jake . It wasn 't a fire . Ok . You 're right . It wasn 't a fire . Excuse me ? Heat , fuel and oxygen , classic triangle . What a fire needs . What fire is . But that 's not what was out there today , was it ? I saw it too . Saw what ? How long you been a firefighter ? Six years . 40 for me . North Carolina , New York , Los Angeles County , Brazil , Kuwait . I 've seen fire do things they never taught you at the academy . Hiding in water-soaked walls like it was just waiting for you to leave . Floating fireballs bouncing from one fuel source to the next . But it 's just fire . Heat , fuel and oxygen . Just fire . Except when it 's not . When it 's something else . When it 's something different , like today . Tell me what you saw . The fire ... It 's like it reached out and grabbed Dave . It 's like it wanted him . But that 's ... Impossible ? - Insane . - Absolutely insane . But then again , you saw what you saw . I lost a good friend today because I didn 't react fast enough . Really ? That 's not what you just told me . You said the fire deliberately reached out and grabbed him . Well , I guess I 've had too much to drink . Thanks for the friendly advice . Check out the reports in the morning . Go to the furthest place that the fire advanced to . See what you find . Rain . It can kill a fire . But it can 't kill what you and I both saw out there today . Yeah . You found it . The rain would have drenched this fence last night , but the fire had to figure out some way to survive . Had to find someplace dry , and it found it right up underneath this crossboard . Survive ? What are you saying ? That fire is alive ? Not a fire as you know it . Remember what you told me last night . Look , I wasn 't in my right mind last night . But what you saw yesterday wasn 't right , was it ? You know that . That 's why you 're out here today . Tell me I 'm wrong . Stay with me on this . You 're the fire , and you know that if you don 't find someplace dry , you 're not gonna survive . So where do you go ? Back to the house ? Firefighters are there , laying down water . So the fire 's thinking , " If I can just make it to the fence . " Fire doesn 't think , all right ? You 're right . A normal fire doesn 't . I know how it sounds . A fire that has a purpose , a fire that thinks , a fire that needs something . But I can prove it . The fire burned from the fencepost to this culvert . And where does this empty out ? Why am I guessing you already know ? I 'm not gonna be able to convince you of anything that you don 't want to believe . But you 're a smart guy . You 're gonna see what I 'm talking about soon enough . You just have to work it out for yourself . And when you do , you 're gonna want to talk to somebody . That 's how you can get ahold of me . Looks like the sorcerer has found a new apprentice , Passing the torch , as it were . Fallon 's getting old . Probably figures he can 't keep doing this on his own . Men like Fallon are a danger to the public , sir . Ought to be taken off the streets , put away somewhere . Timing , Kohler . It 's all timing . We move too soon , we lose more than we gain . So we just keep watching him ? For now . - Can I help you ? - I 'm a firefighter From the Fairchild Valley fire yesterday . - Jake Relm . - Chris Andrews . So , what are you doing here ? Well , we have a very unusual burn pattern here . I actually haven 't seen anything like it . Really ? Yeah , come take a look . How do you explain that ? There 's a small amount of mold residue that the fire seems to have followed along the ceiling . But you wouldn 't think it 'd be enough to burn . No , you wouldn 't . And then there 's a storm drain outlet over there . That 's where the fire started . Shall we ? It really does look like the fire burned its way along the ceiling . But the source was the storm drain outlet . Actually , it 's right over there . We 'll find out where that leads to . Sunny Acres housing development . How 'd you know that ? I was there this morning , I saw something similar . You know a fire does the strangest things . Yeah . You know , there 's something else I want you to have a look at . Do you recognize him ? Yeah , that 's Dutch Fallon . How long have you known him ? I met him last night for the first time at Smokey 's . Have you seen him since ? Yeah ... Yeah , I saw him this morning over at Sunny Acres . I think he 's like following me or something . What did you talk about ? Fires mostly . The guy 's got some pretty whacked out theories . He 's like a fire nut or something . You could say that . Oh , you know what ? Um ... He gave me this . Would you mind coming in and making a statement about your interaction with Mr. Fallon ? Sure . This evening , my office at five ? Yeah , I 'll be there . - Ok . - Tonight . Isn 't that that firefighter from yesterday ? Yeah , yeah , he 's the one who lost his partner . I wonder what he 's doing here . He was just talking to the NFA lady , Andrews . You know , it 's strange that a brush firefighter would be talking to a federal agent out here . What are you thinking ? Like maybe they 're dating . He 's up to something , I can smell it . Yeah , yeah . This is another one of your wild ideas . It 's called investigative journalism . Yeah . You know , just do your job and roll camera . - I 've got an idea . - Okay . - How 's my hair ? - Rolling . This is Heather Allman reporting from Lancaster road where , despite last night 's heavy rainfalls , a fire erupted in this gully here behind me . I don 't know , sir , I don 't know how to put it . It 's just a feeling . He got evasive when I asked him about Fallon . I 'm bringing him in today at five . Too soon . I want to develop some additional leads . I can 't have you arresting my prime suspects . I 'm not talking about making an arrest , I just want him to come in and make a statement . All right , but be discreet . We don 't wanna scare off the big fish by going after the small fry . When you 've interviewed him , report back to me . Understood , sir . Excuse me , agent Andrews ? We spoke briefly yesterday . I 'd like to get your comments on the ongoing investigation . It 's too early to comment . Well , wouldn 't you agree that this latest flare-up was suspicious in origin ? When I have more information , you two will be the first to know . Excuse me . This is perfect . It is ? Yes . She 's obviously covering something up . Ok , all right , I hate to ask ... But what next ? We 're gonna go down to that gully and find out what the NFA was so interested in . As soon as those firefighters leave , we 'll do a little investigating on our own . Heather , I really don 't like this . When I want your opinion , I 'll give it to you . instant karma . Is your ankle ok ? Forget my ankle . These are Italian . I spent a fortune on them . One of the firemen told me they spent a long time in here . I hope that you don 't think I 'm gonna follow you in here , ' cause ... Oh , man . You know , maybe I did sprain my ankle . Heather ? Are you okay ? Oh , my god . Heather ? I just got an update on that culvert fire that I was investigating earlier today . Well , they just discovered two bodies on the scene . I 'm waiting for the details from the coroner , but no question it was fire related . So , how do you plan to proceed ? I 'm bringing in Fallon . Loss of property is one thing , but I 've got two more dead bodies here . I think it 's premature , Andrews . Premature ? The victims were reporters , sir . This case is gonna get more than the usual attention . We need to be able to say that we 're being proactive . We have Fallon under surveillance . We also know that he 's got at least one possible accomplice . Maybe more . I don 't want to make a move until I 'm sure there aren 't others . I can 't have your arrest jeopardizing an ongoing operation . I 'm not gonna sit on my hands and wait for this lunatic to strike again . If Fallon is who you say he is , he needs to be brought in immediately . All right , bring him in . But you use my men . Not negotiable . Mr. Kohler will put together a team for the take-down and you 'll accompany them . Firecamp One to Dutch . Over . Don 't you think this is a little excessive ? No . You don 't know Fallon . Somebody has to stay with the vehicle . That 's you . Cooke 's orders . All right , I guess I 'll be here , then ... Knitting . Knitting sounds good . Let 's move out . Freeze , Fallon . Don 't move a muscle . Put the weapon on the deck . Nice and slow . Move in . Didn 't realize I was so damn dangerous . You flatter me , Kohler . Don 't mess with me , Fallon . The grenade too . It 's armed . If I drop it , it 'll go off . Drop the grenade . Kohler , I know you think I 'm a whack job , and , hell , who knows , maybe I am , but ... I 'm not suicidal . This really is armed and if I drop it , it will go off . Just let me disarm it , and then I 'll drop it . So help me , Fallon ... Do it . That 's wise , Kohler . Cuff him . Yes , sir . Kill him ! Suspect is escaping on foot . We 're in pursuit . Come on , come on . To the left , to the left . - I got it , I got it . - Move to the right . Mr. Fallon , you 're under arrest . State your name for the record , please . Dutch Fallon . Where 's Cooke ? My guess is , he 's on the other end of that . Hey , Cooke . Long time no see . I 've been through all this before . Ok , this is how it works , Mr. Fallon ... I ask the questions , you provide the answers . Ok , shoot . I 've got nothing to hide . What is your occupation ? Well , if you 've seen my file , you know I 'm ... I 'm a firefighter . Sorry , I 'm a bit nervous . When you said to come in and answer some questions I didn 't think it was gonna ... Be like this . Oh , it 's , um ... It 's just routine , lieutenant . I 'm sorry it has to be done this way but it 's just part of the procedure . Oh , come on , please , don 't play games with me . You 're part of it , along with everybody else . You want to silence people like me who know all about them . Them ? He thinks that fire 's ... Alive somehow . Lieutenant Relm , how long have you known Mr. Fallon ? I told you , I met him a couple of days ago . We talked at Smokey 's for , what ... I don 't know , maybe 5 minutes , no more . And that was when ? Night before last . I saw him at the fire but the timing wasn 't right . Timing ? To do what ? To talk to him . He ... Just lost my best friend . I wasn 't really in the mood to talk to anybody . Well , you must have talked about something . Fire , mostly . Like I said , he 's got some pretty far-out ideas . I study fire . You take pictures and video ? That 's interesting . Arsonists like to do that . So do reporters . Are they arsonists ? Funny you should mention it , two were found dead this afternoon , burned in a fire . Did you start that one , or did you leave it to your new recruit ? A new recruit ? For what ? The fire nuts club ? What exactly are you getting at ? Heather Allman and her camerawoman were killed by a fire . It started on the site we investigated earlier . Look , I don 't know what he told you or what 's going on here , but I am not a part of it , ok ? He 's seen what I 've seen , but he just doesn 't understand it yet . I 'm a fireman . I put out fires . I don 't start them and I certainly don 't kill people . Your company , 10 : 1 consulting ... What does the 10 : 1 stand for ? Leviticus chapter 10 verse 1 . What is the significance ? Why don 't you ask your boss ? He 's familiar with that passage . And while you 're at it , Why don 't you get him to tell you about Los Alamos ? Look , I thought I was just coming in To answer a few questions about a crazy guy I barely know . But now you 're like , accusing me of being in on it with him . Unless you 're arresting me , we 're done here . Wait here , please . Well , well . I was wondering when you would show your face . Agent Andrews ? - Yeah ? - Coroner on line 3 . Can you pick up , please ? Yeah . Chris Andrews here . I thought we had an agreement , Dutch . I 'm not the one who broke it . There 's a bigger agreement here , Dutch . We 've broken our covenant with God . " The broad walls of babylon shall be utterly overthrown , and her high gates burned with fire . " He 's sending his angels to punish us , just as he did to aaron 's sons , and so many others over the centuries . That 's not for you to decide , Cooke . Perhaps not . But other things do fall under my control . For example , the penalty for treason at one time was death . The traitor was considered an enemy of the state , more dangerous even than the actual enemy . Sometimes , the enemy isn 't who you think it is . Take care , Fallon . I mean that . Wait . What 's going on ? Why is he leaving ? I cut him loose . What ? You heard me , andrews . Well , what about the charges ? No charges will be filed at this time . Fallon resisted arrest . He fired at federal agents . A halon gas cartridge for extinguishing fires . Nonlethal , no lasting effects . Look ... He and Relm will be followed , full surveillance . And when the time comes to bring them both in , you will be the field agent in charge , and I 'll be back home in D.C. What did he mean by Los Alamos ? The man 's unstable . Very inventive , though . Look , I think I could conduct this investigation more effectively if you would just let me ... You 'll know when I decide to let you know . I spoke to the coroner . One of the victims was cut in half , seared in two by a high-intensity flame . And equally as strange is Heather Allman ... Her body was burnt but only internally , and her skin ... not a mark . Keep me posted . Catch . Control , this is car 131 . I 've got a vehicle on fire . Man down , appears to be conscious . Request fire department and ambulance . Over . - Hey , buddy ... You okay ? - Yeah . - What happened ? - Yeah , I 'm fine . Just put out the fire . - You 're sure ? - Positive . All right . Hey , are you okay ? Shots fired , officer down , I 'm traveling , uh ... about half a mile north on the 6 and 97 interchange . I need immediate assistance . I repeat , I need immediate assistance . We have a situation . The creature is neutralized for now , but you 'll need to get some sanitation assets down here on the double . We need a secure morgue . Take it easy , Andrew . Understood ? I 'll dispatch the team . It 's been called alien fire . As in space aliens ? As in Old Testament . " Now Aaron 's sons , Nadav and Avihu , " each took their fire pan and put fire in it " and laid incense on it , " and offered the Lord alien fire " which he had not commanded . " A fire came forth from them " and , before the Lord , consumed them . Thus they died before the Lord . " Aaron 's sons were consumed by fire from within . Their bodies looked untouched , but they were scorched inside . Fire was coming from their eyes . Throughout history , human beings have been confronted with strange , unexplained things and they call them gods and demons and even angels . I believe that Aaron 's sons weren 't taking fire into the tent as an offering . One of these things came down to earth , starving . It was desperate to find fuel , food . And it entered their bodies and took them over . These things ... Where do they come from ? They 're thrown off by solar flares . Some just drift off into space , others come to earth . And there 's another one right here , right now . And Jake , it 's alive . It 's intelligent . And the worst part ? Our government knows all about it . The last one arrived 3 years ago . The government caught it , took it to Los Alamos . Wait ... How do you know all this stuff ? Because I was there . I helped them catch it . But it didn 't stay caught for long . Warning , containment failure . I warned you , Cooke . I warned you . What are you doing ? Come on , Cooke , open it up . People are dying in there . It 's suicide , Dutch . - Use the gun , it works . - You don 't know that ! I know that ! It works . Be my guest . It 's burning through the conduit wires . The fool . Remember me , you son of a bitch ? I 've spent my entire life studying these things , figuring out a way to contain ' em , kill ' em . Cooke was working with the NSA at the time . He found out about my research and approached me . He said the government knew all about ' em . He was trying to find a way to destroy them . But that was a lie . He wasn 't trying to destroy them . He wanted to harness their power and use it as a weapon . And I hadn 't realized that until I had spent over 5 years In Los Alamos studying it . But I got to know it . I got to know it real well . There you are . " Neither their silver nor their gold " will be able to save them on the day of the Lord 's wrath . " In the fire of his jealousy the whole world will be consumed . For he will make a sudden end Of all those who live in the earth . " Now that we have the beast contained , I 'll make transportation arrangements for Los Alamos . - I 'm not going to Los Alamos . - What ? Neither are you . So , what you 're describing can 't be true . Nothing like that can stay a secret . Well , that 's the thing , Jake . For some people , it 's not a secret . That 's where it all started , where I first saw one of those things . We had one more year of school , then we were gonna get married . I 'm sorry , man . Yeah , me too . It was years before I saw another one . Alabama , 1976 . Nuclear reactor fire . The authorities covered it up , of course . A nuclear reactor fire . You know what they said caused it ? A candle . But that 's when I began to see a pattern , Jake . It was going after power stations and oil deposits . So the creature seeks out fuel ? Yeah . The pumping stations . A strategic fuel reserve . What are you doing , Andrews ? I just wanted to get some papers from my desk . Sure . Be my guest . I suppose my being here has been somewhat of an inconvenience . Not at all . I 'm heading for Washington for a few days . You have my contact numbers . I 'll be available . You heard about Relm ? I heard there was an accident . Yeah , it seems like somebody accidentally threw a grenade in his truck . Relations between criminals often sour , ending in violence of one kind or another . Now , if you don 't mind , I have a plane to catch . Just one more thing , sir . The officer that was killed on the scene , his body was moved to an undisclosed location for national security reasons . You know what 's impressed me the most about you thus far , Andrews ? It 's that you seem to ask only the right questions . Don 't start asking the wrong ones . Well , if it isn 't the lady with all the questions . - Where 's Dutch ? - See , there she goes again . He 'll be right back . I 've got a question for you . Who tried to kill me ? I don 't know . Really ? I have a good idea but the implications are pretty frightening . You know , I 'll tell you what 's frightening , the fact that you guys are still looking for an arsonist when there is something out there the likes of which I have never seen before . Oh , come on , Jake . Look at all the evidence , huh ? The odd burning patterns , the victims being burned on the inside but not the out . This is more than ordinary fire we 're dealing with . This is a living creature , Chris . Dutch was right . I saw it with my own eyes . Fire isn 't alive , Jake . The pumping station . Oh , my god . What ? I 've seen this exact map , this exact diagram on Cooke 's computer . Do you think it 's possible that they could be working together ? There is no way that would happen , darling . I 've worked with the man before . I see you found your way here . Sounds like you 've got some issues with your boss . Don 't you think it 's a little strange that you both have the same map of the pumping station ? Not really . It 's a great fuel source for the creature . I know that and he knows that . Can we stop talking about creatures and fires that are alive ? I 'm trying to find a rational explanation here . Good luck . Cooke just let you go without so much as a warning . Why ? Believe me , he 's not finished with me yet . You said you saw that photo in Cooke 's office ? Did you see anything else unusual ? Talking about a big case , about this big by this big ? Yeah. he did . He took it with him to Washington . Well , that 's it . They 've got the creature . And him and Kohler will probably take it to los alamos right after . Sorry , it 's done . Well , done or not , Kohler isn 't going anywhere . He 's dead . Look , I need to understand . What is the significance of this pumping station to you ? And I want the truth , because it isn 't what you think it is . I know what it is . It 's the regional strategic petroleum reserve . " As smoke is driven away , so drive them away . " As wax melteth before the fire , " so let the wicked perish at the presence of god . " Babylon . That 's what he meant . That 's what who meant ? " The broad walls of babylon will be utterly overthrown " and its high gate burned by fire , " and the flames that engulf the city will go up forever and ever . " He 's not on a plane . He didn 't go anywhere . He 's after the reserve . " Verily I have cleansed my heart in vain and washed my hands in innocency . " Get on the phone and call whoever you know at domestic security . Oh , and tell them what ? One of their senior agents is going to blow up a city ? They 're gonna lock us up , not him . Look , he could be on his way to the pumping station right now . And at his clearance level , he could just walk right in . I don 't know whether we 're gonna be able to stop him in time . Yeah , but would he actually go straight there ? Cooke 's an arsonist , right ? What do arsonists love to do more than anything else in the world ? - Watch his fire burn . - Exactly . So he 's going to find someplace with the best view , and I know just the spot . It 's an abandoned glass factory . We used to run fire drills there , so I know it pretty well . It 's got a feeder pipe that leads right to the pumping station . I 'll try and find the shut-off valve . You guys go after Cooke . You got it . Don 't move , Cooke . Hands in the air . Do you really think you can stand in their way ? The angels of the apocalypse are with us . The one that 's here now is gonna reach the oil reservoir . That 's when the cleansing fire will begin . The world will be born anew . Back away from the case . Now ! No one stands in the way of angels . They 're not angels , Cooke . Set your weapon down . Nice and slow . Especially not sinners like you . Dutch , are you all right ? Don 't worry about me . Go after him . Dutch . Can you believe this ? The bastard shot me . Where 's Chris ? She went after him . Look , Dutch , you 're gonna be okay , right ? - We 're going to get some help . - No . I 've been waiting for this day for a long time . Long time . I so wanted to be the one to send this thing to hell , but you 're gonna have to do it for me . Look , I don 't know what you know about how to kill these things . Then you 're gonna have to learn real fast , aren 't you ? You can do it . I got faith in you . I got ... Dutch ? Hey . Let 's get out of here . Get down . Huh ? Now do you believe me ? The halon gun is on the catwalk . I know a short cut . Follow me . I can help you ! I know where a major fuel source is ! I can take you there ! If that thing 's in the pipe , it can be in the pumping station in minutes . We 'd better warn them . We 'll need this . Stay where you are . Hands in the air . National Fire Agency . The station 's at risk . All right , come forward . Just you . The fuel feeder pipe from the factory , where is it ? Excuse me . Number one , I 'm talking to her . Number two , that 's restricted information . You need to take us there right now . Ma 'am , this is a u.S. Military facility . You have no jurisdiction here . The fire doesn 't care about jurisdiction , lieutenant . You 're sitting on ten million barrels of crude that 's gonna blow up in 5 minutes . I gotta bump this up to my captain . When the fire hits the reservoir , they 're gonna hear it in alaska . Why don 't you bump that up to your captain ? Are you telling me the fire is gonna spread from there to here through a pipe ? What the hell kind of fire travel through a pipe ? I think maybe you 've been breathing in the wrong kind of smoke . The two of you need to turn around and go home . We got fire suppression capability sufficient to cope with any eventuality that could possibly ... Happen . Fire suppression team , on the double ! Let 's get this thing under control . - What the hell happened ? - I don 't know . It just freaking blew . What the heck ? Holy ... Shoot the tires . Soldier , what happened to that fire truck ? I wouldn 't worry about the fire truck , sir ... I 'd worry about that ! What the hell is that thing ? That thing is gonna burn down the whole complex to get to the reserve . I 'd get them the hell out of here right now . What am I supposed to do about that thing ? Let us worry about that . We 're equipped to deal with it . You 've gotta put out that fire . My men and I will do our part . Code red ! Code red ! Good luck . What the hell are we gonna do ? That thing 's just getting stronger and stronger . I 've got a fireproof suit ... If I can get close enough to access the fuel , we 'll blow the tank , The creature gets caught in a fireball . We detonate the second tank by blowing up an oil well . The second detonation will cut off all contact with the first fireball in the ground . Starve the son of a bitch . - This is crazy . - I know . I 'll open the valve and lure the beast to the first tank . What if it attacks ? Well , hopefully between the suit and the halon shells , I 'll be ok . Once I get this drain valve open , get ready to shoot the second tank . Look , whatever happens ... Don 't miss . Can you hear me , Jake ? Yes . I 'm opening the valve . Be careful , Jake . It 's seen you . Jake , are you all right ? Yeah , I 'm okay . Did we get it ? I don 't know . I have a faint reading . It 's really faint ... But nearby . I don 't know where it 's coming from . Where the hell is it ? The second valve 's open . Shoot as soon as I 'm clear .
