 From the very beginning , we have wondered how life began , what our purpose is and where we are headed . We have struggled to understand time , matter , the infinite universe , who we are and if we are alone . Great minds have imagined the most wonderful and the most terrifying answers to these questions . We invite you to join us on this great expedition . Company halt . Sweep the mines , joes . On my order- - wait for it . If necessity is the mother of invention , what will drive our ingenuity when all our needs have been fulfilled ? Mr. and Mrs. Van Vogel , Tibor Cargrew . How do you do ? Welcome to Controlled Genetics . Walk this way . Wait . Here at Controlled Genetics , we don 't try . We just do . That 's very profound thinking . Yes , from people whose wisdom comes from reading t-shirts . Oh , arrogance and money . I like that combination . Well , we have buckets of both . Well , let me take you on a little tour - on the way to my office . - A private tour , yes ? We don 't have to share it with anyone , do we ? No one from the , uh , what do you call it ? - Uh , the public . - Good lord , no . What do you take me for ? - Sigret , boss ? - What ? Sigret . I think he wants a cigarette . - Get back to work , joe . - Jerry . Uh ... Jerry like sigret . No , Jerry , cigarettes are bad for you--very bad for you . - Oh ... Jerry like candy . - I like candy , too . - Don 't encourage him , Brownie . - Get back to work . This way . Sigret ? This is the plasto-biology atrium . I hope you like it . I designed it . - Oh , did you ? - Yes . And here is a little display of who we are - and what we do . - Welcome to the joe nursery . Baby joes don 't cry real tears . Before we can assign the workers to the job that they were built for , we take them out of the hatchery , and then they go through their first operation to meld the plasto with the biological . Mrs. Van vogel , may I have a word , please ? Have you ever considered any - plasto-biology for yourself ? - What ? - How old are you now , 100 ? - 85 . Oh . I 'm only 85 . Must be the lighting in here . Please , over here . Radiation doesn 't stop the joe . Radiation can be fun if you 're a joe . That is a glowboy , isn 't it ? - Isn 't that a glowboy ? - Brownie , you know a new word . Wh-what 's a glowboy ? That 's a clean-up joe at a nuclear reactor . They don 't last long . Believe it or not , it 's cheaper than getting the locals to do the same job for 3 cents and a Bob Marley T-shirt . The best thing about it is , no health insurance . You know , it used to be very dangerous work . Now the joes do it . You won 't see any of these things applying early decision at Cornell , eh , Cargrew ? Yeah ... over here . Radiation can be fun if you 're a joe . - Now over here , we 've- - - Double soy latte . Very good . We 've just received an order for 25,000 of these joes . So they 'll be working at certain chain of coffeehouse which I 'm not at liberty to name , but suffice to say , there 'll be no more of those little tip jars by the cash register . - You know what I 'm saying ? - Tipping , us ? Would you like a muffin with your coffee ? Fellow at the club comes into the club- - the Bradbury club- - they wouldn 't let you in because , well , you work . We 're there every day , our usual place , having our usual conversation ... And since they 're only $ 50,000 each , we 'll get both . Why don 't we just get all three ? Pudgy , you know the rules . Pudgy , you know the rules . No dogs except seeing eye dogs allowed inside the club . And since we don 't accept the blind as members ... no dogs at all . Oh , my god ! Is there a dog in the clubhouse ? - That 's a dog , Pudg . - No , not legally . You 're not a real dog , are you , boy ? I 'm not a real dog . I 'm a plasto-biological hybrid . Yes , yes , yes , yes- - A plasto-biological hybrid . And I only cost $ 1 million . I 'm the million-dollar puppy ! The million-dollar puppy . A 6-legged dachshund . And he made a fool out of us . We want to come back with something ... more impressive . What , like an 8-legged dachshund ? We don 't do dachshunds . Funny little dogs- - Just not us . Vulgar , grotesque . It 's your idea , Brownie . You can tell him . $ 500 million , and he thinks he 's rich . Ha . $ 500 million , and he thinks he has the right to make fun of us , to show off . A million bucks ... and a 6-legged wiener buys him a few minutes of attention . What kind of designer animal do you think it would take to burn that smile off his fat face ? - I have an idea . - Mm-hmm ? Oh , I have a very good idea . Will it cost lots of money ? Oh ... so much , so very much . Ooh ! I like it ! - What ? - Pegasus . I want a flying horse . I want to land on the roof of the club on a flying horse . Big gold wings ... and then I want that flying horse to step on that damn dachshund and squeeze all the dachshund out of it like a dachshund burrito . A dachshund isn 't even a decent animal when it has the regulation four legs . You know what I 'm saying . We want it as fast as you can make it . - A pegasus--how much ? - Oh , just hold on a second . I want to show you something . The seventh richest woman in the world just told you what she wants . Get it for her . Just hold your genetically unmodified horses , Brownie . I want you to meet someone very special . Is he going to bring out someone retarded and ask us for charity ? If he does , we 'll walk out . Thank you . Someone very special , indeed . Come on , come on . Come on , come on . A baby elephant ! Oh , look , Bron , a baby elephant . Where is your mommy ? Actually , ahem , I 'm his mommy , and he 's not a baby . Oh , yes , he is . He 's a vewy young elephant . In spite of the quaint way that you are addressing him , he really is a fully grown , fully formed adult . Je vous présent Napoleon . What ? He said , " I present to you Napoleon . " - It 's french . - Oh . For the price I 'm sure you 're asking , that 's the least . For the price we 're asking , he can read and write . Oh , what beautiful writing . He likes me ! Oh , look , Bron , he likes me . He doesn 't even know me , and he likes me . I want a horse , Martha . Get the horse , if you want it . I want the baby elephant . Um , actually , he 's not a baby . He 's full grown , and he comes with his own little bed . Oh , sweetie ... Does anyone else have one of these things ? Oh , good lord . I wouldn 't dare show him to you if you weren 't the first . - How much ? - $ 3,350,000 . Oh , write the check , Bron . I just don 't think that a scribbling elephant is going to trump Pudgy 's dachshund . What about the pegasus ? Well , get the pegasus if you want it . Napoleon makes me give up all thoughts of ego and revenge . He makes me want to be pure and good and kind . Anyway , we couldn 't possibly supply you with a pegasus today . You don 't want us to have a pegasus , and I know why- - Because you don 't know how to graft wings on a horse . I don 't know how to graft wings on a horse ? That 's like saying the creator of " Bugs Bunny " wouldn 't know how to animate a bouncing ball . Look here , Brownie , you 're not the first cabana boy to come waltzing in here with his wife 's money , asking for pegasus . I have never been so insulted . Who 's Bugs Bunny ? Let me explain something to you . I can make you a living thing- - I won 't call it an animal- - the size and the shape ... of this table here . Alive ? Yeah , but good for what ? Ingesting food ? Making chemical energy , doing doo-doo ? Displaying irritability- - Aah . Come on , it 's a stupid , silly manipulation . Mechanically , a table and a horse are two very different things . Hmm , sure , - I could make you a winged horse . - You just said you couldn 't . Permission not granted to interrupt . I said I could make you a winged horse . It just won 't fly . An animal is a machine . It 's a heat engine that uses levers and hydraulic systems . - You savvy aerodynamics ? - I have a jet , of course . Do you run your jet on hay ? Because a horse is a hay-burner . An aerodynamic horse would need a breastbone 10 feet wide , a wingspan of 80 feet . Folded , its wings would cover it like a huge tent . If I were you , I 'd be saying , " Cargrew , you 're a whore . " What the world needs is the return of the gulf current . " What the world needs is cures for cancer , swine flu " and inherited wealth . " And what are you doing ? What are you doing ? " You 're acting like a french toy maker " two years before they cut off the head of Marie Antoinette , " supplying to parasite classes with grotesque diversions " like opera-singing cuckoo clocks , " when you should be out there manning the barricades , " chief engineer to a 10-seat illotine . " Instead , you 're making miniature elephants . " You 're disgusting , Cargrew , " a pathetic representative of science gone bad ... gone way bad . " Well , that 's what I would be saying , and more , but I 'm through giving the enemy all my best ammunition . My husband is not a cabana boy . He 's a caddie . There 's a difference ... And we 'll take the elephant . Do I really look 100 ? No , no . Oh , what do you think I need ? We 'll talk later . But ... Well , that 's Jerry . What 's he doing ? Where are they going ? Well , wait . That joe , Jerry--he just said something to me . Oh , forget about him . No , no , I think he was saying , " Help me . " " Help me " ? Good lord , no . No , no , no , no , no . Ah , no , what he was saying was , " Kill me . " Yes , " Kill me . " They all say that near the end . You 're going to kill him ? Well , this batch is scheduled for liquidation in what , two or three days ? When 's processing ? - Two hours . - Oh , there you are . - Two hours . - Two hours . He 's going to die . We 're all going to die . Well , I know that , but we 're not dying on schedule . Next . Oh , my . This way , move it through . Candy . Candy . Candy , please , missy . Candy . - Hello , Jerry . - Candy , missy ? Here , Jerry . A candy , a mint . Oh ... sankoo , missy . Me Jerry . How do you do , Jerry ? - Howdy , missy . - This is not a good idea . Well , Bronson , doesn 't he look exactly like uncle Albert , except that he 's so sad ? Jerry , why are you so sad ? Ask a spare tire to describe a rose . Joes don 't have abstract reasoning . Jerry sad . - Well , he answered . - No , he spoke . He didn 't answer . Why , Jerry ? Why are you so sad ? Oh , no work , no sigret , no candy . No work . What happened ? What was he designed for ? Well , let me see . This batch were ... Uh , minesweepers for the army . We tried to retrain them as carpet cleaners , floor polishing , even as gardeners , but their genetically imprinted pattern that they walk doesn 't include them getting around the furniture . Joe , walk the field . Jerry walk the field . Jerry ? Joe walk the field . See ? Jerry walk the field , walk the field , Jerry . No boom . Get candy ? Get sigret ? Sigret ? He was sent into minefields ? Yes , well , obviously he made it out . - But Jerry wants to work . - Work ? Oh , sure , mike . Good work . Uh , Jerry walk the field . One step , one step , one step . No boom . Safe , safe . You 're going to kill him , and he wants to work ? Look , let me just tell you this . He was trained and bred to be blown up . And now the army has no further use for him , there 's nothing for him to do . So all we 're doing is just trimming off the bad parts of his life , and don 't forget , the joes wouldn 't be here if we hadn 't been here , because we invented them . How much ? How much what ? How much will it cost me to buy him from you ? And how many parakeets did you buy from the pet store this morning so you could let them all fly free ? You wanna save that joe from dog food ? You turn them into dog food ? A very good large breed puppy food , actually , - high in protein . - Oh , my god . This is our business , baby . We sell everything but the oink . Anyway , he 's already been paid for . Come on , toots . I mean , you 're one of the richest women on the planet . How 'd you think the world works ? - I- - - That 's my fault . I work very hard to keep her happy and amused and distract her from the pain of the world . Except the joes don 't feel any pain . There , you heard it , Martha . See ? They don 't feel pain . But if he likes candy , he feels pleasure . But it 's not the same as you and I wanting it , honey . I want him . Now I want him even more . I want him . What are you going to do with him ? Are you going to look for mines ? - Oh , walk the field . - Stop , Jerry . I 'm going to rescue him . How much ? ! Don 't tell me you 're changing your mind about Napoleon , the scribbling pachyderm . If I can 't have the joe , you can 't have the elephant . I 'm not giving this company any of my money if I can 't have the joe- - Jerry--if I can 't have Jerry . I told you the dog food company paid for him already . Well , how much , and I 'll pay it back ? Is it--is it the sale that you don 't want ? We could always lease him . Brownie , you had a good idea just now- a very good idea . - Lease ... hmm , lease . Yes , that may work , actually . Son of a gun , you got me there . All right . One year , paid in advance . - Martha- - - Whatever . Jerry . Jerry , you 're coming home . Oh , boy . What a good elephant . No more writing on the floor , Nappy . Remember what I told you ? He likes me . You can let him express himself if he likes me . It 's just ink . It 'll wash off . Here . Well , so what ? All gone . Sigret ? Sigret later , Jerry . Oh , Jerry messy . Jerry need clean up . I think you need to clean up , Jerry . Oh , no boom today . Jerry walk . Jerry no boom . Walk , no boom . Candy ? Sigret ? Oh , Jerry work good , boss . Jerry work good , boss . Think you 're jealous of Jerry 's happiness , Brownie . Uh , he has no emotions , Martha . The elephant has more emotions than the joe . Don 't you , boy ? Don 't you have more emotions that that silly old joe ? Oh , Jerry sad . No sigret . Oh , Jerry sad . Oh , Jerry , I don 't want you to be sad . Brownie sad . Brownie alone here . Missy never clean up brownie . Brownie didn 't serve his company--country . Whatever , company , country- - You didn 't serve either one walking in the minefields . Come with me , Jerry . It 's bedtime . He 's sitting on my pillow , Martha . He 's just a joe , Brownie . Yeah ? He 's just a joe . Nappy likes his bed . Oh , look , Martha . Martha . I put on half a pound this month . I 'm gonna work out . Come with me . Let 's go down to the gym room , and we 'll throw on a movie and watch it for a couple of miles on the treadmill , hmm ? You go . I 'll stay here and take care of Nappy . Well , tell Nappy I said good night . You don 't care about your weight , do you , Jerry ? Jerry like candy . That is such a simple truth . I don 't know how to say a sentence with just three simple words . - Sigret ? - Or one word . What 's it like being Jerry ? Oh , it 's silly to ask , isn 't it ? Might as well ask me what it 's like being Martha . Jerry , uh , walk ? Well , that 's it , isn 't it ? Jerry walk . Martha spend . Jerry smoke . Martha diet . Martha make love to husband . Martha roll over and go to sleep . Martha wake up . Martha work out . Martha spend money . Martha spend ... lots and lots of ... money . Do you even know what money is ? Oh , candy . Uh , sigret ? Of course . What else can it be but what you buy with it ? And if you don 't spend it , then it 's nothing . Oh , did I get this right , Jerry ? If money is just candy and cigarettes- - - No , sigret . - Sigret . If money is just what you trade it for and you don 't trade it , then you don 't have any money . We live very simply ... like in the bible . So if I have all my billions , but I don 't spend them , then my billions aren 't really there . That 's so simple and yet so complicated at the same time . Jerry , look at what y know . What if you 're the last thing I ever buy ... Except for clothing and shoes and travel ? I 'll be happy . Thank you . Jerry want sleep now . Jerry get sleep now . Aah ! Martha ! He was lonely . Oh , candy ? Out now ! Walk the field . Oh , walk the field . He 's going back . This isn 't going to work . If I had a minefield that he could sweep , then I-I could keep him busy , but I don 't have a minefield . - He 's ours . - We got a lease on him- - no option to buy , and I 'm taking him back . If you do , I 'll leave you . You 'd leave me for that weapon detector ? You 'd--you 'd leave me for that thing ? ! Not " thing . " Jerry is a him . If you want to keep him , you 'll have to sue controlled genetics . Do you know how much that 's gonna cost you , Martha ? Think hard- - it or me ? Suing controlled genetics will cost me a lot less than making good on the prenup , darling . I 'll take this to court . I 'll keep him , and I 'll keep you . Now look what you 've done . You woke up the elephant . No boom . The lease agreement is very clear , Mrs. Van Vogel . There is no lease option to buy . So I haven 't saved his life . It wasn 't yours to save . And after all he did for his country- - I mean , company . Company- - Except for the part about not actually dying , but he might have , and he shouldn 't . Poor Jerry . So I came to you because I want to sue them to change the lease . I want to sue for ownership , and then I want to set him free and I want to stop all this killing . If you were able to prove that their methods of disposing of these things were inhumane , or if they were negligent of their physical welfare before destroying them or if the destruction was wanton- - - But it is . - Not in a legal sense . You cannot compel a person to maintain property at a loss . What do you think , Mr. McCoy ? Could we approach this through the S.P.C.A. ? No . No , the S.P.C.A. angle 's no good . Cargrew 's lawyers will be ready to prove that the joes actually enjoy being killed off . What are you thinking ? Does Jerry like music ? Like it ? He loves it . He 's been learning to sing . I 'd like to hear him sing . Jerry , take out your ear things . Good boy . Jerry , sing us a song- - something you like . Oh , jinger bez , jinger bez , jinger awrah day Oh , wot fun tiz to ride a 1-hoss open sray ... sr ... - Is that your phone number ? - No . That 's what it will cost you to hire me to take this case to court and win it . One of the richest women in the world is putting it all on the line today- - fighting to save a joe named Jerry . I guess I 'd taken for granted all of the joes in the world until I met Jerry . Are you saying that this joe is a human ? I 'm saying that Jerry and all the other joes shouldn 't be turned into dog food when they 're out of work . Well , I don 't work , and I would hate to be kibbled . The club board has voted to terminate Martha 's membership . We have joes working here , and the thought of Martha coming into the club with a joe as a guest was , well , frankly disgusting . A joe serving food to another joe , uh ... think about it- - it--it--it 's insane . It--it 's ... Well , I 've said it . It 's insane . All rise for the honorable judge Alexa Pomfrey , judge Leo Tolchinsky and judge Wendy Narita . You may be seated . As many as 12 billion people are watching this trial . This tribunal is gonna be very disappointed if the outside media circus affects the deliberations in here . Each of us has at least 70 years experience as a judge , and I think that we 've developed a reputation for fairness and good manners . In the matter of Jerry- - no last name , described as a legal , permanent resident- - against the corporate person , Controlled Genetics , forbidding it to do him any physical harm , and in particular , forbidding the company from killing him . Counsel for the plaintiff , are you ready to begin ? A corporation is a legal fiction . It can 't vote . It can 't read a book . It can 't walk the dog , but you are gonna hear this imaginary soulless entity argue that a flesh and blood creature , a being of , uh , hopes and longings and passions- - that fictional entity is gonna argue that a friend of mine has no legal existence , and that 's what we 're talking- - that 's who we 're talking about- - right over there . Jerry . My friend Jerry . Sigret ? Later , Jerry , later . Don 't tell me to tell you that Jerry doesn 't exist , because , of course , I know the joe exists . I see him sitting over there . But is he alive ? I don 't deny that he has a sort of life , but he 's not really a person . He 's the product of a series of patents . Everyone thought the future was going to be mechanical- - robots , robots . But the world will not be served by toasters . Now what--what is a joe ? A joe is a few strands of human D.N.A. along with some other stuff which is proprietary , and then it 's all manipulated to serve a specific sign . I-I could give you an example . There is camera joe . And over here--minefield joe . Case closed , your honor . We 'd like to show a video . Hmm . I like videos . Great . Let 's watch . This was taken six months ago . Jerry is the one in the center . Company halt . Sweep the mines , joes . Walk , no boom . Yeah , well , maybe " Walk , no boom " for you , joe , but- - - Jerry . - Just watch . Sigret . Sankoo . Thank you . What did you just see ? Well , I think it 's obvious that he doesn 't care whether he lives or dies , and that 's the way I designed him . He 's not afraid of death . Then it 's into the bus , and after that it 's ... Know what I mean ? No problem-O . He 's not a man . Your honor , I move to dismiss this case . I would do the same thing if I were you . Mr. McCoy , can we call it a day ? Call it a day , your honor ? A day ? You saw the video ? I did your honor . I saw the video , and--and the video , your honor- - the video proves that Jerry- - your honor , Jerry is a man . I knew it . I just want to ask you a couple or three questions . - You with me ? - Yes . Why was Jerry set for destruction ? The truth . There was no more money in him . I mean , it 's--it 's like a ... a different form of layoff . In the old days when a car company stopped making money on a model , they 'd fire the workers and keep the pensions . Now we ... we liquidate them . A lot less misery , if you ask me . Thank you , Mr. Cargrew , for your honesty . - It 's a pleasure . - Next witness . You may step down . Mr. McCoy , who do you want to call ? Jerry . Objection , your honor . This anthropoid cannot be examined . He is a mere part and chattel of the respondent . That 's what we 're trying to determine . Objection overulled . Okay , Jerry . They want you to talk now . - You know what to do . - And then I get candy ? Then you get dignity . No dignity , boss . Candy . - Candy now , dignity after . - Your honor , objection . The joe can 't take the witness stand because he can 't swear to an oath . - He doesn 't have the understanding . - What do you say to that , Mr. Mccoy ? I say let 's put him on the stand and find out . Proceed with the oath . Raise your right hand . Hello . Do you solemnly swear to tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth , so help you God ... Goddess , Buddha , Allah , Great Spirit , Higher Power , Gaia and the great turtle that supports the universe ? Boss ? Okay , boss . Jerry , my friend , you 're a good worker , huh ? Oh , Jerry a ... good worker . Jerry dig up weed . Jerry no dig up vegetabar . Yeah , yeah , but Jerry good singer , too , aren 't you , Jerry ? Your honor , objection . This line of questioning is irrelevant . Objection overruled . Continue . Jerry , would you sing us your favorite song ? Oh , jinger bez , jinger bez , jinger awrah day Oh , wot fun is to ride in 1-hoss open sray No , th-thank you , Jerry . I want to establish for the court that Jerry likes Christmas music . Now I have another question for you , Jerry . How many fingers am I holding up ? Oh , one , two , sree , four , five . - Six fingers , Jerry . - Oh , five , boss . Six fingers , Jerry . I 'll give you a cigarette . Six for a cigarette . How many for a sigret ? Okay , just stop right there , Jerry . Your honor , could we replay the video of Jerry in the minefield ? - Why ? - Why not ? Run the video . Okay , uh , speed it up to about halfway through . Good . Stop right there . Let 's go back and play that again , only closer on Jerry 's last contact with the other joe . Okay , freeze it ... now . Okay , stop . Now , Jerry , when you went behind the other joe , did you give him a little push so that he would move into what had been your row ? Oh , joe go boom , Jerry- - Jerry get candy . Yes . Joe go boom , Jerry get candy . Jerry , why did you move behind him ? Oh , Jerry , uh ... Jerry see mine . Jerry see mine , and Jerry switch places , and joe go boom and Jerry get candy . Jerry see land mine , and Jerry switched places , and joe go boom and Jerry get candy . Let 's review the facts , my friends . Let 's go over what we 've just seen . One--Jerry likes Christmas Carols . Does that make him a man ? I think it does , but you want more evidence . Two--He wants a cigarette , and he is willing to lie to get one . He is willing to take a bribe to subvert what he knows to be true . Does lying make him human ? I think it does . But you want more evidence ? What about what we just saw on the video ? Three- - Jerry is willing to sacrifice another joe to save his own life . What 's more , he told us about it on the stand . He admitted to something that most of us would be ashamed to admit to . Tell me , please tell me , what could possibly be more human than self-preservation and a callous disregard of others ? You can program a robot to sing a few songs , but does a robot cheat ? No . Does a potato cheat ? No . Jerry is capable of cheating . Can--can I let you in on a little secret ? And--and please , don 't hold this against me . I believe in God . And if God gave life to man , and man gave life to Jerry , then there 's a- - there 's a little ... a little spark of the divine in Jerry , just the same as there 's a little spark of the divine in you , your honors , and you , Mr. Cargrew , and even you , Mr. Pyramus . I am not gonna stand by and turn that little spark of the divine into--into small breed puppy food and--and feed it to a dog . No . Call me old-fashioned , but that 's not me . That little spark of the divine . All those little sparks of the divine- - Wait a minute ! I hold the patent on that ... little spark of the divine ! He 's Human ! Jerry is a man ! Six for a cigarette ! A joe named Jerry wins the day ! Mrs. Van Vogel , now that we can 't kill the workers when they 're no longer useful , we have to feed them and house them . Prices are gonna rise . Stocks are already falling on the news . Controlled Genetics just opened the doors and let all their retired workers out on the street . Are you gonna take care of all of them ? No , just one . I have to say , this is gonna take me some time to get used to . It 's not how I was raised , but daddy always said , " Brownie , morality is like the stock market . " Well , I don 't understand the market , and I don 't understand morality , but I understand you , and you understand me , and meeting you has been the high point of my life . Well , I like you , too , Napoleon . I do . I like you a lot . Why don 't we go to the park tomorrow ? No , no , not the park . I 'll take you to the club . Oh , you 'll like the club . I do . You promised you 'd quit . Sigret . This is your last one , baby . I want you to live forever . Sure , baby . Sigret . What makes us human may one day be defined not by the gifts we possess , but by the virtues we lack .
