 My name is Jane Vasco . I could use you on my team . I work for a secret government agency that hunts Neuros . People who can do dangerous things with their minds . On my first assignment ... something a little weird happened , okay , something really weird . Until I get some answers I 'm getting on with my life , doing my job ... stocking up on aspirin ... because I gotta tell ya , pain 's a bitch ! Well , I guess I 'll see you all in a couple of weeks . Where you headed , Doc ? Medical convention , seminars , training . My usual vacation . Lot of trout running at the seminar , Doc ? - Well , I thought if I had the time ... - You casting or using flies ? I 'm afraid I haven 't perfected the use of flies . Not that I haven 't tried . - Seth , you fish ? - I 've caught a few in my time , yes . - Flies ? - Fish . Why ? Does that surprise you ? Well , you just don 't strike me as the outdoorsy type . Perhaps you don 't know me as well as you think you do . - Perhaps I don 't . - Well , enjoy your time off . That 's my prescription . You all need it . Badly , I might add . Always a barrel of laughs that one . Looking forward to Maui ? Still haven 't told us who you 're going with ? Why do you assume I 'm going with anyone ? Who goes to Maui alone ? Unless , of course , you 're meeting someone there . You 're going to be in St. Thomas with Brian . I don 't think you should be concerned about what I 'm up to . What are you looking at ? Actually , I 'll be at home reading . Got stood up , darlin ' ? No , Brian got handed another assignment . He 's heading off to Houston in the morning . And who goes to St. Thomas alone , right ? Yeah , something like that . I can always use some time to myself , right ? Catch up on my reading , watch some old movies ... Houston . I 'm going to be here the whole two weeks , workin ' on the bike . I could always use a hand , you know , cleaning plugs , applying torque ... Done . Everything 's backed up . I 've got redundant image files stored offsite . Security 's secure . Gentlemen and neighbors , I bid you farewell . I am out of here . Comic book convention ? If only you knew . - Breach ? - No , it couldn 't be ! It 's Simon Connolly . I 'm picking up his ankle bracelet . If you leave we 'll know about it , don 't leave . He 's left the house and is on the move . What do we care , the old bastard 's chipped . Wait , not yet . That chip gun , you put a blank in it . Don 't read too much into it . You take one step off these premises , I will kill you . - Any idea where he 's headed ? - He 's moving too fast to be on foot . We 'll have to triangulate . Connor , you 'll ride with me . You 'll go solo . Don 't lose him , Riley . Let 's roll . Ok , he 's moving out of the city . I 've got him on highway 52 , heading East . Don 't know whether he 'll stick to that or pick up 4 West in another two miles . - I can cover on the West fork . - Yeah , you can . Ok , take the turnoff on 15 and start South . If he does take 4 you can get ahead of him . I will pick him up on 52 if he keeps on course . Jane . He has turned off on 4 West and you 're in point position . Copy that . Andre , you can pick up I-12 and cut over . Five miles ahead . I thought that S.O.B. was dying . Yeah , well , he 's not doing a very good job of it at the moment , is he ? Jane , I 've got him turning off 4 at Seminole road . He 's about a mile in front of you . Seminole road ? What the hell 's down there ? It seems like I suffer from an epidemic of bad timing , interrupted intimate moments with boyfriends . Getting shot 16 times wearing a really cool new dress . Brian 's business trip coinciding with our planned vacation . And now Simon playing hide and seek , just when I was going to get some time off . - Simon ? - Come to make good on your promise ? - You gave me your word . - My word lasts as long as I do . Which , as you can see , won 't be much longer . - You knew we 'd follow you . - I wanted you to . - Where are the others ? - They 're on their way . Then we don 't have much time . There 's something I want to give you . Call it a return favor for what you did for me . What is it you want to give me ? The truth , Jane . Take my hand . He was downstairs all the time , he wasn 't in the elevator . Not when I got to the lobby anyway . It 's Jane , it 's Jane ! Ahhhh ! How do you know these things ? My memory of other people 's experiences is extensive . I 'm offering these to you . Why ? What does it mean ? They will make you join them , Jane . You are part of them now . I don 't understand . Who will make me join them ? Andre ? That already happened . He made me join the team . Simon ! Simon ! PAINKILLER JANE 1x18 " JANE 113 " Subtitles subXpacio and TusSeries - Where are the others ? - They 're on their way . Then we don 't have much time . There 's something I want to give you . Take my hand . From the first time I met Simon , he insisted we shared some kind of bond . I resisted at first , but deep down I sensed he was right . I wasn 't going to let Andre ship his body to Nico to be dissected and studied . I 'd see to it he got a proper burial , especially since he used his last breath to give me those memories , memories that would change my life , again . A dozen deaths traced directly to Vono-tek . He 's on the express elevator . Whatever the hell is going on with me , I really need to know what it is . You are part of them . They will make you join them , Jane . You are part of them now . Simon ! Hey , it 's okay . You 're all right , sweetie ? You had a bad dream ? Yeah , I guess . What time is it ? Almost 7 : 00 . Here , I made some coffee . Wanna tell me about it ? Yeah , it 's too strong , like always . I meant the nightmare . I think it had something to do with ... lying on a hot , sunny beach in St. Thomas ... and then all of a sudden I woke up and I was in Houston . - Blech ! Frightening ! - Ok , I get it . I owe you big time for this , but ... the " apologizing " was definitely worth it . Perfect as always . You know , you could 've come with me . Oh , I don 't know ... White sand , palm trees , virgin islands ... or Texas . I don 't think so . Yeah . Ok , I gotta go , babe . Hey ... just so you 'll know what you 're missing . Yeah , I know . I 'll call you later . Simon told me he wanted to give me " the truth . " Whatever he meant by that , it all seemed to come back to the Emerald City . Letting Andre know about the knowledge Simon gave me , would be admitting I had faked chipped him . And I certainly wasn 't about to involve Brian ... in something that would probably have to bend the rules , and might cause trouble . So my trip to Vono-tek would be a one-woman mission . But then again , I 'm not your average woman . This was my first assignment as part of Andre 's team . The first I ever heard of Neuros . You are part of them now . Report to security on floor 114 . Take the express elevator . I 'm in their climate control system . I 'm monitoring Hyde 's movement through his heat signature . Just landed on the 46th floor . Steve , no ! He 's entering the express elevator now . - You said the lobby , right ? - Yeah . - Hyde was not on the elevator . - He had to be . There was no where else to get off . He 's got to still be in the building . Hyde must be jamming his security tag . Wherever he went , he obviously doesn 't want anyone watching , or the neuro doesn 't . - You 're sure it was Hyde ? - I watched him get on that elevator . It 's an express directly from 114 to the lobby , no stops in between . He was downstairs all the time . He wasn 't in the elevator . Not when it got to the lobby , anyway . Is that even possible ? Hey , I 'm the new one on the team , remember ? I 've still got a lot more questions than answers . Right , so how do you like pushing carts ? Probably about as much as you like cleaning toilets . I 'm having a bowl . - What is it ? - The truth , Jane . I 'm afraid you 'll have to come with us , miss . She had no formal ID , no driver 's license . Claimed she was a reporter working on a story . We 're running her now since you said not to report her to the police . It 's all right . I know who she is . Thank you . My life took a huge turn the day I met Andre McBride and his team . That was the day that Neuro became a regular part of my vocabulary . The Vono-tek case killed two of his agents , and I would have been the third if it hadn 't been for my healing . But the images Simon gave me ... suggests that there might be more to that original case , than just rooting out a neuro . Oh , Stacey ... - Oh , Stacey ... - Oh , yeah ... Riley ? Hey ! What 're you doing here ? I was going to about to ask you the same thing . But I guess I don 't have to . This is Stacey . Andre and Morgan , they were getting nervous that I was the only one ... that knew how to work our system . I guess they figure safety in numbers . Her IQ is in the genius range . She 's almost as smart as I am . Do you have a couple of minutes ? I need to ask you a few questions . Yeah , no problem . I was actually thinking just you . I got it . I 'll just go finish programming the hard drives . Thank you . Riley , I need to know about Vono-tek . - What about ? - Unanswered questions . When we wrapped the case , you were still trying to figure out ... how Hyde disappeared off that express elevator . Yeah , but Andre shut me down . Said the neuro was chipped and shipped . Time to move on . So , what did you find out ? Ok , this is a wire-frame of the Vono-tek tower . Now watch . There 's an anomaly in the overall dimensions of the tower . Which means ? If you go strictly by these plans , it just doesn 't add up . I mean , given the window dimensions and the overall height of the building , this 120 story building is actually 121 . Ok , I 'm not Stacey . Can you explain that to me ? It 's like a leap year . You add a few seconds a day , every day and after four years you have an extra day . In this case , an extra floor . Okay . So according to all the building schematics and elevator plans ... there is no extra floor . Here . Ok . The height difference is most apparent right here . Just below the 114th floor where Hyde got on that elevator . My guess is he probably has a special key card ... that gives him access to the 113th floor . But , technically , there is no 113th floor . Right . So now , you going to tell me why you 're so interested in this ? Do you think you can find out a way for me to get into that building ... and onto that floor ? It was simple . Riley agreed to help me and keep it quiet . Because he knew something was up at Vono-tek . But Andre had shut it down . And if there were two things you can count on , it 's a work call from Andre and Riley 's ego . Okay , it looks like it 's the transformer in the main power vault . The place is locked up pretty tight so you 'll have to use your key cards . Let 's go . Got it . It 's out at the relay . Just give me a second here . That will do it . Riley had given me fairly detailed instructions , the rest was up to me . Hyde . Yes , I know , I didn 't forget . Yes , I 'm leaving now . So how 's the weather in Houston ? Jane ... Put your hands on the steering wheel and don 't move ! Okay . And if you have any doubts whether or not I 'd use this ... Look , if you give me a second , I can explain . If you live long enough , you 'll have to . All right , I 'm listening , but I 'm angry . And my fingers tend to twitch when I 'm lied to . Look , I told you I was going to be in Houston because ... I didn 't want you getting dragged into any of this . - And what is " this ? " - Just , let me back up . The night that we first met , at Club Misery ... An appropriate name , under the circumstances . it wasn 't a happy coincidence . I knew you were gonna be there . I went specifically because I wanted to meet you . - Why ? You didn 't even know me . - No . But I knew about you . Your Vono-tek personnel record was an alias ... and when I tracked it down I found out that you were the woman ... that took a 40 story plunge out a window . And died when I hit the ground . According to most reports . But you didn 't believe that . I might have if the building you had fallen from hadn 't been Vono-tek . Explain that . What the hell is going in there ? Well , that 's what I 'm trying to figure out . That 's ... Look , this could be a lot easier for me to explain ... if you 'd let me show you my research . What is this place ? Ten years ago , Vono-tek began a series of trials . The project code name was " Revolution . " It was for a supervariant of HGH ... the human growth hormone . At first glance , it didn 't seem too remarkable . Pharmaceutical companies run approved tests all the time . - What made this different ? - A few things . The trials were approved by the FDA for a 16-month period . Vono-tek petitioned for a longer period but they didn 't get it . They filed for extensions but ... when the feds reviewed their records , they turned it down ... Vono-tek never pressed for an extension after that . But they did continue the trials without approval . Different project . This one says , " Helios . " Everything that I could dig up , which wasn 't easy , suggests that Helios is an extension of the Revolution project . Al right , so they slipped one past the FDA . I 'm sure it happens all the time . But there is a lot of things about Helios that don 't happen all the time . Colleen Stukey . Eric Craig . Ruben Hennesy . Elyse Collins . Eleanor Morton . Phillip Statler . Simon Connolly . All these people participated in the Helios trials . Some of the people up here are dead . None died of natural causes . Harry Beeman was stabbed to death . Elizabeth Boone was shot in the back of the head . But the vast majority of these people have just gone missing . Simply vanished from the face of the Earth . And then there 's me , the girl who went through the window and lived to tell about it . How did you think I fit into your little story ? I wasn 't sure . But a woman using an alias , surviving a 40-story fall ... Before we met you , my head was full of questions . I don 't recall you asking . That 's because once we met ... we finally started to talk ... any thoughts of you being part of my story ... First rule of reporting , never get personally involved with a story . I didn 't , Jane . I kept telling myself I 'd get around of that . In the process we got closer . - Close enough for you to lie to me . - Only about why I went to the club . I mean , as things progressed , I told myself I 'd leave you out of anything related to Vono-tek . You 're a helluva lot more important to me than a story , Jane . I wish you could believe that . Like I believed you were in Houston ? I 've done everything I can to keep this away from you . I finally managed to work myself into the company 's good graces ... and score a series of interviews with Randall Hyde . They 're scheduled for this week . I need those interviews , Jane . So I had a choice I could ... could lie to you and keep you out of this ... - ... or I could tell you the truth and ... - Ruin everything ? This man , Hyde . He 's not the top dog , is he ? No . Dr. John Roberts is the founder and driving force behind the company . But the man 's a recluse . He doesn 't come out , doesn 't give interviews ... Last I heard , he 's suffering from ALS . He 's confined to a wheelchair and doesn 't have much time . Hyde is his eyes , ears and legs . So , if I wanted to get to Roberts , I 'd have to go through Hyde . I don 't think anybody gets to Roberts . As you 've often said , " I 'm not " anybody . " GO RAMBLERS What is it ? I don 't have a lot of time , but you said it was important . More important than you know . Leave us alone . - Jane , I ... - I 'll contact you . If you think this is the way to get answers , Miss Vasco , you 're wrong . Well , at least you know my name . So no introductions are necessary . It 's your choice , Mr. Hyde . You 'll either talk to me , or end up just like me . You see , miss Vasco ... I already am just like you . Sir , she 's already discovered " the facility . " She actually managed to get her hands on a sample of the formula and a hypodermic . No , she seems to be aware of that . And she 's quite persistent and she 's demanding answers . I think it would be best to avoid any problems . Yes , sir . Right . He said he 'll talk to you . My place or yours ? Jane . You seem surprised to see me . I thought that 's what you requested . I heard you were ill . Wheelchair bound . And I was . May I offer you something ? Answers , that 's all . I think I should be able to provide you with those . - Just like that . - You seem to know most of it . Perhaps if you hear all of it , you 'll be inclined to ... Understand . For years Vono-tek 's been a world leader in cutting edge medications . We 've been the first to provide cures and treatments ... for some of the planet 's most virulent and lethal diseases . That was our goal when I began the company . Having achieved that goal ... I felt that we needed to do more . So you decided to play with human genetics . Experiment . With all the time and research we had put in ... to cure and prevent disease , I believed our efforts would be better served by directing them into improving the species . Improving ? And who decides what defines " improving ? " I don 't believe my standards are that unique . Imagine , people who don 't get sick , people whose immune systems are so developed ... that they can fight off almost anything that attacks them . When was the last time you had a cold ? Go on . If we can improve the human animal , empower its cellular structure to fight disease , to regenerate , to heal ... we 'd no longer have to combat plagues that face us one after another . If you could do that , you 'd put yourself out of business . I have everything I need . My goal now is to provide them with something that 's not just ... stopgap antidotes , but something that will change us forever . By creating genetic freaks . Let me show you something . Genetic research is not unlike pharmaceutical research . Perfecting the product is a result of trial and error . I began my experiments over two decades ago . And , yes , many of the original subjects did turn out to be freaks . But it was all in the name of science . The people you see in this room are alive . Their biological functions have been dialed down , so to speak . They require very little to sustain them . These people are the result of some of my ... mistakes . People you call Neuros . But over the years , I 've come a long way . You and Randall and I are the result of my success . How nice for us . I consider what I 've given you a gift . - Sorry , I never sent a thank you card . - Jane , not only are you immune from most disease , not only do you possess the ability to heal ... but each time your body regenerates itself , your cells actually learn . They get smarter . The longer you live , the stronger you get . - You 've cured death . - No . Not yet , anyway . There seems to be a built-in timer that , despite the variations , tells the cells when it 's time to quit . I 'm working on it . Perhaps it was put there intentionally , by a force that even you can 't overcome . I 'm not playing god , Jane . I 'm just trying to become a useful partner . I 'm doing what I can for these people ... to correct earlier failures , to collect them as you have . Why me ? What did I do to earn the honor to participate in all of this ? You 're young , you 're healthy and you are the newest member of the team . Out of the group , I thought you 'd make the strongest ally . Care to tell me what you 've done with my " people ? " all I care about right now is exposing what you 're doing . I believe most people deserve the chance to worship the god of their choice . You won 't do that . You 're part of us . You are part of them now . Knowing what you turned me into , how do you expect to stop me ? You 're strong , Jane , and getting stronger . But knowing what I created and having learned from others ' mistakes ... You 'd expect I 'd know how to control it . They will make you join them , Jane . Get her ready . You will thank me , Jane . And , for the gift I gave you , you 'll be eternally grateful . Andre spent seven years with special forces . He was recruited by a man named Gerald Morgan to head up special operations . Thank you . To the future . I 'm not that familiar with a lot of the case histories ... prior to my joining the team . I do know they lost one agent shortly before Maureen and I came aboard . You do know about maureen ? I know who she is . Who she was . I 'm sorry . Right now , we 're fairly short on manpower . Connor King , Andre and I are handling the field operations while Riley is ... - Riley Jensen . - Yes . Riley keeps us wired into whatever information we need to have . And then there 's Sseth . Dr. Carpenter ... who for the last year has tried to figure out what I am . And my test subjects , The neuros ... I know you send them off to a place called Nico . Unfortunately , your people have done a good job of keeping its location from being discovered . It 's my understanding when the operation began , they confined the neuros , the people , somewhere here in the States . But as the numbers mounted , they needed to operate with more anonymity , so they relocated Nico to somewhere in Eastern Europe , Hungary , I believe . You 've never been there ? No , it 's mostly a medical and containment facility . There wouldn 't be much there for us to do . Unless a problem developed . It 's a shame . So many of my people . So many " mistakes " I 'd like to correct . Thank you for being so open . I think you see now that people often fear what they don 't understand . I think I always knew that . I 'm sure you did . Oh , there is the matter of your boyfriend , Brian . Yes , he has a lot of information on Vono-tek , the early Helios trials , the missing people . I 'm sure he 'll be anxious to learn what you 've discovered . I 'm sure he will . Good night , Jane , and thank you again . I 've looked forward to this day for a long time . We 'll be in touch . Hey , yeah , it 's me . Of course , I 'm okay . I 've a lot I want to tell you . Yeah . You free for dinner ? My place . Where else ? Didn 't make it to a warm sunny island , pretend to be in Houston , or catch up on my reading . But I did get an insider 's perspective on the inner workings of Vono-tek ... and no matter what , I 'll bet I 'll still have the best story on the team . Of course , some stories are best left untold . Hello , everybody . What 's up Doc ? How was the vacation ? It was quite the informative gathering . Very relaxing . Very pleasant . I know you got a heart in there , Doc . And we 're gonna find it one day . Did you catch anything ? Yes , I had quite a run of good luck . I finally beat Dr. Samuel Cranston . After six years of trying . What exactly did you beat him at ? Or do we want to know ? 5.62 pounds . Wow , really quite an achievement . Quite tasty to eat , I 'd imagine . Oh , no , I didn 't eat him . Well , he 's not moving very much so you couldn 't throw him back . No , I gave him to Dr. Cranston . There 's something about cutting into a fish that just makes me a little queasy . Thank you , good to see you . And you , Jane ? Catch up on your reading ? Yes . It was dull , quiet , completely uneventful ... and just perfect . And Brian ? Let 's just say , I 'm looking forward to my payback for his trip to Houston . Well , kids we undoubtedly have some work to do , so let 's get back to it . Riley ? You 're free for dinner ? My place ... Transcript sw-sub Subtitles subXpacio y TusSeries
