 My name is Jane Vasco . I could use you on my team . I work for a secret government agency that hunts Neuros . People who can do dangerous things with their minds . On my first assignment ... something a little weird happened , okay , something really weird . Until I get some answers I 'm getting on with my life , doing my job ... stocking up on aspirin ... because I gotta tell ya , pain 's a bitch ! Andre ? Sarah . I 'll catch up to you at the meeting . Sure , I 'll see you there . How are you ? You look well . I feel fine . And don 't worry , I haven 't walked through any walls for a long time . You look older . Still handsome , but older . Not wiser ? You were wise when I met you . You always wear that well . If you 're wondering , I don 't blame you for any of this . They 've taken good care of me here . Good , I 'm glad . I 'm sorry . - I 'm keeping you from your meeting . - I do have to go . - Maybe we can talk some other time . - Yes . It 's good seeing you . Where 's the boss ? I thought he was with you . He was . He 's on his way . That 'd give me a few minutes to finish these protocols . I was out sampling the local pub scene last night . I 'll be right back . What do you know about a patient here ... - Whackjob ... Freak of nature ... - Name 's Sarah . Why are you asking ? Andre seemed to know her . - More than know her . - All right , people , we 've got work to do . Let 's get cracking . Where 's Riley ? Let it go . You have those new patient protocols from Dr. Newman yet ? Just waiting for you , boss . Looks like a false alarm , sir . We 're finishing our sweep and should have an all-clear within the next five minutes . We 'll need your approval for the all clear . Please . Security ! How did you ... What do you want ? What do you ... ! The answers to so many questions . PAINKILLER JANE 1x21 " REFLECTIONS " Subtitles subXpacio and TusSeries They say that when you look into a mirror you see only what you want to see . While the image is a literal reflection of whatever 's in front of it , what we see is clouded by our perception . Whether it be of beauty , imperfection , triumph or failure . Our take on what surrounds us ... is only as real as our take on what is inside us . It sheds a whole new light on the phrase , " seeing is believing . " Sarah ? Am I interrupting ? I 'm sorry about running off when we met yesterday . I understand , you 're working here . You knew I was here ? Everyone knows you 're here , Andre . Things are a lot better ... because of the changes you and your people have made . But that 's no surprise . I can 't claim that I offered you a better life . But you did , Andre ... I was doing things I shouldn 't have been doing . You were doing your job . I always knew something was wrong with me , but I was willing to use it . Ever since you ... Ever since you chipped me and sent me here ... Believe it or not , life is a lot more normal than it had been . You don 't miss your freedom ? But I don 't miss the life I was living , the things I was doing . Freedom means different things to different people . ... and bizarre murder has taken place at offices at the national security agency . Boris Czmerick , a senior officer for the agency was found dead ... Oh , dear god . ... his heart removed from his body . I 've seen that man in a dream . ... no suspect or motive for this brutal crime . But it was only a dream . A horrible nightmare . It 's all right . Andre , I have been in that room , I have seen that man ! That 's impossible . You just said it was a nightmare . You probably just saw him on TV before or read about it in the papers . No , something happened in that room ! Something awful ! You have to make it stop , Andre ! Please , make it stop ! You have to tell someone , please ! Oh , god , someone help me ! I 'll need a full scan , MRI , cross-sections , CTI , everything . - Laterals ? - Might as well . Keep her well-sedated . I want the results as soon as you have them . What have you got ? Not much more than you know , boss . The guy was high up the food chain at ENSA . No sign of forced entry , and even though an alarm was triggered ... no one saw a thing , not even the cameras . Whoever got to him didn 't use the front door , that 's for sure . Just keep digging , Riley . I 'm sure somewhere , someone found something . - Okay , boss , I 'll do my best . - Thank you . - Talk to me . - She 's stabilized . We 're running a full battery of tests . And the chip ? It 's in place and appears to be functioning normally . Well , then it 's impossible that she did what she said she did . I 've worked here long enough to never say " never , " agent McBride . I 'll keep you posted . We 've got another problem at customs . The last shipment of medication wasn 't properly labeled . They say you have to go down and sign for it personally or they won 't release it . Is there anything else anybody needs me to do ? - No , doctor . I was just told to ... - Thanks , I 've got it . Wanna talk about it ? There 's nothing to talk about . Please , you can pull that B.S. on Vasco , but not me . You have something to say to me , agent King , spit it out . She 's a woman . Chip or no chip , twisted DNA or not , they 're all a little freaky . But most of all , they have a way of making us freaky . Are you suggesting that I 'm letting my personal feelings get involved ? I 'm just sayin ' , be careful and stay on your game . We got a corpse in town , no idea how the perp got in . She 's saying , " I did it , I did it ! " And we both know she has the talent to have done it . And is there any indication that she or anyone else left the perimeter last night ? No , what the lady 's capable of ... This is not a guessing game , agent King ! At present , there 's no reason to suspect that Sarah Rogers had either ... the capability , or the opportunity to commit that crime . Have I made myself clear ! Crystal . Hey , doc , how are ya ' ? I 'm sorry about this . - I just need to sign it and get back . - Here ya go . Great . - I 'll bring the pallet from the back . - Thanks . This is Dr. Thomas . Could you put me through to radiology , please ? Hello , doctor . How the hell did you ... ? What 've we got ? One of our doctors , Dr. Thomas , went missing a couple hours ago . He was last scene at customs , picking up medical supplies . - Did you do a head count ? - First thing we did . And all patients are accounted for . All right , hold on . I think I might have something . Just pulled this off the security cameras at the customs office . It 's a little bit grainy , but ... What are we looking at ? You 've reviewed all the footage ? She was taken to recovery after her tests . There is no camera in that room but , like the last time , there is ... no images or records of anyone leaving the premises besides Dr. Thomas . Even if she did walk through the wall , she couldn 't be in two places at once . I understand , sir . I 'm just telling you what we know . What about blind spots in the system ? Like I said , not every room is covered ... but there are no blind spots along any part of the perimeter . - Did she say anything ? - She 's pretty shaken . Keeps talking about doing these things in her dreams . - And what do you think ? - Right now ? I don 't . Can I talk to her ? She 's groggy from the medication . I 'm not sure what you 'll get from her . Sarah . Go away , please . Tell me about your dreams . - I don 't want to talk about them . - You have to . We need to understand what 's going on . I 've had them for years . Ever since I was a child . You saw yourself hurting people ? Not always . Sometimes . It 's hard to explain . It 's as if I could see myself from the outside ... and watch what I was doing . But the feeling was always the same . As if I were searching for something . Searching for what ? I don 't know . As if part of me was missing . - I told you it was hard to explain . - That 's all right , go on . The dreams stopped for a while after you sent here . Though they never really frightened me , I felt relieved that they were gone . When did they start again ? I don 't know . A few months ago . And then the other night when I murdered that man ... When you dreamt that you murdered that man ... And last night , again . I tortured someone . A man . He begged me to stop . And I wanted to make it stop but I couldn 't . Did you recognize the man ? No , he was so far away . I could tell he was dressed in white . I think he might have been a ... I don 't know . - Like a doctor ? - Yes . Did something happen ? Was someone else hurt ? That 's what we 're trying to find out . Now , listen to me ... I need you to tell me everything you can about that dream . Faces , places , anything you can remember . It 's all so vague . I saw him ... His white coat , anyway . And trees . Lots of trees . And a fountain , maybe ... Somewhere , I heard the sound of running water . I can 't remember any more . That 's all right . Tell me what happened . You get some rest , okay ? I 'll try and visit you as soon as I can , okay ? Andre ? Maybe it would have been better if you 'd killed me when you had the chance . What do you think ? You get any of the test results ? They all came back negative or inconclusive . There 's still nothing to indicate that the chip is malfunctioning . I want her isolated . I want her sedated , and I mean paralyzed . I want her physiological and mental activity monitored twenty-four-seven . Post guards . No one goes in or out without my authorization . Already in place . The location she mentioned . Trees maybe ... a fountain . Are there any ... In this part of the world , a few dozen , maybe . Riley 's going to need a starting point . If she 's right , maybe we could find this Dr. Thomas . This is the last location I picked up from the cell phone . Signal went dead after that . Clear . You hear that ? Sound of running water . We 're close . - All right , let 's go . - Let 's roll people . Whoa ! Stay by the car ! I 'll stay by the car . Over here ! I 've got a " last dialed , " don 't know what it means . You can run it when we get back . Get him out of here . Look , you told me to back off on Andre 's history with Sarah and I did . But given the current circumstances that information ... has now fallen into the need-to-know category , I need to know . Let 's walk . About three years ago we were on the trail of a chip-job that had been stealing ... drugs and pricey medical gear from a major hospital . We assumed the drugs were being stolen and sold on the street . But we had no idea how they were getting in or out of secured areas . We figured it was an inside job so we started interviewing people . Sarah happened to be one of the first . She worked in the laundry room in the hospital . Seemed like a good kid , honest , hard-working . Time went on , we thought we had our Neuro pinned as an orderly . Real bad guy . Criminal record longer than mine . Usual procedure . I caught up with him after one night of drinking . Swiped a bit of DNA for the doc but we figured the point was moot . I mean , all evidence pointed towards this guy . Anyway by that time , Andre had gotten pretty cozy with Sarah . First time I 'd ever seen that happen , but why the hell not ? She was bright , kind , innocent . Everything we weren 't used to . To the boss , probably felt like a breath of fresh air . Things got ugly though , when our prime suspect tested Neuro negative . Riley 's busy running possibles with his usual enthusiasm ... when he finds out that Sarah 's mother is sick , very sick . Whatever she had , she probably wasn 't going to pull through . There were treatments ... but they cost a lot of coin which Sarah didn 't have . It wasn 't easy for the boy wonder to tell the boss what he 'd found . None the less , I thought we 'd run straight away on it . We didn 't . He put a nix on it . Said it was something that could wait . Guess it was something he wanted to take care of himself . Andre ? The kid was just trying to lift enough medicine to help her mother . After they shipped Sarah off , Andre made arrangements for her mother to receive treatment . Why not ? She deserved it as much as people with money . But eventually she fell through the cracks , got lost in the system . First time I ever saw the boss doubt what we were doing . He came this close to walking . I don 't know what to say . You aren 't going to say anything . I only told you this because I don 't know if I could trust his judgment right now ... and I need you to back me up . Other than that , darlin ' , this conversation never happened . Oh , my god ! What have they done to you ? It 's taken me so long , but after all these years ... I 've finally found you , my beautiful sister . We 've looked at this in every possible way , Sarah was under complete lockdown and monitored ... at the very time of Dr. Thomas ' murder . Yes . There were no marked changes in her physiology . EEG , GSR , heart rate , respiration , are all within the norms . The data doesn 't lie , doctor . And the video that Riley obtained ... the images from the customs office , are they lying ? - That was Sarah . - Or someone who looked like Sarah . Now , what about Baumgartner ? He could easily have taken her form . The facility is secure , Andre . You 've seen to that . Baumgartner 's a shape shifter but he can 't walk through walls . And Sarah can 't be in two places at once . I have made my decision . I want Sarah taken out of lockdown . Discontinue the sedation . - Don 't you think that you might be ... ? - Might be in charge around here ? Good . I 'm glad we understand one another . Just before my mother died , she told me I was adopted . She told me about you , my twin sister . How we were separated . Why we were separated . And then all began to make sense . The dreams ... You 've had them , too ? As if you were looking for something ? Not something , Sarah , someone . A part of me I always knew was missing . But not anymore . We 're special , in so many ways . But then those dreams ... That man ... Abby , you killed that man ! And Dr. Thomas ! He was the man in white , wasn 't he ? You murdered them ! - No . - I saw it ! I thought I had done it . Sarah , when my mother finally passed , I knew I had to find you . No matter how hard or how long is gonna take . When I finally managed to track you down ... it was as if you 'd vanished off the face of the Earth . I had come so close to finding you and you were gone . It took me another four years to find out that they 'd sent you here . No one knows about this place . I know a great deal about this place . I know what they did to you . The man that did it to you . What they do here . You and I are different . We can go places and see things others can 't . This is a bad place , Sarah . I 've come to take you home . But Dr. Thomas ... He never hurt anyone . That 's right . Dr. Thomas was a good man . The more I looked into this place , the more I understood just how vile and cruel it was . A place where people like you , good people , are locked away because they fear what they don 't understand . Dr. Thomas knew that . And there were others . I tried to meet with them . They promised to help me get to you . It wasn 't me , Sarah . Their people got to them first . That man , McBride ... Andre ? He wouldn 't murder anyone . He would if it meant keeping this place a secret , silencing the people who 'd want to expose it . The most important thing right now is to get you out of here . Getting in , I 'm afraid , is a lot easier than getting out . They watch us closely . That 's why I need you to stay here in case someone comes in and checks on you . I 'll see if I can find a way out . Soon . Sarah ... I need to talk to you . I apologize for the way you 've been treated , but I had to be sure . And now you are ? I know you . I know what you 're capable of , and what you 're not . When I first met you , despite your power , all you wanted to do is help your mother . But that 's why you put me here . - Yes , because of ... - What I am . What I can do . Sarah , until very recently , I had no idea what was going on at this place . - I 'm trying to make it better . - A better prison . A better place to learn about you and people like you . - We need to understand ... - What you fear . Maybe . But if it had been up to me ... things might have turned out differently . But it was up to you , Andre . We all have a choice . All right ... You are not the first person to suggest that all of this is all wrong . - Having a change of heart ? - No . I don 't see the world as black and white , despite what you think . And I don 't necessarily fear what I don 't understand . Not everyone here is like you . There are people that possess great power and they use it for personal gain , at the expense of others . But you just said , I 'm not like the others . Yes . And yet you used your power to take away mine and lock me up here . Maybe the only people that should be locked up here , are people who misused their power . Maybe the wrong people are behind these walls , agent McBride . The main exits are too well guarded . The only way out is through the outer wall . The problem is they are too thick . Too thick to go through alone . But if we tried together , combined , maybe we could ... They took away my power , Abby . Even if we could do what you say ... The chip can be removed . It 's a simple electrical device , that lodges itself in the cranial cortex . What goes in , can come out . Lean forward . You know I would never hurt you . - I think we should talk about this . - There 's nothing to say . Nothing , or too much ? Don 't you think I know how you feel ? I not sure I care at this moment , Jane . I 've just looked in on Sarah . They 've discontinued the sedation and she 'll be released shortly . - What are you talking about ? - Just what I said . As soon as the medication 's sufficiently worn off , she 'll be released . When did you see her ? I just left her a few minutes ago . So did I. This is McBride , security breach , code red . Go ! I want this place on full lock-down ! Now ! Emergency lockdown on all doors ! Yes ! Damn . This is McBride . Detainee escape , Sarah Rogers . Possible breach of outer perimeter . I want checkpoints set up on all roads out , establish a search grid assuming a ten minute head start , monitor all choke points . Approach target with extreme caution . We have to try this . Concentrate . Feel me . We have to do this together . Have you ever felt anything like it ? - Come on let 's go ! - No ! Boss I 've got a hit . One of the trucks from the motor-pool is on the move . Got a good solid signal on the tracking device . How do you want to play this ? Chipping her sure as hell isn 't going to do anything . Hey , I make that call . She 's a Neuro boss , she 's already killed two people that we know of . - I make that call . - There 's no other alternative . Damn it , Connor , enough ! You know what ? He 's right . We can 't risk losing any more lives . You 've told me a hundred times that we can 't let personal feelings ... interfere with the work . We have a job to do . This is delta-six-zero . I 've got a visual on the target vehicle . Going to make a stop . Let 's roll . Keep out of sight . Stay where you are ! I am authorized to shoot ! Stay where you are ! I don 't want to shoot you ! Come on , let 's go ! Signal 's stationary . Should be directly in front of you . Still think we should chip her ? Get to high ground , she can 't be far . And Connor , don 't you dare shoot without my order ! Copy that . Go ! I 've got eyes on target . In the church , just south of your position . Take the back and flush her towards me . Maybe you should flush her toward me . You 've seen what she can do . How about I give the orders around here , Vasco . Get moving ! - We have to keep moving . - No . Sarah , listen to me ... You killed that man out there . I saw you . Just like you killed the others . Do you realize what I went through to find you ? We have a gift . Can 't you imagine the possibilities ? You saw the strength that we have , we were meant to be together . - You and I are the same . - We are not the same . I am not going with you . Fine . I 'm in . No sign of her yet . I 'm heading for higher ground . Copy that . Connor keep your eyes open . I don 't want her walking out here behind us . Copy that . She not going anywhere , boss . Hello . I see her , west side of the building . I 've got a clear shot . Boss , I 've got a clear shot . Take it . Status ? It was a hit . Lost visual . Vasco , are we clear ? I 've got a body down . Doorway to the west . Copy that . Connor , call in with our location , I want an ambulance in here on the double . - I 'm on it . - I 'm going in . Jane , report . Vasco ! Connor , get in here and give me back up . Andre ? Sarah ... It 's not worth it , Sarah ! You were right . We weren 't meant to be together . Not a good time , Connor . Yeah , we don 't get a lot of those , do we ? I guess what I 'm trying to say is that ... I know how you feel . Thank you . Sometimes I think this chick is tougher than both of us . I 've been looking all over for you guys . - Am I interrupting ? - No , I was just telling the boss how Denver 's D line ... is going to shut down Oakland 's passing game . Oh , yeah , he thinks that their D.B. ' s have lost ... a step or two during the regular season , Oakland is going to find a way to take a deep . - Really ? - Yeah . That 's what I say to that . I mean , Denver 's running game is going to eat up the clock ... there 's no way they 're losing this one ... All right , well , as truly fascinating as I do find this , I think I 'm gonna go help Riley sample the local pub scene . Our actions , how we handle ourselves , how we react to the uncontrollable , unforeseen forces around us , is the closest we have to a true window on the soul . Actions reflect who we are , more than words , confidential files , or video footage ever will . You can hide from what you do , or you can be proud of it , but you can 't deny that it 's a gauge of who you are . Andre gave us a glimpse through his window , And if you ask me , in this case , seeing is believing .
