 I 'm going blind David . I 'm sorry . It 's not gonna happen , Bob . It 's alright . I can make it work . I can 't . The FBI received an anonymous call . Something about ... - a smiley face you might 've received . - Something like this ? - It 's smallpox . - Smallpox was eradicated in 1980 . But here 's the thing : it 's synthetic . That G should be an A. What about anthrax and glanders ? Do they think they 're related ? Hard to imagine they 're not . Vaccine ? Are we making it ? - Yes . - Rachel 's son , Craig . - Just visiting ? - Actually , in transit . Algonquin Park . I 'm studying some aggressive bear behaviour up there . - Craig . - I don 't want to talk . - You two should try to work this out . - Wanna have dinner ? Just you and me ? What do you want , Carl ? I want you to sign those papers . So someone can just build smallpox . Any university lab would do it . So how do we go about finding this guy ? We don 't have to . He 's found us . " Time to go public . " - Any luck with the trace yet ? - Nothing . But I have a feeling we 're getting really close . Locking onto the geoposition of that cell . It 's about time . He 's in the US . East coast . Manhattan . 42nd and Lexington . - Grand Central Station . - I 'll alert Homeland and FBI . What are you reading ? Getting stronger . We got it . ReGenesis 3x09 Let it Burn Subtitles Team NorBAC Synchro Bbsiocnarf , Linwelin Version NoTag 1.0 They disarmed it . - Thank God for that . - There are samples on route . - This doesn 't make any sense . - What 's that ? The guy 's smart enough to create smallpox from scratch . He 's clever enough to plant the smallpox bomb in Grand Central Station without getting caught . But then he sends a message to me that practically tells us where to find it . He wanted us to find it . Just like he wanted us to find the mistake in the code . - Why would he do that ? - I don 't know . Whatever this guy 's up to , he 's not finished yet though . Rachel . - That the smallpox from New York ? - Yeah . I 'm gonna run a 4-5-4 genomic analysis and DNA chips , too . Error rate . Yeah , it 's higher , but I figured speed was the thing here ... What about the infectivity of the sample sent to me ? The vero cells we infected are still healthy . We 'll know later tonight just how deadly it is . Keep me posted . Great . Thanks . - What are you doing here ? - I was leaving you a note . I don 't like to be investigated . If you want to see the state of my financial affairs , my lawyer will provide whatever he feels is necessary to reach a settlement . - Ah . - Yeah , thanks . So , wh ... What if I want the truth ? Have your lawyer call mine . Sorry . Okay . We have an outbreak of glanders and anthrax on the west coast , and then along comes our guy with his homemade smallpox on the east coast . Are they connected ? I 'm not so sure anymore . Why ? Out west , you 've got this crudely weaponized anthrax and back east state-of the-art science . David 's right . To synthesize smallpox , you 'd have to be brilliant . Now , let 's look at intent . The anthrax and the glanders were released in the middle of nowhere . Using a forest fire to spread the crud around . Just random bio-terrorism . Our smallpox guy , big game hunter : very specific , midtown Manhattan . You 're trying to tell me that these are simultaneous and unrelated threats ? From now on , we 're looking at two separate incidents . Mayko , you 're with Rachel on the smallpox . We need to find out who this guy is . Bob ... you 're with me on the fire . Two new cases of anthrax , one of glanders . - But we have a more serious problem . - Why ? What 's going on ? The winds have really begun to pick up here . It 's turning into a rank 6 crown fire . - Meaning ? - Meaning that the fire is literally rolling across the top of the forest . Now they 're back-burning dumping fire retardants , but it looks highly probable that we 're going to be evacuated . These winds ... They part of that storm you guys were tracking ? I 'm sending you the latest projections from Environment Canada . See , the storm centre is just north of the Queen Charlotte Islands . - Is it coming ashore ? - Just a matter of time . And when it does , it 's going to push the smoke south down the coast . Now you see the actual pattern there . Cyclonic . Winds out of the north and heading back to the west . If the whole system 's tracking south ... A whole storm cloud of pathogens is gonna hit Vancouver . Population of 2 million , David . - Evacuation plans ? - Yes , they 're underway . I 've been working on procedures to kill the glanders bacteria with sulfadiazine . But I 'd better recalculate based on this projection . - Can you send me the link ? - Yeah , absolutely . David ? I 've got some stuff to show you . Work up projections based on these weather models . Best case , worst case scenarios . - Okay . - Okay , so I am swapping data with the FBI , CSIS and Interpol . We are trying to find our guy through the suppliers . - That could take months , Mayko . - Exactly . While they 're taking the long route , I 'm trying to jump-start this thing . Here 's a couple filters I want to run by you . What are you thinking ? We 're looking at 438 suppliers worldwide for customized DNA . We know he orders small pieces . I 'm thinking maybe 75 bases . That 's about 2500 orders - to build the entire smallpox virus . - Okay . The first assumption is : this smallpox guy , he 'd wanna get lost in the shuffle . Right ? So he 'd spread his orders around to avoid detection . Second assumption : He 'd wanna lose himself in the sheer volume of orders , so he 's gonna go with big suppliers . I 'm cutting this down to the hundred biggest supply houses . So our guy is doing business with these companies . Right . And then the next filter . He 'd need a level 3 containment facility to safely replicate the smallpox . There . Good work . As soon as you get this list , run it by Rachel . She knows this world better than any of us . Oh , and one more filter . I want you to focus on American researchers . Why ? Apart from the World Trade Center bombing , almost every major act of domestic terrorism on U. S. soil was perpetrated by American citizens . What ? Doctor Sandström , it 's Robbie McCain . Who ? Robbie McCain . We met in Utah . - You with the ATF ? - At Greenway . My wife , Leslie , was one of the scientists killed in the explosion . Oh , right , of course , Robbie . Um , how you doing ? I 'm in Toronto . I 'd like to see you . - David , I just heard ... - That 'd be great , Robbie , but we 're all sort of on a full boil around here right now . It 's about the explosion at Greenway . I think I have something - you 'll find very interesting . - What do you mean ? I don 't want to tell you over the phone . Okay , why don 't you come by the lab tomorrow ? Thank you . - Something about Greenway . - Really ? What 's up ? I did historical research into our glanders problem . Specifically , the outbreak that happened 60 years ago . Nice of you to show some initiative . - I think I might have found something . - Hang on . We 'd have the story on the NY smallpox in a few hours . In the meantime , - the test result on the anthrax strain . - And ? Asian ! Yeah , it 's a 1939 strain identified in Manchuria by a Dr. Ogawa . Dr. Ogawa of Unit 7-31 ? That 's him . Unit 7-31 ? He was part of the Japanese army 's biological weapons division . I did my doctoral thesis on wartime Japanese Intelligence in the Pacific theatre . So how does somebody get their hands on WW2-era anthrax ? Chinese army , maybe ? - Well , it could be from 1939 . - An old Japanese military stockpile ? That might square with what I found . Mayko 's working up a list of potential smallpox suspects . Have a look at that while you 're waiting for the results . Oh , hey , perfect . Okay . So these are American researchers who ordered the DNA sequences that you 'd need to synthesize the smallpox . They had experience and lab facilities to pull this off . - How many candidates ? - 974 . I 'll take a look , see if anything pops out at me . I 'll forward it to a few colleagues , - see if they have any thoughts . - Okay . Mayko 's working up a list of potential smallpox suspects . Have a look at that while you 're waiting for the results . I heard about this laser therapy for use on glaucoma patients . I thought it might work with Bob . The procedure 's pretty routine these days . You take a laser , you drill these tiny holes in the retina - to release the interocular pressure . - Would it work ? The glaucoma maybe , but it 's not gonna correct the damage to the optic nerve . - So how do that ? - That 's the billion dollar question . Whaddya got for me ? The last glanders outbreak in North America - happened in 1945 . - Tell me something I don 't know . You know this is weird . Come take a look at this . This is where the current outbreak is occurring . This is where the 1945 outbreak occurred . It 's 20km south of the current outbreak . That 's too close to be a coincidence . Somehow , World War II-era Japanese glanders and anthrax ended up in BC ? - I guess . - How ? I 'm not sure , but there is one interesting fact . There was also a fire connected to the 1945 outbreak . - Just glanders alright , no anthrax ? - Just glanders . Keep digging . But hurry , that storm 's closing in . Bob . Where are you at with the sulfadiazine ? I finished my algorithm . Assuming Burkholderia mallei is at 10 parts per million on the ground . Nice kill curves . There are several problems . If the fire advances on a 10km front , we would need over 200 water tankers around the clock to kill the glanders . - Can we do it ? - Unlikely and even if we could , - flying would be challenging . - To say the least . Bigger problem is that the antibiotics only kill bacteria when they 're growing . They wouldn 't be growing when they 're airborne . - Should 've caught that before . - I missed it , too , Bob . - Are you humouring me ? - Absolutely not . You cast a wide net . That 's why you 're here . Sometimes it works , sometimes not . This time , you 've gotta make it work . Looks like our smallpox guy finally has something to say to us . Wes ! Get Riddlemeyer back in here , ASAP ! Hey , David . Here 's the analysis of the New York smallpox . - Same as the one that was sent to you . - Same mistake in the code ? Exactly . And we 've got the test results on the virulence . Healthy vero cells . The guy designed a benign virus . - He must have known he was doing it . - Why would he do it ? To show it could be done . He 's here . - Right there . - Wait before you take off , here 's my list of who might have engineered it . Rachel 's looked it over . I 'll send it on to FBI . - CSIS and Interpol already have it . - Good work , guys . Censor the net ? Bit late in the day , don 't you think ? Well , our smallpox guy wants the international scientific community to appoint a panel of Nobel prize winners to remove all dangerous scientific information from the Internet , or he will release smallpox in cities all across the U.S. Demand the impossible , threaten the unthinkable . Sounds like an ideological fanatic . Well , he has a point . You 're agreeing with him ? He managed to synthesize one of the deadliest killers this planet 's ever seen from stuff he got from Internet . What does this maniac want ? He wants us to know how fucked we are . He 's sending his manifesto to the Times and the Post . They won 't publish anything until they talk to us . You know , maybe we should just publish it . I beg your pardon . Not publishing it is just gonna make this guy very upset and then who knows what he 'll do . The United States government is not gonna give in to terrorist demands . This guy 's not a terrorist . This has been a big show , alright ? It 's a stunt to lead us to censorthenet.org. And what are you basing this on ? The guy builds a strain of smallpox with a deliberate error in it that leads us to the Internet . Then he plants a bomb and he leads us directly to that . He wanted it found . He 's playing God ? Show us what he 's capable of . He could have released it without telling anyone . You 're actually supporting his position . I 'm not taking any position . I 'm just ... What I 'm saying is that , at heart , I think whoever is behind this he 's a person of conscience , not a mass murderer . What do you think he 'll do next to prove his point ? Let loose the real thing ? I don 't know . I know you think this guy 's harmless . But that 's not your decision to make . Nor mine . I 'm kicking this thing upstairs , to the Joint Task Force on Terrorism . Okay . That 's not possible . I can 't drive down now . Look , if you can 't locate him by tomorrow , give me a call . I 'll see what I can do . She okay ? Thanks . Problems ? My idiot brother has vanished again and my niece is stranded . I thought he found Jesus . Clearly . What do you got ? Okay . So I dug a little bit further into Unit 7-31 . During the war Japan invades China . They set up Unit 7-31 in Manchuria . Now get this : officially , it is known as the Kempeitai Political Department and Epidemic Prevention Research Laboratory . It was really top secret . Supposedly , it was a water purification plant . Turns out they were experimenting on more than just glanders and anthrax . They were doing research on bubonic plague , typhoid , cholera , tuberculosis , songo fever . Who 's who of germ warfare . They started to do experiments and tests on POWs and the civilian Chinese population . They would tie a person to a stake and test a germ bomb on them . They were infecting women and children , then performing live vivisections to see how those diseases were progressing . - Jesus . - There are estimates that upwards of 200 000 people were killed . Here 's the kicker . The U.S. government granted immunity to all those Japanese scientists - in exchange for their research . - Well , of course they would . I mean , that 's very hard research to come by . - Yeah , exactly . - Fucking humanity . So how does this tie into BC ? Take a look at this . What is that ? This is a Fugo balloon . In the final days of the war , the Japanese launched these as a last-ditch strike against the United States . They would load this platform with a bomb . Let me guess , sometimes that bomb contained biological agents like anthrax and glanders . They were launching up to 500 a day into the jet stream hoping it would cross the Pacific , detonate over North America and spread a plague . Those Japanese were real cutting-edge . It was a total fucking failure . A few people died in Oregon . Most of them just crashed into Pacific or floated into never-never land . A release of these Fugos drifted across the Pacific Ocean - and landed on our mountainside ? - Yeah . 60 years later , there 's a forest fire , they detonate , and the pathogens are finally released . So it was a bio-terror attack . Only it was launched 60 years ago . There could be ... hundreds of these things . Get Carlos on the line . Bob , you got that data for dispersing the sulfadiazine ? - Yes . - Grab it and get in here . Hey , how 's it going out there ? The more important question is how is everything going there ? We think we 've got something . Bring up the topographic map . Wes thinks we may be dealing with some leftover Japanese bio-weapons carried over by Fugo balloons . What ? They 're weaponized balloons the Japanese sent up in a hail-Mary attempt at the end of WWII . It 's a long story . Just go with it . I think he 's right . These are the most recent outbreaks and the current position of the fire . Outbreak from 1945 was here , 20 Ks to the south . Where did the fire in 1945 start ? Almost exactly where the outbreak occurred . Now fire spreads south . But this was the only outbreak . So imagine Fugo launch of 1945 . They float across the Pacific Ocean , they get to BC , they get hit by some kind of storm , and they all come down roughly in this area . So the current outbreak could be the northernmost Fugos . And the 20km of unburnt forest in between could be hiding God knows how many unexploded bio-weapons . David , we will never find them in time . I know . We don 't have to . Bob ! Bob ? Here 's the data . Bob , remind me again . The storm is cyclonic , right ? Winds are blowing down from north and then moving west ? We load up these planes with an accelerant . Napalm , if we have to . We burn the entire chunk of land . Whoa , David . You have 200 square kilometres with a potential lethal pathogen . What about Vancouver ? No . We time it . We do the burn right when the weather front moves over . The winds pick up any pathogens released and carry them out over the Pacific . They 'll be dispersed before they hit Vancouver . What 's the population between the fire and the ocean ? Fairrly sparse . We could do an evacuation . We 'd have to get on it right now . Okay , so we 're looking at a 200 million-square metre burn area , with an efficiency of 2300 square metres per 625 litre drum of napalm ... Can it be done , Bob ? We need 1811 sorties or thereabouts . Oh , but if we let the fire itself do the bulk of the work , then ... Yes . It 's our only shot . Call Riddlemeyer . Have him to scramble the US and Canadian Air Forces . I 'm on it . I 'll get started on the evacuation . Bob . Good work . - You too . - Go home and get some sleep . Thanks . Bob , what are you doing still here ? - Thinking . - About what ? The most famous blind botanist was George Eberhard Rumphius . He went blind in 1670 , but he kept working on his 6-volume catalogue of all the plants in Indonesia . Then , his wife and child were killed in an earthquake and the ship carrying his manuscript to the Netherlands was attacked and sunk by the French . So he had to start all over again . Okay , that 's awful . His masterpiece wasn 't published until 39 years after his death . - Bob , that 's a horrible story . - Actually , it 's reassuring . Things work out . We just have to be patient . David , I 've been told the target area has been cleared . So where are we at ? Bombers are taking off from Fairchild Air Force Base in Washington , CFB Comox and Elmendorf in Alaska . - And the storm ? - Proceeding as our model suggested . We have a pretty tight 3-hour window , but it can happen . Okay . So we do it ? - Do it . - Right . Dr. Sandström ? Robbie McCain . Robbie . I really appreciate ... Thanks for taking the time . No , I 'm glad you caught me . I gotta admit , I completely forgot . I hear you 're looking for someone . I think I can help . Yeah , why don 't you ... why don 't you sign in ? Since Leslie died , I 've been kind of fixated on Auflander Docheimer . As far as I 'm concerned they killed her . Secret research projects , no control , no peer review . No wonder bad shit happened . You said over the phone you wanted to talk about Greenway . Greenway 's just the tip of the iceberg . Secret lab in India . They 're supposed to be researching environmentally friendly pesticides . They release methyl osocyanate into the atmosphere . 400 innocent people die . Norway . They claim they 're working on clean nuclear fuels . They release radioactive isotopes into the fjord Poison an entire population of wild salmon . This is science out of control , Dr. Sandström . Robbie , you said you knew who I was looking for . Who is it ? He 's a man like yourself . Who cares about the fate of mankind . He got concerned when he was working at DARPA . Did he voice his concerns ? He told DARPA something had to be done . Dangerous science , everywhere . And he was right . I mean , you want to build yourself a nuclear bomb , a deadly virus , it 's all right there on the Internet . - How did DARPA respond ? - They didn 't . So he thought he 'd just go out and do a little pilot project , right ? Fabricate smallpox from a recipe freely found on Internet . A harmless strain . You didn 't want to hurt anybody ? I was making a point . I wanted to get the world 's attention . Spark an international debate about the fact that science is totally out of control . It didn 't work . Not a word in the press . Thousands of people out there could make a bug that 'd decimate the human race . And they may not be as benevolent as me . I don 't disagree with you . But I also think that scientists need a free flow of information . Censorship isn 't the answer . You 're an idealist , Dr. Sandström . In your world , science is benevolent . Companies are ethical . That 's not the real world . Not anymore . I don 't think science is benevolent . I think it 's benign . It 's for discovery , that 's it , okay ? The problem is in application . And I don 't think corporations are ethical , but I do think people can be . Is there any more smallpox out there ? No . Okay . I want your help . I want to be arrested and tried . But the real trial , see , will be the state of science . Kinda like a Scopes Monkey Trial for the ages . It 'll put this whole issue on the front page . I 'm afraid not , Robbie . The FBI shortlist of all the scientists they think could have made the smallpox . Homeland Security nails you , you 'll be declared an enemy of the state . And if that happens , there 's not gonna be a trial , ever . You 'll go straight to Git 'mo or some black camp in the Balkans for an indefinite stay . I 'm gonna give you a chance to step back from the brink , okay ? I 'll write an op-ed piece for The Times , outline your " pilot project " and explain what you , what this unknown person wanted to say to the world . I know it 's spit in the wind but I 'll do it . That 's it , then ? Well , I could pick up the phone and have you arrested , if you like . Do what you have to do . I 'm just the messenger . How you doin ' ? Thanks . Guy gets gunned down in cold blood in front of my office , and I 'm not allowed to talk to the detectives ? - It 's a question of national security . - The guy was executed ! - Who gave the order ? - No one . Those agents made a split-second decision . - Bullshit ! - Bullshit . We wanted him alive as much as anyone . Was he a lone gunman ? Was he working with anyone else ? - We don 't know if he had more smallpox . - He told me he didn 't . And that 's it ? That 's your proof ? We didn 't want that man dead . We 've just lost an important asset . - Asset ? Asset ! That guy created smallpox . You don 't realize how incredible that is , but that man was a fucking genius . - How 'd they even know he was here ? - He was your contact , so we 've had agents sitting on you from the beginning . - For your own protection , I might add . - No ... they confronted him after he met me . You were already in the meeting , and we were working on a short list of suspects that your people provided . And once that info was downloaded , the FBI software made the match . If the match was made before that , if we 'd made it earlier , he would have been apprehended in your office . You mean he would have been shot in my office ! Listen to me , David . There 's a little matter here of you letting that man , whom you obviously knew had something to do with this , you let him walk away scot-free . Now , that 's aiding and abetting , some people might even say treason . You threatening me ? No , no . Not at all . I 'm just saying ... everything can be managed . You know what it is ? It 's state-sponsored terrorism . Fuck . The guy synthesized smallpox , and that is a fucking amazing achievement . Amazing and horrifying , David ! And horrifying , yeah . But the point is he did it . Think for a minute , if he was right ? - Riddlemeyer ? - Yes . - Bullshit . - No , just think about it . I mean , who 's to say Robbie McCain wasn 't working with someone ? - He could have been part of a group . - I don 't think so . I think he was a lone wolf . Step back from it for a moment . If he were working alone , he 'd have to have been working on this genome for years . And from what you say , he only decided to take action after Leslie 's death . It 's an impossible timeline , David . I mean really , just who was Robbie McCain ? - We know nothing about him . - Alright ... Point taken . Smells good . - Oh hey ! - Thank god . A distraction . I think that I need a drink . - Red ? - Please . - How did it turn out after the burn ? - Smoke tested clean . - And the pathogens ? - Scattered all over the Pacific . - Good work . - Hey man , you look good . Weston and I made a series of models based on other Fugo launches that may have landed in North America . That projection was sent to the U. S. Army Corps of Engineers . They 're gonna coordinate a ground search . Okay , good ... Hello . Oh my God . When ? Okay , w ... where ? Alright , I 'll be right there . Guys , I 'm so sorry , I 've gotta run , I 'll call you later . What happened ? Rachel ! Where is he ? - They 're still working on him . - What happened ? They were attacked by some bear . Oh Jesus ! Oh God . Guardedly good news . We saved his arm . He 's lost these 2 fingers . He 'll need extensive plastic surgery to reconstruct this region of his face . But your son is out of danger . His friend isn 't so lucky . Shock and blood loss . There was nothing we could do . Ah no . These are Craig 's personal effects that came back on the medivac flight . - Thank you . - Wait . We ... We wanna see him . - He 's in twilight from the anesthetic . - Please . Sweetheart . It 's gonna be okay . - Mom ... - Stay calm , Craig . You gotta rest . Whadda ... 'bout ... Tom ? Tom 's fine . He 's fine . So , when tomorrow ? Oh . She said she could see us at 2 . Okay . You know , Bob , this may not pan out , but from what I 've read about Dr. Turnbull 's research , it 'll be worth the trip . Okay . I guess I should go home . I 'll take you . Okay ? Here , get your coat on . - David ... - There ya go . I ... you ... Well , hey hey ... We 're gonna fix you . Okay , good ... Yeah , bye . - Looks like Craig 's gonna make it . - That 's good news . How 's Rachel ? She 's hanging in there . Dr. Turnbull will see you now . Oh great . Come on , Bob . We 've been studying ways to repair optic nerve damage for several years now . What we 're doing is we 're injecting a solution containing self-assembling peptides into the damaged area . The idea is that they build a nano-fiber trellis in the space between the torn axons . And along with the peptides , we also inject growth factors , which help encourage nerve growth . And the nerve rebuilds itself using the nano-trellis as support . - Optic nerve regeneration . - Am I a candidate ? Well , let 's start by saying that ... we have never performed a human trial . But you 're ready to proceed to human trials . Well , let 's see here . You do have severe glaucoma , right ? You 've been on a regimen of miotic eye drops . You have 30 % of your vision and that situation seems sustainable . I mean , it 's an imperfect universe , but - we learn to cope . - I have no peripheral vision . In dim light conditions , I 'm virtually blind . But your situation is manageable . You stay on your meds , - you won 't go totally blind . - Yeah , but ... let 's just say Bob had these nanotrellises inserted tomorrow . - What 's the worst-case scenario ? - You 're asking me to speculate . Try it . It 's fun . Okay , well ... In our work with hamsters , we have had an 85 % success rate . However , when the procedure fails , our test subjects are left totally blind . So , how do we proceed ? Well , on your end , you 're gonna have to decide whether you 're willing to risk - total blindness . - And at your end ? I have to consult with our backers to make sure we 're ready for human trial . I 'd be more than happy to meet them , discuss the situation . I 'll set it up . Marking his territory . This specimen could go ... I don 't know , 600 pounds . Alright , this guy here ... is bear 4-7-7-A 's living room . We are gonna bait him in ... tonight . Hey , I thought that ... camera was for scientific purposes only . Oh , yeah ? - Fuck off . Turn that thing off . - No . That 's it . Keep it coming , baby . What 's that ? Get the pepper spray ! Oh . Hello . - Hey , you got a minute ? - I do . I did some digging into Robbie McCain ... - Molly ! - Uncle Wes . Hey kid . Still not feeling well ? No . And they couldn 't find my Dad . So ... - I asked them to bring me here . - You did the right thing . It 's good to see you . Still feeling sick ? I 've been barfing a lot , lately . Okay . You know what ... We ... are gonna go back to my place . Get a movie for you . And I will try and find your Dad . And if I can 't get him , and you 're still not well , we 'll go see a doctor . - Let 's go . - Thanks , Uncle Wes . I did some digging into Robbie McCain . - What you got ? - Robbie McCain . Born 1967 , Pontiac , Michigan . Graduated MIT , 1987 . 3.6 grade point average . - Three-point-six ? - Yeah . Doesn 't sound like the grades of a guy who single-handedly built smallpox . No . - There 's more . - Like what ? He never really held a position of any consequence , anywhere . Mostly worked as a lab tech . From all accounts , a good , solid technician . What about when he was at DARPA ? He was a project analyst . Yeah , 1993 to 2000 . He 's been in the BYU Zoology Department ever since . Zoology ? He wouldn 't have had any access to Level 3 containment . No cell culture hoods , no PCR machines , no gel electrophoresis rig , David . - He couldn 't have built smallpox there . - Just a regular , by-the-book scientist , working in a zoology lab . Yep . Family man . Close to his wife . Doesn 't seem the guy who takes the world hostage . So there had to be another facility , right ? And help ? - Shit . - Take that . - Yeah , thanks , Mayko . - No worries . Carl , we have a situation . - Can it wait ? I 'm sort of busy . - I 'm sorry about what happened to Craig but sometimes the job can 't wait for our personal problems . Alright . What is it ? - Robbie McCain . - What about him ? He didn 't work for DARPA and he didn 't work alone . Means there are others he was working with , and who the fuck knows what they 're gonna do with the smallpox . Let it go , David . We 're talking about smallpox here . Okay , Robbie McCain did work for DARPA . No , he didn 't . He worked in a zoology lab . That was his cover . None of his lab co-workers actually knew what he was working on . What was he working on ? He was part of a team . They were trying to establish if terrorists could ... build a smallpox virus using the Internet . The United States government was building smallpox ? He was one of the technicians on the project . Apparently , after his wife 's death , he jumped the other side of the fence . - With a couple of samples . - Yeah . Two . One for you and one for Grand Central Station . How long have you known about this ? I just found out . Well , why the fuck didn 't anybody tell us ? ! Look , David , DARPA is so top secret that even I didn 't know about it . Let me guess : it was an issue of national security . He was also gonna take it public along with you . A Scopes Monkey Trial for the ages . So you shot him . No , they told him to stop . - He chose to run . - Oh , this is such bullshit ! You know , I have absolutely no interest in debating this with you any further . I 've got more important things to look after . Oh fuck ! I want to be arrested and tried . But the real trial , see , will be the state of science . A Scopes Monkey trial for the ages , eh ? Fucker heard my conversation . I know you 're here somewhere , motherfucker . I know you 're here somewhere . Hey , Eliot , it 's Wes . We 're at the doctor 's right now . It might be just a flu , I don 't know . Get back to us when you can . Molly could really use you right now . What is it ? Is she okay ? Oh , she 's fine , Wes . A healthy little girl . Then what is it ? Are her mom and dad here with you ? No , uh ... I haven 't been able to get in touch with them . Look , my brother 's gone through some really rough times . And ... Molly spent time with me growing up . Wes ... Your niece is pregnant . - She 's twelve . - I know . And she 's 11 weeks pregnant . There you are , you son of a bitch . Molly 's pregnant . What about the virgin birth ? That 's a story in the Bible . I 'm having God 's baby . It 's as though animals are learning an aggressive behaviour . They 're becoming better killers . That 's my son ! Just in case you don 't recognize him with half his face falling off ! And that 's what 's left of his partner , Tom . Okay ? He wasn 't my friend , Dad . He was ... my lover . Now he 's dead . Dr. Sandström , I 'd like to introduce you to Titus Myerbridge from Auflander Docheimer Industries . - Yeah . - Anyway , David has it all set up . That nano-trellis procedure . - You 're gonna go through with that ? - Mayko , I want my eyesight back . - David doesn 't see any alternative . - David . If you don 't want to go through with this ... You just say the word and we 'll cancel . But I have to .
