 Version in Castellano Xajor It was obvious that our technology it exceeded our humanity . Albert Einstein said this when the locomotive to vapor ... it was still a astonishment of the technology . What theory concebio for the mess that the humanity made now . The humanity made the best thing that she could most of the time , but the excess of trust is expensive . The first attack wave of the buzzings it destroyed it . They never had the possibility of being regrouped ... after the first devastating attack . They didn 't have any reference for their absolute force . But in fact we lose the fight before the first shot . Not it was this way , Tallis ? The man doesn 't live in the peace . Check state . I am receiving movement . 1200 meters . Entrance in microwave frequency . Small rodent . Tallis , is the lunch . A healthy eyetooth . Good opportunity . You can eat a dog during one week . This plays with our provisions . They are mine . This behavior tactical it doesn 't satisfy , Tallis . This left to give a shot in the head to 1200 meters ? That garbage of nanotechnology advanced . Not I was made to be revolving behind foods . The surveillance to modulate it points out a sign of SOS . - Where ? - Be clever to walk . We go for the old refinery . This has a syntax error . This transmits a version obsolete of the molecular code of the tower . Transmission in jumper of frequency 700 . He can be another agent . We have to check . Not he / she has the entrance and east place this full with traps . The composition 4 , ematol , and tretatol . Ammunition of objectives special for agents . Not it was made by the buzzings . He / she has what goes to the scale of side of the exterior of the building . I am as dead as Socrates . Who is there ? Agent 700 . With intelligent view . Ángel 11020 . Please , identify you . Of my side , Captain North , 14507 . What diabos does it happen ? He / she makes as much as time that it is there , colonel ? We enter in the valley of the death with fire from all sides . A horrible experience . I suppose that old Bradley here it lasted 20 minutes . There , I saw police 's buzzings to grab all the bodies . They should not have in when he was seen here . Their eyes are damaged . The battle here was biblical . An Apocalypse in the the devil 's same cavern . Wave after wave I broke up them with the miniarma . When they finished , we fire rockets , grenades , wave after wave , as a fight in Tyberland . The on buzzings EDT and party this road . And they finished everything . I am useless after that . I observed to the impotent one while Curtis ... he / she took 3 weeks so that die in this corner . He was very stupid . Some food ? - Packages of provisions ? - Revise the box of ammunition there . When of this was taken care . We really catch . Against-measure electronic , Mister . This has a deshabilitador under the cavity . You have to take me , I become crazy here . My battery still it will last 30 years . The system of he / she WENT of the miniarma is unstable . Their logical processor it was contaminated . But this is a he / she arms valuable , Tallis . We have to take it . She is very heavy , I don 't need it . I am still under perfect conditions . I only need some few cares . I had just gone by a complete test of inspection some months behind . We go , people . This has 4 cans of ammunition near the wall . I am prostitute 's son in the battle . The personification of the own one Devil in a fire fight . You will never be sorry . The 1a law of the action is to survive any price . The contact with the enemy it should be avoided to all coast . Devils ! Not I resist more to recite the Bible . Play me in the liquid eternal of fire . It is the solitude that kills me . I change for the frequency doppler . Activated microwave sensors . To intertwine VCM abrangente . We go all for the point , affirmative position . This will be one night with force this is at night . This will be weighed , but I scream of pride to see their glory . I am exulting sending them to you . You are the dogs brave of the combat . My dogs of war ! That they are put in freedom ... when the rest flaw . And this day , what will be forever in the history books , this already happened for big failures , the extension force was defeated in Mojave . Several troops of them were slaughtered in Mexico . and the marine one and them the best fusiliers ... now they are fish food . All the representative bases . I say that you ... You they are the best that exist . The worst force in crash and efficient impiadosamente of the world . Now you have the opportunity of demonstrating their value . As in any other one time in our history , their precise nation . This day belongs to you . Victoria for the exterminación of the police of the buzzings ... or death . You ... it is the last of the last . Fight against the silver currency ! And with wickedness ! And fight until ending up with the last buzzing ! Maintain their positions , but some units have to evacuate . And retire their sheets , and fight with impulse ! I will see all you in the hell ! You are of the 700 . The unit 5 this , and the 7 already got lost . We lose the contact . Many units without contact . We will attempt another I contact in some time . Grade 5 ... We have our orders . That it is the point main , there are some meters . If we remove this position , the buzzings are already . The coordinates are positive . The pilots of the helicopters they should be had crusader . The buzzings are besides DMV . They are in great number . Where is the rest of F4 ? This finished . Bring that miniarma it stops here . Inside ! Fire ! I was right . We have to go until the structures . We have to sustain them . It can already leave , it is a trick . To the east of the black building . They go it stops there , units Space ! Eat lead ! Fire Order ! They will take . We need to deviate their attention ! A man that is quick . He can attract the whole fire . I think that he / she needs of somebody as me . If it attracts their fire it will be broken ! Make a lot of noise , soldier ! Good luck ! This doesn 't exist , boss . Let us go soon ! Move ! Let us go soon ! Grab the weapon . Move ! Take ! We still have to obtain the access to the black building for the door of the This . The east doesn 't give . The refinery of the city of Tebas is a good opportunity . We go directly for the refinery . I guarantee this it won 't be damaged . You drive , brother . Our current position was located . I advise that they leave right now . Registration movement in our position and none is friendly . Still treatment of penetrating in the frequency of the satellite . It seems that this was disconnected , Tallis . The Intercom already this in the air . I will attempt the road doppler . The frequency already this . The belt of the satellite already this . It is static . Agent 11020 , did it grab It ? Team leader 35 , change . This very calm one there . 42m38 seg . It is the time that E700 took to make remain silent to the bad police buzzing . Does he / she give to believe ? It is this way that in E700 . Attempt with the amplifier ACM . I only have more than enough 3 clips and 4 grenades and you ? Shit , two cameras and any grenade , less bad than we win that war , or we would be nailed . - And , the victory this insured . - In E700 they never lost a fight . They should already have been announced . - Not we should have noticed . - He / she looks to the unfortunate ones . Contained and in smaller number . Attack ! To attack . To incubate the entrance of the capsule ocular to recover the data . Sgt. Anchilles was mistaken , Tallis . E700 didn 't win in 42 minutes . How this way ? I was able to penetrate the sign . Also checkup directly my advanced escaneador ECM . The buzzings have the total control of our intelligence system . The 700 lost this war . It seems that we are alone . Sgt. Anchilles , 11036 ... he / she entered in the list of the drops . Situation of danger close . High potential of danger . The war can arrive until us . I recommend immediate intervention . Order to see ! - Let us go ! - Go ! Quicker walk ! Shoot in the collection ! A perfect ambush . We have to admire the clarity of a soldier without emotion , feelings or fear . Does he / she have some human being there ? Activation ECM abrangente . Totally clean . The escaneadores shows that the buzzings left . Not they have survivors here . It seems that somebody differs with you . The concrete should have hidden their corporal temperature . It will confront it the complete day or was it about giving him / her medical attendance ? - How is she internally ? - Not I was projected for this , but ... my escaneador to modulate demonstrates that their bones are intact . Their temperature should be stabilized in 36 . The sanguine group B and the matter cerebral in their face they don 't belong to her . How ago this ? This is a surgical plaster for the cure . I gave him / her proteins and medication for the hemorrhage . He / she will be treated of their wounds . She seems pathologically aggressive . It is clever to fight . Their team it is of low technology . It was probably left by the army , but it demonstrates methodology . This means that he / she should have an organization in some place . He / she can have a movement of resistance in fact . You are not younger , it can have arrived the hour of fighting for our cause . I am here to speak of the army of buzzings ... and that that this this means for you . EE . UU like we know it . The blue areas represent population 's excess , crime and unemployment . The red areas are communities desirous to God of low crime rate . Now , observe in this form , as the belt enlarged demographic sample what spent in the past 20 years . America in crisis . Our laws and politics doesn 't work . Our parents , érase once the best , it is the bank of the self-destruction . That is bad , unthinkable , I know that you agree . This is the soldier buzzing . He forms the dorsal thorn of the one army of police of the buzzings . They are " cacetetes " , scale of the justice . A politician and police . He is well . Their friend . And he / she should help here . Thank You , Laura . Hello , people , my name is Friar Dully . I am generally in the section of news in the afternoon , but today ... Police propaganda of the buzzings . He / she finds that the key to finish with is this to see these old sections of news ? Every day we stay more old men slowly , while they are more intelligent . The buzzings need of human . They were never self-sufficient . Where am I ? Almost 275 meters of where their vehicle it was depressed . You cured of my wounds . You will survive . I have provisions of the combat , if he is hungry . And will this divide ? Who are you ? Speak now ! This has 5 kilograms of tan meat at the end of the gun . I trigger closed . You are not the user authorized of this he / she arms . He intends to share their food with you . Did he / she speak their rifle with me ? Tallis was programmed for to kill and not to be a nurse , then ... be careful with that that he / she will make ensguida . Him this wants ? You are one of E700 . A special troop . They said that all you he / she had died . What happened was . Tallis became expert in survival . We were with a base for-military in the desert . We made recognition in the city ... and we were found by a patrol car of the buzzings . As the other ones if they left ? They didn 't come out . All died fighting . You are as them . Created by genetic engineering , truth ? Not as them . Tallis is perfected electronically , he is not a cyborg . He has a nano-transmitter in their eye , in the rest , he is as human as you . The buzzings are replicas biomecânicas . If one day you see one without the he / she chewed , you will understand . I read on you . You this has a disk of data or something like that . Since I stunned him / her . I am a superalcance of advanced intellect . the representation of the best of those nano-computers of the battle field . I am approximately more 4 times advanced that police 's normal buzzing and the nearest in the intelligence artificial that you will find . I receive my orders of the capsule of the eye of Tallis . If he / she dies , I don 't have objective , then , consequently , I also die . That this happening outside ? Most this startled for to make any thing . They got used to live in the cave as mice Some of us they preferred to fight . To sketch a reaction . Who controls the buzzings ? They are they execute its first initiative . To kill to human . Every month we are about finding the nervous new center . If we will be able to find , and to destroy , then theoretically we will be able to leave them inactive . Will it be fortunate ? Basing us on our radio receivers ... the buzzings are being controlled in the refinery of the city of Tebas . Tebas was our objective great attack . Our last attack . This is their weak point . Do they know that , does he know ? It seems the police dog that proteje to their owners . If I am able to enter in the nervous center , and to steal the decoder by heart , and I am able to take for my cell , You have to rest . I have to wash myself . We have a tank . Him this clean one . This serves . She is right . Their DNA is more similar to that of the buzzing that to the human . As the buzzings , we have that to carry out our primary objective . This that makes us go ahead in the personal survival . We live of necessity of confrontations , to kill the enemy , to stop it to all coast . This is our reason of existence , this is our credo . Without subsequent orders . Our right should be camouflaged and to survive . We enter to adhere to them , Tallis , and to rotate the war . Since the character defines the one I dedicate , this it is their destination . What does he / she think , Tallis ? You leave mechanical and conductive driver they are projected back . We have to even the applications . We have few ammunition ANP . And the rest only 8 or 3 AA . Not it is wise to confront the one enemy in such a state , Tallis , but in fact , we don 't have any option . The luck doesn 't exist . There are talent and the opportunity . The one that trains , triumphs . To cut , to stab , to rotate the position ! To cut , to stab , to rotate the position ! Attack , Tallis . Attack ! Agent AE 700 . Means of AE : Sophisticated electronically . You are super soldier of the genetic engineering . Besides their normal studies , they will receive digital inputs daily . The transmissions in code they will be read and recorded in the disk personal ICU . Their ocular capsule . The informations in their capsule ocular is at your disposal . It is this that makes them only . She should be respected and used ... as any weapon of their arsenal . I will unite to you . The best . This is a vest kevlar with cooler . It hides the temperature of their body . Imitated by the police of the buzzings . With that it is safer . Does he / she have a plan ? We attack with the heavy fire them they will think that it is a complete attack . In the confusion , you enter and it leaves before that they perceive that it is to distract . There , you show up to their commandant to report and to receive reports . You don 't call very much for personality , not ? He / she has to rest , I wait until it is time to go . I Am Tallis . Not I have a commandant of separation or orders . I am the last thing that he / she survived of my squadron . However , I continue being part of E700 . I found this book . Of Charlotte Bronte I read until late . I already read it . I read all . Hour of leaving . Not it owed so much activity . Our intelligence it was missed , but ... the place is this . Continue . Disconnect the transmission . No we want to announce our presence . Union with satellite , inactive . The link was annulled . I am very uncomfortable with this . We can be damaged , Tallis . Let us return for where we came . Turn for the fixation place . He / she runs , I reach you . This explosive type it is a liquid type AB . She will resist for at least 10 minutes . This is to save time . Let us go , move ! Let us go ! Beautiful joke there , Tallis . For the bad intelligence that you he / she received , the mission was a failure . Anything is perfect . As he / she survived this time I complete ? A theory would be a life of unbalanced probabilities and luck . I was only lucky , I believe . E700 doesn 't believe in the luck . In talent only and opportunity . We will see the sun be born another time . Any day that we see the exit of the sun ... it is a good day . There is a plan . Maybe next time it will be better to leave the girl behind . I want to learn . I want to learn that ago . Now it attacks me . The force begins with the balance , you it should lower their center of gravity . You should find their dominant side , train to work with its body and mind and not against them . How ? With both open eyes , point out to the wall . Without movement , close an eye of every time . What joins is their dominant side . Very well . - She learns slowly , Tallis . - She attempts . She will cause their death . Maybe . He / she has to support well to the hour of putting right the objective . Contrary case the force of the kick it will dictate where it will shoot . You are voluntary . All became voluntary to die for their country . Then , they came to the best place of the world to die . Consider you already dead . Their fears finish this way . And there they will be able to kill the enemy . This is Sgt. Anchilles . He will speak of their rifle . This is a Tri55 , rifle I finish urban . Since you receive it , he is their best friend . Their mother , their lover , everything in one . If you lose it , you die . If you break it , you die . If it is oxidized or it ruins , they already retire it , and you die . Our work and my life ... it depends on their survival . Then , I will teach them to to maintain their weapon . They are concentrated . They have rifles that you / they bring close . They also have portable weapons and I am capturing a system of heavy weapons . The level is dangerous , Tallis . Tallis that is ? He / she looks . Not it seems well . Prepare the men . As much as time can to sustain , end ? Some minutes but and we will be died , Mister . It tolerated strong . 3614 . I ask to the air support . The coordinates are ... Alpha , alpha , 365275 , change . That this making here , Tallis Our position was already . - How ago here , Washington ? - Our part was already . I last too much . All deads are . Then we finish , and I suggest that they make the same thing . An extraction truck this arriving here . There are 12 kilometers . - And the air support ? - Postponed indefinitely . I am with you , Washington , let us go ! - I will stay . - Will he / she stay ? We place them in this . - We will die . - Their logic this perforated . We will leave of here . Go ! Take you to their people of here , Sergeant , this it will be big . The air support this arriving ! Let us go ! Banquet of black vulture . The bombing fried all . Ests is an area of death . Well ... It is better to die giving show that to waste away . Buddha said that any suffering it is caused by the desire . She hates the buzzings . Never underestimate the hate as motivation source . She serves . I wait that this right , Tallis , because when you die , in fact , both will die , and all this was an I waste terrible . Use this . What is this ? Binary explosive , RE Tenex MX . He doesn 't detonate under impact or fire . It hits 3 times in the accionador , and it desolates 2 blocks . Not I believe in the suicide . If he / she plans to lose , then it loses . Sometimes , it is unavoidable . Use . We will go up this building . To cross it of roof to I roof until the nervous center . If you see me look to the right , look to the left . As formation of artistic skating . This has to make detonate the explosive and the grenades immediately . Come closer to their coordinates . It grabs the data of the buzzings , among and it leaves the quickest thing possible . Be in movement , be not still . If somebody changes fire , you can lose . We go . Put the agreement explosive to the instructions It exploits the building . Clever ? Make detonate the explosive . He / she takes . - I am well . - For which side ? Leave it at the end . In this room . - Grab what needs and salt quickly . - Okey . Let us go soon ! Not give birth ! Be behind ! Let us go ! Go ! Move ! Go ! Move back ! Not give birth to ! Let us go ! We will leave of here . It tolerated there ! Let us go ! This attracts all the forces of the buzzings . This can worsen more , Tallis . The only tactics should pay . - Does it trust me ? - Clear . - It grabs the explosive there . - With pleasure . - It sounds another time . - Is this their plan ? We have two seconds after the detonation . We can leave together for the window . This is a madness , we will kill . We have to destroy this . Okey ! Bomb of activated vicinity , it is better to die giving show . What dirt is this ? - This camouflages our temperature . - Continue . 360 inform . Now that we leave , Non achievement to move . I am well , era alone an expression . In fact , you are lucky that me this here to take care of you . I have to wash myself . - Tallis . - Tallis ! What step there ? He lost a lot of blood . They have that to give him / her medical attendance . Ah , Tallis . We are still . Still ? I repaired him / her , I have made calculations that we are tied . Precise of a rest , captain . The patrol cars of the buzzings they will be looking for us . Okey , good ... first you eat , and it recovers the force . That they are those marks ? Campaign profile . Each code denotes a date and position . It is my histórial of service . Scars of battles . I am a soldier from all my life . I killed in 32 different countries , but ... I am in advantage , I know him / her . Activating the infrared one ahead . Activated ACM . You disappeared . I like view . You are strange , Tallis . I don 't feel strange . I have to take the Disk for the militia . I want him to come with me . They participate in it . I can make this . He / she had somebody in the center nervous of the buzzings . A human being , I was stunned . A technical small unit he / she could enter another time . You said that all the commandants are dead . It is the information that our intelligence gave us . We have to fix a car . It is a trip of 48 hours for the south . Not we have that time . - I can find one . - I imagine that they will think of you . They are soldiers as much as me . They don 't make to many soldiers as you , Tallis . You are the last thing of their class . You are a dinosaur . Be clever to go when me to return . I have to go with you . Would I give for E700 ? With little probability . Does he know where he / she goes ? I have a car that serves , a The-golden one . I checked the battery . We clean everything and we repair the electro-electronic system . A satellite of the buzzings it will locate us ... so you tie the ignition . - We will move quickly . - Their logic is missed . We will make the right that gives . A productive member and profitable of the modern society . They patrol from Easter . He is the best partner that a man can to have . He was put to defend . Without to hesitate or to think . We can find a solution reliable taticamente . She is in a hurry . Their feelings for those deads are less because it is a clone cyborg ? Completely unable of some intelligence ? One is responsible here . They will understand , they are useless . It is sad , in a sentimental way . My father was a he throws , their father also . I estimate that my children will have that to find another profession . Don 't interpret me bad . I say that it is sad for me to be the one I finish human police in active control . But I say the following thing : With those faces there , it would not feel sure if it was a criminal . Those faces could have a possibility with us , but they don 't sleep . They use the sailing dopper , the image thermal , the communication via satellite , And I have to say : those faces never wander . They attacked , Tallis . They waited to that leaves . She preferred to be sacrificed that to go prisoner . Retiro all that I said on her . But I don 't understand because the buzzings they waited until you left . The nature of the apparent ambush the process of side decision . Imagine what Gives Vinci or Socrates ... they would have carried out with its system of ocular capsule , but it is you who he / she has and he / she has that to make of this the best thing . You should continue fighting . This disconnects the voice , angel . Obedenciendo : Voice far . Now that we leave , Non achievement to move . He / she is lucky that am here to take care of it . I have the exit of the sun . Does it mean this that we return to the action , Tallis ? I calculated that he / she would see us another time . We will hear the family sound another time . The tumultuous noise of the combat . For this it was trained , Tallis . This is from birth their right , I was projected for this . Not there is anything in the world like the sound of an irritated miniarma , gentlemen . I am the music that rips their night . I am the I incubate , the pagan , the one in favor of the battle field . Put the petroleum in me I will distribute pains . You are there , brother . In perfect order of combat . I am a machine of the mortal combat . My specialty is to be taken the life of the buzzings . I am the music that rips their night . I am the I incubate , the pagan , the one in favor of the battle field . The petroleum goes by me for to provoke some pains . Activating cover frequency . I develop End it can be harmful . I change for ultrarrojo . Interlazando the frequency of the colonel with ours . Mentioning Sgt Anchilles : it is better to die giving a show that to waste away . Synchronize the explosions ANS . And to be in the Ultra-red frequency . I await their next order , Mister . If their position is damaged , wait up to last moment for the explosion . He / she goes with them , Mister . Good luck , colonel . Good luck , colonel . E700 doesn 't believe in the luck . We were made for to kill or to be killed . Better to make that that better we know how to make , Tallis . - Clever , colonel ? - Clever for launching . Rockets of high pressure . Level incendiary 3 and the old man HAVE . High explosive , hour of the barbecue . To imagine that it is possible to carry out military big acts without fighting , it doesn 't pass of empty dreams . - Napoleon said this . - We go to the way camouflage . How do we go , colonel ? Activation of the miniarma . From Sacred Pedro it had not mounted behind of a chromium dragon . And the name of this dragon it is Blow , the Magic dragon . This will put an end to the bad . The malefactors also . Fire open to the hour that wants , colonel . This will be right now , Tallis . A multitude already send for the hell . The colonel will punish them , impious sinners . Look at it what I have , expensive , The power of God falls in you . Since Pedro will mount behind of a chromium dragon . That the Mr. he / she has the pity of my perverse soul It is here , Tallis . The station rereads of the buzzings that we were behind . You are Tallis , of E700 . I know everything on you . You were built with the nanotechnology ... what my company patents . Take off of there or they hit him / her a shot . She cannot make this . It is bigger than us two . It is the development of the artificial intelligence . The understanding of the justice . She warns to the buzzings , Tallis . Who are you ? She didn 't have to die this way . Disable the buzzings . You don 't understand . Not we command the buzzings . They command us . We adore the buzzings . We project them to be perfect . Certain . They are the human evolution . They are our religion . There are hundred of us working for them , but ... they don 't need people . Of none of us . Understand , they evolved . They began to be governed . Without you and this team ... the patrol car for ? Our objective was ... the constitution of a world Pacific . An Utopia . The realization of the mythical nirvana . They knew that finally the buzzings would also kill them . The human mind is basically good , but so weak . Who are those faces ? Not they appear in my sensors . This should be a type 2 . All the data are secret . They are more advanced fight buzzings . They work in inferior frequency . Military capacity of camouflage . I hope he / she doesn 't have more than them , Tallis . State of the police force of buzzings . Well he / she wanted you to see which am , Tallis . Since they lost the control . The buzzings are disabled . It is for my family , their buzzing Or that there , boys , kill us . They cannot continue without an order . Without the rele station , the buzzings are impotent . They are literally suffocated , you saved the world . What does it subtract ? Don 't still take place , somebody using a frequency ultra drop arrives until us . Buzzings . Grasp only 8 . Bad news . Them not they die easily , but ... they die . They are in the search , the tentative of locating others . Follow escaneando , Ángel . Escaneando : Thermal , doppler , infrared . Totally clean in 360o Stay abajao , Tellis . They can locate us without caring the atmosphere , and they are stronger than the first type . Not I see anything . They overcame my ECM . I sit down it a lot , Tallis . This outside of the objective , don 't begin the fire here . They are covered . We have to continue to the offensive . Not we will survive under these conditions . This is the last surgical plaster of quick cure , Tallis . He / she will need more than the protein for to recover if you lose this fight . They are always a Step to the front . I should transmit something . The capsule in its eye transmits secretly . They should have deciphered it , they know everything . They used him / her to attract those combatants of the human resistance . Be careful , please . Are they behind me ? Another time never makes this , Tallis . Did he / she already find a reference ? The atmospheric breeze this affecting my thermal imagística . - Can I enter for the door ? - Negative . Use the lateral window . Non touch anything . They are some obsolete ammunition . Everything if this degenerated . It is very unstable . Escanee , Ángel . Checkup Ultra Low frequency . The digital shock damages my system of surveillance . The data cannot indicate if this alone one or not . Please , take enormous care . You killed the one that cannot be killed . We arrive this way close . Our great task is almost complete . You destroyed everything . Their great task was the murder . You were mistaken . Look to my dead family , soldier . Be clever to adhere to them . If I survive , the army of buzzings survives . If I survive , we go in rising another time . I was made to reconstruct me . Drifted to regenerate me . With the smallest technology part I can to postpone the army of buzzings . Unite to my , soldier . We can command an army that he / she never saw same . We are similar . Not we are as them . Release their weapon . Unite to my . Neither to think it . We arrive this way close , Tallis . Calvary : The place or state in which the souls of the sinners they are subject to suffering cleanser ... until , after having paid their debts , they deserve the paradise . He / she would not call it paradise , but this it is my house . It is easy to find it , Tallis . Coarse to hear the shots . What did it pass with their eye ? I will survive . This is other to be born of the sun , Tallis . This is a charming day for to begin the reconstruction . Version in Castellano Xajor
