 Get a sample of her blood Then get rid of her Yes , sir The Umbrella Corporation thought they contained the infection They were wrong . Racoon City was just the beginning Within weeks , the T-Virus had consumed the United States Within months , the world The virus didn 't just wiped out human life Lakes and rivers dried out . Forests became deserts . And whole continents were reduced to nothing more than baren wastelands Slowly but surely . The Earth began to wither and die The few survivors that were , learnt to keep on the move We avoided major cities . If we stopped in a place too long , they would be drawn to us Only a few at first , but then more and more A never ending army of the undead For those of us left , staying on the road , seemed the only way to stay alive This is KLKB We have 7 people here in need of urgent medical attention We need help . KLKB . Can anyone hear us ? Can anyone help us ? Please ? My baby Please Please it save my baby You bitch You dropped my baby We 're surrounded We needed help . Can anyone hear us ? Can anyone help us ? Please Let us see What you got down there , missy ? I wouldn 't do that That he happens to you Pull her back ! You show her , daddy daddy , daddy Jesus Christ , he 's dead Think you 're pretty smart , huh ? We will see There you go , bitch We will see that you can do I am scared Let them loose That ' That was a juicy one , huh ? # In a gadada vida # Don 't you know that I love you # In a gadada vida , baby # Don 't you know that I 'll always be true Hey Carlos , this is Claire . You got any smokes ? No LIke I 'm supposed to believe that Claire , Would I lie to you ? LJ ? How can I help you ? Got any smokes ? No can do What about alternates ? Sorry to say we 're all out of that too You gotta be shitting me xxx ? Sorry ( campus ? ) , smoked the last two back in Salt Lake Yeah , people ( ? ) of the world Anyone else ? Paris facility . Food supplies now at 50 % 6 casualties . Biohazard numbers increasing London facility Food supplies down to 28 % 17 casualties . Biohazard numbers increasing Gentlemen Dr Isaacs How good of the science division to join us General Wesker As one is On the subject of the biohazards , what does the science division have to report ? We now know conclusively that they have no real need for sustenance They hunger for flesh , but do not require it My investigations indicates that they 'll remain active for decades - We 'll be trapped underground for decades ? What news of project Alice ? Using antibodies from her blood I will develop a serum that will not just combat the effects of the T-Virus , but potentially reverse it Giving back these creatures a measure of their intelligence Their memories Thus curving down their hunger for flesh You 're confident you can domesticate them ? They are animals essentially We can train them If we can take away their basic instincts They 'll never be human but would provide the basis for a docile work force We can return to the surface After months of experiments , you have got nothing to show and we are ( ? ) underground Without the original Project Alice , progress has been difficult I 've been forced to replicate her using flawed genetic models The results are unpredictable Project Alice and the subject of domestication is of the highest priority You 'll concentrate on this and exclude all other research I expect and updated report within a week Simply demanding results will not guarantee them Then perhaps we should get someone else in charge Someone who can give us the reassurances we require Continue with your research , Doctor While it is still your research This meeting is adjourned Sorry about this , Stevie We 're broadcasting live . Is anyone out there ? Isolated This is Claire Redfield convoy , present location at the Desert Trout Motel Broadcasting for any survivors . Is anyone in there ? Broadcasting for any survivors . Is anyone in there ? Seems quiet Don 't they always Claire , it looks clear . We 're going in . It 's your call , boys Come on Let 's do it Get me a room I 'll take a water bed , Jacuzzi Then I 'm going to rent me a porno What happened ? Are you ok ? Yeah , it 's all clear . Somebody need my help ? It 's nothing , but if you insist ... That 's right . So sit back and relax Spread out , look for anything of use Gas , food , ammo You know the drill You like playing rough , huh ? Oh , I 've had worse I 'm sure You 've always been gentle with me , babe Oh God I 'm leaving So , what do you say , dinner at my place , tonight ? Oh , I 'm there This is promising . He knows what it is . A camera You try Stand your ground Very good Unbelievable He has memory , and ( ? ) skills - This is incredible The serum works . You 've domesticated them You 've done it . Congratulations For the love of Jesus Pork and beans ( ? ) there The suspense You . Cat food Just kidding . It 's pork and beans . Hey It is sufficient ( ? ) Soup Cream of mushrooms Yeah sure I 'll be dammed How do you do that ? Just one of my skills It 's a dying art , unfortunatelly This is the last one Some kind of fruit Sorry there Have you checked the gas station yet ? Yeah , it 's bone dry How are we looking here ? Well , Claire , if we can run these trucks on rust , we 're looking pretty good Ok Hey sweetheart Are we up yet ? It 's almost done Who 's out there ? Hey , Carlos What ? All that fuel ( ? ) is slowing you down I want to clear the route Last sentinel in place Perimeter is up and running All motion sensors online Cameras 100 % Refried beans , fruit salad Bueno Storm 's coming . Let 's start packing it up and move inside . Get on the bus Put this fire out This is Claire Redfield convoy . Present location the Desert Trout Motel FLY OVER THERE Heard the tranmissions again . They 're broadcasting from some town in Alaska No infection . No Undead . They 're isolated Go To Alaska Activate number 87 Shit Dr.Isaac What is it ? My sensors have detected a peak is psy-organic ( ? ) activity Both alpha and beta waves Number 87 No , activity is not from one of the clones It appeared outside the complex It 's not possible My sensors are quite clear Massive psy-organic ( ? ) activity was detected 15 minutes ago Sensors ( ? ) location Claire Oh God Carlos I see them Everybody , stay in your trucks What is going on ? Everybody , stay in your trucks Roll up your windows and keep quiet Close the windows up What 's wrong with their eyes They 're feeding on infected flesh Fire it up , let 's get out of here Yeah , that 's a good idea Lock and load It 's stuck Oh , hell no . Let 's get out of here . Let 's get on the bus , come on Go ! Go ! All raise Claire Dam it Wait , Carlos , we have to evac the bus You got it Come on . Go Go Go ! Come on Now , Betty , go Go Go Go Go Hurry up ! Betty ! No Betty Go Go Go Dr Isaacs Another spike of abnormal activity has been detected 45 % of probabilities that this is Project Alice Triangulate , find the location Impressive If it is her , her development is extraordinary Her powers seem to have grown in a geometric rate since her escapre from the ( ? ) facility You 've made 10 trips to the surface in the last 24 hours All unauthorized Any trips to the surface , specially to gather fresh specimen , puts my men at risk Why did you disobeyed orders , sir ? Isaacs My research has intensified Don 't worry , they 're perfectly secured You 're supposed to be domesticating them Sometimes aggression has its uses What could you possibly needs these things for ? Dr Isaacs Specimen 87 has reached the final state of the test grid Perfect , put her on the screen Good girl That it is what tries He knows what he needs to know I do not understand your remark My research will change the face of everything When you pick a side Choose the right one Hi Hey This belongs to you ? Gave it to you last night For luck Thank you What 's your name ? K Mart It 's where they found me Claire and the others A few years back You have another name ? Never liked it And everybody I knew is dead Seemed like time for a change Somebody wants to say something Alice , this is Claire Redfield She 's the one that put this convoy together Thank you so much for your help Claire Excuse me , something needs my attention Last six months we all signed up for the convoy Pretty soon there 'll be more of us dead than alive Alice , what happened to you ? Why did you leave after we ( ? ) ? I didn 't have a choice They were looking for me What do you mean ? They were tracking me I couldn 't be around you , any of you I would have got you all killed That 's why you disappeared ? Broke into an Umbrella facility hacked into their computers . Downloaded satellite trajectories Stayed off the grid After the world ended , why stay out on your own ? It 's safer if I don 't go around people But you 've come back Damn Chase , What time is it ? Carlos , it is 12 : 14 Why , is there somewhere you 've got to be ? I guess I must be moving on Welcome home Got a minute Yeah Everyone is grateful to you for helping us out How long are you going to stay ? Don 't get me wrong We are grateful They 're all talking about what you did and they are scared I don 't blame them People have ( ? ) in getting rid of me Not just you You 're positive it 's her ? 62 % , to great a chance to pass up If it is Project Alice , she 's been evading the satellite grid for years I 've rerouted the remaining satellites to reaquire the subject and she 'll be unaware of us ( ? ) I 'll have an strike team ready within the hour No , we 'll establish a positive identification first 100 % The group she 's with includes known associates The original Project Alice is vital to my research The whole process of domestication is in her blood her genetic structure is the key The longer we leave her out there the greater the chance we lose her again I can 't risk that That decision isn 't yours to make You 'll take no action until this matter has been discussed by the committee at the next scheduled meeting Doctor That 's an order Claire , the ( ? ) tranmissions . It 's the best we ( ? ) Alaska We have to check it out We can 't just ignore it Have you any idea what kind of journey that would be ? Yeah , a long one And at the end of it , what ? You have no guarantee there is even anyone alive up there Claire , these transmissions say ... They are dated six months ago How many radio broadcasts have be responded to ? How many times have we go ( ? ) ? The transmissions say there is no infection up there It 's isolated It is safe ( The people in ) This convoy trust me with their lives These people don 't need pipe dreams That 's exactly what they need Look at them Six months ago , there were 50 of us then 40 Now there is less than 30 We 're starting to give up They need somekind of hope We made a decision to make And too big It 's too important for me to make it for you There is a change there are survivors In Alaska There is a chance that the infection hasn 't reached that far But we don 't know for sure We have a choice We stay as we are or we travel to Alaska For Alaska We will leave soon I hope you 're right Damn The food is virtually gone Trucks are running on empty I 've got half a tank of gas That 's it . Chase ? Shit , I don 't even have empty . I have enough for 100 miles . All right , if we 're going to make this trip , we 're going to need to resupply Yeah These are our options The nearest safest bet is right there It 's empty , I tried there Then we ... We could try this Vegas We 're limping and we 're short in gasoline and supplies Vegas is too damn dangerous Place is going to be crawling with the sons of bitches We have traveled every small town for the last the 6 months We have to go to the big city She is right Vegas is our only bet We 'll establish a positive identification first This good The Committee authorizes immediate action Release of vehicules and personnel Under the commando of the Dr Isaacs That 's an order PEACE OVER THERE , LIVING OUTSIDE CAREFREE STILL PEOPLE , LIVING , LOVING PEOPLE Hey , are you all right ? Yeah , I am fine The pork and beans , man . I don 't see how them cowboys do it Just practice WELCOME To VEGAS Oh , my God What happened to it ? I guess it ( the desert ) must have taken it back Five years It put the sand back It 's empty No undead , nothing Those birds ( ? ) the city block by block Picked it clean I don 't see any truck stops Where are they ? There , lower parking at the casino up ahead There 's gas pumps there How in the hell do you know that ? I dump 2Gs back in the day You lost 2000 dollars ? Damn it Spread them out We 're going to have to move that Casey , we need a look out Up there Great Climbing the Eiffel Tower . My God . A few years ago that 'd have caused a stir Well , let the good times roll Let 's get this done And get the hell out of here Mikey , get the wench Yeah Carlos Move away Get back Just get in the back and stay quiet . Go now , go ! It backs down She truly is magnificent When she is dead , make sure you move in fast We need a sample of her blood while it is still warm That might be a problem Satellite in position ? Yes , sir Then shut her down Mikey Mikey She 's fighting the conditioning Boost the control signal Help me , Chase Climb What is it ? The satellite , somekind of malfunction How long ? Feed coming online in 15 seconds 3 , 2 , now Where is she going ? Shut her down She 's still coming Now Oh shit ! Back to base The antivirus Get me the antivirus Why didn 't you shoot ? Because if we 're going to get to Alaska , we need that helicopter intact Let 's go look in the computer , see where that helicopter is headed How is he ? Under house arrest , as you instructed He 's been quiet How much of this have you used ? The blood increases the creatures power Also increases the strength of the infection I needed it You have no idea what this will do to you No I have an idea You 're out of control ( ? ) Under execute order 1345 issued by Chancellor ( ? ) for insubordination and gross misconduct in the field I sentence you to summary liquidation Liquidation ? No , just die Take the body to the surface , then bring me the stats on Project Alice to see what ... Sir Good thing we like a challenge Hold on They have the antivirus in there Just hold on It is too late and you know it Besides , you need a way to get in there And I have an idea You keep them safe , huh Got it Come here Carlos Save it You just promise me one day When you get down there Consider it done I wish I had a smoke I 'll be damned LJ sneaky son of a bitch All down Quickly , go Take it You 're not coming ? Take care of the others I 'm sorry , I didn 't mean to startle you I am an artificial intelligence I know what you are I knew your sister She was a homicidal bitch My sister computer was simply following the most logical path for the preservation of the human life Yeah Kill a few , save a lot So , what happened here ? The Dr Isaacs returned in an infected state He was bitten by a creature that been treated with a newly developed serum A serum derived from your blood The resulting infection has caused massive change My blood ? Your blood has bonded with the T-Virus The Dr Isaacs correctly deduced that it could be used to destroy the biohazards for good You mean that my blood is the cure for all this Practically So why are you helping me ? Your blood is pure . And this facility has all you 'd require to synthesize a cure You mean that this could all end Correct There is , however , a faux paux I have contained him to the lower levels , but I cannot hold him there for much longer Let 's go Alice Good luck You can 't kill me Yeah I 've told you I cannot die For so long , I thought you were the future It was wrong I am the future No You 're just another asshole And we 're both going to die down here Yeah , you 're the future all right . All attempts to contact the North American facility have failed How long have they been off the air ? 17 hours We must consider them lost The plans remain unchanged All data will be transferred to this facility . All research will continue under my personal supervision I expect results within 1 month You ' won 't have to wait that long , boys because I 'm coming for you and I 'm going to be bringing a few of my friends Subtitle By - Resident Evil Extinction
