 SPECIES THE AWAKENING For the gods keep the secrets of life hidden from humans Men did however figure out one secret : How to use fire . And Zeus punished them with the worse thing he could think of Something so terrible the writer Hesiod called it : " the source of all mortal suffering " Any guess what punishment he came up with ? - Some kind of disease ? - No ! - War ? - No ! - Fire , floods , drought ? - None of those For their punishment , Zeus gave them ... women ! - Hello , uncle Tom ? - I am at the office ! Hey ! So , what 's today experiment ? Biosynthesis . There are extinct plant cells walls in this fossil , type of equinoderme ( ? ) The ( ? ) resembles flowers Hence the name . - Sea Lily - Very good ! You know , theoretically , I can use the molecular genetic material to create a whole new breed of ( ? ) - Hmmm , Isn 't that a little unnatural ? - Yeah But interesting , right ? You seem distracted . Is everything all right ? It 's Oxford . they called me again this morning , But I can 't go England and leave you here . You are the only family I 've got . I 'll see you later I have another class Hey , uncle Tom What are you cooking ? A fabulous red wine sauce I hope you are hungry Hmm , tempting , but I have a date He should already be here As far as going to England is concerned you 're too talented ... for this little pond . - I thought we already settled that What if I came with you ? - Really ? You are bright You deserve it And anyway , I 'm getting a little homesick It will be good for the two of us ... I don 't know what to say In cases like that it 's better to say nothing A toast - To your future ! - And to Oxford ! Ah , that was Ben Don 't wait up - And thank you ! - Get out of here , have fun Miss ? ! Ah , my God ! Miranda ? Hey , Miranda , come on We 're going to be late Miranda , come on , you ... - What have we got ? - Woman no ID or any clothes , some kind of skin rash ... - Uncle Tom ? - I hope you are hungry ! Tempting , but I have a date You are bright To your future I need you to tell me your name What 's your name ? - Miranda ... Hollander . - Hollander . These blood levels can 't be right - These aren 't human - I shot them , that 's how they came out Yeah , right ! Nice try Stop screwing around and do the X-Ray OK ! You 're the boss Just stay still and relax , girl ! I just need to shoot another X-Ray Edward , what kind of joke is this ? Get out ! - What 's going on ? - Just get in the car , Miranda I don 't understand . When are you going to tell me what 's going on ? - We are going to Mexico ! - To Mexico ? Why ? It 's beautiful down there - Haven 't you always wanted to see it ? - Is it the Police you 're afraid of ? Yeah Whatever happened at the hospital I had nothing to do with it Rigth ? Are you saying ... I killed those people ? Yes ... and no ... Yes and not ? What are you not telling me ? You are sick . And I can 't help you . Sick ? With what ? I wish I knew But , uncle Tom , if I 'm sick , shouldn 't I go see a doctor in the United States ? No They can 't help you either Why not ? We are going to Mexico to find someone named Forbes He 's one old colleague of mine from university I was his professor . But , sometimes I wonder ... if it wasn 't him teaching me He was brilliant Crazy , but brilliant I haven 't seen him in years because I didn 't want to have anything more to do with him But he is the only one that can ... that might be able to help you , Miranda I tried ! ... But ... I ... I guess I failed Tell me I didn 't always worked with fossils , Miranda ... I 've always wanted to tell you the truth , I just didn 't know how The truth about what ? Forbes and I made you , in our lab As part of a project we were working on I tried to keep this from you . I just wanted you to have a normal life . - No ! There were these DNA strands ... from somewhere else Sent to us I mean . To Earth We mixed those DNA strands with human genes Experimented with a new kind of life You were one of the results But it was wrong So I walked away from ... But I didn 't want anything to happen to you So , I took you with me . And raised you as best I could as a normal human being . You 're all that matter to me , Miranda - You 're lying - Not this time , Miranda What about your parents ? Do you really remember them ? - My mother was your sister - No I am an only child They never existed All your childhood memories are part of a great big history I told you , when you were young again and again until that you believed in it You only think you remember I lied until you stopped asking me where you came from Until you believed we were just two normal and happy human beings I 'm sorry I 'm really sorry So , why would Forbes live in Mexico ? I guess some people come down here to disappear - Why did you two have a falling out ? - Let 's just say we didn 't see eye to eye I thought what we were doing was immoral and he didn 't . He was abusing the project Uncle Tom ? - What is that ? - Human hormones I 've been administering them to you while you slept Just two or three times a year , to keep the alien side of your biology from surfacing But , ever since you got sick ... they don 't seem to work as well - So , what exactly is wrong with me ? I wish knew It could be an infection , a toxic reaction of some sort Whatever it is , I don 't know enough about your biology to cure it . Forbes is the one who designed you , so ... he is the only one that might be able to help It 's going down - For now You are a mixture of ADN human and alien . A highly hybrid functional . You can soak up a volume of knowledge that no human can I didn 't teach you anything , Miranda ... - Does this look familiar ? - Of course It 's the complete works of Shakespeare I 've read this a hundred times You 've never opened that book in your life That 's not possible OK ! You know nothing about cars , right ? - Right , so what ? - Take this Close your eyes You know that clicking noise you have ... You 've switched to a higher octane gas That 's why That 's why you get that ( ? ) sound If you sign here , sir Your keys , señorita Enjoy I 'm looking for an American that lives down here name of Forbes Mcguire - I 'm not familiar with this gentleman Perhaps I can make some inquires - Thank you . I 'd appreciate it Hey , where are you going ? I 'm going to find Forbes Why don 't you stay and rest I filled the syringes with hormones . If the rash gets worse while I 'm gone , inject them See you later ! ... Perdon , señor . Conoces a este hombre ( Excuse me , sir . Do you know this man ? ) - No Hey , niño . Conoces a este hombre ( Hey , kid . Do you know this man ? ) No ? Ok , gracias Hold on there Where is the fire ? - Excuse - Hey , I know you San Antonio , Texas . Same hotel . How would you like to go for a drink ? - No , thank you Ah , come on Come on , I 'm buying Look , I heard back at the hotel , asking that Calderón fella about finding a certain somebody Well , I 'll tell you something ... Unless you give him a bribe , he ain 't going to do nothing That 's the way it is with these Mexicans They play dumb until you play ball Now , you seem like a right and nice fella So I 'll tell you what I 'm going to do I 'm going to cut through all that bull and I 'm going to hook you rigth up - What are you getting at ? - You want to find Forbes Huh ? I 'm going to tell you Now , at midnight , you go down to the square of the blessed maiden There will be a taxi cab there You wait until he flashes his lights Then you go and you get in the back seat of the taxi Any business that you have with Forbes , you put it in an envelope , that you will give to the driver I 'm looking for Forbes Mcguire . Hey , where are we ? Is this where he lives ? I am friend of Forbes I just want to talk to him Hey , buddy , are you listening to me ? Hold on . I 'm coming Hold your god damned horses I said I 'm coming Oh , you don 't look so good - God damned you You set me up , you sob Now you just hold on there - No ! Now , I don 't care who put you up to it But , God help me I 'm not leaving here until you tell me where to find Forbes Well , I don 't think you 're though enough to be telling me what to do in my own hotel room . You 're trespassing Put the gun down - Oh , lookie here - Is that your new bodyguard ? - Put it down , now Ohh . I am so scared ... That cowboy better not be setting us up again What is this place ? It can 't be here Listen Whoever is here They 're behind this door Yeah ... But how do we get in ? Yeah , that 's it Giddy up ! Go on , Go on That 's it , girl Come on , sweetheart - Mcguire ! - What the ... ? Shit ! I can 't believe it As I live and breath . Tom Hollander Why did you try and have me killed ? What are you talking about ? - I 'm talking about the nun ... You know , the one with the tentacles And your friend , the cab driver - Na , I do not know what you 're talking about - You haven 't changed , have you ? Hi , sweetheart Forbes Mcguire Have we met somewhere before ? And by the by , how did the two of you get in here ? You left out a key pad for us Oh , my God We have met before You 're G17 , aint you ? - Her name 's Miranda Whatever ! She is gorgeous Everyone , this is Azura Azura is my , hmm , director of community relations We 've already met This was your nun Huh ? For God 's sake , Azura ! Listen Tom , I 'm really sorry mate . I had no idea you were here That 's because no one tells me anything anymore These are totally inferior models , you know No complex thinking , love Absolutely none But this one ... Come one , sweetheart , tell me a little bit about yourself I hold advanced degrees in Biochemistry and Comparative Literature Classics Well , Well , Well So , Holander , you sly old fox Come on , Frankestein builds some stumbling drunk with a couple of bolts through his forehead Not that it could count ( ? ) a pig or an orange And you , you come up with this The holly grail ... - What the ... ? - Miranda ! Miranda ... - What 's happening to her ? - She 's sick That 's the only reason we 're here Put her up there - Give me an IV line of 50 ccs of hormones Ah , no shit . Look , I do know what I 'm doing , ok ? Now , keep an eye on her blood pressure We have to stabilize the huma hormone levels Come on , sweetheart You 're playing with fire , did you know that ? Look ( ? ) Once in a while , I try something out For Christ 's sake If I can make someone 's dream come true by giving them back a dead relative or whatever , why not ? Because it 's not their dead relative It might look like them , but they 're half alien Do your clients even know that ? - They don 't need to . I 'm telling you these things are safe ! The alien side almost never comes out . I 've worked out most of the kinks So what about your cab driver ? - Go ape nuts ( ? ) you know , random ( ? ) OK , I there 's been one or two mistakes Things I 've never should have made And admittedly one or two of those mistakes might have escaped into town , but they are unstable . They die off in a month or two It 's cool Trust me What 's wrong with Miranda ? Any ideas ? Yes . So , what 's it ? What does she have ? Old age - Come again ? Mortality , mate There is nothing actually wrong with her She 's just reached the end of her life span Huh ? Are you crazy ? Look at her ! Yeah , I know ... It 's hard to believe , isn 't it ? She is young , she is beautiful And soon she is going to die How long ? You know , until ... ? Soon , you know . Today , maybe tomorrow I could try making you another one It might not be as smart Whatever you might think Miranda is a human being . Then tell her the truth Tell her she 's going to die Isn 't that what being a human being is all about ? What about Azura ? What are you going to do when she dies ? - Don 't you care about her ? - Hell , no ! Just pop out another one . Blond , probably green eyes and a tan I mean , come on , mate . That 's the beauty in all this No - Look , all right . Then , don 't tell her You know , after all , you lied to her in the first place about what she really was Was that because you respected her as a human being ? Or just a convenient way of keeping things in control ? Shit , mate Don 't listen to me What do I know ? I mean , look at me . Look at this place . I 'm the one that should have died a long time ago I tell you : between me and the ( ? ) I kind of have one of these buggers polish me off someday Miranda ? I raised as my niece But I love you as my daughter Unfortunately , there is nothing he can do And I just want you to know I 'm truly sorry There is something that I want see ... Anything you want ... I don 't know if human or not , or if I have soul or not . But , whatever I 've done I have to settle it Looks , Miranda , Whatever you want to do , we 'll do Wherever you want to go , we 'll go I 'd like to be back home Of course , but ... - And go to the police there To the police ? I killed people in the hospital ! ... I need to take responsibility for that Miranda ... Even if I don 't make it home ... I have to try Come with me ! OK , there is one way to extend Miranda 's life Why didn 't you tell us this before ? Because it requires ending someone else 's No way I won 't be a party to a murder - We won 't get caught People disappear here all the time all the time . Nobody asks too many questions You have to try to think in that as a genetic transplant . You know , a complete infusion of living healty vibrant cells Miranda , is the only way for you to go on - It is immoral ! - Immoral ? Give me a break . This town is full of scumbags Thieves , liars , murderers , rapists ... you name it You take one of those guys off the streets . Heck , we 'd be doing a public service That 's not the point I 'm not a killer There must be another way Something else we can try You have to let me accept this I 've have a good life . Mostly because of you So , have you thought about what you 'll do ? After ... Forbes is a lost soul living in a pit of misery Maybe you should help him So something good can come out of this I 've told you . I want nothing more to do with this technology So you 'll leave him here and go back to ... work in a museum ? Can you honestly , tell me that you you feel satisfied working with things that have ... been dead thousands of years ? Uncle , don 't you miss true scientific work ? You are my true one scientific work Miranda ? Hey , hey . Hey , right here , mate Get her on the table , Clamp her down . And make it quick ! We need to get a syringe inside her before she fully turns - Turns ? Yeah . She 's fighting for her life And then is when her less attractive , but very very strong side comes out Come on OK OK , that will stabilize her for a little while But we need to do a human graft soon Or we will definitely lose her . Now go back and get me a donor ... I need a female And bring her back alive - Me ? You want me to ... ? - Yeah It 's time to get your hands dirty Do you want to save her or not ? Go ! Are you looking for me ? - Maybe ... - Do you want to dance ? Sure - Let 's go Listen , should we go somewhere else ? I know a place We 'll do it here Turn around - What ? ! Hey hey hey Turn around ! You 're kidding ? ! - Perverted ! Prick ! I don 't belive this You 're robbing me ? Now , where do you want it ? One in the leg , or two in the ass ? Stop wasting time Let 's take her and go Come on , let 's get you home You had a little too much tonight Who are you ? Where am I ? Let me go - Shut up ! You 're about to be harvested Please ! Por favor , no . Por favor . Se lo suplico ( Please , no . Please , I beg of you ) Let me go , please Why ! ? Por Que ? ! Let me go First off , we 're going to impregnate alien DNA Time to go fishing - Ah , my God ! No worries , mate She won 't feel a thing That is monstrous ! Fertilization achieved Now the trick here is injecting the stem cells at just the right point in their evolution In other words , now I 've forgotten how fast this thing went Hey , hey . What 's happening ? The cells are infusing all over her body That can 't be good Come one , you 're killing her ! - vital signs critical Stop this . Stop this now ! - Hey , hey , it 's done , dude Oh , crap Miranda , easy , easy It 's me . Miranda , come on It 's me . It 's ok You 're all right now Come on Hi Where am I ? In the presence of two bloody geniuses That 's where Guess what ? You 're all better now But how did you ... ? - Stem cells , baby Here , drink some water The temperature is normal . The blood pressure is excellent All systems are go - I don 't know how to thank you Hey , look what I found for you Orpheus ' Metamorphosis . I never thought I 'd read latin again Intellectual functions appear present The Metamorphosis is about people that change into other creatures Your idea of a joke ? Yes , well Then again , we haven 't heard you conjugate any Greek verbs yet - Try me I 'll give you all the tenses : Past , Present , Future , Subjunctive ... - We are done , mate OK , I 'll stop Just let me do one thing What 's that ? Fuck this girl Miranda , what are you talking about ? Your Director of Community Relations Let me fuck her Hey , Azura , Love . There 's something I need to talk to you about outside Miranda , are you feeling ok ? - Never better ! So , where to ? We can 't go home now The police are probably looking for me I thought that you wanted to talk to them Face up to them Why ? So I can rot in jail ? Wha 't the point of you saving my life if I can 't enjoy it ? Regardless , I think it might be a good idea to go back to the hotel You need some rest - Rest ? I 'm not tired I 'm going to go live Experience things So , what do you say we grab some of Forbe 's bottles , top shelf tequila , and get naked ? Hey , hey ! What are you talking about ? Hmmm I now the truth now . You are not my real uncle No ! No , Miranda ! No ! Fine Fuck you , then ! What 's up ? That is some perverted stunt of yours ? What the hell have you done to her ? - I saved her life Just like you asked me to You know , there might one or two glitches ... Have you seen her blood cells ? It 's chaos ! She 's not stabilizing We 've got to do something Another transfusion More stem cells That won 't help ! ... That woman is here to pickup the dog Look , hang on a second For God 's sake ! Azura ! You got the money ? Lady ! Yes , yes Here is the money Release form It is beautiful ! Actually , it 's a fucking alien facsímile . You might want to remember that Hey , mate , I 'm sorry . I had a bit of business ... Miranda ? Miranda ? She 's gone . Do you hear ? She 's gone . I 've got to find her She is sick Not just sick , she is dangerous I don 't care Listen , mate , if you 're going to go . At least take this What the hell is that ? - Hydrochloric acid . It won 't kill her , but it might slow her down - This dosage , on the other hand ... - I 'm not going to kill her I 'm going to find her and bring her back here Refine the hormones Temperate the mixture and get her back to where she was - Dune , don 't underestimate this thing Get out of my way ! This is your fault , Mcguire , you always did sloppy work Listen , Tom , I 'm telling you She 's got no human imperative anymore She 's pure creature . She 'll more likely be pregnant before night fall In two weeks , this entire town will be overrun She 's sterile ! I took care of that a long time ago I wouldn 't count on it . With her new stem cells there is not telling what she might do We 've got to kill her Face it Tom She 's not human She 's not your little girl anymore If you weren 't so obsessed , you 'd see that Look , mate , if you won 't kill her , we 've got to bring her back here Wait , Tom ! Lets me help you ! Do what you want ! I 'm telling you ! You can 't stop her alone ! You 're going to get yourself killed ! - Miranda ! Miranda ! Señorita , may I do something for you ? I think so I must ask you to cover yourself , señorita It 's ok I know that you like me I 've known from the beginning Miranda ? Miranda ? Señor You scared me Where is Miranda ? Everything was fine until that two showed up It should have killed you in the alley Not so good you humans You don 't have to do this ! Genesis 20 : Behold , thou art but a dead man Que haces aqui , guera ? Quien the dejo pasar ? ( What are you doing here , blondie ? who let you in ? ) The dress , I want it - Do you want my dress ? Take it off ! - You know what ? I 've got a better idea Why don 't you get out of here right now , bitch ? Oh , you mean , " my dress " ? Hey , hey , hey ! Que paso aqui ? ( What happened here ? ) - A monster . It killed my compadre ! Oh , crap Where did she go ? The monster , where ? Donde esta ? Over there ! - All right ! Bingo ! There it goes Miranda ? Miranda ? The Inn keeper was one of mine , and he was sterile Otherwise you 'd be pregnant by now Turn around You have wanted to fuck me since the moment we met Miranda ? Where am I ? It 's ok It 's ok Reax , relax , Miranda Lie down Tom , I need your help - Of course , anything You have to end this Hang in there Hang in there The human side of me is dying I don 't want what 's left It 's over You know what you 've got to do Thanks , for giving me life You were right , Miranda You were always right Translation of Jeirinhas Much Enhanced by Z +
