 Previously on Bionic Woman ... Dinner tomorrow night . That guy Tom , he 's under some scrutiny . He only has a paper trail for the last six years . Before that , nothing . We have to assume that he 's the enemy , Jaime . I don 't believe it . My gut tells me he has nothing to do with this . The last time you listened to your gut about a guy , you had your limbs replaced . Who 's gonna have my back in there ? I 'm gonna be with you every step of the way , okay ? You 're the good guy . Well , CIA . It 's open to interpretation . This time we came out ahead , but we could 've done Better . I was thinking about Tom . I was thinking about you . God , you 're beautiful . Hey , Agent Hastings . Hey yourself , Agent Sommers . So I was just calling to make sure we were still on for the family dinner tomorrow night . Wow , you 're keen . I thought it was just " my sister 's making dinner " dinner . What she making ? Pasta carbonara , which I actually hate . But don 't tell her . So what are you doing right now ? Working . And what are you wearing ? You can 't ask me that now . All right , all right , I got it , carry on . Just be careful . Okay ? Don 't do anything crazy . No heroics . I 'll call you back . So where were we ? Oh , yeah . Don 't do anything crazy . Hey , jaim , we don 't have heavy cream or bacon , do we ? You making a heart attack ? Look , do you want me to cook dinner for your boyfriend or not ? I want you to cook for him . I don 't want you to kill him . And he 's not my boyfriend . Oh , yeah , tell your face that . Really , it 's nice to see you happy , Jaime . I mean , you tell more jokes and you buy me more stuff , so - and because I 'm inherently selfish and I want this to continue , I 'm gonna make you make a really good impression on this guy tonight , okay ? Okay . So just leave it all up to me . I will take care of everything . Great . All right . Oh ! Can I have 50 bucks to pay for all this ? Morning , chatty . Chatty ? Yeah , I took a look at your cell phone log . You were talking to Tom while you were out on the stakeout-not cool . It 's not your job to monitor my calls . I 'm just saying ... Had you not been distracted , you could 've taken the guy out with a lot less risk . What risk ? I 'm bionic . You 're bionic , not immortal . And the risk I 'm talking about is not you . It 's to Berkut . Exposure . You know what ? Don 't worry about it . You 're learning . A general rule of thumb : relationships and counterespionage don 't mix . Is that why james bond never had a steady girlfriend ? I think having a steady girlfriend is overrated . You 're such a guy . 50-caliber depleted uranium tip . This thing will eat your guts . Created specifically for - for the chambliss optical tracking system . Which gives this rife an effective range up to ... 2-1 / 2 miles . Lethality ... 100 % . 2-1 / 2 miles . That 's further than I can see . Well , at least a mile and half farther than any other rifle on earth . Something the world really needed . We developed it . We Berkut ? No , we the United States of America . Fortunately , we recovered four dozen rounds from your bad driver last night . However , the army managed to lose six dozen rounds along with the rifle . Lose ? It was stolen out of an armored vault . It ended up pointed at president Rudhan , dictator of Imara , two weeks ago . So if the ammunition is in this country now , then - then the rifle is too . And president Rudhan will be here in three days . He has horse racing at the Bay Maiden Cup . Supposedly he trained the horse himself . Why , is somebody trying to kill him ? Along with being good with horses , he rules by political terror , abduction , assassination , torture . Hmm , and that 's not just people he doesn 't trust . Their families , the villages , old people . I know . I spent some time there . We 're gonna protect this guy ? Listen , they could kill him all day long in Imara , but if it happens here , it 's only gonna empower the anti-American nationalists . Leaving a power vacuum in Imara . To be occupied by a fresh generation of jihadists . Taliban comes to Africa . Right , so we protect the bad guy . Yeah . Every move that his excellency will be making while in this country is shown here . We trust that you , along with the CIA and Secret Service , will ensure that this visit is a pleasant one . Security won 't be a problem . Personally , I don 't see the need for American bodyguards . I have complete confidence in my men . The Imaran security forces are the most respected soldiers in Africa . Feared is a more accurate word . You don 't like our country . No , I love your country . It 's your genocidal dictator that-no , not as much . Look at the time . We should do that perimeter check before it gets dark . It 's easy to sit in judgment . But we are trying to build a nation from the ruins of colonial exploition . Our country would be torn apart without a strong leader to keep the peace . Peace ? What kind of peace are you talking about ? I was there , and I watched your president kill thousands of his own people . So what are we looking for ? Places with a clear shot and a good hide . If the president 's suite is here , then ... It won 't be there , because there 's a helipad on the rooftop next-door . It won 't be there ... because that building overlooks that one . If I had the pleasure of taking this monster down , I would be alone on that rooftop ... right there . You 've done this before , haven 't you ? Taken people out on rooftops . " People sleep peaceably in their beds at night because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf . " Churchill ? No , George Orwell . Damn , I gotta get out here . I have my therapy session with Ruth , and then dinner with Tom and Becca . Ha , you got balls , I 'll give you that . An hour with Ruth can be torture . That 's not what I 'm talking about . A relationship with a CIA operative ? After everything you 've been through with relationships lately ? You just can 't keep your nose out , can you ? The world we work in is too intense . This relationship is never gonna work . Who is she ? Who ? The woman who broke you . Oh , come on . Why do women always think it 's a woman ? I 'm gonna get it out of you . New shoes , Ruth ? Jaime , maybe we should talk about why you 've been resisting these therapy sessions . Am I ? Well , I guess because you guys make me come to them and they 're boring . I feel like a science experiment . Well , these sessions are designed to help you . You know what would help me , Ruth ? If you told me about your day , and how you 're feeling . I 'm a psychiatrist . We don 't do that . Oh , come on , Ruth . Break the rules . Knock yourself out . I mean , this place is hardly inducive to opening up and feeling comfortable . You mean my office . Berkut . This place is about as warm as a hospital bathroom . Would it kill you guys to put up a painting ? A plant ? Rock it a bit ? Oh , time 's up . Thanks , doc . It 's been a pleasure . Jaime , stop , no . I 've already got everything how it 's supposed to be . Don 't touch anything , okay ? Calm down . It 's just dinner . Hey , calm down . It 's just dinner , okay ? Wait here , okay ? I think I just won mystery date . Here . These are for you . Thanks . And this . Thank you . Tom , I 'd like you to meet my sister Becca . Hi . Hi . It 's great to meet you finally . Yeah , you too . I 've heard so many things about you . Oh , come on in . We 're actually not gonna have dinner out in the hallway . Well , I 'm relieved about that . Got these . Hi . She is adorable . I know . So , Tom , um , how long have you been involved in calculator manufacturing ? Oh , I moved over to the company five years ago . Wait , so how does an executive at a calculator company and a girl who sells time-shares , how do you meet exactly ? He bought a time-share . - I bought a time-share . Oh , that 's fun . Where was the time-share ? Florida . - Istanbul . No , it wasn 't in Istanbul . Who buys a time-share in Istanbul ? I 'm joking . So who asked out who ? I asked her out . I took one look at her , and I knew I wasn 't leaving until I asked her out . In fact , she 's the reason why I bought a time-share in Florida . I hate Florida . Hello . - Jaime . Sudden change of plans . President Rudhan is arriving at the airport rightnow . Okay , I 'm on my way . I am so sorry . Big sale ? Huge sale . There 's a big thing , and they need a heavy hitter . And I just have to go , okay ? I 'll make it up to you . I 'm sorry . Enjoy your meal . Bye . Watch out for those other brokers . Yeah . She does that sometimes . Yeah . What is this ? It 's air traffic control 2.0 . Cool , right ? I don 't remember getting excited over version 1.0 . 5,000 planes in the air at any given time , and you 're not excited by the software that keeps them from colliding . That 's narrow thinking , Jonas . What 's it got to do with us ? Well , I was checking out air traffic patterns in preparation for Rudhan 's flight in three days . But 2.0 alerted some unusual activity . Imara flight , four eight Charlie , slow to one six zero . Descend and maintain 4,000 . vector to approach . Don 't get a lot of private planes registered in Imara flying to the US . Maybe Rudhan 's bringing in extra security . This is why you 're gonna add " Genius " to my title . See , the software also gives me access to the computers and security cameras at Imara 's airfield . That 's president Rudhan . He boarded a plane 12 hours ago . He 's trying to sneak in under the radar . Get Jaime on the line . That airfield 's unsecured . Thank you , Nathan . I 'm glad somebody here is excited by advances in aviation and traffic control . The president of Imara 's had a change of plan . He 's arriving at the airport right now . It 's a perfect opportunity for the sniper . I 'm already on my way . Antonio called me ten minutes ago . He couldn 't have . I just found out . Whatever . I 'm on my way . I am so sorry . She 's not usually like this . I mean , she 's usually a pretty considerate person . I guess she just takes her job responsibilities really seriously . Try not to take it personally , because it 's notabout you . I mean , you 're nice , and I think she really likes you . So I bet the last thing you want to do right now is having polite dinner conversation with some old guy you just met . How about we start fresh ? Take a rain check . I 'll take the two of you out to some fabulous dinner at a great restaurant . Maybe next week ? Yeah . Ooh . Hey , it was great meeting you finally . You too . And , uh ... You know , Jaime 's lucky to have a sister like you . And I 'm pretty sure she knows it . All right . Great . Bye . Bye . Yeah , I 'm here . She just left a few minutes ago . Antonio , the sniper ! We need to secure the president and get him away from the plane now ! What are you talking about ? Move , move ! Come on ! Go , go ! Let 's go ! Bomani , we need to get the president out of the city and out of the country immediately . That is not going to happen . Let me talk to him . I apologize . They don 't always have the best of manners . What do you want to tell me ? You 're not safe here . You need to get on that plane and go home . I mean , come on , it 's a horse race . It 's not worth dying over . How much time have you spent in Imara ? That would be none . I 'm not afraid to die for my beliefs and my people . I thought I might see you here . You 're on this case ? No , they just called me in for backup . Hey , where 's your protective gear ? Oh , Tom , don 't start . This isn 't me thinking you can 't handle yourself . This is me thinking about a sniper bullet that big which almost blew out your brains . This is so typical of Berkut . They think that the rules don 't apply to them . The CIA always goes by the book ? You mind ? Yeah , actually , I do . You 're talking to my partner , causing yet another distraction , so back off . Tom , I 'll call you later , okay ? Well , why don 't you tell your partner that you don 't show up to a mission like this with no protection . She doesn 't even have a weapon ! You are way in over your head , and you don 't even know it . Let 's go . We 've got work to do . I told you CIA boy was a bad idea . I don 't need relationship advice from you , Antonio . I spy with my little eye ... What is it , Sommers ? - What 's that ? - I don 't know . A piece of rubber ? I 'm not sure if I should trust you with it . Why is that ? You want to tell me why you knew that guy arriving at the airport before Jonas even called me ? Believe it or not , my good friend Bomani called me . You want to level with me about this woman thing ? I was undercover in Africa about three years ago , working with a woman . We were assigned on point on a raid for ... A terrorist training camp . We got the location , but they got her . I knew they were gonna torture her , but I had to do my job . Get back with the intel ... And leave her there . She was still there when the first cruise missile arrived . The missiles were right on target . It was considered a good mission . I 'm so sorry , Antonio . Oh , my god , you just made the whole thing up . Oh , screw you . What , you don 't need a story to trust me , Jaime . Just trust me ! I 'm off to Berkut to show what we learned in school today ! I 'm right behind you ! This is all you got ? I 'll run some tests on it . How long is it gonna take for you to run these tests ? You have given me a small piece of rubber . Don 't give me attitude . In that case , I 'll be at home . I have to go let Becca yell at me . Jaime ! Could I show you something ? - Sure . I got a plant . I want you to be comfortable here . - Hi . - Hey , Becs . I 'm so sorry I had to leave you earlier . Look , don 't screw this one up , okay ? He 's a great guy . He 's smart . Funny , kind . He 's crazy about you . He 's so much better than those loser guys you usually date . Sorry , I know , that 's just how I feel . I know you have a wild self-destructive streak . Just ... Just keep that under control , okay ? Okay . Oh , Jaime ? I threw out the carbonara . I know how much you love it , but it doesn 't keep , so - night , Becca . Hello . Hey , Nathan . - Where are you ? - I 'm in bed . - Really ? What are you wearing ? Ugh , focus , Nathan . Why are you calling me ? Ah , to gloat . I ran my little tests on that ridiculously small so-called piece of evidence you guys game me a mere seven hours ago , and already-bop bop bop ! I already have a solid lead on where the guy might be . Fill me in . What you guys gave me was a piece of the sole of a high-end sneaker . On it was chlorinated residue found in residential fountains . I traced it back to the waterfall apartments . Antonio is on his way over there right now . Is there a team on the way ? Now , he said the guy would see that a mile away . He 's gonna handle it by himself . Without me ? Well , he said not to bother you . Just let you sleep . Said he could handle it . Now would be the part where you say , " Wow , Nathan . " That 's really , really great work . You 're so smart and hot and - " She exited the building . She appears unarmed . Where 'd she go ? Why are you following me ? You 're gonna have to talk to Agent Hastings . You gotta be kidding me . I don 't have time for this . Okay , you know what ? You tell Tom Hastings you - you know what ? I 'll tell him myself . I 'm unavailable , so please leave a message . Where the hell are you , Antonio ? Nice place , right ? Oh , absolutely . I 'm glad you could come . I can 't do this anymore ! Come here - get your hands off me ! You 're crazy ! How can I argue with - They know you were here . They 're sending more agents as we speak . Just stay away from here . Stay away from here ! What are you doing here ? I thought I told Nathan to let you sleep . We 're partners . Yeah . You 're right . Let 's go do this . He 's gone . Antonio is communicating with the assassin . Are you sure ? Of course I 'm sure ! You want to argue with the ear ? You know , think about it . He knew the President was arriving sooner than you did . He told Nathan not to bother me , he 'd be fine by himself . He just stood there lying to me . Going through the motions . And what did you do ? Well , nothing . I just pretended I didn 't hear him . Look , I haven 't been doing this very long , remember ? No , you did fine . You did fine . I knew he was stationed in Imara five years ago , and I knew he had strong feelings about the leadership there , but I didn 't know they were this strong . You 're gonna have to bring him in . No , actually , you 're gonna have to bring him in . You 're gonna give Antonio false information that the president of Imara is changing his box at the racetrack . We 'll stay on his ass . Bust him and the shooter . A little change of plans . Oh , really . Rudhan 's security told us they 've changed the location of the president 's box . He 's now gonna be sitting down below . Right there . That totally changes the sniper sight-wise . Yep . What do you want to do ? I 'll take the tower . And you can take this other one . We can cover this , right ? Yeah . Okay . Let 's go do it . What 's up with you today ? Nothing . Something happen with you and CIA dude ? Maybe . I won 't say I told you so , but they never seem to work out in this line of work . If that 's the truth , then why do you still do it ? Sometimes I don 't know . Sorry I didn 't call . I heard you took out two of my agents . I can 't believe you had me followed . Thanks for the vote of confidence . Whoa , whoa , whoa , that 's not why they followed you . Really ? Why then ? When someone in the CIA starts a ... Relationship ... They have to tell the organization . And then they check that person out , that 's all . So I told them that you were my girlfriend on paper . Right . You know , are you who you say you are , and do you live where you say you live ? Normal stuff in our line of work . Okay . Are you okay with that ? Well , not being followed , but the other thing . I don 't know . I have so much going on right now . Well , what 's going on ? I can 't tell you . I 'll call you later , okay ? All right . ladies and gentlemen , the official results are in on race eight . Sabrina 's Bride in first paying $ 12.80 . Straight up No Out in second paying $ 5.90 . Hannah 's Gold to show paying $ 4.50 . Red Ridge ... He 's up in the next race . Yeah , I saw . The horses are on their way to the gate for the Bay Maiden Cup . A graded stakes race for the million dollar purse . All betting windows are now open . You gonna tell me what the hell is going on ? I heard you with the assassin . I know you 're in on this . Did you tell Jonas ? I had to tell him . I 'm not working with the assassin , but I do know her . Her ? Will you just tell me the truth ? We were stationed together in Imara about three years ago . We saw a lot of bad things . She 's been working underground against the Imaran government ever since . She 's in too deep . She 's lost . It happens . When I heard about the assassination attempt , I felt like it might be her . The night at the airport I found a cartridge . Hand-loaded . One done by her . To a shooter , that is as distinctive as a fingerprint . Once I knew it was her , I tried to stop her . I tried to talk her out of it at the motel the night you saw me . Told her that this was a bad idea . That we were onto her . But I couldn 't bring myself to take her down . She saved my life more than once , Jaime . That-that makes it a little hard to put a bullet in her . Why the hell should I believe any of what you 're saying ? Because I 'm asking you too . You 've gotta believe me on this one . I 'm trying to stop this thing just as much as youare . Wait a minute . If Jonas thinks I 'm in on this , he probably had you feed me some false information about where Rudhan is sitting . He did . - Oh , sheesh . Jaime , that makes this guy an open target . We cannot allow him to die on American soil . You take the president . I 'll take the sniper . And they 're running . It 's a clean start as Imara Victor breaks out rapidly and moves to the inside . Followed closely by Samantha - the horses have reached the back stretch . Setting the pace nicely , followed by Leilani 's Flower . Samantha Cat , moving up on the outside . Trust Fund trying to squeeze through on the rail . And it 's Leilani 's Flower ... Looking to challenge Samantha Cat from second . Montoya goes to the whip to try to bring his filly up . Looks like Siphon can 't shake The Surge by his dandy ! And Moonlight Tango begins to drop back by a length . Still ahead by three lengths . And coming into the final turn , it 's Imara 's Victor ahead by five lengths ! Flowers fading quickly ! Crossbun has moved up ... At the wire ! Yes ! Cover the windows ! Secure the president ! Get back out ! Get them on the move ! Go , go , go ! Julia , stop ! A person doesn 't see what we saw back in ' 02 and forget it . Torture , executions . You 've been working private sector ops too long . But then you were always good at walking away from things . Look , I didn 't walk away from you . I had to complete the mission . You know that . Well , now I 'm gonna finish my own little mission . Take the shot , Antonio . Shut up , Sommers . You should 've listened to her . Copy , 221 . ETA in ten minutes , alert ER on arrival . So she was the one who broke your heart . Sir , you need to keep this on . I had to get out . It was too intense . She always had more nerve than I did . I should 've never left her alone in Africa . Don 't ever let that happen to you , Jaime . It 's not easy ... to live with . I should 've had ... had her back . We 're losing him . Clear ! A negative , charge again . 150 joules . Clear ! First time 's the worst . # I don 't like the things you don 't say # leaving it for such a long , long time # Why do you show me those sad , sad eyes What happened ? # Each time you decide to pass on by I can 't do this . I 'm not cut out for this . # Trying to hold it together Hey , come on . Come on . # Keep my love as light # As a feather # Sad eyes
