 The day after the one nuclear disaster in Texas , ... United States were in a very delicate situation . Third Guerra World cup had begun . The conflicts in the Middle East that you began they implanted new access restrictions to the petroleum for United States . The alternative sources of fuel you they transformed into a very lucrative business . America faced the terrorist threat and in the forests didn 't face the same enemy . EXPANSIBLE PATRIOTIC ACTION Those were increased military points of checkup . To travel to other states it was required to be civic . The prisons increased . The presidential elections of the 2008 they would opt for the vote of a state . The Republic dedicated everything in to assure the state of California . Not it happened this way from 1988 . June of 2008 Boxer 27 Santeros a significant character in Republican Party he / she disappeared without leaving rake . Two days later discovered it in the one desert of Nevada with the erased memory . The government made the possible thing to take it out of California , but the circumstances of their return to Southland , they are still a mystery . One of our soldiers it was wounded yesterday in Iraq . Because of a thrown granda for another member of their unit . The revelation was given to Jesús Christ , for everything that made . What was made belonged to the past , and it was high ... for the angels in a sacred trip . As testimony of God and of Jesus Christ ... And all that saw and all him that this writing will remain , ... this way for all those that they believe , for the whole time . My name is Paulie Aveline and I am a veteran one of the war in Iraq . I will count them the history of Boxer Santeros in their trip for the not taken highway . This is the way in that the world ends . This is the way in that the world ends . This is the way in that the world ends . Not with one winter , the time changed . The search of Boxer continues Santeros , ... their wife Madeleine Frost daughter of Kennedy 's former vice-president ... Bobby Frost has not made comments . The government to red on code for the visas interstate for the matter of possible terrorists ... this weekend and the freeway of Those Ángel will be closed indefinitely . The government prepares measures of security for the festejos of the 4 of Julio since are completed three years of the nuclear attack . HISTORIES DE SOUTHLAND The government decided that it could not take to end a war against the terrorism ... until the space not federal low control was USIDent was the I celebrate controller of Republican Party . Welcome to USIDent . A colossal form of protection false to the patriotic actions . I took a trip less to see this and you have marked the difference . They know , Bobby and me we are so proud . That we can develar the first institution of ident here Southland . She said it . And they will have more ! Boxer Santero came out of the one desert with amnesia . Alone with god it is their skin . Their name was Kristy Kopawski and together they wrote , ... a libretto that predicted our future destruction . Does it care ? The power . The machines of war you they were without fuel . And there was not alternative ... Until one day in that it arrived a scientist with the cure . He would create one giant it schemes that it was in the ocean and it generated a liquid call Flows Karma . and a great net that toward to move big you scheme , ... you scheme that he / she never went to to be stuffed with fuel . It invented something to make this does it scheme generating perpetual ? The ocean is one it schemes generating perpetual . Flow Karma it is a simulation of the workers that come here . While waves exist , it will exist you Flow Karma . Quantum Telexportación . Explain the mechanism it is all that I ask . Flow Karma it works with movement quántico the particles move and . The atomic program that of the administration of the civil defense it was seen by June Callway . Taenia that to see the program atomic , not alone as reporter , ... but as representative of those men and American women . I am Kristy , Kristy Now , and I am here in Malibú today with my invited ones . Unite to us to discuss on those problems that affect to the society of nowadays . Problems like the abortion , terrorism , crime , ... poverty , quantum telecuantismo , I already made my decisions now you take his . ... I believe that it is hour that let us look at ourselves in a mirror . Once you already make it you cannot stop to make it . That should be condemned , it is totally antiético . You believe that to throw you to the floor and ching ... Good ... the violence is not anything good . They know that , I like that me hard chingue . The violence is a problem that it affects the society nowadays , that it is to reason for the that I am this way , I am anal . Not wise that were this way . All those that know something of history knows that the changes , ... social they are not possible without the feminine wickedness . It continues making fun of my profession . But all well inside want to be a star of the pron . Seriously ? Your bisexual nature that he / she lives in negation . Everything for a heap of idiots that , ... 15 disembarked in the century and they undid that the sex was embarrassing . The only thing good that made it was to give the freedom to the Indians . Have you been lying me ? You have to trust my , I am here to protect you . Of the one who ? People there out wants to destroy you . I remember that that day kristy taenia a lunch with a cinema directress Cindy Pendzeki . When I made my first six movies were single Kristy ... but then , to be distinguished of the other ones Kristys that are in this business put on Now . Wow . Good , everything rotates around what happens now. in the 2008 . Non tomorrow , neither next week . If you want to go to bed with me , you can make it now " Wow , that it is the name of your program of TV , Now ? " It is a reality show of debate and discussion . Jewels , government , lines of perfumes good it is a very ambitious business . Can you keep a secret ? Of course . I am catching to a very important man . Wow The search of Boxer Santeros was organized , And their mother-in-law directed it , the wife of the one vice-president Bobby Frost . May Frost . Antigua graduation queen , and directress of NSA . May Frost , please confirm . Identified , Welcome Sra Frost . Thank you the things are very jodidas . Does he / she want to abandon ? No . We know that Bóxer crossed the frontier with California . Not we have found neither a print . We know that somebody is hiding it . That devils toward in Nevada ? We know that it was kidnapped of a Hotel in San Pedro . Somebody stole the information , we know that it crossed the frontier , ... he / she comes toward the computer for to show him / her what we have up to now . these videos were taken by the kidnapper . Is that Boxer ? If The last time that was seen was . If . Is this fume ? If Somehow a began fire , had somebody inside . What ? If , he / she was a cadaver almost in ashy . - Did they already identify the cadaver ? - Not that it is known . Venice Beach was the headquarters of that that you toward undercover . An entire market of strange things . here we go , I joust on time . This is Fortunio Belducci ... their better new friend . Trafficker of drugs , pretty , now he / she walks after some mysterious project , It has been with Fortunio in Manhattan Beach the whole week . Kristy me to engaged a marriage I murder , and maybe some murderous elections . Boxer has not spoken with its wife in one week , her this in the military mapamenteto . You doesn 't imagine where the one has been . The stupid senator 's family and of their dog Grandma handcuffs May . People in Washington already this commenting . It is the last news of the century . It hurts that it is in time of elections . Anything that a magic ball , a star pron and a tattoo cannot fix . Revelation 6.8 : Admire a white horse and the one will be sat down in the , their name will be Death . All the violence of the one world this in this car . If Does he / she hear , is that a bazuka ? No that what you really want is ? I need bullets of salvo of 9 mm . That more needs besides the 9 mm ? It is everything . here this your 9 mm and the bullets . That shit this is ? Not you do accept personal checks ? No , I don 't accept checks . veto of my truck , crazy dog . Dilo again , dilo again . That what you said was ? I don 't hear you , dilo , dilo prostitute son ! Imbecile ! I want to talk about the narcotic that it is injected in the neck these they are human beings You this experiencing with soldiers , it is a fact that one knows and nobody says anything in this respect . They call it Rum Taverner , and it was one of their activists in a I play political dangerous of extortion . Roland , could you hurry sky ? My reflection takes a long time . That they told him / her ? The head was hit in the desert and it returned with amnes These things seem real . Ronald ? They said that they would vibrate . They drugged you and they kidnapped two official , that is against the law affection . If he / she comes here we will make it together . he / she needs to be calmed . The calm helps to face the fears . Promise me that they won 't be harmed . We promise it . Neo had taken a hostage that he / she would help them to expose all the wrongs of USIDent . Their mission was to spend for their twin brother . but their heart was full with scorn . - Official Rum Taerner . - Hello , as these ? When you returned of the desert ? Non memory exactly . That doesn 't care , your these well . And your you need somebody that play police 's part . If exactly . Him but important it is that you it develops in the near future . Ok . The scientists are saying that the one future will be worse of that than it had been predicted . Him but important , I play the part of a police of The Ángel that is not what seems . It is a paranoiac esquizofrénico . With a supernatural don , you see the death . And it feels a change . The world this arriving to their end and the one is the only one that he / she can see the truth . Which the truth is ? My character realizes that those crimes in the world are to cause ... of the deceleration of the Earth . The earth stops to a speed of .00000006 miles per hour every day what develops chemical imbalance , ... in the human causing brain of the criminal behavior . As he / she is solved the problem of global deceleration ? Oh , the he / she is not able to him to solve , single God can . But New York Cheats he / she said that God was dead . So at the end , they die a shooting in downtown ... while I whisper my theory to Dr. Muriel Fox the specialist oceanólogo in disasters . Astrophysicist ! Oceanálogo specialist in disasters ! My character 's name it is Jerry Cocaine . Let us prove . Roland that comes you and the do mention when you kill a man ? Crossing the streets without humanity , it is an elimination process that he / she puts to think . The person that this inside he / she is the true suspect . Or we all are innocent and we wait to be caught and thrown to the arms of the wolves . I believe that we all are civic . we speak the same language , Not you believe that the emotions are they the cause of the crimes ? It depends of like respond to a state of certain humor . Good , there is a cause . I know it , tell me I know honest . To be honest those black they are the cause . The black ones ? If Each word . These joking ? No , I am not joking . Alone I am you jodiendo . It is a good joke . If , he / she said black . Not I am sure , maybe let us should erase this . Ask him / her on their wife . Then that he / she thinks your does it handcuff of your new girlfriend ? My wife ? If She had to swallow you that left it for a star pron . Not I am married . He / she could swear that you were married with the senator 's daughter Bobby Frost . good but not . And not I have idea of who is . For that make all those questions , alone I want to speak of my movie . Let us speak of your movie . That it really tries ? Among all the things he / she hides a secret . A young couple leaves the one hospital with their he / she drinks newly born . While it lapses one week the one he / she drinks and the one drinks he / she begins to get complicated . Maybe the one drinks he / she has a cold . No , it is a he / she drinks very special . This drinks it processes the energy in a different way . The Revelation 11 speak of of two men that appeared in Jerusalem to speak Preposition of the humanity 's sins . Finally they die because of those tormenting prophecies . Not you can doubt , the type is a shit . That it happens if this writing in the Bible or if not this writing in any place . Not this writing in the Bible but it is the law of the nature . All the dirts of the world even that of the animals . And they like it , you want it to make , do they have voice ? If I believe that they like . My answer is not . We will never agree , we should stop to discuss . We should make many things and we should leave of here . Look who arrived . You arrive late . the shit is big . Did they already see to the type of USIDent ? If of course . Boy , when this he / she wakes up , him you inject with that that this there inside . Neo workers recruited this boy of USIDent to work hidden . Miss , can it return me my coat ? Thank you But their misfortune was to trust in their colleague , Starla Vann Loved . The senator Bobby Frost beginning their campaign to collect funds , Also , the campaign will be good to tranquilize to the protectors of the environment , ... that they oppose you to the new fuel for their environmental repercussion . ... in order of increasing the votes that they are made with the print dactilar ... for the next elections . Sacred God ! the information to those adolescents are not a crime . Mr. , I believe that it is worse . How devils can it be worse ? This arrived inside a box with a sender not identified call : DPro2 good we discover who are . Who are and that they want ? We are DPro2 , the dog this of turn and he / she has Boxer Santeros , ... engraving in positions compromising . A million dollars cash and revoke the proposal 69 . Srta . DPro is the senator Bobby Frost , I watched their movie and I believe that it is a garbage . Therefore we won 't negotiate with terrorists and , ... if he / she believes that it will take money out of this him I will say that he lacks a lot to still travel . Ok that doesn 't go a long way the one panic , we will pass to the plan B. Which the plan is B ? Not me you said there was a plan B. Well , not and without offending we are trying of stopping the result of this election . Proposal 69 , for Kristy that number taenia a single meaning . For all the other ones that number was a mean to stop the oppressive power of USIDent . My parents didn 't stop to pay taxes , we will never get rid of this terror , NOT vote . I believe that the conference of it presses had concluded , thank you . Always the rich idiots . They are a pile of imbeciles that nobody he / she chose . They are a handful of hollow heads . Don 't tell me what I should to make with my body ok ? I have a question for the supreme court , ... what it happens when a woman has sex in a flight of London to The Ángel ? The airplane comes out in the morning of London then crosses the Meridian , ... and it arrives the morning before the elections . The soldiers arrested to a group of Marxist neo The plan B was in he / she practices , a long shot of destroying USIDent . Inject me again he / she drinks . Not I see for that this is necessary ... it was not part of the plan . I will tell it to you again , Deon and I am icons of the culture , If I already see , reciting poetry they renovated the idea of the American dream . If , at least we are not comedians of second . Alone because it is high not he / she means that it is amusing . I will forget what dog said , sometimes a dream one can , Already leave that ! When we will be clever ? , they will be here in one hour . That of the teeth was a great idea . Thank You Saura . There is a punetera barricade , now same east place is a madness . No , I told you that him I attempted with the countersign , ... good you already heard me they are 15 minutes to destroy the barricade . That you joda ! And do you know what ? Nany Mae Frost can die . Kill him . Salt of there ! No He / she hears it I won 't make , and it won 't leave . Eliminate it Awake , awake , let us go ! Who are ? I don 't know it Take it to you . He doesn 't know who is . Promise me that you will find it ! I promise it Ok , veto for the window . I had a crazy dream . Count me I wake up and in a tank of garbage and the walls are of sand while I walk slowly toward a source of light and to see somebody that he / she was waiting for me . Who ? Your . At some time you have felt that there is as 1000 people contained inside you ? Sometimes . But your memory maintains them meetings . Evita that all those people fight to each other . Maybe in the bottom it is all it that we have left it , the gospel of the memory . Do you excuse me one second ? If The Small world of the books He / she Is the Doctor Inga Baam West Charmed He is a very good specimen Divine What happens now from now on it will be your responsibility . We read your terror work The Power . " As they got it ? Very afraid Sr shines . Santeros . It is exactly as you imagine . This is the way in that it is the world . Without a bank . These making the surveillance of the bathrooms . LAX Partner is worried for Starla takes making the surveillance of those bathrooms already a time ago . Starla had lowered a copy of the movie of Santeros from the place Web of Kristy . So obsession took it to one spiritual transformation . She assumed the paper of Dra . Muriel Fox and alone she could solve the mystery . Does official Taverner , copy me ? Ahead . Possible fight tames in 14000 Lonleyplace , does it copy me ? Received . Will we catch a suspect ? so seems Transform , he / she breathes . He / she dreams Jodete ! If your also ! I caught it very rich . Did you like it ? I loved it ! Your prostitute ! Also me chingué yesterday ! Your shit prostitute . Don 't aim me with the finger . I will kill you ! If you kill me I call to the police ! As , as ? You will be dead ! I know people ! They are some professionals ! Shhhh ! I hate you ! I also hate you ! Not you can be my wife ! Not I want a damned one I engage he / she likes to suckle penises ! Oh , looks , another official of the law . Holitas ! That you make outside of your jurisdiction ? Not I believe that there are jurisdictions ! We all are with all . Boxer Santeros ? Good afternoon official . I am making investigations for my movie . I find that you will need support . I believe that I can manage this . No , I believe that you needed some support . Imbecile idiot ! Oh God ! Not you can if to have sex ! What ? Jódete ! Not I can believe that I married you ! That carajo passes them ! Is that Roland ? He / she listens this pig : The Fascists not they will dominate me , the Revolution will be made , ... of the their subjective elections my vagina won 't depend . That is an original poem of Dream . oh shit ! The game finished . My tears run . That sounded high and I miss . They were inoffensive . This is now my matter , this way that you release yourself of here Santeros . Not these here really . Who I am ? Not it is your problem , now release you of here . It was double an inspiring idea , a murder made by a policeman of range recorded in tape by one movie star with a political record . But nobody could advance the stormy one arrival of official Bart Bookman . Shit ! Hello Jerry Cocaine Is ? If , Dr speaks to him / her . Muriel Fox , I have decoded the information of all the generators . A corrosion in the layer has produced a desbalance in the space of continuous time . My resurrection ? It was in the desert , You are as me and there is more . But I cannot speak here They are listening . Record this number , 310-691-6496 . Treer Saltair of the one 2008 will arrive soon . Thank you , it is a great honor and a I privilege to be here , thank you ... What I have just seen was two cars having sex ? Certainly . That was unpleasant . It is that European way of seeing the things . Ohh . Already never more we will bury the spirit of the nets , Never but no idiotic neo will deny the mejestuocidad of our ocean . Hello Jerry Cocaine speaks to Him / her . What ? Jerry Cocaine speaks to him / her . Boxer ? Who speaks ? Where you are ? I Am in Venice Beach , I don 't know in that leaves . Boxer , listens you go to Low Tavern , this the end of the channel of Venice , ... in Boulevard Washington , is a restaurant . Stay there until the one senator will look for you . You go to Low Tavern in the channel of Venice , quick . We have it . Shit ! It is an urgent matter with respect to Boxer Santeros . That you mean with which not this available one ? Not it is true ! You tell Vaughn Smallhouse that he / she doesn 't enter with DPro2 . ! As carajo they want that he / she sends him / her an I chant , ... to a star of but if not I can talk with the one on the phone ! Allow me to tell you something Terry , when the shit has fans all they smell equally . It is true ! Not you what you / they have made but they have me that to promise that he won 't come out wounded . Not it is person 's type that they think that it is . Sr. Santeros ! That good , they have the head of the one neomarxista Tony Brown and their girlfriend , ... that it was made call Dream , name real : Veronica Thousands . Deon and Dream are dead . He are not , they were pretenders . They were not it ! If ! We made two pretenders . It seemed that they were dead ! If , that is what you leave ! That he / she spends ? You have been lying me the whole time Saura ! You these returning paranoiac Rum . I am listening to boys . I believe that I want to leave home because I don 't want to be wrapped in this . Ok , Ben vetoes good luck . If it stops you also , keep the skates . Consider them a gift . Take care . Release you of here . Revelation 22 : So that never but it is darkness again doesn 't have little light because the light of God it will be shining on them . They will reign for always . Two residents of Venice they were discovered dead today , ... after having had one look domestic dispute . Verónica Thousands an artist that you toward calling , The well-known couple as John and Joko of Venice underground ... Excuse Mister , he / she has a cellular that can use ? Local call ? If . Thank you Official Roland Taverner ? The revelations 12 and 13 count the history of a pregnant woman , ... a dragon and two beasts . Boxer Santeros has arrived . They are the antichrist 's mascots . That ... do you have amnesia ? Your you are my wife ! God ! Oh ... I am so happy that you are alive ! Did you get the tape ? When you will pay me ? Soon he / she drinks . I am cheap but I don 't leave . I already see . They will pay us a lot of money . To destroy it . These very jodida without that movie . Look for it and bring it to me right now . We think that a group Marxist neo kidnapped you . Cockroaches ! Care with what says Mister . If Ms. Kristy had arrived Mister . Not I can wait to know it . Sexual games who does carajo make this shit ? He / she hears , she has just taken out their pop own album . This not this well , mantén the one heart and the opened mind . Her this developing their own one reality show , their line of clothes , ... perfume and their own one energizing drink that I proved and he / she knows very well . Thank you . Can I see the sexual games ? No , you don 't see that one has put on trap ? Were they made some video together ? If If there is one . Ok , we have to give him / her to this prostitute what she wants . That you find a million dollars and we accept the proposition 69 . Is your also of DPro2 ? Not I am in that movie . Dad , we have to give him / her what she wants to have that DVD and it will be closed case . This is extortion affection . A million dollars are a lot of money and we don 't negotiate with terrorists . Sexual games 2 ! If this comes out to the light the elections ended . It is a year of elections Bob ... It is true Bob we should pay although DPro 2 can be silenced . Remove him / her their bank bill we have agreement prenupcial , and you know that ... ? Perhaps be good moment to tell you that I am pregnant of your son ! This pregnant one ? If you will be grandfather . Srta . Kristy somebody involved it in this ? If , the he / she made it ! . He paid me so that he / she brought to Boxer of the safe and sound desert . Barry , is this certain ? No . Not begin . All of the same one are side . Barret would never sabotage the campaign . In who you will trust Bob a Prize Nobel in sciences or in a pron star ? Not him you dad , would not trust the because it is famous in the movement of the neomarxistas . What ? As you dare ? Those clowns they know less than Karl Marx that of your mom . No , your you have been sabotaging this campaign privately from inside . Have much care with who point with the finger ... because recently I knew that these pregnant of Brandt , ... and I have the tests of blood that they prove it . Mr. Takahashi has accepted the terms of the treatment . We have to reach an agreement with DPro 2 . Brandt , can you come a moment ? I love you Jerry Cocaine . Hello . Jerry Co ? If You go to the base of the chapel you Santa Mónica , there you will find that that these looking for . These are the shades of the light of the tomorrow , shades of the sun of the afternoon , ... and to illuminate the shades one . Go before it is very late ! The boss speaks , cut the energy . That it is this way . What the gentleman says is the true . He appears without reason . There are not them helped before without you be requested it ? He has the life in their hands . Shake hands him / her and feel their force ! And he / she will curse them for their sins . Barrtr had been experiencing with soldiers in Iraq . Flow Karma , the elixir of God . Infected in the neck . Alone for a fuel comes home to live eternally . He / she Says that the Flowing Karma it is safe but you rehúsa to publish the report of the impact environmental of this fuel . The search of global dominance of Barret it was almost completed . The negotiations with the Prime minister of Japan they were to be carried out . Takahashi was willing to change one of their fingers for the shortcut to the Flowing Karma . Bastard ! You said a finger I don 't flow it ! Really ? Your lawyers not they read the whole contract . It specifies a margin of six inches of error in the court radio . Please make an impression in brass of the hand of Mr. Takahashi , The temperatures in the one desert continues increasing . This type is not a joke so don 't waste their time . Marvin has arrived . Is a can ? It is medicinal . I have seen all your movies are very good . Already you that I am good , tell me something that doesn 't know . My dad is his plastic surgeon . Are you my surgeon 's son ? If Don 't tell me , as these ? Send greetings to your father . Tell him / her that I will call it . If He / she hears , let us return to the businesses . That it happens ? It is Flowing karma . Me and my boys are very well with that . You forgot all that dirt of the marijuana , ... and everything the rest . The blue new dream . When you take this languages with God . If to say a word , you hear their voice . And angels appear using black parasols . Ángel that you will see to measure that the time passes . My face in one of those dreams . Per centuries the behavior patterns that they existed in the ocean they were the hunt , It was this way as the life it arrived at our planet . The city this full with enthusiasm and longings for what will open up in any moment . These majestic ones scheme activated with what we call Flowing Karma . Hello Kristy . Saura Ahead . For that have it . It is alone a situation . That what you want is ? I will make a party to celebrate the beginning of my reality sho Do you have drugs ? Clear . The box of Pandora stayed exposed to curious eyes . Where you got this ? He / she hears they come here . For that have mystery it is ? I have the tape of the movie of Boxer in my wallet . That you will make with her ? This would rot joder the elections . There is one it paginates in Internet ... you show the tape , ... people will protest in front of the headquarters of USIDent and the government won 't have as remaining silent them . And like I can enter and the central net ? Not him you , speaks with the neomarxistas they have a net for the whole city . Avelaine is one of the suspects terrorist that you / they put the bomb in Texas . Give me the gun . I need your help . I need you to help me to to find my brother . Ok Put on your belt . Good , DPro 2 imagine . Is the only copy ? Non work in distributions , yes it is the only copy . Oh please , would like me to ask him / her some questions . Ahead , ask . As you can sleep at night ? Because I sleep very well , thank you . Until I heard screams in the neighboring house . Because USIDent this putting an end to my neighbor 's house . Because you listened some false informations , for one of their friends . Maybe you are not afraid of a terrorist attack because me if . Maybe this doesn 't collide to you Sr. Smallhouse but I lost two people in Abelaine . Two of my former one - husbands . That you will make with all that money ? I will distribute my documentaries I will help some women in the Mean Guide to drink some civil freedoms . He / she knows what you / they mean those two words , Civil rights ? You have made them disappear . Bo knows that , your you will go Cindy below Pinzeeky . It is this way I know your name . Not I believed that he / she had to make this but I feel very generous today , Do I like " that is ? A electrified in their eggs . You should know that there is another tape somewhere around . Many but that incriminate to their friend Boxer Santeros in a double murder . He will find difficult but of a million to put their hands in that . Because nobody jode to Cindy Pinzeeky . Jodete , he-goat . Wow , if ! It is a dog , Kristy , he / she stole the It will put it and all they will see it . Her he / she probably thinks that it is another thing . I will kill her . That , you this returning madwoman . You believe that their personal prophecy is but important that my to protect to my family ? If the government not those it stops I will make it . Vote it doesn 't stop the proposal 69 . The president was received with a warm welcome There is big bad hidden that you they practice the human beings . The president 's conference it began with the price ascent of the fuel that you / they threaten the economy of California . Big earthquakes are reported in Santa Mónica 's coast . They grow in magnitude . The seismologists they notice on a great earthquake ... I sit down a premonition . The danger is close . To their health . Shit Boxer Santeros . These well ? The information that I obtained it can kill me . But it is a risk that he / she takes . THE destination of the world depends on you . If . You should approach the magazepellin . The secret that you look for this hidden one in the secret camera of Barrent . Which is the secret ? There is a dead body that they brought of desert . They found it in your room . Do kill somebody ? They are listening , seeing . If he / she is successful , remind me my love , my name . I will make it . I want to suck you it . If you don 't allow me to make it , I will kill myself . He / she waits , he / she waits . Take off the pants now , or I will kill myself . - Take off them . - ok . Ok , Jerry Cocaine I will make your dream reality . And it will transform you into a woman . He / she rents a room in Shudders , I like it . Well , we are in problems . They are in silver truck . Look for in the interview with Krista . Alias Krista Now , blond , medium . He / she has a tape that is the objective . There is a car . Well this lit one , we go . I want a real one as a movie . As a television show but it is a movie . Because the new ones technologies are the best . Specially now that all this so strange one . - Well . - If , it is this way . Mr. , she wants to kill me . Salt of the mean . All care . Krista , I will kill you stupid prostitute . Fascist pig . We go . - hello . - where these ? I am close . Ok , well . Fortunio was always in it nominates it of Barrens . Their you order they were to surrender to the one specimen before the evening . Not there is returned now . You are a good friend . Cindy taenia a ticket for the fair Jenny West . Unfortunately not a guest could take . The darkness key on the city . The neomarxes bandages they appeared in the center . They celebrated the festivities with a concert in the center . Elliot anger with their family . While Frost anger to the one launching of the megazepellin . It will consume their lives . There he / she can see a car bomb that it exploded he / she makes moments . Why did you want to kill yourself ? They recruited me . I have to go to Iraq , it is difficult . Not I can with that , well I kill myself quick and simple . - Fallujah . - Were You in Iraq ? How did you leave man ? He / she is not interested . A boy crosses the frontier of Mexico , there I and my brother go . Not you have a visa . You said something when you slept . You dressed the tomorrow 's shades . Shades of the sun of the night . And between the shades and the light , they unite . - What does he / she mean ? - 3 days . The ends . Everything finishes today . It will be tremendous when they see me today . Well made . Will it be well ? As they say alone the time will say . What does this mean ? There is a road to finish our suffering . You should take it . Did You Take the DVD of Deep Throat 2 ? Affirmative , I go live in tonight . How long it will be active the Web before they knock down it ? That you speak to me , don 't worry , he / she enjoys the rest of the party . Alone we look for to the black ones . This is now mine , Santero . - Santeros has arrived . - Well . How do I happen ? Taenia a check . I dreamt last night with which you died . Mr. Santeros , him they request in the suite , alone . I won 't leave . Welcome . Revelation 22 . We will see each other again . He / she brings each man 's recompense , of agreement like he / she deserves it . Mr. Santeros , Welcome to the fleet Marx . Among please . Is it deaf or stupid ? I told him / her that it lowers that . There he / she has , well among . You are about winning the elections . California this very close ... Ok , like say affection . - Why not this here ? - Not he / she left the position . It is time of a surgical incision . I can smell it from below . Not now , Denis . The neomarxistas has infiltrated the buildings , he / she has to leave . Ok , this whole first floor control . - he / she has to leave of there . Gentlemen , I present them Megazapelin . The project calls you Serpentine fairy of dreams . The generator inside Utopia 3 , ... it has achieved movement perpetual feigned . The impact of this , it has reduced the speed of the planet , ... at a level that certain environmental anomalies happened . One of those which , he / she was discovered at the beginning of this year . It was a rupture in the fourth dimension . A space rupture and time , far from here . Outskirts of Lake Meade . If . As I imagine it in their libretto . And what we made when do we discover the rupture ? We send monkeys toward the one . Alone the humans can survive that . The soul of the monkey is not able to to survive the dimensional threshold . That learned and in that moment the they Sweep he / she decided , ... that the first human that I will travel for the rupture , ... serious a movie star . Why me ? For their fame and the political bonds . They were an irresistible combination . As they show those picture at 10 : 51 o 'clock to. m . ... and this is before 69 minutes that I go by the rupture . A copy of you appeared . I travel 69 minutes toward behind in the time . And in that moment its me future and that of the past , ... they faced . Am I then that of the future ? And am the one that I travel for the rupture ? And this is all it is him of its me past . This body , this device , .. this existent jewel of an unique soul . It could decipher the one I secrete of the creation . Of the humanity . Not I understand , never consider to kill me . I am a pimp . And the pimps don 't make it . Not we know that it would happen if two human identical souls , ... and the recipients in that they travel they would be . Of where you took out this ? Welded Avali . Have you bled ? Your friend , pilot . That I pass in Fallujah , it was not an accident . They called it fire friend . And the soldier Taverner not that is forgiven that made me . To where we go ? To the center . Tenesmo that to go there . We have to look for a truck . I can feel it . Will you enter ? He / she takes what you can , while you can . We need ... Welcome . He / she says that the transition this refused . What do I make ? We will take ourselves the cashier to Mexico . Stop for the hymn . I present to Rebecca of the River . Teverner , how these ? The truck of the ice cream . Terri . You were too far . This alive one ? It was always this way . You made sure that Taverner he / she went with me to the rupture . And you destroyed the trucks for remote . What means that I don 't commit suicide . You are a pimp , and they don 't commit suicide . There you are right . Roland Taverner and its is twin the same one , not ? Two identical souls , wandering for the earth . Coexisting , killing unconscious . What would it happen , if they were shaken hands ? The fourth dimension would collapse . Stupid dog . The ocean has the control . And this is the tower of the fire . We have to evacuate . Of what do you speak ? No . We go . These well ? Well made soldier . He / she takes this , you cannot fail . Vámonos . Gentlemen I present them ... Taenia that to be this way . Him you . - He will die . - One cannot make anything . This is an orgy or something this way ? What devils do they make ? Evacuate the atrium , go to the tip . No , all of turn to their seats . Or I kill myself , I swear him for heaven 's sake . I will make it . We have to come unfastened . - Not I can . - Come unfastened . If the truck falls , both die . Allow me to kill me . - You won 't make it . - I swear him to you . - You won 't make it . Gentlemen the party you ends up . It lowers the weapon . This is the end , I can already shoot , ... and to wake up and all this finished . Our mission is to destroy the ambivalence . To dethrone to God . Official Taverner , they are the same one . Don 't you remember ? - Of Fallujah ? - I remember everything . Gentlemen , it is this way like the world finishes . Not without style but without vanity . But there is hope that at the end , ... we can make sure for an undeniable truth . Nobody mounts a polla like Krista . And I say nobody . That type this lunatic , take out me of here . NOT it was our blame . It was not it . Allow me to shoot . - I forgive you . - Fire friend . - I forgive you . - Fire friend . - I forgive you . - Fire friend . - I forgive you . - Fire friend . I forgive you , I forgive you . Revelation 21 . And God you clean those you cry of their eyes , ... so that the new Messiah he / she could see new Jerusalem . Their name was Official Taverner , of California . My best friend . He is a pimp and , ... and the pimps don 't commit suicide .
