 doyou likethe hot day yes how didn 't I thought but ... seem to have a little yes because of have so of work work outstanding the front always is a did not rain ? . yes that I have been take the umbrella like very much is an umbrella ? . Fold the umbrella I like to fold the umbrella only have to become big at the time of need I like very much I walk this place not good at all pretty disorderly yes is an umbrella nothing important welcome you keep the cat not , is not something to keep it occasionally plays of is a Mountain cat how don 't know from where come if say the words of the Mountain cat all is all a Mountain cat but arrived me to come here behind don 't think that it is a Mountain cat the words that say so , I also am wild all of the on the hoof thing are wild is so ? . this is dry and tender shoot eat well very much I like very much immerse and will inflate to become very big in very delicious of this go everything suppose the is on this I like to eat very much increase the flavor do you always cook a meal by yourself yes , I like the oneself to cook a meal very much like that flavor usually thus does your wife not do ? . now is so not together will not do did not live together yes have a little she lives together with daughter and my viewpoint dissimilarity do you have the daughter I have a daughter , where all similar how old is she ? . 0 years old a daughter yes to , monthly salary how much ? . to say that ... then plus the vice - income total 300,000 to provide the building yes you go generally where play ? . that ... if the words that can get , still want of but does I am not a position that says this kind don 't is that so the work 0 or so welcome I want the black east noodles good of want a black east noodles general how long come once yes , a week is 2,3 times ,3 times ? . is a frequent caller yes always eat the black east always eat the black east in addition to black east in addition to black east face , did not eat other have no ? . have no in addition to black east face other come when generally I do not remember the most recent of many do you know that he is a big Japanese ? . don 't know , so that 's why very good yes , don 't ijudge a person by his appearance do you usually come to this park yes my daughter usually come to here that think of very much see the time here in fact I want a boy do you like the boy ? . say with it is to like do not think to be at me this generation be over sense of responsibility hav have so of certainly I have not yet give up still want to living 1 ? . say with it to is a rebirth a certainly not that does girl does not go I am this plan want to believe so also play now and daughter ? . the ... of now monthly once do how of does the matter play ? . be that very common go to the movie don 't go to take a trip ? . don 't go to take a trip in fine don 't know that want to work when my daughter wants to go to school must want the appearance act right away therefore can 't go to take a trip can 't go to the overseas have never gone to overseas I have no passport that ... want to give up that is is not to have the anti American sentiment I like also protect the Japanese parlance that is few do you not like the United States if say the words of the anti-American sentiment certainly in this ages have no hostile matter such education accept to order a little bit ? . have a little to feel do not think too many this kind of matter what 's the matter with you hello embarrassed , can can stop camera why is a business in work hello hello is a seem of that is concerning role where ? . is the business of the role know know hurry up so is , I wait you is how that ... probably will rise the function and also does not know function ? . I am waiting the contact is a want to walk probably can continue so descend go to to continue is good do you like Europe is Europe ? . that , sorry I connect the telephone good hello hello can so that 's why , is , know is , the second know please close much to shine on how I wanted to walk now yes , I must to go to here not , I must to return is the business of the work ? . Is a work mountain city Sir mountain city Sir I came to night I received the order to rush through to come know sorry , etc . I am gather news let me go in good not want ijust a while can can go in don 't go very quick be over don 't go , sorry please don 't go can clap here so , from the here good the wild beast that close occasionally will come out startle the person emerge its temperament can so everyone sees the nhk so that 's why this is good but does this is not so good you BE manager how long from 2002 ,5 years ? . Yes very busy still go the recent viewer rating is not very good is not recent after grow up how to come back ? . ignore him , he will come back is a boy what can 't so very small ? . yes continuous ... seem so of is much small ? . ,3 days but after come back very quick will walk your socks are very beautiful is a what is that ? . is a dragon very hot excellent this is the bed good big saying can 't come in the here still sleep so I also wanted to return still have the sponsor to want to come don 't want to be thus next time then see this is the big Japanese , how feel fit construct see did not see do not like ? . will trouble me saw once very big trouble although like to play very much previous of very beautiful recover completely formerly ? . yes I feel is to recover the oneself is also not very clear probably the cat does not seek and also will beat to be tired once that wants to see the circumstance can arrive next monster to come out can take a rest don 't know , is today probably also don 't know the location can 't take a rest want to ready to there are a lot of photographs here who is what this is big ? . that is the fourth generation the fourth generation ? . The fourth generation be in fine is my grandpa is your grandpa ? . be that that is the ages that the bubble economy like each night everyone gets together to revel maid is that have 50 many personal now ? . the fourth generation not , maid have no maid have no maid completely that wages still goes have no so of circumstance so , time wanted to enijoy flower a month go to very many the oneself pay also not regrettable everyone will rob to provide the funds now the oneself will provide the funds before why so popular ? . that is because of because of the quantity of the monster a lot of how to say such industry is seldom seen now onlies have me everyone for monster ... think to have the vitality very much will not appear the monster now did not handle before I am not very clear is a gold period seemed to have the many people sees now is a dead hour to send out yes , dead hour yes : 00 is many is 2 : 00 many the viewer rating return all right I do not know today go where today is hear that the central region appears the monster there are a lot of electric wires there I want to go to there how many places does whole country have ? . now is a ... there are a few places in whole country still have eight princes in green to have a pl there almost did not be used for does the past is a lot of whole hear that the century have 52 places 2 place ? . in all a place also had no the words that are in all , change the body not to especially does the idea go there to change the the big rattan the Sir was been called the monst yes is a monster generally is call monster in fine be to us is not a monster is not suspicious we must resist in the actuality if have what suspicious words blend among them general call the monster in the high China Times thought such matter I want to certainly is that so don 't confirm ? . don 't confirm ? . whether so think only on the other hand start out the self-defence forc don 't is better ? Such opinion ? . that this kind of not intentional opinion I occasionally will hear that have no meaning this kind of thing of tradition should how to think ? . is certainly very complex result is the living creature and living creatures resist then weak living creature the appearance of the dying see for the living creatures this kind of culture I absolutely can 't despise the living creature of the end is who ? . in fine only type of the Cape fairy seem the toy similar those things that can control the generation that want to tidy up is children ? . children ... include the children is not very clear can the here go in ? . I want to have no matter do you wait slightly ? . good I am a big rattan of pain he to gather news can let him go in ? . have no matter of good you good you good beginning I came in back bottom change the time of body , always such felling yes , such felling right always this appearance yes yes in fine , recent have a little the depravity this rites at is more solemn and impressive formerly is very regular at more early previous start yes , from long ago start the rites must want to be regular don 't do now all right ? . also is not to say thus the ages contain very big change have no regularity must change the body here not ... he occasionally come to here don 't is a here all right yes must to hold the rites have no rites all right don 't hold all right ? . why does that to hold the rites ? . that ... because of thus best therefore ... sorry , sorry can encore ? . can encore ? . start whence embarrassed beginning come in please back bottom you think what ijustice is ? . ijustice ? . the ijustice is a ... positive such as typeface meaning is a ... ijustice is very difficult how ijustice ijustice ... have the ijustice ijustice to say so-called ijustice who say that is a ijustice ? . personal have personal viewpoint everyone thinks that the oneself is right I thinks that that is the ijustice therefore is this a ijustice ? . here in the world is you think what life is , life ? . is a life ? . so-called life is very difficult so-called life the own life is here life still ... from generation to generation continue next that consecution is a life say that the oneself is a life death ijust the oneself die the oneself dies this matter is very important whether have the more important matter compare with the life the life is certainly important life kill people get hurt ignore is a garbage , is all a life animal also is this kind of thing is most the ... bounce the monster from high get empty to ijump down will call , prosperous , prosperous this is the temperament that bounces the monster please and do not cover the chest virtuous pull.The thunder of virtuous pull.The thunder of started thanks thanks will start the big rattan does the Sir usually come yes , at the time of grow wildly work usually come sorry , you is what relation we ? . is a friend the friend of the childhood friends the relation has is good since past very is the felling of the good friend you how to treat the big rattan Sir 's work is very hard I also saw his body will transform is that very painful after refresh , if the words that I become big after become big , save the person have thus of want to help to help others mother 's mulberry , how old are you how , you see I be like how old ? . 0 ... s 0 ? You divided too whether you divided too or not don 't say to is 20 years old 0 years old divided too 8 years old is or so dislike mother 's mulberry ? . sorry does mother s mulberry not go to does mother 's mulberry not go to dangerous don 't has been clap caution point thanks then see caution point mother 's mulberry , you careful point see you tomorrow , good evening then see the sub - young lady of the city , you are very big H 'm ? . Good big yes how many ? . 7 or so she still small , can 't contrast is the tooth correct yes , correct medium is her president ? . Is her president president president president president president president dislike , you are here , then see spring someone How are you , I am a big rattan of you good this thanks is the No.3 room yes isthe No.3 room yes disrespectful come to here how long ? . grandpa about three years is at stunned old is a , have what strange activity ? . yes his meeting mouth in turn around in the evening have a little the grandpa is very hard whether eat too many medicines at the time of youngly eat too many medicines have the subsidy of come from the nation say conveniently once , your father how result my father he also has the responsibi is accountable probably my father died young time want to be larger because of do overdo abrupt death of take but generation of is the fourth generation grandpa of my house connect the son 's share all want to be long-last b this is my ijudgment , I think become everything very big that is suddenly change of this have a little not good therefore also have problems moreover because of the brains cleverness but slip away become big actually have no hello the grandpa went out escaped from the hospital tower of Tokyo to big Japanese how does this do ? . is so this is the matter that the fourth generation this heel which does generation do irrelevant I am again how diligent the sponsors all be missing I thank you for this but I how all go what do you are say ? . the sponsors all be the officer of that I do not know that is the broker of you do I ? . is the fourth generation ? . you are the fourth generation ? . is the fourth generation this exactly is what be like such ? . have your circumstance that do not know the circumstance of your home please want to be a little bit in peace and harmo I am working hard thus in fine business concerning sponsor this month or next month I want to return I do not go do not let that I has been say only have me and don 't go isn 't thus very good this is the last one time my in the mind know you are say what , current you the sponsor will not come of you give me proper can but I said that don 't go now that asks you to arrange somehow nothing doing matter you don 't say so you do not get angry to me this is absolutely nothing doing that is my policy ignore the other people how say , this absolutely if do the words of my broker you be good friends with to like to remember this stare the monster stare the enemy locate the new have the characteristic of the moment soundly asl this is the temperament that stares the monster what monster is that ? . I do not know is the next time when ? . the numeral is good very yes the peacetime is 7 % yes liked too I want to see very much morning good best early can talk with you once this car is very good is , very all right is what you buy is new car ? . H 'm how much ? . 00,000 ? . Excellent half half pay in full ? . your dog good big what name does it call ? . it calls the new bridge at underneath of is to call virtuous add rare the virtuous add rare ? . you is now to work ? . Is take the dog ? . H 'm unimportant H 'm , it is lovely which ? . two all very good virtuous ? . which ijust virtuous ? . did you see the numeral last time ? . yes , I saw very good give your blessing still do that ? . yes if does neighborhood still have and then liked want to beat with big Japanese how ? . I saw me see how ? . That is not so good does that is not so good ? . I also see see ? . compare with to be beat by the person like to hit persons is same don 't want to be too child 's play want to see a little bit serious of have a little sad the Japanese wants to invigorate again to order yes , so like certainly I will support , feel very good do you have the car ? . have not yet buy have not yet buy you mean to say what be that I want to let you investigat the inquisition I now ijust investigate tell me possibly don 't escape and then knew that time I know that time escape not good ? . you are a broker do not say that I escape very strange because you escaped show me very clearly that is very good I am not to escape , that time only have to do so you saw also know in fine see to be unlike the Japanese that is which national ? . don 't know our neighboring country Japan annoyed the general to punish the big Japanese is that is that is very difficult that give me the daughterly gift give the daughterly gift don 't know to buy what good I bought the hat hat is to give me daughterly my daughter says to like of I do not know where to sell you see come very happy is not such similar to peacetime I think to be quickly see the daughterly face how long did not see ? . is an about month always come to this store yes my wife 's old house near I have come right away since past here don 't think is big man 's doctrine this is by coincidence you are very happy is not such is very common yes I want to see the daughter January is once but does I have the work can 't has been come the here possible words , everyday ... I think that the daughter thinks so is very difficult hello you at dry ? . how don 't know I did not say with you that to take down have no matter do not be nervous some matterses all have no whether you made up or not at do what you do that kind of strange work how you say is explain by you and don 't is very good sorry I will bring the daughter can of words , hope that you do not clap her face don 't know to want to be taken down today can of words , use the mosaic do not need to use the mosaic if were known by the person she will be humiliat will not be humiliate by the person of your voice is a lot too big how , have no what shy matter if do the words of the big mosaic go I also beat , she also beats if beat the mosaic as long as clap you do not go , we do not want do not beat the mosaic have no other way horses do you like father don 't know you how to treat father 's work ? . don 't know do you want father ? . how all go how long see a side ? . is a half a year once half a year ? . Is is deathless January once not , the half a year is once very good he is to say January once that is the limit have no divorce plan divorce of I I plan to divorce don 't know that how he is say of have connection with kid still to the love that child pour into will not pour into yes the big rattan the Sir says that the girl also that is absolute nothing doing is this not not good how to see all feel not good absolutely dislike what work do you do now ? . I am in the friend s store now help is the president there is my friend the competition is more vigorous so that 's why is this videotape is can give the rattan the Sir see is , that is certainly is such felling felling good is not such plan is such circumstance your husband what kind of person ? . is a very common Japanese summer terribly hot yes probably will not rain today the insurance rises to see very hot yes very hot appear the monster strange flavor monster the body will send out the strange flavor this is the temperament of the strange flavor mon what is the row you at dry what ? . because of you here have many inconvenient do you know ? . I do the strange flavor monster for a lot of year need not you to say in fine do you can t come to city you quickly escape the outskirts you this consider as what take the stick what is that ? Terrible facial expression each other each other bothersome I say , that big , in this kind of time who is a big ? . What ? . what ? . I do not know your age you stand only here will let the traffic ijam this I ignore , chase the car and did not go thus you do not be thus will trouble automobile of do not the ... do not be thus you do not make the broken glass die I am to protect this national you shut up you from where come the pass west roll to return I ijust come what is your purpose ? . can 't tell you you quickly roll you see has been come after I come of etc . what is that ? . is to think and who contest ? . yes , want to beat with me has been come after me not ... this does not go at here the matter take place so is absolute noth you looking at he is still a kid , ijust 10 how old absolutely have no matter of not ... do not be thus absolutely don 't go I knew who will manage him he is ijust a simpleton but does he have the enthusiasm very much only the want to start the voice became big you are true vexed etc . , you mean to say what you also say to him you you , please do not be thus you are do what , you have many excitements in spite of the complete felling does not arrive you are a wo this consider as what the monster of the to return to the outskirts this is the temperament of the monster of the still have the mission mother mother I want to hurry this how to say is a different thing at the time of turning the last one turn differ a lot of even differ to have no so many still know in the brains of facing terminal point in fine be return so matter mother I want to hurry good pain the affair become very serious what ? . what you killed the kid the business of the last time this time ... the child who kills to have no holdout is a fact had the very big change to his impression want to gather news to him he have no to make me very shocked I did not kill people original that kind of matte have no matter of , thanks is that so originally I did not kill people is a is ijust an opportune moment not good a Monday time contrary go why not I did not do what bad matter he bittens your milk son kill he is also a ... the milk son is very important still have there you return when next time not want why , please do the numeral is good very you stop say what data is not this kind of matter quick arrive the terminal point I am uninterested this is good I am all uninterested 1 : 00 do you are frightened what what ? . killed the child I why does vital part is afraid ? . Seem to fear I am previous and then want to say with you of is and is terrible not quite is a ? . in fine if I have what untoward time so ... what I care most is who to shine on to see the fourth generation if does I meet the untoward time the fourth generation shine on to see by whom ? . send to the nursing home ? . can 't send to nursing home ascended the age is not that , is an intention I was subijected to the fourth generation care he has boon to me gratitude ? . I want the watch form intention to , have not yet asked your business of the I do not like what kind of child ? . what kind of child ? . is a very common child very fat have a little , is ijust a little how much ? . is a healthily good son have to reduce weight have no the fifth generation , my fatherly education is to call me continuously to eat you must to become the big Japanese one day have such education policy your father died also have the not good aspect why so ? . because the eye is not good like a business of space do you are frightened ? . that is very exorbitant in fine to the body return without complete growt that want to switch on electricity for me have no matter is not to have no matter I have not yet worked well the mental preparation still little student pain ? . I am very frightened don 't know to is what is the row that ... is peculiar is the fourth generation grandpa before switch on electricity obstruct unmeaningfu was given or get an electric shock but switch on electricity if the words that did not switch on electricity more pathetic you are very strong what capacity for liquor what , is not only capacity for liquor what I wanted to return you have no matter what at rain I have this what is that ? . Is to fold the umbrella did you bring today said with you that has been you are really good I am a big Japanese hello I ijust came out connect down please see take the actual condition the super of American hero is especially the the super is especially the father of the ! mother.The is especially black rice the virtuous tower of puberty younger sister is the infant finishes the baby of ! super especially the starts shoot do not lose , the super is especially the I saw , the is especially the very happy see you I won I won combination ... combination is combination combination combination not want must is so combination the nothing important relation combination I wanted to return thanks combination not , I will not fly combination combination must good have no matter , I am frightened have no matter combination ... combination sorry , sorry my shoes my shoes dropped the play is eventually star loose oneself ambition star the dint inside the bamboo must taste embarrassed bottoms up what ijust did what ? . don 't is all right ? . show me is very common is what in addition to me outside of didn 't 94 cent of is not thus one beginning what kind of ? . open the bus suddenly a bus becomes the red of is a bus generally have the homework of use the animal be the hero is very good so is what ? . is such generally your district magistrate is old different from newly an in the beginning will fight ? . start whence not yes , is a bus suddenly is very difficult understand you hear me say I said that this can hardly see open the bus suddenly is a boxing first still kick , start from the foundation first have the bus probably in the center a beginning absolutely can 't use the bus is a no matter how it is see , all not good very ugly where ? . from whole to see is a , felling ... you how to think seem such felling you are hear do I say I am hear I did not get angry still have you must a personal stem descend go to I can 't have been all looking after you I know , mother know ? . I know in proper order not good , see come very ugly hope smooth point that you do I am to say this original the treasure is the first of that is the decision to like of I feel thus very good you kick the feet finally kick very all right I kicked kicked and then ended I kicked have the guest at , you do not want to be so and I got angry generally certainly is give kid the result is thus you do not feel very soil not only such I know I am very angry I know must you are not understand you really vexed , I understood although you alway but in fact not understand I heard you did not hear completely not yes that opportune moment is not good sorry do you feel thus very good do not blame me you are a simpleton do not blame me , don t want to be so and loudly don 't feel shy you are always like this proper can but must liked too beat the one punch to like quite so I feel very shy feel throw the person for such child what beyond the limit you think finally how ? . want to hit persons you have to order clearly beyond the limit must to be like this person in proper order not good divided too say so is he you do not point the person by hand is he do not point the person by hand at the time of ijoin all are all he is not good you is call rattan of is , you so at the time that everyone combine is what you said what why do so ? . not , that is he does not know will know generally of don 't know generally you have to order clearly proper can but must hope that you stretch to make moves the guest did not say must to protect from now on this is irrelevant hope that you go in say with you first clear you want to be till the the time that all are together I also at certainly is that so what do you do beside ? . you always at say what that is what that have a little ugly know maybe not we at the time of fly have no consciousness so to the words that see side whether very ugly to see the surroundings so have a little shy you why has been say this I wanted to kill you homicidal don 't go homicidal don 't like sit down must
