 The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 ... I 'm not tired . Are you worried about what you might dream ? - Who 's cassie ? - I 'm Kyle 's ability . They did something to me last night . When we need him , he 'll be there for us . They put something into me . - Where 's kyle ? - Kyle and I agree . You 're not ready . You don 't understand what we 're trying to accomplish here . - Then tell me , what is this place ? - It 's a model for a better world . They 're looking to make a better life for themselves , and they did . Promicin isn 't just here to improve the world . It 's here to bring heaven to earth . You 're supposed to make it happen , and I 'm supposed to help you . You are going to lead us all to God . - So , what do we do now ? - We 're going to Seattle . Everyone 's waiting . These are good people . Loyal . They believe in this new world I 've promised them . It 's not just a promise . It 's going to happen ... starting today . Once we take this step , there is no going back . I need you to tell me , Kyle , that no matter the cost , no matter the sacrifice , this will all be worth it . You know it 's worth it , Jordan . This is the right time . This is the right place . If you didn 't believe that , we wouldn 't be in Seattle . Let 's go change the world . We believe in you , Jordan . He 's here ! Three years ago , 4400 missing people , each with an extraordinary ability , reappeared in a ball of light , and the world wondered why . Six months ago , the promicin shot made those abilities accessible to anyone with the courage to take it . And again ... the world wondered why . Today ... we tell them why . Today , we answer all the questions . And after today ... the world will never be the same . I 'm so sorry . I don 't know what 's wrong with me . Those noodles were so overcooked . Diana , stop apologizing . That 's the first meal I 've had in months that didn 't come out of a microwave or a take-out carton . All these years we 've been partners , and I ... haven 't had you over for dinner ... You never felt this sorry for me before . What ? Look , when a woman invites a man over for dinner , it 's for one of two reasons ... Attraction ... or pity , and I 'm putting my money on pity . Between Alana and Kyle , you have had a tough run of it lately . Me too . I figured there 's nothing like overcooked pasta to ... start the healing process . You know , no matter how hard you rub that mole , it 's not going to go away . You 're right . It 's just a mole . I mean , I 'm still me . I 'm not one of the marked , or whatever . No , I never said you were . This job can mess with your head , huh ? Speaking of work , what do you think of Meghan ? She 's different ... from what you 'd expect for a boss . That 's a little noncommittal . Have you not noticed ? I think she 's a little ... a little focused on you . What ? Focused on me ? Mom , Jordan Collier ... He 's about to do something . Something big . You saw him ? Did you have a vision ? Sweetie , where is he ? He 's here , in Seattle . Kyle 's with him . He 's right here . Season 4 - Episode 07 Till We Have Built Jerusalem [ Transcript ] ? [ Synchro ] Benj ! [ Synchro ] aSpro5oo Maia , I 've imported your drawing into a graphics file . We can make any changes you want , to get it closer to what you saw . The reds , they should be a little darker , especially around the middle . Maia , are you sure this represents some part of Seattle ? The picture had ... some kind of lines under the colors . - Like that ? - There 's a definite pattern here . Maybe it 's an elevation study ? Red for peaks , blue and green for lower elevations . It could be a population survey , a study of homes of median income . ethnic , religious groupings . - That narrows it down . - Actually , it does . All those things require comprehensive data analyses , - and those don 't come cheap . - Which means a big corporate or a government study . Yeah , what ? D.O.D. , N.S.A. , census bureau . Odds are , this image is sitting in a government computer somewhere , which means I can find it . Kara ... You don 't have to leave . I didn 't want to overstay my welcome . Listen , I hope you 're okay with everything . I didn 't really plan on ... More than dinner and a movie ? It 's just , these last few days have been great , but your mom is a client , or she was a client . You make it sound like you were her lawyer . My mother had stage four leukemia . You saved her life . I just don 't want you to think that I make a habit out of sleeping with the people that I help . I know that . I 'd love I could stay . I just have this appointment - first thing in the morning . - All right . I 'll call you . I guess that answers my question . I was gonna ask you if you were sure you wanted to be a part of this operation . Believe me , I want Collier caught as much as anyone . It 's not Collier I was thinking about . It 's your son . Look , the only thing we have on Kyle is taking promicin . I can still help him cut a deal , get him on the inhibitor . But the longer he 's with collier , the harder it 's gonna be for me to help him . Are you sure he ... wants to be helped ? He 's my son , I 've got to believe I can still reach him . I 'm sorry . I know . It 's a toxicology study . I got it from the E.P.A. The red areas indicate a high level of pollution , pink a little less , then all the way to green ... Marco , do you know where Collier is ? The Duwamish river delta . South seattle . One of the most polluted places in the country . We 're talking old refineries , dead end streets , and rotting factories . So , not a nice place . Unless you wanna hide , then it 's perfect . That place is a maze . It could take days to do a complete search . Then you better get started , because according to what Maia 's told us , whatever Jordan Collier 's planning , this is ground zero . Bobby , head that way . We 're going to cover this side . I still don 't understand why Collier would risk coming back to Seattle . It 's like he 's daring us to catch him . We wouldn 't even know he was here if it weren 't for Maia . It 's not like he 's showed up at a Mariners game . This place is pretty low profile . I don 't think this qualifies as low profile . Somebody 's feeling pretty confident . Tom , what are those lights ? It 's almost like they 're marking some kind of perimeter . Maybe they 're warning lights , an alarm system . I 'm calling for back-up . This is Skouris . We need help down at Duwamish delta . Tom , what ? Get back ! We won 't be doing that again . Senator Lenhoff is here . Senator , I didn 't know you were in town . Come to say hello to your favorite future councilman ? Actually , I 'm here to ruin your morning . " Sex for miracles " ? It 's all over the net . Every anti-4400 wingnut is running with it . This says that I forced Kara to have sex with me , - in exchange for healing her mother . - You know this girl ? I didn 't exchange sex for miracles , or for anything else , for that matter . But you slept with her ? She asked me out to dinner . We went out on a date . We had a really good time . We went on a couple more dates . - I like this girl . - Farrell , did you or did you not have sex with this woman ? - Last night . - And it hits the net this morning . What does that tell you ? You think this is some kind of set-up ? I 'll have my people start digging . It should be easy enough to discredit her . A girl like this , - there 's always something . - Senator ... Let 's hold off on the character assassination until I talk to kara . You want to play nice , give it a try . But if this girl 's who I think she is , tomorrow we come out swinging . These lights , or ... beacons or whatever , they must 've been built by one of Jordan 's followers . They extend from here , all the way to the river . They wall off about a square mile of buildings right in the most toxic part of the delta . We called in Seattle P.D. and the guard . No one 's getting in or out without us knowing it . So Collier 's backed himself into a corner . All we have to do is figure out a way to get past these lights . I think you 're going to want to see this . For too long , those of us with special gifts , the 4400 , and those who 've taken promicin , have had to conceal and even neglect their abilities . Well , I stand before you today to tell you the time for hiding ... is over . And that the time for miracles ... has begun . And it starts right here . Today , we claim ... this godforsaken piece of earth ... ours . Did this guy just say he 's annexing part of Seattle ? - It sounded like that . - ... to make it whole again . Using our abilities , we will heal its toxic soil . We will cleanse its polluted waters , and we will turn this ... blighted place into a garden . For those willing to join us , we welcome you . All you need is an ability , and the willingness to become part of a miracle . But , the blessings we bring will not just be limited to this ... small place , because this is the beginning of a much wider ... and deeper healing . Because the miracles we work here , we intend to work everywhere . Help us , work with us , and together , we can transform this world into a paradise . Yeah , assuming you take promicin and survive . For those of you unwilling to join us , all we ask is that you leave us in peace . If you insist on interfering , if you threaten us , or in any way attack us , there will be consequences , immediate ... and severe . But I did not come to intimidate . This is a message of hope , for a better tomorrow , for a new world , and it begins here , in this ... city of hope . It starts here , in Promise City . I 'd hate to have her job . Jordan Collier grabs a chunk of seattle as his own personal fiefdom under her watch . Not going to earn her any brownie points in D.C. - No one could have seen that coming . - Tom , we 've got another . It 's an earthquake in the Allegheny mountains , just outside of Pittsburgh . 5.2 on the Richter scale . Miles from the nearest fault line . A tornado outside Palm Springs , a warehouse explosion in Jersey , a tsunami on lake Michigan . Now this ? Anyone hurt ? No , just like the others , property damage , but no injuries . Any closer to the city , though , it would have been different . Collier 's made a statement on the net . He 's claiming responsibility for all these mini-disasters . He 's calling them demonstrations . Just letting us know what will happen if we move against him . I mean , God knows how many people he has with abilities , scattered around the country just waiting for his signal . Hey , dad . Hey , Kyle . - You okay ? - Yeah , I 'm fine . All right , good . Now , here 's what I want you to do . You go to the perimeter , you walk across , and you surrender to the first NTAC agent you see . Dad , I 'm where I need to be . Things could get really ugly down there . Make sure that doesn 't happen . Promise City has to succeed . Everything depends on it . Is that what Jordan Collier 's been telling you ? Actually , that 's what I 'm telling him . You 're some kind of advisor to him now ? Something like that . Then advise him to end this thing right now ! I can 't do that , okay ? I know this is coming at you really fast , but you got to hear me out . There 's this book . It 's a prophecy . This ability that I have led me to it . This ability of yours , you still haven 't told me what it is . It 's complicated . It tells me what to do . It ... What 's important , and this book is important , dad . I mean ... It 's almost 100 years old , but it talks about the 4400 , promicin , everything , and ... Dad , it explains what needs to happen for paradise to come to earth , and Promise City 's where it all starts . once people see what we can do here , they 're gonna want to be a part of it . Once that happens , according to the book once everyone 's taken promicin ... I don 't know how else to say it . God is going to show his face . It 'll be heaven on earth . Are you still there ? Yeah , I 'm here . Wait ... Kyle , think about what you 're saying . If everyone in the world takes this shot , half of them are going to die . You 're talking paradise at the cost of genocide . Dad , the world is falling apart . Okay , Promise City has to succeed . You can 't let them destroy it . Listen , Kyle , just ... can we just ... can we talk in person ? I mean , come home . I am home , dad . I 'll talk to you soon . Shawn , I thought you were smarter than this . I mean , are you really that surprised ? I saved your mother 's life ... And I will always be grateful for that . My mother was sick for three years . My parents went through their entire life savings . They gave me enough money to get my parents out of debt - and start a life for myself , too . - They ? Who 's they ? Lawyers . From back east , I think . All I know is that they promised to take care of me , and they delivered . You sold me out for money . People need you . They need what you can do . It doesn 't really matter if you get elected or not . You saying that because I 'm a 4400 , what you did is okay . I had to look out for myself . I 'm not special like you . I had to look out for myself , so I did . He sounded rational , but the things that were coming out of his mouth ... Heaven on earth , the face of God ? I 'd like to see this book he 's talking about . Just read the prophecy . And then what ? You know , take the shot and hope you survive , and then join Collier in paradise ? Come on , what happened to Diana Skouris , professional skeptic ? Well , you know , Tom , my daughter sees the future . We just have to consider the possibility that there could be something to this . That 's all . What the hell ? So this is D.C. ' s big plan ? Send in a hit squad to take out Jordan Collier ? With all due respect , Ma 'am , we 're not a hit squad . But you 're not exactly trained to arrest people , are you ? Jordan collier is in open rebellion against the government . He seized U.S. territory , declared himself above the law . What do you suggest we do , wipe his nose and read him a bedtime story ? Those are our options ? A bedtime story or a bullet to the head ? I was told to send in my guys , and that 's what I 'm gonna do . What makes you think you could even get close to him ? We appreciate the concern , Ma 'am ... but I think we can handle things . The enhanced soldier program . That 's still in operation ? The department of defense considers it a top priority . Maia , what do you mean , I have to save Jordan Collier ? The soldiers . They 're going to kill him . I saw it . And when they do , something terrible 's going to happen . Terrible ? Maia , what did you see ? It was just ... black . What , you mean the vision ended ? No , I was still having the vision , but it was like I wasn 't there anymore . No one was . Please , mom , you can 't let Jordan Collier die . Maia , I 'll do what I can . I promise . I know you will . What are you doing out here ? Cassie said I needed to wait here , so I 'm waiting . I was thinking maybe you could ask Cassie what my role is in all this ? You 're part of it . I know that much . She told you that ? She tells me what she wants to tell me . And you just do what she says ? Does that bother you ? I guess it 's just a matter of faith , you know . That 's what Promise City is all about . Faith . Belief . Hope . Hey , get back here ! Kyle , I think something 's happening . We got a report that someone managed to get past police lines and enter Promise City . One of the dashboard cameras got some video . Oh , my God ! Maia ? Why aren 't you picking this up ? You get this message , you call me back immediately ! Maybe she didn 't take her cell phone with her . Maybe they took it away from her . Jordan 's not going to hurt her , Diana . Maia went in there to warn him about the soldiers . She has an ability he 'd love to have access to . If anything , he 's probably treating her like a queen . Maia 's vision ended in darkness . That has never happened before . We have got to go in there and get Kyle and Maia to safety . Well , how do we get past the beacons ? Aquino and his men seem pretty damn confident they can get through . We go with them . It 's a military operation , Diana . Lawton 's not going to let two NTAC agents just tag along . Then we don 't ask for permission . I was born three years ago . So that makes you , what , nine years older than me ? Almost ten . I litterally grew up overnight , I didn 't ... understand what it meant to be an adult . You did a lot of bad things . I was told they were ... necessary . Important . But that doesn 't make it right , does it ? No . It doesn 't . So what I 'm trying to say is that I 'm sorry for scaring you , and for hurting people you care about . Some things are so bad ... saying sorry just isn 't enough . I know . Maia Skouris . Welcome to Promise City . I understand you have something to talk to me about . I need to ask you something . Are you a good guy or a bad guy ? My mom can 't seem to make up her mind . I get that a lot . I 'll tell you what . I have something I want to show you . Then you can make up your own mind . Yesterday , I promised you miracles . Today , I 'll show you one . This is the Duwamish river delta . It 's one of the most polluted waterways in all of America . It 's loaded with cancer-causing chemicals , pcbs , toxic levels of mercury . It 's a blight . Anastasia ? Anastasia took promicin when her fiance was killed in a car accident . I 'm sure you 'll agree she 's developed a remarkable ability . Now , that 's what a river should look like . And that 's the way river should taste . Come on in . the water 's fine . So , Maia , now do you think I 'm a good guy or a bad guy ? Soldiers ... with abilities . They 'll be here soon . They 're coming to kill you . As much as I like to hear I was right , it 's not going to make a bit of difference . Yesterday , you said that we could deal with this . The sex scandal , sure , but Jordan Collier ? This whole Promise City thing ? That we can 't get around . My position on Jordan is very clear . I publicly condemned the man for handing out promicin . Your whole campaign was constructed around one concept ... Yes , a middle path for both 4400s and non-4400s , one you sold to me , one I still believe in . There is no middle path now . Collier just blew it all up . Promise City . Miracles . We can 't compete with that . So that 's it ? You 're telling me to just drop out of the race . I 'm telling you you can 't win . Henders , it 's your show . He 's east of here . Maybe ten blocks . Those guys get all the good tricks . Just be glad Aquino can only do that camouflage thing when they 're standing still . We would 've lost them the minute they got over there . Diana , slow down . We don 't want to get too close . - I don 't want to lose them - What the hell are you two doing ? Captain , we 're not here to interfere with your mission , okay ? My daughter , she 's inside Promise City . I just want to get her out . You two get caught , things get a lot messier for us . Surrender your weapons , I 'm going to cuff you , And we 'll pick you up on the way out . You obviously don 't have children . I said surrender your weapon ! Diana , run ! Okay , that 's not good . Look , I know you 're here . You can 't move when you hide . So I won 't hide . Aren 't you sneaky ? 10 : 00 a.m. in the garden . Good . Yeah , that works , thanks . Okay , now we work on your withdrawal speech . The important thing is , you go out with your head held high . Shawn , there 's some reporters downstairs . Tell them we 'll have the press conference tomorrow morning . I 'll see them now . I have some things that I want to say . Mr. Farrell ! What 's your relationship with Kara Sarkestian ? You receive sexual favors for healing her mother ? Are you in contact with Jordan Collier ? Please , please . First of all , in spite of my ability to heal , I am a normal person , and that means that I make mistakes . Obviously , I made one the other night . I regret that my misjudgment as distracted from the real issues of my campaign . Right now as you all know Jordan Collier is creating his own separate society in a place that he calls Promise City , further widening the divide between people with abilities and people without . He says that he 's here to heal the world , but what he 's doing threatens to tear everything apart , which is why I have no choice but to continue my campaign , to continue to be a voice for unity and cooperation , and to provide a middle path that we can all walk together . - I will answer those questions . - Mr. Farell ... Senator Lenhoff , are you still backing Mr. Farrell ? You bet I am ! Shawn , can we get another statement ! Hey , mommy . Oh , Maia , I was so worried about you . I 'm sorry . I had to warn Jordan . Jordan ? It 's Jordan now ? This place , mom . They 're doing all kinds of great stuff . You should see it . Some other time . We 're leaving . - Now . - No . No ? What do you mean , " no " ? We can 't . We have to stay here . It 's safer that way . Bad day , huh , dad ? I 've had better . You going to cut me loose ? So now what ? We go see Jordan . Gentlemen , you 're trespassing . Are you sure you won 't reconsider ? You could join us , keep your ability . That 's not going to happen . No , I suppose not . It pains me to see gifts like yours wasted . Make sure they 're escorted out of Promise City . Collier , wait . This isn 't going to end . You 've painted a huge bullseye on this place . The government 's going to keep coming after you . Then I 'll just have to show them what a very bad idea that is . Just ... wait . Maybe I wasn 't clear . You are free to go . Maia , you can come back anytime . You can even stay here a while if that 's all right with your mother . Play sleepover in a war zone ? I don 't think so . Sending in those soldiers , it was a bad idea , but don 't make things worse by retaliating . People you work for are the problem . They need to learn to leave us alone . Your son has a point . You 've promised the world miracles . You 've even shown us some , but no one 's going to remember that once you start killing people . When people start dying , it 's a war . No matter how powerful you think you are , when it 's war , you lose . Don 't be so sure . My mom is right . If there 's a war , everyone loses . You saw this ? Just now , while you were talking . Please , you have to listen to my mother . So , what do you think , Kyle ? Did Maia get through to Collier ? Will he hold off any reprisals ? He 's going to do what he thinks is right , but he won 't hurt anybody if he doesn 't have to . I guess you can make it the rest of the way on your own . I 'll turn off the beacon so you can cross . Kyle , come with me . It could be your last chance . You never give up , do you ? No , and I never will . That book I told you about ? The prophecy ? Heaven on earth . Yeah , I remember . Well , in the book , there 's a list of 200 names . People who can take promicin and are guaranteed to survive . The last name on that list is you , dad . So , what are you trying to say , Kyle ? I 'm destined to take promicin because it says so in some book ? I 'm just saying you 're a very important person . And not just to me . I gotta go . I don 't know about you , but I 'm exhausted . Yeah , I 'm pretty tired , too . This war , the one that you told Collier about , what exactly did you see ? Actually ... I didn 't see anything . Sweetheart , it doesn 't matter how bad it is . You can tell me , because I need to know . No , mom , I mean ... I didn 't see anything . I didn 't have a vision . I lied . Why ? Well , I didn 't want Jordan to hurt anyone , and he wasn 't listening to you . And you knew he 'd listen to you ? I hoped he would . I hope he did , too . You know , mom , Jordan 's not a bad person . I think he 's ... one of the good guys . Well , if he 's one of the good guys , what does that make me ? This is Skouris . Be right there . How long have they been there ? They started gathering about 20 minutes ago . All right , here comes Collier ... and Kyle 's with him . And Isabelle Tyler . I thought you said no one could get close to those beacons . Someone must be shielding them from the effects . They 're moving the perimeter . That 's Collier 's reprisal . He 's expanding Promise City . So , what 's he saying ? The more we move against him , the more land he 's going to take . Today south Seattle , tomorrow what , the world ? That 's twice as bigger as it was before .
