 We 're supposed to sit here pissing in our pants while you decide our future , is that it ? Why should the American taxpayers support a lab that 's in Toronto , Canada ? Science is on the verge of unlocking the secrets of life , and you 're thinking about amputating the only organization that 's actually minding the store ! You 're insane ! How did you get this appointment ? I slept with you for 25 years . I suppose something rubbed off . Rachel . What we 're doing ... I 'm a little concerned . This thing that Carl is working on , the magnetobacteria ? It is insanity . You 're worried about this ... magnetobacteria ? I 'm worried about somebody getting a bullet in the back of the head . So bacteria forms a biofilm ? Yes , but take a look at them when we zoom in . - Like they 're marching in formation . - Precisely . Working together to gum up the circuit board . As if programmed . I have high inter-ocular pressure and an increased cup-to-disk ratio . The optic nerve in both eyes is degenerating . I 'm going blind , David . I 'm sorry . We 've been studying ways to repair optic nerve damage for several years . However , when the procedure fails , our test subjects are left totally blind . I don 't want to do it , David . But I have to . All right , Bob , you can open them . I can see . Dr. Melnikov , Dr. Tran . - He was terrified . - I didn 't get that impression . It was obvious to me . People are talking . They think you 're acting differently , like you 're , you know ... more sensitive to their emotions . I don 't know what 's going on , David . All I do know is that I don 't want it to stop . I think some of the virus traveled in the wrong direction , up the repaired optic nerve , into Bob 's brain and in particular into his Jacobson 's Organ . - He 's smelling emotions . - That would mean that Dr. Melnikov has genetically evolved into a higher state of being . - Why would he just up and leave ? - Maybe somebody took him . - Do you know Olivier Roth ? - Of course I do . I never met him , but in the financial circles he was with Buffet and Gates . Yeah , well , I think he 's responsible for magnetobacteria and I think he 's kidnapped Bob , so tell us where we can find him . We will change humanity , evolve the species . Listen to me , Roth , you son of a bitch . You do anything to Bob , I 'll find you . - See you in the future , David . - Roth ! You , Dr. Melnikov , encompass the only hope we have left . A man who truly understands the compassion , the hopes , the fears of his fellow man . Within you , in a stem cell in your brain , lies the future of mankind . Don 't move ! I can 't run anymore . Please ... don 't hurt me . My head hurts . I want to talk to David . Please , let me talk to David Sandström ... ReGenesis 4x01 TB Or Not TB Subtitles Team NorBAC Bsiocnarf , Dapitch666 , Enelea , Icefre @ k Linwelin , Michvanilly , MikL Version NoTag 1.0 - I need another 24 hours . - What you said 24 hours ago . The Mexican authorities have not given us ... I don 't give a shit about the Mexican authorities ! This is a TB outbreak . It has nothing to do with ... - Doctors Without Borders said it was ... - They 've been kicked out . - The same thing will happen to you . - No , we have a contact . A medic who can get us across the Zapatista lines and keep us safe . - Are we going ? - Yes . Call Rico , tell him we 're on our way . They have been delivering ultimatums to the Mexican government . For medical aid ! People are dying because they 're not getting supplies . They 're turning Chiapas into a state of war . The Zapatistas say the same thing about the Mexican army Fuck the politics . We 're going , Wes . Riddlemeyer has a new priority for us in Illinois . I want you to remind Riddlemeyer that his only priority is to find Bob . That 's the deal we made . That 's why his ass isn 't in jail . Tell him yourself . David ? Division of Health . They 're worried about hepatitis . Give it to Rachel . - OK . - Not that I 'm asking , but could you find out what Riddlemeyer 's priority in Illinois is ? - What ? - I think you just got a new priority . He 's in a coma ? - His doctor induced it . - Why ? They 're concerned about swelling on his brain . Maybe an infection . David , he was operated on . On his brain ? Why ? They 're not sure . What can we do ? Nothing . He 's in the best possible care . - I want to be here when he wakes up . - Of course . But that 's not going to happen for about 5 days . We should go . David ? Just gimme a minute , OK ? I 'll meet you down in the lobby . I 'll get a taxi . Hey , Bob . Did you have a good three months off ? If you 're gonna disappear like that , the least you could do is send me a ... I 'll be right back . David , I 'd like to introduce you to Olivier Roth . - Dr. Sandström . - Son of a bitch ! What did you do ? Just listen to what he has to say . - What are you doing here ? - I 've enormous respect for Dr. Melnikov - and his accomplishments . - You mean his Jacobson 's Organ . - You harvested his stem cells . - At his insistence . You took advantage of him . Bob is a brilliant scientist . And a friend . Unfortunately , his work to awaken the Jacobson 's Organ in others - was unsuccessful . - No shit . - When I heard he was injured ... - You cut a hole in his head . I wanted to make sure he had everything he needed . I 'm telling you the truth . I 'm sorry if you feel I 'm some kind of diabolical menace to humanity , Excuse me . You tried to send the world back to the stone age with your magnetobacteria . Everything you need to know . How to make it . How to kill it . And I assure you , all other samples have been destroyed . Where was this file three months ago ? Three months ago , Homeland Security received the same package from Mr. Roth . What are you doing ? You 're working on a Zombie army to take over the world ? I am not the enemy here , Dr. Sandström . Thank you , Carl . If there 's anything I can do . I 'll make sure you get any updates on Bob 's condition when we have them . Dr. Sandström . That 's it ? He just walks away ? That 's it . - Where are you going ? - Mexico . People are dying there from an antibiotic resistant strain of TB . - I want you in Hudson Point , Illinois . - And I want Oliver Roth in prison . I guess sometimes you just can 't get what you want . I 've been receiving calls from a Congressman Kirchner . The people in his district , that 's Hudson Point , have temporarily lost the ability to feel any pain . Lucky them . They inflict horrific injuries on themselves without realizing it ... In Chiapas , there are over a million people at risk . We need to figure out a way to contain and kill it before it 's knocking on our back door . This community is near panic . We have to do something . - Rachel and Mayko can manage it . - I want you to manage it ! Fine . When I 'm back from Mexico . Fuck . - Hello , David . - We 're on our way to Chiapas . I need Rachel . Where the hell is she ? I don 't know . What 's going on ? Get her on a flight with Mayko to Hudson Point , Illinois . Alright . I 've got my Sat Phone . Any change in Bob 's condition , good or bad ... call me . - Got it . - Tell Rachel from now on she 's to have her cell phone on and in her pocket at all times . Good night , David . - Chiapas no possible . - We 're from NorBAC ... Chiapas possible . Here 's some very complicated English for ya : Go fuck yourself . You go fuck yourself . You were right . He 's not going to let us through . It 's always the same . The bigger the hat , the smaller the brain . So ... What do we do now ? Like I said at the airport , I 'll get you to where you want to go . There are just so many army checkpoints and many more miles of Chiapas border . Mayko ! Cab 's here . We gotta go . Found an interesting case in Pakistan . Three related families with a mutation in the SCN9A nerve cell channel that gives them an insensitivity to pain . - They worked as circus freaks . - I doubt this is a genetic mutation . From what I 've read , this thing in Illinois seems to be a transitory condition . Maybe something temporarily blocking the nerve channel ? I 'm thinking it may even be a virus in the nerve fibre . But have you ever seen anything like that ? Around here , no , but ... What 's WTF ? WTF ? The initials on your bag . WTF . - Wes loaned it to me . - Oh , yeah ? Yeah . It was there . He said I could use it . - There ? - Yeah , there . Anything we need to do ? No . - What 'd you give him ? - Cocaine . There 's a white flag in the back . Tie it up . This is so the Chiapas know who we are . I gotta fucking learn Spanish . What 's that ? Corn Days ? It 's the American way . - You celebrate what you 've got . - Corn ? There is a town in Colorado that celebrates a chicken who lived for three months without a head . - What ? - I swear to God . - A headless chicken . - Oh , God . Imagine . Painful stimuli are produced by electrical impulses in your nerve cells . These impulses travel from nociceptive dorsal root ganglion neurons originating in the body 's periphery , through ascending spinal pathways to the brain . - You can sit wherever you like . - We 're actually from ... Doctor , my family grows corn and soybeans . We 're not scientists . All we want to know is why this thing here is happening . Ion channels in the nerve cells , including many types of sodium channels , produce these nerve impulses . Hold on . Ion channels ? What are they ? Stimulation of the nerve cells produces small changes . The ion channel amplify small changes , and at a certain threshold , the neuron fires and a signal is sent back to the brain . - And that 's how you know ... - The signal is transmitted by A-delta fibres to the spinal cord and then to a sorting station in the thalamus . When the signal is relayed to the somatosensory cortex ... Why 'd Mitchell Hayes 's daughter nearly take her eye out ? I 'd like to know why Washington sent a fella like you here . Are you trying to cover up for some kind of government screw-up ? That 's ridiculous . Can we get back to the basics here ? The basics are that we don 't know what the hell is happening around here ! The " ouch " ... is nature 's way of protecting us . I 'm so sorry to interrupt here , Doctor . Hi , I 'm Rachel Woods and this is Mayko Tran . We 're here from the North American Biotechnology Advisory Commission . - How are you doing ? - Good , thanks . Hopefully we can simplify this a little for you folks . - Be my guests . - Okay . Wanna do the work ? So , the thing about pain is it produces this , like , electrical zap . When you poke yourself with a pin , you react within a tenth of a second . You pull your hand away from that pin before your brain even has time to figure out what 's going on . That 's the " ouch . " It 's basically ancient hard wiring for self-preservation . That 's the fast pain signals . And they call it that because they 're really fast . So that 's what 's not working in these people ? That 's what we 're gonna try to find out . So you 're coming in here thinking that this has to do with the ion channels ? All right , you know what ? That 's a possibility . Let me tell you what those are . There are these structures , on nerve cells , that sense pain . They 're like these little gates that open and close . So if these gates aren 't opening and closing properly , then that can screw up that pain zap before it even gets to the brain . So , amplify it , turn it down or block it completely . So why are these gates closing on us ? Why aren 't these people feeling anything ? We just got here 15 minutes ago . Maybe if we can have another 24 hours , - we might have some answers . - Okay , but ... - we gotta have answers pretty quick . - I know . How do I know you 're not spies ? Your accent ... you 're from Mexico City . Surely Rico told you we were coming . He has , but I didn 't expect a chilango from up north . We 're here to help . - Why should I believe you ? - Check our gear ... TB is caused by a bacterial microorganism , the Mycobacterium tuberculosis , and it 's spread by droplet infection . If a patient exhales , coughs or sneezes , tubercle bacilli are released into the air . There is a gene , N-RAMP1 , which is involved in a person having a susceptibility to leprosy , and it 's also caused by a bacterium related to TB . What do you think , are we spies or scientists ? Go on . We understand from the reports we got that there 's a high mortality rate with this outbreak . 32 have died from this . Hundreds are sick . There 's been some question as to the diagnosis , because this disease isn 't responding to any of the first line TB treatments . First line ? The latest and greatest in antibiotics . But it is TB . Doctors confirmed that before Mexico City ordered them out of Chiapas . We 've brought diagnostic gear , a portable x-ray machine and ... the latest in tiered treatments . We 'll ID this strain , contain it and kill it . If there is anything you need ... I 'll have my men provide it to you . It 's not an easy problem to communicate . I 'm glad they sent in reinforcements . We 're actually gonna be doing specimen collection , fieldwork . You should be visiting people in the hospital . It 's pretty rough . - You 've seen pictures ? - No . Oh , well ... Jesus . - Oh , dear . - Yeah . They get worse . Oh , my God . Lola , how 're you doing ? I 'm fine . - Doesn 't hurt much ? - Not at all . It was like a switch being thrown . She felt fine , no problems . Two hours later I get a call from the school saying she 'd done this to her eye . Okay . - How about that ? - I can feel you touching my foot . Okay , let 's try the other foot . Let 's see . There . Any sensation ? It kind of tickles . Hey . I 've got cerebro-spinals from all the active patients , - so I 'll be in the lab . - OK . Okay . I think we 're done here . Thank you , Lola . Could you hang tight for a second ? Okay . They say with most people this passes in a few days . What if it doesn 't ? Let 's not go there . Give us some time to look into it . - How 's it going ? - Hey . Spinal fluids slightly elevated , white blood cells levels - and slightly decreased glucose levels . - Some kind of inflammation ? I don 't know . I need to get these samples back to NorBAC . I got a lot of environmental sampling to do , so I will be out with the corn and pigs . Where did the outbreak begin ? At first the sick ones were all Zapatista militia , then it jumped to the women and children . - I need all your data on the scatter . - What 's that ? Who got sick when . The ones who were treated by the doctors before they left have files , the others , no . Okay . " Importito " . First things first . We need an exclusion zone . All right ? Right here . - Why aren 't these people wearing masks ? - We ran out . Well , I 've seen no shortage of bandanas . David , their breathing 's moist , restricted . Get some hoark samples to look at under a microscope . I 'll run a PCR . I 'm going to need to do chest X-rays . Do you have electricity ? The Federales cut our power a month ago , but I can get a generator . We should start inoculating all the children in the village . What about my soldiers ? It 's not as effective in adults , but yeah , it 's worth a try . - Your people know how to vaccinate ? - If you show them , they will learn . Your shawl , over your mouth . These white spots indicate concentrations of infection . We 're going to need to culture the bacteria at NorBAC and try to positive the ID of the strain . How long will that take ? Two to three weeks . TB grows very slowly in the lab . - What do we do in the meantime ? - Make sure the sick stay quarantined . We need to contain the outbreak . We need to check all of your men , their wives , children . Any symptoms of TB and they need to be brought here . They won 't leave their land . - Especially if a chilango tells them . - They 're gonna have to . They have been oppressed for generations , forced off their land by corporations and corrupt governments . Let me put it this way . This TB we 're dealing with , it 's a hell of a lot worse than any corrupt government . It won 't be easy to convince the people of Chiapas . Can I help you , ma 'am ? No , I 'm okay , thanks . Well , you know , that 's our field you 're in . Oh , sorry ! I 'm investigating a public health problem . All these people hurting themselves ? I guess you know all about it , yeah . One of our farmhands actually got third degree burns . He leaned his butt up against a red-hot tractor manifold . - Ed Koskey ! - So , you do know what 's going on . Well , sort of . - Tom Gleason . - Hi . Mayko Tran . Hey . So , what are you hoping to find ? Well , right now we don 't really know , we 're looking for toxins in the soil , water . We 've got a lot of grunt work to do before we 're gonna have any answers . I don 't know if it 's any help , but we 've been organic for 5 years now . - No chemicals whatsoever ? - Just botanical insecticides . Advantageous bacteria like B. thuringiensis , S. spinosa , that sort of thing . So you 're ... you 're all-natural ? Absolutely . We got this really cool new one . It 's completely non-toxic . It 's called Rowinall . See that there ? - That stuff ? - It actually repels pests . Except guys like me , of course . Though it doesn 't last so long , so it got me thinking we should go back to using Gliocladium , that does a hell of a number on pythium and fusarium rot , that sort of thing . - Sorry . Am I going too fast for you ? - Kind of . Could you ... just ... Oh yeah , sure . Not a problem . Thanks . S. spinosa , which is Saccharo poly-spora spinosa . Takes care of your caterpillars , sawfly larvae , thrips , Colorado potato beetle , your fire ant ... God , those are nasty little buggers . All righty ? - Cool , thank you . - Okay . So I 'll see ya . - Yeah . Thanks so much . - Good luck . Take all the samples you want . My field is your field . That 's awesome , thanks . Bye . Organize the cases chronologically . Put them on a map . We need to find Patient Zero . - Patient Zero ? - The person who brought it here and may be spreading it somewhere else . - We need to contain it . - I 'll check in with the lab . Okay . Carlos . Hey . I never got a chance to thank you for coming down here . It 's really not necessary . The situation down here is intolerable . We 'll keep you safe and protected from the Federales . Cell phones don 't really work down here . This is a Sat phone . I can communicate with anyone anywhere in the world via Globalvox . And I just hope to find a pen that works . We come from very different worlds , you and I. Maybe not so different . I 'd better get back to work . Organize these cases . Put them on a map . We need to find Patient Zero . - Patient Zero ? - The person who brought this here and may be spreading it someplace else . We need to make sure it 's contained . - I 'll check in with the lab . - Okay . So , how goes the revolution ? For 500 years the indigenous people of Mexico have been crushed , treated like animals . We 're starting to make our voices heard , 10 million of us ... a million here in Chiapas alone . We fight for a roof over our heads , for food on the table , for dignity and respect . But many , they do not like Indians . They want us dead . You 're not fucking around , are you ? We 're willing to die for our autonomy . Well , I would hate to see that . You 're used to a certain kind of woman , aren 't you , Dr. Sandström ? - I 'm not that kind of woman . - Meaning ? I don 't fuck for sport . So , other than some mild headaches , you 're certain Dr. Melnikov 'll be fine ? Physically , yes , but maybe confused and anxious about his condition . - To be expected . - Giving us a window of 2 or 3 months . - That 's all the time I need . - Good , then I think we can bring him out of the coma in , say , 48 hours ? Excellent . Keep my office up-to-date on his progress . - And what about the girl ? - Tucked away . Not to worry . I 'll say my goodbyes now . Thank you for everything . I 'm sorry you won 't be along for the ride . Take care , my friend . We have a very serious problem . I don 't understand . We made a mistake . We can 't keep going . Bob , there 's nothing wrong with these animals . They 're distressed . - We moved past animal trials weeks ago . - We have to go back , Mr. Roth . Wait ! Where are you going ? I don 't know . I have to double-check the data , the stem cell cultures . Maybe we missed something that affects another part of the brain . We need to ... We can 't go on until we 're sure that we ... We 've been over this . David will know what to do . You 're shaking . Come on . Let 's sit down . We 'll talk this through . Help me understand . Hey . Where the hell is Rachel ? What is with her and her cell phone ? - Maybe her battery 's dead . - Christ . - Any change in Bob ? - He 's stable . No real change . How 's Mexico ? Hot . Buggy . In the middle of a revolution . I need everybody on this . I 'm sorry . You want us to drop Hudson ? How bad is it ? 46 cases , 5 people actively suffering from the disorder . It 's a hit-and-run thing , it lasts 3 or 4 days and then it 's gone . - You got a take on it ? - Maybe . There 's a Dr. Horner at Oxford who 's doing interesting work on calcitonin gene related peptide . No , I know Billy Horner . He 's got a long ways to go to understand the role of peptides . - Any other commonalities ? - Well , it 's a little farm town , so everybody 's drinking the same water , breathing the same air , eating local food . What 's your best guess , Mayko ? Maybe a trigger of some kind . Corn is really huge down here right now , everybody 's eating it . I 've got samples of everything they put on their crops . Park those samples with some techs . We 're getting our butts kicked . Some kind of killer TB . I need to get back up to NorBAC and ... - You 're breaking up . - ... thousands at risk . Get me on the next flight ASAP . I 'll try to get across the border today . Hello ? Look , if you can hear me , call me back . Bye . Shit . Kill me fucking now . What have we got ? The first ones to be sick were all Zapatista soldiers . There was no TB up here before . Maybe somebody from the outside brought it in . It would not be so easy for a stranger to go up this valley . - The government has patrols everywhere . - What are you thinking ? Okay . What about this ? The Mexican government has not invited anyone into Chiapas . - They 're fully aware of this outbreak . - It would not be the first time they 'd ignore the needs of the indigenous people . But what if this time , they 're ignoring the people because they want the TB to spread ? - What if they brought it here ? - You think this could be an attack ? I think if we find Patient Zero , he might have a lot to tell us . You 're suggesting the government is committing genocide using germ warfare . Why is it so hard to believe ? These are the most recent cases . I need to speak to these men right away . Munoz , wait a minute . I 'm going to go back to my lab tomorrow , try to characterize this bacterium . Carlos will stay on , see if he can locate Patient Zero , but let 's get some concrete answers before we start throwing around words like " biological weapons " . It 's time to go . Yes . Yes . All set . Ready . - Need some time ? - No . All ... All set . Did we lose any more in the night ? An old man and a child . I won 't be long . See ? All set . Lean toward me . - Is this really necessary ? - How else can I control you ? You know , I 've always wanted to have sex with a bag on my head . Go right ahead . But keep it down . I 've got some driving to do . Hey , Bob . Sorry it 's taken me so long to come and visit you . Been pretty busy since they put you out . Actually thinking of ... getting the same procedure done to myself . I could use a good long sleep . True , a bottle of scotch is more my style , but ... Why didn 't you call me , Bob ? We made a mistake ! Three months . Where the hell have you been ? David ? We have to go back ! We made a mistake . We can 't keep going . You have to find Roth . You just get better , okay ? One of those techs you hired screwed up the PCR - and ruined the samples from Mexico . - What are you looking at me for ? I came back to work with my team and they 're off dicking around in Illinois . That was a directive from Kirchner and you told me to send them there . I redirected them . They landed at Pearson an hour ago . Riddlemeyer cut me into a conversation with the State Department . You have no idea how much they do not want us in Chiapas . - Did you get the call yet ? - What call ? Kirchner wasn 't happy about seeing us turning around and coming back home . - We got a lot of work . - Is that ... ? Looks like Kirchner just got to Riddlemeyer . Wes Field . - Yes , Sir , I understand . - Wes . I understand your concern , but ... this is a very virulent multi-drug resistant strain of TB . Thousands of ... millions of people could die . And it 's knocking on our back door . We need to make this a priority . - We 've got a load of samples to test . - Park them with a tech . We 've gotta ID this TB and find a way to kill it . This thing in Illinois is ramping up . We 've got 7 new cases ... I don 't care . Pass it off to the CDC . There 's nobody who can deal with this thing in Chiapas but us . - This is what we 're gonna do . - It 's 11 o 'clock . - We haven 't slept for ... - Sleep when you 're dead . We 're going to culture this thing and find out what the hell it is ... tonight ! This strain of TB has the genetic makeup of a multi-drug resistant monster . All right . We know from the studies in Mexico that it 's resistant to all of the first line therapies and we know that it kills people fast . Could it be completely drug resistant ? We don 't know that for sure , because remember , Flouroquinolone , Capreomycin , Kanamycin , Amikacin ... those drugs haven 't been used down in Chiapas . Wait , hold on . Part of the MDR protein structure is very similar to a South African XDR strain that a team at Yale has been studying . And that South African has been bombarded with every drug therapy known to man with no success . Except , how can this Chiapas strain be resistant to drugs it 's never seen ? Carlos on two . How 's it going ? Six more dead this morning . Any progress with the distribution scatter ? Nothing concrete . Right now I 'm on vaccinations . When Sub-Commandante Munoz realized the extent of the outbreak , she scattered her men in the countryside . I 'm trying to convince her to gather them so that I can vaccinate and hopefully delay the onset of the disease . Why does she need convincing ? With the Mexican army in the area , she feels they 're safer where they are . That is just complete bullshit . Thank you for your opinion , Dr. Sandström . Let Carlos do his work . It is my job to protect my soldiers . If they all get sick and die , what good will it do you ? Let him vaccinate your men . Any more clues about the strain ? - We think it might be MDR TB . - What does that mean ? It means Multi Drug Resistant . This is very hard to kill . Look , the vaccinations finally arrived . I 've trained a dozen teams of men to help administer them . - It 's your best line of defence . - And for those who are already sick ? We 're culturing for other treatment cocktails to find the parameters of the drug resistance . You 're saying there are no drugs that will fight this ? Nothing in our current medicine chest . - This is bullshit . - So is not getting your men vaccinated . - Did you hear me ? - I heard you . - Carlos , you know what to do . - I do . Where you going ? Okay . Look , I have money . Maybe we can buy them off . Oh , shit . - Come on , we have to move . - If they catch us they will kill us . - We have to go ! - You go . What will you do ? Distract them . - I 'm good at distracting . - No ! I 'm not comfortable with the shortcuts we 're taking . We 're rushing the process and we 're gonna come up - with results that are inconclusive . - 20 people died last night . We 'll live with " inconclusive " . I got bad news . The sequence analysis is complete . Our TB strain is identical to the Kwazulu-Natal slum in South Africa . So it 's not just multi-drug resistant . It 's one level up . We don 't have a clue what can kill it . What the fuck is a South African TB strain doing in Chiapas ? David , Riddlemeyer 's on line 3 . - We 'll get to Illinois when we can . - It 's not about Illinois . Hello , Carl . Isn 't it past your bedtime ? I just got a call from Homeland . There was a firefight in Chiapas . It appears that Carlos was caught in the middle . He 's missing . And , we are to presume , dead . - You hear from David ? - No , you ? He went back to Mexico ? - Of course he did . - Damn it ! - I 'm still using those ! - Es un hijo de puta ! You don 't want me here , I 'll leave . Just give me Carlos . - Tell him what you told me . - The Federales attacked us . I ran one way , Carlos ran the other . Then I heard shots . He 's been missing for 2 days and you have nothing ! - I just came to see how he was doing . - He 'll be back sooner than you think . - But he is improving ? - You sound beat , David . It 's improving . Five minutes ago I thought I was dead . Nine-year-old who heated hot chocolate in the microwave ... scalded his mouth , tongue , lips , not to mention his oesophagus and stomach . All we know is that it produces a compound that blocks pain receptors . The plant-like fungus that I found in all the victims ? It 's not just growing in the victims . It 's growing in the noses of everybody in Hudson . Great . What are they snorting ? - David , how safe are you ? - I don 't know , Mayko .
