 Previously on " New Amsterdam " ... You 'll not grow old ... you 'll not die ... Have we met ? 'til you find the one ... I have one of those faces and your souls are wed . My Heart Exploded Chasing Some Guy On The Subway Sometimes A Coronary Is Just A Coronary I think she was there . - Who ? - The one . The one who make me old like you . I 'm a 65 years old man . You 're also my son . Dead body make you queasy what are you doing in Homicide . Did You Ever Locate My John Doe ? She 's the one what 're you waiting for . You Want To Tell Me How You Got Up From The Dead And Walked Out Of My E.R. ? and after waiting centry for this This Is My Husband Robert Camp Pleased to meet you Ohh ... what ? Hey , I can 't help it . I have a vivid dream life . Ohh . It was--it was night . I was swimming in the ocean . Bone tired . No sign of land . And then , uh , suddenly , a boat in the distance and a woman 's voice . Uh ... I swam towards her ... I was getting closer , then ... out of nowhere ... a whale surfaced ... and swallowed me . Heh . Thing was , I was still alive , trapped inside the whale , but alive . Maybe you can fool the dog , but that story ain 't about you . That 's jonah . Hey . It 's my dream . Uh-oh . New York time December 19 , 2003 . Yeah . A temporary glitch . " Dr. Sara Millay Dillane " daughter of Mary Dillane and Franklin Dillane " was married friday to Robert Camp . " That don 't sound temporary to me . How many times you been married ? Enough to know it 's supposed to be forever . I 'm just saying maybe she ain 't the girl of your dreams . It 's my dream , ok ? Amsterdam I know , Robert It 's so confusing . Half the time I don 't know what I feel . Yeah--yes , I care for you , too but there are other issues . All right , don 't yell at me , robert . This is one of the issues I 'm talking about . Yeah--I just--I need some more time . Yes , I know it 's all about marriage I don 't know how long . Ok , I gotta go No--I gotta go . I 'll call you later . Hang another unit . She 's going down fast . What 's her bp ? 60 over 40 . Oh , swell . Thanks for the call , frank . No problem . Where the hell 's Detective amsterdam Does she have a name ? Yeah , mary worth . Like the comic strip . Mary ? Do you know who did this ? Doctor : Is there a surgeon she 's drow it ... dolce vita ... Hey , look , dude , not now . Let us do our work . Hey ! This is my E.R. You want me to call security ? She 's in v-fib . Get the cart . Charge to 360 Charge Clear ! Look familiar ? Wait for me What 's up ? NEW AMSTERDAM Season 1 , Episode 02 : " Honor " She expired . The body can only stand so much trauma . Multiple stab wounds . And she was raped . Guess she 's in your court now . You ever think about doing something else ? Every 10 years . Black , one sugar . How 'd you know ? It 's how I drink it . What ? You don 't wear your ring . Not at work . You 're separated . Is it that obvious ? Marriage ... it 's hard . Yeah.Well ... I 've got the scars to prove it . Speaking of which , you want to tell me about the ones you have , the one above your heart , for example ? Ran into a sword . A sword . What about your shoulder ? Bullet hole . Stomach ? Shotgun blast . Arm ? Gardening accident . No , I didn 't want to bore you . Another sword.Or more like a- - a dagger , really . You walk away from a major M.I. , No sign of cardiac damage , you survive multiple shootings and stabbings ... you 're either the luckiest man alive or the unluckiest . Well , that 'll depend on whether you 'll have dinner with me tonight . I 'm on a shift . Tomorrow night . I try not to mix my personal and professional lives . Well , what happens when you fail ? I don 'T . Never ? Talk about boring . Nice view . Kind of romantic . Yeah , that 's what I thought . Doctor . Now , that was flirting . Definitely flirting . So what 's with you and that doc ? She has a crush on me . She just doesn 't know it . Yeah , you 're irresistible . Watch out ! get out of the street Trying to get yourself killed ? You keep that up , you 're gonna die young . I have good karma . I hate it when a vic doesn 't die at the scene . Damn emts destroy the place . If it was up to santori , everyone would die at the precinct right next to his desk . What are you staring at ? This park was originally called lang mesje . Dutch for long knife . Ironic , given the way she was killed . And that 's important why ? Well , it was the name for a creek that ran through here . The soil still has a sandy quality . Good for casting shoe prints like these . Now , we 'll need to compare them with the emts ' shoes . I talked to the first officer on the scene . He said the vic 's clothes were almost entirely ripped off . He said he 's never seen so much blood . What is it about women that scares men so much , they need to rape and kill to destroy it ? 1813 , Bronx * As oyster nan sat by her tub * * to show a vicious inclination * * she ... * * gave her nobler parts a scrub * * and sighed for want * * of copulation * Get away from me , coachman ! Do I look like a horse to you ? No , sir . No horse ... or whore . My kingdom for a whore ! Ah . Nice ... did you miss me ? Every second . But you should go inside before you invite trouble . Durst is so drunk he 'll fall asleep standing up . Will I see you tonight ? Oh , I 'd be lost without you . We can 't have that . Now off with you . I 've always wondered , mank , when you work on a female , do you ever think of her as a woman ? Not really . For the record , santori , when I work with you , I don 't really think of you as a man . We got more info on mary worth . She was a nun . Ursuline order . Really ? Oh , god , I 'm going to hell . How 'd you know that ? She was a nun.She was whispering something in the E.R. I couldn 't make it out . It just came to me . It was latin.Salve regina . Yeah.Prayer to the virgin mary . How do you know the order ? You 're not a catholic . Jeopardy ! Question . The ursulines have had residences in that area for a long time . They came over from cork in 1812 . It was a lucky guess . What do you have ? She has multiple puncture wounds , contusions on her arms and neck , probably from the struggle . Weapon Serrated knife . Traces of semen . And hair under her fingernails . We 'll send it all to the lab and run it for DNA She also had severe vaginal tearing . I hope you find this guy . Who 's there ? A ghost ? No . It 's my lucky day No Then why 'd you come here ? I don 't know . For comfort . That 's what I 'm offering That 's not what I meant What ... what 's happened , fanny ? No one can know Thank you Just got off with special victims . No matches Hey ! Space cowboy He 's done it before Not in this city . Check jersey You think he 's a serial ? Listen , we got a print here that doesn 't match any of the paramedics Oh . Deep imprint Over 6 feet , maybe Unique tread.Could be a specialized shoe Triple-e wide He 's big boy Maybe he 's a diabetic They suffer from swollen feet How did you know ? What ? 2 hits . One in jersey city , one in hoboken Experience Amsterdam On our way Another one . Uptown This one 's alive Thanks NYPD Can we see her ? She 's pretty shaky We 'll go slow Do that She was a virgin You need a second ? No Amartya Detective Marquez This is detective Amsterdam Why did they call you ? Well , they 're required to by law Ohh ... this is like a bad dream Do you mind if we sit with you for a while ? No one can know about this . No one I was at a fashion shoot at 37th and 8th You 're a model ? Designer I caught a cab uptown The driver wanted to go through the park He pulled over , said there was a problem with the tire He asked me if I could help him When I came out to look , he grabbed me by the hair and pulled me into the park Then what happened , amartya ? He pushed me to the ground He smelled of oil Patchouli oil I know the scent from india And he tore off my skirt And he did it He penetrated you ? He--he had this knife , and , uh ... I bit his hand ... and , uh ... he tried to cut me ... and I kneed him in the , you know And he screamed and then I rolled away And he chased me , um ... but it--it was dark And I hid in some trees And then ... I came here Is there anything you need ? Anything we can do for you ? You 're safe now . Really , I don 't feel safe It 's ok . I 'm here I 'm here Who are you ? Nypd . Detectives amsterdam and marquez I 'm charvi vikram , her sister Thank you for coming , but this is a family issue I wish it was.But there are other victims out there He may have raped and killed a nun last night Amartya , could you give us a description ? He was tall , white ... Tall--how tall ? Taller than me ? Please leave her alone ! She 's been through so much tonight . I want to go home Did you notice the taxi number ? Just 2 letters--x98 That 's enough.This can 't become public She won 't be pressing charges Ms. Vikram , she 's the only witness who can identify a serial rapist and murderer I 'm sorry , I can 't . Please leave ! Amartya , think of the next victim Johanna , don 't forget the gooseberry jam Mr. Durst likes it on his scone You hungry , John ? There 's bacon . Oh , not this morning Have you seen Fanny ? She 's been around Do you notice anything different about her ? I wouldn 't know Does she seem sad ? She 's a woman You know something you 're not telling me It 's better left as it is . What is ? I know you 've been stealing extra flour to feed your family , catherine I don 't think mr . Durst would like to hear that Don 't you know , john durst 's favorite sport is deflowering That 's the only flour he cares about 13 years ago , it was my turn Now it 's Fanny 's What do you got ? Cross-referenced the taxi medallion numbers with the special victims database.Got a hit The guy was popped 3 years ago for sexual assault The D.A. Declined to prosecute because the victim refused to cooperate Phillip long . Lives in jersey . He 's tall . 6 ' 3 " .All systems go Hold the elevator . Get out of ! the way get out of the way ! Cut him off ! I cut her Shoot him . Shut up ! Is that an army ranger knife , phil ? Tactical fixed blade , serrated edge ? Man , I always wanted one of those I was in the rangers , you know.Whitcomb 's rangers It was a long time ago You probably never heard of them . Shut up ! I 'll kill her , I swear ! You only kill women you 've raped You 're a diabetic , huh ? That 's tough . Whoa Everything swells up Hey . All this might just be a problem of low blood sugar Go ahead , move I mean , you gotta be impressed The lengths I 'll go to be in the same room as you There are other doctors You really think I got stabbed just to see you ? Now , that 's a little narcissistic I don 't know what to think You 're a very strange man You have no idea See how fast your blood clots ? I got back some more of your tests Your platelet level is 10 times normal and you have very low levels of factor 8 I love it when you talk medical . You have a nice laugh , sara You should do it more often I told you I couldn 't help you Can we talk to you alone ? We caught the guy , amartya But we need you to come down and identify him in a lineup With the dna sample and the other physical evidence , the D.A. Said it 's an open-and-shut case Then why do you need me ? You 're the sole witness Would I have to testify ? You may But ... it 'll send him away for a long time What 's the deal ? We 're running an hour behind Nypd . Homicide Hey . I 'm Ben Robinson I 'm shooting her collection You ok ? She told me Hope you nail the bastard We have He should rot in prison We 're working on it I told her she should take a pass on this collection She insisted on doing it It 's better if I 'm working You have our number Think about what we said . I know , fanny He 's ruined me He can 't take from you what you haven 't given He ... he was drunk He was too strong . I tried to fight him Did you ? How can you ask me that , john ? I 've lost the only thing I care about Your honor You I saved myself for you Are you sure he can 't see us ? Absolutely sure Do you recognize any of these men ? Number 3 Number 3 , take 2 steps forward Where do you know him from ? He 's the man who raped me Get him out of here He 'll never touch you again He said he 'd kill me if I told anyone . John didn 't tell me he had such a radiant new partner Oh , I don 't think radiant would be the word he 'd use How long have you known him ? Seems like my whole life Really ? So what 's the deal with him ? He 's a great detective , don 't get me wrong He 's like a savant But ... he 's got this bizarre sense of humor This weird past lives thing and he acts like he doesn 't care if he gets killed Oh , he cares , believe me You should have seen her , omar She took down this guy all by herself , single-footed I had it all under control , until you showed up There it is You 're famous Phillip long , the alleged taxi rapist who was apprehended earlier today was freed this evening on bail Charges have been reduced after the D.A. Admitted there was a problem with the dna evidence Mr. Long 's attorney accused the primary witness of being a publicity seeker An online gossip site has identified her as fashion designer Amartya Vikram Ms. Vikram refused any comment And in other news , sanitation workers Please , I just can 't talk about this anymore You have every right to be upset They said my name on tv It 's like a nightmare that keeps going on and on Many years ago I had a friend She was more than a friend she was--she was funny and decent , and then- - a man she worked for raped her Brutally I didn 't understand I didn 't listen And what I did hurt her more All she needed was to feel--feel safe , protected I didn 't do that for her . I 'd like to do it for you . Haven 't you done enough ? Now everyone knows who she is . The rapist knows . He 's probably sent her a gift basket . We can offer her police protection if she wants it . We 'll take care of her . I told you , it 's a family matter . You have to eat , girl . Why ? How are you , john ? How should he be ? He 's drinking my wine . You , johanna . Fetch me a glass . It 's like silk . Reminds me of your mother 'S . Here 's your wine . Watch yourself , coachman . What 's mine is mine . Amsterdam . Yeah . I 'm glad you called . I know just the place . Change . It 's very difficult . Before I went out on my own , I worked for the big houses . Novet , gaultier . When I finally started making money , I brought my family over . They lived in a small town outside of bangalore . I rented a place for them on the upper westside and ... they didn 't like it . Too american . Too modern . So , they moved to little india . Jackson heights . Hey run a store with my sister . My parents don 't know much about what I do . It 's probably better that way . Amartya ... it 's a lovely name . It means immortal . Really ? I wish I felt that way today . We 'll get him , amartya . You can stay here until we can arrange more formal security . Omar will look after you . Is charvi your only sibling ? I have 2 brothers and a younger sister . But she died . What about you ? Are you married ? Not presently , no . But you have someone in mind . Yes . Then you shouldn 't wait . In my religion , we believe in reincarnation , but I think the reason the soul keeps on traveling through time is to find its mate . If you 've found her , you should do everything not to lose her . Care for a ride , milady ? What are you doing ? Following the advice of a very wise young woman . You are a strange man . Do you even know how to drive this thing ? I 've had some practice , yeah . May I ? Everything changes . That 's the one constant . All these houses were stables . If we wanted to go to washington square , we 'd park the carriages here . You talk about it like you were there . I WaS . When the automobile replaced horses , they became artists ' studios . Dreiser , o 'neill , E.E. Cummings , they all lived around here . I love E.E. Cummings . " For life 's not a paragraph , and death I think is no parenthesis . " Yes . Good poet . Mean drunk . Do you believe in true love ? Whoa . That 's a big question . Oh , it 's the only question . Do you mean is there only one person in the world for each and every one of us ? Couldn 't have said it better . Total fairy tale . Made up by madison avenue to sell cosmetics . Really ? Mm-hmm . And by mothers to keep their daughters virtuous . Frankly , I 've always felt sorry for women who 've bought into that myth . Like I said , change is the only constant . Oh , boy . I need to get it . Yeah ? I 'll be right there . It 's amartya . Constable ? Can I have a word ? You may have 2 , if you 're willing to pay twice as much . It 's a private matter . In my job , all matters are public . Buy me a pint and I might consider it . I 'll do more than that . Proceed . I work for andrew durst . I accuse him of rape and assault . Are you the victim , then ? A maid . And others in his household . Durst should be put away . He 's a savage . But a wealthy one . How much are you offering ? All I have . But not all i have . The gentleman is innocent . Feel better ? No . She wasn 't a prisoner . She chose to go . I shouldn 't have left her . He only went in the kitchen to make her some food . When he came out , she was gone . What could you have done ? Do we know who called her ? We requested an emergency dump on her phone . Long must have followed her to omar 's and then waited for her to leave . The stab wounds look different to me . How ? No serrated edge , maybe a curved blade . So he used a different knife . I mean , he had to . We have the original weapon . And there 's no evidence of rape . Listen , we got a fix on long . You want to pay him a visit ? You take it . I 'm gonna look into her photographer . You were seeing amartya . Did she tell you that ? Well , I know she trusted you enough to tell you about the rape . You called her last night . It was on her cell records . I left a message . She never called back . Yet here you are , business as usual . I didn 't know what else to do . Work 's the only thing keeping me sane . We were engaged . - Hadn 't told anyone yet . - Why ? Her family didn 't approve . I 'm american . I 'm a jew . Her family 's still living in the middle ages . Figure it out . Well , since you 're here , we could use more wine . Get it yourself . You can always tell where my coachman is ... by the smell of horse dung . And you are a thief ... Not likely . I have everything I need . Of honor . Women 's honor . You mean that whore fanny . Hmm . She had no honor to lose . And since you 're hardly a gentleman , neither do you . I demand satisfaction , if you are a gentleman . You know that the one who is challenged chooses the place , the distance , and the weapon ? Then do it . Pistols . 10 paces . In the garden at dawn . I accept . " Take honor from me and my life is done . " Honor . A word we almost never hear anymore , 36 . Not in america . It used to mean virtue , nobility . Now ... it 's become just another reason to kill . Maybe it was always that way . Do you have a warrant ? Then get out of my store ! I 'm looking for something special . We 're closed . Look , detective ... I 'm sure you did what you thought was best , but my sister is dead , and nothing you can do now will bring her back . Tell me about your other sister . Maya ? She died a few years ago , before we came here . How ? An accident . I really don 't want to talk about it . It 's painful , that kind of loss . The thing is , I checked it out , in the bangalore times . It wasn 't an accident . She was murdered , wasn 't she ? Stabbed . An honor killing . You were the one who called them , aren 't you ? I don 't have to talk to you . She trusted you , and that was her mistake . She wasn 't scared of the rapist , was she ? She was scared of her family . If they found out she 'd been raped , who knows what they 'd do ? Well , amartya knew . Her sister maya had already paid the price . You have no proof . You picked her up that night and took her to meet somebody . Somebody who had a- - a knife like this . Will you be next , charvi ? You cannot understand ! Your sister brought you here . She supported you . She loved you . She deserved so much better . no second . Why am I not surprised ? I have no need to drag others into my affairs . Do you apologize ? You know the answer to that . It 's just as well . Your death will be apology enough . Long 's copping a plea . That 's good . We found another witness who I.D. ' D him for the mary worth killings . You ok ? Yeah . I 'm sorry to keep you waiting . Why you ask me here ? For torture ? We only do that to guilty people . Charvi was very upset after you come . She do not tell me what it is about . Amartya . Yes . Someone once said that ... to outlive your children is the worst tragedy . No one can know . No . The reason I asked you here was to deliver some good news . The man who raped your daughter has confessed . I pray to shiva for that . He admitted to raping amartya . And killing her . I hope this provides some comfort to your family . Yes . I wanted to tell you myself before it was splashed all over the news . He say he kill her ? He also ... described the rape in detail . Unfortunately , that will also be in the papers . Bastard . He 'll get what he deserves . Ready ... 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ... he said he stabbed her , mr . Vikram . Over and over ... 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 . He said he raped her a second time before he killed her . He 's an animal . He rape her again ? No . It--it cannot be . I know this is difficult to hear . No . No . She was not raped again . - How do you know that ? - I know . Were you there ? Good shot . Not perfect , but ... good . Now it 's my turn . Mr. Vikram , you have the right to remain silent . I do not want to be silent . This man , he tried to steal what is mine . I only do what I must for my family . You killed her . Yes . I , uh , I consider this matter settled . But I don 'T . I love my daughter . She understand . This is our way . As a man , I do what I must . As you did to your other daughter . You do not know . How can you ? Your world , it is not my world . Now , look ... I have money . I can open doors for you . Where I live ... without honor there is no life . There is nothing . You have nothing that I want . Come on . We 'll have to pick up charvi . She 's a co-conspirator . You knew he wanted to confess . He wanted to let everyone know what he 'd done . That 's the point of honor killings . It should be called something else . Murdering women for falling in love with someone different . Leaving an abusive marriage . Or ... getting raped . There 's no honor in that . What is it about women that scares us so much ? There 's one waiting for U. Why don 't you ask her ? Hi . Let 's go . I can come with you . No . I killed a gentleman . They 'll come after me . It wouldn 't be safe for you . I don 't care . I do . I did you a great wrong , fanny . I--I failed you when you needed me most . He 'll never lay a hand on you again . What will happen to me now ? If you care for me at all , fanny , you will live to a ripe old age . You will marry , you 'll have many children , and you 'll be happy . # There are angels in your angles # there 's a low moon # caught in your tangles # there 's a ticking at the sill # there 's the purr of a pigeon # to break the still of day # as on we go drowning down we go away # and , darling ... I 've waited a very long time for this . # Down we go away # away # as on we go drowning down we go away # and , darling # we go a-drowning down we go away
