 Originally , the question was : " how do you redo Battlestar Galactica ? How do you remake it ? " The world didn 't need another science fiction fantasy . They were already 10 copycats out there as it was . You sure it 'll fly ? Reactor is still hot , so we have to pull the rad buffers from the engine , refuel it , load the ordnance and you 're ready to go . We wanted to go back to the beginning , reach out the original tale in a different way . To tell stories that are gonna be very visceral and resonate with our culture and with our times . All ministers and officials should now go to case orange . The President and Vice-President and most of the cabinet are dead or incapacited . Send a message : I 'm taking command of fleet . We wanna do something to the genre that hasn 't been done in a generation which is actually treat it seriously . This is the map to earth . The critical response has been really gratifying . I don 't thing I really anticipated it would be so well received . It 's not enough to survive . One has to be worthy of surviving . We both came at this opportunity with the motivation and the agenda to blow the wheels off the genre . The war is over . It hasn 't begun yet . " Starbuck " , there is a call sign . How 's the wife ? Ultimately , I think the show 's a success to almost anybody because this ... what it really is about is about people , it 's a character drama . There 'll be back story and technology that they may not understand , but they 'll be able to quickly identify the key character relationships . You can enjoy it purely on the basis of the drama and the plotting , or you can have a deeper enjoyment of it if you 're a regular viewer by enjoying the soapy arc as it were . What 's the charge this time ? Just striking a superior ass . I bet you 've been waiting all day to say that one . - Most of the afternoon , yeah . - Right . There 's a search for truth that we sort of explore continually . What would happen in this circumstances ? What would people really do ? Not what 's the dramatic thing , not what 's the TV thing . What would happen to these people , how would they conduct themselves ? How would these ships really work in space ? And that philosophy has sort of driven us since the beginning . A battlestar is sort of a combination of an aircraft carrier and a battleship in space . A battlestar 's a big , scary piece of machinery . It 's a really powerful warship , the most powerful in the colonial fleet . The Galactica was actually on its way to being retired . It was an old battlestar that was used in the first war against the Cylons , which took place about 45 years ago . Commander Adama , if I may ? Captain ? I just wanted to say what a pleasure it 's been serving on your command . Its commander , Adama , was also a veteran of the first cylon war , and he , too , was going to go into retirement . Attention on deck ! He 's the father figure of the entire series . The cylon war is long over , yet we must not forget the reasons why so many sacrificed so much in the cause of freedom . " The Cylons were created by man " , as we say at the beginning of the credit every week . And then one day , the Cylons sort of woke up and decided , " Frak this . " Why are we working for you ? And you have enslaved us . " And they turned against their masters , and there began the first cylon war . You cannot play God , then wash your hands of what you 've created . Sooner or later , the day comes when you can 't hide from the things that you 've done anymore . After the first cylon war ended in an armistice , the 2 sides stayed apart for 40 years . The little do they know that the Cylons , off by themselves , have been evolving and developing . So when the Cylons suddenly burst upon the scene after 40 years of silence and attack the colonies and wipe them out ... It has begun . They also showed up looking like human beings . - You 're telling me you 're a machine . - I 'm a woman . You 're a synthetic woman , a robot . I 've said it three times now . I 'm having a little bit of trouble believing that , because the last time anybody saw the Cylons , they looked more like walking chrome toasters . The Cylons from the beginning , have wanted to wipe out humanity , and in their view , they feel like god has made them perfect . Mankind was imperfect . In a few hours , no one will be left . Humanity 's children are returning home ... today . Moments ago , this ship received word of a cylon attack against our home worlds is underway . As of this moment , we are at war . Come on ! All right , people , this is what we do . We 're the best . So let 's get the old girl ready to roll and kick some cylon ass ! Come on . Galactica , you 've got an inbound nuke . The colonists are trying to survive , first and foremost . Their civilization was wiped out . Their homes were wiped out . Virtually everyone else that they ever knew in their lives are gone and dead . Update on the head count . And they 're searching for a placed called " Earth " . It won 't be an easy journey . It 'll be long and arduous , but I promise you one thing ... On the memory of those lying here before you , we shall find it , and Earth will become our new home . There 's a point at which the admiral stops thinking and just starts feeling and will go with his gut and will lead that way . We trained for this . If we 're off on our calculations by even a few degrees , we could end up in the middle of the sun . No choice . You 're never entirely sure what Bill Adama is gonna do , but it also reinforces the sense there 's a certain sense to the universe , that if Adama says " we 're gonna go left " we 're gonna go left , and God help us , there 's probably a good reason for it . Jump . Launching those fighters on a hunch ... You saved our ship . Just doing my job . You do your job good . That 's why I need you , Saul . That , and that we 're friends . Adama 's best friend for 30-some odd years now has been colonel Saul Tigh . If the crew doesn 't hate the X.O. , then he 's not doing his job . Besides , gotta make the old man look good . I always look good . Look in a mirror . Like ... two brothers , I think Adama and Tigh can say things to each other that no one else can say to either of them and get away with it . I think they 're also , like brothers , not afraid to ... usually involving a bottle of something between them ... acknowledge their love for each other . Laura is essentially , the wisdom of the show . She never imagined to be president . She wasn 't on that track at all . She 's had to literally rise to the occasion , and make many mistakes along the way , lose her way , reclaim it , and , really , that 's what a leader is ... Someone who 's not perfect but can lead in spite of their imperfections . You tried to steal an election ? Yes , I did . But Gaius Baltar ... cannot become president of the colonies , Bill . It cannot happen . She 's always been willing to cross lines she never thought she would . President , we have to eliminate the " Olympic Carrier " . - Immediatly . - Do it . But all in service of the idea that mankind hangs in the balance , and her mission in life was to get humanity home , which was complicated by the idea that she has cancer . She wants to get everyone to Earth before she dies . There is no Earth . You understand that ? It would seem that we were wrong . It 's been a slowly percolating relationship between Laura and Adama . They started in major conflict , did not like each other , did not trust each other at all , and they started to respect one another first , then they started to like one another , started to appreciate one another and they 've gotten to a point now where they 're very close . We 've been at war so long , sometimes we forget what we 're fighting for , live life as people again . Galactica , Starbuck . Showtime . We got one turkey playing hide-and-seek in the clouds . When we made Starbuck a woman , it was the most controversial thing , before the series came out . There was lots of " Oooh " and uproar in the fan community about how could we do this ? Ultimately , it was one of the smartest moves we made . It 's the kind of thing that you knew was gonna get this huge backlash . The fans were gonna be up in arms about it , there would be all this controversy and that 's what you want . With all due respect , I am the best shot in or out of the cockpit . She 's right . For once . She 's the best pilot in the fleet . She 's her own worst enemy . And Adama loves her like a daughter , Lee loves her like a lover , and everyone else kinda thinks she 's insane . You are beyond insane ! Lee Adama began the series as a fighter pilot . Captain , thank you for joining us . Commander , could you put your arm around your son ? Perfect . It 's the father / son relationship that , you know , has a rift in it , and their initial scene together was played with Adama 's back to his son in its entirety . I believe that was Eddie Olmos ' idea . " I wouldn 't look at him , " he said , and that sort of encapsulated the nature of their relationship . That 'll be all So the series really has become the struggle to rebuild that relationship , it 's often 2 steps forward and 1 step back , which I think resonates with a lot of men who have issues with their fathers much like that . After the initial Cylon attack , Lee became not just a pilot , but the lead pilot , the commander of the air group , or the CAG , as we call him . That was his role for some time . - You 're the CAG . Act like one . - What the hell does that mean ? It means that you 're still acting like you 're everyone 's best friend . We 're not friends . You 're the CAG . Well , I 'm glad I 'm not working for you . Apollo and Starbuck have had a charged relationship from the very beginning . Good to see you , too , Captain . Remember me to send you to the brig later . Lee 's much more of a idealist and a straight arrow and a believer in a lot of romantic notions , and Kara is anything but that . Kara continually is self-destructive and sabotaging herself and challenging authority or finding ways to destroy relationships that are very important to her . - Kara got married . - What ? Yep , about an hour ago . She wakes me up , she pops the question , she drags me down to the priest and bang ! Like that , we 're married . So it was your idea ? Yeah . Good luck . You 're gonna need it . Lee , partially as a response , married Dualla . And so they were married to other people for quite some time , and they still actually , technically are . Gaius Baltar was a brilliant scientist and egotist back on Caprica , And he was a magnet for women and loved women in every way , shape and form . Did you miss me ? Couldn 't you tell ? I think Gaius Baltar is the show 's libido . He 's equal parts , you know , Stephen Hawking , Jim Morrison and the backroom side of Bill Clinton . Why are you here ? Ultimately , that was part of his undoing and the undoing of the human race . - You were chosen for my mission . - What mission ? You knew I wanted access to the defense mainframe . Once he realized that and realized that the woman he had been seeing was a Cylon who we came to know as Number Six , he had a complete mental break , and he started seeing a Number Six that would appear to him and talk to him . - This is insane . - And what I want most of all is for you to love me . God is love . Baltar 's never been on the side of the Cylons but he has never really been on the side of humans either . He 's really on his own side . Every time I feel like we 're gonna tell a story where Baltar is gonna finally learn his lesson , somehow he 'll find a way to compromise himself . You 're here ... because you want to be human . But there 's a trick to being human . You have to think only about yourself . You look ... so lovely tonight . You can kill Cylons , but there are many copies . Five times now . Their consciousness and their entire memory is instantaneously downloaded into a new body , and they resurrect . You 've been reborn . And this makes them a very difficult enemy to ever really conquer , ' cause as many times as you mow them down , more just keep coming up behind them . This man has been identified as a Cylon agent . There 's only 12 models of Cylons that we know . Some many not even know they 're Cylons . They could be sleeper agents programmed to perfectly impersonate human beings until activation . This idea that your best friend , your lover , the person whom you 've known your entire life , might be able to turn on you in a way and at a time you would least expect . - Let 's get you debriefed . - Yes , Sir . The Sharon aboard " Galactica " in the miniseries , was unaware she was a Cylon . Roger that . At the end of the first season , she took out a gun and shot Adama ... and realized that : " My god , I was a Cylon sleeper agent , my programming suddenly activated " and I shot one of the men that I care the most in the universe . " - What happened ? - Secure that thing in the brig . An other Sharon was simultaneously on Cylon-occupied Caprica . Are you prepared for the next step ? Yes . - She encountered Helo ... - Sharon ? And she was deliberately letting Helo believe that she was the Sharon that he had once known . Another prime motivation of the Cylons is they want to be able to reproduce biologically . The Cylons sent Sharon in ... to manipulate Helo in order to try to have a child , thinking that if Helo fall in love , that would be enough . - Does he love you ? - I think so . What they didn 't bargained for was that she would fall in love with him as well . Once she fell in love with Helo , she couldn 't betray him , and she elected to go with him back to " Galactica . " So now the two Sharons actually swapped sides . The Sharon that is aboard Galactica , married to Helo and is Hera 's mother , was actually the enemy at the beginning of the series , and there 's a Sharon aboard the Cylon base ships , who was with us at the very beginning of the series . - I don 't know what 's so complicated . - You need a diagram ? What 's wrong ? All the models of Cylons share certain traits . You can say that all the Sharons tend to be more naive , more trusting , to be pulled by their heart in one direction or another . The Sixes all tend to be ... seductive on some level , manipulative on some level , and insecure on some level . They 're capable of deception and brutality . The number sixes also have become , the gateway for the audience to be forced to acknowledge the humanity within the Cylons . The Leobens tend to be more spiritual . In tune with ideas of god and man and the relationship with the spirit . I only want you to see the truth of your life . That 's why god sent me to you . That 's why god wants us to be together . The Dorals are more bureaucratic and by the numbers and just trying to get things done . The Simons tend to be caregivers , and health professionals . Jump the ship . All the Cylons are equal in theory but the D 'annas try to dominate any settings . They try to become the de facto leaders . Well , this is an awkward moment . The Cavils are more mysterious . The Cavils have a great investment in protecting the hierarchical order . There 's a suggestion that perhaps the Cavils exist to keep the Cylons honest . Atmosphere is nitrogen / oxygen , fresh water . At the end of the second season , they found a planet that was hidden from the Cylons in a nebula . So they stayed on this planet that they christened " New Caprica . " Probably pneumonia . So give him something . I 'd love to . I 've been out of antibiotics for months . The new Caprica experience was not going well , and then suddenly , the Cylons found them anyway . Cylons just jumped into orbit , and the fleets jumped away . They arrived in force , so then began the Cylon occupation of new Caprica . - What do you want to do now ? - The same thing we always do . We fight ' em until we can 't . Ready ? Now . Frakkin 'insurgents . After several months , Adama and Lee came back with Galactica and Pegasus and managed to rescue the human population . Adama ! Adama ! Adama ! This is Apollo . Do you read me ? Starbuck , report ! Kara went out on a mission where she got into this weird headspace . She was flying towards this gas giant , and she started feeling drawn into it , and eventually , she spiraled straight in , and her ship exploded and she was killed . Everyone aboard Galactica certainly felt the impact of that death . Reverberations were still being felt , by the end of the third season , when suddenly a viper appears , and Kara 's inside and says ... I 've been to Earth , and I 'm gonna take us there . There 's a lot of questions going into year four about who and what is Kara Thrace . That song you 're humming , I hear it everywhere . But I can 't really hear it . You know what I mean ? It 's like you can grab just a part of the melody , then it goes away - like something from ... - Childhood . At the end of the third season , we revealed four of what we call the final five Cylons . There 's Anders , Tory , Colonel Tigh and chief Tyrol , and they didn 't know they were Cylons until the end of the season . After all this time , a switch goes off just ... like that . Colonel tigh is probably the biggest Cylon hater of all , which was one of the reasons why he made the perfect Cylon . I am an officer in the colonial fleet . Whatever else I am , that 's the man I want to be . You got a slight hint about their initial reaction which ran the gamut from horror to disgust , and then you 're out . What 's their connection to one another and most of all , who 's the final one ? Who 's the fifth of the final five ? Kara is still married to Anders . So exactly how sam 's gonna react when she walks back aboard Galactica . They 've a lot to talk about : She 's dead , he 's a Cylon and they 're married . So it 's much like most relationships , actually . Season four picks up literally where season three ended , in real time . Don 't freak out . It really is me . There comes a bit of a split among people and their loyalties . Who 's gonna listen to Kara and who is not , particularly with Adama . - Where ? - To your new life . Baltar discovers a new role for himself as a religious figure . In the Cylon world , we see divisions and pressures for the first time . Real conflicts develop between them , which creates certain dangers and certain opportunities for the colonials . Laura Roslin 's cancer came back at the end of the third season , and her cancer 's not gonna go away this year , which will also inform her relationship with Adama . Sam . You all , just stay the frak away from me . The four Cylons will try to figure out what they 're supposed to do . All running into the common theme of these characters asking themselves the terrifying question : " Will I sabotage my own people ? " No one 's asking anyone to forget or to forgive , but we have to look to the future . This show has a built-in ending : they 're looking for a place called earth and eventually , they gotta find it . Commence jump prep . We 're going to the ionian nebula . In order to honor that principle , the show 's gotta end . We all want : " Wow , it was really great right up until the end . " Three , two , one ... Jump .
