 I think it 's the best television science fiction ever made . No doubt about it . He 's gonna try to get into your head . 30 milions people should be watching it every week . D 'you seen it ? Did you see it ? It 's the bible of television . That 's what it is . It seems you made an impression after all . See that ? I think it 's the best show I 've ever seen . It 's a very subversive series . Apollo , get out of there ! Abort ! No ! The concept of the show is so amazing , having all these individuals crash-land on an airplane on this magical island and ... " Battle " what ? " Galactica actual , " go ahead . I 'm getting my men . I have to admit , I was ... I was a bit leery about " Battlestar Galactica . " I suggest you reconsider . There were so many , like , revampings of old things , and I was like , " I don 't think so , " and then I finally caved . And the second you start watching , you 're like , " all right . It 's ... it might be the most awesome thing . " Are you alive ? It was like taking a canvas high-top that you would see white dudes in the ' 50s playing basketball in and making the air jordan . This is what this series is now . Stand up there and give them what they need ... A hero . I 'll sit down and go , " That 's more entertainment , more twists , " more unexpected stuff , more humanity , more shocking , " like , extraordinary storytelling than I 've seen , that was a great episode , " and then they 'll run the opening credits . So say we all . I think I called you and said , " What the frak did you turn me on to ? " There 's no weak link . It 's just in that upper echelon of television . A peabody award is presented to " Battlestar Galactica . " Every week , it 's better than going to the movies . Frakkin ' unbelievable . That was off-the-record . It 's not a guilty pleasure show . It 's a great show . If you like science fiction , you 're gonna love it . If you don 't like science fiction , I think you 're gonna love it . Brace for contact , my friend . Transcript by italiansubs . Net edited and spell-checked by rogard Synch : Robbie It will not be an easy journey , and I promise you one thing : on the memory ... of those lying here before you , we shall find it , and earth will become our new home . " Battlestar Galactica " is basically about , um , the end and possibly , the beginning of the human race . The show 's about the last 40-odd , 50,000 survivors of the human race who have left their home planet , Caprica , because they were attacked by the Cylons . Machines that we built that , of course , have out-evolved us . Everyone 's thinking there was some kind of peace treaty . Nobody 's heard a peep from the Cylons in 40 years . And then out of the blue , the robots attack . And basically , most of human life is wiped out , except for the few people that are on spaceships . I remember sweating when they pull away , and you see the nuclear bombs going off on that planet , and you 've got these machines , that supposedly we created , that are hunting us down and trying to ... to extinguish the rest of humankind . You know , you rally behind that . If we make mistakes , people die . There aren 't many of us left . We not only have to survive , we have to deserve to survive , and the decisions that are so crucial that we have to make ... sometimes with our hearts and sometimes absolutely without them ... really is what I think the show revolves around . They would have destroyed themselves anyway . They deserve what they got . We 're the children of humanity . That makes them our parents , in a sense . True , but parents have to die . It 's the only way children come into their own . There 's 12 different Cylon models , all with different personalities , different attitudes , and they 've evolved Into , you know , these ultra humans , basically . The Cylons have the ability ... to mimic human form . They look like us now . That 's what , I think , has made this version of " Galactica " so much superior than the original one , because you don 't know who the Cylons are . I could be a Cylon . I am not a frakking ' Cylon . I 'm not ... Oh ... Well ... Okay , then . What " Battlestar " does right is , most science fiction shows forget that science fiction is not a story . It 's a setting . ... that doesn 't depend on spaceships and aliens and blinking lights and kind of the kitschy stuff that cheapens a lot of sci-fi . " Battlestar Galactica " is all about storytelling . Permission to speak off the record , sir . Granted . You 're a bastard . You just don 't know when to keep your mouth shut , do you ? You 're weak because you 're a drunk . Are you done ? Yes , sir . When you hear the word " sci-fi , " that literally makes women run screaming . They 're like , " Huh ? What ? I 'm gonna go read 'the Kite Runner . ' " So that alone is a hurdle . The strangest thing about it is they pull off this dark , doomsday , military look , and yet , it appeals to my wife . Very sweet . You love me . No , you love me . You can 't take it back . There 's no take backs . " Battlestar Galactica " is all about human beings . I have cancer . I wish I could say it was the least of my worries , but the world is coming to an end , and all I can think about is that I have cancer , and I 'm probably going to die . My wife and I watch together . If either of us watched it without the other , that would be grounds for divorce . Men andwomen can share this . My wife not included . She 'd rather watch " dancing with the stars . " The relationships are the central focus of it . You know , sometimes it feels like the whole ship thinks , uh , Starbuck would do better . I don 't . How can you be so sure ? 'cause you 're my son . If you lived in a world that was suddenly taken away from you , and you just happened to live , how would you continue to live ? I never wanted this kind of responsibility . The Cylons never asked us what we wanted . Welcome to the big leagues . What 's great about the show is there 's a constant sense of urgency . Dradis contact . It 's the Cylons . Damn it . The whole underlying story of , can we save this race ? How do you keep people hopeful when you 're floating through space ? You 've got 50,000 people left on these spaceships , Running out of food , running out of air , running out of everything and constantly under attack by the Cylons , a far superior force . The tone is as dark as it should be . How could you make light of the fact that the human race is about to become extinct ? How many casualties do we anticipate ? It 'll cost us . If you succeed , what 's to prevent the Cylons from coming back with reinforcements ? Nothing , but if you keep running from the schoolyard bully , he keeps on chasing you . But the moment you turn around and stop , and you punch him really hard in a sensitive spot , he 'll think twice about coming back again . Even though the humans are so outmatched in every way , shape and form , they just gotta suck it up . So it 's either this or run out of fuel and be annihilated . Sometimes you have to roll the hard six . " Battlestar " is , uh , it 's shot in a way that few science fiction shows are , by making everything seem extremely real , extremely lived in . Welcome to " Galactica . " Well , you gotta remember that " Galactica " ... was a decommissioned battlestar . It was gonna be a museum . It 's a bucket . It 's an old warhorse . Is your auto landing system down ? I was , uh , hands-on for the whole approach . It 's all hands-on here , captain . There are no auto landings in the " Galactica . " Visually , it just sets the entire tone ... these dark corridors , everything seems wet and cold , and frankly , like it 's gonna break down . And hard seal . Hard seal 's secure , sir . And all the old phone stuff must have saved them a bundle . We have the same phones here at e ! I 'd want one , and I would just say , " Joss actual " all the time , and people would say , " Please don 't answer the phone like that . That 's embarrassing . " Attention . Set condition one throughout the fleet . It was all about function . It 's not about comfort . Like , even Adama 's quarters ... I 've seen that set . I wouldn 't want to go on that toilet . It 's gross . It 's not suddenly " minority report " Where you have cars on tracks sliding up and down buildings , and that 's the new " subway system . " It 's like , " yeah , well , you know , " I still ... " have to screw this in with a screwdriver . " there 's still bullets in this gun , 'cause that what works really well with ... with shooting stuff . " Like , those vipers ... They don 't fly themselves . These guys are flying these things like real pilots , and if they don 't , the humans are done , so you better make sure you 're flying that clunky old viper the best you can and take those Cylons out . All of the details of it ... The way that the ships land ... It ... It feels like an actual flying craft skidding onto a platform . It 's really cool . Every time the raiders come out of the ... the Cylon ship , and there 's just thousands of them with streaks of gunfire across space , it 's awesome . I think what I 'm impressed most about ... the ... production ... Is you have a budget . There are things you can do . There 's things you can 't do . I 've never seen anything in " Battlestar " that said , " Oh , that 's where they cut a corner . " There has never been better special effects in any science fiction television show ever . They 're as good as many movies , and I 'm astounded by them . Three , two , one . Jump . And who ... or what are you ? I 'm an angel of God sent here to protect you . To what end ? To the end of the human race . Everybody is extraordinarily compelling . It 's one of the best ensembles I 've ever seen . Edward James Olmos , Mary McDonnell are two of my favorite actors , and most of the other actors were unknown to me , and I love that . Uh , when people try to give me information about them , " I just go , " nah , nah , nah , nah , nah . They don 't exist . They 're the characters . " I don 't think I 've ever connected with a show like I 've connected with this one . The cost of wearing the uniform can be high , but ... sometimes it 's too high . The writers wrote the hell out of that speech . That very first speech Adama gives shows you the ride that you 're gonna be on , this ride of " Battlestar Galactica . " One line stays with every episode I see . You cannot play God , then wash your hands of the things that you 've created . Very deep . Mm-hmm . Need something , captain ? Yeah , I frakkin ' need something . I need my viper . Sorry , captain . Vital missions only . What do you mean , vital missions only ? We 're on strike . The female characters on this show , you know , it 's the next step . It 's not a feminist statement ... " Look . They can be strong . " Sex is not an issue . We 've moved past so many of the preconceptions . Please inform commander Adama that we are currently involved in rescue ... operations , and we require his assistance . I 'm not sure he 's gonna respond very well to that request . Then tell him ... This comes directly from the president of the 12 colonies , and it 's not a request . In the universe of " Battlestar Galactica , " the women rule . You 've got all these hot ladies , and they 're all really smart , and they all kick ass . The women of " Battlestar Galactica " ... Hmm . Come on , Starbuck . I will say that fight between Starbuck and six ... Awesome . Okay . Got anything left ? Here 's what 's so innovative about the ... girl fighting on " Battlestar Galactica " ... No hair-pulling , but still very sexy . You have the guts to try and frak another man 's woman , but not to fight one ? I think one of the hardest things for old fans of the original " Battlestar , " like I was , to grasp was that Starbuck was gonna be a girl . And he was like , " oh ! " oh , that 's horse crap . I 'll never ... but now ... But can you even ... can you even imagine it any different now ? If you want me to dance , just ask . Starbuck loves me so much . It 's weird . Um , she 's always flirting with me onscreen . Me in a dress is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity . Madam president . I thought you hated these things . It 's colonial day . Where else would I be ? I 'm a patriot . You really are , aren 't you ? I think science fiction generally affords you the opportunity to be more politically relevant than anything else because people are a step back , and they 're willing to listen . Uh , you can talk about things in a way that doesn 't divide people . I don 't care that it 's effective . I don 't care that the Cylons can 't stop it . It 's wrong . No more suicide bombings , colonel . It 's one thing to write a story about the world that we live in . It 's another thing to create a world to tell a story about the world that we live in . You know , there are times when I look at you , and I forget what you are . You were like a big sister . It 's amazing to watch all these characters having to make the difficult decisions that people are making right now in this world . I am aware that you were in charge of the mission that destroyed the " Olympic Carrier . " I know what a hard thing that is to live with . I can 't stop thinking about it , but a man ... has to accept responsibility for his actions . He ... he doesn 't second-guess the choices he makes . Nobody gets to be perfect . No political view gets to be sacred . Everything is put to the test , and , uh , all of this happens during some of the most awesome sci-fi I 've ever watched . " Galactica , " " Pegasus . " Let us take some of this work off your hands . The whole series is like an allegory for what 's happening in our country and what 's happening in this world , and that 's why they won the Peabody . We ask our audience to think about the world in which they live , but to draw their own conclusions . And that 's why " the soup " won a Peabody . Oh , yeah , we did . I didn 't even know about the Peabody award until I read about it because of " Galactica . " I was like , " Ooh , that 's very prestigious . " And Matt and Trey ... if that doesn 't validate it , nothing will . I think Trey and I will always be grateful ... to the Peabody awards for introducing us to " Battlestar Galactica . " We 'll just , uh , say for all the honorees , Congratulations , " Battlestar Galactica . " And thank you very much . I love you , Starbuck . I love you , Starbuck . Kara , I want our marriage back . And what if I 'm just not ready for that ? I don 't know . Then I guess you 'll never be . When I watch this , I try to turn off any storytelling instincts I might have so I can just let the thing happen . Usually , they surprise me , even if I 'm working on all cylinders trying to figure it out . I made a vow in the sight of the gods , and I 'm not gonna break that . You 're breaking it every time we do this . I came into it late , but these jokers ... Every single day ... " Oh , my gosh . We all got together at Doug 's house " and watched ' Battlestar . ' Aah ! " We ... We fell in love with each other all over again . " We ate a bunch of nachos and hugged ... " and talked about how great television is and how it 's been saved by this show . " There 's a guy on " the soup " staff . We call each other like little girls who 've just seen " Hannah Montana " after an episode . I 'm like , " did you see that ? Yeah , I know . I did , too . Come on over . You 're my best friend . " I watch it alone , because I don 't wanna hear what you gotta say while I 'm watching it . And , you know , people will start talking ... Yeah . ... and that would make me mad . If anybody ever talks about it , has a theory , and they 're right , that is a retroactive spoiler , and then I have to retroactively kill them . I haven 't seen it . I haven 't seen it . Please don 't say anything . I don 't want to hear any words . Shut up , shut up , shut up . I don 't care who number eight ? Shut up ! We usually watch the show on the road on a bus . There were people that got shortchanged that bought concert tickets because we were rushing through on Fridays to see it . Here 's the ritual ... It 's my wife going , " are you gonna do the dishes ? " And I go , " ' Battlestar Galactica 's ' on . " And then she says our 3-year-old Eddie is watching " Jay Jay the jet plane . " And then I go , " well , I 'm bigger than he is , " and then I get to watch it . Oh , frak me . Frak you . Why don 't you go frak yourself ? Don 't frak with me . Frak it . Never mind . Yeah , we say " frak " a lot , uh , out on the road , and ... and it 's great because no one 's really offended , but it still has the punch . I use the word " frak " ... a lot . You do . Yeah . She uses both of ' em . No , I 'm still using . uh , pretty much ' fuck ' exclusively . I haven 't become " Battlestar " - speak guy . I have , however become Dwight from " the office . " " Do you watch ' Battlestar ' ? " " No . " " Then you 're an idiot . " I have a shirt that says " Frak off . " So when I really want to , uh , you know , show my love for the show , I 'll ... I 'll pull that thing out . And it also ... It really attracts women . Don 't frak it up by overthinking . We were playing Vancouver , and we had a day off , and next thing you know , we get invited to the set . We had the greatest day ever . Everyone couldn 't have been nicer . And we got to sit in the vipers , and it was incredible . I gotta admit , like , the photo of me sitting in that thing , like ... like this , I 'm just ... That 's gotta be my proudest dork moment . I have no doubt that the writers of this show are scrambling to tie up every loose end , and I hope they do , 'cause we need answers . It 's true . We 're Cylons . The reveal of four of the final five Cylons being chief , Tigh , Tory and Anders , finding that out is just such a kick in the head . I 'll just ... just sit up in bed , and I 'll go , " Honey ! Tigh ... is a Cylon ! " Tigh killed his own wife because she was colluding with the Cylons , and now he is one . Where do you go ? By gods . And chief ... Arguably the heart of " Battlestar Galactica " ... How could chief be a Cylon ? So that 's it . After all this time ... a switch goes off just ... like that . There 's gonna be a major meltdown . There has to be . How do you suddenly find out your whole life is a fake ? There 's just one more . Just one more . God . Yeah . You ... Forgive me . I - I had no idea . I think it should be a really nice guy over on the set of " Eureka . " um , he 's not working right now , so ... if they were looking for a guest star . Oh . What if the last Cylon is us ? Oh . Think about it . Every time I think I know what 's going on , the writers go ten steps ahead of me , so , um , I know it 's gonna be great . Report ! Starbuck , report ! No ! No ! I think the biggest cliffhanger for season three is , what 's the deal with Starbuck ? Um , is she alive ? Everyone thought she was dead , and then suddenly , she pops back up , and it 's like , " What ? " Here she comes in her plane . You know , just sort of like , " Hey . I know where earth is . This way . Come on . " I 've been to earth , and I 'm gonna take us there . I really love the fact that they 're getting closer and closer to earth , and I hope they find it , because that 's , you know , the show 's gotta ... the show 's gotta r ... it 's gotta reach that point . It 's not gonna end , right ? It 's just not ... It can 't really end . Most shows don 't end soon enough . Um , so I think it 's really cool that they 're gonna end it on their own terms and at the right time and ... well , also ... it gives you a completeness to the story . And at the end of it , it will feel ... I hope ... very satisfying , like a movie you got to watch over several years . I 'm sure what it 's gonna do is make it that much more spectacular . They fast forwarded through the galaxy and showed you earth . They basically said , " Uh , by the way , we 're not kidding around . They 're gonna get to earth . " I have to see how this plays out . Is it our earth or is ... Something completely different ... Right . That they call " earth " ? Like , what is earth ? We want to know . Like , where are we going ? We want to know . I have a feeling this next season is just gonna blow away everything that 's even come before it . Initiate jump . Aye , sir . Jumping in three , two , one . Jump . The legacy ... because they contained it ... my guess is , will be the best science fiction series ever to happen . They 've raised the bar to an almost impossible , uh , level . I think the show is special . I think , um , it 's gonna stand the test of time . I think we 're gonna look back in history . I think it 'll actually age incredibly well . People who watch it are inspired as to what can be accomplished . You know , the quality of a program you can have , the sincerity of it , the gravity of it . It 's humbling , uh , and it 's just incredible fun . It 's gonna be a great frakkin ' season . Well done , guys . Well done . Cast , crew , everybody . Everybody . I bet you guys even have good craft services . And scene .
