 Originally , you know , the ... the question was , How do you redo " Battlestar Galactica " ? How do you remake it ? The world didn 't need another science fiction / fantasy adventure . There were already ten copycats out there as it was . You sure they 'll fly ? Well , the reactor 's still hot . So all we have to do is pull the rad buffers from the engine , refuel it , load the ordinance , and you 're ready to go . We wanted to go back to the beginning , retell the original tale in a different way . To tell stories that are going to be very visceral and resonant with our culture and with our times . All ministers and officials should now go to case orange . The president , the vice president and most of the cabinet are dead or incapacitated . Send a message . I 'm taking command of fleet . We want to do something to the genre that hasn 't been done in a generation , which is actually treat it seriously . This is the map to earth . The critical response has been really gratifying . I don 't think I really anticipated it would be so well received . It 's not enough to survive . One has to be worthy of surviving . We both came at this opportunity with the motivation and the agenda to blow the wheels off the genre . The war is over . It hasn 't begun yet . " Starbuck " ... Now there 's a call sign . Starbuck . Starbuck ... How 's the wife ? Ultimately , I think the show is accessible to almost anybody , because it 's ... what it really is about ... it 's about people . It 's a character drama . There 'll be back-story and technology that they may not understand , but I think you 'll be able to quickly identify the key character relationships . You can enjoy it purely on the basis of the drama and the plotting , or you can have a deeper enjoyment of it if you are a regular viewer , by enjoying the soapy arc , as it were . What 's the charge this time ? Striking a superior ass . I bet you 've been waiting all day to say that one . Most of the afternoon , yeah . Right . There 's a search for truth that we sort of explore continually . What would really happen in this circumstance ? What would people really do ? Not what 's the dramatic thing , not what 's the TV thing . What would really happen to these people ? How would they really conduct themselves ? How would this ... these ships really work in space ? And that philosophy has sort of driven us since the beginning . A battlestar is sort of a combination of an aircraft carrier and a battleship in space . A battlestar 's a big , scary piece of machinery . It 's a really powerful warship . It 's the most powerful warship in the colonial fleet . The " Galactica " was actually on its way to being retired . It was an old battlestar that was used in the first war against the Cylons , Which took place about 45 years ago . Commander Adama , if I may ? Captain ? I just wanted to say what a pleasure it 's been serving with you on your command , sir . Its commander Adama was also a veteran of the first Cylon war , and he , too , was going to go into retirement . Attention on deck ! He 's the father figure of the entire series . The Cylon war is long over , yet we must not forget the reasons why so many sacrificed so much in the cause of freedom . The Cylons were created by man , as we say at the beginning of the credit every week . And then one day , the Cylons sort of woke up and decided , " Well , frak this . Why are we working for you ? And you have enslaved us . " And they turned against their human masters , and there began the first Cylon war . You cannot play God , then wash your hands of the things that you 've created . Sooner or later , the day comes when you can 't hide from the things that you 've done anymore . After the first Cylon war ended in an armistice , the 2 sides stayed apart for 40 years . Little do they know that the Cylons , off by themselves , have been evolving and developing , and so when the Cylons suddenly burst upon the scene after 40 years of silence and attack the colonies and wipe them out ... It has begun . They also showed up looking like human beings . Now you 're telling me you 're a machine . I 'm a woman . You 're a synthetic woman , a robot . I 've said it three times now . Well , forgive me . I 'm having the tiniest little bit of trouble believing that , because the last time anybody saw the Cylons , they looked more like walking chrome toasters . The Cylons , from the beginning , have wanted to wipe out humanity , and in their view , they feel like God has made them perfect . Mankind was imperfect . In a few hours , no one will be left . Humanity 's children are returning home ... today . Moments ago , this ship received word of a Cylon attack against our home worlds is underway . As of this moment , we are at war . Come on ! All right , people , this is what we do . We 're the best . So let 's get the old girl ready to roll and kick some Cylon ass ! Come on . " Galactica , " you 've got an inbound nuke . The colonists are trying to survive , first and foremost . Their civilization was wiped out . Their homes were wiped out . Virtually everyone else that they ever knew in their lives are gone and dead . Update on the head count . And they 're searching for a placed called " earth . " It won 't be an easy journey . It 'll be long and arduous , but I promise you one thing ... on the memory of those lying here before you , We shall find it , and earth will become our new home . There 's a point at which the admiral stops thinking and just starts feeling and ... and will go with his gut and will lead that way . We trained for this . If we 're off on our calculations by even a few degrees , we could end up in the middle of the sun . No choice . You 're never entirely sure what Bill Adama is gonna do , but it also , I think , reinforces the sense that there 's a certain sense to the universe , that if Adama says " we 're gonna go left , " we 're gonna go left , and God help us , there 's probably a good reason for it . Jump . Launching those fighters in a hunch saved our ship . Just doing my job . You do your job good . That 's why I need you , Saul . That , and that we 're friends . Adama 's best friend for 30-some odd years now has been colonel Saul Tigh . If the crew doesn 't hate the XO , then he 's not doing his job . Besides , gotta make the old man look good . I always look good . Look in a mirror . Like , uh , two brothers , I think Adama and Tigh can say things to each other that no one else can say to either of them and get away with it . Um , I think they 're also , like brothers , not afraid to ... Usually involving a bottle of something between them acknowledge their love for each other . Laura is essentially , the wisdom of ... of the show . She never imagined herself to be ... President . She wasn 't on that track at all . She 's had to literally rise to the occasion , and , uh , make many mistakes along the way , lose her way , Reclaim it , and , really , that 's what a leader is ... Someone who 's not perfect but is able to lead in spite of their imperfections . You tried to steal an election ? Yes , I did . But Gaius Baltar cannot become president of the colonies , Bill . It cannot happen . She 's always been willing to cross lines She never thought she would ... Madam president , We have to eliminate the " Olympic Carrier " immediately . Do it . ... but all in service of the idea that mankind itself hangs in the balance , and her mission in life was to get humanity home , which was complicated by the idea that she has cancer . She wants to get everyone to earth before she dies . There is no earth . You understand that ? It would seem that we were wrong . Oh , it 's been a slowly percolating relationship between Laura and Adama . They started in major conflict , did not like each other , did not trust each other at all , and they started to respect one another first , and then they started to kind of like one another and started to appreciate one another , and they 've gotten to a point now where they 're very close . We 've been at war so long , sometimes we forget what we 're fighting for , live life as people again . " Galactica , " Starbuck . Showtime . We got one turkey playing hide-and-seek in the clouds . When we made starbuck a woman , it was the most controversial thing . Before the ... the series came out , there was lots of " ooh ! " and uproar in the fan community about How could we do this ? Ultimately , I think it was one of the smartest moves that we made . It 's exactly the kind of thing that you knew was gonna get this huge backlash . You knew the fans were gonna be up in arms about it . You knew there would be all this controversy ... about it , and that 's what you want . With all due respect , sir , I am the best shot in or out of the cockpit . She 's right ... for once . She 's the best pilot in the fleet . She 's her own worst enemy . And Adama loves her like a daughter , Lee loves her like a lover , and everyone else kind of thinks she 's insane . Oh , no . You are beyond insane ! Lee Adama began the series as a fighter pilot . Captain , thank you for joking us . Captain . Commander , could you put your arm around your son ? Perfect . It 's the father / son relationship ... that , you know , has a rift in it , and their initial scene together was played with Adama 's back to his son in its entirety . And I believe that was Eddie Olmos ' idea . " I wouldn 't look at him , " he said , and that sort of encapsulated the nature of their relationship . That 'll be all , captain . So the series really has become the struggle to rebuild that relationship , and often times , it 's two steps forward and one step back , which I think resonates with a-a lot of men who , uh , have issues with their fathers much like that . After the initial Cylon attack , Lee became not just a pilot , but the lead pilot , the commander of the air group , or the C.A.G. as we call him . And that was his role for quite some time . You 're the C.A.G. Act like one . What the hell does that mean ? It means that you 're still acting like you 're everyone 's best friend . We 're not friends . You 're the C.A.G. Well , I 'm glad I 'm not working for you . Apollo and Starbuck have had a charged relationship from the very beginning . Good to see you , too , captain . Remind me to send you to the brig later . Yeah , well ... Lee 's much more of an idealist and a straight arrow and a believer in a lot of romantic notions , and Kara is anything but that . Kara continually is self-destructive and sabotaging herself and challenging authority or finding ways to destroy relationships that are very important to her . Kara got married . What ? Yep , about an hour ago . She wakes me up , she pops the question , she drags me down to the priest and bang ! Like that , we 're married . So it was your idea ? Yeah . Good luck . You 're gonna need it . Lee , partially as a response , married Dualla . And so they ... they were married to other people for quite some time , and they still actually , technically are . Gaius Baltar was a brilliant scientist and egotist back on Caprica , and he was a magnet for women and loved women in every way , shape and form . Miss me ? Couldn 't you tell ? Mm . I think Gaius Baltar is the show 's libido . He 's , uh , equal parts , you know , Stephen Hawking , Jim Morrison and the backroom side of Bill Clinton . What are you doing here ? Ultimately , that was part of his undoing and the undoing of the human race . You were chosen for my mission . What mission ? You knew I wanted access to the defense mainframe . Oh , my God . Once he realized that and realized that the woman he had been seeing was a Cylon who we came to know as number six , he had a-a complete mental break , and he started seeing a number six that would appear to him and talk to him . This is insane . And what I want most of all is for you to love me . God is love . No ! Baltar 's never been on the side of the Cylons , but he has never really been on the side of humans either . He 's really on his own side . Every time I feel like we 're gonna tell a story where Baltar 's gonna finally learn his lesson , somehow he 'll find a way to compromise himself . You 're here ... because you want to be human . But there 's a trick to being human . You have to think only about yourself . You look ... so lovely tonight . You can kill Cylons , but there are many copies . Five times now . Their consciousness and their entire memory is instantaneously downloaded into a new body , and they resurrect . You 've been reborn . And this , in some ways , makes them a very difficult enemy to ... to ever really conquer , 'cause as many times as you mow them down , more just keep coming up behind them . This man has been identified as a Cylon agent . There 's only 12 models of Cylons that we know . Some many not even know they 're Cylons at all . They could be sleeper agents programmed to perfectly impersonate human beings until activation . This idea that your best friend , your lover , the person whom you 've , uh , known your entire life , might be able to turn on you in a way you would least expect at a time you would least expect . Let 's get you debriefed . Yes , sir . The Sharon aboard " Galactica " in the miniseries , was unaware that she was a Cylon . Roger that , " Galactica . " And then at the end of the first season ... she suddenly took out a gun and shot Adama in the chest ... Thank you , sir . Thank you , sir . Thank you . Ugh ! ... and realized that , " Oh , my God . I was a Cylon sleeper agent , " and my programming suddenly activated , " and I shot one of the men that I care about the ... the most in the universe . " What happened ? Secure that thing in the brig . No ! There 's another Sharon , who simultaneously was on Cylon-occupied Caprica . Are you prepared for the next step ? Yes . She encountered Helo ... Sharon ? and she was deliberately letting Helo believe that she was the Sharon that he had once known . Another prime motivation of the Cylons is they want to be able to reproduce biologically . The Cylons sent Sharon in to manipulate Helo in order to try to have a child , thinking that if she made Helo fall in love with her , that would be enough . Does he love you ? - I think so . - What they didn 't bargain for was that she , in turn , would fall in love with him as well . Once she fell in love with Helo , she couldn 't betray him , and she elected to go with him back to " Galactica . " So now the two Sharon 's actually swapped sides . The Sharon that is aboard " Galactica , " married to Helo and is Hera 's mother was actually the enemy at the beginning of the series , and there 's a Sharon aboard , uh , the Cylon base ships , who was actually with us at the very beginning of the series . I don 't know what 's so complicated about that . Yeah , what 's ... You need a diagram ? What 's wrong ? All the models of Cylons share certain traits . You can say that all the Sharons tend to be more naive , more trusting , be pulled by their heart in one direction or another . The sixes all tend to be seductive on some level , manipulative on some level , and insecure on some level . They 're capable of deception and brutality . The number sixes also have become , uh , the gateway for the audience to be forced to acknowledge the humanity within the Cylons . The Leobens tend to be more spiritual and more in tune with ideas of god and man and , you know , the relationship with the spirit . I only want you to see the truth of your life . That 's why god sent me to you . That 's why god wants us to be together . The Dorals are more bureaucratic and by the numbers and just trying to get things done . The Simons tend to be , uh , caregivers , and health professionals . Jump the ship . All the Cylons are equal in theory , but the D 'Annas tend to try to dominate any settings . They tend to try to become the de facto leaders . Well , this is an awkward moment . The Cavils are more mysterious . The Cavils seem to have a great investment in protecting the ... the hierarchical order . There 's a suggestion that perhaps the Cavils exist to keep the Cylons honest . Atmosphere is nitrogen / oxygen , fresh water . At the end of the second season , they found a planet that was hidden from the Cylons in a nebula . So they stayed on this planet that they christened " New Caprica . " Probably pneumonia . So give him something . I 'd love to . I 've been out of antibiotics for months . The New Caprica experience was not going well , and then suddenly , the Cylons found them anyway . Cylons just jumped into orbit , and the fleets jumped away . They arrived in force , so then began the Cylon occupation of New Caprica . What do you want to do now , captain ? The same thing we always do ... We fight ' em until we can 't . Ready ? Now . Frakkin ' insurgents . After several months , Adama and Lee came back with " Galactica " and " Pegasus " and managed to rescue the human population . Adama ! Adama ! Adama ! This is Apollo . Do you read me ? Starbuck , report ! Kara went out on a mission where she got into this weird headspace . She was flying towards this gas giant , and she started feeling drawn into it , and eventually , she spiraled straight in , and her ship exploded , and she was killed . No ! And everyone aboard " Galactica " certainly felt the impact of that death . The reverberations of it were still being felt , you know , by the end of the third season , when suddenly a viper appears , and Kara 's inside and says ... I 've been to earth , and I 'm gonna take us there . There 's a lot of questions going into year four about who and what is Kara Thrace . That song you 're humming ... I hear it everywhere . I mean , but I can 't ... I can 't really hear it . You know what I mean ? Yeah , it 's like you can grab just a part of the melody and then it goes away , like it 's something from child ... Childhood . At the end of the third season , we revealed four of what we call the final five Cylons . There 's Anders , Tory , colonel Tigh and chief Tyrol , and essentially , they didn 't know they were Cylons until the end of the season . After all this time , a switch goes off just ... like that . Colonel Tigh is probably the biggest Cylon hater of all , which was one of the great reasons why he made the perfect Cylon . I am an officer in the colonial fleet . Whatever else I am , that 's the man I want to be . You got a slight hint about their initial reaction which ran the gamut from horror to disgust , and then you 're out . What 's their connection to one another and most of all , who 's the ... who 's the final one ? Who 's the fifth of the final five ? Kara is still technically married to Anders , so exactly how Sam 's gonna react when she walks back aboard " Galactica " ... They both have a lot to talk about . She 's dead , and he 's a Cylon , and this is ... And they 're married . So it 's much like most ... most relationships , actually . Season four picks up literally where season three ended , in real time . Don 't freak out . It really is me . There comes a-a bit of a split among people and their loyalties , about who 's gonna listen to Kara and who ... who is not , particularly with Adama . Where are you taking me to ? To your new life . Baltar discovers a new role for himself as a religious figure . In the Cylon world , we see divisions and pressures for the first time . Real conflicts develop between them , which creates certain dangers and certain opportunities , uh , for the colonials . Uh , Laura Roslin 's cancer came back at the end of the third season , and her cancer 's not gonna go away this year , which will also inform her relationship with Adama . Sam . You all just stay the frak away from me . The four Cylons will try to figure out what they 're supposed to do . All running into the common theme of these characters asking themselves the terrifying question , " will I sabotage my own people ? " No one 's asking anyone to forget or to forgive , but we have to look to the future . This show has a built-in ending . They 're looking for a place called earth , and eventually , they gotta find it . Commence jump prep . We 're going to the Ionian nebula . In order to honor that principle , the show 's gotta end . We all want to look back and go , " Wow . It was really great right up until the end . " Three , two , one ... Jump . Transcript by italiansubs . Net edited and spell-checked by rogard Synch : Robbie
