 I think it 's the best television science fiction ever made no doubt about it . He 's gonna try to get into your head 30 milions people should be watching it every week D 'you seen it ? Did you see it ? It 's the bible of television. that 's what it is . it seems you made an impression after all . see that ? i think it 's the best show i 've ever seen . it 's a very subversive series . apollo , get out of tre ! abort ! no ! the concept of the show is so amazing , having all these individuals crash-land on an airplane on this magical island and ... " battle " what ? " galactica actual , " go ahead . i 'm getting my men . i have to admit , i was ... i was a bit leery about " battlestar galactica . " i suggest you reconsider . there were so many , like , revampings of old things , and i was like , " i don 't think so , " and then i finally caved . and the second you start watching , you 're like , " all right. it 's ... it might be the most awesome thing . " are you alive ? it was like taking a canvas high-top that you would see white dudes in the ' 50s playing basketball in and making the air jordan . this is what this series is now . stand up there and give them what they need ... a hero . i 'll sit down and go , " that 's more entertainment , more twists , " more unexpected stuff , more humanity , more shocking , " like , extraordinary storytelling than i 've seen , that was a great episode , " and then they 'll run the opening credits . so say we all . i think i called you and said , " what the frak did you turn me on to ? " there 's no weak link . it 's just in that upper echelon of television . a peabody award is presented to " battlestar galactica . " every week , it 's better than going to the movies . frakkin ' unbelievable . that was off-the-record . it 's not a guilty pleasure show . it 's a great show . if you like science fiction , you 're gonna love it . if you don 't like science fiction , i think you 're gonna love it . brace for contact , my friend . Transcript by italiansubs.net Synch : Robbie It will not be an easy journey , and i promise you one thing : on the memory of those lying here before you , we shall find it , and earth will become our new home . " battlestar galactica " is basically about , um , the end and possibly , the beginning of the human race . the show 's about the last 40-odd , 50,000 survivors of the human race who have left their home planet , caprica , because they were attacked by the cylons . machines that we built that , of course , have out-evolved us . everyone 's thinking there was some kind of peace treaty . nobody 's heard a peep from the cylons in 40 years . and then out of the blue , the robots attack . and basically , most of human life is wiped out , except for the few people that are on spaceships . i remember sweating when they pull away , and you see the nuclear bombs going off on that planet , and you 've got these machines , that supposedly we created , that are hunting us down and trying to ... to extinguish the rest of humankind . you know , you rally behind that . if we make mistakes , people die . there aren 't many of us left . we not only have to survive , we have to deserve to survive , and the decisions that are so crucial that we have to make ... sometimes with our hearts and sometimes absolutely without them ... really is what i think the show revolves around . they would have destroyed themselves anyway . they deserve what they got . we 're the children of humanity. that makes them our parents , in a sense . true , but parents have to die . it 's the only way children come into their own . there 's 12 different cylon models , all with different personalities , different attitudes , and they 've evolved into , you know , these ultra humans , basically . the cylons have the ability to mimic human form. they look like us now . that 's what , i think , has made this version of " galactica " so much superior than the original one , because you don 't know who the cylons are . i could be a cylon . i am not a frakking ' cylon . i 'm not ... oh ... well ... okay , then . what " battlestar " does right is , most science fiction shows forget that science fiction is not a story. it 's a setting . ... that doesn 't depend on spaceships and aliens and blinking lights and kind of the kitschy stuff that cheapens a lot of sci-fi . " battlestar galactica " is all about storytelling . permission to speak off the record , sir . granted . you 're a bastard . you just don 't know when to keep your mouth shut , do you ? you 're weak because you 're a drunk . are you done ? yes , sir . when you hear the word " sci-fi , " that literally makes women run screaming . they 're like , " huh ? what ? i 'm gonna go read 'the kite runner . ' " so that alone is a hurdle . the strangest thing about it is they pull off this dark , doomsday , military look , and yet , it appeals to my wife . very sweet. you love me . no , you love me . you can 't take it back . there 's no take backs . " battlestar galactica " is all about human beings . i have cancer . i wish i could say it was the least of my worries , but the world is coming to an end , and all i can think about is that i have cancer , and i 'm probably going to die . my wife and i watch together . if either of us watched it without the other , that would be grounds for divorce . men andwomen can share this . my wife not included. she 'd rather watch " dancing with the stars . " the relationships are the central focus of it . you know , sometimes it feels like the whole ship thinks , uh , starbuck would do better . i don 't . how can you be so sure ? 'cause you 're my son . if you lived in a world that was suddenly taken away from you , and you just happened to live , how would you continue to live ? i never wanted this kind of responsibility . the cylons never asked us what we wanted . welcome to the big leagues . what 's great about the show is there 's a constant sense of urgency . dradis contact . it 's the cylons . damn it . the whole underlying story of , can we save this race ? how do you keep people hopeful when you 're floating through space ? you 've got 50,000 people left on these spaceships , running out of food , running out of air , running out of everything and constantly under attack by the cylons , a far superior force . the tone is as dark as it should be . how could you make light of the fact that the human race is about to become extinct ? how many casualties do we anticipate ? it 'll cost us. if you succeed , what 's to prevent the cylons from coming back with reinforcements ? nothing , but if you keep running from the schoolyard bully , he keeps on chasing you . but the moment you turn around and stop , and you punch him really hard in a sensitive spot , he 'll think twice about coming back again . even though the humans are so outmatched in every way , shape and form , they just gotta suck it up . so it 's either this or run out of fuel and be annihilated . sometimes you have to roll the hard six . " battlestar " is , uh , it 's shot in a way that few science fiction shows are , by making everything seem extremely real , extremely lived in . welcome to " galactica . " well , you gotta remember that " galactica " was a decommissioned battlestar . it was gonna be a museum . it 's a bucket . it 's an old warhorse. is your auto landing system down ? i was , uh , hands-on for the whole approach . it 's all hands-on here , captain . there are no auto landings in the " galactica . " visually , it just sets the entire tone ... these dark corridors , everything seems wet and cold , and frankly , like it 's gonna break down . and hard seal . hard seal 's secure , sir . and all the old phone stuff must have saved them a bundle . we have the same phones here at e ! i 'd want one , and i would just say , " joss actual " all the time , and people would say , " please don 't answer the phone like that. that 's embarrassing . " attention. set condition one throughout the fleet . it was all about function . it 's not about comfort . like , even adama 's quarters ... i 've seen that set . i wouldn 't want to go on that toilet. it 's gross . it 's not suddenly " minority report " where you have cars on tracks sliding up and down buildings , and that 's the new " subway system . " it 's like , " yeah , well , you know , " i still have to screw this in with a screwdriver . " there 's still bullets in this gun , 'cause that what works really well with ... with shooting stuff . " like , those vipers ... they don 't fly themselves . these guys are flying these things like real pilots , and if they don 't , the humans are done , so you better make sure you 're flying that clunky old viper the best you can and take those cylons out . all of the details of it ... the way that the ships land ... it ... it feels like an actual flying craft skidding onto a platform . it 's really cool . every time the raiders come out of the ... the cylon ship , and there 's just thousands of them with streaks of gunfire across space , it 's awesome . i think what i 'm impressed most about ... the production ... is you have a budget . there are things you can do . there 's things you can 't do . i 've never seen anything in " battlestar " that said , " oh , that 's where they cut a corner . " there has never been better special effects in any science fiction television show ever . they 're as good as many movies , and i 'm astounded by them . three , two , one. jump . and who ... or what are you ? i 'm an angel of god sent here to protect you . to what end ? to the end of the human race . everybody is extraordinarily compelling . it 's one of the best ensembles i 've ever seen . edward james olmos , mary mcdonnell are two of my favorite actors , and most of the other actors were unknown to me , and i love that . uh , when people try to give me information about them , " i just go , " nah , nah , nah , nah , nah. they don 't exist . they 're the characters . " i don 't think i 've ever connected with a show like i 've connected with this one . the cost of wearing the uniform can be high , but ... sometimes it 's too high . the writers wrote the hell out of that speech . that very first speech adama gives shows you the ride that you 're gonna be on , this ride of " battlestar galactica . " one line stays with every episode i see . you cannot play god , then wash your hands of the things that you 've created . very deep . mm-hmm . need something , captain ? yeah , i frakkin ' need something . i need my viper . sorry , captain . vital missions only . what do you mean , vital missions only ? we 're on strike . the female characters on this show , you know , it 's the next step . it 's not a feminist statement ... " look. they can be strong . " sex is not an issue . we 've moved past so many of the preconceptions . please inform commander adama that we are currently involved in rescue operations , and we require his assistance . i 'm not sure he 's gonna respond very well to that request . then tell him ... this comes directly from the president of the 12 colonies , and it 's not a request . in the universe of " battlestar galactica , " the women rule . you 've got all these hot ladies , and they 're all really smart , and they all kick ass . the women of " battlestar galactica " ... hmm . come on , starbuck . i will say that fight between starbuck and six ... awesome . okay . got anything left ? here 's what 's so innovative about the girl fighting on " battlestar galactica " ... no hair-pulling , but still very sexy . you have the guts to try and frak another man 's woman , but not to fight one ? i think one of the hardest things for old fans of the original " battlestar , " like i was , to grasp was that starbuck was gonna be a girl . and he was like , " oh ! " oh , that 's horse crap . i 'll never ... but now ... but can you even ... can you even imagine it any different now ? if you want me to dance , just ask . starbuck loves me so much . it 's weird . um , she 's always flirting with me onscreen . me in a dress is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity . madam president . i thought you hated these things . it 's colonial day . where else would i be ? i 'm a patriot . you really are , aren 't you ? i think science fiction generally affords you the opportunity to be more politically relevant than anything else because people are a step back , and they 're willing to listen . uh , you can talk about things in a way that doesn 't divide people . i don 't care that it 's effective . i don 't care that the cylons can 't stop it . it 's wrong . no more suicide bombings , colonel . it 's one thing to write a story about the world that we live in . it 's another thing to create a world to tell a story about the world that we live in . you know , there are times when i look at you , and i forget what you are . you were like a big sister it 's amazing to watch all these characters having to make the difficult decisions that people are making right now in this world . i am aware that you were in charge of the mission that destroyed the " olympic carrier . " i know what a hard thing that is to live with . i can 't stop thinking about it , but a man ... has to accept responsibility for his actions . he ... he doesn 't second-guess the choices he makes . nobody gets to be perfect . no political view gets to be sacred . everything is put to the test , and , uh , all of this happens during some of the most awesome sci-fi i 've ever watched . " galactica , " " pegasus . " let us take some of this work off your hands . the whole series is like an allegory for what 's happening in our country and what 's happening in this world , and that 's why they won the peabody . we ask our audience to think about the world in which they live , but to draw their own conclusions . and that 's why " the soup " won a peabody . oh , yeah , we did . i didn 't even know about the peabody award until i read about it because of " galactica . " i was like , " ooh , that 's very prestigious . " and matt and trey ... if that doesn 't validate it , nothing will . i think trey and i will always be grateful to the peabody awards for introducing us to " battlestar galactica . " we 'll just , uh , say for all the honorees , congratulations , " battlestar galactica . " and thank you very much . i love you , starbuck . i love you , starbuck . kara , i want our marriage back . and what if i 'm just not ready for that ? i don 't know . then i guess you 'll never be . when i watch this , i try to turn off any storytelling instincts i might have so i can just let the thing happen . usually , they surprise me , even if i 'm working on all cylinders trying to figure it out . i made a vow in the sight of the gods , and i 'm not gonna break that . you 're breaking it every time we do this . i came into it late , but these jokers ... every single day ... " oh , my gosh. we all got together at doug 's house " and watched ' battlestar . ' aah ! " we ... we fell in love with each other all over again . " we ate a bunch of nachos and hugged " and talked about how great television is and how it 's been saved by this show . " there 's a guy on " the soup " staff . we call each other like little girls who 've just seen " hannah montana " after an episode . i 'm like , " did you see that ? yeah , i know. i did , too . come on over. you 're my best friend . " i watch it alone , because i don 't wanna hear what you gotta say while i 'm watching it . and , you know , people will start talking ... yeah . and that would make me mad . if anybody ever talks about it , has a theory , and they 're right , that is a retroactive spoiler , and then i have to retroactively kill them . i haven 't seen it. i haven 't seen it. please don 't say anything . i don 't want to hear any words . shut up , shut up , shut up . i don 't care who number eight ? shut up ! we usually watch the show on the road on a bus . there were people that got shortchanged that bought concert tickets because we were rushing through on fridays to see it . here 's the ritual ... it 's my wife going , " are you gonna do the dishes ? " and i go , " ' battlestar galactica 's ' on . " and then she says our 3-year-old eddie is watching " jay jay the jet plane . " and then i go , " well , i 'm bigger than he is , " and then i get to watch it . oh , frak me . frak you . why don 't you go frak yourself ? don 't frak with me . frak it. never mind . yeah , we say " frak " a lot , uh , out on the road , and ... and it 's great because no one 's really offended , but it still has the punch . i use the word " frak " ... a lot . you do . yeah . she uses both of ' em . no , i 'm still using . uh , pretty much fuck exclusively . i haven 't become " battlestar " - speak guy . i have , however become dwight from " the office . " " do you watch ' battlestar ' ? " " no . " " then you 're an idiot . " i have a shirt that says " frak off . " so when i really want to , uh , you know , show my love for the show , i 'll ... i 'll pull that thing out . and it also ... it really attracts women . don 't frak it up by overthinking . we were playing vancouver , and we had a day off , and next thing you know , we get invited to the set . we had the greatest day ever . everyone couldn 't have been nicer . and we got to sit in the vipers , and it was incredible . i gotta admit , like , the photo of me sitting in that thing , like ... like this , i 'm just ... that 's gotta be my proudest dork moment . i have no doubt that the writers of this show are scrambling to tie up every loose end , and i hope they do , 'cause we need answers . it 's true. we 're cylons . the reveal of four of the final five cylons being chief , tigh , tory and anders , finding that out is just such a kick in the head . i 'll just ... just sit up in bed , and i 'll go , " honey ! tigh ... is a cylon ! " tigh killed his own wife because she was colluding with the cylons , and now he is one . where do you go ? by gods . and chief ... arguably the heart of " battlestar galactica " ... how could chief be a cylon ? so that 's it . after all this time ... a switch goes off just ... like that . there 's gonna be a major meltdown. there has to be . how do you suddenly find out your whole life is a fake ? there 's just one more . just one more . god . yeah . you ... forgive me . i-i had no idea . i think it should be a really nice guy over on the set of " eureka . " um , he 's not working right now , so ... if they were looking for a guest star. oh . what if the last cylon is us ? oh . think about it . every time i think i know what 's going on , the writers go ten steps ahead of me , so , um , i know it 's gonna be great . report ! starbuck , report ! no ! no ! i think the biggest cliffhanger for season three is , what 's the deal with starbuck ? um , is she alive ? everyone thought she was dead , and then suddenly , she pops back up , and it 's like , " what ? " here she comes in her plane . you know , just sort of like , " hey. i know where earth is . this way. come on . " i 've been to earth , and i 'm gonna take us there . i really love the fact that they 're getting closer and closer to earth , and i hope they find it , because that 's , you know , the show 's gotta ... the show 's gotta r ... it 's gotta reach that point . it 's not gonna end , right ? it 's just not ... it can 't really end. most shows don 't end soon enough . um , so i think it 's really cool that they 're gonna end it on their own terms and at the right time and ... well , also it gives you a completeness to the story . and at the end of it , it will feel ... i hope ... very satisfying , like a movie you got to watch over several years . i 'm sure what it 's gonna do is make it that much more spectacular . they fast forwarded through the galaxy and showed you earth . they basically said , " uh , by the way , we 're not kidding around . they 're gonna get to earth . " i have to see how this plays out . is it our earth or is ... something completely different ... - right . that they call " earth " ? like , what is earth ? - we want to know . - like , where are we going ? we want to know . i have a feeling this next season is just gonna blow away everything that 's even come before it . initiate jump . aye , sir . jumping in three , two , one . jump . the legacy ... because they contained it ... my guess is , will be the best science fiction series ever to happen . they 've raised the bar to an almost impossible , uh , level . i think the show is special . i think , um , it 's gonna stand the test of time . i think we 're gonna look back in history . i think it 'll actually age incredibly well . people who watch it are inspired as to what can be accomplished . you know , the quality of a program you can have , the sincerity of it , the gravity of it . it 's humbling , uh , and it 's just incredible fun . it 's gonna be a great frakkin ' season . well done , guys . well done . cast , crew , everybody . everybody . i bet you guys even have good craft services . and scene .
