 Should we tell marti ? Are you kidding me ? No . I can 't watch him 24 hours a day . Do you even know where lance is ? Are you questioning my parenting ? How long have you been off your meds ? Oh ! The great dr . Stone lays down the law . Nations tremble and nubile graduate students Spread their legs . Look , you 're not safe , all right ? You 're not safe to yourself or to our son . Are you threatening me ? Don 't you try to bully me or i will drag you back into court . Yes . Dr. Jeremy stone . I 'm dr . Stone . There 's been a wildfire alert . My orders are to gather you And the rest of your team right away . Lisa . Please get yourself checked in . Dad ? Late night ? It 's mom 's house . Mom 's rules . Not anymore . Look , i came by to tell you that i made arrangements . You 're gonna spend the rest of the month in l.A. With my sister . She 's gonna look after you . I can look after myself . Oh , clearly . Look , lance . We 're not gonna argue about this , all right ? It 's a done deal . You should - You should go pack . Mom 's the one who needs help . You mother has all the help she needs If she 'll just take it . Yeah , that just lets you off the hook , doesn 't it ? Sir ? You can 't wait to get out of here ? I have to leave . Yeah . I 'm sure you have to go wherever it is that you 're going . If it were anything else , you know that - Yeah , i know . It-It 's work . It 's important . Nasa had a satellite fail last night over the utah desert , And , uh , the army sent in a retrieval team . I just wanted to give you a heads up Before all the phone calls start About the black helicopters and little green men . I guess they 're just playing it safe , ed . All right . Approaching piedmont . Preparing to make my initial surveillance pass . Go ahead . Commencing thermal imaging and night vision recording . What the hell is that ? Are those bodies ? Holy christ in heaven . I 'm moving to northcom . Confine everyone to base and lock it down . I want you to stay here in d.C. In case beeter needs managing . Yes , general . How 's the campaign going ? Fundraising has slowed , And we 're down 15 in the polls as of last night . Ha , looking for their piece of the action , you mean ? Exactly , and of course , The environmentalists are howling , And the opposition is scoring points . Ready ? Flattery will get you everywhere , won 't it ? Thank you , pat . Mr. President , we have a situation , i 'm afraid . An infectious disease outbreak of unknown origin In southern utah . How serious ? Well , the area is remote , And we think we have it under control , But i thought you might like to know about it right away . And i 'll wanna be there . Respectfully , sir , i think it would be better If you stayed here in washington . Daddy ! Whoa ! Hello ! What are you doing here ? What are you doing here ? Did you escape ? Hello . Hello , chuck . Joanne . I 'm sorry to interrupt , honey . I was packing and this little monster got away from me . You got away from your mama . Campaign tour ? Apparently the american people Would rather see my wife than myself , Although , i can 't say as i blame them too much . And as for you , young lady , You 've got to go back where you came from 'Cause daddy is working right now , okay ? Bye-Bye . Bye , daddy . Bye . So this infection is of unknown origin , you say ? We 're still gathering all the facts , sir . This isn 't going to be another houston , is it ? I think it 's very unlikely . Anything you need , chuck , you let me know . Yes ? Dr. Tsi chou ? What is it ? There 's been a wildfire alert . You okay , sir ? Yeah . Light sensitivity . Uh , migraines . Adrian has a dentist appointment on monday . Don 't let him tell you he 's too sick to go . How long you think ? If i call you and ask you about your mother , Grab the kids , get on a plane and go west . Get as much distance between you And the continental united states as you can . I love you . I love you , too . Sir ? Beeter has informed homeland security and the president . The wildfire team should be assembled At peterson air force base shortly after your arrival . Who 's the designated " odd man " on the wildfire team ? Army major william keene . Ah , the hero of the houston event . Excellent researcher and a fine officer . He had a big dust-Up with stone last year Over who first isolated the cd-1 virus . Have they made up ? They agreed to share credit , But there 's no love lost between them . Maybe that 's something we can build on . Sir . Major keene ? What 's going on ? Please , make yourself comfortable , doctor . We 'll be taking off shortly . Hello , angela . Jeremy . I , uh , asked for something bigger , But this is the best they could do on such short notice . I was in surgery . If it wasn 't important , we wouldn 't have come calling . How bad is it ? Preliminary reports suggest a fatality rate of nearly 100 % . You always bring me such good tidings . Please take your seats and fasten your seatbelts . Flight attendants , please cross-Check the doors . I heard about you and lisa . How 's lance feeling ? He 's a teenager , so it 's always hard to tell . Beneath the raging hormones , I 'd-I 'd have to say he 's pretty angry . He 's tolerating the separation . He 's going to stay with my sister in los angeles For the rest of july . I almost called you when i heard , But i figured that your life Was probably complicated enough . Yeah . Yes . Mr. Nash , you have a phone call . Well , i guess i 'd better take that then . No names ! God , you 're paranoid . Like the n.S.A. Isn 't really tracing all our calls . Wheezer , knock off the double espressos and go back to bed . At the king . One hour . Yeah , may have a little trouble with that . Mancheck . Mancheck ? Mr. Nash ? Mr. Nash , i think this is a terrible mistake . I 'll check in again when i 'm done . It doesn 't work like that . What doesn 't - My addiction or my insurance ? Well , both , really . Simply put , these thermal vents on the ocean floor Precipitate a fortune in almost pure mineral deposits , Such as manganese , critical in the production of steel , And gold in higher concentrations Than most onshore mines . Wheezer , this had better be good . Until now , no one could extract these deposits Because of the crushing depths at which they are found , But this new technology makes it possible . Do you mind ? Come on . Don 't be a tease . What 's up ? Not up . Down . " Project scoop . " What 's that ? A baskin-Robbins ' special ? Funny . Check this out . It 's like a war zone . This town is full of bodies . Over here ! Over here ! Help me , man ! Help me ! You gotta help me . Oh ! No ! No ! No ! What the hell was that ? Early this morning , there was an exchange Between nasa and the pentagon About a satellite code-Named project scoop That crashed in southern utah . About an hour later , i picked that up - The last transmission of a retrieval team That went into a nearby town , piedmont , After the satellite - An army retrieval team . Hacking the feds is a felony , wheezer . Homeland security will be all over your ass . My bike needs new tires . Mancheck ? No ! Caper one , do you copy ? Do you copy , caper one ? Once again , caper one , do you copy ? Come in . Get general mancheck . Get mancheck now . Jack nash , my favorite muckraker . Whose career are you ruining today ? Oh , you know me . My hit list of the venal and the morally corrupt Just keeps on growing . I can 't keep pace . Hey , is jeremy there ? Well , for such a superb investigative journalist , You are sadly ignorant . The good doctor and i split . He has a love nest somewhere , Probably on campus , close to the sororities he prefers . I 'm-I 'm sorry to hear that , lisa , truly . But do you have a number for him ? This is very important . It wouldn 't do you any good . Saint jeremy 's off on assignment for the army . Very hush-Hush . They picked him up early this morning . Was this in regards to a project scoop ? Don 't know . Don 't care . Good afternoon , everyone . I 'm general george mancheck , Head of the u.S. Army bio-Defense department . Uh , you are now being distributed e-Papers . They contain continuously updated information About wildfire , and what we currently know About the event , which is very little . Since the failed biological attack in houston last year In which major keene here played an important part , Our vulnerability to terrorist action , especially bioterrorism , Has been a subject of intense discussion . You , the wildfire response team and laboratory , Are the result of that discussion . You volunteered in the spirit of patriotism For an assignment that was vague at the time . Undoubtedly , you 're wondering What the hell you 've got yourselves into . Dr. Stone . Right . Well , obviously some of you have worked together . Certainly everyone here has read each others ' work - At least heard of one another . I 'm dr . Jeremy stone , Head of the bloomsburg facility at johns hopkins And the chief consultant for , and designer of , the wildfire lab and project . Where is the laboratory ? For security reasons , we cannot disclose its location . We 're not allowed to know where we 'll be working ? No , but i can assure you that , uh , We 'll be in full and constant contact with the outside . Dr. Noyce ? Uh , dr . Angela noyce , surgeon , ex-Biologist And i specialize in tropical and exotic diseases . Dr. Charlene barton , pathologist , Formerly with the c.D.C. , Now with the san francisco heath department . Major bill keene , m.D. , Virologist from the army medial research institute Of infectious diseases , fort detrick , maryland . Uh , dr . Tsi chou , microbiologist . So modest . About ten years ago , dr . Chou was one of the premier designers Of biological weapons for the chinese government . But then i saw the light of jesus , And now i serve as a consultant on bioterrorism For a wide range of u.S. Corporations . Out of the ashes , into the fire . Last night-Uh , please . Last night , a nasa satellite lost orbit And came down in a remote part of southern utah . When a retrieval team arrived , The satellite had been moved , We believe by civilians , into the nearby town of piedmont . No signs yet of any life . Except for this joker staring at us from his pickup . We 're rounding the corner Whoa , hold on . This town is full of bodies . It 's like a war zone . Over here ! Over here ! Help me ! Help me , man . You gotta help me ! Aah ! Aah ! Help ! No ! No ! The team 's chemical sensors detected nothing unusual , So we suspect a biological agent Now code-Named " andromeda . " Whatever andromeda is , it killed those two soldiers so quickly , They didn 't even have time to jump out of their humvee . Two hours later , this infrared recording Was made by a pilotless drone Flying east to west at an altitude of 500 feet . The , um , bright spots indicating thermal activity are corpses . And , uh , this is another pass immediately afterwards - Same parameters . What brought that satellite out of orbit in the first place ? Uh , possibly contact with a meteor Or unknown space debris . Uh , there was also one of two new north korean satellites in the area . What they were doing there , of course , we have no idea . Well , being sinister and inscrutable , no doubt . If their purpose is benign , why keep it a secret ? One could say the same thing about this operation , general . What exactly was nasa doing with that satellite ? And-And why was an army retrieval vehicle sent in After it had failed ? Nasa doesn 't have a pot to piss in these days . All flights are multipurpose . We 're going to need to trust each other , doctor . As long as we all act in good faith , I don 't have a problem there . General ? Can we play both recordings simultaneously ? That body by the recovery vehicle Has moved between passes . Again . Overlay . Yes , sir . Freeze it . Overlay . Switch back . Son of a bitch . Someone 's alive down there . Listen , bill . Whatever differences we 've had in the past , I hope we can put ' em aside for the duration . I wouldn 't miss this for the world , jeremy . Somebody has to keep an eye on you . What 's up with you and mancheck ? Mancheck ? Well , during operation desert storm , I wanted to examine certain iraqi munitions bunkers For possible biological agents , but he blew them up first . Why the big hurry ? Maybe there was something he didn 't want me to find . Oh , yeah , like the loch ness monster , Or maybe there was proof of bigfoot . Look , a lot of people wondered how saddam Acquired his bioweapons capability in the first place . Now some people have suggested that certain governments , Who were friendly at the time and eager for data On the battlefield use of weaponized biological agents , Might have sold saddam what he wanted When he was fighting iran . That 's just a bunch of paranoid left-Wing b.S. It was never proven , jeremy . Just because you 're paranoid , bill , Doesn 't mean they ain 't out to get you . Mancheck . A heads-Up from our friend at the n.S.A. Who 's been running security checks on the wildfire team . An hour ago they picked up a conversation Between lisa stone and jack nash . How the hell did jack nash stumble on this ? He asked about project scoop . Jeez . Who 's his source ? We 're working on it . Nash and stone were an unbelievable pain in the ass Over kuwait . How much does he know about project scoop ? Well , as far as we can tell , nothing yet . Don 't do anything about nash right now , Except monitor him closely And identify his source . What 's the escort for-Paparazzi ? A fail-Safe plan to prevent a break in quarantine . The chopper will drop us off And hover at 500 feet until we recall it . It will not land unless they get our signal . Now if we don 't come back , they 're to immediately report Back to base for decontamination . And if the pilot fails to respond ? Well , there is a fail-Safe for the fail-Safe . It 's not too late to reconsider . Oh , this is just starting to get good . Approaching target , sir . We have smoke rising from the town , sir . Whatever andromeda is , It still hasn 't killed the birds . Best not to take any chances . Captain , drop the chlorazine . Roger that . Hmm , the audubon society 's not gonna like that . Lieutenant , when ready , lower the team Into the center of town And take up your preassigned position . Roger that . What are the ultimate environmental consequences Of mining these deep-Sea thermal vents ? We don 't know , But one thing we know for sure is that enburtel , One of president scott 's largest corporate campaign contributors , Will make a fortune from it . And once again , the president and his corporate masters ... hey , gorgeous . Are ignoring science , defying international treaties And acting unilaterally . Charlie h . , long time , no see . Sorry , charlie , he just barged in . That 's all right . Just call security . Whoa , charles , i 'm not feeling the love here . You 're in rehab . That was our deal . 30 days , then you might get your job back . I 'm clean . I 'm sober . Look at me , i 'm even tan , and i am - I 've got a lead on something - 30 days rehab . That was the deal . Yeah , yeah , yeah . Come on , charlie . You 're too good a producer to let your personal feelings Get in the way of a great story . How great ? Last night , nasa satellite crashes in southern utah . This is news ? We call that gravity . Nasa claims it was a weather satellite . I know that 's a lie . And why was an army retrieval team Sent to pick up said nasa bird , And why was that team from the department of bio-Defense ? If this is another one of your paranoid fantasies , I swear to - The whole unit died horribly . Wait a minute . Wait . Wait . Did ... you know this for a fact ? I saw the visuals myself . You got tape ? I can get tape . Right . Meanwhile , a couple of hours later , One of our leading epidemiologists Is picked up by the army and whisked away . And ? And the army general in charge is mancheck . Mancheck . See ? I knew it . I knew it . You-You just won 't let that go , will you ? I mean , you 're like frickin ' ahab And the white whale with that guy . I swear to god , this just fell in my lap . All i need is a week to run this down and a crew . A week and a crew - That 's all i 'm asking for . Three days , then you get your ass back in betty ford , Or wherever you were . This man loves me . Don 't kid yourself . Loves me ! External symptoms - Pronounced swelling of all surface veins and capillaries , Jaundice-Like yellowing of his eyes . A few of them are clutching their chests . This could be coronary . Not coronary . Look at his face . Asphyxiation , maybe . No , if a person can 't breathe , They try to loosen the clothing around their neck and chest . Look at that guy over there . He has his shirt buttoned all the way to the top . This isn 't asphyxiation or heart attack . Well , the survivor we saw Was over near the retrieval vehicle . Dr. Noyce . Take a look . Look at the way he fell And broke his nose on the steering wheel . There 's no blood . A wound like that should bleed profusely . Not one of the corpses we 've seen , Including the bird food back there , were bleeders . What is it ? I thought i heard something . Don 't get sketchy on us , doc . We have a survivor on tape , remember ? Major , there 's a g.P.S. Tracking device in the shotgun seat . It should still be locked in on the satellite . Sorry , boy , i gotta get in there . Bill , have a little respect . How about we do our job and get out of here ? Yeah , it 's working . Looks like we 're close . Pull over here . There it is . Unbelievable . They opened it . Angela , can you check his lividity ? Okay . Give me a hand , bill . One , two , three . Easy , easy . Dead for hours - Distended arteries , no bruising . Look at an artery , would you ? Check his radial . Clotted solid . What does that ? Is there a problem , officer ? License and registration , please . Nice bike . It 's a 1951 fl panhead . I did the restoration myself . Beautiful . Tank shift , foot clutch - You don 't see those anymore . You are jonathan scott ? Yes , sir . I-I just gave it new tires . Are you ready ? Yes . Is your husband watching ? Yes . And the family ? I hope so . Would you like to say hello to them out there ? Um ... i 've seen enough . We should nuke this place and be done with it . You 're not serious . Under the wildfire protocols , directive 7-12 , A limited nuclear strike is a contingency . I agree with bill . Ditto . Why mess around ? Because it 's premature until we know what we 're dealing with . You 're all forgetting that we have a survivor on tape . Yeah , nine hours ago . Maybe they 're dead now Having drowned themselves or burned themselves Or cut their own freakin ' heads off . Hi . You 're okay . Shh . Shh . It 's okay . Hi . She must be hungry . There 's some baby formula here . No , no . Don 't-Don 't - Don 't feed her . Don 't-Don 't do anything until we get her out of here . Maybe feeding 's part of the disease process , Or there was something protective in her diet . We can 't take the chance . We have to get her into a lab right away . It 's too bad she can 't tell us what happened . Maybe she can . You leave that baby here ! You got-Got no right to - Ow ! You all right ? Don 't-Don 't touch me . Just worried about your suit . Let 's l-Stat him and get out of here . We 're coming into the lab with two survivors - An adult male and an infant female . I will recommend to the president That he order a limited nuclear strike . Negative . Negative . We need to figure out What the hell we 're dealing with first . I disagree . What we 're dealing with induces death , Suicide or homicidal behavior within minutes . You have as much time as the president gives you , And that 's it . What about our survivors ? They 'll be taken along with the satellite Into the lab through a separate entrance . Dr. Chou and dr . Barton will be waiting for us . We have no choice now , chuck . This thing is scary . Our safest option is the nuke the site , And only the president can authorize a nuclear . You promised us there would be no problems with project scoop . You know as well i as i do there are no guarantees On something like this , so calm down and let me handle it . Pretty impressive security measures here . Better than they look . Killer pine trees ? We 've been under continuous observation By satellite and ground sensors Since the moment the helicopter dropped us off . There 's at least one armed predator overhead at all times . If we were a menace , we 'd be dead by now . Dr. Stone , long time , no see . Same to you , george . How 's your daughter ? 13 going on 35 . Hello , dr . Stone . Access approved . Grouped around a central utility core , At the bottom of which is our power source . A small water-Cooled nuclear reactor . And the pool hours are ... hey , at 5,000 to 8,000 rem , even a small exposure Would result in disorientation or coma within minutes , But , hey , knock yourself out . Now the top two levels Are for service and maintenance crew . They live on-Site in 3-Month rotational cycles Under the highest levels of security clearance . The bottom three levels Are the actual heart of the facility - The laboratory itself And culture equipment . Decontamination and containment are second to none . It 's safe to remove your helmets . Oral antibiotics to kill off any flora That we might be carrying internally . Now decontaminating the body externally Is a bit more dramatic . You 're gonna have follow directions closely . Taking a shortcut could prove to be fatal . Once you 're ready , You 'll establish your identity using a retinal scan . That was some spa . We do have our amenities . Now we each have our own private sleeping quarters , Though we might not see much of them . The dining area and gymnasium , which never close . Now the badges you 're wearing provide voice-Controlled access To the computer system and the lab equipment . They also monitor any radiation Or possible contamination you might face And provide inter-Lab communication and recording . You need to wear them at all times . As painstaking as the entrance is , I promise you , it 's much harder to get out . Each level is self-Sealing , and egress Is only through authorization from the level above . Communication with the outside Is via secure fiber-Optic phone lines and high-Speed lan . We can contact our families ? Yes , but communication is only one-Way . Any personal urgent calls coming into the faculty Are rerouted directly through the comm center . Of course , your privacy will be respected , But the priority here must remain the security . There should be no discussion whatsoever About what we 're working on . What happens in the event Of an accidental contamination ? Hatch and seal , like a submarine . In the event of an overwhelming breach , The lab is built atop a nuclear device . I 've just armed that system . Once it 's activated , There 's a 15-Minute countdown to detonation . You gotta be shittin ' me . I 'm sure the chances of an accident In such a beautifully designed facility are too small to be significant , But if there should be a mistake ... there is a fail-Safe plan . Dr. Keene is our odd man . Please insert your card . Odd man ? Place your thumb upon the panel . To abort the self-Destruct sequence , Bill i.D.S himself via thumbprint and his card . There 's a panel like this on every level . Why bill ? The army ran an extensive battery of tests , And determined that unmarried males were more likely To make the right choice during a crisis . In our particular case , the right decision Is to not prematurely abort the self-Destruction sequence . So you were looking for the man Most likely to kill himself and us . Cool . I feel so reassured . The omission was not deliberate , sir . This is one of those programs That was initiated years ago by a previous administration . It 's just one of a number of platforms We have exploring the singularity . Oh , and now , as a consequence , you want me to drop a nuclear bomb on utah ? That would be general mancheck 's recommendation , sir . It 's a limited low-Yield tactical device , mr . President - Less than a kiloton . Oh , is that all ? We have ongoing test ban treaty negotiations With the russians and the chinese . We 're still trying to get north korea and iran To abort their nuclear programs . How am i gonna explain this to them ? Additionally , mr . President , Not to be crass ... that 's your job , pat . Weigh right in . Nuke utah for whatever reason , And you can kiss your reelection good-Bye . What does dr . Stone recommend ? The wildfire team is divided over the issue . That wasn 't my question . Dr. Stone would prefer more time to examine andromeda . I should add , mr . President , That while no one is sure of the origin of this infection , We do know that a north korean satellite was in in the area Just prior to our bird going down . What , you 're saying this was an aggression , chuck ? Why would the koreans do that ? The pyongyang regime has always been a loose cannon , sir . I 'm not prepared to go to war on a hunch And some half-Baked intelligence . If i authorize it , how quickly Can you call that strike on piedmont , general ? Let 's give dr . Stone some time to do his work . You lied to me about that satellite . " Need to know , " ed . If you ever lie to me again , chuck , And homeland security might just stumble Over on of your little " off the book " ops . Why did you push the korean scenario ? You said yourself it was a possibility . But unlikely . You know something i don 't , chuck ? Just do your job , general . Let me do mine . Yes , sir . I - I just gave it new tires ... henderson . Charlie ? Nash here . I got a tip from my army source . Units of the salt lake city national guard Are suddenly being deployed for a " training exercise related To immigration and border security . " Odd thing is , according to my source , The order originated directly from the office of chuck beeter . The director of the n.S.A. Doesn 't have the authority To call out the national guard . Fancy that . Oh , also , something 's happened to my original source on scoop . He left me some weird message that cut out abruptly . If i-If i text you his particulars , Can you pull the phone records , Tell me where the call came from ? Sure . I 'll see what i can do . And you check in with me regular , nash , And watch yourself . We 're obviously dealing with some kind of infectious agent , Whether it 's viral , fungal , bacteriological , Parasitic or prion , we just don 't know . To complicate things , the latest weather report Indicates a possible santa anna weather condition Developing within the next 48 hours . Those winds could conceivably sweep the contagion Towards southern california . Charlie henderson from nnt called About the utah guard rollout and the rumors That it originated out of beeter 's office . Unbelievable . This place leaks like a sieve . It 's sooner than we might like , But not entirely unexpected . In any case , i think we can stall henderson . Maybe this would be a good opportunity To offer nnt an exclusive about your reelection campaign . You know , kill two birds with one stone . Henderson is not the real problem . He can be leveraged , but nash - Nash is different . Nash is a bulldog . Have you located his sources yet ? He 's gone to ground , but we 're closing in . The problem is , if nash gets in contact with stone , There 's gonna be no way To keep project scoop out of the press . Can 't we just impose a gag order On the wildfire team ? That ain 't gonna be pretty . Of course , sometimes these communication systems Suffer from mechanical failure . I say we go nuclear and sterilize the whole area . Fortunately , you 're not in charge . The final call , please correct me if i 'm wrong , Is the president 's . Dr. Stone , please contact the communications officer . Dr. Noyce is right . Our job is to employ the best science we can So the president has the information he needs To make a decision . Now why don 't you all get started on the satellite ? I 'll be in in a minute . Call for dr . Stone . We 're having a problem with the communication system . Now we 're okay within the lab , But i can 't raise the outside at all . Computer , phones-Nada . Okay . So we 'll be entering the capsule through the compartment door , Which was originally removed by piedmont 's late fire chief . I think it 's safe to conclude That andromeda was originally inside the capsule , Otherwise the citizens who recovered it Would never have made it back to town alive . What did mancheck say the satellite was doing ? He didn 't say . Apparently , we 're experiencing Some kind of technical glitch within our communication system . Glitch ? I don 't like glitch . All external computer and communication lines Are down , but i 've been assured That they 're gonna have them up and running as soon as possible . Please , dr . Chou , continue . Uh , well , this is not a new satellite . I would say it 's at least two to three generations old . And from what i can tell from the exterior , It wasn 't designed for communications , Navigations or surveillance . In fact , what it appears to be is a - Biocontainment vessel . Son of a bitch . Well , it 's very damn odd . It means that it was designed To capture and retain biological materials . Which means two things - And the second thing ? Mancheck is lying . So it was what ? Randomly collecting bio samples in space ? What are the chances of that ? Slim to none . Let 's pop it open . Wait . Go back . Stop it . Zoom in . Could that material be andromeda ? That 's still to be determined . If that 's what knocked the satellite down , It must have been moving at a tremendous rate of speed Or be incredibly heavy . How could that be ? It didn 't do that much damage to the satellite . Maybe it has elastic qualities we don 't know about . For now , let 's assume this is andromeda . Bill and charlene , you check the pathology of this thing . See if you can figure out how it kills . Dr. Noyce , you examine our survivors . Find out what kept them alive . Dr. Chou , you and i will test the black substance in andromeda For what conditions each likes and dislikes . See if we can 't i.D. Their nature and their structure . So , sergeant george , you and the men of bravo company Have no idea then what this sudden call-Up is about . No , sir . They pretty much tell us to show up And we find out what the deal is when we get there . Meanwhile , the pentagon insists This sudden alert of the utah national guard Is nothing more than a routine training exercise . No further details are forthcoming , Including when this deployment will be over . When have we heard that before ? Computer , patient number one , According to documents found on him , is kyle tobler - Male , 60 years old , Undernourished , possibly anemic . Computer , has he responded since arrival ? Basolyte test results ? Kyle tobler is a g.I. Bleeder . I want two units of whole blood , plus plasma , And vitamin k for him And a complete blood workup on both patients . You 're gonna be okay , sweetie . I promise . Hey , charlie . What 's up ? I 've got some bad news about your friend . He 's dead . I 'll text you the details in a moment . I 'm sorry . Time-Ten seconds . Damn , this thing is lethal . And airborne if there was any doubt . Let 's check it . Most john does we get don 't drive a harley panhead . Lucky for him you remember that . Yeah . Lucky for him . This your friend ? I don 't know if you know anybody in the family or anything , But , uh , if his bike 's available now , you know , I 'd love to buy it . No harm in asking ' , right ? Removing contaminated air . Dead animals are not infectious . That 's an extremely unusual adaptation If that 's what that is . Well , we know andromeda coagulates the blood , But how does it enter the body - Through the lungs or the skin ? We can radioactively tag some blood proteins And scan the animals on their initial exposures . Let 's start with a rhesus . So you think mancheck deliberately isolated us ? Let 's just say I wouldn 't put it past him . Have you told the others ? I don 't want them distracted . There 's so little time as it is . Why tell me ? I guess because i needed somebody to talk to , Somebody i trust . Mmm . Are you making any progress ? Yes , the infant 's blood work is normal , And tobler 's anemic , and his ph is very acidic . I don 't know why . Why don 't you go ask him ? George , this is dr . Stone . Yes , sir , what can i do for you ? We 're having some kind of communications problem down here And i need your help . Do you got a cell phone that works ? Yeah , my wife got me this new blackberry . Jack , it 's jeremy stone . I need to talk to you . It 's urgent . I 'll try to call back in one hour . Damn it ! Aah ! Who the hell are you ? Where am i ? I 'm dr . Noyce . You were bleeding very badly internally , And we had to give you a transfusion . What happened in piedmont ? There was an outbreak of disease . That 's why we brought you here . Am i contagious ? We don 't think so , But we don 't want to take any chances . Initiating the scintillometer and exposing the subject . Definitely inspired by the lungs , Andromeda then crosses into the bloodstream And begins coagulation . But is that how it actually kills ? Could it be a single cerebral clot ? Maybe an anticoagulant could stop this thing ? Let 's repeat with something like heparin . Okay . I want to get these tissues samples out to the lab first . Computer , sample and stain with he and p.A.S. I also would like sections of the nerve tissue stained With both nissl and cajal gold preparations . The black material is artificial . What do you mean ? A construct ? Yeah , at first it appears to have A complex lattice-Like microstructure of carbon fibers . Further analysis reveals a structure of buckyballs . Well , that would explain how the contact Drove the satellite out of orbit without damaging it , But isn 't this kind of application still theoretical ? Yeah . This is nanotechnology light-Years ahead Of anything anyone is doing right now . What about the other material ? Did you see that ? That must be our infectious agent . Computer , replay . That 's andromeda . Did anybody else make it ? Just you and the baby . That 's sylvie . It 's the ritter kid . Not used to her being so quiet . She 's one little yeller . Cries to beat the band . Nobody else made it ? No , i 'm afraid not . This-This place is giving me the creeps . I want-I want to get out of here . You 're not well enough to go anywhere . I know my rights ! I - I-I 'm no damn terrorist . You 're in quarantine . Well-Well , give me a cigarette then . Sorry , no smoking . Oh , yeah , i 've heard that bullshit before - No smokin ' , no drinkin ' , no mexican food . What 's the point of livin like that ? It 's damn boring . You 've been hospitalized before for the bleeding ? Hell , yeah . Spittin ' up blood like old faithful . Tell me i got an ulcer the size of a grapefruit . Did they give you any medication , kyle ? They did , but i didn 't much like the taste of it . So you went untreated . What about the pain ? Uh , aspirin works just fine , About a bottle a day towards the end there , Plus a little squeeze . " Squeeze " ? The pink lady , Red eye . You know , sterno . Sterno , that 's got methanol in it . Is that bad ? It can blind you or kill you . Well , it didn 't kill me . They all died , But i didn 't . Kyle . Kyle , what happened in piedmont ? What happened to you and the others that night ? I don 't want to talk about it . It 's very important . Lots of lives depend on what you might know . Look , i don 't know ! I don 't want to talk about it . Kyle , What did you see that night ? It was jeff megan and suzie travers . They found the damn thing . They 're just kids , really . They-They brought it to the fire station To the chief hank benedict , 'Cause i hear he 's an engineer and knows lots of stuff . The only reason i know is ' cause i was playin ' poker At the fire station - Me , hank And al ritter who runs the gas station , Herbie block and annie dillon . You think it 's from outer space ? It fell from the sky , annie . You know what i mean . Is it alien ? Yeah , that 's why it says u.S.A. On the side . You think aliens can 't spell ? Probably just a weather satellite . Yeah , that 's what they want you to think . Have you ever heard of area 51 ? You don 't think that there aren 't all these secret Government things that goes on that none of us know about ? What do you think , hank ? It 's a satellite - Weather or communications or something . I 'll make a few calls , and let you know what i find out . About a half-Hour later , i 'm gettin ' a soda From al 's gas station Because the squeeze makes you kind of thirsty . So you 'd been drinking that day ? How did you feel ? A - A-A little dizzy , My-My breath was kind of short on me . My head ! Aah ! My head ! Al ? Hang on ! Hang on , buddy ! Hey , annie . What 's going on ? What 's wrong with these people ? You got to burn ' em out . Don 't you see ? It 's the only way . Annie , well , what - Annie ! What-Hey , annie ! Annie ! And then everything 's quiet . Then it 's like the whole world is dead . And that 's when i saw the general , Scott arnold , a vet , steady as a rock . You know what 's happening , kyle . They 've gotten under the wire . They 're inside the compound . I - I don 't think that 's it , general . Got to face facts , soldier . You tell ' em back home i did my best , okay ? I thought i 'd gone crazy , Hallucinatin ' , too much pink lady maybe . Hey ! Hey ! Hey , over here ! It 's me ! I 'm here . Help me , man ! Help me , man ! You got to help me ! No , no , no ! Help , help , No , no , no , no ! Poor bastard . So tobler was acidotic because of the methanol he was drinking . It breaks down and becomes formaldehyde and formic acid . Plus he was taking a bottle of aspirin a day . That affected his breathing ? He had to breath rapidly to blow off the carbon dioxide And decrease the carbonic acid in his body . Well , maybe there 's a way To attack andromeda in there . No , the baby 's ph is normal . There 's nothing unusual about her except her colic . Charlene ? Here 's what we know so far . Andromeda is approximately 1 micron , The size of a single cell . It 's transmitted by air . Dead organisms are not infectious . Andromeda is inspired by its victim . It crosses into the bloodstream where it initiates coagulation . Death occurs within seconds . Now we tested anticoagulants , But they don 't affect its process . So it cannot transmit from a corpse ? Yeah , strange , isn 't it ? Andromeda kills men , kills all mammals as far as we know And then dies within the organism . It shows no signs of having adapted to mankind . You know , maybe this is just what it seems - An alien life-Form , the first mankind has ever encountered . So it 's not cuddly like e.T. , but there it is . Deal with it . Who says it 's natural ? It could be engineered . Especially given what tsi discovered when he was looking At the black material alongside andromeda . Yeah , it 's an extremely advanced form of nanotechnology Called buckyballs , named after the inventor buckminster fuller . The molecule is form of carbon 60 , octahedral in shape , With 60 atoms forming the shape of a ball . So if this black material was a manufactured shell Containing andromeda , Then what you 're describing is some kind of a biological bomb . Whoa ! Why not ? It would be arrogant to think that human beings Are the only creatures sophisticated enough To use bacterial warfare . Why would you assume alien origin at all ? Mancheck said there was a north korean satellite in the area . If anyone was gonna attack the united states , Why go through all the trouble of sending a contagion Into space and hoping that nasa will pick it up ? Why not simply bring it in on a shipping container Like one of the thousands that come in every day un-Inspected Because homeland security just doesn 't have enough resources To do the job ? And for that matter , why use such an exotic bug When plague , typhus or smallpox would be just fine ? Well , you 'd be the expert on that . Whoa ! Easy , keene . Mancheck is a liar , and you are a racist fool ! Yeah ? How many died in that outbreak in shanghai ? That 's enough , both of you . It 's growing ? That 's right . Now the first time it displayed that behavior it was unprovoked . So is what we just saw some kind of nonspecific growth response Or a sentient reaction to injury ? Maybe it just doesn 't like being poked ? I think we need to focus more on structure , What is andromeda made of . Bill , you and charlene , do an amino acid workup While tsi does a spectro-Analysis . I 'd like to continue my exploration Of the black material . That is , unless you think i 'm a security risk , bill ? I trust you , tsi . Why wouldn 't i ? I know there 's a link between kyle tobler and sylvie ritter . I want to continue to pursue that . Let 's get started . I appreciate the lift , man . Car just up and died on me . No problem , man . It 's important to see your family when they ship out . You never know , know what i mean ? What happened in shanghai ? It was a different time back then . The international treaties on biowarfare were toothless . Every country , including yours , was experimenting . We were field testing a weaponized version Of hemorrhagic smallpox at an outdoor laboratory . It proved much , uh , hardier than we expected . A young girl in a fishing boat 9 miles offshore Caught the disease , brought it back to the city . It killed 107 people , 30 of them children , before we could contain it . There were people in both our governments Who were prepared to unleash unimaginable horrors . I like to think that in the end reason prevailed , But maybe we were just very , very lucky . Jeremy ! Jeremy ! You 're not gonna believe this . Andromeda doesn 't have d.N.A. What is it , some kind of prion ? No proteins , not even any amino acids . Charlene was right . There has never been anything like andromeda Anywhere on the earth . This is terra incognita . This is alien . Hey , that 's good eatin ' . Appreciate the food , mr . Nash . My pleasure , sergeant . Didn 't know they were embedding journalists on this operation . Pretty much standard operating procedure these days . Just bringin' the war on terror home . Nash . Jeremy stone . Jeremy stone-I 've been trying to reach you , man . Where the hell are you ? You sound like you 're at the bottom of a well . You can say that . Listen , why is the guard deploying in southern utah ? They 're calling it an exercise , But the orders originated with the n.S.A. Possibly because some kind of secret satellite Code-Named project scoop came down in the desert . What is project scoop ? No idea , but it 's army . This is being run by our old friend general mancheck . Let me tell you , when that sucker came down , It killed a lot of people . I mean , no one 's saying infectious outbreak , but - And-And how do you know that ? I can 't give details , but it cost my source his life . And it wasn 't any virus killed him either , Unless microbes routinely pack.9 millimeter slugs . These guys are not messing around , jeremy . Now i 'm being followed . At least , i was . Are those guard units carrying any biohazard here with them ? I don 't know , but i can check . All right . Well , pay close attention to their equipment . I got to go , jack . Wait , wait , wait . I showed you mine . You show me yours . It 's a biological infection called andromeda . That 's all i can say for now . When i know more , i 'll call you first . I promise . Look , in the meantime , see what else you can find out About project scoop , and i 'll call you back in three hours . Listen , jack , be careful , And i 'm not just talking about the army And whoever else is following you . Andromeda . It 's lethal , beyond comprehension . Tuesday , marty , pot roast . It 's just coffee , sally . You all right , marti ? You look kind of green around the gills . Flu or somethin ' , my head 's killin ' me . You have any aspirin ? Yeah , sure . They 're all out to get me . Marti , you 're hurting me . Please , marti , please . General , there has been an incident 40 miles south of piedmont . A utah sheriff named willis has shot three people And killed himself . Here 's the raw network feed . And here 's the security camera . Please , marti , please , Please . If it 's andromeda ... it is . I don 't know how willis escaped quarantine . Willis could have passed through piedmont The night of the infection before the quarantine went up . Have you isolated these bodies And whoever worked the crime scene ? Already done , general . Mancheck . I have a message from dr . Stone regarding project scoop . Unless communication is restored fully To the lab , Jack nash will go public with all the details Live on nnt . You have ten minutes to comply . What happened ? Stone knows about project scoop . Put wildfire back online . Get me stone . Yes , general . Come on . You deliberately isolated us . And you lied about the purpose for the satellite , general . We had a technical problem , and the problem got solved . Now we want the full facts on project scoop And everything associated with it , Or i swear to god every press agency from " the new york times " To some podunk podcaster in nebraska will get this story . Nasa astronomers discovered a singularity In our solar system . A singularity ? A theoretical distortion in the space / time continuum . No longer theoretical - There was a sudden and inexplicable appearance Of a tiny source emitting extremely powerful bursts Of light and energy - In short , a wormhole . Now we 're still in the process of analyzing that data , But physicists have theorized since 1935 That traversable wormholes could function as portals Between distant parts of the galaxy . Project scoop was one of several attempts To explore this phenomenon , and in this case , To collect samples of living organisms . Now we 're not sure exactly what happened , But on approach , the satellite became erratic and came down . Shortly thereafter , the wormhole , or ... whatever the hell it was , closed . Well , why in god 's name did you withhold this ? We have wasted valuable time , time we don 't have , flailing about in the dark . Can you imagine the panic news of an event like this Would have caused ? It was strictly need-To-Know . Need to cover your ass . Now why would the army 's bio-Defense Be covertly collecting samples ? Maybe shopping for lethal material That wouldn 't be covered by any existing Or future biowarfare agreements ? What we did , whatever you think of our motives , The problem facing us right now is andromeda , And it 's getting worse by the minute . What do you mean ? Well , the president , largely on your recommendation , Opted for quarantining the area Instead of calling in a limited nuclear strike , And now we 've already had a breach . I just got word of an event outside the quarantine zone That sounds like andromeda . Now i 've got that area locked up tight , but i need to know , what have you got to fight this ? Nothing at this point , not a single thing . Andromeda is completely unlike anything we have ever seen . It would appear to be alien in its source except ... except for the material found along with it , Which we think might be a casing or a delivery system . It 's built from materials common to earth But utilizes a nanotechnology that so far is only theoretical . So what are you saying then ? Is andromeda of this world , or is it alien ? We can 't say , either way , But it 's extremely unlikely that andromeda is the creation Of any kind of terrestrial power . Whatever the source , general , we need to nuke piedmont right now . I have to say , i agree with bill . I think it 's still too risky . Well , what the hell else can we do ? Wildfire has effectively ruled out andromeda as originating With any known enemy - Foreign or domestic . Are we under attack or not ? Absolutely , but from whom or what , We can 't say with certainty . What , you 're saying this is an alien attack , chuck ? Yes , sir . Wherever andromeda comes from , It dies in piedmont , understand ? We 're ready when you are , mr . President . Are the guardsmen on the ground going to be safe ? We 'll pull back all forward observation posts 5 miles . None of our men will be in harm 's way , mr . President . Very well . Do it . 5 miles from the target , I want you to let loose and climb like hell . Theoretically you should be able to avoid the aftershock , But no one 's actually dropped one of these things Since nagasaki . Blair . You may authorize the launch when ready . Yes , sir . It 's a go . Sir . What exactly are we lookin ' for ? Trespassers , little green men , Who knows . Tear it down , fellas . They 're pullin ' us back . You got to be kidding me . You heard me . Let 's go . What is that ? Some kind of eagle , sir . It 's got somethin ' in its claws . What is that thing ? Whoa , whoa , you can 't shoot an eagle , sergeant . It 's a rat . He 's bombing us with a rat . No , way . Oh , my head ! You all right ? What 's up , man ? Oh , it hurts . He 's dead . This isn 't happening . Oh , man , this isn 't happening . It 's the end of days , The mark of the beast . Cut that out right now . The seals are broken ! Hell in a handbasket , it 's where we 're goin ' ! Put your gun down ! If mancheck hadn 't kept us in the dark - We just ran out of time . There are just some things that don 't add up . Chou 's casing theory doesn 't-Doesn 't feel right . Something 's missing , but i-I just can 't put my finger on it . # Come home , baby # Afternoon , private carson . Jack nash , nnt . Great job you fellas are doin ' . Can i help you ? Those , uh , stryker carriers of yours are really something . Are those chemical / biological units ? Yes , sir , pretty much top-Of-The-Line . Now what 's that bio trace m3 sampler ? Uh , it 's used to collect biological samples . We don 't normally travel with this kind of , uh , equipment . Why do you suppose they need something like that for ? Uh , why are you here ? You 're approaching a restricted area ! Stop your vehicle immediately ! It 's a suicide bomber ! Open fire ! Charlie , i 'm at-I 'm at desert h.Q. For the guard . Some kind of suicide bomber just attacked . I just sent photos . Also i just found - General michaelson , you ever heard of freedom of the - Take mr . Nash to the stockade . I 'm a civilian , general . He was illegally on my base , Which has just come under terrorist attack . Care to go on the record about that , general ? Northcom , this is alpha one . I will enter the release zone in 30 seconds . Roger , alpha one . Arm missile . Roger that . Arming missile . Missile is armed and ready to go . These are the results of our growth matrix program On andromeda . The particular growth medium Doesn 't seem to be a factor . But atmosphere and light are crucial . Darkness and infrared inhibit growth , likewise for oxygen . Nitrogen is a wash . Ultraviolet light stimulates , So does carbon dioxide . So andromeda thrives best in an atmosphere Of 100 % carbon dioxide lit by ultraviolet light . Looks to me almost like a pure conversion system . Computer , post all results for all closed growth systems . You 're right-No excretions , no waste , amazing . What effect does radiation have ? Computer , check all irradiated samples . My god , it eats it up . Nuking andromeda is not gonna kill it . It 'll make it grow exponentially . Give me general mancheck . This is a code red emergency . Entering release zone . Dewitt . Urgent message from stone . Get the president to shut down that launch . Mr. President , message from wildfire . We have to abort . Hold fire . 30 seconds to target . Mr. President . Dr. Stone , what do you mean , abort ? Andromeda eats radiation . If you nuke it , you won 't kill it . You will grow it . Northcom . General blair , this is president scott . I am ordering you to abort the mission immediately . Stand down , alpha one . Do not launch . I say again , cancel sequence and return to base . Roger that , northcom . This is alpha one . I am shutting down the launch sequence . Confirming - Missile is disarmed . Oh , thank goodness . Wow , that was close . Northcom , i am having some kind of mechanical problem here . Northcom , this aircraft is not responding . Northcom , please come in . I cannot control this craft . Oh , my-There went the visor . Northcom , my visor is disintegrating . The - I can 't-I can 't breathe . I can 't breathe . I can 't get air . I - I 'm losing control here , sir . I cannot get any air . I need - Northcom , please come - The missile is rearmed ! It 's disintegrating ! Its almost falling apart ! I have to bail out !
