 The treatment that almost killed Wes , it 's working . His Hep-C viral load is down . Wes , they 're doing some new trials . You 're in . Thank you , Rachel . You 're not quitting , Wes . - Yes , I am . - We need you . I need you . Well , I 'm in his office and it seems awfully empty . When are you gonna hire a replacement ? I don 't know ! These are my notes on David 's report on Lefelin . He wanted you to have a read and check the literature . - This isn 't working . - That 's okay . What do you think about hyperbaric chambers ? I 'm hoping that the oxygen therapy will improve some of the memory loss that I 'm having . Well , I always add a touch of Nina ... Nina ! In the Phase Three trial , the death rate was 2 in 10,000 . Now that Lefelin 's been on the market for two years , that rate appears to be 6 in 10,000 and 600 are dead . What went wrong ? Nothing went wrong . Four more deaths per 10,000 may sound like a lot , but it is still only 0.06 % of all users . Lefelin is a drug for sick people and sick people die . This drug is a huge advance over current treatment options . Simply , the benefits outweigh the risks . We see no reason why Lefelin should be removed from the market . Thank you very much , Dr. Van Horne . Our next witness is Dr. Enuka Okimba . Lefelin was designed to lower the immune response in people who suffer from autoimmune diseases . But for an unknown reason , it raises the likelihood of congestive heart failure . Yes , the number of deaths are small . But what if that 's because Lefelin hasn 't finished doing its damage ? What if , in 5 or 10 years , thousands die ? We have a petition from 900 rheumatologists and thousands of patients imploring us to keep the drug on the shelves . So if you could please refer to your data ? I would if I could . But Kernwell Pharmaceuticals has shelved my data . And I have repeatedly asked them to release it . So what are they hiding ? And why is this committee cooperating in a cover up ? Thank you for your testimony . We will have a short recess of 15 minutes . Hey , Mayko , what 's up ? Hey , I 'm glad I got you . Shit , you know what ? I 'll have to call you back . She wasn 't nearly as impressive as I thought she 'd be . With your testimony , any fears about this drug should be abated . So are you ready ? Yeah . You look a little concerned . Just haven 't done one of these drug reviews in a while . Just do a précis of your report , it 's a very powerful argument . Our next witness is the chief scientist of NorBAC . We welcome Dr. David Sandström . Hey , how you doing ? Here 's our report . Took us 3 months . Our piece in it was to go over the original research , nine years of it and 5 years of drug trials . We didn 't do any bench science , what we did was coordinate a multi-pronged evaluation that included the work of 6 universities and 3 independent labs . All our work suggests that this drug is ... safe . However , when Kernwell asked Dr. Okimba to consult , it was because they had a concern that Lefelin would stimulate the replication of viruses . And after a year of research , her data supported that concern , at which point they told her data was unacceptable and she was fired . Now , last night I learned that Dr. Okimba , because of confidentiality , is not allowed to refer to her research in this forum . I , however , am not constrained by any such rule . You were invited , Dr. Sandström , to give a verbal précis of your report . Since you 're not going to do that , this meeting is adjourned . 600 dead , Mr. Riddlemeyer . What if that 's just the tip of the iceberg . What if next year it is 6,000 ? Until such time as this committee gives its final report , Lefelin will remain on the market . Thank you . Don 't worry . The Press will grill him now . The committee has reached the decision to keep Lefelin on the market . That 's insane . - That drug kills people . - Is it true that you 're seeking the Republican Senate nomination in Virginia ? The good people of my home state have honoured me with asking me to run . And I 'm mulling it over with my new bride . Bastard ! My wife is dying because of Lefelin ! Pull the goddamn drug ! Let me go ! ReGenesis 4x07 Hearts and Minds The man 's wife is dying . What 's your excuse ? - They 're suppressing her research . - No , they didn 't suppress it , they ended it . If you judged her with your brain and not your cock , you 'd come to the same conclusion . How much will a Senate run set you back ? I don 't know , about 21 million . Let me guess , you 'll accept money from Kernwell whose profit last quarter was 220 million on Lefelin alone . And it cost them 1.2 billion to develop it . I have nothing to hide and neither does Kernwell . If you want to take this thing on , fine . You waste a week - and you drop it . - When did you become reasonable ? I want you to see that the system works . Yeah , it works . Just not for the people it needs to work for . We need to replace Weston Field . I 'm going to send you someone . I knew there was catch . Thanks for the reminder , Carl , but no . I know you want to run the lab , David , but let 's face it , your talents don 't lie in organization or management . Hey , it 's me , sorry I didn 't get back to you . What 's up ? When ? - Shit . Yeah , I 'll be right there ! - What 's wrong ? Bob had a seizure last night . Why aren 't you in the fucking hospital ? - Hello , David . - How is he ? - I 'm fine . - It was just a scare . They released me . There are no lesions in my brain that could have caused the seizure . They also ruled out hypoglycemia , hyponatremia and hypoxia . Yeah , well they didn 't rule out hyperbaric fucking chamber , did they ? I know you 're concerned , but you have to stop yelling at me . The seizure could 've been brought on by a bad infection . Or could be a panic attack . You went into the chamber , 10 minutes later you 're on the fucking floor drooling . Get the others . I remembered her name . - What ? - The girl I 've been thinking of . Her name is Nina . Yeah ? What else ? Guess how many search hits I got on the name " Nina " . 66 million . I figured I knew her from Roth 's labs , so I entered " Nina scientist " . I got 994,000 hits . Still nowhere . Thank you . So how was Washington ? They still wear bow ties there . - I like bow ties . - I know . You made quite the splash in DC . - A dozen reporters want to talk to you . - Talk but not listen . - Did you get my email ? - Which ? Same as the note I left on your desk three days ago . I can 't even find my desk up there . The X3200 microarray hybridizer is down again . Okay , tell Wes ... I mean , call tech support , - and get them to deal with it . - They don 't do the 3200 . Weston made a deal with the manufacturer for support . Wasn 't Witmar bought by Dunbar ? - Didn 't Dunbar go bankrupt ? - Okay , I get it . X3200 . I 'll deal with it . - How was Washington ? - I spent the evening with Enuka Okimba . - You know Enuka ? - Hottest virologist in the US . Quite the reputation . I was referring to her science . Yes , so was I. She 's done some groundbreaking research . A lot of high-end consulting . And she got great set of reviews for that book . Better than David 's . - People didn 't like the message . - Some people didn 't like the messenger . Regardless . Enuka and I spent several hours last night going over her briefs . She seems to think that Lefelin causes replication of viruses by inhibiting the immune system . Viral congestive heart failure ? She believes that her negative findings are being suppressed . And I believe her . Now , she doesn 't have the resources to pursue her research . We do . Since we came this close to putting our stamp of approval on this drug , it would be in our best interests to take a look at what she has to say . Beautifully designed , isn 't it ? You can find Lefelin in high concentrations in blood but it doesn 't accumulate in any organ , even the liver , which might be expected . This isn 't chemistry , this is art . You can see why you get great binding . In experiments done at Harvard the drug responded brilliantly . I know this bioinformatician at Kernwell . He 's a very respected dude . - Not a company man . - Except that he works there . He 's got a teaching gig starting in the new year . Anyway , he still says the numbers on Lefelin were fabulous . Yeah , because they cut Enuka 's numbers out . No , because Enuka is such a good virus hunter . They redid her experiments . The viruses were replicating before the drug was even administered . - Enuka is wrong . - That seems to be the theme . There are indications of infection in some of the dead , but it 's a classic case of sick people getting secondary bacterial infections as they die . So simultaneous with but not the cause of . Wait a minute . Mayko 's Bioinformatician dude friend at Kernwell said that there was viral DNA detected . There was . But none from a virus that could have caused their disease . I 've looked at the medical records of the 113 of the dead people ... And you hate to make diagnoses without real bodies . - Yes . - Just do your best . David , I need to examine a real heart . Okay , I 'll call Enuka . I know they did postmortem organ analysis . No , look , I want to look at a fresh one , that nobody has dissected or contaminated . Ditto . It would make my work more accurate as well . You want a real body ? I will get you a real body . Thank you . { \ - Great . } What ? Really ? Mr. Dixon . I 'm David Sandström from NorBAC . My sincere condolences . They said the ... drug didn 't harm her . Now she 's dead . Can you prove that it killed her ? Well , we have to look at your wife 's heart first . You 're not sure ? Why ? Why should I give you her heart ? Mr. Dixon , I think that there 's evidence that suggests that Lefelin increases risk of heart attack . I 'm just trying to figure out by how much and why . Believe me , I 'd love to pull a bad drug off the shelves . But if the drug isn 't that bad . If it ... improves the lives of millions of people who are suffering , we may just have to live with some deads . " Live with some deads " ? We do every time we drive a car or ... play hockey . There 's risk in everything . This isn 't about risk . I just lost my wife . I want to show you something . Edwina , she taught phys-ed before we opened a yoga studio . This room was filled with her students . She taught all over the world . She ... She got the lupus , and they put her on Lefelin , and she was dead within a year . Of heart disease . Heart disease , I mean , she was a health nut . Her parents are both still alive . Heart disease ? Please . - It is possible ... - Yeah , it 's possible . And it 's also possible that Lefelin killed her . That too . I 'm not gonna get to the bottom of this unless I can prove it . To do that , I need to look at a heart that hasn 't been autopsied . Which means somebody who 's passed away in the last few days . You threw a cup of coffee at somebody . Did that get you anywhere ? So what 's your strategy now ? You got me . - Do you have my organ ? - Yeah . So , how does it look ? I don 't know . I got the heart , not the stomach . - What ? What ! - David , it 's been embalmed . So ? I can 't do anything with this . Medical examiners , they do autopsies on embalmed bodies all the time . - I 've been embalmed . - Look , you can tell certain things like if arsenic is present . But I can 't do anything with this ! Wes wrote up an entire protocol on organ recovery . So now I fucked up but Wes wouldn 't have , is that it ? - Why do you want to do his job ? - I don 't want to do his jo . I don 't want anybody else to screw it up . So you did . David , he 's not coming back . I 'll hire someone else . Maybe we 'll get lucky . Thank you . It would really help if we could examine some live patients . Sure . - Hey , how 's it going ? - Good . - You 're here for ... ? - Job interview . What 's he like ? David Sandström ? Total prick . That 's what I hear . From ? Nevermind . David Sandström . I 'm , I 'm sorry , I didn 't recognize your voice . It 's cool . - Victoria Milling . - Victoria . Nice to meet you . - Your CV was very impressive . - Thank you . I 've run several private-sector labs and I think an MBA can give NorBAC a sharper , leaner attitude . I like leaner , but sharper ? Someone could get hurt . Victoria . I 'll tell you what , I need to find somebody , on an autoimmune drug called Lefelin suffering from congestive heart failure . - Consider it found . - Great . - So , where can I park myself ? - The office is upstairs ... This is a terrible question , I 'm gonna ask it anyway . Are you pregnant ? - You 're not allowed to ask me that . - Excuse me ? - It 's against the employment laws . - To ask a question ? It 's discriminatory . I know my rights . Look , if I hire you , it 's going to take 6 months to train you and then you are gonna fuck off for a year on maternity leave . What about my rights ? Are you pregnant ? Sorry . Riddlemeyer 's on line . I 'll take a message . So from all appearances , Edwina Dixon died from CHF . Congestive heart failure . The CHF is generally caused by artery disease , valve disease or congenital heart disease . But from the cardiac pathology , I think I can rule those out . What about hypertension ? Not really consistent with her medical records . Alright , well then it 's gotta be something foreign . We got ... viruses , toxins , drugs , alcohol . No correlation among the victims for drugs and alcohol . In fact they tend to be kind a health nuts . Liver and kidneys were functioning properly according to hospital records . Alright , what about viruses ? They 're still not finding anything in the blood or tissue samples . There are over a hundred million viruses in a teaspoon of seawater and you can 't find any in human blood ? I can find antibodies but I 've been through all of Enuka 's samples again and I still can 't find any Coxsackie B-3 , Parvovirus B-19 , or any CMV virus in all of heart tissue samples . Those are the viruses associated with CHF . Okay , maybe we 're onto some sort of congestive heart failure that 's caused by a virus that we thought was benign . Come on guys , let 's get creative here . Maybe we 'll , I don 't know , make a scientific discovery . Maybe some unknown virus damaged the heart muscle when they were babies . Hundreds of them get something later on in life , they take Lefelin and they die ? Possibly . Are we missing some sort of pattern : geography , ethnicity , - non-medical conditions ? - Like ? I don 't know . Maybe ... Maybe their genetic makeup affects the body 's response to Lefelin . I think what we need is a live patient then we can test some of these ideas . Yes , I 'm on it . Bob ? You 're alright ? You 're sure ? Okay somehow damages the heart muscle when they 're babies . You 're alright ? You 're sure ? Hello ? Enuka . David Sandström . Hey , David . How 's it going up there ? I really appreciate your support . Progress is slow . We need a living victim . The ones I was dealing with have all died . But with the press we got , they 're forming a national organization . " Victims of Lefelin " . I 'll get someone to call you . That 'd be great . Listen , that was fun the other night . We should get together . You feel like flying up for the weekend ? It 'd be nice . But since the FDA hearing , five drug companies have cancelled my consulting contracts . Payback time , eh ? Subtle , huh ? Without that work , I 'll have to shut my lab . Hang on just a sec . David , listen . - Hang on . And subcontracting work ? - My memories were all over the place , fragments , so I couldn 't piece them together . - I 'm on the phone , Bob . - Sound and picture out of sync . Why ? - Why ? - I don 't know either . Enuka , I call you back . What does this sound like ? - A finger nail on a piece of metal ? - See , I kept drawing . Nina . The lab . Everything . But it was all fragments . I couldn 't go anywhere . So I switched my mode . I decided to focus on sound . Suddenly the memories came flooding in . I heard her and everything . Bob , I want you to come with me . Nina ? By hearing , I saw . - Bob , let 's go together . - No , Nina . Someone has to do it . Nina 's the key to unlocking the memories . Nina will know , she 'll remember . We just have to find her ! - Okay , how 's the web search going ? - Nothing so far . Don 't worry . We 'll find her . Have you eaten yet ? Yeah , but I can eat again . But how will you find her if you don 't even know her last name ? Maybe Roth will know . She worked at his lab . We 'll find Roth . But , okay , how ? Wes left me some contacts . Maybe Riddlemeyer . Look , don 't worry . I am not on anybody 's side . I just need to figure out ... Because I need a living patient . Yeah , I understand . Look , can I send them an email or something ? Can I even talk to your lawyers ? You know what ? Fuck off ! - Dr. Sandström ? - You 're the guy on the phone ? - Yes , I 'm Marlo ... - Here 's the deal . I need to find a living patient on a drug called Lefelin who is suffering from congestive heart failure . Alright ? But the people in charge of " Victims of Lefelin " won 't let me talk to any because their class action lawyer has forbidden it . So now you have to find me a victim even though there is no central database - for side effects to drugs . - But ... You 're literally gonna contact every hospital in the US . Hope you get lucky . - David , my staffing budget . - Put it on my desk . I did . Tuesday and last Friday . Any day now . This is the office . It 's yours if you can get me ... A patient ... A drug called Lefelin . Congestive heart failure . Excellent ! Now , there are 5,794 hospitals in the US , - you better get started . - Should I take care of the 3200 first ? No , the 5,794 . But on the phone you said you needed the 3200 fixed right away . The microarray Hybridizer ? Yeah . The X3200 . Shit . You 'd better open letters first . This is more efficient . - You got a minute ? - For you ? Where 's Bob ? Sleeping . We were up most of the night . - Nina ? - Nina . Riddlemeyer keeps calling . You never return his calls . Do you have anything interesting to tell me ? No . Except ... I got you a Lefelin guy . How ? Where ? French Lick , Indiana . And no , I did not make that up . I found him on pillskill.org. A website for people who think their medication is making them ill . - Who is he ? - 37-year-old father of 2 . Developed congestive heart trouble after starting on Lefelin 11 months ago . His wife posted this tearful plea . - What did he do ? - He 's a dentist . Why was he on an autoimmune drug ? Colitis . Not severe . His wife says he was in perfect health otherwise . Okay . Gonna need an MRI for Carlos , we need blood samples for Rachel . Already ordered . See , someone can function here without Wes . Which brings up something I want to talk to you about . Dr. Sandström . Samuel King . Okay ? - We 'll talk later . - Sure . How did you get passed security ? I was a Lieutenant Colonel , USAF . I was chair of the Advanced Science Committee for 6 years . I retired last year . My wife just sold her business . So we thought we 'd get out of Washington and see the world . Well , that 's fantastic , Samuel . But this isn 't a travel agency . I was warned about your sense of humour . - By ? - Carl Riddlemeyer . When he offered me the position of Director of Operations here . He was supposed to set up this meeting . - Perhaps he forgot . - Oh no , no . I think he made a valiant effort . I don 't mean to be rude , Samuel , but I do my own hiring around here . And I don 't give a flying fuck what Riddlemeyer does . Yes . There were days I wished I could 've said that too . But I 've learned that Carl is about the smartest shark in Washington . So , say and do what you want , Doctor . But don 't say you weren 't warned . Nothing personal . Nothing is personal between 9 and 5 . Rachel , what do you got for me ? Your 37-year-old dentist ? No viruses known to cause Congestive heart disease . So we 're wasting our time ? Maybe the drug is good . Thanks , Rachel . Bob . - How 's he doing ? - Better . This is from a defusion tensor-MRI . The dentist , father of two ? Now , you can see the fiber orientation . Looks normal . Valves look good . Here and here , looks good . The only odd thing is inflammation on the right side . Odd because ? Inflammation usually begins on the left side . In fact in med school they teach you the most common cause of right-sided heart failure is left-sided heart failure . So what does this anomaly imply ? It 's gotta mean something . Yeah . I was reading about something last night , Brugada ? Brugada disease . Yeah , it 's genetic . I tested for it . Negative . You know , David , I think you 're supposed to try to hit the round black board . What about pericardial cyst ? Yeah , but that would show up in an X-ray . It 's not bacterial . Not viral . Parasites ? We checked for Taenia solium . Unknown parasites ? Sure , which ones ? We need a black swan . - A what ? - Karl Popper . Philosopher . All swans are white . In fact swans are white by definition , until Europeans go to Australia and discover black swans . Sometimes the impossible can happen . Yes . And then people say , " Of course you can fly airplanes into buildings . " The lesson ? Nothing is impossible . What are you searching for ? A black swan ? No , I 'm just going over the literature again . We 've ruled out coronary artery disease , hypertension , alcohol , disorders of the heart valves . You can also add viral , thyroid , and heart rhythm disorders . What about sodium retention ? - You mean nonsteroid anti-inflammatory ? - Yeah . And calcium channel blockers . We checked for them . Negative . I get a few hits here for Chagas . I thought about that . But only a handful of the victims have been to Mexico , and almost none to South America . Maybe they got it in the US . Chagas doesn 't really exist in the US . Only border states . It 's too cold . Global warming . Look at the Pine Beetle . It 's starting to move northwards . Millions of acres are being devastated . David , that 's been documented . How come Chagas moved north and nobody knew about it ? Because it 's a black swan . Nobody was looking for it . Come on , we found TB from South Africa in Chiapas . However it found itself there , it found itself there . What else have we got ? True . I 'll get Rachel to run a PCR assay for T. cruzi in the blood samples . Nina ... Another death in a Lefelin patient . I 'll order up samples . Here she is . Alright , I tested one patient , Sandy Kybartas from Dover , Delaware . Tested positive for Chagas . Never been south of Atlanta . Hijo ! Black swan for dinner , Carlos ? Or do you prefer crow ? Okay , it 's one patient . - Rachel , there 's more ? - Yes . So what are you guys talking about ? - No , please . - Go ahead , go ahead . Chagas , it 's a parasite from Mexico , Central and South America . Basically a bug bites you on the lip . And if you 're really lucky , it shits on you . Nice . If you 're really really lucky , a little protozoan that lives in the shit crawls out and into your body through the bug bite . The parasite floats in your blood stream and multiplies in the heart . - Yeah , right side ? - Right side . It lives there for 20 , 30 years , slowly munching away on your heart till you die of congestive heart failure . Notoriously hard to detect . Doctors in North America wouldn 't even think of looking for it . Wait . These people were bitten 20 or 30 years ago ? Some of them are only in their early 30s . That 's a good point . They 're on Lefelin ... It 's an autoimmune suppressor . So a normal immune system would 've kept the bug in check . But on Lefelin , the Chagas parasite may be allowed to proliferate . Or the body launches an immune attack on the infected heart . Either way , the damage is sped up . At least that 's the working hypothesis . Right . So , how do we prove it ? Enuka . David Sandström . - Got some preliminary news for you . - Really ? Chagas . We found antibodies against Chagas in a new patient and in the blood of three dead . Which is four out of four . David , the Lefelin victims ... they 're from all over the US . A lot of them are from Indiana , Colorado , Illinois , Oregon . I know , I know . We had a big discussion about that up here . We think climate change may be causing the disease to spread northwards . No , I don 't think conditions have changed that much . Well it 's our best guess . I 'll get back to you . I know that face . And that face says ... Global warming can 't be the cause of Chagas in the US . It 's not warm enough . See , there are the parts of the US that the weather is consistent with the bug . - David . - Just a sec . It 's still mostly in Florida and states that border on Mexico . Okay . Yeah ? So medical reports of Chagas are increasing in the US . - There you go . You see that , Bob ? - Wait , let me finish . Chagas is increasing because of immigration . Mexicans , Guatemalans , are heading north bringing the disease with them . Literally , inside of their bodies . Now for American-born , Chagas is actually decreasing . Fuck . CDC says Chagas is down by 11 % . I just got that report you asked for . The bug that vectors Chagas ... - Yeah ? - ... It 's the assassin or kissing bug . - Sounds like my ex . - The real name is vinchuca . And there is no evidence that it 's spreading in the US . Like I said , not warm enough . - In fact , some think it 's declining . - Fewer vinchucas , less Chagas . - Makes sense . - Why fewer vinchucas ? They like dirty places , animal pens , shelters . So ... as the US becomes less agricultural , reports of the bugs are going down . It was a good theory . It 's still rampant in Latin America though , right ? Yeah , in Bolivia alone . 300,000 children are infected . David , two more positives on Chagas . Patients 21 and 13 . What the hell ... Okay . How can Chagas spread other than by insect ? Blood ? No , the importation of blood products from Latin America is virtually non existent . Very few of the dead have had blood transfusions . Okay , Mayko , check it out . What about transplant tourism ? Not for autoimmune deficiencies . Plus , that would be impossible to hide in 600 dead people . Pregnancy . They got it from their mothers . - It can be passed that way . - If they didn 't go to Latin America , - maybe their mothers did . Mayko ? - I 'll look into it . - Food ? - Yeah , maybe . - Mayko ? - Sure . Why always me ? Because you 're good . You 're fast , too . Okay , forget medical tourism , forget blood , pregnancy : it 's food . I think . I just sent you an email . Open it . Okay . There was an outbreak of Chagas in Brazil in 1997 linked to infected sugar cane juice . Huge infestation of those bugs in the crops ? And the sugar cane was used as a sweetener in a health drink . What drink ? Guap . " Guap " ? Guap was test-marketed in health food stores all across the US for 6 months before it was pulled due to lack of interest . So far , Mayko has found 162 families who say their departed loved ones definitely or probably drank this stuff . So the drug didn 't make them sick . They would 've been sick anyway . But Lefelin sped it up . So you were right . But Enuka was right too . Everyone 's happy . Unfortunately , the drug will never sell in South America . Kernwell couldn 't give a shit . Drugs in Latin America have to be sold at a lower cost , so it 's no big loss . Don 't be such a cynic , Sandström . Speaking of cynics , could you please find us Olivier Roth ? He 's a very elusive man . Why ? Bob is looking for somebody who worked in Roth 's lab . - Nina something or other . - Really . Why ? I dunno . They were friends . I 'll see what I can find out . By the way , we 're being sued by a Victoria Milling . Something to do with discrimination against pregnant women . That 's complete bullshit ! I discriminate against everyone equally . Okay , I 've got a question for you . - What 's wrong with Samuel King ? - I don 't know , you tell me . You want him out of Washington . If you don 't trust him , why should I ? - Who said I don 't trust him ? - You did . Carl , you 're running for office in Virginia . Don 't you want one of your trusted confidants by your side ? Sam and I have had difficulties of late . He knows where the skeletons are . With this Senate run , I 'm not feeling his full support . I thought it might be a good idea to have him in a cushy job thanks to me . Well , I 'm not one for baby-sitting , Carl , but I did like the guy . So I made a couple of phone calls , there 's a position at the WHO . In Geneva . Basically you go from capital to capital , you have lunch with health ministers . Might be right up Sam King 's alley . What do you say ? Fine . - But you hire someone . - My someone ? What do you want ? Wes 's job . - Say again . - David , I 'm organized . I deal with reams of information . I work harder than anyone else . - Mayko ... - No , listen to me , let me finish . I 'm loyal , I 'm smart , I 'm good , I 'm fast , you said that yourself . You 're all of those things . You 're also the best bioinformatician in North America . I 'll continue to run the department . We just have to hire another body . Why ? Look , Caroline said one day I 'd be doing this job . One day is today . So ... what do you say ? Done . I love you , David Sandström ! Thanks ! Well . Hello-hello . Welcome . - Great place . - Thank you . Make yourself at home . - I 'll take that . - Thanks . - Can I get you a glass of wine ? - Sure , that 'd be great . - How 's the book going ? - Good . - It 's on the best seller list . - No way . Yeah . Science best seller list . Number 8 . That 's like saying you 're one of the top 10 bullfighters in Greenland . Whatever ! What about your book ? I 'm being translated . Into English . Bob ? - Is that your dog ? - No , friend of mine . Sometimes he hides . Does he bite ? No . Someone has to do it . It 's too dangerous . Nina ?
