 We need to replace Weston Field . I need to examine a real heart . - It 's been embalmed . - So ? I can 't do anything with this . I don 't understand why you do his job . I don 't wanna do his job . I just don 't want anybody else to screw it up . So you did . What do you want ? Wes ' job . Say again . I remembered her name . Yeah ? I kept drawing , right , Nina , the lab , everything . But it was all fragments . But I couldn 't piece them together . I couldn 't go anywhere . And I decided to focus on sound . Nina is the key to unlocking the memories . Nina will know . She will remember . So we just have to find her . Nina ? Hello ? Nina ! I didn 't think you were real . Of course I am . I thought you changed your mind . No , it just took me a while to find it . ReGenesis 4x08 Brood 14 Subtitles Team NorBAC Bbsiocnarf , Dapitch666 , Enelea Golgi , Linwelin , Michvanilly Version NoTag 1.0 So , how 'd the book signing go ? It was , you know ... Good turn out ? Wall to wall . I promise to make the next one , you just let me know . Sure . - Good morning , David . - Do you have an appointment ? I 'd like you to meet Colonel Wade Carson of the U.S. Strategic Air Command . Dr. Sandström , pleasure to meet you . Colonel . I 'm sure this visit doesn 't have anything to do with pleasure . Actually it 's an issue of National Security . When isn 't it , with you guys ? Who 's yanking your chain this time ? Not so much " who " as " what " . We 've recently had reports of suspicious activity near Arnold Air Force Base , in Tennessee . Activity ? Crow attacks . What 'll those crazy terrorists think up next , eh ? You 're serious ? Deadly . I never wanted to come back here but I had to . If my father died before I had a chance to make things right ... I couldn 't forgive myself . I 'm glad you 're here . So am I. I should 've known something was wrong . I wanted to call you or come looking for you ... It 's okay . And I thought maybe you didn 't want to see me again . I 've been trying so hard to remember . And all this time , you were always with me . I missed you so much . Bob , everything 's fine . What is it ? The work we did at Mr. Roth 's lab , on the stem cells . What happened ? Look at me . You really don 't remember . Olivier Roth told David that we failed . We abandoned the project . You know Mr. Roth . That 's just his way of protecting himself , keeping it secret . And I can prove it . Because I can feel that you 're scared and you don 't know why . Your Jacobson 's organ is working ? I 'm completely aware of people 's emotions , even total strangers , without having to think about it . It 's so wonderful to be able to understand someone so ... So completely . That 's what we wanted . And we are at the beginning . And to be the first one to have a part of you inside of me . You made me a better person . I 'm not so sure . What is it ? What is scaring you so much ? - I don 't know . I can 't ... - It 's okay . It 's okay ... We 'll get there . Together . I 'm sorry , but I have better things to do than relive a bad Hitchcock movie . Except this isn 't fiction , Doctor Sandström . - No , it 's paranoia . - There 's a boy in the hospital who would argue that , if he wasn 't on a respirator . Have you ever heard of the Air Force 's BAM Project ? No . It stands for Bird Avoidance Model . We 're constantly monitoring migrations , putting out daily bird mass projections for the entire US airspace . So a couple of angry crows don 't fit with your model - and you hit the panic button ? - Try hundreds and hundreds , David . These attacks occurred in the vicinity of Carlisle , - near Arnold Air Force Base . - The best ornithologists in the country have tried to figure this out . Nobody can come up with an explanation . A bunch of crows are effectively grounding a squadron of B1-B bombers . We need to know why and who 's behind it . And you think these birds are working for Al-Qaeda ? It would be extremely risky scrambling those planes , should the need arise . Great . Alright , perhaps you can tell us ... Have you heard of a swarm of crows becoming this aggressive , so suddenly ? We have a jet standing by to take you to Tennessee . What ? Just a second . Give me a minute . Hello , David . Who is this ? It 's Bob . No , I 'm sorry , Bob doesn 't work here anymore . I 'm sorry I 've been a little absent lately . - Where are you ? - In Michigan . Well that narrows it down . What are you lost ? You trapped under a refrigerator , what ? David . I found her . I found Nina . No shit . Yes . And believe me , - she 's very real . - Promise me you 're safe . I am . I can 't wait for you to meet her . - You 'll love her . - Okay , when are you back ? I gotta go , but I 'll call you soon . Bob ? Ah , shit . - Carlos . - Yeah ? Pack a bag , we 're going bird watching . You could see them way off , gathering together . Then it was like they all just decided to come into town . I must 've taken down a hundred in less than five minutes . Since yesterday people are afraid to go out of their house to get the mail . Sounds like some of the locals are doing their part . And the Air Force ? We 've bagged about 520 crows so far . Any confirmed kills yourself , Colonel ? Not in this country . Any thoughts ? Well , crows are very susceptible to West Nile . It could be a variant . It can be environmental . Or dozens of other things we don 't even know about yet . Have you noticed any pattern to the attacks ? The seven wounded , were they in the same area ? Doing similar activities ? Maybe something threatening to the crows ? No pattern I 'm aware of . He 's off the respirator now , but he 's still a little groggy . What are his injuries ? He lost his right eye . Dozens of defensive wounds to his arms and hands , left jugular is punctured . Excuse me . Hey , Vince . My name 's David . I 'm a scientist , looking into these bird attacks . Think you can help us out ? Okay . What you were doing when the birds came after you ? I was over by Roger 's field . Flying my plane . Remote control . Were there a lot of birds around before you started flying your airplane ? I dunno . I just heard all this noise . Turned around . They were all on me . The birds , did they attack your plane ? No . Just me . I could understand if they confused the remote control plane with a raptor , or an owl ... But it sounds like they just zeroed in on the kid . Thank you very much . The US Biological Breeding Bird survey report no jump in the crow population , and that normal food sources are abundant . - So where does that leave us ? - Localized problem . Any landfills in the area ? A couple . But they 've been here for years . What about the Air Force Base ? Do you have any flow of hazardous waste - or heavy metals ? - We 've got a sludge lagoon and all drainage diverts around any landfill sites . EPA 's given us a clean bill of health . You want to point fingers , how about those cell phone transmission towers ? There 's no evidence of radio waves affecting birds . Not to the extent seen here . Jesus . Okay , we need to get some dead crows , slice-and-dice , see what we find out . - That 's it ? - That 's it . And here 's the asparagus . You have a lovely home , Mr. Corba . Frank . Oh . Thank you very much . What 're you thanking me for ? For allowing me to address you as " Frank " , - as a sign of ... - That 's my name . - I 'm very sorry . - Don 't worry about it . You 're a doctor ? You operate with those hands ? No , Frank , I 'm a biochemist . I study chemical processes and transformations , - within living organisms ... - I know what a biochemist is . I 'm not a high school dropout . Dad , please . What do you mean ? You think I 'm an idiot ? Can we just eat ? It 's okay . I should go . Bob , please ... Sorry . - I want to support you , but Frank ... - Deserves the same considerations for his feelings , I know , you 're right . The hell is wrong with you two ? You even hear yourself talk ? You 're like some kind of lobotomized ... head-cases . - I don 't know what you did to her ... - I 'm sorry that you 're frustrated . - But , I honestly ... - Would you stop for God 's sake ? Nina ... Sorry . Just give me a minute . Holy fuck . Attention passengers , please fasten your seatbelts and remain seated . You alright ? Yeah . - I got a call from Riddlemeyer . - What does he want ? He 's not so hot about me stepping into Wes ' shoes . What 's he going to do ? Fire you ? I 'll rehire you . I need you to get me the names of the best avian behaviorists we can talk to . - Where we at with the crows ? - So far some number eight shot and partially digested ... something . What ? Garbage ? Road kill ? Human eyeballs ? - I don 't know , haven 't done a DNA test . - Quick as you can . Formaldehyde ? - Oh , David . - Hey . So of all the different bacteria , parasites and viruses , both RNA and DNA , - known to affect crows ... - We 've got ' em all ? No , as a matter of fact , it 's more like " nothing special " . - What about Mad Crow Disease ? - Don 't think I didn 't go there . But all the brain tissue samples looked normal , so ... What ? Yeah , we got it . Where is this ? Almond , North Carolina . The attacks started just outside of town this afternoon . - Any wounded ? - Several . Two attacks , different states . What 's going on ? I don 't know any obvious connections between ... Carlisle , Tennessee and Almond , North Carolina . But I do see something obvious that 's not in common : military installations . You 're forgetting Pope Air Force Base , near Fayetteville . That 's 523 km from the attack site . That 's a long way from Almond , Carl . You may also wanna know that the CIA has intercepted some chatter from Iraq . According to the translators , these attacks may be a diversionary tactic . Well it ain 't working on me . Second attack , North Carolina . - Not a clue as to a connection . - Might have something to do with moles . The ones underground or on the skin ? Mammalia . The stomach contents of the crows was for the most part normal : insects , corn , worms . But we also found the remains of moles in all of them . So ? Moles don 't surface during the day . And crows don 't feed at night . But there 's something else . The moles smelled funny . It came from inside the stomach of a dead crow . They smelled of formaldehyde so I did a chemical analysis and confirmed it . All the moles have been contaminated with low levels of formaldehyde . Okay , in human beings this would cause what ? Blindness , organ damage , possibly respiratory problems . There 's no industry in Carlisle that would be using formaldehyde resin . You know , maybe we 're missing the link here because we can 't see it . All this time , we 've been distracted by looking up at crows . Maybe we need to look down . You found formaldehyde in the soil ? Yeah , it seems to be coming from the cemetery . Ten acres permeated with formaldehyde . That 's a lot of leaking corpses . It could be what 's causing the moles to surface . I would . It 's a good hypothesis . When we first got here , we saw quite a few moles above ground . Some kind of population explosion . Send some back for analysis . There might be some kind of connection between the moles and the birds . I 'm about to have Rachel carve up some North Carolina crow . If we find they 've been eating moles , I 'd say that qualifies as a connection . Alright . Heads up ! Gentlemen ! Gentlemen , take cover . There , come on . I was wondering where you went to . Why are you packed ? I have to leave , Nina . Because of my father ? I 'm scared , Nina . And I 'm not sure of what . But I do know where I have to go . Back to Roth 's lab . You know I can 't leave my father . David will come with me . He 's used to mind my panic attacks . He 's good that way . You don 't know what you 'll find , do you ? That 's what scares me . Nina , I 'll be back soon . Bob , please . Before you go ... I know I wasn 't much of a father ... Yes you were . I love you , Daddy . I love you too , honey . So does that young man you 're letting drive off ... Bob ! Bob ! - What do you got ? - DNA confirms that no moles in the digestive tracts of the crows from North Carolina . None ? No , sorry . So much for the mole theory . - What 's this spike here ? - It 's a toxicology report . Everything 's normal except slight traces of copper . In both the Carolina and the Tennessee birds ? { \ - Yup . } Copper poisoning is associated with dementia . Wait a minute . We found slight traces of copper in the moles as well . I mean , barely detectable , and probably harmless , but ... If it 's not the moles ... It 's what they 're eating they have in common with the crows . - What do they eat ? - Mostly insects . So soil samples that Carlos sent from Tennessee , - mainly grubs and earthworms . - Test everything . Insects , soil . Carlos said there was a mole population explosion . So that could mean that their food source ... You guys gotta see this . Okay , so attacks have been confirmed in Kentucky , North Carolina , Tennessee , Virginia , West Virginia , and in Maryland , where a C5 Lockheed Galaxy went down , that 's a huge military transport . - Any casualties ? - Pilot and co-pilot . Just after takeoff the pilot reported multiple strikes and engine failure . I 'm gonna need to see the data on the Tennessee insect and soil samples . Have them measure the copper levels as well . Mayko , can you pull up that database again ? This time , run a sequence in order of attack locations , from first to last . - You see that ? - Yeah . Whatever 's triggering these crow attacks is moving northwards . It seems to be localized in the Eastern half of the US . Lay in all the airports . Including the military ones . See , the civilian airports are on the outskirts of cities . Military airports are in the country where the crows are . That 's why they thought they were under attack . Just some good old-fashioned military paranoia . It 's funny . In the past 28 hours I feeled liked we 've gone from reunion to retirement . Must be the recreational vehicle . You 're happy , aren 't you ? Very much . I really liked waking up beside you . And ... everything else . Bob ! Sorry , I 've embarrassed both of us . Trust me , you 've got nothing to be embarrassed about . That 's good . Seems to me like you could use a little relaxing now . You 've been clenching that fist for the last hour . Yes , I see . Are you tense ? No . But I remembered why I needed to find you . What 're you doing ? Uh , be right there . Nina , I know I 've only loved you only for a short time , and well , I ... It was difficult for me to say because I remember practicing but I don 't remember the words for it . I just really want to be clear in this moment and I know I should stop focusing on the presentation ... What is it ? I owe you an apology . I don 't know where I lost the real one . When Richard Drew made this tape in 1925 it wasn 't very sticky and some people thought it was cheap and made by frugal Scotsmen so it got its name " Scotch " tape . But now it 's stickier . More adhesive . To make sure that things stick together for a long long time . I love you , Bob . Nina , what I really want is that ... I was just wondering ... Will you marry me , Nina , please ? Yes ! It 's perfect . Hey , normal levels of copper in the soil , tested around the area with the moles , down to eight feet below ground . Here . I 'm hearing a lot of what we don 't have . Well , what we do have , by the thousands , are maggots , beetle larvae and cicada nymphs . - Your basic mole diet . - All of which tested normal . Yeah , but check this out . These are periodical cicadas , the kind that gestate underground for 17 years . Now , almost every year , somewhere in North America , a group of cicadas , they call them " broods " , emerges . But the cicadas that you had analyzed , where were they in their life cycle ? Almost a couple of months old , which classifies them as part of " Brood 14 " . Okay , not too long ago in Tennessee , cicadas emerged . Yeah , so , after 17 years underground , feeding on grass and tree roots , the now adult cicadas crawled up to the surface , dried out their wings and did their thing for a couple of weeks . - " Did their thing " ? - Yes , " did their thing " . The males screech out some love songs , attract a mate , copulate and then they pretty much die right after . Now the females only die after laying their eggs . - Eggs hatch , out come the nymphs . - Nymphs burrow into the ground , - the whole cycle starts again . - But if the cicadas tested normal . I know , but look at this . Look at the range of this year 's emergence . Okay , in the blue , 13 states . 6 of them just happen to be the same ones reporting crow attacks . Okay ... Except the attacks are moving northwards . Got a cicada emergence in Georgia , but they have no problems with crows . - So that pokes a few holes . - Alright , but apart from the cicadas , what do the other states have in common that Georgia doesn 't ? Well , they feed on grass and tree roots . Could be regional vegetation differences . If we get attacks in Indiana and Ohio , I think it 's a good indication there 's something to these hatchings . Still doesn 't make any fucking sense . You said the nymphs tested normal ? Yeah . Bring Riddlemeyer up to speed . Let him know there 's a chance that this year 's " Cicada States " might have a few crow issues in the near future . When he asks " why " ? Tell him it 's a sign of the Apocalypse . Hey ! Move this piece of shit out of here ! What the hell you think this is , a trailer park ? Hello , Bob . Hello , David . Welcome back . I guess I should say something profound ... David , I know this is a lot of information all at once , and I 'm sorry to surprise you like this . No , It 's ... Nina . May you share everything with Bob . That 's nice , David . Including the housework . He tends to mask affection with sarcasm , but he means well . So , Nina . The lab . Olivier Roth . Help me out . Subtle , David . What ? For Christ 's sake , Bob , I 've been going through this brain fart with you for two months now . Bob trusts you . I know that . But ... he 's still scared . - There 's some pieces missing ... - What do you mean , " missing " ? Pre-trials all went well . Pre-trials on what ? Primates . Injected with my stem cells . But we ... didn 't wait long enough , we moved on too early . Bob , look at me . I am living proof that you made the right decisions . What , wait a minute ! Are you telling me that you 've had this procedure done ? And it worked . I have a heightened sense of empathy . That 's just fucking great ! Shoot first and ask questions later , is that it ? - Someone had to be the first volunteer . - No , they didn 't ! No , they didn 't ... - I have to ask you a favor , David . - I 'm not giving you away . I need you to go back to Roth 's lab with me . Did he contact you ? No . But I have to see for myself . To know that everything 's alright . Roth says the experiment failed . Nina says the opposite , and she is the opposite of failure . Conflicting information tells me that I am scared for a good reason . - Bob ? - Hey . Five new crow attacks : Indiana , Ohio , Pennsylvania . All recent cicada hatching states , David . - Any of them near airports ? - One , in Pennsylvania . Not military . But a Cessna did crash on landing . Multiple bird strikes . No fatalities . Good , contact the FAA , have them warn all the airports in the affected states . Still nothing in Georgia ? No , and no other attack reports except in states that ... That had this year 's cicada hatching . I get it . The question is why ? And why just crows ? - I have no idea . - Neither do I. It 'd be nice to have a fresh set of eyes on this . Bob ! Sorry , David , we just met the new lab tech : Bilal . Seems nice , a bit quiet . - This is ... - Nina ? Bob , there 's been some more crashes , okay ? Mayko , this is the soon-to-be Mrs. Bob . I like that , " Mrs " ... I understand the point , David . Is there a correlation between the location of the crow attacks , this year 's cicada emergence , and indigenous vegetation . The cicada nymphs burrow underground , and they feed on the tree roots . They suck on them , actually . Right ... Well , look , see ? From birch trees , to oak trees and almost everything in between , - eastern US has it all . - But not junipers , or redwoods , or ... Virginia , Kentucky , Tennessee , North Carolina , Ohio . These states , they all have three things in common . They 've got crow attacks , they 've got a recent cicada hatching , and they 've got over a dozen different species of trees . So how do we narrow it down ? Assuming , of course , there is a correlation between - this year 's emergence and ... - Humor me . Difficult to do . There 're so many vegetative combinations and permutations to consider . Okay , so aside from the cicadas , you said there were other insects found in the Tennessee soil samples . Yeah . Look at this . Scolytus multistriatus . - English . - Elm bark beetle . - Special because ? - They eat elm trees . - Look at the range . - Okay , elm trees . I was looking at maps of almost every kind of tree . Here you go . Well that 's interesting . But you said there haven 't been any crow attacks in Georgia . But in comparison to all these other hatching states , Georgia barely has any elm trees at all . I think you 're on to something , Bob . Good . It 's amazing to put faces to names . - Bob talks about you guys all the time . - Good things I hope . So , how did you meet ? We worked together . I should probably let Bob give you the details . Are you a doctor ? Is that how you two ... ? I was in the middle of my doctorate . Neurology . Specializing in regenerative therapy . - Stem cells . - That 's right . Mayko ! Where the fuck are you ? Welcome to the family . Just a little dysfunctional . Right . I 'm right here . Ah , there you are . Quick as you can . You want elm tree root samples for Tennessee , Ohio and Georgia ? Contact the USDA . And pull any info you can on the rest of the list . Wait wait wait . 2011 cicada nymph hatchings ? Don 't you mean this year 's ? No , this year 's have already emerged . And since we need to test the nymphs underground at the end of their cycle , we 'd have to wait another 17 years to test this year 's brood . 2011 nymphs are still underground . I don 't know how soon I can get all this to you . You should be done by now . Each of this year 's cicada states have elm trees in common . Why is that relevant ? Well , along with the cicada nymphs , we found elm bark beetles within the Tennessee soil samples . Insects notorious for transmitting Ophiostoma ulmi . - Dutch Elm disease . - The disease hit in 1928 , in Ohio . It spread halfway across the US in four decades . Block after block of beautiful suburban streets withered and died . Property values plummeted . Panic set it . And then in 1939 , they sprayed everything with DDT . By the mid-50s the WHO suspected it caused cancer , but they didn 't ban it until 72 . Meanwhile Dutch Elm disease kept spreading . So guess what they did next . Three decades of chemical cocktails , sprayed and spiked directly into the Elm trees . Look , dioxins , all sorts of shit including copper sulfate . And the trees soaked it all up . So below ground , cicadas are feeding on the roots ? But David , we tested them . Toxicity was normal . Normal for an insect 8 weeks into a 17-year life cycle . The 2011 brood have been sucking on toxic tree roots for 10 years now . And guess what ? Higher accumulation of copper . In fact the cicadas are eating xylem sap , which is where the copper circulates , so they 'd have good long-term exposure . You 'd think that would just kill the cicada nymphs , no ? - They must adapt over time . - No . Cicadas have proteobacterial symbionts that probably help them achieve a copper tolerance . So the bacteria in their guts " sop up " the copper . Exactly . So the cicadas increasingly became laden with copper sulfate . This latest hatching was basically a chemical bomb 70 years in the making . So summer arrives , warm weather moves north ... - As the attacks do . - Soil temperature rises 62 degrees , triggering the adult cicadas to crawl up from under . And boom ! Cicadas explode into the food chain . The crows move in , they stake their territories and basically gorge for weeks on toxic cicadas . And the copper streams into the blood , diffuses to their brains ... Affecting proteins specific only to crows . Essentially what we 're looking at here is avian schizophrenia . - Except , what about Georgia ? - Elms are few and far between there . They got their share of toxic treatments , but nowhere near the levels of other current cicada hatching states . Intelligence reports suggest otherwise . Come on , Colonel . Crow attacks as a diversionary tactic ? You know what ? They 're right , because look at you , you 're diverted . You 're sitting here in my office worried about birds . Look , I think this chatter that the CIA intercepted was merely observational . Try to relax until the summer of 2011 . What happens then ? The next cicada hatching in 16 different states all of which have been sprayed for Dutch Elm disease . - How many hatchings are there ? - Enough to keep the military " diverted " for the rest of your career , I imagine . We 'll run out of crows to shoot by then . That 's assuming that future hatchings will only affect crows . Who knows what you 'll be shooting at 17 years from now . Is this helping at all ? It was our last day , we were closing up , the animals were getting picked up . I had to secure the lab . Alright , let 's see if anybody 's home , Bob . I can 't remember the access code . After you , Bob . It 's okay , baby . It 's okay . We had finished our work ... Roth had left . The lab was being dismantled . I told him to stop . I don 't understand . We made a mistake , we can 't keep going . - I told him ... - Stop what , Bob ? What was he doing ? - The trials . We made a mistake . - No , Bob , the trials were good . But it was too soon . Too soon for what , Bob ? What are you afraid of ? Bob , we came here to end this , not run away from it again . - I don 't want to be here and do this . - It 's okay . - We can leave if you want to . - Fuck that shit ! Can we please just leave ? I don 't think so . Open this door . If you 're going to remember , you 're going to have to relive it , Bob . Now open the damn door ! Oh , Jesus . Fuck ... What the fuck happened here ? " GEN 011 S2 " . - What is this mean ? - The second stage primate trials . Injected with my stem cells . Looks like somebody didn 't want them around anymore . They did this to themselves . I thought you said the trials were a success . Transformed into highly empathetic animals . This isn 't empathy , Bob . It 's insanity . Oh my God ! What about me ?
