 extracted by LeapinLar , edited by rogard with additional parts made by nycera . Thanks ! Thats Orion right there , the triangle . And that is Cassiopia . - Cassiopia ? - Yeah . Who was she ? No idea . Thats the big dipper , and here we have another celestial body . What do you think you 're doing ? I 'm about to go where no man has gone before . It 's a satellite . This is so sick , look at that thing . I don 't know Jeff , maybe ... maybe we should leave it alone . It could be radioactive and stuff . - Should we tell Marti ? - Are you kidding me ? No . The old fart would just grab it and take all the glory . It 's gone . Great , Mandrake 's going to sit a brick . Bright light , big city , excitement . Peadmont , Utah , the armpit of nowhere . Awful quiet down there . What are those ? Buzzards . This is Caper One . Project Scoop appears to have been moved . I 'm following the signal . Roger that , Caper One . No signs yet of any life , except for this joker staring at us in his pick-up . Rounding the corner . Hold on . Looks like a war zone . Tell me I 'm not seeing this . This town is full of bodies . over here , over here , help me ! Help me man , you 've got to help me ! Oh God , no . No , no , no no ! No ! No , no , no , no , nooo ! - Where was this again ? - Piedmont , Utah . It 's an old mining town . There 's a state park nearby . It 's remote , very isolated . We seem to have caught a break there . You 'll forgive me if I don 't share your sense of gratitude . Was it the Korean 's ? I think thats unlikely . Who then ? We don 't know . We 're quarantining the area . This road is closed , ma 'am . You need to detour back around using state road 46 . I 'll also have a predator on an over-flight in the next couple of hours ; I 'll know more then . I 'll notify the department of homeland security . Let me handle that . And the White House ? Chuck . I 'll take care of both . I 'm also required to initiate the Wildfire protocol . Does Dr. Stone still have the team ? Untill they pry his cold dead fingers off the door . I don 't suppose there 's any way round him ? I can 't watch him 24 hours a day . Do you even know where Lance is ? Are you questioning my parenting ? How long have you been off your meds ? Oh ! The great Dr. Stone lays down the law . Nations tremble and nubile graduate students spread their legs . Look , you 're not safe , all right ? You 're not safe to yourself or to our son . Are you threatening me ? Don 't you try to bully me or I will drag you back into court . Yes . Dr. Jeremy Stone . I 'm Dr. Stone . There 's been a Wildfire alert . My orders are to gather you and the rest of your team right away . Lisa . Please get yourself checked in . Dad ? Late night ? It 's mom 's house . Mom 's rules . Not anymore . Look , I came by to tell you that I made arrangements . You 're gonna spend the rest of the month in L.A. with my sister . She 's gonna look after you . I can look after myself . Oh , clearly . Look , Lance . We 're not gonna argue about this , all right ? It 's a done deal . You should ... You should go pack . Mom 's the one who needs help . You mother has all the help she needs if she 'll just take it . Yeah , that just lets you off the hook , doesn 't it ? Sir ? You can 't wait to get out of here ? - I have to leave . - Yeah . I 'm sure you have to go wherever it is that you 're going . - If it were anything else , you know that . Yeah , I know . It-It 's work . It 's important . Nasa had a satellite fail last night over the Utah desert , and , uh , the army sent in a retrieval team . I just wanted to give you a heads up before all the phone calls start about the black helicopters and little green men . I guess they 're just playing it safe , Ed . All right . Approaching Piedmont . Preparing to make my initial surveillance pass . Go ahead . Commencing thermal imaging and night vision recording . What the hell is that ? Are those bodies ? Holy Christ in heaven . I 'm moving to northcom . Confine everyone to base and lock it down . I want you to stay here in D.C. In case Beeter needs managing . Yes , general . - How 's the campaign going ? - Fundraising has slowed , and we 're down 15 in the polls as of last night . Ha , looking for their piece of the action , you mean ? Exactly , and of course , the environmentalists are howling , and the opposition is scoring points . Ready ? Flattery will get you everywhere , won 't it ? Thank you , Pat . Mr. President , we have a situation , I 'm afraid . An infectious disease outbreak of unknown origin in southern Utah . - How serious ? - Well , the area is remote , and we think we have it under control , but I thought you might like to know about ... it right away . And I 'll wanna be there . Respectfully , sir , I think it would be better - if you stayed here in Washington . - Daddy ! Whoa ! Hello ! What are you doing here ? What are you doing here ? Did you escape ? Hello . Hello , Chuck . Joanne . I 'm sorry to interrupt , honey . I was packing and this little monster got ... away from me . You got away from your mama . Campaign tour ? Apparently the American people would rather see my wife than myself , although , I can 't say as I blame them too much . And as for you , young lady , you 've got to go back where you came from 'cause daddy is working right now , okay ? Bye-Bye . Bye , daddy . Bye . So this infection is of unknown origin , you say ? We 're still gathering all the facts , sir . This isn 't going to be another Houston , is it ? I think it 's very unlikely . Anything you need , Chuck , you let me know . - Yes ? - Dr. Tsi Chou ? - What is it ? - There 's been a Wildfire alert . You okay , sir ? Yeah . Light sensitivity . Uh , migraines . Adrian has a dentist appointment on monday . Don 't let him tell you he 's too sick to go . How long you think ? If I call you and ask you about your mother , Grab the kids , get on a plane and go west . Get as much distance between you and the continental United States as you can . I love you . I love you , too . Sir ? Beeter has informed homeland security and the president . The Wildfire team should be assembled at Peterson Air Force Base shortly after your arrival . Who 's the designated " odd man " on the Wildfire team ? Army Major William Keene . Ah , the hero of the Houston event . Excellent researcher and a fine officer . He had a big dust-up with Stone last year Over who first isolated the CD-1 virus . Have they made up ? They agreed to share credit , but there 's no love lost between them . Maybe that 's something we can build on . Sir . Major Keene ? What 's going on ? Please , make yourself comfortable , doctor . We 'll be taking off shortly . Hello , Angela . Jeremy . I , uh , asked for something bigger , but this is the best they could do on such short notice . I was in surgery . If it wasn 't important , we wouldn 't have come calling . How bad is it ? Preliminary reports suggest a fatality rate of nearly 100 % . You always bring me such good tidings . Please take your seats and fasten your seatbelts . Flight attendants , please cross-check the doors . I heard about you and Lisa . How 's Lance feeling ? He 's a teenager , so it 's always hard to tell . Beneath the raging hormones , I 'd--I 'd have to say he 's pretty angry . He 's tolerating the separation . He 's going to stay with my sister in Los Angeles - for the rest of july . - I almost called you when I heard , but I figured that your life was probably complicated enough . Yeah . Yes . Mr. Nash , you have a phone call . Well , I guess I 'd better take that then . - No names ! - God , you 're paranoid . Like the N.S.A. isn 't really tracing all our calls . Wheezer , knock off the double espressos and go back to bed . At the king . One hour . Yeah , may have a little trouble with that . Mancheck . Mancheck ? Mr. Nash ? Mr. Nash , I think this is a terrible mistake . I 'll check in again when I 'm done . - It doesn 't work like that . - What doesn 't - My addiction or my insurance ? Well , both , really . Simply put , these thermal vents on the ocean floor precipitate a fortune in almost pure mineral deposits , such as manganese , critical in the production of steel , and gold in higher concentrations - than most onshore mines . - Wheezer , this had better be good . Until now , no one could extract these deposits because of the crushing depths at which they are found , but this new technology makes it possible . Do you mind ? Come on . Don 't be a tease . What 's up ? Not up . Down . " Project Scoop . " What 's that ? A Baskin-Robbins ' special ? Funny . Check this out . It 's like a war zone . This town is full of bodies . Over here ! Over here ! Help me , man ! Help me ! You gotta help me . Oh ! No ! No ! No ! What the hell was that ? Early this morning , there was an exchange between Nasa and the pentagon about a satellite code-named Project Scoop that crashed in southern Utah . About an hour later , I picked that up - the last transmission of a retrieval team that went into a nearby town , Piedmont , - after the satellite- - - An army retrieval team . Hacking the feds is a felony , Wheezer . Homeland security will be all over your ass . My bike needs new tires . Mancheck ? No ! Caper One , do you copy ? Do you copy , Caper One ? Once again , Caper One , do you copy ? Come in . Get general Mancheck . Get Mancheck now . Jack Nash , my favorite muckraker . Whose career are you ruining today ? Oh , you know me . My hit list of the venal and the morally corrupt just keeps on growing . I can 't keep pace . Hey , is Jeremy there ? Well , for such a superb investigative journalist , You are sadly ignorant . The good doctor and I split . He has a love nest somewhere , probably on campus , close to the sororities he prefers . I 'm-I 'm sorry to hear that , Lisa , truly . But do you have a number for him ? This is very important . It wouldn 't do you any good . Saint Jeremy 's off on assignment for the army . Very hush-hush . They picked him up early this morning . Was this in regards to a Project Scoop ? Don 't know . Don 't care . Good afternoon , everyone . I 'm general George Mancheck , head of the U.S. Army bio-defense department . Uh , you are now being distributed e-papers . They contain continuously updated information about Wildfire , and what we currently know about the event , which is very little . Since the failed biological attack in Houston last year in which major Keene here played an important part , our vulnerability to terrorist action , especially bioterrorism , has been a subject of intense discussion . You , the Wildfire response team and laboratory , are the result of that discussion . You volunteered in the spirit of patriotism for an assignment that was vague at the time . Undoubtedly , you 're wondering what the hell you 've got yourselves into . Dr. Stone . Right . Well , obviously some of you have worked together . Certainly everyone here has read each others ' work - at least heard of one another . I 'm Dr. Jeremy Stone , head of the Bloomsburg facility at Johns Hopkins and the chief consultant for , and ... designer of , the Wildfire lab and project . Where is the laboratory ? For security reasons , we cannot disclose its location . We 're not allowed to know where we 'll be working ? No , but I can assure you that , uh , we 'll be in full and constant contact with the outside . Dr. Noyce ? Uh , Dr. Angela Noyce , surgeon , ex-biologist and I specialize in tropical and exotic diseases . Dr. Charlene Barton , pathologist , Formerly with the C.D.C. , now with the San Francisco health department . Major Bill Keene , M.D. , Virologist from the Army medial research institute of infectious diseases , Fort Detrick , Maryland . Uh , Dr. Tsi Chou , microbiologist . So modest . About ten years ago , Dr. Chou was one of the premier designers of biological weapons for the Chinese government . But then I saw the light of Jesus , and now I serve as a consultant on bioterrorism for a wide range of U.S. corporations . Out of the ashes , into the fire . Last night - uh , please . Last night , a Nasa satellite lost orbit and came down in a remote part of southern Utah . When a retrieval team arrived , the satellite had been moved , we believe by civilians , into the nearby town of Piedmont . No signs yet of any life . Except for this joker staring at us from his pickup . We 're rounding the corner- - Whoa , hold on . This town is full of bodies . - It 's like a war zone . - Over here ! Over here ! Help me ! Help me , man . You gotta help me ! Aah ! Aah ! Help ! No ! No ! The team 's chemical sensors detected nothing unusual , so we suspect a biological agent now code-named " Andromeda . " Whatever Andromeda is , it killed those two soldiers so quickly , they didn 't even have time to jump out of their humvee . Two hours later , this infrared recording was made by a pilotless drone flying east to west at an altitude of 500 feet . The , um , bright spots indicating thermal activity are corpses . And , uh , this is another pass immediately afterwards - same parameters . What brought that satellite out of orbit in the first place ? Uh , possibly contact with a meteor or unknown space debris . Uh , there was also one of two new North Korean satellites in the area . What they were doing there , of course , we have no idea . Well , being sinister and inscrutable , no doubt . If their purpose is benign , why keep it a secret ? One could say the same thing about this operation , general . What exactly was Nasa doing with that satellite ? And--and why was an Army retrieval vehicle sent in after it had failed ? Nasa doesn 't have a pot to piss in these days . All flights are multipurpose . We 're going to need to trust each other , doctor . As long as we all act in good faith , I don 't have a problem there . General ? Can we play both recordings simultaneously ? That body by the recovery vehicle has moved between passes . - Again . Overlay . - Yes , sir . Freeze it . Overlay . Switch back . Son of a bitch . Someone 's alive down there . Listen , Bill . Whatever differences we 've had in the past , I hope we can put ' em aside for the duration . I wouldn 't miss this for the world , Jeremy . Somebody has to keep an eye on you . What 's up with you and Mancheck ? Mancheck ? Well , during operation Desert Storm , I wanted to examine certain Iraqi munitions bunkers for possible biological agents , but he blew them up first . Why the big hurry ? Maybe there was something he didn 't want me to find . Oh , yeah , like the Loch Ness monster , or maybe there was proof of Bigfoot . Look , a lot of people wondered how Saddam acquired his bioweapons capability in the first place . Now some people have suggested that certain governments , who were friendly at the time and eager for data on the battlefield use of weaponized biological agents , might have sold Saddam what he wanted - when he was fighting Iran . That 's just a bunch of paranoid left-wing B.S. - It was never proven , Jeremy . - Just because you 're paranoid , Bill , doesn 't mean they ain 't out to get you . Mancheck . A heads-up from our friend at the N.S.A. who 's been running security checks on the Wildfire team . An hour ago they picked up a conversation between Lisa Stone and Jack Nash . How the hell did Jack Nash stumble on this ? He asked about Project Scoop . Jeez . Who 's his source ? We 're working on it . Nash and Stone were an unbelievable pain in the ass over Kuwait . How much does he know about Project Scoop ? Well , as far as we can tell , nothing yet . Don 't do anything about Nash right now , except monitor him closely and identify his source . What 's the escort for ? Paparazzi ? A fail-safe plan to prevent a break in quarantine . The chopper will drop us off and hover at 500 feet until we recall it . It will not land unless they get our signal . Now if we don 't come back , they 're to immediately report back to base for decontamination . And if the pilot fails to respond ? Well , there is a fail-safe for the fail-safe . It 's not too late to reconsider . Oh , this is just starting to get good . Approaching target , sir . We have smoke rising from the town , sir . Whatever Andromeda is , it still hasn 't killed the birds . Best not to take any chances . Captain , drop the chlorazine . Roger that . Hmm , the Audubon society 's not gonna like that . Lieutenant , when ready , lower the team into the center of town and take up your preassigned position . Roger that . What are the ultimate environmental consequences of mining these deep-sea thermal vents ? We don 't know , but one thing we know for sure is that Enburtel , one of president Scott 's largest corporate campaign contributors , will make a fortune from it . And once again , the president and his corporate masters ... Hey , gorgeous . ... are ignoring science , defying international treaties - and acting unilaterally . - Charlie H. , long time , no see . - Sorry , Charlie , he just barged in . - That 's all right . Just call security . Whoa , Charles , I 'm not feeling the love here . You 're in rehab . That was our deal . 30 days , then you might get your job back . I 'm clean . I 'm sober . Look at me , I 'm even tan , and I am - - I 've got a lead on something - - 30 days rehab . - That was the deal . - Yeah , yeah , yeah . Come on , Charlie . You 're too good a producer to let your personal feelings - get in the way of a great story . - How great ? Last night , Nasa satellite crashes in southern Utah . This is news ? We call that gravity . Nasa claims it was a weather satellite . I know that 's a lie . And why was an Army retrieval team sent to pick up said Nasa bird , and why was that team from the department of bio-defense ? If this is another one of your paranoid fantasies , - I swear to- - - The whole unit died horribly . Wait a minute . Wait . Wait . Did ... you know this for a fact ? - I saw the visuals myself . - You got tape ? I can get tape . Right . Meanwhile , a couple of hours later , one of our leading epidemiologists is picked up by the Army and whisked away . And ? And the Army general in charge is Mancheck . - Mancheck . See ? - I knew it . I knew it . You-You just won 't let that go , will you ? I mean , you 're like frickin ' Ahab - and the white whale with that guy . I swear to god , this just fell in my lap . All I need is a week to run this down and a crew . A week and a crew - that 's all I 'm asking for . Three days , then you get your ass back in Betty Ford , or wherever you were . - This man loves me . - Don 't kid yourself . Loves me ! External symptoms - pronounced swelling of all surface veins and capillaries , jaundice-like yellowing of his eyes . A few of them are clutching their chests . This could be coronary . Not coronary . Look at his face . Asphyxiation , maybe . No , if a person can 't breathe , they try to loosen the clothing around their neck and chest . Look at that guy over there . He has his shirt buttoned all the way to the top . This isn 't asphyxiation or heart attack . Well , the survivor we saw was over near the retrieval vehicle . Dr. Noyce . Take a look . Look at the way he fell and broke his nose on the steering wheel . There 's no blood . A wound like that should bleed profusely . Not one of the corpses we 've seen , including the bird food back there , were bleeders . - What is it ? - I thought I heard something . Don 't get sketchy on us , doc . We have a survivor on tape , remember ? Major , there 's a G.P.S. tracking device in the shotgun seat . It should still be locked in on the satellite . Sorry , boy , I gotta get in there . Bill , have a little respect . How about we do our job and get out of here ? Yeah , it 's working . Looks like we 're close . Pull over here . There it is . Unbelievable . They opened it . Angela , can you check his lividity ? Okay . Give me a hand , Bill . One , two , three . Easy , easy . Dead for hours - Distended arteries , no bruising . Look at an artery , would you ? Check his radial . Clotted solid . What does that ? Is there a problem , officer ? License and registration , please . Nice bike . It 's a 1951 FL Panhead . I did the restoration myself . - Beautiful . - Tank shift , foot clutch - You don 't see those anymore . You are Jonathan Scott ? Yes , sir . I-I just gave it new tires . - Are you ready ? - Yes . - Is your husband watching ? - Yes . - And the family ? - I hope so . Would you like to say hello to them out there ? Um ... I 've seen enough . We should nuke this place and be done with it . You 're not serious . Under the Wildfire protocols , directive 7-12 , a limited nuclear strike is a contingency . - I agree with Bill . - Ditto . Why mess around ? Because it 's premature until we know what we 're dealing with . You 're all forgetting that we have a survivor on tape . Yeah , nine hours ago . Maybe they 're dead now having drowned themselves or burned themselves or cut their own freakin ' heads off . Hi . You 're okay . Shh . Shh . It 's okay . Hi . She must be hungry . There 's some baby formula here . No , no . Don 't-don 't - Don 't feed her . Don 't-don 't do anything until we get her out of here . Maybe feeding 's part of the disease process , or there was something protective in her diet . We can 't take the chance . We have to get her into a lab right away . It 's too bad she can 't tell us what happened . Maybe she can . You leave that baby here ! You got-got no right to - Ow ! You all right ? Don 't-don 't touch me . Just worried about your suit . Let 's l-stat him and get out of here . We 're coming into the lab with two survivors - an adult male and an infant female . I will recommend to the president that he order a limited nuclear strike . Negative . Negative . We need to figure out what the hell we 're dealing with first . I disagree . What we 're dealing with induces death , suicide or homicidal behavior within minutes . You have as much time as the president gives you , and that 's it . What about our survivors ? They 'll be taken along with the satellite into the lab through a separate entrance . Dr. Chou and Dr. Barton will be waiting for us . We have no choice now , Chuck . This thing is scary . Our safest option is the nuke the site , and only the president can authorize a nuclear . You promised us there would be no problems with Project Scoop . You know as well I as I do there are no guarantees on something like this , so calm down and let me handle it . Pretty impressive security measures here . Better than they look . Killer pine trees ? We 've been under continuous observation by satellite and ground sensors since the moment the helicopter dropped us off . There 's at least one armed predator overhead at all times . If we were a menace , we 'd be dead by now . Dr. Stone , long time , no see . Same to you , George . How 's your daughter ? 13 going on 35 . Hello , Dr. Stone . Access approved . Grouped around a central utility core , at the bottom of which is our power source . A small water-cooled nuclear reactor . And the pool hours are ... hey , at 5,000 to 8,000 rem , even a small exposure would result in disorientation or coma within minutes , but , hey , knock yourself out . Now the top two levels are for service and maintenance crew . They live on-site in 3-month rotational cycles under the highest levels of security clearance . The bottom three levels are the actual heart of the facility - the laboratory itself and culture equipment . Decontamination and containment are second to none . It 's safe to remove your helmets . Oral antibiotics to kill off any flora that we might be carrying internally . Now decontaminating the body externally is a bit more dramatic . You 're gonna have follow directions closely . Taking a shortcut could prove to be fatal . Once you 're ready , you 'll establish your identity using a retinal scan . That was some spa . We do have our amenities . Now we each have our own private sleeping quarters , though we might not see much of them . The dining area and gymnasium , which never close . Now the badges you 're wearing provide voice-controlled access to the computer system and the lab equipment . They also monitor any radiation or possible contamination you might face and provide inter-lab communication and recording . You need to wear them at all times . As painstaking as the entrance is , I promise you , it 's much harder to get out . Each level is self-sealing , and egress is only through authorization from the level above . Communication with the outside is via secure fiber-optic phone lines and high-speed LAN . We can contact our families ? Yes , but communication is only one-way . Any personal urgent calls coming into the faculty are rerouted directly through the comm center . Of course , your privacy will be respected , but the priority here must remain the security . There should be no discussion whatsoever - about what we 're working on . - What happens in the event of an accidental contamination ? Hatch and seal , like a submarine . In the event of an overwhelming breach , the lab is built atop a nuclear device . I 've just armed that system . Once it 's activated , there 's a 15-minute countdown to detonation . You gotta be shittin ' me . I 'm sure the chances of an accident in such a beautifully designed facility are too small to be significant , but if there should be a mistake ... there is a fail-safe plan . Dr. Keene is our odd man . - Please insert your card . - Odd man ? Place your thumb upon the panel . To abort the self-destruct sequence , Bill I.D.s himself via thumbprint and his card . There 's a panel like this on every level . - Why Bill ? The army ran an extensive battery of tests , and determined that unmarried males were more likely to make the right choice during a crisis . In our particular case , the right decision is to not prematurely abort the self-destruction sequence . So you were looking for the man most likely to kill himself and us . Cool . I feel so reassured . The omission was not deliberate , sir . This is one of those programs that was initiated years ago by a previous administration . It 's just one of a number of platforms we have exploring the singularity . Oh , and now , as a consequence , you want me to drop a nuclear bomb on Utah ? That would be general Mancheck 's recommendation , sir . It 's a limited low-yield tactical device , Mr. President less than a kiloton . - Oh , is that all ? We have ongoing test ban treaty negotiations with the Russians and the Chinese . We 're still trying to get North Korea and Iran to abort their nuclear programs . How am I gonna explain this to them ? Additionally , Mr. President , not to be crass ... that 's your job , Pat . Weigh right in . Nuke Utah for whatever reason , and you can kiss your reelection good-bye . What does Dr. Stone recommend ? The Wildfire team is divided over the issue . That wasn 't my question . Dr. Stone would prefer more time to examine Andromeda . I should add , Mr. President , that while no one is sure of the origin of this infection , we do know that a North Korean satellite was in in the area just prior to our bird going down . What , you 're saying this was an aggression , Chuck ? Why would the Koreans do that ? The Pyongyang regime has always been a loose cannon , sir . I 'm not prepared to go to war on a hunch and some half-baked intelligence . If I authorize it , how quickly can you call that strike on Piedmont , general ? Let 's give Dr. Stone some time to do his work . You lied to me about that satellite . " Need to know , " Ed . If you ever lie to me again , Chuck , and homeland security might just stumble over on of your little " off the book " ops . Why did you push the Korean scenario ? You said yourself it was a possibility . But unlikely . You know something I don 't , Chuck ? Just do your job , general . Let me do mine . Yes , sir . I - I just gave it new tires ... - Henderson . - Charlie ? Nash here . I got a tip from my army source . Units of the Salt Lake city national guard are suddenly being deployed for a " training exercise related to immigration and border security . " Odd thing is , according to my source , the order originated directly from the office of Chuck Beeter . The director of the N.S.A. doesn 't have the authority to call out the national guard . Fancy that . Oh , also , something 's happened to my original source on Scoop . He left me some weird message that cut out abruptly . If I-if I text you his particulars , can you pull the phone records , - tell me where the call came from ? - Sure . I 'll see what I can do . And you check in with me regular , Nash , and watch yourself . We 're obviously dealing with some kind of infectious agent , whether it 's viral , fungal , bacteriological , parasitic or prion , we just don 't know . To complicate things , the latest weather report indicates a possible Santa Anna weather condition developing within the next 48 hours . Those winds could conceivably sweep the contagion towards Southern California . Charlie Henderson from NNT called about the Utah guard rollout and the rumors that it originated out of Beeter 's office . Unbelievable . This place leaks like a sieve . It 's sooner than we might like , but not entirely unexpected . In any case , I think we can stall Henderson . Maybe this would be a good opportunity to offer NNT an exclusive about your reelection campaign . You know , kill two birds with one stone . Henderson is not the real problem . He can be leveraged , but Nash - Nash is different . Nash is a bulldog . Have you located his sources yet ? He 's gone to ground , but we 're closing in . The problem is , if Nash gets in contact with Stone , there 's gonna be no way to keep Project Scoop out of the press . Can 't we just impose a gag order on the Wildfire team ? That ain 't gonna be pretty . Of course , sometimes these communication systems suffer from mechanical failure . I say we go nuclear and sterilize the whole area . Fortunately , you 're not in charge . The final call , please correct me if I 'm wrong , is the president 's . Dr. Stone , please contact the communications officer . Dr. Noyce is right . Our job is to employ the best science we can so the president has the information he needs to make a decision . Now why don 't you all get started on the satellite ? I 'll be in in a minute . Call for Dr. Stone . We 're having a problem with the communication system . Now we 're okay within the lab , but I can 't raise the outside at all . Computer , phones - nada . Okay . So we 'll be entering the capsule through the compartment door , which was originally removed by Piedmont 's late fire chief . I think it 's safe to conclude that Andromeda was originally inside the capsule , otherwise the citizens who recovered it would never have made it back to town alive . What did Mancheck say the satellite was doing ? He didn 't say . Apparently , we 're experiencing some kind of technical glitch within our communication system . Glitch ? I don 't like glitch . All external computer and communication lines are down , but I 've been assured that they 're gonna have them up and running as soon as possible . - Please , Dr. Chou , continue . - Uh , well , this is not a new satellite . I would say it 's at least two to three generations old . And from what I can tell from the exterior , it wasn 't designed for communications , navigations or surveillance . In fact , what it appears to be is a biocontainment vessel . Son of a bitch . Well , it 's very damn odd . It means that it was designed to capture and retain biological materials . Which means two things - And the second thing ? Mancheck is lying . So it was what ? Randomly collecting bio samples in space ? - What are the chances of that ? - Slim to none . Let 's pop it open . Wait . Go back . Stop it . Zoom in . Could that material be Andromeda ? That 's still to be determined . If that 's what knocked the satellite down , it must have been moving at a tremendous rate of speed or be incredibly heavy . How could that be ? It didn 't do that much damage to the satellite . Maybe it has elastic qualities we don 't know about . For now , let 's assume this is Andromeda . Bill and Charlene , you check the pathology of this thing . See if you can figure out how it kills . Dr. Noyce , you examine our survivors . Find out what kept them alive . Dr. Chou , you and I will test the black substance in Andromeda for what conditions each likes and dislikes . See if we can 't I.D. their nature and their structure . So , sergeant George , you and the men of Bravo company have no idea then what this sudden call-up is about . No , sir . They pretty much tell us to show up and we find out what the deal is when we get there . Meanwhile , the pentagon insists this sudden alert of the Utah national guard is nothing more than a routine training exercise . No further details are forthcoming , including when this deployment will be over . When have we heard that before ? Computer , patient number one , according to documents found on him , is Kyle Tobler - male , 60 years old , Undernourished , possibly anemic . Computer , has he responded since arrival ? Basolyte test results ? Kyle Tobler is a G.I. Bleeder . I want two units of whole blood , plus plasma , And vitamin K for him and a complete blood workup on both patients . You 're gonna be okay , sweetie . I promise . Hey , Charlie . What 's up ? I 've got some bad news about your friend . He 's dead . I 'll text you the details in a moment . I 'm sorry . Time - ten seconds . Damn , this thing is lethal . And airborne , if there was any doubt . Let 's check it . Most John Does we get don 't drive a Harley Panhead . Lucky for him you remember that . Yeah . Lucky for him . This your friend ? I don 't know if you know anybody in the family or anything , But , uh , if his bike 's available now , you know , I 'd love to buy it . No harm in asking ' , right ? Removing contaminated air . Dead animals are not infectious . That 's an extremely unusual adaptation if that 's what that is . Well , we know Andromeda coagulates the blood , but how does it enter the body - through the lungs or the skin ? We can radioactively tag some blood proteins and scan the animals on their initial exposures . Let 's start with a rhesus . So you think Mancheck deliberately isolated us ? Let 's just say I wouldn 't put it past him . Have you told the others ? I don 't want them distracted . There 's so little time as it is . Why tell me ? I guess because I needed somebody to talk to , somebody I trust . Mmm . Are you making any progress ? Yes , the infant 's blood work is normal , and Tobler 's anemic , and his PH is very acidic . I don 't know why . Why don 't you go ask him ? - George , this is Dr. Stone . - Yes , sir , what can I do for you ? We 're having some kind of communications problem down here and I need your help . Do you got a cell phone that works ? Yeah , my wife got me this new Blackberry . Jack , it 's Jeremy Stone . I need to talk to you . It 's urgent . I 'll try to call back in one hour . Damn it ! Aah ! Who the hell are you ? Where am I ? I 'm Dr. Noyce . You were bleeding very badly internally , and we had to give you a transfusion . What happened in Piedmont ? There was an outbreak of disease . That 's why we brought you here . Am I contagious ? We don 't think so , but we don 't want to take any chances . Initiating the scintillometer and exposing the subject . Definitely inspired by the lungs , Andromeda then crosses into the bloodstream and begins coagulation . But is that how it actually kills ? Could it be a single cerebral clot ? Maybe an anticoagulant could stop this thing ? Let 's repeat with something like Heparin . Okay . I want to get these tissues samples out to the lab first . Computer , sample and stain with HE and P.A.s. I also would like sections of the nerve tissue stained with both nissl and cajal gold preparations . The black material is artificial . What do you mean ? A construct ? Yeah , at first it appears to have a complex lattice-like microstructure of carbon fibers . Further analysis reveals a structure of buckyballs . Well , that would explain how the contact drove the satellite out of orbit without damaging it , but isn 't this kind of application still theoretical ? Yeah . This is nanotechnology light-years ahead of anything anyone is doing right now . What about the other material ? Did you see that ? That must be our infectious agent . Computer , replay . That 's Andromeda . Did anybody else make it ? Just you and the baby . That 's Sylvie . It 's the Ritter kid . Not used to her being so quiet . She 's one little yeller . Cries to beat the band . Nobody else made it ? No , I 'm afraid not . This-this place is giving me the creeps . I want-I want to get out of here . You 're not well enough to go anywhere . I know my rights ! I - I-I 'm no damn terrorist . You 're in quarantine . Well-well , give me a cigarette then . Sorry , no smoking . Oh , yeah , I 've heard that bullshit before - No smokin ' , no drinkin ' , no Mexican food . What 's the point of livin ' like that ? It 's damn boring . You 've been hospitalized before for the bleeding ? Hell , yeah . Spittin ' up blood like old faithful . Tell me I got an ulcer the size of a grapefruit . Did they give you any medication , Kyle ? They did , but I didn 't much like the taste of it . So you went untreated . What about the pain ? Uh , Aspirin works just fine , About a bottle a day towards the end there , plus a little squeeze . " Squeeze " ? The pink lady , Red eye . You know , sterno . Sterno , that 's got methanol in it . - Is that bad ? - It can blind you or kill you . Well , it didn 't kill me . They all died , but I didn 't . Kyle . Kyle , what happened in Piedmont ? What happened to you and the others that night ? I don 't want to talk about it . It 's very important . Lots of lives depend on what you might know . Look , I don 't know ! I don 't want to talk about it . Kyle , what did you see that night ? It was Jeff Megan and Suzie Travers . They found the damn thing . They 're just kids , really . They-they brought it to the fire station , to the chief Hank Benedict , 'cause I hear he 's an engineer and knows lots of stuff . The only reason I know is ' cause I was playin ' poker at the fire station - Me , Hank aand Al Ritter who runs the gas station , Herbie Block and Annie Dillon . You think it 's from outer space ? It fell from the sky , Annie . You know what I mean . Is it alien ? Yeah , that 's why it says U.S.A. on the side . You think aliens can 't spell ? Probably just a weather satellite . Yeah , that 's what they want you to think . Have you ever heard of area 51 ? You don 't think that there aren 't all these secret government things that goes on that none of us know about ? - What do you think , Hank ? - It 's a satellite - weather or communications or something . I 'll make a few calls , and let you know what I find out . About a half-hour later , I 'm gettin ' a soda from Al 's gas station because the squeeze makes you kind of thirsty . So you 'd been drinking that day ? How did you feel ? A - A-A little dizzy , my-my breath was kind of short on me . My head ! Aah ! My head ! Al ? Hang on ! Hang on , buddy ! Hey , Annie . What 's going on ? What 's wrong with these people ? You got to burn ' em out . Don 't you see ? It 's the only way . Annie , well , what ... ? Annie ! What- - ? Hey , Annie ! Annie ! And then everything 's quiet . Then it 's like the whole world is dead . And that 's when I saw the general , Scott Arnold , a vet , steady as a rock . You know what 's happening , Kyle . They 've gotten under the wire . They 're inside the compound . - I don 't think that 's it , general . - Got to face facts , soldier . You tell ' em back home I did my best , okay ? I thought I 'd gone crazy , Hallucinatin ' , too much pink lady maybe . Hey ! Hey ! Hey , over here ! It 's me ! I 'm here . Help me , man ! Help me , man ! You got to help me ! No , no , no ! Help , help , No , no , no , no ! Poor bastard . So Tobler was acidotic because of the methanol he was drinking . It breaks down and becomes formaldehyde and formic acid . Plus he was taking a bottle of aspirin a day . That affected his breathing ? He had to breath rapidly to blow off the carbon dioxide and decrease the carbonic acid in his body . Well , maybe there 's a way to attack Andromeda in there . No , the baby 's PH is normal . There 's nothing unusual about her except her colic . Charlene ? Here 's what we know so far . Andromeda is approximately 1 micron , the size of a single cell . It 's transmitted by air . Dead organisms are not infectious . Andromeda is inspired by its victim . It crosses into the bloodstream where it initiates coagulation . Death occurs within seconds . Now we tested anticoagulants , but they don 't affect its process . So it cannot transmit from a corpse ? Yeah , strange , isn 't it ? Andromeda kills men , kills all mammals as far as we know and then dies within the organism . It shows no signs of having adapted to mankind . You know , maybe this is just what it seems - an alien life-form , the first mankind has ever encountered . So it 's not cuddly like E.T. , but there it is . Deal with it . Who says it 's natural ? It could be engineered . Especially given what Tsi discovered when he was looking at the black material alongside Andromeda . Yeah , it 's an extremely advanced form of nanotechnology called Buckyballs , named after the inventor Buckminster Fuller . The molecule is form of carbon 60 , octahedral in shape , with 60 atoms forming the shape of a ball . So if this black material was a manufactured shell containing Andromeda , then what you 're describing is some kind of a biological bomb . - Whoa ! - Why not ? It would be arrogant to think that human beings are the only creatures sophisticated enough to use bacterial warfare . Why would you assume alien origin at all ? Mancheck said there was a North Korean satellite in the area . If anyone was gonna attack the United States , why go through all the trouble of sending a contagion into space and hoping that Nasa will pick it up ? Why not simply bring it in on a shipping container like one of the thousands that come in every day un-inspected because homeland security just doesn 't have enough resources to do the job ? And for that matter , why use such an exotic bug when plague , typhus or smallpox would be just fine ? Well , you 'd be the expert on that . Whoa ! Easy , Keene . Mancheck is a liar , and you are a racist fool ! Yeah ? How many died in that outbreak in Shanghal ? That 's enough , both of you . It 's growing ? That 's right . Now the first time it displayed that behavior it was unprovoked . So is what we just saw some kind of nonspecific growth response Or a sentient reaction to injury ? Maybe it just doesn 't like being poked ? I think we need to focus more on structure , what is Andromeda made of . Bill , you and Charlene , do an amino acid workup while Tsi does a spectro-analysis . I 'd like to continue my exploration of the black material . That is , unless you think I 'm a security risk , Bill ? I trust you , Tsi . Why wouldn 't I ? I know there 's a link between Kyle Tobler and Sylvie Ritter . I want to continue to pursue that . Let 's get started . I appreciate the lift , man . Car just up and died on me . No problem , man . It 's important to see your family when they ship out . You never know , know what I mean ? What happened in Shanghal ? It was a different time back then . The international treaties on biowarfare were toothless . Every country , including yours , was experimenting . We were field testing a weaponized version of hemorrhagic smallpox at an outdoor laboratory . It proved much , uh , hardier than we expected . A young girl in a fishing boat 9 miles offshore caught the disease , brought it back to the city . It killed 107 people , 30 of them children , before we could contain it . There were people in both our governments who were prepared to unleash unimaginable horrors . I like to think that in the end reason prevailed , but maybe we were just very , very lucky . Jeremy ! Jeremy ! You 're not gonna believe this . Andromeda doesn 't have D.N.A. - What is it , some kind of prion ? - No proteins , not even any amino acids . Charlene was right . There has never been anything like Andromeda anywhere on the earth . This is terra incognita . This is alien . Hey , that 's good eatin ' . - Appreciate the food , Mr. Nash . - My pleasure , sergeant . Didn 't know they were embedding journalists on this operation . Pretty much standard operating procedure these days . Just bringing ' the war on terror home . - Nash . - Jeremy Stone . Jeremy Stone-I 've been trying to reach you , man . Where the hell are you ? You sound like you 're at the bottom of a well . You can say that . Listen , why is the guard deploying in southern Utah ? They 're calling it an exercise , but the orders originated with the N.S.A. possibly because some kind of secret satellite code-named Project Scoop came down in the desert . - What is Project Scoop ? - No idea , but it 's army . This is being run by our old friend general Mancheck . Let me tell you , when that sucker came down , it killed a lot of people . I mean , no one 's saying infectious outbreak , but- - And - and how do you know that ? I can 't give details , but it cost my source his life . And it wasn 't any virus killed him either , unless microbes routinely pack.9 millimeter slugs . These guys are not messing around , Jeremy . Now I 'm being followed . At least , I was . Are those guard units carrying any biohazard here with them ? I don 't know , but I can check . All right . Well , pay close attention to their equipment . - I got to go , Jack . - Wait , wait , wait . I showed you mine . You show me yours . It 's a biological infection called Andromeda . That 's all I can say for now . When I know more , I 'll call you first . I promise . Look , in the meantime , see what else you can find out about Project Scoop , and I 'll call you back in three hours . Listen , Jack , be careful , and I 'm not just talking about the army and whoever else is following you . Andromeda . It 's lethal , beyond comprehension . Tuesday , Marti , pot roast . It 's just coffee , Sally . You all right , Marti ? You look kind of green around the gills . Flu or somethin ' , my head 's killin ' me . - You have any aspirin ? - Yeah , sure . They 're all out to get me . Marti , you 're hurting me . Please , Marti , please . General , there has been an incident 40 miles south of Piedmont . A Utah sheriff named Willis has shot three people and killed himself . Here 's the raw network feed . And here 's the security camera . Please , Marti , please , Please . - If it 's Andromeda ... - It is . I don 't know how Willis escaped quarantine . Willis could have passed through Piedmont the night of the infection before the quarantine went up . Have you isolated these bodies and whoever worked the crime scene ? Already done , general . Mancheck . I have a message from Dr. Stone regarding Project Scoop . Unless communication is restored fully to the lab , Jack Nash will go public with all the details Live on NNT . You have ten minutes to comply . What happened ? Stone knows about Project Scoop . Put Wildfire back online . Get me Stone . Yes , general . Come on . You deliberately isolated us . And you lied about the purpose for the satellite , general . We had a technical problem , and the problem got solved . Now we want the full facts on Project Scoop and everything associated with it , or I swear to God every press agency from " the New York times " to some podunk podcaster in Nebraska will get this story . Nasa astronomers discovered a singularity - in our solar system . - A singularity ? A theoretical distortion in the space / time ... continuum . No longer theoretical - there was a sudden and inexplicable appearance of a tiny source emitting extremely powerful bursts of light and energy - In short , a wormhole . Now we 're still in the process of analyzing that data , but physicists have theorized since 1935 that traversable wormholes could function as portals between distant parts of the galaxy . Project Scoop was one of several attempts to explore this phenomenon , and in this case , to collect samples of living organisms . Now we 're not sure exactly what happened , but on approach , the satellite became erratic and came down . Shortly thereafter , the wormhole , or ... whatever the hell it was , closed . Well , why in God 's name did you withhold this ? We have wasted valuable time , time we don 't have , flailing about in the dark . Can you imagine the panic news of an event like this would have caused ? It was strictly need-to-know . Need to cover your ass . Now why would the army 's bio-defense be covertly collecting samples ? Maybe shopping for lethal material that wouldn 't be covered by any existing or future biowarfare agreements ? What we did , whatever you think of our motives , the problem facing us right now is Andromeda , and it 's getting worse by the minute . What do you mean ? Well , the president , largely on your recommendation , opted for quarantining the area instead of calling in a limited nuclear strike , and now we 've already had a breach . I just got word of an event outside the quarantine zone that sounds like Andromeda . Now I 've got that area locked up tight , but I need to know , what have you got to fight this ? Nothing at this point , not a single thing . Andromeda is completely unlike anything we have ever seen . It would appear to be alien in its source except ... except for the material found along with it , which we think might be a casing or a delivery system . It 's built from materials common to earth but utilizes a nanotechnology that so far is only theoretical . So what are you saying then ? Is Andromeda of this world , or is it alien ? We can 't say , either way , but it 's extremely unlikely that Andromeda is the creation of any kind of terrestrial power . Whatever the source , general , we need to nuke Piedmont right now . I have to say , I agree with Bill . I think it 's still too risky . Well , what the hell else can we do ? Wildfire has effectively ruled out Andromeda as originating with any known enemy - foreign or domestic . Are we under attack or not ? Absolutely , but from whom or what , we can 't say with certainty . What , you 're saying this is an alien attack , Chuck ? Yes , sir . Wherever Andromeda comes from , it dies in Piedmont , understand ? We 're ready when you are , Mr. President . Are the guardsmen on the ground going to be safe ? We 'll pull back all forward observation posts 5 miles . None of our men will be in harm 's way , Mr. President . Very well . Do it . 5 miles from the target , I want you to let loose and climb like hell . Theoretically you should be able to avoid the aftershock , But no one 's actually dropped one of these things since Nagasaki . Blair . You may authorize the launch when ready . Yes , sir . - It 's a go . - Sir . What exactly are we lookin ' for ? Trespassers , little green men , who knows . Tear it down , fellas . They 're pullin ' us back . - You got to be kidding me . - You heard me . Let 's go . What is that ? Some kind of eagle , sir . It 's got somethin ' in its claws . What is that thing ? Whoa , whoa , you can 't shoot an eagle , sergeant . It 's a rat . He 's bombing us with a rat . No , way . - Oh , my head ! - You all right ? - What 's up , man ? - Oh , it hurts . He 's dead . This isn 't happening . Oh , man , this isn 't happening . It 's the end of days , the mark of the beast . Cut that out right now . The seals are broken ! Hell in a handbasket , it 's where we 're goin ' ! Put your gun down ! If Mancheck hadn 't kept us in the dark- - We just ran out of time . There are just some things that don 't add up . Chou 's casing theory doesn 't--doesn 't feel right . Something 's missing , but I- - I just can 't put my finger on it . # Come home , baby # Afternoon , private Carson . Jack Nash , NNT . Great job you fellas are doin ' . Can I help you ? Those , uh , Stryker carriers of yours are really something . Are those chemical / biological units ? Yes , sir , pretty much top-of-the-line . Now what 's that bio trace m3 sampler ? Uh , it 's used to collect biological samples . We don 't normally travel with this kind of , uh , equipment . Why do you suppose they need something like that for ? Uh , why are you here ? You 're approaching a restricted area ! Stop your vehicle immediately ! It 's a suicide bomber ! Open fire ! Charlie , I 'm at- - I 'm at desert H.Q. For the guard . Some kind of suicide bomber just attacked . I just sent photos . Also I just found - General Michaelson , you ever heard of freedom of the Take Mr. Nash to the stockade . - I 'm a civilian , general . - He was illegally on my base , Which has just come under terrorist attack . Care to go on the record about that , general ? Northcom , this is Alpha One . I will enter the release zone in 30 seconds . Roger , Alpha One . Arm missile . Roger that . Arming missile . Missile is armed and ready to go . These are the results of our growth matrix program on Andromeda . The particular growth medium doesn 't seem to be a factor . But atmosphere and light are crucial . Darkness and infrared inhibit growth , likewise for oxygen . Nitrogen is a wash . Ultraviolet light stimulates , so does carbon dioxide . So Andromeda thrives best in an atmosphere of 100 % carbon dioxide lit by ultraviolet light . Looks to me almost like a pure conversion system . Computer , post all results for all closed growth systems . You 're right . No excretions , no waste , amazing . What effect does radiation have ? Computer , check all irradiated samples . My god , it eats it up . Nuking Andromeda is not gonna kill it . It 'll make it grow exponentially . Give me general Mancheck . This is a code red emergency . Entering release zone . Dewitt . Urgent message from Stone . Get the president to shut down that launch . Mr. President , message from Wildfire . We have to abort . Hold fire . 30 seconds to target . Mr. President . Dr. Stone , what do you mean , abort ? Andromeda eats radiation . If you nuke it , you won 't kill it . You will grow it . Northcom . General Blair , this is president Scott . I am ordering you to abort the mission immediately . Stand down , Alpha One . Do not launch . I say again , cancel sequence and return to base . Roger that , northcom . This is Alpha One . I am shutting down the launch sequence . Confirming . Missile is disarmed . Oh , thank goodness . Wow , that was close . Northcom , I am having some kind of mechanical problem here . Northcom , this aircraft is not responding . Northcom , please come in . I cannot control this craft . Oh , my- - there went the visor . Northcom , my visor is disintegrating . The - I can 't-I can 't breathe . I can 't breathe . I can 't get air . I - I 'm losing control here , sir . I cannot get any air . I need- - Northcom , please come - The missile is rearmed ! It 's disintegrating ! Its almost falling apart ! I have to bail out ! extracted by LeapinLar , edited by rogard with additions by nycera . Thanks .
