 * * * ( The Incredible Hulk ) * * * # Danger # " Explosion Rocks Campus " " Mysterious Incidents at Culver University Laboratoory " " Monster Sighting " # shipment uncovered on site # # Subject evaded capture , laboratory # # Green sasquatch [ ? ] # # REQUISITION REQUEST : US ARMY S ? INDUSTRIES # # Manhunt Continues # Ruth ) what to do ? ) Does stopped jogging ? # not seen for five months # ( Brazil ) DAYS WITHOUT INCIDENT : 158 - Subtitles Translated by Kaizer - Is it ready ? # COMPACT PORTUGUESE ENGLISH DICTIONARY # Eddie ! It was a great punch ! We will work to prolong the South West Here , emotion for emotion , go through here Use your diaphragm , The best way to control your anger Control your pulse Breathe Breathe You Come Here I made her work for a short period ... . but you need Change this piece with another new - Need for a new factory - - Five months you 've been helping me You 're too smart for day labor Let me included among the list of monthly salary No No was closed this Closed Warning Closed this Well Prepared operation # issued to the United States # mandate el-Hilweh which is trying to pass Where are you going ? Helwan what you ? ( Martina ) not want to eat with me ? Strangest of us my strange not reluctant to go ? security problems there ? - no problems - - has been delayed I leave Not raise hungry - Why ? - - ( No Farooq ( hungry - ( hunger ) - - erred in utter hungry instead of anger You trip succeeded in obtaining bloomed ? - Here is the order - - as a reminder of my departure - - Encryption - ... .. situation - - Blue ) are you there ? ) Lakhdar It 's good to hear you again my friend mysterious and her grandmother - - after all this it pretty small flower is not it sure to experience a high dosage fortunate successful : ) Shit another failure - what amount that was used ? - : - ( all - If come to our promise - - not safer - live with poisoned-ray security palm chasing flowers - Send me a sample of blood I can not help you unless Let us help to Mr. ( Blue ) New York - the United States Mr. Green This is everything - - ( Arlington ) ( Virginia ) here is an interesting thing and news presentation Ghraib Mlaugi ) drinking a bottle of water gas ) diabloman I think it may lead us to what we looking for Where mobilized ? - ( in ( Port-de-capita ( b ) Brazil - - request of the security men from the intelligence white man works mobilization of carbonated drinks find that expertise when it clashed with him and not only we lost ( Port Johnson ) I think it is good to note both the quality and strength into one entity Emile Blunsky ) was born in Russia and grew in England ) and coming to us from Navy know that these men efficient for the task - just want to help - - only Put goals This is the goal and location we want the family reference green means progress and red means the need for support when referring started fighting Is this the end ? - goal fugitive from the government - - theft of secret military equipment and the by the killing of two military officers Scholars Canadian and hundreds of others wounded if obstacles and Eid good news blood testing first showing a marked decrease X Are heal ? - ... .. order - - want more data - us so - - level of supply - focused rays - satiate cells - - impossible data is not here - where is it ? - - homeland Alert ! To begin there is only a dog for eye Stormed Had moved the goal What happens ? Who are you ? Where is it ? On the ground floor Thank You Launched Launched tracking this thing You have wasted Sense behind goal is moving towards unity 090 not - What you strange ? - - Where is it ? - goal there - - where he went ? to your right to go Give me this - not - - prepared me this does not seem harsh now ? Movement ridiculous Try Again stop please angered when ... I would be extremely bad not be too bad ? I be in bad most of it takes something you do not what happened here for ... Extremely bad seems that it is there is another person disappeared - goal that left him no escape - - Movement Movement killings ... Fling dead Let alone Withdraw now the most different thing my What we have reports ? Is this his girlfriend ? may be assisted - - no longer well as after - - expelled from her life long ago now is unencumbered and does not speak with anyone sorry sir no unit never and not individually and we have had and something wild giant back and beat us Trundle was like Softball that monster stronger than anything I saw him never and had fled - When I know where ( Ben ) will arrest of the - - step men were beheaded - ( that he ( bin - - ... It ( CANNES ( Ben must explain to me explain to me - will not do - - but have performed a remarkable job midnight will come back home on board the plane days after the end of a transformation Please Can you help me ? - does not speak Portuguese - - where I am ? - ( in ( Gwantmala - - I am going to town next Hla helped me please ? - Introduced - - Prefer wore this Where are you going ? home embarrassing position and function failed Wright-bodied men are killed because no one tells us face You Tell next time is not it ? This is the task ? but this new kind of strange I think that the disqualification The decision was taken and with profound respect ... . Look for another team because if this thing back again you 'll need for professional Shaddad not urinate in their pants sir ( chips ) ( Mexico ) Let me explain that the weapons that have come to sensitive to me personally and for the army you know about the development of infantry during the Second World War created sub-programme reforms to the Biological Weapons soldier extraordinary ? yes but not for streamlining Yes to work seriously together and the army to make you better be better work ( Ben ) earned reputation early age were not just an ordinary weapon was working to resist radiation he was on radiation and ignored Albrockulat but it was sure to do the same and tested and something happens wrong or on the contrary consider his ownership of the American army said he was working on weapons controlled ? - not - - You said that he tried something else one thing we recovered - that if one of us - - that the world is no longer one of us Blunsky ) How you ? Forty-five ? ) - thirty-nine - - spent the long term ? - order - - what you lieutenant ? Was supposed to become a colonel Deek scored sanctions ? Unfortunately try and survive as best I can is something you can measure bearing my body to go back 10 years I want to add to the achievements of the issues I can arrange something like this ( University ( Silver 17 days without transformation biology labs Dr. ( Elizabeth Ruth ) - reviving cells pizza ( Stanley ) Air Conditioner Thank you Park Stanley ) I promise you that anything heard about me is not true ) - I know always know that - - You do not know what my reputation Your uncle also talked to you ? - No it did not know I am here - - Does any one concerned ? - I think that doctor but frankly a good person good This is good Bruce ) what can I sponsor him to help you ? ) residence here for a little s - - there for free a fourth-floor room - ... . very cool but there is nothing - - Ezra I guess Hello my friend to deliver applications for the fifth floor - - I do not think that one asked anything from there - O men - - must get the money and not to try to expel Why sees here with one additional home title It you for the Lord bless you my brother ( Dr. ( Elizabeth Ruth ( contact Mr. ( Blue no match Sayed green How 's your research ? data Hzvt below I can not help you what now ? must continue to work sorry ! Had just closed what you ( Stan ) it was Friday night children do not have anything now Please we die of hunger - want dinner first - - ( Stan ) you 're where you are I mean where were you ? I do not know where you are ? ( Bruce ) ( Petit ) what 's going on ? Ahdaei told me I only saw what I think I saw ? I do not know what to say - Please just tell me the truth - - not deport I want you to come with me now please Come with me Please it our own data obtained before I thought it might help us some day one will know whether you have this ? - No I do not think so - - did not speak to one of the army two years ago must be sure Bruce ) I do not understand why not go together and talk to him ? ) tell me what it wants to do wants to obtain bodily wants an autopsy for the manufacture of weapons of mankind wants bodily weapon Hello - Hello - - you this blame this Thank you Listen we must leave early as much as possible really ? can not survive at all ? wish but I 'm not safe here Can I borrow some money ? course - must go by bus - - Could I accompany him to the station ? - order - - Do you have everything you need ? - order - - Good night - palm evening - - go for rest room to sleep injected with a dose of very small there are some discipline soon to see any side effect stop and will be deprived of the team until recovering OK ? - OK ? - - separate injections single muscles in your neck and spine in the second Both Distressed Is everything all right ? think so Wait wanted to re Hendamk thus seem better must rebounding - Well - - Why ? They 're Look at must Hrbaty as fast as feasible Shit if they are arrested goal through two or three Hrbaty units 270 Blunsky ) Have you arrived there ? ) Sir excitement has begun That there Halt Halt know you inside Rule of General Please Sir Abe Abe Please do not do this pain after understanding ? That there upper end Corridor Eyak engage repeated Eyak engage commented interior A bomb in smoke Launched Eid here Now we 'll see ( Group ( alpha opens fire where unit No . Session moved Iallhol Blunsky ) it is your turn ) Gtunai Ataatzkrni ? agency he barely escaped buffer the sound of artillery moved sculpture now Please please do not where helicopters ? Is this everything ? Blunsky ) now withdrawn ) this is the way ? Retreat Retreat - Jeddou cover and retreat - - retreat ( Petit ) Damn withdrew ( Bruce ) Stopped the fire Not ( I did the right thing ( Colin do not know where to take them and go must be in danger of alarming so long as it is with him of mean ? has been protected has almost kill Has given me on this Learn Moreau I know whether someone is lying You tell lies I do not know where they went but was able to be assisted - I just killed the fugitive - - and I can not help anyone even if you want I was always surprised why not talking about you ? And now learned where I met such people ? ( Bruce ) ( Bruce ) Good Good Come here Come Guess to your head We safely everything is OK Raining as it Is II will return to work ? most of the bones of his body crushed I can say that it is totally wrecked his heart SHRINE did not think something like this and not even in horse racing Here Welcome - Are you all right - - Yes I feel that reality is improved good - Thank you to reinstate me my data - - would you hide Order for your information call the conditions for that Well if you go to buy goods from the store the first thing You must jokingly Why ? they have is this broader - took behave - - rumours about clashes between army troops and discount Unknown noon university campus ( Silver ) early this morning ( and we have ( Jack Maji ) and ( C Wilson eyewitnesses to the battle has been very significant and large this size as a giant Maggie ) Reporter Gerd University ) Take this cellular phone there are wide-ranging inspections on the giant been postponed by the army and the American government because of the presence of strong storms and fog mountains local nature reserves care butt my head okay ? done this before and you know How do you tell your hair ? Throughout this period polite electric Hey Hey - Why ? - - Can not do that now everything is OK - I 'm not well - - I can not I can not raise more far calmer Well ( Sir it ( Blewski Do ask permission to visit his family ? ask him yourself ? Sir I see this every soldier - Thank you sir - - how to feel ? force and is ready for the third round basically we can not use any of this because they are traceable through What about painting the lips can not followed ? No you can take the painting revealed Thank you I need my glasses - You can take my glasses and watch - - Imkkna not use most not the identities or credit cards or mobile phone Eyak be filled Well - take the money of course - - how to move Forty dollars ? and without a credit card enable the sale of these - not - - No this is the only thing left for you I will try to restore INVESTIGATION federal monitor mobile phones credit cards ( balances of banks and Dr. ( Ruth local police are aware if they find any road to come to us directly ones and we No this will not work for five years had not committed any errors not used the credit card or telephone if he tried to escape was doing the first time but does not try to escape this time it looking for assistance and do not know where to get more assistance everything that we know that Russell e-mail ( someone named ( Blue the copies of the things computers Mr. Green and Mr. ( Blue ) they take specific data Said ( Blue ) the data with me is the time for the meeting Mr. Green if we will come to assist the lookout for him - - If a voice heard - - Nam and if we will be ready Said ( Blue ) that there is the time has come to the meeting - - ( recipient Dr. ( Samoel Systems - - ( University ( experimental Section revive cells ( were found Dr. ( Samoel Williams " found matching " Smiled What 's up ? What 's up ? how to feel ? What about your experiences ? - as we have volunteers at Camp Harvard University and swelled dramatically - - as happened and magnified thousands of times person was a litre of acid on mental Do you remember anything ? only some shadow Commons and noise around me but you still have the inside yourself - No not well prepared - - no longer know - when they attacked - - maybe your head is still there and you can not control and I do not know what happened do not want to control this only be disposed of Are you ready ? - to see what happens - - Gentlemen Bruce ) he woke up ) something happening here must escape from here as fast to leave the car will go full speed Well Taxi road is long I think the pedestrian tunnel faster go underground with hundreds of people around me in one of the most aggressive cities in the world true Take a taxi Come on to go very beautiful However you can see that this wonderful Stop Are you crazy ? Why you ? what you ? You want your own leadership ? Strangest I know some of the techniques you can curb the discharge of their anger they are effective Shut up Sorry ( Dr. ( Williams for ? - ( I 'm sorry for the inconvenience ( Elizabeth Ruth - - ( Dr. ( Ruth there is a person wishes to Kak - good - - Said ( Blue ) is not it ? Mr. Green - - Asmhali to tell you I am surprised that you are real or not if you were in this huge power Nothing surprised than this extraordinary man who shook hands with my hands But this is not the garden of the promenade Escape even if everything is proceeding well If we add a and used the correct dose Is this treatment will be effective ? mere antidote or anti-toxins to curb the symptoms I do not know ... What I mean it ... if we went wrong injection this portion so simple We are dealing with concentrations the level of unusual poisons mean you have been killed - murder for - - must tell you this must learn we Besv one would be dangerous if it fails You also see I am always cautious curiosity about Kony and this Farouk if you already ? How do you feel men ? such as the Monster Well it rests on the table ... .. this fever for you and for the violent response of your comments ll tell you later that I feel strongly Us so Nanotronc This will be a new kind of feeling We have started device will confuse blood Antidote will antidotes and hope that the interaction it relax let out Here we 01 : 16 : 59 : 18 01 : 17 : 02 : 19 ready to shock ? Tend Dhaka Oh my God Waited Only Wait Already Just Aflha Bruce ) kept me ) Stay with me for Antidote Do now Bruce ) focused me ) See in my eyes Please see in my eyes You must kidding ( Bruce ) Oh my God ( Bruce ) Bruce ) you can not hear me ) ( Bruce ) Good You okay We have succeeded It 's okay that staggering Ended up Hello - Hello - - This has been something more supernatural I saw in my life as a whole Learn why on this palm must go back and acknowledge everything that happened here course they tell you that pulse rate returned to normal I think Dr. ( Ruth ) initially made the cells absorb the energy temporarily then launched of this radiation is not dead since years ago now as we re-cells to normal must put this aside stooping to the next level I tested several studies and did not survive ... . and then - Wait what I have just said ? - - ... I have received - subject of study ? - - what this subject ? - - Come with me what level of activity ? - watch sector in full - - We have mice and Islands and gradually increase the dose not know what is poison ? blood - mean blood - - Bruce ) all of this you ) had sent me a sample much blood therefore focused and manufactured more We have implemented several tests This is the energy potential ray technology has unlimited applications I can deal with several diseases I can make individuals vulnerable to disease No all must be destroyed by burning burning Why ? - everything - - night burning everything burned the entire lab we can win the prize ( Nobel ) for this You do not understand the strength of this thing that very serious can not control it - - Be careful you Sniper why I prepare this ? Blunsky ) the intrusion ) Blunsky ) giving my daughter there ) - - What about the antidote now ? - do not want a panacea - - but Roddick arms industry and if it will not abandon RECOVER THEM and I do not have any idea what I passed by I hate the government as any person but you think some thing is not it ? ( Bruce ) out Where is it ? Where is it ? Ernie him ( Blunsky ) Madam Take this ? if I took him arrested the rest of your life ( Petit ) will never be tolerant of what it has done that a fugitive from justice - You made him a fugitive - - failure to manage and protect your career Never admit to the accident and if I were your daughter II I did it because you are my daughter tell me whether you can make more of his ilk ? No not yet only able to compile some models for making accept Is this what you are concerned about ? that scary monster goal is to make what is the best of it if ... . it disturbing prostitute Why are you beating people always ? Why did to deserve this aggression ? This is not what I did but what do you have made me the best thing for him and you seem to have nothing in common with him is not it ? I want more I saw what it was is not it ? order and had a wonderful such as the Lord needed to become such a thing for me it I do not know why the Interior men will hate you may mix did not say but does not wish we need to sample and found and what you want Mr. Green What 's this ? " I tried to explain I do not know what the Interior suppose ... . ... . will not understand what I say but only counting the table Valid ( here commander of the unit ( d 4 There was a giant on-site home Come on Move What is it ? What is ? - Movement - - Well you Leadership Movement Movement around the car There was a huge thing here Attended by Major General we have to listen to this Giant cruising the streets II Repeat ! Giant cruising the streets This is impossible that we have here What is your site ? Street No. 121 Counted there again we bring what will come back ? Arne what happens when Well sir what the hell ? Go ! Go Occurred Not That one of his followers What a horror What did I do ? So the bullets do not kill Come Helou Trip from there Dear soldiers Tarko me seriously Sir Sir ointment to reconsider everything to Harlem must do something Take me there What do you say ? think that you can control it No not control - Anta not be able to control it - - And what if you can will do this thing We all 01 : 30 : 51 : 19 01 : 30 : 53 : 19 Please landing by risk - kept the air and I Jump - - Open the back door Wait what to do ? So what to do ? you can not control this you do not even know If you turn or not if it does this will be insane Petit ) we must try ) Sorry Promising here Come Madam , ( Petit ) Giant Almighty Is something lost You can not make some Liaison Assistant any of them ? Helped Green Arm fire This is not Oh my God shells Overcome it Abe I 'm here Well we must find a way out You do not deserve such a force Now we must die Guess They finally Here we are what are your latest Tycoon Run Stop everything is OK ( Petit ) " Battery weak " ( Bella Cola ) 31 days without turning Transformation Mobilize
