 " ... ist eingeschaltet . Befestigen Sie bitte Ihre Sicherheits-Gürtel . " " The Captain has turned on the Fasten Seat-belts sign . Please make sure your seatbelts are securely fastened . " Ich möchte sehen wie der Film weitergeht . I don 't speak German . I 'm from Denmark . - Dies ist mein erster Flug . - I 'm from Denmark . " Wir durchfliegen jetzt starke Turbulenzen . Nehmen Sie bitte Ihre Plätze ein . " Hey , friend . It 's just an electrical storm . - I understand . Here . Gum ? - No , thank you . Mein Herr , Sie müssen sich hinsetzen ! Beruhigen Sie sich ! Beruhigen Sie sich ! Entschuldigen Sie bitte ! Gehen Sie zu Ihrem Sitz zurück ! Kapitän ! Wir haben eine Notsituation ! " ... gibt eine Not - ... " - Sprechen Sie mit mir ! Was zum Teufel passiert ! - " Beruhigen ... " Warum antworten Sie mir nicht ! Reden Sie mit mir ! FRINGE Oh my god ! - What ? This bed is loud . - You think ? We can 't keep doing this . Sneaking around . Department is not a master fan of office romance . The policy seminar was endless , wasn 't it ? Kept finding myself staring at you , I decided to move my chair to stop . Well , I think Charlie knows . - No , he doesn 't . Well , I think he does . - If he knew , we would be transferred . Believe me , I 'm not afraid of transparency , but we 're already working for a department that 's about as fluid and unstable as they come and somehow we found each other . The idea somebody making a call whether not you and I get to live in the same city is unacceptable to me . Anyway that 's just a preamble to a kicker , which is that I love you . Olivia Dunham . Yes , sir . Of course , sir . Yes , sir . I 'm on my way . Incident at Logan . International flight . Charlie is on his way . Agent Scott . LOGAN AIRPORT , BOSTON Olivia Dunham , FBI . " ... it 's all I 'm asking for , alright . We didn 't know . You had that information , I didn 't . Why I don 't take my guys , get in and do the job ? " Charlie , what 's up ? - Interagency harmony and cooperation continues . Who 's winning ? - Langley , by a nose . We 've got a flight out of Hamburg , 147 passengers . Tower has lost contact three hours in . They thought it might have been electrical interference . They enter in our airspace radio silent . Navy then scrambles two F-18 for escort . They reported stains on the windows , no signs of life aboard the jet . White House approved the CDC 's request for the jet not to be opened until they arrive . No signs of life ? Who was flying the plane ? - Logan is one of the first airports with the PEARL autopilot system . Plane landed itself right on time , unlike every flight I 've ever taken . ... well , let me assure you , we 'd be happy to treat you as family too . Good old NTSB , they all like to think they 're cops . - Agent Scott . - Agent Francis . - Agent Dunham . Whatever the Hell McNeary shot through that window , it made him throw up in front of his whole unit . Excuse me . So what 's going on here ? Some sort of an accident ? - The tarmac is closed . Nothing you need to worry about . All right . - Move on . - I 'll do that . Although this is a joint task force , you are all reporting to the Department of Homeland Security . I 'm Special agent in charge , Broyles . DC has sent me here to make sure we get results . Standard Level 4 HASMAT suits are required to go in . Members from each agency of the starting line as follows . CIA , Faranough . FBI , Francis and Scott . Everyone else stand by . OK people , let 's move . Sir . Olivia Dunham . FBI 's interagency liaison . - Liaison on an interagency Task force , got to love that . Kinnda like powdered sugar on a glazed doughnut . Excuse me , if I 'm gonna do my job effectively , I 'd like my information first hand , that 's not redundancy , that 's accountability . I know exactly who you are . You want in , Liaison ? Suit-up . What kind of terrorism is this ? - Who says it 's terrorism ? " ... sources tell us , that the plane was deliberately set ablaze by the CDC . " FEDERAL BUILDING , BOSTON " I 've got 15E . - Seat 21A . John Rosenblum , Honolulu Hawaii . - 43E . Elle Hampton , Florida . " " ... I think my X-Ray 's negative . - Intelligence check 's negative . " " Have we reviewed video from Hamburg airport ? - ... ground crew who fuelled the airplane . We need names . " On it 's way , Agent Dawson . And what the hell is taking so long ... Report says Maintenance replaced oxygen tank an hour before take-off . Please tell me that terminal shut down . - It 's been down since 4 : 00 local time . You got any more questions ? Who 's point from CDC on the bone , tissue and air sample ? - Agent Pailey . You want his home number ? No , but I 'd like the whole report , not just this fax , claiming that there 's no matches to any known pathogens or airborne viruses . - We 're on that too Liaison . We don 't think what happened on that plane was a result of the in-flight movie . Back Bay PD got a call at 3 : 00 , from a guard on duty from a storage facility . He saw two , and I quote , ' suspicious middle-eastern men handing a white guy a briefcase ' . Liaison , take it . Go find out . - Take what ? That ? You 're telling me that 's my assignment ? - Yea , honey . Would you mind ? " ... CDC 's control . The decision was made to burn the plane only after ... " U-CASE STORAGE , BACK BAY , MASSACHUSETTS Petty bastard . He 's pissed because his best friend sexually assaulted three marine privates . And I 'm the bad guy , cause I put him away . - Broyles is an idiot . You 're smarter , stronger , you 're much better looking . He 's jealous . What ? - You said you loved me . In the motel . Yea . That was a big deal . - Yea , well you didn 't say anything back , so I just let it go . I 've been sorta bad at this , for a long time . Until you . I wanted to say , I love you too . Let 's go check the trash together . Empty . - Acetylene , propane ? - No , ammonia . What are you doing ? - What are you doing ? I 'm a federal agent . We need to get a chem-transport team out here now . - I 'm on it . No signal . Freeze FBI ! FBI freeze ! I have a gun ! I will shoot ! John ? - We have a runner in the back . - I 'm on my way . Hands in the air ! - No ! You were very lucky today , Agent Dunham . Your wounds could easily have been more severe . Agent Scott , wasn 't as fortunate . While he survived the initial blast , Agent Scott was exposed to some synthetic chemical compounds . Work that was done in the lab you found . ISOLATION UNITS , KENNEDY WING He 's not contagious , but until we understand more it 's better not to introduce any additional contaminates . We haven 't been able to identify the substance that is affecting him . The CDC has sent in specialists , but they 've never seen anything like what 's happening here . We 've put agent Scott in a drug induced coma . His body temperature has been lowered significantly to try to slow the progress . I 'm sorry Agent Dunham . It 's me . Liaison . I found a connection between the Hamburg flight and what 's happed to Agent Scott . His name is Walter Bishop . He 's a scientific researcher from Cambridge , born in ' 46 . Harvard educated post-grad at Oxford and MIT . Look at the experiments he was doing in the ' 70 . I believe dr . Bishop might have information 's that might tell us what happened aboard that plane and save Agent Scotts life . It says the guy has been at St. Claire 's for 17 years . - I saw that . An assistant was killed in his lab . Rumors about dr . Bishop using humans as guinea pigs he was charged with manslaughter , but was deemed mentally unfit to stand trial . - Why are you so sure Bishop 's our guy ? Why are you so sure he 's not ? - Listen , Dunham . You and I got on a wrong foot . - If my past job performance as US Marine Special Investigator offends you ... - Well , yea . It does . A man that serves his country for 30 years has a few drinks and small lapse of judgment ... A small lapse in judgment that will haunt three young women for the rest of their lives . - But that 's not tonight 's business , is it ? Look , DC has tasked me to make sure that our reaction to Flight 627 is beyond reproach . Now , it says here , in 1991 , the glorious State of Massachusetts forbade dr . Bishop from having any visitors , with the exception of immediate family . So , from where I sit , barging into mental institution , waving the Patriot Act , which is what you need , and demanding face-time with some old lab rat , who you think might be behind some of the most terrifying terror that I can possibly imagine ... I 'm coming to you with a solid lead and your personal resentment is preventing you ... - Then you 're wasting your breath and my time . Do you understand 'immediate family ' ? You want to question dr . Bishop you go find his next of kin and have him escort you in . Talk to Bishop , uncover something substantial and I will have your back . Until then , I am not so convinced . Now , can you handle that ? He does have a son . - Is his son a local too ? Not exactly . BAGHDAD , IRAQ So this guy 's Walter Bishop 's son ? - His name is Peter Bishop . He 's a high-school drop-out , IQ at 190 , just 50 points north of genius . Misfit , nomad . Hasn 't kept a job longer than two months . He 's been a wild land fireman , cargo pilot and briefly a college chemistry professor . He falsified a degree from MIT . He even managed to get a few papers published before he was found out . Sounds like a massive pain in the ass . My resume is hardly traditional , but around these parts traditional increasingly means irrelevant . Hundred billion dollar sunk in infrastructure and you can barely keep the lights on . You need someone to oversee construction on 600 miles of pipeline to carry crude between your fields in Kirkuk and the port of Ceyhan . A job well out of Green Zone , I might add . Well , I 'm still alive to do so . You need someone who has a handle on the laws of hydro-dynamic resistance , the heat exchange and oil mixture flows . You 'll also need someone who can work with mixed integer programs cause you 're gonna have to resize the pipes a you start working across uneven terrain . That is , if you want to keep down the construction costs . Truth is , I need this job as much as you need me to do it . I also speak Farsi . And 600.000 all-in sounds fair . Peter Bishop ? Olivia Dunham , I 'm with the FBI . OK . - You heard of the Flight 627 ? - The Hamburg flight , of course . You may be able to help us with that . - No , I think you 've got the wrong guy . - Your father is Walter Bishop . The last time someone asked me that it was an accusation . - Well , he 's the man we 're looking to speak with . But do to his current status , you 're the only one who can provide us access . - And what possible help could that man be to you ? And what is it exactly that you 're expecting me to do ? Hopp on a plane with you back to Massachusetts ? I just got here honey . - I can have you on a return flight here in four days , but first ... - Let me save you the time . I 'd rather stay here in Iraq . That 's how much I want to see my father . I 'm going to beg you as one human being to another . Your father may be able to save someone who is dying . Someone I care about very much . Sweetheart , we all care about someone who is dying . I can 't help you , I 'm sorry . I know why you 're here . I have your file . What file ? - The one the FBI would say it doesn 't exist . And it has everything . Where you 've been , what you 're running from . And what you need while you 're here . So , either you come with me , or I let certain people know your whereabouts . When do we leave ? Did the doctor say anything else ? Yeah . Thanks , Charlie . Let me ask you something . My father , not my favorite . He is without a doubt the most self-absorbed , twisted , abusive , brilliant , myopic son-of-a-bitch on the planet . So he was a chemist . That much I already know . He worked out of a basement lab in Harvard , doing research for a toothpaste company . I also know that there was an accident at the lab one night , when my father was arrested . Beginning the first truly peaceful period in our home , but here is the thing Olivia , My gut tells me , that your friend 's life , the one hanging in the balance , is not going to be saved by a tube of tooth paste . He worked out of Harvard , but not on toothpaste . He was a part of a classified US Army experimental program called Calvin Genetics . They gave him the resources to do whatever work he wanted . Which was primarily in an area called ' fringe science ' . When you say ' fringe science ' , you mean pseudo-science . - I suppose . Things like mind control , teleportation , astral projection . Invisibility , genetic mutation , re-animation , fertility , ... - Whoa , excuse me for a second . Re-animation , really ? So you 're telling me ? What ? My father was dr . Frankenstein ? ESSEX COUNTY , MASSACHUSETTS You know what ? Why don 't you go on ahead ? I think I 'm gonna wait out in the lobby . Dr. Bishop , special day . You have a visitor . Hello . I knew someone would have come . Eventually . Dr. Bishop ? This was ... When did this happen ? - The incident on the plane happened four days ago . Agent Scott was injured the next day . - Aderm already indurated . Translucent . Muscular tissue . - On Scott ? You mean can you see through his skin ? Yes . That 's not good . To see through the skin . It 's tricky , it 's advanced . ... like that . - What 's happening to him ? Can it be reversed ? What is it ? They have this horrible pudding here . Butterscotch pudding on Mondays . It 's dreadful . It 's Thursday . - Oh . That 's fantastic news . It can be reversed . What happened to your colleague . Years ago I worked with lab animals some of them were afflicted , but were saved . So , do you remember what to do ? This place , their choice of therapies has ... Dr. Bishop ? You came here today with my son . I 'm not allowed visitors you see , except immediate family . Unless the order has been lifted . And it 's a simple ' if-then ' formula . If you are here , then so is he . I would so much , so very much like to see him . So much . He asked for you . Thanks , sweetheart . I really appreciate that . - Hey , I didn 't tell him you were here . Call me sweetheart one more time , I really like that . Hello , Walter . I thought you 'd be fatter . - You thought I 'd be fatter ? Excellent , first words . Perfect . - No , as a boy . You were round . Yes , I was . Until the summer before high-school . Not that I 'd expect you to remember that . May I see something ? - What are you doing ? Take your hands off me ! - Pupils are good . They 're good . How advanced is your colleague 's condition ? Would you some ... I 'm unable to deduce without a first-hand examination . I must see Mr. Scott myself , which I am unable to do . Under the present law . Unless , signed out by a legal guardian , who must be once again a relative . What are you asking me to ... ? No ! Guardian ? No . Forget it . - He 'll do it . - No , I will not . - One phone call . That 's all it takes . You want me to make it ? Cause I 've got my phone in my pocket . Now it 's out of my pocket . You wanted my father . Now you 've got my father . Which falls into the category , be careful what you wish for . Sweetheart . " Every effort is being made to understand what happened on Flight 627 . " Dr. Bishop , I was curious . Did anyone else ever have access to your work ? Well , the assistants have bits and pieces . God , I suppose . I suppose the only one who really knew what I was doing was Billy . - Who ? Billy William Bell , he and I shared a lab . - William Bell ? - You shared a lab with the founder of Massive Dynamics ? I 'm sorry . I don 't know what that is MD . - Ah , nothing really . Just a tinny little company . That 's perfect . One guy becomes the wealthiest man on planet , the other guy becomes an institutionalized sycophant . - What ? What happened ? - I just pissed myself . - Excellent . - Just a squirt . What do we do ? What don 't we do . MASSIVE DYNAMICS Just got the message , how 's John ? - Worse . CDC says that Hamburg flight was caused by synthetic compounds , which is like saying rain is caused by wet compounds . They 've run some tests on John , but haven 't come back with anything . - What about Bishop ? Left or right ? Insane , and irritating . And also my only hope . Listen . I need to question William Bell . Could you set that up for me ? - William Bell ? Massive Dynamics William Bell ? - He and Bishop used to shared a lab . You kidding ? Dr. Bishop ? Sent Ginger ale . I need Ginger ale . Haven 't had some long time . Miss it . Can you please get some Ginger ale for the doctor , Agent Farnsworth ? - Sure . Whoa ! Stop right now ! Stop ! Does this not concern you ? Let him go . Petrie dish . Quick , please . But , I need to take this to my lab right away . - Your what ? Kreski building basement , Harvard . We should leave , I have my sample . Your lab was shut down after you left . I 'm sorry ? - Wake up . It 's gone . No . No . No . - Walter , there is no lab . - It 's a perfect working ... Damn you ! - We need to get him back immediately . Liaison . When did you get back ? - I need your help . I want you to know I 've successfully had dr . Walter Bishop released from St. Claire 's and he requires the use of his old laboratory . - I 'm sorry . What ? Kreski building , Harvard , basement . It would be nice , to think that your tenacity in this case is a byproduct of a remarkable and robust professionalism . But I can 't help but wonder , if it wasn 't something going on between you and Agent Scott . Get the lab for Bishop . So much . So much happened here . And so much is about to . HARVARD UNIVERSITY Dr. Bishop I 've ordered a standard forensics' work package . Is there anything else you need ? Optical coherence tomograpf for flesh study . Two thousand pounds of silicon . At least five anonymous blood samples from volunteer donors , micro-organism detector . NASA grade , of course . There 's still NASA , yes ? - Yes . Oh , she 's still here . This tank was the best . And a two years old bussaurus . - A what ? - A cow . He wants a cow . - Purebred , not a crossbred , this is important . Mature weight 850 pounds , total fat average 2,37 . Is he joking ? - Genetically , humans and cows are separated by only a couple lines of DNA . So , what 's an ethical test subject ? - Where 'd you learn that ? MIT ? No actually , I picked that up reading books . You should try it sometime . It 's fun . Get him the cow . - Fantastic , thank you . Only thing better than a cow is a human . Unless you need milk . Then you really need a cow . Coffee ? - Thanks . Tell me . What else did that file say ? About yours truly . How bad was it ? - I 'm not at liberty to discuss it . Why don 't you go ahead and liberate yourself , because I 'm here now . So I kinnda feel I deserve the truth , don 't you ? There was no file . - I needed you back here . - So that was what ? You were bluffing ? I was desperate . - Yea , I 'm usually pretty good at reading people . That 's sorta what I do . Yea , well I could see you were in trouble . Anyone could see that . - So I could have stayed . I could have stayed in Iraq . - You know , a car bomb went of this morning in Kirkuk . You just might owe me a " Thank you " . - Yea , well , I owe a lot . Yea , I figured . Mafia . - A guy named Big Eddie . I swear to you I 'm not making that up . - You owe money to a guy nick-named Big Eddie ? - No , I owe money to a guy named Big Eddie . He had it legally changed . And the thing is I 'm not even a gambler . I mean I never was . It 's just ... A couple of years ago I went a bit crazy . - I thought you were a genius , you must have had a system . Of course there was a system . The House was cheating . But you try telling them that . '72 , during Vietnam , DoD 's BioChem Division had us working on a protoconteghian for a possible use against Vietcong . It 's possible that whatever affected that plane may have been derived from that work . - What about John ? What 's affecting him is merely a chemical reaction to raw laboratory ingredients . Not the finished contagent , which means we can synthesize a counter-agent . So you can help him ? - Don 't do that . Don 't give her false hope . - It 's not false . It 's real . I could help , yes . If I had a precise inventory of what was in that storage facility when it detonated . - We don 't have it . It all went up , everything . And the suspect who might have those answers got away and John was the only one who saw his face . So how long does he have left ? Current rate of crystallization , cellular degradation , .. - How long ? - 24 hours . His brain will no longer be able to oxygenate itself . I 'm so sorry . That I can 't offer you a less dangerous solution . What do you mean ? - Didn 't I mention ? - Whatever you think you said , you didn 't say . Synaptic transfer system , shared dream state . - What do you mean ' shared dream state ' ? Human brain generates a quantifiable electric field . I hypothesized in 1976 , that it is possible to synchronize the fields of two distinct minds . To allow the sharing of information across the unconscious state . Like a string between two tin cans . - You know what 's great about that , that 's completely insane . You 're saying I can talk to John in coma ? And he can tell me what the suspect looks like ? - It 's not an exact science . - It 's not even science . Have you done this before ? - I have used this technique to extract information from a corpse once . You can do that if they haven 't been dead for longer than six hours . Right , because after six hours that 's when they are really dead . - You could access his memories . Assuming there 's no brain damage . Of course you 'd have to have an electromagnetic probe placed in the base of your skull , whilst immersed without clothing in the old tank . And you 'd be heavily drugged . What sort of drugs ? - Mix of Ketamine , neuront , lysergic acid diethylamide . - That last one is LSD , by the way . Acid . It would take at least a few hours , I 'd need your help to synthesize it , if it is not too much trouble . - Yea , sure , no problem . That sounds like fun . The man who was just released from a mental institution he wants to give you a drug overdose and stick a metal rod into your head and put you naked into a rusty tank of water . No , I don 't want to . No , I 'd rather not , I 'm just saying I can . OK , Olivia , excuse me for a second . You 're obviously under severe duress and you haven 't slept since Iraq and the man you care about might die , but I 'm telling you , that man will kill you . You don 't understand the procedure . John would do it for me . Set it up . I 'll get DHS 's authorization to bring John here . This is unbelievable . This is insane , he is insane and you 're insane for following him . Excellent . Let 's make some LSD . Put him over here . Salt will make you float . Charlie . Did you get me in to see William Bell ? Massive Dynamics isn 't exactly being forthcoming and courteous . And apparently William Bell is out of the country for the next two weeks . - What 's this ? A sweet little memo from their General Council . - So Bell doesn 't want to talk ? Or he 's just being the head of a 50 billion dollar corporation . - Screw this . I want to drive a tank through William Bell 's office and find out what he knows . - I know you do , but I 'm here to tell you the bad news . It 's going to be another 48 hours till we get a court order . - You should probably strip to your underwear . Hello . - What the hell was that ? Charlie , we don 't have 24 hours . I need you to get to Bell . If Walter fails , Bell could be the only one to save us . Olivia , what 's happening here ? You 've cleared all this with Broyles ? Somewhat . - Somewhat doesn 't sound good . Is that a cow ? - Yea , that 's Jean . Listen Charlie , I need you to promise me you 'll do whatever you can . Of course . You know that . Hey . Be careful . My god . Now , where was I ? Could you tilt your head forward , please ? I still think that this is deeply irresponsible and believe me , I would know . This is an anesthetic . If you feel normal it 's working . - Yea , because bootleg and smack in a basement is just a picture of normalcy . I 've got you . I hope your guy is worth it . A vital stats spike will pull you out . You 'll start to feel very relaxed pretty soon . And this will rip open your consciousness . Listen , in case you don 't come back , I just want to say before we do this . How much I appreciate what you 've done . There is so many things you loose in a place like that . You loose being trusted . Strange how important that is when it 's gone . " Watch your hands . Heavy doors . Save your fingers . Close with care . " If you want to watch , you can come closer . You work here ? Yea , I 'm Astrid Farnsworth , assistant to Agent Dunham . - Who ? Oh , yes . I 'm Walter ... - Bishop . Walter Bishop . - Yes , thank you . Don 't mention it . - These are her brain rhythms . More important than most people know regarding cerebral regional interaction . Critical . And these are his . As the drugs take effect the probes will synchronize the electrical signals from both . That what the brain is , an electrical router . Should be able to be interpreted by the other . - Simple really , like making toffee . And when the rhythms are in-sync , they should be in the same place . So to speak . So what do we do now ? Now we wait . What was that ? - Should be any minute now . Hello ? I think I 'm here . I 'm here ! Look ! Almost in-sync . John ? I know this . That 's my uncle 's kayak . Why is it here ? John ? Is that you ? Olivia ? - John ? What 's happening ? - She 's fine ? - She 's alright ? - She 's fine ? - You 're sure ? Look . They 're together . I was just thinking about you . What was that ? - Nothing . John , you were hurt . I don 't remember . - Think . The storage units . - I feel cold . I need you to remember . - Remember what ? What you saw . I need you to show me his face . Why ? So I can save you . Please try . Try and remember . Yes . This is right . " We 've got a runner in the back . We need him alive . " - I can 't see his face . You 're late . - I saw him . I saw John get hurt . I was there . I swear . What do you mean you saw him ? Where ? - I told you not to ask me that . This is him . This is the suspect we are looking for . He looks like this . Send me the image , I 'll put it through the database . - Have you slept ? You look like crap . - No primary matches for criminal record . Cross check all state driver 's license files and send this image to all local hospitals . Agent Dunham , take a look at this . Oh my God . This is him . - He was a passenger on the Flight 627 . I don 't understand . - Wait . He couldn 't been in the storage place . - Charlie . I saw him . Hold on guys . Morgan Steig was passenger 108 . His emergency contact , Richard Steig . You 're telling me he has a twin . - Yeah . No home address . Only history of employment . What ? - Richard Steig 's last employer . I was hoping to speak with William Bell . - I 'm Nina Sharp , Executive Director . I only have a few minutes . - Our primary suspect is a former employee of yours , Richard Steig . Who may have used research from your company to develop a self-eradicating airborne toxin . We don 't know why or for whom , but it appears he was willing to sacrifice his own brother . Whatever killed those people on that plane got onboard through his insulin pad . So , do you want to talk to me ? Danielle , please assemble everything we have on Richard Steig for Agent Dunham here . I remember Richard Steig . He worked in our Weapons System Research lab . He was caught three months ago trying to leave the premises with classified information . He was terminated immediately . We referred his name to the Justice Department . We have done our do diligence , Agent Dunham . And , if you choose to drag our company and dr . Bell 's name into this matter , you will be hearing from our attorneys . - How long have you worked for dr . Bell ? - 16 years . I owe Massive Dynamics my life and that is not an exaggeration . I was a runner most of my life . In the ' 97 Boston Marathon I felt strangely tired . One day at the office dr . Bell noticed my discomfort and insisted I go for a CAT Scan . Cancer . Spread so severely I had to have my arm amputated that week . That first scanner that found my cancer was built by this company . The robotic assist tools that were used at my surgery , the drugs I used afterwards , were developed and manufactured by Massive Dynamics . And my replacement limb was designed by Bell himself . Everything we have on Richard Steig . Do you believe that Steig may be part of the " Pattern " ? I 'm sorry , part of the " Pattern " ? I assumed you had clearance . I 'm cleared to know whatever you 're cleared to know , miss Sharp . - Apparently not . But suffice to say that we reached the point where science and technology have advanced at such an exponential rate for so long , it may be way beyond our ability to regulate and control them . You should know what you 're getting into , Agent Dunham . I would say this to my own daughter : " Be careful and good luck . " And this is a show for children ? - Yea , it 's huge . Surprisingly profound for a narrative about a sponge . Crazy House . - I just landed at Logan , I 'm on my way to you . I think we located our suspect . Hold on a second , you found the guy ? You found the guy from your dreams ? - I 'm picking you both up . I need your father there to question , get whatever information he needs so he can make a cure for John and I need you there too , in case your father is ... Say no more , we 'll meet you out front . " Stake out is on , you 're outside . " - " Stand by . " - " Confirm your position . " " Two minutes out . " - " ... perimeter two miles back . " " Everybody where are you at ? " - " Coming out . " - " This way , mam . " " Stand aside ! " - " FBI ! " - " Clear ! " " Clear ! " - " Clear ! " I 'd like to check your blood pressure . - Why don 't you check your own blood pressure ? Mine is fine , thanks . Your skin tone suggest you might be suffering from arterial hypertension . - Don 't tell me what I 'm suffering from . And there are no visible signs of hypertension . When this is over , please don 't send me back . I don 't want to go back . - Look , Walter . - This experience . It woke me up again and you can 't put me back to sleep . It was hardly my idea . Any of it . Whatever punishment you think I deserve , I swear I have already endured it . 17 years , please , son . Hey ! - What ? - Hey ! He 's in the alley ! Can I get out of the car ? - Stay right there Walter . No ! Fuck ! I 've got some questions for you . It was a magnesium based ethylene glycol . - I understand that , but you 're not listening . Magnesium ethylene glycol with organophosphate trigger . - Look , pop , just stop for a second . His blood won 't be able to absorb it before the side effects kill him . - And you 're saying what ? We synthesize a calcium gluconate lanthanum base ? - Yes , exactly . We can 't we 'd need more of his blood . We have none . That 's not true . All agents are required to set up a backup blood supply in case we are wounded . Cowardless transfusion . That 's brilliant . We can create the antidote and then just dissolve it in stored blood . If we transfuse him intravenously , his body won 't be overwhelmed . A + boy . Well done . Let 's begin . So , I got the lab . - Yea , I know you did . Thanks . How 's it going downstairs ? Bishop says that 's going to be a while , but that it looks auspicious . That was his word . What ? You 've done some solid work . Locating Bishop . Getting him out , finding a way to get him to work with you . We 're impressed . It was his son who found a way to get him to work , not me . Brains run in the family . Who is we ? - What happened on that plane might be part of something more dangerous than simple terrorism . Simple terrorism ? In the past nine months there had been three dozen authenticated incidents like the Hamburg flight . Most of what I 'm about to show you has not been made public . John Thompson , normal kid . Went missing back in ' 98 . Reappeared last month half way around the world , hadn 't aged a day . In the past few months 46 other children that went missing that same year turn up . Sam story . Local fishermen off the coast of Sri Lanka . Reports a low flying plane emitting a high pitched frequency that blows out all their windows . An hour later , same spot an 8,7 subsurface earthquake creates a tsunami that kills 38.000 people . So why are you telling me this ? - This man . A patient in Lisbon who woke up after years in a coma . Began writing , just numbers . They turn out to be exact real time coordinates of our Carrier Battle Groups in the Pacific . Intel that 's classified above Top Secret . - So how is that even possible ? Come work for me and I 'll get you the clearance ... - Stop ! Dunham , there is more you need to hear . - You must not have heard me , I said stop . - They 're calling these events " The Pattern " . As if someone out there is experimenting , only the whole world is their lab . You 've seen it now you know . - I don 't want to know , I have a job . - This is more important job . Anything , anybody you need you can have . I like the job I 've got . And the man I do it with , which you seem have deduced on your own . Look around . You see all these people going about their lives ? No idea what 's happening around them and what they 're in the middle of ? I just want to go back to before . Dunham , I don 't think you can . He 's up . He 's awake . Olivia , he 's awake . He 's conscious . - John ? John ? Can you hear me baby ? Baby ? I had a dream about you . Hi . Change of clothes for Agent Scott . His vitals are surprisingly strong . So , how long does he have to stay ? Until the melanoma sites in his skin are regenerated , but that shouldn 't be more than a week . He owes you his life . - We owe each other . What room is Steig in ? I told you everything I know . Didn 't I ? And I gave you the names of all the synthetics I used in the compound . Don 't worry . Our immunity agreement still holds . But there 's still a whole lot more we have to talk about . Like why you killed your brother . And who you 're selling your work to ? - Who said I was selling it ? I was threatened by a guy from your office . You think I 'm lying ? I swear to God , I can prove it . Where 's the recording ? - I buried it . " I will come after you . - Threatening me ? " " After seeing what I 'm willing to do to my own brother ? - Let me assure you we 'd be happy to treat you as family too . " " Let me assure you we 'd be happy to treat you as family too . " Special Agent Scott . - Yes. sir . Go in . - Thanks . Charlie , I need two agents posted outside agent Scott 's room . Check on Steig . I 'm on it . - I 'm 5 minutes away . We need this place locked down ! This is Dunham , agent ID 5-2-7-7-6 . In pursuit of blue SUV , heading south on Tramway . Need immediate assist . Ask yourself , why ... Why Broyles sent you . To storage facility . Why you ? I don 't understand . Who are you working for ? John , tell me . Tell me more . John ? I know him just as long as you did . I 'm sorry . Job isn 't what it was ten years ago . We 're supposed to protect the world , where one breath of the wrong air can incinerate you from the inside our . I mean , how do we protect people , when corporations have higher security clearances than we do . When we 're not fully briefed on half the things we 're investigating . You know , when the truth , the truth is , we 're obsolete . Take me back to the lab . Can I talk to you please ? - Yea . I 'll be back in a second . I 'm sure you 're anxious to get as far away from here as possible . To Iraq or Afghanistan , or some other out of reach places . But I 'm here to tell you that your father needs to stay , which means that you need to to . Are you ok ? - I don 't know . I know you have countless reasons as to why this is a non-starter to you . But your father is a good man . He 's not the monster you think he is and you 're good with him despite what you think . And you 're the only one who speaks Walter . You take him back to St. Claire 's it 's all over . - Where 's John ? I can talk to the Agency and get them to clear your gambling debt . - I can take care of my own debts , ok ? What just happened ? Where 's John ? I 'm not gonna use false threats with you anymore . I don 't need to . The threats are real . After you left my father sat down , started talking to me and he was remarkably lucid . He told me about the work that he and William Bell have done in their experiments and that experiment What happened on that plane is just the beginning . Which makes every part of me feel like I gotta get the Hell out of Boston . Are we leaving ? How long has he been dead ? - Five hours . Question him . Listen to : Thin Lizzy
