 SeriesSub presents ... The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 ... These shots are free . Give them to anyone who wants them , but be careful to explain the risks . I couldn 't save her . There are no guarantees . There never are . Cassie ... Dunlevy . Maybe I 'll see you around . You ever go visit your cousin , Shawn ? Is he getting any better ? Maybe someone should try injecting him with a big old dose of promicin . It 'd be like giving him a jump start , right ? Ever since the 4400 came back , it 's been one sacrifice after another . It has to stop . It worked , right ? I 'm not dead . Not this time , no . Next time , you might not be so fortunate . They told you to kill me . You didn 't do it . You ever think maybe that 's why your girlfriend is gone ? I know you 've been looking for Alana for three months . You must have considered the possibility that she was abducted again . I 'm sorry , I ... I didn 't see you there . Excuse me , how did you get in here ? I don 't understand . This is too weird . I 'm getting off . Excuse me . I need to get out of here . I need to get out of here . No , please ... No , I can 't handle tight spaces ! I can 't breathe ! I got to get out of here ! Get me out of here , please , I can 't breathe ! Help me , I can 't breathe ! I can 't breathe ! Help me , please , I can 't ... I can 't ... Leave me alone ! He 's ... He 's going to kill me ! Leave me alone ! Stop , please ! Leave me alone ! - Hey ... - Hello , Tom . I heard about your sister . I figured you might be showing up . - Ben and Maia with you ? - No , they 're in spain , which is where I 'll be as soon as I figure out what happened to april . You working any leads ? No one 's seen or spoken to her in months . I don 't even know if she 's alive or dead . Just because she got her hands on a promicin shot , - doesn 't mean she took it . - This is April we 're talking about . If she got the shot , she took it . Look ... if there 's anything I can do , anything you need , you just say the word . Actually , I was hoping you could tell me a little bit about your new boss . Meghan Doyle ? She 's young , inexperienced , think-tank smart . Spends a lot of time in the theory room . Why ? I was thinking about asking for temporary reinstatement . Just hoping access to NTAC 's resources will speed up my search . I 'm not sure she 'll go for the temporary assignment . Then I guess I 'll just have to tell her that I 'm back for good . So you 're going to lie ? This is my sister . I 'll do whatever it takes . I 'm so sorry for dumping all this on you . Because I know you 've got other things on your mind . Any news on Alana ? I have to admit that the resemblance is striking , and there 's nothing about her in any of these art books ? All I know is that from june to september , 1885 , Claude Pierrot painted six portraits of a woman named Alana . Who she was , what happened to her afterwards , is all a blank , but that ... That 's her , Diana , that 's Alana . You think they sent her back into the past as some kind of punishment for you not killing Isabelle ? I think the future gave her to me and the future took her away . I guess there 's no way of ever finding out . Maybe there is . I know how to contact the future , I 've done it before . Please , tell me you 're not thinking of doing anything stupid . I will always be grateful for you for getting Maia back , but you attempted suicide . The only reason they saved you last time was because they needed you . That 's not the case this time . It 's been three months . I don 't know what else to do . Wherever Alana is , whatever happened to her , she does not want you dead . Yeah . Baldwin . Don 't let them get me ! Please , they 're going to kill me ! What you 're looking at is a highly elevated fear response . In Mr. Kopelow 's case , it 's a fear of clowns . But to have that kind of reaction , doesn 't there need to be ... You know , actual clowns ? That 's what makes these cases so unusual . There 's no external stimuli present . How many cases are we talking about ? Eight in the last two hours , which is why I called you . We all have things that we 're afraid of ... insects , heights , but we learn how to cope with them . In these people , those coping mechanisms are turned off . They 've seen their worst fears come to life . And you think a 4400 ability 's behind this ? Someone or something is turning their ... preexisting fears into unmanageable phobias . - Excuse me . - Well , eight cases in two hours . I 'd say someone 's been pretty busy . For all we know , they 're just getting started . Season 4 - Episode 02 Fear Itself You think one of my employees drove those people crazy ? All we know is that 5 of our 8 victims had receipts from your branch 's ATM . According to the transaction slips , they all used the machine some time between 7 : 12 and 7 : 28 this morning . The bank isn 't even open then . That means no one on my staff is responsible , right ? We 're still going to need everyone to submit to a promicin test , just to be sure . Look at this . Max Kopelow . And look who 's right behind him in line ... Jacqui Glendon . Our claustrophobia victim . Check this out . There 's no audio , but looks like there 's some kind of commotion just outside of camera range , right there . - What do you think ? - We 'll need a list of everyone who used that ATM this morning . - I can get you that . - Great . Hey , sleeping beauty . How does it feel to be awake ? It feels pretty good . They 're kicking me out of here today . You going home ? That 's fantastic . It 'll make those media hounds outside very happy . I might disappoint them and sneak out the back . I don 't know . I cannot believe how much catching up I have to do . So much ... crazy stuff has happened the last three months . Change is painful . It comes with a cost . You 're quoting Jordan Collier now ? You say that like it 's a bad thing . I didn 't think he 'd go through with it , hand out all the promicin ? He knew what would happen . He knew it would kill all of those people . And I feel bad for those people , but I 've seen promicin do some amazing things . I guess I should be thanking you , huh ? - For what ? - Come on , Kyle . I overheard the doctors talking . They said that there was some kind of spike in my promicin level , and that 's what woke me up , and it was you and my mom in the room when it happened , and I kind of doubt ... That my mom could get her hands on a shot . It had been three months , man . The doctors weren 't sure you were ever going to wake up . Somebody had to try something . What about your dad ? He 's going to figure out it was you . Probably . San Sebastian is one of the most beautiful cities in the world , and that view of the bay at night ... It 's pretty spectacular . Which is why if I dropped everything and moved there with my daughter and boyfriend , I might find it a little hard to give up . Well , it wasn 't an easy decision . No , but knowing the separation was only temporary , must have made it easier . I 'm not really sure how long I 'll be staying . It could be quite some time . At least until you find your sister . Look , Diana , I know you 've been trying to track April on your own and you 've hit a brick wall . But you flash an NTAC badge , it 's amazing how fast those walls come down . It 's clear what you get out of this arrangement , but ... but what 's my win ? Me . I 'm your win . Temporary or not , you could use another experienced agent here . That 's pretty much what your former partner , Tom , said . Smart guy . you should listen to him . Let me ask you a question . Have you ever seen La Dolce Vita ? Dubbed or subtitled ? Do I look like I watch dubbed movies ? Do I ? Welcome back , agent Skouris . I 'm being reinstated because I like foreign films ? Of course not , but it doesn 't hurt your cause . Transferring me ? Where ? It 's a brand-new facility for people who 've developed abilities that the government considers non-threatening . They 're ... kept on the inhibitor , but otherwise , it 's ... less like a prison , and more like a ... An internment camp ? There 's an exercise yard , a library that you can use , and , of course , you 'll be allowed to interact with the other inmates . Sounds nice . Nicer than this place , anyway . Then we 'll arrange for your transfer . But first , we need you to sign this . It 's a consent form , giving us permission to test your tolerance for promicin . You want to see if I can get my abilities back ? We want to make absolutely sure that you can 't . The substance that your father injected you with negated your abilities , but before we can move you to another facility , we need to be positive that they 're never coming back . What if they do ? What then ? We 're prepared to deal with that contingency as well . This morning , when you were in line at the ATM , - do you rember seeing this man ? - I wasn 't really paying any attention . I was on a business call . Does NTAC cover your life insurance ? Did you notice anything unusual while you were there ? Anyone 's behavior strike you as odd ? There was this one guy . I think he was complaining about the line . How long it was taking . What did he say exactly ? He was yapping about the bank being too cheap to spring for another ATM . He 's right about that , by the way . What did he look like ? 20-something . He was wearing kind of like a baseball cap . He was just a regular guy . When do you ever notice people at banks ? Unless they 're robbing the place , right ? We got a no-show . Thank you . Mr. Kennedy ! I 'm agent Garrity , NTAC . Stop ! Okay , stairs . I made up your old room for you . Danny , why don 't you take your brother upstairs while I make some lunch ? How does a tuna melt sound ? That 's my favorite . All right ... Come on , Troy , talk to us . Why did you attack those people , huh ? You got a problem with Columbia fidelity bank , huh ? Or maybe you did it for a laugh . You think screwing with people 's heads is funny ? Is that it ? No , look , I admit I took promicin . I lost my job , I couldn 't pay off my credit cards , my girlfriend dumped me . I ... I was desperate . I took the shot to make my life better . Better , better . better how , huh ? By driving a bunch of people crazy ? They 're at Abendson psychiatric hospital , writhing around in strait-jackets . It wasn 't me , I swear . My ability 's harmless . I play music . I pick up any instrument , and I 'm like a virtuoso . Really ? Well , I 'll go home and get my clarinet . Guys ... Can you step out for a sec ? I just got off the phone with the seattle P.D. There 's been another ... I don 't even know what to call them , phobia attack ? - Pretty much says it . - Anyway , a 911 call came in , 10 minutes ago from an apartment over on lakemont . Seems the building manager has been screaming like a madman about how the place is covered in germs . We 've had kennedy in custody for hours . Then he 's not our guy , which means whoever 's doing this is still out there . Great . All right . When do you have to get the applications in ? I 've got another month or so , that 's even if I apply . What do you mean " if ? " I thought that you were going to be the next Clarence Darrow . Yeah , I thought so , too , but now , with everything that 's going on , the world 's a different place . You know , law school just seems so meaningless . Just because world 's changed doesn 't mean that you have to . Well , maybe I want to . The world 's made up of two different classes now . You got people with abilities , who are capable of amazing things , people like you , and then you got the regular schmucks , who just have to ... deal with the fact they 're a little less special than they could be . You know ... I 've been thinking about it a lot , and ... I want to take the promicin shot . Those shots are killing people . I know all about the risks . I think they 're worth it . They 're not worth it , not when you have as much to live for as you do . Think about the odds , okay ? There 's a 50-50 chance that you would be committing suicide . What are you really afraid of , Shawn ? Me dying , or me getting an ability ? Cause that 'd put us on equal footing , we can 't have that . - This isn 't about you and me . - It 's always about you and me ! I thought you 'd be excited about this . I thought you 'd be supportive , but I guess I was wrong . - Please , listen ... - Shawn . I 'm glad that you 're back I really am , but I 'm not asking for your permission . The stuff is out there , and I 'll get it , with or without your help . I have to clean . I haven 't finished . I haven 't finished . I 've got to clean . The germs are everywhere . Just stop ... don 't touch me . What happened to his hands ? Paramedics found him scrubbing them with a brillo pad . Well , I just checked his apartment . According to his records , this guy banks at Washington Prime , - and not columbia fidelity . - So this is a separate incident from the one at the bank . Or maybe he knows the victim in some other way . Let 's canvass the building , talk to the tenants , - see if we can find a link . - Right . Can I help you ? So is this about Ray ? I saw him being loaded into an ambulance . Did you see him before that ? Maybe earlier this morning ? No , but my husband did . Our bathroom faucet 's been leaking for a week , and Ray still hasn 't gotten around to fixing it . What time do you expect your husband home ? Why ? It 's not like they had a fight or anything . You know , when I was a kid , I used to play with trains , too . - Just like ... - Don 't worry , it 's not your fault . Brandon 's autistic . He likes things in a certain order . There we go . See ? It 's okay . Excuse me ? - Is this your husband ? - Yeah , that 's Ryan . Why ? Isn 't he one of the guys from the ATM line ? I think we found our link . You want me to talk to Danny ? You might be able to talk some sense into him , convince him that he 'd be , you know , crazy to take that shot . I can 't do that , Shawn . If Danny wants to take promicin , I say , give it to him . Kyle , this isn 't just some guy on the street with nothing to lose . This is my little brother . That shot could kill him . It didn 't kill me . You took promicin ? Kyle , you took promicin ? Three months ago . My hand was shaking so bad , I could barely hold the syringe , but I survived . I didn 't get an ability , but ... I survived . Since when do you care about getting an ability so much ? It 's not just about getting an ability , it 's about making a difference . What Collier 's trying to do , change this world , man ? That 's important . I wanted to be a part of that , and I bet Danny feels the same way . Kyle , I don 't think that Danny cares about Jordan , or changing the world . He 's trying to prove something to himself , or to me . It 's a jealousy thing . That may be true , but the reason doesn 't matter . If Danny wants to take the shot , I don 't think you or anyone else has a right to stop him . I 'm sorry , Tom , but Ryan Powell tested negative for promicin . I had no choice but to release him . Same with the ATM customers and the bank employees , they all came back clean . That can 't be right . Powell 's our only link between the bank victims and Ray Haugen . You 're telling me that 's just a coincidence ? I don 't know what it is . But Ryan Powell didn 't take promicin , he doesn 't have an ability , and he 's not the guy we 're looking for . Did you lose a filling or something ? My tooth ... It just fell out . Jed , there 's nothing in your hand . Just calm down , calm down . Get somebody in here . This is Meghan Doyle . I need a medical team up here right away . I 'm coming apart ! - Don 't let me die ! - It 's okay ... Somebody , get in here ! Aren 't you going to say hello ? You headed some place in particular , or were you combing the city hoping to find me . Where have you been , huh ? That school you said you were going to ? I went there . They never heard of you . Does it really matter where I go to school ? The important thing is Shawn 's okay . He is , isn 't he ? How 'd you know the promicin would wake him up ? - Who are you ? - Come on , I think you know that . What 's that supposed to mean ? Huh , what 's that supposed to mean ? You said you wanted answers . I 'll take you to them . Are you coming or not ? He looks fine to me . Oh , trust me , he 's not . Well , I don 't understand . You 've been together all day . Yeah , pretty much . The bank , the apartment building . We had contact with the same people . That 's a bit odd , isn 't it ? That he would be affected and not you ? It was that kid . It was that kid , Diana . It has to be . When we were at Ryan Powell 's apartment , I was interviewing the wife . Garrity spoke to the son . He 's autistic . He started screaming at him and rocking back and forth . That 's when it happened . It has to be . Jess , come on . Come on . Come on , please ! Just ... let 's get out of here . Just throw some stuff together and let 's go . Brandon what do you say buddy ? Wanna go on a little road trip ? We 're not going anywhere . Just tell me why NTAC is after you . It 's not me they 're after . It 's Brandon . Why ? Brandon hasn 't done anything wrong . Has he ? I swear , I was only trying to help him . Okay , Jess , just I ... I did ... something . I couldn 't tell you . I 'm sorry . You did something ? You gave him one of those shots . You gave him one of those shots ? You bastard ! What did you do to my son ? Baby ... You 're too late . They 're gone . Where are they , Mr. Powell ? I don 't know where Jess is taking him . She didn 't tell me . We need to find your son before he hurts anyone else . Where are they ? Do you know what it 's like to have a ... son who won 't ... hug you , or smile at you ? Won 't even ... Won 't even look you in the eye ? Clear . Is that why you gave him promicin ? I thought if Brandon got an ability , it would make him better , at least help him to communicate . I don 't even know what my own son is thinking , or feeling , you know ? That 's no way for a kid to live . All he does is ... play with that goddamn train . Mr. Powell , we 're going to need you to think . Where would your wife have taken Brandon ? Look , I didn 't mean for any of this to happen . Please ... Please none of this is his fault . He doesn 't know . He has no idea what he 's doing . If anybody 's to blame , it 's me . So your wife ... She didn 't know you injected him ? Are you kidding me ? 50-50 ? She 'd never agree to that . But you were willing to take the risk . I see other parents ... with their own kids , and the warmth , and the joking around ... I wanted some of that . I ... I wasn 't trying to kill Brandon . She has to believe that . I just ... I just ... I just wanted him to have the chance at a ... at a normal life . Thank you for your cooperation , Mrs. Tyler . We 'll be in contact shortly . - Get me a copy of the lab report . - Is that all ? We 're done ? Did I pass ? Hello ! Well , you wanted answers , Kyle . You 'll find them in there . Are you coming with me ? It 's better if I don 't . What do you know about white light ? Not too much , actually . My great-grandfather founded the group back in 1918 . Even at its height , the membership never exceeded a few dozen people . The whole thing only lasted a few years . They all died . Burned to death in a fire . What did these people believe ? They believed that a messiah would return from the dead and lead the world to salvation . Not the proudest branch on my family tree . But people are interested in this stuff , so I keep it around . This was their scripture , and this ... was the messiah they were waiting for . Yeah , that looks like Jordan Collier . You 're not the first person to ... mention a resemblance . I don 't know , maybe . Feel free to ... thumb through the book if you 'd like . A few of the chapters are too charred to read , and one of them is written in a ... Oh , I don 't know , a code or something , but there 's enough for you to get the gist . That 's great , thank you . Oh , Brandon ... Please , not now , okay ? Um ... are you hungry , honey ? Do you want a snack ? Uh .. No ? Okay . Uh ... how about your train ? You want your train ? I got your train right here , sweetie , okay ? Honey , I 've got your train over here . Brandon , please not now . XX , mommy . Brandon , I 've got your train , sweetie . Come on , come on . Do you see them ? are they gone ? Is what gone ? The snakes ! They 're here somewhere , I know it . Don 't let them get me , please ! Mrs. Powell , just calm down . Everything 'll be okay , I promise . Did you see the direction your son was headed , Mrs. Powell ? No , I must 've blacked out . When I opened my eyes , he was gone . You have to find him . Please you have to find him . He 's out there all alone . He must be so scared ! All right , Mrs. Powell . If you were Brandon , if you were your son , where would you go ? Hey , Diana ! Hey , kid , shouldn 't you be at home ? Where are your parents , bud ? Do they know you 're out here ? Whoa , buddy . Take it easy . Take it easy ! So , what did you think ? Pretty interesting reading , huh ? That 's why you brought me here , to read that book ? A messiah who rises from the dead , who passes out a sacred elixir that changes the world ? I know that sounds just like Jordan Collier , and that healer who lays his hands upon the sick ? I 'm guessing that 's supposed to be Shawn . Don 't forget about the shaman , whose visions guide the messiah down the path to enlightenment . Want to take a stab at who that is ? The shaman is you , Kyle . Me ... I know it might sound a little intimidating ... Intimidating ? Try insane . All right , I admit that book got few things right , about Jordan , about promicin , but the rest of it 's kind of vague , there 's that whole chapter that 's in code . What about the part that says , the messiah will show us the face of god ? " And all will know his face , " and he will smile down upon us " and walk among us , " and the earth and heaven will be as one ... " And Collier 's gonna make that happen , huh ? With your help . It 's a prophecy , Kyle . I don 't believe that . Look , you helped me wake up my cousin . For that , I am grateful , but this is over . No , Kyle , it 's just beginning . Look , this cult , " white light " it 's still around , isn 't it ? You 're one of them . You 're trying to use Jordan to start some kind of crazy religious revival ? I won 't be a part of that . - You already are ... - I don 't want to hear anymore . Just stay the hell away from me . What changed your mind ? Nothing changed my mind . I don 't agree with taking promicin . I think it 's a mistake . 50-50 , those are lousy odds . But you were right about one thing , it 's your decision , and I don 't want you getting arrested trying to find the stuff yourself . They 're throwing people in jail , Danny , no trial . I don 't get it . You were with Collier from the beginning . He put this out there . I mean ... if you don 't agree with it , where does that leave you and him ? I wish Jordan had buried that stuff somewhere . These abilities cause as many problems as they solve . Just do me a favor , okay , and just hold off for a while . Maybe if you read the paper for the next few weeks , law school won 't seem so bad . Yeah , okay . I can do that . Please , don 't look at me ! I don 't like people looking at me ! Okay , I 'm going to call this in . Don 't worry , sir , we 're gonna get you help . Are there going to be people there ? I don 't like people seeing me . At least Brandon 's giving us a trail to follow . I hate that we have to sedate him , but I don 't know how else to get him back into NTAC . I 'm starting to remember why I gave this job up in the first place . Diana , I wish there was another way , but his ability 's too much of a threat . If only Jordan Collier wasn 't the most wanted man in the world . He could take his ability away , couldn 't he ? We can 't cure him of his ability , but maybe there 's a way we can help him control it . It 's okay , Brandon . Everything 's going to be okay . Can we just do this , please ? He 's been given the inhibitor , so hopefully there won 't be any kind of danger , but there 's still some risk involved . So if you want to back out , we 'd understand . It 's not that , it 's just ... I haven 't healed anyone in months , and autism is developmental . I haven 't had a lot of success with that in the past . But you will try ? Yeah . Is that it ? Did it work ? Brandon ? Brandon , look at me . Da ... Da ... Da ... Dad . That 's right . I 'm your dad . That ... That was incredible . I forgot how much I liked this . Look at you . I can give you a few minutes , Mr. Powell , but then I 'm afraid you 're gonna have to come with us . My son has been ... in a prison his entire life . I 'm happy to trade places with him . Your test results came back . Whatever you were given to take away your abilities , it induced a permanent allergy to promicin . if you were to take the shot , it would be fatal . You will never get your abilities back , Miss Tyler . Does that mean I 'm getting out of here ? The transfer should take place within two weeks . Does this how you spend your saturdays ? Most nights , too . I thought you might want to hear some good news . Dr. Clayton says the people Brandon affected , they 're beginning to show signs of improvement . You think putting him on the inhibitor had something to do with it ? As soon as we muted his ability , their symptoms began to dissipate , which means Garrity should be back in rotation soon . Unless you 'd prefer to stick with Skouris . Look , nothing against jed , but if Diana 's gonna be around , she 's my partner . So what happens to Brandon now ? As long as his mother brings him in for weekly injections of the inhibitor , he should be able to live a fairly normal life ... More normal than he has up to now anyway . That was an amazing thing your nephew did . Yeah , these abilities people get , they come in handy sometimes . It 's worth remembering . So is it really her ? Alana ? I keep trying to convince myself it 's not , but , yeah , it 's her , and all I can think about is how do I get her back . Maybe all you can do is ... let her go . I really need to take this . Dr. Sawyer ? The news isn 't good . - Your father 's had a relapse . - Pneumonia ? His breathing 's been severely compromised . He 's beaten this before . I know , but I think it 's time we start preparing ourselves for the inevitable . I 'm sorry . How did you get in here ? It was easy . Where you go , I go . You 're stalking me now , is that it ? Come on , Kyle , think . I don 't go to the art institute . There 's no record of me anywhere . I show up wherever I want to . What does that tell you ? You up for some dinner ? I don 't feel like eating alone tonight . Dad , I want you to meet Cassie . Who 's Cassie ? Is she someone you met at work ? You find yourself a girlfriend already ? Well , that would be a little bit awkward . See , I 'm not what you 'd call real . I 'm Kyle 's ability . Hey , I ... I don 't mean to pry . Sorry . You should bring her by the house some time . So ... we on for dinner ? Yeah . Yeah , just give me a couple of minutes , okay ? Yeah . Great .
