 Looking sweet mama Give us a piece of that man Hey there Come on sweet heart Don 't be shy Actually I 'm of the clock Check the street Shut up Shss I 'll do anything Anything Please let me go Please No please no Go What Before I change my mind I changed my mind Oh god Oh god Home early sir ? Something came up I 'll be happy to pick up dinner I was just on my way out to get those books you ordered They can wait Under the weather again sir Mrs Pool This work I have been doing You know how important it is to me Don 't wish to be disturbed of course I 'll see to it you have complete privacy in the labratory as usual Bragging about our no 1 nurologist I know I know I 'm sorry Then your on show for the residents orientation I 'll make it up to you I 'll except all your invetations to your boring dinner parties for an entire year It 's this outside research project your working on isn 't it How 's it coming I 'm not sure What ever it is you know i encourage it it 's good for the hospital Well I also need you to fullfill your duties here Mrs Goldstein is asking for you again she refuses to be examined by anyone else Dr. Jekyll Oh , tell Mrs Goldstein I 'll be there as soon as I can Well look at you ... Look like you haven 't slept in a week How you been Oh wel , I just some coffee please black and some asprin if you have it Glad you called Gabe Well the truth I 've been worried about you What you up too Just been caught up in a pet project What 's her name So How is the gallery these days Wonderfull A headache It should be ... the opening tonight The opening Yeah , you got the invitation didn 't you No no , I must have threw it out You sure Emily 's memory Yeah it 's her last series of work She would want you there Well I I wouldn 't miss it for the world A young women found stabbed last night Now police have yet to release any details But many fear it is the latest in a series of brutal murders that have gripped the city We have a reporter on the scene now . We go live to his location Been out there two months What kind of monster would do this I 'll be right back Emily called that " Lonley Woman " Toward the end When she woke up you were always there Always there to take care of her Well she is still here Feel her every where I ought to go Oh no no , stay here . I 'll get you a drink Enjoy yourself Hey You enjoying the show ? Yes I 've got a friend I would like you to meet I 've locked the exterior door - When should I ... - Not untill morning Even if I beg Of course I understand No ! Henry where were you last night ? Why ? What are you doing right now ? Well I 'm just on my way to see an artist . What 's going on ? Gabe I 'm in trouble ... I need your help Well it 's a legal matter it 's complicated Don 't you have your own lawyer ? She 'd ask to many questions I 'm having trouble following you Henry - All your contacts , you seem to know everyone I was hoping you would refer me to ... - Another lawyer Or one who discreate who I can trust Who can get things done quickly How worried should I be ? Please do this for me Actually I do know someone Don 't worry about the appeal or filing custody We 'll figure that out later ... I 'll call you tomorrow Hi Hi Ah , sorry about the way I am ... - You must be ... - Dr Jekyll Nice to meet you Please Come in I 'd like to tell you it 's not always like this but I appreciate you meeting with me on such short notice Gabe 's such a great guy Though , I 'm a little suprised As you can see , you are not my usual clientel . Please sit That 's the least of my worries - You made it sound urgent ... - It is Well , then how can I help you Doctor ? That ... That girl they found strangled two days ago This belonged to her How did you ? Well , apparently I took it as a souveneer I 'm sorry I ... After I ... the others too . I 'm the one who 's responsible That 's not funny I want to plead guilty I want to wave trial I want to be sentenced as quickly as possible Hold on wait a minute Your a dear friend of Gabe 's right You are a respected physicion and your telling me Can you help me or not ? Look I 'm not the best person for this Someone who has more experiance who specialises criminal defence that 's who you should be talking too No no no Gabe he told me to come here he would not have sent me here if you if you were not the right person Look even if I believed you You just can 't do it , um ... It just isn 't done this way Why ? For one thing Most people who confess to such herendus crimes didn 't do it Look six people are dead And I 'm telling you , I 'm the one who did it What can be gained by discussing options except to try and find some technicality to try and get me off Look obviously I don 't have expertease in this area but there could be midigating circumstances I 'm not looking for a deal This could mean the difference between a life sentence and the death penalty This was a mistake Look I can give you the name of someone backed up by an excelent firm with clout and resources to handle something like this Thank you for your time No .. No .. What are you , crazy ? This will help you to sleep Mr Manion I 'll be back to check on you in a little while You remember me ? I know I am unforgetable Don 't take it personally You were just in the wrong place at the wrong time Let me tell you how it 's going to feel First , there will be a wave of panic When I turn off the machine measuring your vital signs Then when I cut the I.V. supply , your blood pressure will drop , you might even feel a metalic taste in your mouth . Are you suprised I know all this Which brings us to the vetilator now when I disable it ... You ... Well its hard to describe so why don 't I just show you Yes Hi I 'm here to see Dr Jekyll I 'm afraid he 's not in Do you happen to know where he is ? He 's not at work If you would like to leave your name I 'll be happy to give him a message Please Let him know I was here It concerns a matter he came to see me about yesterday Tell him I think I can help Thank you Wait Come in Please wait here What are you doing He said to go away You 'll have to leave Okay Will do it your way Thank you I will still have to know what happened You wouldn 't believe me A Harvard educated physician , who saves lives by day and takes them by night How much more dificult to believe can it be May I ... May I ask you a personal question ? I 'd prefer to talk about you If you were forced to choose , would you call yourself good or evil ? Good I guess Yet you 've had evil thoughts and occcasionaly acted on them Haven 't we all Well , you see it 's something that I 've always been facinated with ever since I can remember that how On an intrinsic level it seems we have two distinct selfs within us one good one bad each Struggling for control And as a doctor , I ... I wonder could it be the key to understanding the very nature of health and illness well for years it was just a private theory one I kept to myself Then a year ago something amazing happened it changed all that as if It were meant to be When I was in the amazon deep in the rain forest Treating remote tribes I came across a Shamon who worshiped a rare flower He believes it caused the sole to seperate Allowing the dark self to escape allowing the light self to heal Like nothing I had ever seen before Later i took a blood sample from the Shamon and tested it Even his genetic makeup had changed I had to find the flower I 'd finally succeeded in isolating its psycotropic properties A catolist to trigger the effect The question was what For months it was all I could think about A blinding obsession The more I searched for the answer The more out of reach it seemed Then just as I was about to quit ... Edward ... Hyde That 's what he calls himself Even has a name At first only taking the serum would make him emerge and I could control him and the experiment Then he became more violent stronger and began appearing at will How often Every week or two in the begining Always at night And then With increasing frequency the more I tried to suppress him which triggered his erge to kill I see You don 't believe me ? Do you think im making this up ? If I 'm going to be your lawyer then it doesnt matter what I personaly believe I 'll prepare a statment of facts Then we 'll arrange for to turn yourself in I 'll have you committed for 24 hours Committed A psychiatric ward I 'm afraid something might happen again Yes , it 's awful about Mr Lanion I have no idea if and when he 'll be back You said he had a heart attack About a week ago That 's him right there Here it is 212 Battery St. , Apartment 4F It says , it was leased to Edward Hyde and was paid for by Henry Jekyll Why is that ? Sorry I 'm just a temp I don 't suppose you have an extra key Gosh ! I dont know if I can ... No , it 's okay . I 'm Henry Jekyll 's atorney Well , I guess it 's okay I think they keep the keys in the back How can you send him to me Why ? What 's he done ? You say you know him so well how well I 've known him many years he treated my wifes tumor What about mental illness Any history I mean As far as I know .. No . Drug abuse Delusions Abnormal behaviour of any kind Claire Henry is the most peaceful person I know Well then he 's covering up for someone Ever heard of a person named Edward Hyde Who Nevermind Your busy , I 've taken enough of your time But , you are going to help him aren 't you ? I don 't know I 'm not sure , I want to get involved Did you miss me ? I mean what a way to treat a dear friend First locks on the door And the looney bin Can 't be So ungrateful To be given the freedom to experience the darkest thrills of the human soul without anyone suspecting You 're not real Oh well , you see your wrong You 're lucky I still need you around or you 'd have been gone a long time ago What do you want Stop being a baby Suck it up You realize that only by excepting me can you finally except yourself I 'm not you No I 'm a good man Boring That 's why your here Your all in my head Testing myself Just think of all the good times we had You remember our first kill that moment of surrender it was so sweet I can take control You can 't even tell that lawyer girl friend of yours what you think you want to do to her because you can 't Stop it Make me No more Hey You okay ? Still come up empty - D.N.A ? - Doesn 't match anything in our data banks Prints Deformed like the others .. Maybe cuts the skin off his finger tips And nothing yet on that area we searched ? Wonderful I think we got some thing An earing was found matching one the last victim was wearing Where ? In a alley behind a apartment building on battery Anyone talk to the tennants ? This could be a coincidence , but a lady on the fourth floor said she saw a women running from an appartment last night looking scared Do we have an appartment number ? Getting a search warrant as we speak Good Hi , You 've reached the office of Claire Wheaton , please leave me message after the tone ... I um .. I need a favour What happened to you Henry , you look terrible Here What is this ? If anything should happen to me , I want you too open it . But only then every thing you need to do is inside What kind of trouble are you in ? I need to make sure that it doesn 't fall into the wrong hands Henry No questions , no questions I have no idea what is going on with you ... Please Please Just ... promise me Promise me that you will do this for me Yes Oh ! What happened ? Mr Hyde was here again last night After you left , I left him alone as you instructed Well he 's unwell We shouldn 't prevoke him The police called The police ? They had some questions about the apartment you rent for your cousin And what did you tell them ? Nothing It 's strange that too people from the same family can be so different I 'm sorry Yes Police ! Freeze ! Hold it right there Henry Jekyll ? Police We have a warrent for your arrest Put that down If you had stayed there like you promised Wasn 't like I had a choice Oh and what am i supposed to believe it was this other person who escaped not you Hyde , I told you his name is Hyde And Hyde knows I 'm helping you thats why he attacked me last night - What ... - After I found his place I saw all the things he took from you So who is he ? Why are you protecting him ? Claire , you 're in danger Why do you keep pretending with me Before it was random now he 's doing everything he can to stay alive I can 't help you this way - I can feel him .. I can feel him .. - Did you hear me As long as I 'm alive even prison won 't be enought to stop him I need the antidote What ? The one I 've been working on I finally figured it out just before the police arrested me By antidote you mean ... It 's in my lab , in a siringe you have to help me get it it 's my only hope Is it just me your trying to convince or do you have some other plan I don 't know about ? You still don 't believe me ? It 's getting harder harder Changing into another person was not a metaphore How can you possibly know what it 's like to feel someone else inside of you He discusts me he defiles me Let 's start over , okay ? Why don 't we pretend you just walked into my office What ? Plead guilty you will be tried and sentenced as quickly as possible I 'm going to honor your request Fine Anything else ? No Then I 'll see you at the plea hearing tomorrow What are we looking for ? Right here That 's where Hyde attacked me Oh my god , Claire If we could only find him This is enough Get of this case I 'm not getting of the case Look , I know I refered him to you What ever this is if anything happens to you Wait a minute Maybe were being watched Security is tight surounding the trial as you can see behind me it is ab ... .. The overall feeling here today is one of relief ... While many people here remain shocked at such a distinguished doctor and respected member of the community could have committed such herendus crimes All rise Please be seated Mr Mendez Your honor Is the defence ready Yes , your honor Very well Regarding the defendants plea Your honor if I may , I 'd like to move for a continuance On what grounds ? New evidence which might have a bearing on my clients plea What are you doing ? Objection your honor , any thing relivent to this case should have been handed over to us , prior to this hearing I found out about it last night And I 'm supposed to believe that ? Well , regarding this new evidence consular you 'll share it with the district attorney immediately And be prepared to enter a plea first thing in the morning Court is ajurned until then To plead guilty thats all I want Well , that 's it ? It 's a guy in a hood , so what ? What if he 's actualy the one who killed all these people For god sake Wheaton your clients signed a full confesion We found blood from three diferent victims in his house To say nothing of the D.N.A. evidence linking him to every one of the crime scenes come on Well there is someone else involved and his name is Edward Hyde There is no Edward Hyde and you know it Look , I know you suckered me into this delay but you are going to have to do better than this hail mary you pulled of some grainy skid row security camera Listen Given the bazar elements of the case I think we both know I can make an insanity defence stick What do you want ? To bring this guy in If it turns out to be nothing my client will plead guilty accross the board No conditions You have my word His name is Walter Swain " The Crack Head " Not exactly what you call reliable But he recognised Hyde from the security camera Sort of possibly maybe that 's the best we could get out of him All right , cut him loose What ! You cant hold him ? On what charge Well , at least let me ask him a few questions No I think we have pursed this avenue sufficently You remember the deal Now , if you will excuse me I have a plea hearing to reschedule Unbelievable Excuse me ! Excuse me ! What now ? You people have harassed me enough already I 'm not the police I 'm an Attorney Well what ever your selling I 'm not interested It 's about Edward Hyde So you do know him Yeah , from a bar , I think We talked once , that 's it Look I need to find him Do you know where he is ? Listen please someone 's life is at stake He said the cops were after him he didn 't say why Said he was going to lay low for a while You know where he is Some place safe That 's all he said . Anyway , I 've gotta go If he contacts you Or , if you remember any thing else Call me I already told you everything Just in case So we have a problem Don 't worry you got your plea It 's your client Dr Innocent Just slit his wrists Who is it Yesterday at the police station you gave me a card What do you want Well , ah ... You get me out of this place and I 'll get you something on what 's his name Alright Yeah , exactly I 'm listening It 's about his landlord According to Hyde the dude saw something he wasn 't supposed to see What No idea All he said was he didn 't have to do much the guy just killed over Like a heart attack ? I didn 't ask but a ... Let 's just say I wasnt feeling the love This landlord His name wasn 't Manion , was it ? How the hell should I know ? Listen to me I can get you out of whatever mess you got yourself into but , you 're going to have to help me We have a deal Deal Hi Mrs Manion .. Claire . I just want to say how sorry I am Thank you Did you know my husband Not very well It just seems so sudden Do you mind me asking just what happened Complications from a heart attack I heard he had heart problems Just wonder was it that off Do you know it was very odd I 'd never seen him that way he was like a frightened child What do you mean Well , just before he slipped into the coma He said the oddest thing At first I thought he was delirious but ... He said he could feel eyes boring into him Cold , hipnotic Eyes Of a man ... As he lay there in that alley where they found him He said he saw a man change into someone else Right there in front of him Pure evil Thank you Can we have some privacy , please ? I 've requested that you 'd been taken off the case Listen I made a mistake Please just give me a second chance Please I 'm begging you . I know that you were telling me the truth I don 't care anymore and it 's better that I get the death sentence Listen to me If a killer takes a hostage who he forces to come along with him while committing his crimes that hostage can 't be blamed Who cares ? I care Look , honestly what ever guilt you feel hear your innocent , Hyde did it It 's like you said He 's a different body person and soul Well , it 's too late . The only way I can get rid off him is by dying And I just want to die Do you remember me alone and unforgiven Shut up shut up Oh Look at you Why ? Why did you do this to me ? You wanted me ... Don 't take me away from him . I liked you Claire I liked you Very much Please Are you okay ? I 'm okay We have all been waiting for the day when doctor Jekyll is expected to enter his plea . Will it be guilty or not guilty ? Thank you How do you feel ? I feel great Did he come back ? No No , he is ... He 's gone Can I trust you ? Well I ... I 've always told you the truth Your going to have to trust me now Will the defendant please rise To each of the six charges of first degree murder How do you plead Not guilty your honor Order Order in the court Order Insanity defence , good luck ... Who said anything about insanity ? So , doctor how would you define dissociate identity disorder ? It 's a condition in where a single individual evidences two or more distinct personalities Each with its own patterns of perceving and interacting with the enviroment Now in your own profesional experience Do patients ever pretend to sufer from this condition Yes , usualy within a legal context as part of an insanity defence What if the problem of diagnosing D.I.D is that there is no way to objectively prove that the condition exists No objective way of prooving it exists so if I get this right doctor , then this Mr Hyde of whom I may add have no records not even a social security number He could be a complete and total fabrication of Dr Jekyll Yes So Mr Swane how many times did you see Mr Hyde ? - Why ? We hung out in bars and stuff . - So you could identify Mr Hyde if you ever saw him again Yeah , sure Have you ever seen the defendant Dr Jekyll No Could he be mistaken for Mr Hyde ? Yeah , it 's funny yeah ... I guess he could But , He 's nothing like the guy I 'm talking about When you see his eyes once ... your never going to forget them - So , this Mr Hyde , he exsists ? - Yeah , he 's for real Were you under the influence Mr Swane when you supposedly saw this supposed Mr Hyde Yeah , no , ah ... maybe Yeah , no , maybe Okay Thank you so much for your cooperation Sometimes Very late at night I could hear the voice of this other person yelling and screaming It was terrifying Did you ever meat Mr Hyde ? Yes Once Just an evil person I could see it in his face . I knew that he was there to harm ... Dr Jekyll And there was nothing I could do We recovered D.N.A. left on each victim At each of the crime scenes on each of the murder weapons All were found to contain the same genetic markers All matching the defendent All And what are the odds Mr Fowler , that these markers can belong to someone anyone other than the defendant Approximately 170 million to one Really It 's what hes devoted to preserving lives Not taking them And you know this because He did everything in his power to save my wife She didn 't have much hope maybe six months to live Then he helped her to die with grace and dignity And it was more than just doctors skills , compassion she trusted him right to the end Henry Jekyll the Henry Jekyll I know Could never do these horrible things Well what 's the deal they offered How bad Guilty By reason of insanity in exchange for twenty to life without parole Or take your chances with the jury Which I can feel I 'm loosing And risk a death sentence What does Henry say ? Only that he trusts me So what do I do ? What are your instincts tell you ? My instincts have been wrong before Look what ever you decide , don 't give up on Henry I 'd like to call my client to the stand Dr Jekyll why did confess to crimes you 've never committed ? The experiments that I carry out for my research ... involve injestion of psycotropic substances They provoke extream reactions Psycological and physical . I had a moment of doubt I might have been the one responsible for these ... crimes So am I to understand you had a moment of confusion Yes Dr Jekyll Do you know Mr Hyde ? Yes I do know Mr Hyde How would you discribe him ? To me , Mr Hyde is ... an enigma I don 't how he found me ... or why he ever came to my home . I don 't think I 'll realy ever understand But ... What I do know is that When I emerge from this very uncomfortable journey I was accused of murders that he seemed to have committed . Thank you No further questions After all the twists and turns , this trial has taken the outcome at this point seems to be quite uncertain What to wait and see whether the defence or the prosecution has any more tricks up there sleeves Thank you Thank you , Claire . I ... Listen , don 't thank me yet . It 's uh .. It 's not over . Oh , it doesn 't matter . I 'm free from him For what I wanted What ever happens now , can 't change that Good Cause I 'm not finished yet Your honor we 'd like to recall The States D.N.A. expert Mr Fowler Mr Fowler Isn 't it true there are sections of human D.N.A. that are unique to each individual There called polymorphic fragments they very in shape from person to person So esentualy D.N.A. profiling is the process of seperating an individuals unique polymorphic fragments From those all of others ? That 's right You ever heard of one person having two unique sets of polymorphic fragments ? By definition that would be impossible Why is that ? Because the genetic coding of each persons polymorphic fragments is entirly unique to that person I 'm sorry Mr Fowler in that case , why is Henry Jekyll on trial here instead of Edward Hyde ? Objection your honor Jekyll and Hyde are one in the same person Well , that is false your honor .. um .. Henry Jekyll and Mr Hyde are two different persons What makes you say that consular ? Because , according to samples taken by the police from Hydes ' apartment , the D.N.A. of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde are not the same . What It 's a fact your team missed Mr Fowler Why was that ? Because he was so convinced that Henry Jekyll and Mr Hyde were the same person He carelessly failed to compare there D.N.A. Only one person fits the exact profile of the killer and that person is Mr Edward Hyde . It 's all in your report , Mr Fowler . Thank you No further questions . Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , You herd the testimonies attesting to Dr Jekyll 's charecter . He is the opposit of a killer . He is a healer . And a man of vision , and a man of compassion . The truth is simple Convicting him beyond any reasonable doubt would mean disregarding any definition of what constitutes a human being . His D.N.A. The D.N.A. found at the scenes of these barbaric crimes do not belong to Dr Jekyll But to another man Dr Jekyll can 't be held responsible for these herendus acts The one and only person guilty is Mr Edward Hyde Ladies and gentlemen The killer is still out there And he 's ready to strike again Thank you Almost three hours now well , two hours 43 minutes to be exact Since the jury began its deliberations and given the lateness of the hour , it is unlikely a verdict will be decided until Wait We are just getting word now that the jury is back and we will bring you all the details as soon as they are available Will the defendant please rise In the matter of The State versus Hnry Jekyll We. the jury find the defendent Not guilty . Order in the court . Thank you . How 's it feel ? Strange To get your life back Well , to now I 'm finaly myself again I assume you want that envelope back Envelope ? Yeah , when you gave me in case Oh ! Right . Oh well , you can throw it away - You sure ? - Better yet burn it , forget he even gave it to you . - I 'm sorry - No , it 's okay , really . No , it 's what you said . What I said ? You said .. He .. - Forget he gave it to you . - Did I ? Well , I meant me , who else would I mean ? Gabe ... Come on , you don 't think I had to ask Guess you have every right after all that 's happened But as my dearest friend in the whole wide world I should know , don 't you think ? And .. Ah .. You look hungry . And it 's on me Always , always Hello Hey Hi , uh ... What a nice surprise - Am I catching you at the bad time - No , just another day at the office Low pay and same hours I 've been meaning to call I never got a chance to truly thank you Well , I 'm just glad every thing worked out So , what have you been doing with yourself ? You back at work ? No .. No .. I 'm not ready yet Well , I feel ashamed to be a free man Yeah , I guess that will take some time Yeah - Anyway I should let you go - No , listen ... Um .. I have somewhere I have to be , but .. Do you want to grab a cup of coffee ? I guarantee you will have a bad time I 'm extremely boring outside of work Well , I guess we have something in common . Yeah . So I .. I have to go home afterwards but if you wanted to meet me there , if you don 't mind - No , no .. Of course not . - Okay . - Then , I will give you my address - Claire ... Yeah ? Thank you . I 'm coming . Hello Claire . Henry .
