 Everything started in the fire , the primordial fire . The fire from Hell , like in the mouth of the dragon . Just like in a tale . But if tales have something to teach us , it 's not that the dragon exists but that he can be defeated . Like in a tale , I 'll start with " once upon a time " ... Once upon a time ... a small deep space station , next to a hellhole called Dante . If someday people study our story , they 'll probably say that it began with the arrival of space shuttle n ยบ2 . But in fact , everything had been written a long time ago . A very long time ago . Since the dawn of times probably . Welcome to Dante 01 . I hope that your wakening went well . Join us as soon as you 'll be ready . I am ... No need , you are Charon , head of the station . Since you 're so well informed , you shouldn 't have any trouble finding the control centre . - Hello . - Hello . So that 's the famous nave of the lunatics ? Is that how you 're calling them back at the company ? - You 're wrong , they 're ... - Criminals , ill persons . All volunteers to test our treatments . I know them well , I studied their files before coming . Who can claim to know men ? - Let 's say that it 's part of our work . - Do you know each other ? Who doesn 't know our mentor ? Your work on criminal psychobiology is still the authority at the Neurinos . My name is Elisa . Why were you sent to this antechamber of hell ? I 've been sent here to test new treatments on the convicts . I 'll tell you the rules of our little world . The confinement quarters are on the floors just below us . Look , the new guy . He 's going to meet his new mates soon . We can track them all the time with the beacon system . It 's our dear Raspoutine who seems decided to make his move . Look , that 's him there , Raspoutine . God answered my prayers . God never abandon his children . God ... Could you stop raving for a moment Raspoutine ! This man , he came to save us . No one will save us my poor Raspoutine . Saint Georges will , the dragonslayer . There 's no dragon around here . - And who told you his name ? - God told me . Look ! Man with little faith ! God ... Wouldn 't it be someone from upstairs instead ? Did you change your name to Judas , Raspoutine ? - Servant of God . - It 's better for you . If you happened to have the bad idea of betraying us , you 'd meet your god sooner than expected . What 's your name ? Not very talkative ? Good ! We have enough chatterboxes as it is . Saint Georges ! His name is Saint Georges ! When you have something on your mind ... All right with Saint Georges . Attila , did you get the data I asked you for ? Don 't worry baby , I 'm working on it . There 's no emergency , right ? That 's enough ! Don 't forget that you 're a prisoner . Stop acting like a small time chief , Charon . Do you really want me to remove your access to the network ? You wouldn 't do that , you need me way too much ! If they learned up there that you gave me this gear , you 'd get a proper dressing-down ! I want to know why they sent us a shuttle without warning . Search the files of this Elisa and keep an eye on the new guy too . Gentlemen , our newcomer . The one who 's eating so elegantly is Moloch . Moloch ! The other one is Lazare . And what 's his name ? I still haven 't heard the sound of his voice . I 'll tell you the basic rules of our little world . Obey them and we 'll leave you alone . Do you understand ? Does he hear what I 'm saying ? Do you hear what I 'm saying ? That 's where I listen to what they 're talking about in the ansafone . - Funny name . - It 's the term used by the inmates . Don 't you have a screen to watch their behavior ? No need to remind you that we 're living in an enclosed environment . We 're aware of the slightest creaking , the slightest whisper . If there was video monitoring , our patients wouldn 't confide as they do . The ansafone is their only space of freedom . The others call him Bouddha . Many victims , he said that he killed them out of compassion . He still has outbursts . But it 's nothing compared to his fits of anger when he arrived . He 's often lying to sleep , meditate as he says . Don 't you want to see the newcomer ? Fucking answer ! We don 't know much about the new guy who came with you in the shuttle . He was found covered in blood in a drifting long-distance spaceship . He was alone on board . - Do you know his identity ? - No . The black boxes were so fried that we didn 't get any information . Why did you bring him here ? The Neurinos wants the new treatments to be tested in space . What new treatments ? We 'll talk about that later if you want . You see ? Look at me ! Look at me ! It 's your card . You can have 3 meals a day with it . Don 't lose it . Tell that to Moloch . - 3 meals ain 't enough for him . - He 'll try to steal your card . Won 't you , honey ? 3 meals a day ain 't enough ! That 's enough now ! Do you want to give them a reason to gas us ? Sit , Moloch ! Never keep them out of sight . This is nothing , just routine . They calm down quickly when Cesar can intervene . Did you put him in charge of the group ? No , the convicts won 't accept anything forced on them . I 'd rather have them organize as they see fit , as long as they don 't kill each other . But sometimes we act too late , unfortunately . Maybe if you applied the protocols to the letter you 'd have less casualties . Life isn 't limited to protocols . I was looking for you everywhere . So you 're the newcomer ? What 's your name ? I 'm Bouddha , what about you ? Don 't you want to answer ? You 're in pain , aren 't you ? You know ... I know the way to relief . I can send you to the other side if you want . Where there 's no more pain . It 's always the same thing , Bouddha , everytime ! As soon as a new guy arrives , he can 't think of anything better than chocking him to death . - I only wanted to help him . - Don 't be ridiculous ! The only thing exciting you is to send your fellow man to kingdom come , not to help him . You 're not the one who decides who must die here , is that clear ? It 's clear ... - Is that clear ? - It 's clear ... It 's clear Cesar , crystal clear . Catch him ! What 's going on again ? Bouddha , he tried to strangle the newcomer . They 're going to settle him this time . - Let 's intervene . - Following what procedure ? A raid . Anaesthetic gas first , 5 minutes to put them to sleep . Then we have one hour to take our samples and we bring Bouddha to the treatment room . It will be useless , he doesn 't react well to treatments . Do you have anything better to suggest ? Maybe it 's a good time to try my new protocols . What is it about exactly ? Nanotechnology . Intelligent programs trying to neutralize chromosomal dysfunctions . Do you really believe that all you have to do to solve the mysteries of the human brain is to fix pieces of DNA ? Oh yes , the famous Liberation by the Word . That 's how you 're calling your therapy . What do you prefer ? To look for new ways with the risk of being wrong or to stay on well-known paths ? Neither , we 're looking for effective and exploitable solutions . It 's really not the time to argue about such things . - We 'll try your new treatment . - Without me . Well ... CR , BR , that 's it , they 're sleeping , you can go . - What if the convicts wake up ? - Impossible , it never happened . They would have to hold their breath for 10 minutes to not inhale the gas . It 's funny , I think it 's the first time that I come to this room without Persephone . Maybe we should give him more anaesthetic , if he wakes up we 'll have a hard time handling him . No need , the straps here are strong . Good ! - What are you waiting for to put him to sleep ? - Wait ! Wait , he 's calming down ! We have to wait for the program to act . Bring him back to his quarters . It 's you ? Is that you who saved me ? Why ? I don 't know what they did to me up there ... but before you came , my veins were on fire . Who are you ? Why do you never speak ? It doesn 't matter , don 't worry . It will come in due time . Now it 's my turn to take care of you . Come . How was your experiment ? As if you didn 't know . I saw Bouddha react very violently to your treatment . Normal defense reaction . Once triggered , the program adds corrective sequences to the DNA . Don 't the new sequences conflict with the existing ones ? That 's the risk . We 're still not able to fully predict the genetic reaction on human guinea pigs . Human guinea pigs ? It 's the deal signed between these lunatics and the Neurinos . I 'm reminding you that they 're criminals of the worst kind who only stay alive if they act as guinea pigs . I don 't know why this term is disturbing you . As a specialist on human behavior , even for a criminal , I 'm against the term guinea pig . What 's that ? Fuck ! People say that at the gates of Hell , those words are written ... " You , who are entering this place , lose all hope . " Yet , it 's here , among the outcasts , the reprobates , that the true meaning of my quest appeared . I , Persephone , who dedicated my life to healing souls , it 's in the body of one of my patients that I saw the birth of salvation . There 's a force within Saint Georges that goes way beyond us . I can 't understand it yet , but I know that no one on this station will be spared . - Am I bothering you ? - A little . I wanted to be sure that everything is fine and that you don 't need anything . Everything 's all right , thank you . Tell me , your first impression of Persephone ... - As I imagined her . - What do you mean ? She 's been here too long , she lacks some objectivity . Yeah ... maybe ... Neurinos don 't trust her anymore , do they ? When do you plan to leave ? When I 'll have enough useful data . Why ? Is my presence bothering you ? Not at all , on the contrary . Good bye . Hey Charon , are you there baby ? All right , I managed to infiltrate the shuttle computer . But there 's a problem . Access to the file is highly secured . Reserved to Neurinos staff only . So what ? Don 't tell me that you can 't bypass this little obstacle . Well yeah , it 's possible , it 's possible , but to do that ... - I need your password . - Don 't you have it already ? I 'm disappointed . One would have to be a genius to do something with the password you gave me . Then let 's see if you 're a genius . You don 't keep your promises Bouddha . You never keep your promises . Do you realize that I can 't trust you anymore ? You 're right , I didn 't keep my word . But now I know that it won 't happen again . I 'm afraid that 's a little too late . Nobody here wants to die because you 're unable to control your emotions . It was before . - Before what ? - Before he cured me . Him ? He cured you ? You 're sick ! I already told you Cesar , this guy is an angel sent by god . Cured or not , I 've made my decision and I don 't want you to start your bullshit all over again . Gentlemen , take care of him . - It doesn 't concern the prophet . - Bouddha has changed , he 's cured . You 'd better get the hell out of here ! Go ! Chief ! He has no wound , he 's breathing normally . That 's incredible . Should I take a blood sample ? He was dying according to the diagrams . And there , look at his heart rate . If it 's not a miracle ... Nonsense ! His wound is superficial , that 's all ! Moloch 's wound disappearance coincides with the new guy intervention . And I 'm sure there 's a rational explanation to his recovery . But Cesar , I can 't kill the guy who saved my life . What about you Lazare , what do you think ? If you ask me to eliminate him , I 'll do it , I don 't give a fuck about him . Maybe it 's not him who healed you , maybe your wound wasn 't so bad after all . This Saint Georges is spreading unrest among us . The others already look at him as if he was a messiah . Do you understand Moloch ? If we don 't do something , they 'll eliminate us . What 's happening to you ? I don 't feel so well since the last raid but I 'll be fine . We won 't have much time left if we don 't stop him now . The others will want him to be the leader . They 'll strangle us in our sleep for sure to get revenge . Don 't you get it ? They won 't spare us . If he can cure people , he can also kill them . Get rid of him quietly . Here ... nobody will disturb you . I 'll go get you a blanket . Right , I 'll stand watch in the corridor . What 's going on ? It 's the first time that I see you give up food . I don 't know . I feel a little peaky . Come on , we wasted enough time ! We 've got things to do , come ! A gift from Cesar . - Where 's Persephone ? - Listening room I think . She really likes to waste her time . I don 't like to see those two together . Who 's there ? It 's you ? The ansaphone is busy . It 's okay . We 'll wait for our turn . Why don 't we see them ? We don 't see them because they 're standing in the dead angle of the cameras . It 's not a good sign . The ... The ... The ... light ... - Stop , god damn it ! - You 're the one saying that ? Should I remind you that this scumbag tried to kill you recently ? Cesar didn 't ask us to kill this one ! If I were you boss , I 'd release the gas immediately . What the fuck is this shit ? Do you really think that your messiah is gonna save you now ? What are you doing Moloch ? Let go of me ! I 'm sure that I saw him die in front of us . He received at least 10 lethal wounds . He had lost almost all his blood . You can 't deny it this time . It 's a resurrection . Resurrection or not , I must test some new treatments on this man ... and I fully intend to do my task . How do you explain his miraculous interventions on the others ? The miraculous part of these interventions has not been proved at all . - You knew it , didn 't you ? - Knew what ? That this man was special . We wouldn 't have brought him here if he was normal . Stop acting like an idiot . The company sent him here to isolate him . He shows incredible characteristics . Why do you care ? This is none of your business . What are you going to do to him ? Butcher him ? Until you 've solved his mystery ? Nothing forces you to work for the company . I 'm in charge of psychogenetics here , and I forbid you to experiment on this man . I have an official letter that gives me priority over you . I don 't care about your letter . Charon , what do you say ? We already talked about it , you know what you have to do . I have no other choice but to remove you from your duties . The orders are definite . Don 't you understand what we might destroy ? Not you , not me ... but mankind ... You know , to me , mankind ... They 're going to market his genetic codes et eliminate him . We must keep him alive at all cost . Understanding who he is is essential . We must stop her from changing his metabolism . I 'm sorry , Persephone , there 's nothing I can do for you . She 's telling the truth , the Neurinos gave her priority . We 'll leave as soon as the shuttle will be ready . Everything has been planned . Come on , get out . I 'm doing it for your own good . It 's a sad path to ask to go down someone else 's steps . What does it mean ? You didn 't see it coming , did you ? Don 't be too hard with Persephone . I reckon that I don 't understand her . She attaches more importance to the prisoners than to her results . The strap ! Let go of her ! Let go of her ! Charon , do something . Be reasonable , I 'll open the door . You can go back to the others . An emergency , let 's go ! I opened the door , let her go now . What else could I have done ? You could have made sure that the straps were secured ! Wait ! You said that he was dead , we don 't tie the dead here ! - Hello baby ! - Ah , here you are . I only want to tell you that we 're going crash on Dante soon . And we 'll all go to Hell ! As the damned that we are ! Are you kidding ? Don 't give me this innocent look Charon , I know what you 're up to . I cracked your files a long time ago ! Your Elisa , the things she 's cooking with her nanotechnology , that 's some nice shit ! I saw that we 're all gonna be contaminated from the inside ! Infected ! Like common computer softwares ! Do you know what we do in case of a plague ? We burn everything ! I locked everything with your password ! It 's my apocalypse , baby ! Anybody hear me up there ? What the fuck are they doing ! ? - You told me he was dead . - Fuck off ! What did you do to me ? I saw ... a light ... What are you talking about ? - We must find a way to get out of here ! - Well , there 's one . Shut down the system and use manual piloting . The ... the light ... - The ... - Where did it come from ... this light ? I don 't know , I don 't know ... - It means we 're all gonna die ! - Calm down Lazare . Keep your cool . - I don 't take orders from you ! - It 's not an order , it 's an advice . - Things have really changed here . - They sure did ! - And seriously ! - What are you saying ? You can 't help acting like you 're the boss , can you ? - What 's this alarm ? - The alarm , it 's me ! I 'm the one who triggered it ! - You would need some gear for that . - The boss gave me everything I needed . So I could have a look inside the company files . He thought he could get me with his lame promises . - Get to the point ! - The point ? The point ? Don 't be in such a hurry Cesar , we have less than an hour left to live . And after ... Boom ... Boom ... Listen ... I programmed the station to crash on Dante ! - You 're nuts ! - Yeah , just like all of us . We 're scumbags , aren 't we ? They must not erase our memories , they want ... The want to defragment us ! Into the void ! I knew you were a sick bastard but not that much ! We 're all gonna burn ! All of us ! And you , the dragonslayer ... You won 't be able to resurrect us . I 'm dead , you hear ! Dead ! Since I arrived in this station ! I 'm dead ! Get him ! Why don 't we take the shuttle I came here with ? I remind you that it 's only for two persons . We must go to the manual piloting cabin at all cost , we have less than an hour ! According to the map there 's a trap door on the last gangway . We 'll be able to reboot the system if we can reach it . It 's on the other side , in the convicts quarters ? Yes ... - Did you find him ? - No , this way ! Go ahead , shoot ! Maybe he said that to scare us . Giving Attila a computer is like giving matches to a pyromaniac . And they knew it ! The fools ! Maybe the time has come to meet those who went to the other side . I feel like I 'm not afraid of death anymore . Wait , wait ! There 's only one justice , it 's god justice . - Look ! We 're still alive . - Well yeah , that 's bullshit . We 're about to dive in the magma of this fucking planet and that 's all you have to say ? Faith , god , light ? For fuck 's sake , we 're gonna die ! We 'll be dead in a few minutes ! Do you fucking understand ? Dead ! - Commit yourself to god . - Fuck god ! If that 's his creation , if we 're his creatures , then he should have let us rot in the void . And him , what the fuck is he doing here with his miracles ? Sirs , our station has left its geostationary orbit . Our only chance of survival is to access the control panel under your quarters . We 'll be able to change the trajectory by activating the backup reactors . I 'm asking you to cooperate with us . Raise your hand if you approve . Your colleague refused to come with us . - And you , aren 't you afraid ? - Afraid ? We should have opened this door a long time ago and never close it . I 'm Charon , director of this station . He 's the fool who gave the gear to Attila ! He 's the one who put us in this shit ! That 's enough now ! That 's enough ! Shut the fuck up ! We came here to fix things . The control panel is in a blocked up area . - We can get there by the cooling shaft . - Go ! The trap door is somewhere around here . Shut up ! So you intended to escape without telling your friends ? I never thought I 'd ever see a beauty like you again . - You 're not ... - No , no , I 'm not sleeping , no . I can hold my breath for over 10 minutes now . - Let go of me , you 're hurting me . - You 're in no position to give me orders ! - Where did you plan to go like that ? - It 's the space shuttle . It can hold two persons . You beguiled everybody to be sure to be part of the trip , didn 't you ? You 're a cunning little one , aren 't you ? You 're just like me . - The trip will last two years , in two years you 'll be free . - Two years ? Two years in here with you ? It 's more than worth it to try , isn 't it ? But I 'm warning you , no hanky-panky ! Come on . After you , princess . Wake up . - Who released the gas ? - Don 't you know ? BR ! Go check the shuttle ! CR , the trap door ! Go ! It 's the only way to the cabin , there 's no more than 4 meters to cross . It 's way too far . The cooling system is overheating . They were together in the shuttle . Attila must have hacked the commands , the shuttle went directly on Dante . We will join them soon anyway . - What 's on the other side ? - The manual piloting cabin . A few meters and we could pull the station away from Dante gravity . - Is it complicated ? - Very easy , you only have to enter a code . You 'll never fit in here , it 's way too tight . It 's made for someone of my size . So , what 's the code ? ETNA D10 . Are you aware of the risks ? My brain isn 't boiled yet . Cesar 's sacrifice was probably not innocent . Because if we all aspire to the light , it belongs to each of us to repel the darkness . We never knew who he was or where he came from . But one thing is certain ... It 's in us that Saint Georges found the strength to defeat the dragon . His destiny could only end here , at the gates of hell , while the path never walked by any living man was opening itself .
