 Any dolt with half a brain can see the human kind has gone insane to the point where I don 't know if I 'll upset the status quo if I throw poison in the water main . Listen close to everybody 's heart and hear that breaking sound . Hopes and dreams are shattering apart and crashing to the ground . I cannot believe my eyes how the world 's filled with filth and lies . But it 's plain to see evil inside of me ... is on the rise . Look around we 're living with the lost and found . Just when you feel you 've almost drowned , you find yourself on solid ground . And you believe there 's good in everybody 's heart . Keep it safe and sound . With hope you can do your part to turn a life around . I can not believe my eyes . Is the world finally growing wise ? 'Cause it seems to me some kind of harmony is on the rise . - Make it slow . - Anyone with half a brain - He looks at me and seems to know - ... could spend their whole life howling in pain - ... the things that I 'm afraid to show - It 's a darkness everywhere and Penny doesn 't seem - ... and suddenly I feel this glow . - ... to care that soon the dark in me is all that will remain - And I believe there 's good in everybody 's heart . - Listen close to everybody 's heart - and keep it safe and sound . - and hear that breaking sound . - With hope you can do your part - Hopes and dreams are shattering apart - ... to turn a life around . - ... and crashing to the ground . - I can not believe my eyes - I can not believe my eyes - how the world finally growing wise - how the world 's filled with filth and lies - But it 's plain to see - And it 's plain to see - evil inside of me - rapture inside of me - is on the rise . - is on the rise . It is so dumb that we 're been coming here so long and never spoke . I know , all those months doing this stunningly boring chore . I 'm a fan of laundering . Psych ! I love it ! To smell the fabric softener ... the warm clothes in your hands ... So good ! Hey , this is weird . I ordered one frozen yogurt and they gave me two . You don 't happen to like frozen yogurt , do you ? I love it ! You 're kidding ! What a crazy random happenstance . - Here . - Thank you . So how was your weekend ? Did you spend the whole time hunting wild signatures ? Umm .. actually , I went on a date . Get right out of town . How was that ? Unexpected . He 's a really good-looking guy and I thought he was kinda cheesy at first . Trust your instincts . But he turned out to be totally sweet . Sometimes people are layered like that . There 's something totally different underneath than what 's on the surface . And sometimes there 's a third , even deeper level and that one is the same as the top surface one . - Huh ? - Like with pie . So are you gonna see him again ? I think I will . - Billy ? - Yeah . You 're driving this fork into your leg . So I am . Hilarious ! Alright , the wait is over . This , my friends , is my freeze ray which with the addition of the Wonderflonium I obtained at my famously successful heist last week . I say successful in that I achieved my objective . It was less successful in that I inadvertently introduced my archnemesis to the girl of my dreams . And now he 's taking her out on dates and they 're probably going to french kiss or something . She called him " sweet " . How is he sweet ? Right ! Freeze ray ! So , as of tonight , I am in the Evil League of Evil if all goes according to plan , which it will , because I hold a PhD in horribleness . See you at the aftermath . Peace ! But not literally . ... uhh ... freeze ray needs work . I also need to be a little bit more careful about what I say on this blog . Apparently the LAPD and Captain Hammer are among our viewers . They were waiting for me at the Mayor 's dedication of the Superhero Memorial Bridge . The freeze ray takes a few seconds to warm up and I wasn 't ... Captain Hammer threw a car at my head . Not to worry though , because I 'm ... One sec . He saw the operation you tried to pull today . But your humiliation means he still votes nay . And now assassination is just the only way . There will be blood , it might be yours so go kill someone . signed - Bad Horse . Kill someone ? Would you do it ? To get into the Evil League of Evil ? Look at me , man ! I 'm Moist ! At my most badass , I make people feel like they want to take a shower . I 'm not ELE material . Killing is not elegant or creative , it 's not my style . You got more than enough evil hours to get into the henchman 's union . I 'm not a henchman . I 'm Dr. Horrible . I 've got a PhD in horribleness . Is that the new catchphrase ? I deserve to get in . You know I do . But killing ? Really ? Hourglass says she knows a kid in Iowa who grows up to become president . That 'd be big . I 'm not gonna kill a little kid . - Smother an old lady ? - Do I even know you ? I just , you know , really think I 'm ... qualified for this job . And ... I just can 't get my foot in the door . I 'm sure you will . I wanna do great things , you know . I wanna be an achiever like Bad Horse . The thoroughbred of sin ? I meant Ghandi . Well , I 've gotten turned down from plenty of jobs . Even fired a few times . I can 't imagine anybody firing you . Neither could I. Now I can visualize it really well . - But you know everything happens ... - Don 't say for a reason . No , I 'm just saying that ... everything happens . Not to me . Here 's the story of a girl who grew up lost and lonely . Thinking love was fairy tale and trouble was made only for me . Even in the darkness every color can be found . And every day your rain brings water flowing to things growing in the ground . Grief replaced with pity for a city barely coping . Dreams are easy to achieve if hope is all I 'm hoping to be . Anytime you 're hurt there 's one who has it worse around . And every drop of rain will keep you growing seeds you 're sowing in the ground . So keep your head up Billy buddy . It 's like Captain Hammer is always saying . Right ! How are things with Cheesy on the outside ? Good . They 're good . He 's nice . I 'll be interested to know what you think of him . He said he might stop by . - Stop by here ? - Yeah . Oh , goodness ! Look at my wrist ! I gotta go ! But ... but what about your clothes ? I don 't want these . See you ! - Oh , pardon . - Pardon ! Billy , this is Captain Hammer . Oh , Billy , the laundry buddy . It 's very nice to meet you . We 're meeting now for the first time . You look horribly familiar . One of those faces I guess . Have I seen you at the gym ? At the gym , yeah . I don 't go to the gym , I 'm just naturally like this . Oh , well . Who wants to know what the Mayor is doing behind closed doors ? He is signing over a certain building to a Caring Hands group as a new homeless shelter . - Oh my God ! - Yep ! Apparently the only signature he needed was my fist . But with a pen in it . That I was signing with . I can 't believe it . - Congratulations . - Thank you ! Thank you ! Oh ! Well , this is great . I wish I could stay and chitchat . It sure was nice to meet you ... Doctor . You 've got a little crush , don 't you doc ? Well , that 's gonna make this hard to hear . See , later I 'm gonna take little Penny back to my place . Show her the command center . The Hammer-cycle . Maybe even the Ham-jet . You think she likes me now ? I 'm gonna give Penny the night of her life . Just because you want her . And I get what you want . See , Penny 's giving it up . She 's giving it up hard . 'Cause she 's with Captain Hammer . And these ... are not the hammer . The hammer is my penis . This appeared as a moral dilemma 'cause at first it was weird though I swore to eliminate the worst of the plague that devoured humanity it 's true I was vague on the how so how can it be that you have shown me the light . It 's a brand new day and the sun is high . All the birds are singing that you 're gonna die . How I hesitated now I wonder why . It 's a brand new day . All the time that you beat me unconscious I forgive . All the crimes incomplete , listen , honestly I 'll live . Mr. Cool . Mr. Right . Mr. Know-it-all is through . Now the future 's so bright and I owe it all to you . have shown me the light . It 's a brand new me . I got no remorse . Now the water 's rising but I know the course . I 'm gonna shock the world , gonna show Bad Horse . It 's a brand new day . And Penny will see the evil me . Not a joke , not a dork , not a failure . And she may cry but her tears will dry when I hand her the keys to a shiny new Australia . It 's a brand new day . Yeah , the sun is high . All the angels sing because you 're gonna die . Go ahead and laugh . Yeah , I 'm a funny guy . Tell everyone goodbye ! It 's a brand new day .
