 The captain has turned on the fasten seatbelt sign . Please make sure your seatbelts are securely fastened . I don 't speak german.I 'm from denver . I 'm from denver . My friend , it 's just an electrical storm . I understand . Here. gum ? No , uh , thank you . Oh , my god . What ? - This bed is loud . - You think ? We--we can 't keep doing this . sneaking around . Department 's not a massive fan of office romance . The policy seminar was endless , wasn 't it ? I kept finding myself staring at you . Actually had to move my chair to stop . Well , i--i think charlie knows . - No , he doesn 't know . - Well , I think he does . If he knew , you would be transferred . The idea of somebody making a call Whether or not you and i get to live in the same city , that 's unacceptable to me . Anyway , that 's all just preamble to the kicker , which is that ... I love you . Olivia Dunham . Yes , sir . Of course , sir . Yes , sir , I 'm on my way . Incident at Logan. international flight . Charlie 's on his way . Agent Scott . We 're gonna let the FBI take the lead . Olivia Dunham , FBI . We got a flight out of hamburg . 147 passengers . Towers lost contact three hours in . They thought it might have been electrical interference . They entered our airspace radio silent . Navy then scrambles two f-18s for escort . They reported stains on the windows . No signs of life aboard the jet . White house approved a cdc request for the jet not to be opened until they arrive . no signs of life ? Who was flying the plane ? Logan 's one of the first airports with the pearl autopilot system . Plane landed itself right on time . Unlike every flight i 've ever taken . Well , let me assure you We 'd be happy to treat you as family too . Good old NTSB . They all like to think they 're cops . - Agent Scott . - Agent Francis . Agent Dunham . Whatever the hell mcneary saw through that window , It made him throw up in front of his whole unit . Excuse me . So what 's going on here ? Some sort of accident ? Tarmac 's closed . Nothing you need to worry about , sir . - Oh , all right . - Move along . I 'll do that . Thanks . Although this is a joint task force , You 're all reporting to the department of homeland security . I 'm special agent in charge broyles . D.C. has sent me here to make sure we get results . Standard level four hazmat suits are required to go in . Members from each agency on the starting line as follows . CIA , Baronoff . FBI , Charlie Francis and John Scott . Everyone else stand by . Okay , people , let 's move . Sir ! Olivia Dunham , FBI interagency liaison . Liaison on an interagency task force . Gotta love that . Kind of like powdered sugar on a glazed donut . Excuse me , if i 'm gonna do my job effectively , I like my information first-hand . That 's not redundancy. that 's accountability . I know exactly who you are . You want in , liaison ? Suit up . What kind of terrorism is this ? Who says it 's terrorism ? Sources tell us the plane was deliberately set ablaze by the cdc after all passengers ' remains had been removed ... Seat 41A , John Rosenbloom . Honolulu , Hawaii . Car salesman . Criminal history 's negative . Have we reviewed video from the hamburg airport ? We need to see if any passengers ... Ground crew who fueled the aircraft , we need names . On its way . And what the hell is taking so long with that black box ? Please tell me that terminal 's shutdown . It 's been down since 0400 local . You got any more questions ? Who 's point from cdc on the bone tissue ... Agent Paley . You want his home number ? No , but I 'd like the whole report . And not just this fax- - We 're on that too liaison . We don 't think what happened on that plane was a result of the in-flight movie . back bay pd got a call at 0300 from a guard on duty at a storage facility . He saw two , and i quote , " suspicious middle eastern men " handing a white guy a briefcase . Liaison , take it. go find out . Take what ? That ? You 're telling me that 's my assignment ? Yeah , honey . Would you mind ? In conjunction with the center for disease control , The decision was made to burn the plane only after it was determined- - only after it was determined- - petty bastard . he 's pissed because his best friend sexually assaulted three marine privates , and i 'm the bad guy ' cause i put him away . broyles is an idiot . you 're smarter , you 're stronger , you 're much better looking . he 's jealous . what ? you said you loved me . in the motel . yeah . that was a big deal . yeah , well , you didn 't say anything back , so i just let it go . i 've been sort of bad at this for a long time . until you . i wanted to say i love you too . let 's go check the trash together . empty . acetylene , propane ? no , ammonia . what are you doing ? what are you doing ? i 'm a federal agent . we need to get a chem transport team out here now . i 'm on it . no signal . freeze ! FBI ! i have a gun ! i will shoot ! john ? we got a runner in the back. we need him alive . i 'm on my way . hands in the air ! john ! john . you were very lucky today , agent dunham . your wounds could 've easily been much more severe . agent scott wasn 't as fortunate . while he survived the initial blast , agent scott was exposed to some synthetic chemical compounds . work that was done in the labs you found . he 's not contagious , but until we understand more , it 's better not to introduce any additional conminants . we haven 't been able to identify the substance that 's affecting him . the CDC has sent in specialists , but ... well , they 've never seen anything like what 's happening here . we 've put agent scott in a drug-induced coma . his body temperature has been lowered significantly to try and slow the progress . i 'm sorry , agent dunham . it 's me. liaison . i found a connection between the hamburg flight and what 's happened to agent scott . his name 's walter bishop . he 's a scientific researcher from cambridge . born in ' 46 , harvard educated . post grad at oxford and m.i.t. look at the experiments he was doing in the ' 70s . i believe dr. bishop might have information that might tell us what happened aboard that plane and save agent scott 's life . says the guy 's been at st. claire 's for 17 years . i saw that . an assistant was killed in his lab . rumors about dr. bishop using humans as guinea pigs . he was charged with manslaughter , but was deemed mentally unfit to stand trial . why are you so sure bishop 's worth our time ? why are you so sure he 's not ? listen , dunham , you and i got off on the wrong foot- - if my past job performance as u.s. marine special investigator offends you- - well , yeah , it does . a man who serves his country for 30 years has a few drinks and a small lapse in judgment does not deserve five years . a small lapse in judgment that will haunt three young women for the rest of their lives . but that 's not tonight 's business , is it ? look , d.c. has tasked me to make sure that our reaction to flight 627 is beyond reproach . now it says here , in 1991 the glorious state of massachusetts forbade dr. bishop from having any visitors with the exception of immediate family . so from where i sit , barging into a mental institution waving the patriot act , which is what you 'd need , and demanding face time with some old lab rat who you think might be behind some of the most terrifying terror that i can possibly imagine- - i 'm coming to you with a solid lead , and your personal resentment is preventing you- - and you 're wasting your breath and my time . do you understand " immediate family ? " you want to question dr. bishop , you go find his next of kin and have ' em escort you in . talk to bishop , uncover something substantial , and i will have your back . until then , i am not so convinced . now can you handle that ? he does have a son . is his son local too ? not exactly . so this guy 's walter bishop 's son . his name 's peter bishop . he 's a high school dropout , IQ at 190 , which is 50 points north of genius . misfit , nomad . hasn 't kept a job longer than two months . he 's been a wild land fireman , cargo pilot , and briefly a college chemistry professor . he falsified a degree from m.i.t. and even managed to get a few papers published before he was found out . sounds like a massive pain in the ass . my resume is hardly traditional . but around these parts , traditional increasingly means irrelevant . $ 100 billion sunk into infrastructure and you can barely keep the lights on . so you need someone to overs construction on 600 miles of pipeline to carry crude between your fields in kirkuk and the port of ceyhan . a job well outside the green zone , i might add while i 'm still alive to do so . you 'll need someone who has a handle on the laws of hydrodynamic resistance . the heat exchange in oil mixture flows . you 'll also need someone who can work with mixed integer programs because you 're gonna have to resize the pipes as you start working across uneven terrain . that is , if you want to keep down construction costs . i also speak farsi . and 600,000 all in sounds fair . Peter Bishop . Olivia Dunham . I 'm with the FBI . You 've heard of flight 627 ? The hamburg flight , of course . You may be able to help us with that . No , I think you got the wrong guy . Your father is Walter Bishop . You know , the last time somebody asked me that it was an accusation . well , he 's the man we 're looking to speak with , but due to his current status , you 're the only one who can provide us access . and what possible help could that man be to you ? and what is it exactly that you 're expecting me to do ? Hop on a plane with you back to massachusetts ? I just got here , honey . I can have you on a return flight here in four days , but first- - Let me save you the time . I 'd rather stay here in Iraq . That 's how much I want to see my father . I 'm going to beg you as one human being to another . Your father may be able to save someone who 's dying . Someone i care about very much . Sweetheart , we all care about someone who 's dying . I can 't help you . I 'm sorry . I know why you 're here ! I have your file . What file ? The one the FBI would say doesn 't exist . And it has everything . Where you 've been , what you 're running from . and what you need while you 're here . So either you come with me , or i let certain people know your whereabouts . When do we leave ? Did the doctors say anything else ? Thanks , Charlie . Let me ask you something . My father , not my favorite . He is without a doubt the most Self-absorbed , twisted , abusive , brilliant , myopic son of a bitch on the planet . So he was a chemist . That much i already know . He worked out of a basement lab in harvard doing research for a toothpaste company . I also know that there was an accident at the lab one night , that mfather was arrested , beginning the first truly peaceful period in our home . But here 's the thing , Olivia . my gut tells me that your friend 's life , the one hanging in the balance , not gonna be saved by a tube of toothpaste . He worked out of harvard , but not on toothpaste . he was part of a classified U.S. army experimental program called Kelvin Netics . They gave him the resources to do whatever work he wanted , which was primarily in an area called fringe science . When you say fringe science , you mean pseudoscience . I suppose . things like mind control , teleportation , astral projection , invisibility , genetic mutation , reanimation , fertility- - Whoa , excuse for a sec. reanimation ? Really ? So you 're telling me what ? my father was dr. frankenstein ? You know what ? Why don 't you go on ahead . Dr. Bishop , special day . You have a visitor . Hello . I knew someone would come ... eventually . Dr. Bishop . Dr. Bishop ? And you said this was- - when did this happen ? The incident on the plane happened four days ago . Agent scott was injured the next day . The dermis already indurated , translucent . Muscular tissue visible . on scott , you mean , can you see through skin ? - Yes . - Oh , that 's not good . To see through the skin , It 's--It 's tricky , it 's advanced . - Like that it 's tricky . - What 's happening to him ? Can it be reversed ? What is it ? They ... They have this horrible ... pudding here . butterscotch pudding on mondays . It 's dreadful . It 's thursday . Oh , that 's fantastic news . It can be reversed . What happened to your colleague . Years ago I worked with lab animals , and--and some of them were afflicted , but were saved . So do you remember what to do ? This place , their - their choice of therapies has c--c- - Dr. Bishop . You came here today with my son . I 'm not allowed visitors , you see , except immediate family . And unless the order has been lifted , then it 's a simple if / then formula . If you are here , then so is he . I would ... so much ... so very much like to see him . So much . He asked for you . Thanks , sweetheart . I really appreciate that . Hey , I didn 't tell him you were here . And call me " sweetheart " one more time . I 'd really like that . Hello , Walter . I thought you 'd be fatter . You thought i would be fatter . Excellent first words , perfect . No , as a boy , you were rounder . Yes , i was until the summer before high school . Not that i 'd expect you to remember that . - May I see something ? - What are you doing ? Take your hands off of me ! Pupils are good. they 're good . Thank goodness . How advanced is your colleague 's condition ? Which--which is something i-i-i- - I 'm unable to deduce without a firsthand examination . I must see Mr. Scott myself . which i am unable to do . Well , under present law . Unless--unless signed out by a legal guardian who must be , once again , a relative . What are you asking me to--no . Guardian ? No , forget it . - He 'll do it . - No , i will not . One phone call . That 's all it takes . You want me to make it ? cause i got my phone in my pocket . Now it 's out of my pocket . You wanted my fath . Now you 've got my father . which falls into the category of be careful what you wish for ... sweetheart . Every effort is being made to understand dr. bishop , i was curious . did anyone else ever have access to your work ? well , the assistants had bits and pieces . and god , i suppose . i supposed the only one that really knew what i was doing was belly . who ? belly , william bell . he and i shared the lab . william bell ? you shared your lab with the founder of massive dynamics ? i 'm sorry , i don 't know what that is , massive dynamics . oh , nothing really. just a tiny little company . that 's perfect . one guys becomes one of the wealthiest men on the planet . the other guy becomes an institutionalized psychopath. oh ! what ? what happened ? i just pissed myself . excellent . just a squirt . i just got your message. how 's john ? worse . cdc says the hamburg flight was caused by a synthetic compound . which is like saying rain is caused by a wet compound . they 've run some tests on john , but haven 't come back with anything . what about bishop ? left to right , insane and irritating . and also my only hope . listen ... i need to question william bell . could you set that up for me ? william bell ? massive dynamics william bell . he and bishop used to share a lab . you 're kidding . dr. bishop ? is there ginger ale ? any ginger ale ? i haven 't had some in a long time . i miss it . can we please get some ginger ale for the doctor , agent farnsworth . sure . whoa , stop right now ! stop ! does this not concern you ? let him go . petri dish . quick , please . good . i need to take this to my lab right away . - your what ? - kresge building basement , harvard . we should leave. i have my sample . your lab was shutdown after you left . i 'm sorry ? wake up. it 's gone . no . no , nono . no , no , no , no , no , no . walter , there is no lab . it 's a perfect working- - no ! damn you , damn you ! we need to get him back immediately . liaison . - when did you get back ? - i need your help . i want you to know i 've successfully had dr. walter bishop released from st. claire 's , and he requires the use of his old laboratory . - i 'm sorry , what ? - kresge building . Harvard , asement . the university 's been using it for storage for the past 17 years . it would be nice to think that your tenacity in this case is a byproduct of a remarkable and robust professionalism . but i can 't help but wonder if there wasn 't something going on between you and agent scott . get the lab for bishop . so much . so much happened here . and so much is about to . dr. bishop , i 've ordered a standard forensics work package . is there anything else you need ? um , optical coherence tomograph for flesh study . 2,000 pounds of silicon . at least five anonymous blood samples from volunteer donors . microorganism detector . nasa grade , of course. there 's still nasa , yes ? yes . oh , she 's still here ! oh , this tank was the best . and a two-year-old bos taurus . a what ? a cow. he wants a cow . purebred , not crossbred. this is important . mature weight , 850 pounds . internal fat average of 2.37 . is he joking ? genetically , humans and cows are separated by only a couple lines of dna . so it 's an ethical test subject . where 'd you learn that ? m.i.t ? no , actually . i picked that up reading books . you should try it sometime. it 's fun . get him the cow . fantastic , thank you . the only thing better than a cow is a human . unless you need milk . then you really need a cow . coffee ? thanks . tell me . what else did that file say about yours truly ? how bad was it ? i 'm not at liberty to discuss it . why don 't you go ahead and liberate yourself , 'cause i 'm here now , so i kind of feel like i deserve the truth , don 't you ? there was no file . i needed you back here . so that was what ? you were bluffing ? i-i was desperate . you know , i 'm usually pretty good at reading people . that 's sort of what i do . yeah , well , i could see you were in trouble . anyone could see that . so i could 've stayed . i could 've stayed in iraq . you know , a car bomb went off this morning in kirkuk . you might just owe me a thank you . yeah , well , i owe a lot . tsk , yeah , i figured . mafia . a guy named big eddie . you owe money to a guy nicknamed big eddie ? no , i owe money to a guy named big eddie . he had it legally changed . and the thing is , i 'm not even a gambler . i mean , i never was. it just- - a couple years ago i went a bit crazy . i thought you were a genius . you must 've had a system . of course there was a system . the house was cheating . but you try telling ' em that . '72 during vietnam . the d.o.d. ' s biochem division for possible use against the vietcong . it 's possible that whatever affected that plane may have been derived from that work . what about john ? what 's infecting him is merely a chemical reaction to the raw laboratory ingredients , not the finished contagion . which means we can synthesize a counteragent . - so you can help him . - don 't do that . don 't give her false hope . there 's no false. it 's not false . it 's real. i could help , yes . if i had a precise inventory of what was in that storage facility when it detonated . we don 't have it. it all went up , everything . and the suspect who might have those answers got away , and john was the only one who saw his face . so how long does he have left ? current rate of crystallization , cellular degradation- - how long ? 24 hours . his brain will no longer be able to oxygenate itself . i 'm so sorry ... that i can 't offer you a less dangerous solution . what do you mean ? didn 't i mention it ? whatever you think you said , you didn 't say . the synaptic transfer system . the shared dream state . what do you mean shared dream state ? the human brain generates a quantifiable electric field . i posited in 1976 that it is possible to synchronize the fields of two distinct minds to allow the sharing of information across the unconscious state . like a string between two tin cans . you know what 's great about that ? is that it 's completely insane . you 're saying i can talk to john in a coma and he can tell me what the suspect looks like . it 's not an exact science . it 's not even science . have you done this before ? i have used this technique to extract information from a corpse once . you can do that if they haven 't been dead for longer than six hours . right , ' cause after six hours , that 's when they 're really dead . you could access his memories . assuming there 's no brain damage . of course you 'd have to have an electromagnetic probe placed in the base of your skull whilst immersed without clothing in the old tank . and you 'd be heavily drugged . what sort of drugs ? oh , a mix of ketamine , neurontin , lysergic acid diethylamide . that last one is lsd , by the way--acid . take at least a few hours . i 'd need your help to synthesize it if it 's not too much trouble . yeah , sure , no problem. that sounds like fun . the man who was just released from the mental institution , he wants to give you a drug overdose , then sick a metal rod into your head and put you naked into a rusty tank of water . no , i don 't want to . no , i 'd rather not. i 'm just saying i can . okay , olivia , excuse me for sec . now you 're obviously under severe duress , and you haven 't slept since iraq , and the man you care about might die , but i 'm telling you that man will kill you . you don 't understand the procedure . john would do it for me . set it up . i 'll get dhs authorization to bring john here . this is unbelievable. this is insane ! he is insane ! and you 're insane for following him . excellent . let 's make some lsd . put him over here . salt 'll make you float . charlie , did you get me in to see William Bell ? massive dynamics isn 't exactly being forthcoming or courteous . and apparently , William Bell is out of the country for the next two weeks . what 's this ? a sweet little memo from their general counsel . so bell doesn 't want to talk ? or he 's just being the head of a $ 50 billion corporation . oh , screw this . i want to drive a tank through william bell 's office and find out what he knows . i know you do , but i 'm here to tell you the bad news . it 's gonna be another 48 hours till we get a court order . you should probably strip to your underwear . hello . what the hell was that ? charlie , we don 't have 48 hours . i need you to get to bell . if walter fails , bell could be the only one to save us . livvy , what 's happening here ? you 've cleared all this with broyles ? somewhat . somewhat doesn 't sound good . is that a cow ? yeah , that 's gene . listen , charlie , i-i need you to promise me you 'll do whatever you can . of course . you know that . be careful . my god . now where was i ? could you tilt your head forward , please . i still think that this is deeply irresponsible , and believe me , i would know . this is an anesthetic . i feel normal working . yeah , ' cause bootlegging smack in the basement is just the picture of normalcy . i got you . i got you . i hope your guy is worth it . and this ... will rip open your consciousness . listen , in case , you don 't come back , i just ... wanted to say before we do this , how much i appreciate what you 've done . There are so many things you 'll lose In a place like that . You lose being trusted . Strange how important that is once it 's gone If you want to watch , you can come closer . Do you work here ? Yeah , I 'm astrid farnsworth , Assistant to agent dunham . Who ? Oh , yes . I 'm walter ... Bishop , walter bishop . Yes , thank you. don 't mention it . These are her brain rhythms . More important than most people know Regarding cerebral regional interaction . Critical . And--and these are his . As the drugs take effect , The probes will synchronize The electrical signals from both . That 's what the brain is , an electrical router . Should be able to be interpreted by the other . Yeah , simple really . Like making taffy . Then when the rhythms are in synch , They should be in the same place , so to speak . So what do we do now ? Now we wait . What was that ? Hello . Hello ! I think I 'm here . I think I 'm here . I 'm here . John ? That 's my uncle 's kayak . John ? Is that you ? Olivia . John . what 's happening ? She 's fine. she 's all right ? She 's fine. you sure ? Look . I was just thinking about you . What was that ? Oh , nothing . John ... You were hurt . I don 't remember . Think . The storage units . I feel cold . I need you to remember . Remember what ? What you saw . I need you to show me his face . Why ? So I can save you . Please try . Try and remember . Yes , this is right . This is right . We got a runner in the back. we need him alive . I can 't see his face . Her leg ! oh , I saw him ! I saw john get hurt . I was there . I was there , I saw--i saw him . What do you mean you saw him ? Where ? I told you not to ask me that . This is him . This is the suspect we 're looking for . He looks like this. send me the image . I 'll put it through the database . Have you slept ? you look like crap . No primary matches for criminal record . Well , cross-check all state driver license files And send this image to all local hospitals . Agent dunham , take a look at this . Oh , my god. this is him . He was a passenger on flight 627 . I don 't- - I don 't understand . Wait , wait , wait . He couldn 't have been at the storage place . Charlie , I saw him there . Hold on , guys . Morgan steig was passenger number 10A . His emergency contact , richard steig . You 're telling me he has a twin ? Yeah , no home address , Only a history of employment . What ? Richard steig 's last employer . I was hoping to speak with william bell . I 'm nina sharp , executive director . I only have a few minutes . Our primary suspect is a former employee of yours , Richard steig , who may have used Research from your company To develop a self-eradicating airborne toxin . We don 't know why or for whom , But it appears he was willing To sacrifice his own brother . Whatever killed those people on that plane Got onboard through his insulin pen . So do you want to talk to me ? Danielle ... Please assemble everything we have on richard steig For agent dunham here . I remember richard steig . He worked in our weapons systems research lab . He was caught three months ago Trying to leave the premises with classified information . He was terminated immediately . We referred his name to the justice department . We have done our due diligence , agent dunham . And if you choose to drag our company And dr. bell 's name into this matter , You will be hearing from our attorneys . How long have you worked for dr. bell ? 16 years . I owe massive dynamics my life , And that is not an exaggeration . I was a runner most of my life . In the ' 97 boston marathon , I felt strangely tired . One day at the office , dr . bell noticed my discomfort And insisted I go for a cat scan . Cancer . Spread so severely I had to have my arm Amputated that week . That first scanner that found my cancer Was built by this company . The robotic assist tools There were used in my surgery , the drugs I took afterwards ... Were developed and manufactured By massive dynamics . And my replacement limb Was designed by bell himself . Everything we have on richard steig . Do you believe that steig May be part of the pattern ? I 'm sorry , part of the ... part of the pattern ? Oh , I assumed you had clearance . Well , I 'm cleared to know Whatever you 're cleared to know , ms. sharp . Apparently not . But suffice to say that we 've reached a point Where science and technology Have advanced at such an exponential rate For so long , it may be way beyond our ability To regulate and control them . You should know what you 're getting into , agent dunham . I would say this to my own daughter . Be careful . And good luck . And this is a show for children ? Yeah , it 's huge . Surprisingly profound For a narrative about a sponge . Crazy house . I just landed at logan . I 'm on my way to you . I think we 've located our suspect . Hold on a second. you found the guy ? You found the guy from your dream . I 'm picking you both up . I need your father there to question him , Get whatever information he needs So he can make the cure for john . And I need you there too in case your father 's- - Say no more. we 'll meet you out front . Stay eyes on south side . Rooftop , confirm your position . All right , they 're in place right inside . Got one coming out . Hold it down. this way , ma 'am . Clear ! Clear ! Clear ! In the back ! Got an all-clear . I 'd like to ... Check your blood pressure . Why don 't you check your own blood pressure ? Mine 's fine , thanks . Your skin tone suggests You might be suffering from arterial hypertension . Don 't tell me what I 'm suffering from . And there are no visible signs of hypertension . When this over , Please don 't send me back . I don 't want to go back . Look , walter- - This experience ... You woke me up again , And ... heh ... you can 't put me back to sleep . It was hardly my idea , any of it . Whatever punishment You think I deserve , I swear I have already endured it . 17 years . Please ... son . Hey ! hey ! what ? Hey ! he 's in the alley ! Can I get out of the car ? stay right there , walter ! Oh , god . We 've got some questions for you . U.s. code 1111 . The murder of 147 passengers . U.s. code 2332-a . Use of weapons of mass destruction . U.s. code 2332-b . An act of terrorism transcending national borders . U.s. code 1132-a . Attempted murder of a federal agent . You want immunity . I want a detailed account Of all the synthetic chemicals You had in that storage facility . Write them down . And then we can talk about an agreement . I ... have nothing ... to say . I know . I know that ! Walter , stay here . Where are you- - The compound affecting agent scott . It 's water soluble , right ? We might not know what it is , But we know what it does . So if I wanted to , I could extract the contagious fluids From his body and ... That would allow me to slip it to you Whenever I wanted to . In your food . A cup of coffee . The toilet . Nobody would ever know how it happened . The only problem is ... The woman who was just in here , That 's her friend who 's dying . So I just don 't have that kind of time . No ! Tell me the chemicals ! Hey , stop , stop ! you can 't ! You can 't do that . No , you can 't do that . I want the names of the chemicals . I 'm gonna count to one . One ! aah ! The active toxin was a magnesium based Ethylene glycol . No , I understand that , but you 're n listening to me . Magnesium ethylene glycol with an organophosphate trig- - Walter , just stop for a second . His blood won 't be able to absorb it Before the side-effects kill him . So you 're saying what ? We synthesize a calcium gluconate In a thiamine base ? Yes , exactly. we can 't . We 'd need more of his blood. we have none . That 's not true- - all agents are required To set up a backup blood supply In case we 're wounded . Autologous transfusion. that 's brilliant . We can create the antidote And then just dissolve it into scott 's stored blood . If we transfuse him intravenously , His body won 't be overwhelmed . A + , boy. well done . Let 's begin . So I got the lab . Yeah , I know you did . Thanks . How 's it goin ' downstairs ? Bishop says it 'll be awhile , But that it 's looking auspicious . That was his word . What ? You 've done some solid work here . Locating bishop . Getting him out . Finding a way to get him to work with you . We 're impressed . Who 's " we " ? What happened on that plane might be part of something More dangerous than just simple terrorism . Simple terrorism ? In the past nine months , there have been three dozen Authenticated incidents like the hamburg flight . John thompson , normal kid , went missing back in ' 98 . Reappeared last month halfway around the world . Hadn 't aged a day . In the past few months , 46 other children who went missing that same year turn up . Same story . Local fisherman off the coast of Sri lanka Reports a low-flying plane emitting a high-pitch frequency That blows out all their windows . An hour later , same spot , An 8.7 sub-surface earthquake creates a tsunami That kills 83,000 people . So why are you telling me- - This man . A patient in Lisbon who woke up After years in a coma began writing just numbers . They turn out to be exact real-time coordinates Of our carrier battle groups in the pacific . Intel that 's classified above top-secret . So how is that even possible ? Come work for me , and I 'll get you the clearance- - Oh , stop . Dunham , there 's more you need to hear . You must not have heard me . I said stop . They 're calling these events " the pattern . " As if someone out there is experimenting , Only the whole world is their lab . You 've seen it , now you know . I don 't wanna know . I have a job . This is a more important job . Anything , anybody you need , you can have . I like the job I 've got . And the man I do it with . Which you seem to have deduced on your own . Look around . You see all these people going about their lives . No idea what 's happening around them , What they 're in the middle of . I just wanna go back to before . Dunham . I don 't think you can . He 's up . He 's awake . Olivia , olivia , he 's awake ! He 's conscious . John ? John , can you hear me , baby ? Baby ? I had a dream about you . Uh , a change of clothes for agent scott . His vitals are surprisingly strong . So , um , how long does he have to stay ? Until the melanocytes in his skin have regenerated , But that shouldn 't be more than a week . He owes you his life . We owe each other . What room is Steig in ? I told you everything I know . Didn 't i ? I gave you the names of all the synthetics I used in the compound . Don 't worry , our immunity agreement holds . But there 's still a whole lot more we have to talk about . Like , why you killed your own brother ? And who you 're selling your work to ? Who says I was selling it ? I was threatened by a guy from your office . You think I 'm lying ? I swear to god . I can prove it . I recorded the conversation . Where 's the recording ? I buried it . Who is this ? We had an exchange agreement . Hmm , there have been other bidders . Today , the airplane was a demonstration . You 've drawn unwarranted attention . Something we can 't afford to be connected with . I 'll make this simple . You 're not selling to anyone else . You do that , we will come after you . I will come after you . You 're threatening me After seeing what I 'm willing to do to my own brother ? Well , let me assure you , We 'd be happy to treat you as family too . Well , let me assure you . We 'd be happy to treat you as family too . Special agent scott . Yes , sir , go right ahead . Two agents posted Outside agent scott 's room now . Check on steig . I 'm on it . I 'm five minutes away . We need this place locked down ! This is dunham , agent i.d. 52776 . In pursuit of blue suv heading south on fenway . Need immediate assist . Ask yourself why ... Why broyles sent you to the storage facility . Why you ? Why ? I don 't understand . Who are you working for ? John , tell me . Tell me more , John . I knew him just as long as you did . I 'm sorry . Job isn 't what it was ten years ago . We 're supposed to protect a world Where one breath of the wrong air Can incinerate you from the inside out . I mean , how do we protect people When corporations have higher security clearances than we do ? When we 're not fully briefed on half the things That we 're investigating ? You know , when the truth ... The truth is we 're obsolete . Take me back to the lab . Can I talk to you please ? Yeah . I 'll be back in a second . Though I 'm sure you 're anxious To get as far away from here as possible . To iraq or afghanistan or countless other Out of reach places , but I 'm here to tell you That your father needs to stay . Which means that you need to too . Are you okay ? No , i-i-i-i know that you have countless reasons As to why this is a non-starter for you . But , I mean , your father is a good man . He 's not the monster you think he is . And you 're good with him , despite what you think . And you 're the only one who speaks walter . We take him back to st . claire 's and it 's all over . Where 's john ? I can talk to the agency and get them to clear Your gambling debts . I can take care of my own debts , okay ? What just happened ? Where 's john ? I 'm not gonna use false threats with you anymore . I don 't need to . The threats are real . After you left , my father sat down And started talking to me and he was remarkably lucid . He told me about the work . That he and william bell had done their experiments . And that incident- - What happened on the plane is just the beginning . Which makes every part of me feel like I gotta get the hell outta boston . Are we leaving ? How long has he been dead ? Five hours . Question him .
