 St. Anne`s cathedral Forgive me , father , for I have sinned . It 's been three months since I 've confessed . Go on , my son . Do - Do you believe that god can speak to you , father ? Of course I do . The Lord speaks to all of us Who are willing to listen . What about the devil , then ? Do you want to confess something , my son ? I 'm a good man , father . I - I try to be a good man . But I - I see things . I s - See things . I don 't know why he chose me , But it 's happening again . It 's happening again , and I 'm scared . Scared of what ? Of what 's going to happen on the bus . I want it to stop . Please . I just want it to stop . Son , have you hurt someone ? Son , come back . Roy ! I know it 's you . Hey , let 's go buddy , what 's the problem ? Oh my God . The souls of the just are in the hand of God . And no torment shall touch them . They seemed , in the view of the foolish , To be dead . And their passing away was thought an affliction . And their going forth from us , utter destruction . But they are in peace . You know , you being here , Libby You did the right thing . Yeah . The man betrays his country , turning over state secrets To god knows who , And here we are , pretending he 's a hero . I know . Stop . Bureau 's got one black eye as it is . The last thing we need right now Is another espionage scandal . You made it through . It 's over now . Did you see John 's mother ? She wouldn 't stop looking at me . His mother . Yeah , like she was Blaming me for what happened to him . Like it was my fault he was dead . As far as John 's mother knows , Her son died a hero serving ' his country . A hero . He used me , Charlie . And he told me he loved me . I wasn 't gonna tell you this , But he said he loved me too . Agent Dunham . Agent Francis . I need you to come with me . Thank you . You brought your own sweetener ? Don 't be ridiculous . It 's my medication . You 're not on any medication , Walter . Of course I am . I been making it myself in the lab . Oh , I wish you were joking . You 're self-medicating . With homemade drugs . Simple combination of Dextromethorphan , Clonazepam , And some Fluoxetine . Those are psychotics , Walter . All of them . Of course they are . That 's the point . I have been in a mental facility For the past 17 years . It 's put me quite out of balance . Stay here for a second , would you ? What if I need to use the bathroom ? Just hold it . I 'll be right back . Hey ! What 're you doin ' ? What , you thought I didn 't see you all day ? You were supposed to check in Before you came home . If you tell anybody else that I 'm here , You 're the first one of the bunch I 'm gonna come after . It was moving . But I stopped it . There was something important . I 've decided on the pancakes . Blueberry . That 's great , Walter . Did somebody call me on the phone ? That 's what was important . Something about a bus . The incident occurred At 8 : 14 am . Middle of rush hour . First responders were worried It was bioterrorism . Ghosts of the Sarin Subway incident in Tokyo in 1995 . They called in the CDC , Confirmed the attack isn 't biological in nature . There 's no contingent . And you said there wasn 't any good news . Excuse me . Team 's coming in to transfer this bus To a secure area . I want you to extend the perimeter Outside the tunnel another 50 yards . It 's horrible . They 're like mosquitoes trapped in amber . If this was some sort of attack , why not Just use something conventional , Like plastic explosives ? A pipe bomb ? Impact . Whoever did this wanted attention . I mean , look at that . Or it 's not an attack at all . And it 's something else entirely . Meaning what ? If I knew that , you wouldn 't be here . I imagine that the material was released In gaseous form before solidification . I need to study it back in my lab . Can I have some ? We 'll have to dig out their personal effects So we can ID them . Notify their next of kin . It 's not here . In eius telephoni non fuit . Quomodo pergemus ? Roy ? What is that ? I don 't know . Any idea what it is yet ? Tricky . Very tricky . All I 've been able to discern Is that it starts as a silicon-based aerosol , And it solidifies somehow . You could be of assistance to me . I would love to hear some Bach . Mass in A minor . Will you play it for me ? I 'm sure the young lady down there Would get us a piano . That young lady is an FBI agent , Walter . Her name is Astrid , and this is the 100th time You 've forgotten her name . So , no . I don 't think I can get you a piano . You always resisted your lessons too . Lack of commitment , son . Was always your problem . Imagine that 's why You still haven 't chosen a profession . I suppose I should 've followed in your footsteps . 'Cause your work has obviously Brought such joy to the world . Who was he , Peter ? Sorry ? The man in the restaurant . You in some kind of trouble ? It was nothing . He was harassing the waitress . I just told him to cut it out . Oh I see . Excuse me . Can you please extract this camera ? I want you to note all the people on this video . Cross-check them with the victims . If we 're lucky , maybe she caught whoever did - Stop . Go back . Can you close in on that woman ? What is it ? That backpack . I just saw that woman , that backpack wasn 't there . Has anyone seen A blue backpack with the other personal effects ? So someone took the bag from her ? Got off the bus before the attack ? Who is she ? Evelina Mendoza . She 's a federal employee . What 's her job ? Oh , my god . She 's DEA . The woman who died on the bus , whose backpack was stolen , She was a Drug Enforcement agent . Undercover . She had a handler , Grant Davidson . I wanna bring him in for questioning . I apologize if I wasn 't helpful on the phone . I needed to ask my superiors For clearance to talk to you about eve . Our condolences . From her records she seemed Like an exemplary agent . Ah , she was . Can you tell us about the case she was working on ? Uh , three months ago she was tasked To infiltrate the east coast representatives Of a nicaraguan drug cartel . We 'd been bangin ' on them for over a year . She called me . Said she wanted me to pull her out . She was scared . Said she heard members of the cartel Discussing something about the pattern . I told her I never heard of it . And , uh , we set up a meet but she never showed . It appears whoever attacked the bus this morning Was interested in one of her effects . Do you have any idea what she could 've been carrying ? I wish I could be more helpful . You have been , agent Davidson . Thank you . Uh , I 've been asked to officially ID her body . I suppose that won 't be a problem . Have you spoken with her family ? Uh , there 's a brother she doesn 't talk to . I didn 't realize how hard this was gonna be . You don 't have to explain . I know what it 's like to lose someone You 've worked with closely . I 'd uh - I 'd like to say good-bye . Of course . Should I bother to ask ? Music helps him process . It works too . As soon as peter started playing , Walter just kinda locked in . He was able to recreate the material From the crime scene . Hey . I hear you play the piano . He doesn 't just play . He 's good . You should hear him . No . Maybe some other time . Olivia . You 'll be pleased to hear we figured it out . The material , the gas that was released on the bus , Turned solid when it met The nitrogen in the atmosphere . Instantly immobilizing And suffocating the passengers . So who would have the know-how To manufacture something like this ? I 'll give you six guesses . And the first five don 't count . Massive Dynamic . Three chemical companies in the U.S. Supply those compounds . All of them fully-owned subsidiaries Of massive dynamic . Charlie ? What 's up ? We 've got something . I think you 're gonna wanna see it . Tip got called in From a priest over at St. Anne 's . Says the guy that lives here Mentioned a potential incident about the bus . Before it happened . So what do we know about him ? Name 's Roy McComb . High school graduate . No criminal record . Apparently he 's been pushin ' papers Over at an escrow company For the last couple of months . Got BPD picking him up from there right now . That doesn 't seem like the profile of a mass-murderer . No . I didn 'thk so either . What ? You 're looking at depictions Of dozens of attacks , accidents , disasters , We 've seen over the past year . And look . All of them are dated Before the incidents took place . Was that the flight from Hamburg ? So this guy drew flight 627 , The angel suicides in Baltimore , And the Birmingham Bridge collapse . Clearly , the man is disturbed . But do you really think That he could be involved in all this ? No . I don 't . But that doesn 't make me any less interested To know where he got his information . Several of those incidents have never been made public . And based on the evidence , Every one of them was either drawn Or constructed before the event depicted . Mr. McComb . I 'm special agent Charlie Francis of the FBI . I wanna tell you you 're not officially Being charged with anything right now . I 'd like to ask you a few questions . Is that okay ? Um , yeah . That 's - Okay . Sure . Call me Roy . Okay Roy . Start with this drawing of yours . 14 different chemical compounds Were used in the material responsible for the incident On the bus . Three of them manufactured exclusively By your subsidiaries . You 've done your homework . We supply them to a dozen labs around the world . It could 've been stolen from any one of them . I 'll need a list of those labs , then . Of course . Anything you need . So ? Is there anything else ? When we first met , you said That science and technology had advanced To such a state that , your words , " They were running out of control . " That sounds about right . Well so far , all of the science and technology That I 've come across has been very tightly controlled By Massive Dynamic . Every case I investigate has a tie back to this company . Well , I think maybe you have it backwards . Massive Dynamic is ... well , so massive That just about everything In the world of science and technology Has a tie back to us . Of course , I could say something of the same For you , couldn 't I ? You 've been investigating these cases For a very short while now . At least three of them have occurred Right in your own backyard . I might suspect That you yourself were somehow responsible . I hope it will help you find Whoever 's behind these attacks . Attacks ? Apparently Broyles hasn 't told you . Yes , the technology was used once before In Prague , although there were fewer casualties . Then , I suppose if you had access to the case files , You 'd know that we 'd already shared All the information we have with the government . Thank you . For the information . What about this one ? This one gonna happen too , Roy ? Look . I know That this sounds crazy . In fact , I think I am crazy . But I can be Anywhere , at home or at work , And , uh - Just all of a sudden , I get this - I don 't know how to describe it . This feeling . And the only way that I can get it out To get rid of it , Is to - To try to draw what I see . Or to try to build it . Sometimes that works . How long have you been getting these feelings ? Maybe nine months . Nine months . Roy 's feelings - Or whatever they are . Began roughly when we became aware of the pattern . Meaning what ? I 'm not entirely sure yet . But it 's hard to say he 's lying . He 's not . I like to consider myself to be A fairly good poker player , Which requires me to have the ability To read my opponent 's tells , Know when he 's bluffing . He 's not bluffing . Regardless of what the actual explanation is , He sincerely believes that what he 's saying Is the truth . In that case , what do you suggest ? How has he learned of these incidents ? I don 't know . Hey . I just saw Charlie . He told me - Occam 's razor . All other things being equal , The simplest solution is the best . And what is that ? The man 's psychic . Theoretically , it 's all quite possible . So you 're saying Roy can read peoples ' minds . I posit that Roy has no control over his abilities . That he is linked , psychically , with someone , Or less likely but still possible , A small group of people responsible For these events . Equally possible , Someone who 's merely discussing them . Perhaps he 's communicating with you , agent Broyles . Forgive me , Dr. Bishop . I like to think I have an open mind . But I have a hard time accepting that that man Is hearin' another person 's thoughts . Oh , yes . So do I. Which is why I would like to prove it . And here we go . And how would you do that ? Am I required to keep him alive ? That would probably be best . Can we , uh , talk a moment ? Go ahead . Nina Sharp just told me That this isn 't the first time that material From the bus has been used . I 'd normally be skeptical of anything coming from Nina , But in this case , she 's correct . So what ? I don 't even have clearance to know background On a case I 'm investigating ? Agent Dunham , If I 'm not always completely transparent with you , There 's a reason . This little task force that you and I call our day job now - It sometimes requires some - Shall we say , bureaucratic maneuvering To keep it alive and free from political meddling , Which means sometimes I don 't tell you everything For your own protection . With all due respect , That 's not good enough . Now , I 've been trained for a lot : Hostage crises , terror campaigns , Suicide bombers , chemical attacks , But you know the things I 've seen since I started Working for you . If I 'm gonna do this job , I need to know what it is I 'm dealing with . And you will . When you 're ready . Until then , I suppose you 'll need to trust me . So what 're we looking for ? If my hypothesis is correct , If he is picking up the thoughts Of another human being , It will leave a distinct signature . And you think we 'll be able to identify Whose thoughts they are ? That 's preposterous . But they may be able to intercept them . Magnificent machine . Do you mind if we view the axial images ? His vitals are spiking . What 's happening ? No idea . But I 'm extremely interested to find out . Something 's wrong ! Shut it down , now ! H - Help ! Get up . You okay ? I - I think so . What did that ? Something in the blood . A magnetic compound of some kind . Dormant - Perhaps a parasite . What 's he saying ? I don 't understand . The machine is basically a gigantic magnet , And you 've got metal in your blood . If we hadn 't turned it off , It would 've ripped your body apart . Would 've been quite a mess . Why would there be metal in his blood ? That 's not normal , right ? You wanna see everything from 1989 . No . Perhaps ' 79 . Fantastic . That 's very helpful . Oh , stop . I was right . Belly and I worked on this very problem . Belly ? Yeah . As in William Bell . Founder of Massive Dynamic , And one of the richest men on the planet . He and Walter used to share a lab together . Loved cloves . Awful odor . We posited A spectrum of waves lying outside of the range Of those already discovered . We hypothesized that these waves Could be used to communicate information . The government , of course , Was extremely interested . It was a brilliant idea . A theory , but a good one . They wanted to use the network To send their most clandestine information . Because if no other government knew the spectrum existed , They wouldn 't be listening in . Yes . And they called it the ghost network . But they asked us To take it one step further . To develop a method Where they could transmit directly From one person to another . I surmised that I could introduce An iridium-based , organometallic compound Into the subject 's brain . You have got to be kidding me . What ? Roy McComb was one of your test subjects . Of course . Yes ! That explains it , doesn 't it ? Explains it ? Yes , that explains why he almost died today . Because you injected something Into his brain nearly 20 years ago . No , what I gave him was not nearly enough To cause that reaction . The compound must have multiplied in his bloodstream Over time . Environment , perhaps diet . He was a sophomore volunteering for psych experiments . Did you ever even bother To explain to him what you were doing ? Well it wouldn 't have been A very secret experiment if I had . What 's going on ? How 's Roy McComb ? Roy McComb will be fine . No thanks to my father 's attempts To turn him into a human walkie-talkie . Wait a second . Don 't you try and change the subject ! What you just said Is on subject . The iridium-based compound that multiplied In his bloodstream has turned him into some kind of receiver . A receiver of what ? Transmissions . Someone else , it seems , And I 'm somewhat jealous of this , Has perfected our ghost network . And is using it to communicate . Our dear Roy is merely overhearing what they say . You will note that the rotary movement Gives the impression of a three-dimensional tunnel , When in fact it is not . Next slide , please . Ah , it 's an oldie but a goodie . As you observe this image , Your brain perceives first a duck , Then a rabbit , then a duck again . It always comes back to the duck . In truth , the image is neither . But it illustrates the brain 's need To take random sensory input and construct it Into a meaningful whole - Great . Despite - Thank you . We get it . Uh , I 'm sorry . I don 't think I do get it . Well neither do I. I just want him to stop . I 'll get the lights . I suspect someone Has continued my research . But they 've taken the easy way out . Merely using the ghost network As a secure telecommunications channel . You 're suggesting that Roy 's listening in To someone 's telephone network . Yes . But no , not listening . Roy 's brain is trying To interpret the sensory input . Much as our brains Grapple with the duck rabbit , I told you . It always comes back to the duck . So if Roy 's receiving this frequency , Is there any way that we can tap in and hear them ? Or maybe even ID them ? Construct a receiver using that spectrum , It 's possible , of course . But it would take months . But it may be possible To redirect the transmissions from his visual centers To his auditory cortex . Wait , you want to rewire his brain ? Not without his permission . It would be a minor surgery . Minor brain surgery . Emphasis not on the minor . I would need a specific piece of equipment . Magnetic neurostimulator I built in 1983 . With a few adjustments , it would work . All right . We 'll just go back in time and get it for you . No need to . It 's most likely where I left it 17 years ago . Hidden in a wall in our old house in cambridge . Blast from the past . What 's the game plan here ? We just gonna knock on the door , Ask ' em if we can tear out their walls ? Pretty much . I guess the badge Is the " pretty please " in that equation . There 's no lights on . I 'm gonna call in . See if we can track down the owner for consent . What 're you doing ? What ? This is barely even a crime . I used to live here . Normal pupil response . Taking any medications , prescribed or illicit ? You can be truthful . I won 't judge . In fact , if the answer is no , I may encourage some drug use . No , none . Any food allergies ? Not that I 'm aware of . Good , good , good . This all checks out . Strap him down . We 'll get started . Oh , god . Strap me down ? There 's nothin to be worried about . I guess , uh - It must seem pretty silly . Thinking God is talking to me and everything . What were you supposed to think ? That I was just crazy . I considered that , too . It 's gotta be sort of a relief , right ? Knowing there 's a rational explanation ? I wouldn 't exactly call any of this rational . Do you really think That this is going to help you catch the guys That killed those people on the bus ? You 're our best lead . No pressure , huh ? We lived here when I was a kid , But after walt was institutionalized , My mom couldn 't afford the mortgage . So we moved down to an apartment in Austin . So where 's your mother now ? That 's a story for another time . So tell me . Of all the possible career choices , How did a girl like you end up in law enforcement ? Well , I pretty much knew this was what I wanted to do By the time I was nine . When I was nine years old , I think I wanted to be a brontosaurus . They say the psych profiles of cops and criminals Are pretty much identical . Ever consider a life of crime ? No dental . Nothing . Of course . Huh . What ? My mom had this covered up . Used to hide in it all the time . You 'll need to be awake for the procedure . But I 'm going to give you a mild sedative To reduce any anxiety . Dr. Bishop , You look really familiar to me . Hmm . I hear that a lot . In the mental institution where I lived . He 'll need a moment . Oh . You 've returned . How was the old house ? How is Rufus ? Well , the house is just like we left , But we put Rufus to sleep almost 20 years ago , Walter . Oh . That 's terrible news . We found your equipment . Oh , this brings back some memories . Of what ? I think it 's time for some intracranial penetration . This won 't hurt . Just feel A touch odd . Okay . Is this Poli-Sci 101 ? Not remotely . Who was it ? Freshmen . I need you to keep this dial Steady at 60 hertz - 10 gauss Until I tell you otherwise . I believe there are clusters of metal In the visual centers of your brain . I 'm going to attempt to move them To those regions which process sound . You 'll be shown a series of images . I need you to tell me Any sensations you experience as you see each image . Sounds easy enough . First image , please . It 's a horse . Wonderful . 50 gauss . What the hell was that ? Oh , that was your body 's normal muscle response . It 's perfectly natural . You may also experience an involuntary bowel movement . Great . Next image , son . Oh , man . Mmm , oh , this is bad . Oh , this is weird . Uh , I - I 'm - Mmm - I 'm tasting , uh , dirt . Uh , no wait , it 's uh , gasoline . We 've reached the gustatory cortex . We 're getting close . Next image , please . I don 't know . It 's a beach . Well , no sensations at all ? I don 't think so . Dammit , don 't you feel anything ? Uh , I 'm a little scared . I don 't understand . This should be working . Walter , take a deep breath . It 's gonna be okay . Nuntia adhuc ... you . Increase the level to 200 gauss . Ita , modo eum collocutus sum . Don 't do that ! Stop , I said ! Quando flet . What did you say ? I don 't know . I can hear voices . Una hora Locum statuisti . I think that 's latin . It is . He just said , um - Damn , what 's that word ? Hora , um - Hour . Something 's happening in an hour . How in the world Can you possibly know that ? I majored in linguistics . My latin 's admittedly a bit fuzzy . Okay , keep going . Ad stationem Ad stationem , that means station . Orstreelum-No wait . Australem ob Australem means south . And then ... Commerciam convenimus . An exchange is being made . Um - An exchange at south station . I think someone 's meeting at south station To make an exchange in an hour . Bene ubi fuit . He just said , " good , where was it . " Ab initio In eius corpore fuit . From the beginning , On her person . It was on her person . Um . It was on her from the start ? Maybe or - She had it on her the whole time . Oh , yeah , that 's a possible translation . Hey ! Where ya goin ' ? There was a three-inch incision In Evelina 's right palm . Whatever she had on her , Davidson cut it out . She was hiding it in her hand . I 'm heading to south station now . I think he 's planning a hand-off at 5 : 00 . We have to assume Davidson 's workin ' for the same people Who hit the bus . I 'll notify CI . But in the meantime , I 'm sending the field assist your way . But plainclothes only . We don 't want to tip him off . Oh , my God . What 's wrong ? I believe with proper demodulation , You could receive satellite television for free . Okay . Fun time 's over . Astrid , let 's get him unhooked . It 's me , I 'm at the station . Where am I meeting your man ? Excuse me ? I 'm getting something . It 's in english . We can see you . Outside south station . We 're verifying you haven 't been followed . Then we 'll instruct you further . That 's it . It 's Olivia . Hey , Roy 's talking again . Are you at south station ? Yeah . Why ? So are they . Did you get anything else ? They 're checking to make sure that Davidson wasn 't followed . I think that 's it for now . Okay . Thanks . Could I get a drink or something ? Yeah . I 'll get you a glass of water . Go ahead . We 're clear on our end . Go inside . Here you go . And head to the Dewey Square exit . You got that ? How will I recognize the person I 'm meeting ? They 'll recognize you . Yeah . It 's happening now . He 's headed to the Dewey Square exit . Got it . Francis . We got him . He 's at the south end of the terminal . Turn around And put your hands in the air now . What happened ? He 's been shot . He 's not breathing . Call in a medevac ! The case . They 've made the exchange . He 's running . Stay with him . FBI ! Put the case on the ground . Drop the gun now ! Put your hands where I can see them . All that trouble for this . So any idea what it is ? Not yet . But I 'm hoping our friends at the nsa Will be able to tell us . So 11 innocent people die today , We risk losing another by drilling through his head , All for something we know nothing about ? Do you ever smile , Dunham ? We ID 'd the shooter . Matthew Ziegler . When we ran his fingerprints , he popped up On two other pattern-related cases . We 're digging into his financials , travel records . Linkage , Dunham . Not only can we now put a face to these people , But we know they 're communicating . And how . I 'd say that 's an impressive day 's work . Which brings me to this . What is it ? Of all the models in Roy 's apartment , Three of them are incidents that we haven 't been aware of . Pattern cases . It would seem so . Take a look . If you want . Let me know if you have any thoughts . I 'll do that . I 'll see you tomorrow . How are you feeling ? My head hurts a little , but , um , Dr. Bishop gave me something for the pain . Vicodin . That 's it . I promise . So no more transmissions . No . My guess is once you arrived at south station With the cavalry , they realized the ghost network Was compromised , and stopped broadcasting on it . Well just in case , If you hear anything else , Do me a favor , gimme a call . I will . It felt really nice to be able to help . Thank you . You 're welcome . I have a few release forms I need you to sign , And then I can take you home . Okay . Dunham . Any requests ? How ' bout some Bach ? Bach ? No , that 's way too stuffy . What you need is some jazz . Well I 'll take what I can get . I 'm sure you can understand why I don 't wanna go through channels . If I know you at all , this isn 't the only reason you 're here . Is this because of our interest in agent Dunham ? Seems a bit early to be poaching My newest hire , With only a three-case resume under her belt . I didn 't achieve my position without the ability To evaluate someone 's talents immediately . Neither did I. Oh , you feel protective of her , don 't you ? I 'm in the business of protecting all my agents . I want nothing but the best for her . Of course you do . We found another one . Let 's see what we have . Well , crystalline structure 's intact . No detectable oscillations . This may just be what we need to break the encryption . Speaking of which , I 'm told you 've made progress . See for yourself . We finally stabilized the link . We 've been pulling information from the disk For the last 72 hours . Let me know when it 's finished .
