 Hey , do you need a menu ? You okay ? Do you want some food ? There 's a wicked good vegetable soup . Hey give me a soup. onion ? No vegetable. no one likes the onion . And call marty would you ? Marty ? how come ? There 's some woman here who might be in trouble . She might need some help . Here you go . Thank you . I used to love those crackers . When I was kid My mom would always get pissed at me Because whenever we went out to eat I 'd always eat like three packs Before the food came and then I 'd be stuffed . What happened there ? Not that it 's any of my business . I 'll leave you alone if you like . I 'm trying to remember . I was at thurber 's . Hey marty . I 'll just have a soda . How you doing tonight ? You live around here ? I do . I live in the area . Haven 't seen you around . I know I was born in boston . Oh yeah ? you were born there ? So uh where do you live now ? Where 's home ? I don 't remember . They ... They did things . Who did things ? I - I don 't-i don 't know . They - They gave me a red medicine . Yeah ? So uh what was the red medicine ? They didn 't tell me . Okay that 's all right . And um a blue one . There was blue . They - They confused me . They ... hurt me and - Ma 'am I think you should come with me . - No . - I can help you . No ! no no no you 're not in any trouble . No stop-stop it ! You need to talk to somebody . Stop it ! This is officer pitts . I 've got a 5150 . Can you make sure that hannah 's available tonight please . Aah ! ben . Ben ! I need an ambulance at the diner right away ! Right now ! What the hell is this ? ! What ? Oh that doesn 't bother you ? Are you kidding ? That man falls asleep Counting pi to the 101st digit . That 's soothing . Walter ! Was I humming ? I thought it was in my head . It wasn 't . Forgive me olivia . Nothing sings like a kilovolt . Unique pitch . Nothing else in nature quite like it . I 'm sure you 're right . What 's up ? what 's on your mind ? Short fuse today I guess . Indeed the tension in your voice Indicates that you 're carrying a heavy psychic burden . Tortured by the depths of some - Hey walter I think she liked it better When you were humming . The incident occurred approximately six hours ago . All we 've been able to determine so far Is that they were exposed to high levels of radiation . Emily kramer . Last night was the first time Anyone had seen her in two weeks Since she was reported missing by her parents . Police officer inside Responded to a psych disturbance Which would explain why we found her in handcuffs . You think she was a runway ? Her parents say no . They say she was perfectly happy . In fact she 'd just been accepted To a masters program she was excited about . Curiously the level of radiation Coming from emily 's body Is almost three times as great as the rest . Are you saying that she was the source ? Don 't know . Dr. bishop any thoughts ? Yes . Where can I get one of those white suits ? Ah ! oh yeah . There 's no head . She was sick . Most like bellini 's lymphocemia . Striped bruising on her neck and upper arms . You know what he 's talking about ? Bellini 's lymphocemia . it 's an auto-immune disease . Irreversible . The body destroys its own muscles and organs . Meaning it 's fatal. yeah . Though I 've never seen bellini 's cause a victim To lose her head . And what 's more curious This woman seems to have been in remission . Cured even . The rash appears to be healing . Bruises receding . How do you cure a disease that 's incurable ? I haven 't the slightest idea Though I myself Once cured this one in a dream . Opium. fantastic stuff . Of couse I forgot it as soon as it worked out Ugh ! thanks for the warning . 121 degrees . That 's counter-indicative for a hemorrhagic tumor . Most likely water molecules excited all at once . He means the guy 's brain was boiled . Like a maine lobster . I need this body and the headless one Taken back to my lab . Walter her disease . if there 's no cure - Well that 's the question . And one which we should pose to whoever was treating her . Which makes three questions . The other one being what exactly happened here ? That 's only two questions . Oh is it ? oh the third question ! Um could I get some of this onion soup ? It looks delicious . Agent dunham ? Nadim patel. pleasure to meet you . Thank you thank you very much For taking the trouble to talk to me . Of course . I 've been told you have news about emily kramer . Unfortunately I do . Emily was found dead last night . What ? how ? I 'm not at liberty to discuss that with you . Forgive me . I 'm just ... Emotional investment in patients . It 's an occupational hazard . Her poor parents must be devastated After everything they 've already been through . Yes and I hate troubling you about this But we understand that emily was suffering From a fatal disease that had recently gone into remission . That 's right . Do you have any idea how that 's possible ? Medically no . Were you treating her With any sort of radiation therapy ? Radiation ? no. why ? The-the circumstances surrounding emily 's death Were unusual . And it 's possible that her condition May have been a factor . I 'll get you her records if that 'll help . Yeah . She was finally starting to live again . Do I really need to be here ? Couldn 't you just use a clamp ? Of course I could . But I enjoy the company . Quality time as they say . Yeah ' cause this is just like Throwing around the old pigskin . What 's that smell ? Hyacinth my third favorite flower . Associated in mythology with rebirth Which in this case is cruelly ironic . It 's coming from her ? Indeed which indicates Either a mutation of the genetic level Or she was eating flowers . Perhaps her perfume . How 's it coming ? Oh olivia join us . We 've learned some things already We don 't think she ran away . Ligature marks . So she was being held against her will . Either that or she had A proclivity for sexual bondage . Scientific observation not a judgment . Some of my fondest memori - Oh walter stop . Wherever that 's going is just wrong . There 's also this . Subcutaneous injection marks . She was being given medicine intravenously . So whoever was holding her captive Was giving her drugs . Yes but not the enjoyable kind . In fact quite unlike Anything I 've ever seen before . You okay ? Should I be ? So how 'd she end up in the diner ? Did she escape ? perhaps not . There are two distinct methods In scientific experimentation . Lab trials or field trials . You 're suggesting they may have let her go on purpose ? Whoever did this wanted to make sure What they did to her was working . So there was something inside her That killed those people at the diner . And her - noggin ? I 'm not sure yet . It 's a theory . Obviously I 'll be more certain Once we identify the substance. sorry . Or when whoever did this ... hey charlie . Tries to repeat their results . You mean if they take another woman . Judging by agent dunham 's body language I 'd say she 's receiving that very news . Okay . Missing persons called in another case four hours ago . Her name is claire williams . She was diagnosed With bellini 's lymphocemia three years ago . Someone 's targeting people with the disease ? That or it 's one hell of a coincidence . Hey liv . I get it . You get what ? Young woman what was done to her . You know this coming your way today of all days . It 's okay . I 'm okay . Listen I know you don 't like to celebrate But happy birthday . Ken williams ? Olivia dunham charlie francis fbi . Claire. did you find her ? I 'm afraid we don 't have new information . But we do need to ask you a few questions . Her name is emily kramer . She 's suffered from the same disease as your wife . You seen her before ? Another case ? What-what happened to her ? Do you know her mr. williams ? No i-i don 't think so . We don 't know anyone else with bellini 's I mean what we went through fighting claire 's disease . And the constant pain . When the lesions started appearing She stopped going out . That damn disease almost took everything from us Even our marriage . And then ... it was like a miracle . A miracle ? She started getting better . The pain went away . She went into remission ? About six weeks ago . She was herself again . And now ... Please find my wife . Please find her for me . What 's happening ? Please don 't hurt me . The diner was a test. this one counts . Is she a candidate ? Even better . Let 's get started . To understand what happened at the diner We 'll use mr. papaya . Clear ! This is upsetting Because he 's the friendliest of fruits . And we have goo-ification . Is that the scientific term ? Wait . The show 's not over yet . Is that what you think happened to the people in the diner ? That beam emits high energy microwaves Which cause mr. papaya 's molecules To vibrate rapidly Causing friction and producing heat . It 's like how a microwave oven cooks food . Only in emily kramer 's case she was the oven . But then what killed emily ? This demonstration is far more effective with living tissue . I have some expendable gerbils in the back. no . Oh it 's no trouble . I 'm sure you 'd like it . Walter just drop it . Wait am I missing something ? How is it that emily is um cooking people ? In her blood I found traces of radioactive isotopes . Strontium 90 . I believe that these microscopic capsules Are designed to release Just the right amount of radiation at specific times To cure her disease . So you think these capsules saved her life . Think of it like time-released chemotherapy . Oh yes but in emily 's case The cure also made her a perfect candidate For weaponization . Whatever was injected into her bloodstream Caused these capsules to burst all at once Sending out a microwave bias And perhaps given her own head Was the source of energy-kaboom . So emily 's rheumatologist dr. patel Would he have access to these sorts of isotopes ? It 's doubtful . They only use them in a couple of therapies And they 're really strictly regulated . Why ? You think patel had something to do with this ? I don 't know . But 83 % of kidnap victims Are abducted by someone they know . I 'm gonna go and talk to emily kramer 's parents . I 'll come with you . Oh peter ! If you 're going out Could you bring me back some cotton candy ? Cotton candy. yep . Blue not pink . I 've had a craving . Must be the hyacinths . Lovely blue flowers . You 're probably way ahead of me on this already But I 'm noticing certain uncomfortable similarities Between this and some of the other incidents We 've been covering lately . More humans are being used as guinea pigs . My points is if this is part of the pattern What if these people aren 't just experiments ? What if somebody is preparing for something ? Maybe we should come back later . Before or after they do to claire williams What they did to emily kramer ? Olivia this is a wake . These people are mourning their child . No . Don 't you need a warrant for this ? Hey olivia stop ! Okay crashing a wake is bad enough But rifling through a dead girl 's things ? It 's the only hope of finding a solid lead So please help me . What is it that we 're looking for ? Anything any connection she may have had - What are you doing in here ? Who are you ? What are you doing in my daughter 's room ? Mrs. kramer we 're terribly sorry about your loss . We 're with the fbi . Fbi ? today ? you come here today ? Mrs. kramer please listen to me . Another girl 's life is at stake . What do you mean ? what other girl ? Her name is claire williams. claire ? What 's happened to claire ? You know her ? A therapist told her to write through The pain and the alienation that she felt . It was all she had until the treatments . The treatments ? for her bellini 's . Emily and claire both had the disease . That 's how they met. here . They became such good friends . Why 'd you lie to me mr. williams ? We met emily at the hospital Waiting for blood tests . She and claire started talking Sharing horror stories about their disease . They became friends . One night over dinner the conversation turned To how the medical establishment Had abandoned us . See , there 's only 3,000 people in this country who suffer from Bellini 's . Not enough for the drug companies to make a profit . So they 're not looking into developing a cure . And we started talking to some other people we met who also had the disease . A Microbiologist , an Investment Banker , the mother of a professional Athlete . Started thinking about what we could do If we pooled our resources . So Claire and Emily were treating themselves . We didn 't have a choice . We were desperate . We tried radical therapies normal doctors wouldn 't touch . Three months ago we found a cure . Time-released radioactive capsules . Yeah . I don 't understand , why lie ? Because the people we love are depending on it . I couldn 't take the chance you 'd stop that . Claire wouldn 't want that . It 's what gave us our lives back . Mr. Williams , we will need the names of the other patients involved . I could give you some , but I don 't know all of them . You 'll have to ask Dr. Nadim Patel . Emily 's doctor . He knew this was going on ? He cared enough to help us . The medication . Do you have a sample ? Is that my ... Bellini 's medication ? Just ... tell me what you 're doing . Please just tell me what you 're doing to me . We know all about your disease , Claire . We know that this ... makes you better . But this ... This will make you special . I 'm so tired . What is this ? When I told you there were unusual circumstances surrounding Emily 's death . These were the circumstances . I don 't understand . We know how it worked , Dr. Patel . Ken Williams told us everything . What we don 't know is who else was involved . I 'm not responsible for this , not this . - All I do is give them updates . - Who 's they ? - Who 's they ? - Intrepus . - The drug company ? - You should just walk away . You have no idea who you 're dealing with what they 're capable of . I need a name , Dr. Patel . Dr. Patel ? Dr. Patel . - Drop it ! - I swear , it was only supposed to be updates . Dr. Patel , put the gun on the ground now . I 'm a doctor , a healer . Do you want a name ? David Esterbrook . No ! I found him . David Esterbrook . He heads up Intrepus Pharmaceutical research division . By all accounts , he 's solely responsible for a guns blazing congressional lobbying campaign That allowed Intrepus to dig into some of their more controversial RD . Define controversial . Prenatal gene therapy . Human-animal hybridization studies . Viral warfare . All the fun stuff . He 's in Manhattan today . He 's speaking on a humanitarian aide forum . Listen , Liv . Even if the doctor was right Even if Esterbrook had something to do with what happened to those women . I 'm gonna go out on a limb . I 'm gonna say he 's not gonna confess . I want to see it in his eyes , Charlie . I need to know it 's him . Mr. Esterbrook ? Sorry to interrupt . Amanda Bennet , Baxil . Listen , with the risk of sounding sycophantic I 've followed your work since Yale . Three degrees Including a PH.D in Medicinal Neurobiology . I couldn 't even get through biochem without cheating off my roommate . I 'm sorry . This must sound insanely naive to you . No , hardly . Science and technology has reached a point where our means are finally catching up with our imaginations . And the only thing preventing us from doing truly visionary work are these moral-based restrictions that lawmakers put up in the name of public policy . That and money . We always need more money . I 'm gonna let you in on a little secret , Amanda . It isn 't about the money . It is about the resolve . I haven 't been entirely honest with you . I don 't work for Baxil But I know a colleague of yours . Dr. Nadim Patel . How is Nadim these days ? These days ? Dead . I 'm sorry to hear that . Not as sorry as I was to watch it happen . Identify theft is a federal crime , Amanda . So is kidnapping and murder . And it 's agent Dunham . Tell me what did you hope to get out of this conversation ? I already got it . How old are you ? 28 ? 29 ? You 're an attractive young woman . I 'm sure you want to start a family one day . It would be a shame if anything got in your way . Broyles . When ? Dunham . Hey . I understand you paid a little visit to David Esterbrook . News travels fast . I was just about to type up the report In public in a hotel bar . I didn 't realize my interview techniques Were under such close scrutiny . Everything we do is under close scrutiny . This task force that you 're now part of At best it 's ... controversial . We need to be perfect . Trying to intimidate such a high profile suspect In a murder investigation is reckless at best . Claire williams is a prisoner right now Having god know what injected into her body . And david esterbrook knows where she is . He 's guilty And he just assumes he 'll get away with it . So excuse me but right now I couldn 't give a damn about politics . Which is exactly your problem and now mine . You think you 're the only one Who wants to find claire williams ? You violated the cardinal law of our profession . You let your feelings drive your decision making . And as a result you 've endangered Not only claire williams ' life But everything we 're trying to do here . If I can 't trust you to control your own passion dunham Then I can 't trust you . Is that clear ? You 'll have my report On the esterbrook interview within the hour . I 'll be waiting . Is there anything else you 'd like me to run past you ? Not anything . Everything . How 's it going ? She 's almost ready . And the capsules in her blood stream . They can be triggered remotely ? Everything 's as requested . She 'll be stable and ready for transport by morning . I 'll call the client and schedule delivery . Well done What 's happening to me ? How 's it going ? It 's great . Esterbrook 's our only lead To where they 're holding claire williams And I can 't get to him . I mean the guy 's cleaner than snow . Not even as much as an unpaid parking ticket . I think we actually might be making some progress . Couple minutes ago walter thought he might have Isolated the compound that 's in emily kramer 's blood But then he got distracted By the unicorn running through the lab . Funny . Anything else ? Got any more jokes ? All right something 's been bugging you all day . Something other than claire williams . And that 's okay. you know what ? We 're all allowed to have our bad days . What 's not fine is blaming it on me . I want to find her just as much as you do . You 're right . I 'm sorry . I ... I 'm sorry . Fine . I had a stepfather . And when he drank he 'd accuse my mom Of seeing other men and then he 'd hit her . And she just lived with it . She never called the police not once . Then one day he beat her really bad And broke her nose . I was nine . Stormed out of the house Got in his car drove off . My mom 's crying and I can 't help her . And then I hear his car . He 's turned back around . He kept a gun in the drawer near his bed . When he opened the door I pulled the trigger . Then I pulled it again . And I can still see his face Almost daring me to finish . But I couldn 't . So ... they took him to the hospital And said that he couldn 't be saved But he didn 't die . He recovered . Then one night he just slipped away . We never saw him again . And I still blame myself because I should 've done it . I should 've killed him . And I know that rationally He is not responsible for all the bad things in the world But he is responsible for some of them . And every year he sends me a card on my birthday Just to let me know ... That he 's still out there . It 's your birthday today . No man is untouchable olivia . If you really want esterbrook All you have to do is talk to your friend nina sharp . Massive dynamic has three separate Pharmaceutical divisions . They 're in direct competition with intrepus . They 're annual budget for corporate espionage Could feed a mid-size nation . I guarantee you she has something on david esterbrook . - but even if you 're right I can 't go to her - why not ? Because despite their annual budget Corporate espionage is wildly illegal . You really think that she 'd admit that to me ? It 's here somewhere . I know it is . I just have to look harder . I 'm going out . Okay . peter ! To be honest I didn 't even know you were here . Thank you . Excuse me. ms. sharp . I 'm peter Peter bishop. walter bishop 's son . You 're not the only one who 's done their homework . What can I do for you mr. bishop ? I was hoping I could take a moment of your time . Does ms. dunham know you 're here ? No no she doesn 't know I 'm here . Well peter Suppose we take a walk . You 're suggesting that intrepus is conducting Illegal drug trials with human beings . That is a rather bold claim to make mr. bishop . How are you able to substantiate Your information ? Would you put it past them ? Let 's assume for a second that what I 'm saying is true . Hmm. where would they do it ? They wouldn 't risk using One of their own testing facilities . It 'd have to be some place off the grid . You know you still look just the same As you did when you were a child . Oh I doubt you 'll remember But you and I spent a good deal of time together . Some of it right here . Your father and I were quite close When we were both much younger . Now I have all kinds of information peter And some of it does me no good . We 'll take the aymara people for instance of central peru . I know that the soil beneath their land Houses a naturally occurring metal alloy That is potentially hyperconductive . I also know that you have managed To successfully conduct business with these And other tribal concerns in parts of the world Traditionally resistant to development . I 'm sorry ms. sharp . I think i 'm about to miss your question . My question is . Are you willing to make a bargain . I give you exact location you want and then exchange I 'll get to come to you someday And you return favor . No questions asked . Do we have a deal ? Do you smell that ? Yes and next time how about a little warning ? Oh not that . Methyleugenol . The chemical responsible For giving hyacinths their aroma . What about it ? I have been trying to determine What caused the radioactive capsules In emily kramer 's bloodstream to burst at once . This is it asterisk . Astrid. her name is astrid . I 've got it peter . methyleugenol is the key ! That 's what they injected her with . That 's why these women were chosen . By itself harmless but given their treatments - Causing all the capsules to burst at once . They made her radioactive . They turned her into a weapon . It will be a decidedly blue compound And now that i - No ... yes ... yes ! That 's it. a bonding agent . That will work . That will interfere with the process . How long ? How long will it take to make the cure ? Oh not long at all now that I know . Where 's olivia ? When did this happen ? When did this become the world we live in ? Patel esterbrook . These are the people we trust to take care of us . 5620 stapleton avenue . The facility where claire williams is being held . How could you possibly - Radioactive isotopes have a heat signature That 's visible to spy satellites . I had a friend track it down Through the national reconnaissance office . You have a friend at the nro . I have a friend who 's cracked their control systems . Peter if I pull the trigger on this And the information 's bad - It 's good . Charlie I 've got a solid lead . A strike team. full tactical . How we doing ? almost there . No we 're sure. this is the one . We 've got a visible heat signature from the isotopes . Visible heat signature ? Radioactive isotopes don 't give off - Walter walter stay focused . How we doing ? Oh uh um olivia This is the antidote . Okay charlie we 're coming now . Listen to me . You must inject this directly into her bloodstream . In the jugular preferably. okay . Facility 's located On the southern edge of framingham . Surveillance teams reported Armed security on the premises . We 're expecting resistance So this will be a tactical entry . Our main objective Is securing the victim claire williams . Judging from the layout It 's likely she 's being held at the basement level . We 'll enter through the northwest of the building . Alpha team will enter through the front Clear out the west of the building . Bravo team will clear the lower levels . Are we clear ? Then let 's make this happen . Fbi you 're under arrest . Get down now ! Hands behind your head . Room is clear . I need one I need one I need one ! Look out ! Man down ! We have a man down. we need immediately medevac . Call it in . Stay with him . Level 's secure. we 've got a few in custody . Any sign of claire ? no . I 'm going down. watch yourself . Step away from that please . Where is she ? where 's claire williams ? Agent dunham you can 't go in that room . The radiation it 'll kill us all . Claire ! claire ! Claire my name 's olivia dunham . I 'm with the fbi . I know you 're scared but I need you to listen to me . I need you to come to the door . I can 't come in there . My hea .. it hurts . That 's medicine . I need you to come to the door and take it . I can 't come in there. aah ! Claire ! Claire look at me ! that 's good . Now come to the door. keep coming . I need you to take the syringe . I 'm gonna tell you what to do . Good. good claire . Claire ! Look at me claire ! Claire I 'm right here with you . Claire ! Claire you need to jab yourself In your jugular on the side of your neck . Oh my god. my head ! Claire ! claire ! Claire do it ! you can do this . Claire just do it . I know you can do it . Stab it in. aah ! Agent dunham . Apparently I didn 't make my point clearly enough . I thought you 'd be interested to know That claire williams is safe . Can 't say I 'm familiar with that name . That 's odd . Because an employee of yours elizabeth sarnoff Just admitted that you supplied her With the facility and the equipment To make emily kramer and ms. williams Into human weapons . A disgruntled former employee Will say just about anything To vilify the boss that fired her . Then you won 't mind coming with me To answer some questions . Do you honestly see this going anywhere agent dunham ? I have a law firm on retainer That charges more by the hour Than you make in an entire year . Then I suggest you get them to meet you at the fbi . I guess I will include police harassment In the litany of charges that I will file against you . I 'm still gonna walk you out that door in handcuffs For resisting questioning . So the press that I tipped off Can splash your picture all over the news . You may not answer to me Or the federal government But you do answer to a board of directors . And I wonder what their response will be When they have their company dragged Into the middle of a murder investigation . I guess by now you 've heard . That you frog marched a senior officer Of a multibillion dollar conglomerate out of his office ? Yeah I heard . Quite a few cameras there . The press . They always get their pound of flesh . I understand that you think I acted too emotionally . And putting aside the fact That men always say that about women they work with I 'll get straight to the point . I am emotional . I do bring it into my work . It 's what motivates me . It helps me to get into the headspace Of our victims See what they 've seen . Even if I don 't want to . even if it horrifies me . And I think it makes me a better agent . If you have a problem with that sorry . You can fire me . But I hope you don 't . You 're not getting off that easy agent dunham . I 'll see you in the moring . Today as the spike in the price of oil Again sent tremors through the financial markets But for pure shock value Nothing beats today 's very public detainment On intrepus ' david esterbrook by the fbi . Intrepus stock is being absolutely pummeled In overnight trading And analysts predict it will open At $ 23 a share . That 's a ten-year low . Which of course is very good news For intrepus ' competitors Most notably massive dynamic . Shares of md are up almost 12 % As investors flee To the most reliable brand in the sector . Hey. olivia ! Did you lock yourself out again ? Actually walter this is our hotel . I need to talk to you . Sure . I 'll see you upstairs okay ? It 's nice to see you . Good night walter . And remember tonight please The red toothbrush is mine . White for walter . That 's me. right ? Yes . Everything okay ? I know where you got your information . About claire williams . What was her price ? What did nina sharp want in return ? Nothing untoward if that 's what you 're worried about . Peter . You don 't have to worry about me . I 'm a big boy . I can take care of myself . You 've been looking out for me So I 'm just returning the favor . Thank you . There was no letter today was there ? No . Happy birthday . You better get back upstairs Before walter falls asleep in your bed . Yeah . He has actually done that before . While I was sleeping . Really not something you want to wake up to . Good night . Good night .
