 Hey , buddy . You don 't waste time , do you ? I try not to . Well , you need help ? Sure . Harry : would you like to tell us What the hell that was all about ? I don 't like good-Byes . Kind of the point of a good-Bye party , john . Went to a certain amount of trouble , you know ? Could 've at least stayed a few minutes , huh ? Eaten some of the food we so feverishly prepared ? I apologize , harry . But why are you moving so quickly ? You only resigned a couple of days ago . You got the history chair at stanford . I wish . Well , taquitos , chicken wings , Roastie-Toasties and beer . If we 'd had more time , We 'd have done something a little more grandiose . Candlelight dinner at mcdonald 's . Strippers . Taquitos are fine . A 'right . Dan : art 's gonna be along , too . He 's , uh , talking to a student . Pfft . Is george taking over for you ? George or trimbell - Has the dean made up his mind ? He hasn 't called . My god ! Wh-What is this ? It looks like a van gogh , But i 've never seen it before . Dan : is that an original , john ? No , it 's just a gift someone gave me . Still , it 's a superb copy . Contemporaneous , i think , May i take a closer look ? Please , yeah . Yeah , it 's the same stretcher as van gogh used . Yeah , there 's writing on the back in french . Oh , " to my friend jacque borne . " Wonder who that was ? Someone he knew , i guess . Brilliant deduction , sherlock . Surely you 'll have this looked at , appraised ? Well , maybe sometime , But i wouldn 't really want money for it . That does it . Put that stuff in the kitchen . No , i 'm gonna put it in the bathroom , john . Gas is off , electricity 's on . Get comfortable while you can . The furniture 's going this afternoon . It 's been years since i sat on a floor . Heh . I can 't remember her name . Eh , it 's good for the back . Can we do yoga exercises ? Harry : tantric yoga , we can . ( Chuckles ) So you 're leaving good old " we teach u . " Rather suddenly , you must admit . Truth time , john . Is there a problem ? No . Oh , come on , you know we wanna help . That 's appreciated , but really - There 's no problem . Well , now i am curious . Where are you going ? Givin ' up tenure ... A decade of professorship , In line to chair the department , And you don 't know where you 're going ? Call it cabin fever . After a while , i get itchy feet . I 've done this before . No , no , no , you 're too young to have done this before . And he hasn 't aged a day in ten years . Every woman on the faculty Would give anything to have that secret . Is that what they 're after , edith ? Oh , stop , harry . ( Giggles ) Wow , can you pull this ? Harry : what the hell ? What do you hunt ? Deer , mostly . Around big bear . With a bow and arrow ? Most people can 't bag a deer With a rifle and a telescopic sight . Though , good eatin ' . The best wild game . Lives naturally , eats naturally . Edith : well , it 's beautiful . ( Motor hums ) Art . Ah . So , can i get an " a " for awesome ? Oh , my gosh . ( Chuckles ) That was fun . Hey , john . You know linda . You had her last semester . Hi . Hey . She 's one of my victims now . I 'm taking her home . She wanted to come by and say hello good-Bye . Is art as tough as i hear ? Oh , archaeology 's tough . Dr. Jenkins is a fine teacher . Art : oh , that 's very politic . It 's very true . Uh-Huh . Something for you to read on the road , pal . " Shadows of the cave : parallels to early man . " Author : m . Jenkins . Publish or perish . I 'd rather read Than write another one . Thank you . Hi . Oh , everybody , this is linda . Linda , this is everybody . Linda . Hi . So . Where you going , john , like we give a damn ? Dan : we 've already covered that . John 's got itchy feet . There are over-The-Counter remedies for that , john . ( Laughs ) So there is a problem . No . I just like to move on now and then . It 's a personal thing . Well , not to pry . I 'm sorry i don 't have more to offer you . Got conversation , some seats for your behinds , And , uh ... Harry : is he ducking out on us again ? ... i do have this . Oh ho ho ! Johnny walker green ! ( Laughs ) didn 't even know they made it in green . What do they pay you ? Nothing is too good for my friends . But i 'm sorry - We are down to plastic cups now . That 's a sacrilege I 'll tolerate . I will do the honors . Oh , come to papa . Ooh ! Here , cups , cups . There we go . Step on in here . There ya go ... One for the birthday boy - Excuse me . Art ? No , not for me . Oh , no , I don 't drink . ( Laughs ) we 're not gonna card you , darling . All right , here , join the circle at least . Well , to long life and good fortune To our esteemed friend And colleague , john oldman . May he find undeserved bliss Wherever he goes . Here , here . Skael . Na zdorovye . One off the top , john . Mm ! Oh , that 's good . Excuse me . John , we 're all sorry to see you go . Truly . Okay . Now we 're done with that , What do we do for the rest of the afternoon ? Anyone got a good topic ? Like this , maybe ? Heh . What is that ? It 's a burin of a parrot beak . Inclined chisel point ... Probably early magdalenian . Art : may i see that ? Sure . Yes indeed , that 's what it is . What 's a burin ? A burin is a flint tool For grooving wood and bone , antlers especially , To make spear and harpoon points . Magdalenians weren 't noted for flint work , So this is a very nice specimen . Okay , what 's a magdalenian ? A later cro-Magnon , Without gettin ' technical . It 's the final culture of the upper paleolithic . If stones could speak , eh , art ? So where 'd you get that , john ? Believe it or not , from a thrift shop - A quarter . You lucky dog ! I gotta go digging for this kind of stuff . Can i , uh ... ? Yeah . Huh . Maybe ... I 'm glad you did this . Did what ? You mean come over ? Maybe ? Definitely . Gee , thanks . Well , so are we . So are we . We couldn 't let you just run off . Thanks . John , what is up , huh ? Are you on america 's most wanted ? We won 't turn you in . Yeah , come on , out with it . You 're among friends . Snoopy friends . Forget it . You are creating the mystery here . Obviously , you have something you 'd like to say . Say it ! Well , maybe i ... Ten , nine , eight , seven ... Harry , stop . There is something i 'm tempted to tell you , i think . I 've never done this before , and i wonder how it 'll pan out . ( Harry chuckles ) I wonder if i could ask you a silly question . John , we 're teachers . We answer silly questions all the time . Hey ! What if a man from the upper paleolithic Survived until the present day ? What do you mean , survived ? Never died ? Yes . What would he be like ? Well , i know some guys . You ever been to the ozarks ? It 's an interesting idea . What , are you working on a science fiction story ? Say i am . What would he be like ? Pretty tired . ( Laughter ) Well , seriously , As art 's book title suggests , He might be like any of us . Dan . A caveman ? Well , there 's no anatomical difference Between , say , a cro-Magnon and us . Except that as a rule , we 've grown taller . What 's the selective advantage of height ? Better to see predators in tall grass , my dear . Actually , tall and skinny Radiates heat more effectively in warmer climates . And as for neanderthals , I mean , we 've all seen apish people . That strain 's still with us . But he 'd be a caveman . No , he wouldn 't . John 's hypothetical man Would have lived through 140 centuries ... Yeah , roughly . ... and changed with every one of them . I mean , assuming normal intelligence . Well , we think men of the upper paleolithic Were as intelligent as we are . They just didn 't know as much . John 's man would have learned as the race learned . In fact , if he had an inquiring mind , His knowledge might be astonishing . If you do write that , let me have a look at it . I 'm sure you 'll make some anthropological boners . It 's a deal . What would keep him alive ? What does the biologist say ? Cigarettes . And ice cream . ( Laughs ) All right , all right , i 'll play . All right , um , in science fiction terms , I would say ... Perfect regeneration of the body 's cells , Especially in the vital organs . Actually , the human body appears designed To live about 190 years . Most of us just die of slow poisoning . Maybe he did something right , Something everybody else in history had done wrong . What , like eat the food , Drink the water , and breathe the air ? Prior to modern times , Those were pristine . We 've extended our lifespan in a world that 's , uh ... Not fit to live in . You know , it could happen . The pancreas turns over cells every 24 hours , The stomach lining in three days , The entire body in seven years , But the process falters . Waste accumulates , eventually proves fatal to function . Now if a quirk in his immune system Led to perfect detox , Perfect renewal , then yeah . He could duck decay . Mm , that 's a secret we 'd all love to have . Would you really want to do that ? Live 14,000 years ? Well , if i could stay healthy and i didn 't age , I mean , why not ? Yeah . What a chance to learn . Is anyone hungry ? You know , the more i think about it , yeah , it 's possible . Anything is possible , right ? After all , one century 's magic , another century 's science . They thought columbus was a nut job , right ? Pasteur , copernicus ? Aristarchus long before that . Right . I had a chance to sail with columbus , Only i 'm not the adventurous type . I was pretty sure the earth was round , But at that point , i still thought He might fall off an edge someplace ... Look around , john . We just did . I suppose there 's a joke in there somewhere , But i don 't get it . There 's nothing to get . What are we talking about ? We were just talking about a caveman Who survives until the present time . As you said , what a chance to learn , Once i learned to learn . Did you start the whiskey before we got here ? Pretend it 's science fiction . Figure it out . Okay , a - ( Laughs ) - Very old cro-Magnon Living until the present . ( Grunts loudly ) Oh ! ( Laughing ) What ? John just confided that he 's 14,000 years old . Oh , john , you don 't look a day over 900 . Okay , okay . All right , spock , i 'll play your little game . What do you want ? What 's the punch line ? Every ten years or so , when people start To notice i don 't age , i move on . That 's very good , that 's very quick , john . I wanna read that story when you 're done . You want more ? By all means . This is great . All right , now ... ( Laughs ) So you think that you are a ... A , uh , cro-Magnon . Well , i didn 't learn it in school . That 's my best guess , Based on archaeological data , maps , anthropological research . Since mesopotamia , I 've got the last ... 4,000 years straight . You 're ahead of most people , so please , go on . Well , you know the background stuff , So i 'll make it brief . In what i call my first lifetime , I aged to about 35 ... What you see . I ended up leading my group . They saw me as magical . I didn 't even have to fight for it . Then fear came , and they chased me away . They thought that i was Stealing their lives away to stay young . The prehistoric origin of the vampire myth . That is good ! First thousand years , I didn 't know up from sideways . How do you know the first thousand years ? An informed guess , based on what I 've learned in my memories . Most people can scarcely remember their childhood , But you have memories of that time ? Like yours , selective . You know , the high points , the low points , traumas . They stick in the mind forever . Put down at 3 or 35 , you still feel a twinge . Go on . I kept getting chased because i wouldn 't die , So i got the hang of joining new groups i found . I also got the idea of periodically moving on . We were semi-Nomadic , of course , Following the weather and the game we hunted . The first 2,000 years were cold . We learned it was warmer at lower elevations . Late glacial period , i assume . What was the terrain like ? Mountainous . Vast plains to the west . West-Something you learned in school . Towards the setting sun . I suspect i saw the british isles From what is now the french coast . Huge mountains ... On the other side of an enormous deep valley That was shadowed by the setting sun . This is before they were separated From the continent by rising seas , as glaciers melted . That happened ? Yes , the end of the pleistocene . So far , what he says fits . Oh , yeah , into any textbook . And that 's where i found it . How can i have knowledgeable recall If i didn 't have knowledge ? It 's all retrospective . All i can do is integrate my recollections With modern findings . Caveman , you gonna hit me over the head with a club And drag me into the bedroom ? You 'd be more fun conscious . Oh , john . Let me get this straight . We 're not talking about reincarnation . You 're not saying that you remember Whatever the hell it would be , 200 separate lifetimes , dying And being born again and yada yada ? One lifetime . Some lifetime . Wow . Maybe there is something to this reincarnation thing . You 're supposed to come back Again and again , learn and learn , And somehow , john , you just managed To bypass all the other bodies . Well , what 's the point ? What about oceans ? Didn 't see them till much later . So how would you know an ocean from a lake ? Big waves - Something else I can only surmise in retrospect . Were you curious about where it all came from ? We would look up at the sky and wonder . " There 's gotta be some big guys up there . What else made all this down here ? " At first i thought There was something wrong with me - Maybe i was a bad guy for not dying . Then i began to wonder if i was cursed Or perhaps blessed . Then i thought maybe i had a mission . Do you still think you do ? God works in mysterious ways . I think i just happened . ( Phone ringing ) ( Laughs ) Wow . Hello ? Yes , ellie ? What 's wrong ? Sandy ? Coming . Yeah ? Do we have ellie 's midterm here ? Yeah , sorry . I picked it up with the periodicals . Got it . No , you 're worried about your parents ? Don 't-Don 't worry . You passed , c + . Take care of yourself . Good kid . What does pre-Med need with history ? Got it . Thank you . Sorry , guys . John , please continue . Come on , i thought we were done with that . No ! Let 's go on with it . It 's interesting . Besides , i think he 's making a certain amount of sense . Like hegel - Logic from absurd premises . That van gogh ? John : he gave it to me . I was , uh , jacque bourne at the time , A pig farmer . A pig farmer ? ( Laughing ) I like to work with my hands . He would come out to the place , paint . We talked about capturing nature in art . Turner , cezanne , pissarro . Oh , the nolde landscapes . Not in van gogh 's time . He would have loved them , though . Yes . Well , i don 't understand Why you can 't remember where you 're from . Geography hasn 't changed . I learned that in - Professor hensen 's tepid lectures . But you 're right . Where did you live when you were five years old ? Little rock . Your mother , she took you to the market ? Mm-Hmm . What direction was it ? From your house . I don 't know . How far ? Um , three blocks . Were there any references That stuck in your mind ? Well , there was a gas station And a big field . I was told i could never go there alone . And if you went back there today , Would it be the same ? No . I 'm sure it 's all different and built up . Thus the saying - " You can 't go home again " Because it isn 't there anymore . Picture it on my scale - I migrated through an endless flat space Full of endless new things - Forests , mountains , tundra , canyons . My memory sees what i saw then . My eye sees freeways , urban sprawl , Big macs under the eiffel tower . Early on , the world got bigger and bigger , And then ... Think what i 've had to unlearn . And now you 're moving on . As you 've said , there 's talk of my not aging , And when that happens , i move on . Well , it might make sense to set up your next identity , Your next ten years , and then just drop into it . I 've done that a few times , Even passed as my own son . " Oh , you 're an engineer , too ? You 're ben 's son . He was a good man . " Saves trouble with credentials and references . On the other hand , i 've been busted a few times . Spent a year in jail , belgium , 1862 - I won 't forget that - For faking a government application . When 'd you come to america ? 1890 , right after van gogh 's death , With some french immigrants ... Moving on . An answer for every question . Except one , john . Why 're you doing this ? A whim . Maybe not such a good idea . I ... Wanted to say good-Bye to you as me , Not what you thought i was . Well , since this isn 't funny , We think you might have a problem . A very serious problem . I 've got boxes to move . Sandy : i 'll give you a hand . Wouldn 't you have some relic , an artifact To remind you of your early life ? Like this , maybe ? Thrift shop . Really . If you lived 100 ... 1,000 years ... Would you still have this ? What would cause you to keep it ? As a memento to your beginnings , Even if you didn 't have The concept of beginnings ? It would be gone , lost . No . I don 't have artifacts . Keep that . Interesting . You could have lied about that . Don 't talk about me while i 'm gone . Is he serious ? If he is , i 'm sorry to say he 's ... Oh , how could he have concealed that for ten years ? Least he doesn 't appear to be dangerous . What are you doing ? Checkin ' for a hidden mic . Candid camera . He 's fabricating these wild stories . I 've never seen him acting like this . Oh , it 's crazy . All right , all right , as soon as you can , then . I love you , you know . I know . Since my first week at the office . And ? I care very much about you , But now you know what you 'd be getting into . Do you really think you 're a caveman ? Do you ? Could you love me , Or don 't you believe in that anymore ? I 've gotten over it too many times . Fond of you ... Certainly attracted to you . That 's it ? I can work with that . If what i 'm saying is true , You and any children will age . I won 't . And one day i 'll leave . You 'll go back to your may-December romances . The simple fact is That i can 't give you forever . How long 's forever ? Who ever really has it ? My parents split up before i was born , And then my mom 's next marriage lasted What , a whole three years ? Then there 's death , illness , acts of god ... No one knows how long they have . Or how little . I love you . Take whatever you can get . Like ten years ? Ah ! Ha ha ha ! ( Yells ) Uhn ! Oh . Why did you do that ? I wanted to see how fast you were . Check your reflexes . I don 't have eyes in the back of my head , I can 't hear a flea walking , I am not in any way superman . Well , i 'm a second-Degree black belt . Give it another thousand years . Well . I got it , i got it , i got it . Jesus . Smooth demonstration , harry . Sit on it , dan . Linda : i still have questions . Art : i-I do too , john . I mean , are we done with prehistory yet ? Remember any of your original language ? A little . One thing hasn 't changed much ... ( Wolf whistles ) Did you ever do any cave art ? Do you know the rock art at les eyzies ? Mm-Hmm . It was the work of a man named ... Giraud . He did a pretty good job . He would draw the animals That we hoped to find to eat . One day after a fruitless hunt , Our chief stomped his teeth out Because his magic had failed him . After that , someone had to chew his food for him . Finally , he got - I suspect - An infected jaw , And he was abandoned . That 's awful . You have to know what to kill . Is this why all your students Say your knowledge of history is ... So amazing ? No , that 's mostly based on study . Remember , it 's one man , one place at a time , My solitary viewpoint Of a world i knew almost nothing about . Well , let 's talk about What you say you do know about - Historical times . Don 't encourage him . Edith . Next few thousand years , it got warmer . A few thousand years - See , now , i know you 're guessing . You can 't get there from here , art . Well then , pray , continue . We hunted reindeer , mammoths - Bison , horses , The game retreated northward As the climate changed , You got the idea of growing food Rather than gathering it , Raising animals rather than hunting them . Am-Am i getting warm , here ? I bet i am . Lakeside living becomes commonplace , Fishing , fowling - Come on ! John , this is out of any textbook . Even yours . You got most of it right . Eventually i headed to the east . I 'd grown curious about the world . I 'd gotten the hang of going it alone , Learning how to fit in when i wanted to . East . Towards the rising sun ? Yes . I thought it might be warmer there . That 's when i saw an ocean . The mediterranean , probably . It was around the beginning of the bronze age , So i followed the trade routes from the east , Copper , tin , Learning languages as i went . Everywhere , creation myths , New gods , so many , so different . I finally realized that it was ... Probably all hogwash , So i was sumerian for 2,000 years , Then finally babylonian under hammurabi . Great man . And i sailed as a phoenician for a time . See , moving on had been easier as a hunter-Gatherer ... Difficult when villages emerged , Tougher still in city states where authority was centralized . Strangers were suspect . It seemed as though i was always moving on . I learned some new tricks - Even faked my death a couple of times . I continued east To india , Luckily at the time of the buddha . Luckily . Most extraordinary man i 've ever known . He taught me things I 'd never thought about before . You studied ... with the buddha ? Until he died . He knew there was something different about me . I never told him . This is fascinating . I almost wish it were true . Yeah , if it was true , why are you telling us ? I mean , we might leave here today , Go out there , tell everybody . It would vanish in disbelief . A story that goes around the room . No credibility . Even if i could make you believe me , In a month , you wouldn 't . Some of you would call me a psychopath , Others would be angry at a pointless joke . Some of us are angry now . This-This was a bad idea . Uh , i love you all , and i do not want To put you through anything . Then why are you doing it ? 'Cause i wanted to say good-Bye - As yourself . I think you 've done that , Whoever that self is . Easy , edith . We 're just grading his homework . I see what 's going on . You 're playing the good cop , dan . That 's fine . Just enjoy it . All right , i think this whole thing is just a crock ! I should leave , but i 'm gonna stay . You know why ? ' Cause i wanna see what this is all about . So do i . What is this all about ? Art : let 's ask dr . Freud , who 's just arrived . Hey , will ! Will ! Art . Hey . John ! I 'm glad i caught you . Someone mentioned that you were leaving - Called you , told you that i 've lost it . Glad you 're here . Things are going in unexpected directions . Yes , so i hear . Hi . Are you hungry ? Uh , thank you , no . Whiskey ? Johnny walker green . Oh , yes . ( Closes door ) You look very familiar , my dear . Linda murphy . I 'm in your tuesday psych 1 class , dr . Gruber . Ah , well , this lesson may be something I could not have imagined . I regret being so obvious about this , john , But these people are all very concerned for you . Yes , i 'm cutting out paper dinosaurs . I really wish i 'd been here from the beginning . Me too . Let me just say something right now . There 's absolutely no way in the whole world For john to prove this story to us , Just like there 's no way for us to disprove it . No matter how outrageous we think it is , No matter how highly trained some of us think we are , There 's absolutely no way to disprove it . Our friend is either a caveman , a liar , or a nut . So while we 're thinking about that , Why don 't we just go with it ? I mean , hell , who knows , He might jolt us into believing him , Or we might jolt him back to reality . Believing ? Whose reality ? So ... you 're a caveman . Yes . Uh ... Uh , i was a cro-Magnon , i think . You don 't know if you 're a caveman or not ? No , i 'm sure about that . A cro-Magnon , then . When did you first realize this ? When the cro-Magnon was first identified , When anthropology gave them a name , I had mine . Well , please continue . I 'm sure you must have more to say . Would you like me to lie on the couch ? ( Laughs ) as you wish . As a physician , i 'm curious . In this enormous lifetime you describe , Have you ever been ill ? Sure , as much as anyone . Seriously ill ? Sometimes . Of what ? Do you know ? In prehistory , i can 't tell you . Maybe pneumonia once or twice . Last few hundred years , I 've gotten over typhoid , yellow fever , Smallpox ... i survived the black plague . Bubonic ? Oh , that 's terrible . More so than history describes . And smallpox - But you 're not scarred . I don 't scar . No , john , that is not possible . Please , let 's take john 's story At face value and explore it from that perspective . If he doesn 't scar , it 's no stranger than the rest . John , would you please stop by my lab , Suffer a few tests from Your friendly neighborhood biologist . I 'm leery of labs . Afraid i might go in and stay for a thousand years While cigarette smoking men try to figure me out . You don 't think that i would betray you ? Walls have ears . Medical tests might be a way of proving what you say . I don 't wanna prove it . So you 're telling us this , The yarn of the century , And you don 't care if we believe it or not ? I guess i shouldn 't have expected you to . You 're not as crazy as you think i am . Amen . I 've always liked you . Why , thank you , dear . Now that 's changing . Surely you don 't believe this nonsense . I think we should remain courteous to someone Who we 've known and trusted , edith . Here you sit-You can 't break his story . All you can do is thumb your nose at it . Is that what you 're doing , john ? Are you laughing at us inside ? I wish you didn 't feel that way . What you 're saying - It offends common sense . So does relativity , quantum mechanics - That 's the way nature works . But your story doesn 't fit into nature as we know it . But we know so little , dan . We know so little . How many of you know Five geniuses in your field That you disagree with ... One you would like to strangle ? Strangle them all . It 's bad enough we have to listen To harry 's idiotic jokes . Thank you very much , edith . Maybe when i 'm 110 , i 'll be as smart as you are . If you lived as long as john did , You still wouldn 't grow up . Come on , guys . Take it easy . How often do we get to meet someone Who says he 's a stone age man ? Well , once is enough . Edith . All right . A guy with your mind - You 'd have studied a great deal . I have ten degrees , including all of yours ... Except yours , will . That makes me feel a trifle lilliputian . That 's over the span of 170 years . I got my biology degree at oxford in 1840 , So i 'm a little behind the times . The same in other areas - I can 't keep up with the new stuff that comes along . No one can . Not even in their specialty . So much for the myth Of the super-Wise , all-Knowing immortal . I see your point , john . No matter how long a man lives , He can 't be in advance of his times . He can 't know more than the best of the race knows , If that-I mean , when the world learned it was round , You learned it . It took some time . News traveled slowly Before communications were fancy . There were social obstacles , Preconceptions , screams from the church . Ten doctorates . That 's impressive , john . Did you teach them ? Some . You might have all done the same . Living 14,000 years didn 't make me a genius . I just had time . Dan : time . We can 't see it , we can 't hear it , We can 't weigh it , we can 't measure it in a laboratory . It 's a subjective sense of becoming What we are instead of what we were a nanosecond ago , Becoming what we will be in another nanosecond . The hopis see time as a landscape , Existing before and behind us , And we move - We move through it , Slice by slice . Clocks measure time . No , they measure themselves . The objective referent of clock is another clock . How very interesting . What has it got to do with john ? Oh , he-He might be a man Who lives outside of time as we know it . Yes , uh , well . People do go around armed these days . If i shot you , john - You 're immortal ? Would you survive this ? I never said i was immortal , just old . I might die . And then you could wonder The rest of your incarcerated life what you shot . Well , uh , may i ? ( Sighs ) Preferable to a gun . Will , that was a bit much . Ooh . Books . Doctorates . Yes , you have grown and changed . But there is always innate nature . Wouldn 't you be more comfortable Squatting in the backyard ? Sometimes i do , will . Look up at the stars . Wonder . And what did primitive man make of them ? A great mystery . There were gods up there then . Shamans who knew about them told us . They still do . Have you ever wished it would end ? No . Fourteen thousand years . Injuries , illness , disasters . You 've survived them all . You 're a very lucky man . ( Knocks ) Come in . John oldman ? Yes . Charity now . We 're here to pick up the furniture . It 's all yours . Here , take this chair . I 'm gonna go drink in the corner . You 're , uh ... you 're donating it ? Everything ? I 'll get more . Do you always travel this light ? It 's the only way to move . Oh , you - You 've talked a good deal About your extraordinary amount of living . What do you think of dying , john ? Do you fear death ? Who wouldn 't ? How did primitive man regard death ? Well , we had the practical concept . You know , we stopped , Fell down , didn 't get up , Started to smell bad , come apart . Injuries we could understand - If someone 's insides were all over the ground . Infections ... They were , uh , mysterious . Aging ... The biggest mystery of all . You realized you were different . Longer to realize how i was different , To find a way to synthesize My experience into a view of myself . At first , i thought everybody had Something wrong with them . They got old and they died , animals , too ... But not me . ( Coughs pointedly ) Oh , forgive me , my dear . You live simply . I 've owned castles , but why leave a lot If you 're always leaving ? I have money . What , you get into att at 50 cents , john ? As one grows older , The days , weeks , months go by more quickly . What does a day or a year Or a century mean to you ? The birth-Death cycle ? Turbulence . I meet someone , Learn their name , say a word , they 're gone . Others come like waves . Rise , fall . Ripples in a wheat field , blown by the wind . Do you ever get tired of it all ? I get bored now and then . They keep making the same stupid mistakes over and over . Hey . Then you see yourself As separate from the rest of humanity . I didn 't mean it that way . But of course ... I am . ( Chuckles ) Are you comfortable knowing that you have lived While everyone you knew - Everyone you knew , john ! - Has died ? I 've regretted losing people ... Often . Have you ever felt guilt about that - Something akin to survivor 's guilt ? In the strict psychological sense ? I suppose i have . Yeah . But what can i do about it ? Indeed . I 'm sorry , ma 'am . Gentlemen , i 'm - I 'm gonna keep the couch . Thanks . Ladies ? Will ? Oh , no ... You 've got a heart condition . Don 't grump about it . Hey , how about changing the subject , will ? Enough with the - With the dying . But this is the flip side of his coin , harry . I 'm very curious to know his feelings . Would you prefer i asked him about his father ? I thought you always started with " Tell me about your mother . " Yes , but prehistory was strongly patriarchal . Surely you remember your father . I seem to remember a figure , Perhaps an older brother , a social father , maybe . Well , no matter . I can scarcely remember mine . Do you feel a vacancy In your life about that , john , Something you wish could be filled By a face , a voice , an image ? Not at this late date . There must be someone - Probably many - That you valued intensely . Loved . You saw them age and die - A friend , a colleague , a wife . Certainly you 've had wives and children ? I 'd move on . I had to move on . Making him history 's biggest bigamist . ( Chuckles softly ) Have you ever in your life thought " It should have been me " ? Maybe . Yeah , art has told me That some of your early fellows Feared you were stealing their lives . Have you thought that perhaps you were ? Perhaps you are ! There have always been legends of such a thing , A creature not quite human Taking not the blood , but the life force itself ? Dan : my god , will . Unconsciously , perhaps , By some biological or psychic mechanism That we can only guess at . I 'm not saying you would do such a thing deliberately . I 'm not saying that you would even know how to ... Would you ? But would such a thing be fair ? So you believe me now ? I 'm only exploring what you have said . Whether i believe it or not is of no importance . We will die ... You will live . Will you come to my funeral , john ? Dan : hey , will ... You 've gone too far . John didn 't ask to be what he is . And we did not ask to hear about it . But if it were true , Is there one among us who would not feel envy , Even perhaps a touch of hatred ? You told us of yourself , john . Can you imagine how we feel ? I never thought of that . Since you may not die , While we most assuredly will ... There must be a reason for that , no ? Perhaps you are an expert . Uh , that 's it , mr . Oldman . Have a good one . Thank you . You too . Or are you a vampire , john ? Even an unknowing one . Do you stand alive and tall In a graveyard that you helped to fill ? Dan : that 's going too far . Bored , perhaps lonely , because your heart Cannot keep its treasures . Is that what you 're doing ? Have you led a wrongful life ? Well , then , perhaps ... It is time to die . Wait a minute , now . Look , i don 't know what john is doing , But i sure as hell don 't like what you 're doing . Give me that gun or i 'm gonna break your goddamn arm . You sound like our football coach , dan . What do you think , john ? A shot to the arm ? Perhaps we could watch it heal . A bullet in the head - What exactly will happen ? I have papers to correct . As much as i dislike that job , It 'll be preferable to this . I leave you with it . Jesus christ . What the hell was that all about ? Where 'd he get a gun ? He had you on the ropes , john . Are you really so damn smart ? It 's not like will . Mary passed away yesterday . Who ? His wife . She had , uh , pancreatic cancer . Will ! I didn 't know about mary . I 'm sorry . I can see how this might have hit you . Please , permit me to be infantile by myself . Will , please . ( Starts car ) What the hell were you thinking , art ? Oh , come on . Something had to be done . I have to say i agree . And he 's our friend . Whatever else on earth is going on , He 's our friend ! You sure about that ? Why are you being so hard on him ? One of my favorite people has disappeared . Can you get alzheimer 's at 35 ? Maybe i 'm trying to wake him up . Maybe i 'm too sad to cry . What i said about myself hurt him . He struck back expertly - That stuff about stealing life forces ? I 've always wondered about the reasons . Well , we still have an afternoon to kill , right ? Charades ? No . John ? I have a charade , and it is just for you . Sandy , come here . Come on , come on , come on . Okay , this one 's for you . Ready ? ( Grunts like ape ) ( Wolf whistles ) ( Grunting ) Ooh ! Uhn . My first wedding ? There you go . There you go ! Very good , and i bet at least one of us Is your direct descendent . And i didn 't even send a christmas card . Christmas card ? What about a birthday card ? And don 't even get me started on the candles ... With the blowing and the ( huffs ) For years with the blowing . Yeah , all right . I tried . Well , uh , call me underdeveloped , But i 'd like to hear more . Me too . More . You double-Damn swear this isn 't some cockamamie Science fiction story or ... You 're pulling on us ? Next question . You-You-You realize This is an invitation To men in white suits with happy pills . Dan : think about it - A mechanism allowing survival For thousands of years ? Run out of room even faster . Then we 'd have to go to mars as a colony As we expanded , as we 'd have to . I 'd like that . On a planet of another star . I envy you . Did you have a pet dinosaur ? They were a little bit before my time . At least something is . No doubt you could give us a thousand details , john , Corroborating your story , From the magdalene to the buddha to now . Ten thousand , And you could stay out of the books . Oh , it 's getting chilly . Here , come over here . Join me . That , uh , raises an interesting question , john . Could there be others like you Who escaped the aging process as you have ? Representing something terrific We don 't even know about biology . We 're learning all the time . Yeah , but how would he know ? He doesn 't wear an i . D. Badge saying " yabba dabba doo . " There was a man in the 1600s . Where were you in 1292 a . D. ? Where were you a year ago on this date ? Anyway , it was the 1600s , and i met a man , And i had a hunch that he was ... Like me , so i told him . Ah . See , you said this was a first . I forgot . A crack in your story , john ? A touch of senility . Anyway , he said yes , But from another time , another place . We talked for two days . It was all pretty convincing , But we couldn 't be sure . We each confirmed what the other said , But how do we know if the confirmation Was genuine or an echo ? I knew i was kosher , But i thought , " maybe he 's playing a game on me . " You know , a scholar of all we spoke about . He said he was inclined with the same reservation . Now , that 's interesting . Just as we can never be sure , Even if we wanted to - I mean , if we were sure , You couldn 't be sure of that . We parted , agreeing to keep in touch - Of course , we didn 't - And 200 years later i thought i saw him In a train station in brussels . Lost him in the crowd . Oh , what a shame . I - I mean , if it were true . Okay , here 's one for you . What do you do in your spare time ? ( Laughs ) Every 50 years or so , When i wanna get away from the rush , I go down to a primitive tribe in new guinea Where i 'm worshipped as an immortal god , And they have a huge statue of me . It 's a big party . Yeah , i 've got a lot of pictures of it , But i 've already packed them up . I 'm sorry . I won 't make the obvious nasty crack about more unwashed cavemen . Actually , bathing was the style Until the middle ages when the church told us It was sinful to wash away god 's dirt , So people were sewn Into their underwear in october And they popped out in april . You said you just happened . I don 't believe that . If your story 's true , Why did god allow you to happen ? That makes an interesting point . Are you religious , john ? I don 't follow a known religion . No . Ever . Long time ago i did , Like most people . Some just never get over it . Do you believe in god ? As laplace said , " I have no need of that hypothesis . " He may be around , though . He 's everywhere . We just can 't see him . Pfft . If this was the best i could do , I 'd be hiding , too . And creation ... It 's here-I 'm not so sure it was created . Edith : what then ? Maybe it 's just accumulated , fields affecting fields . What about the source of the field energies ? Wouldn 't that imply a prime mover ? I 'd wonder about the source of the prime mover , Infinite regress , but that doesn 't imply anything to me . Back to the mystery . It 's a very old question , But there 's no answer except in religious terms . If you have faith , it 's answered . Did you ever meet any person from our religious history ? A biblical figure ? In a way . Who ? We should skip this one . No , no , no skipping . Come on . Next question . No , come on ! ( Clamoring ) Come on , spit it out ! Good lord ! You were one of them ! This is going in a direction that i-I didn 't expect . I hoped it wouldn 't - We ... call it a night . Come on ! You were someone in religious history ? Yes . In the bible ? Yes . Someone we know ? How could we not know someone in the bible ? I mean somebody important . You may think you know him , But it 's mostly myth . The entire bible is mostly myth and allegory With maybe some basis in historical events . You were part of that history ? Yes . Moses . Moses was based on misis , a syrian myth , And there are earlier versions - All found floating on water , The staff that changed to a snake , Waters that were parted so followers Could be led to freedom And even receive laws On stone or wooden tablets . One of the apostles . They weren 't really apostles . They didn 't do any real teaching . Peter the fisherman learned a little more about fishing . How do you know that ? The mythical overlay is so enormous ... And not good . The truth is so , so simple . The new testament in 100 words or less : you ready ? I don 't think i wanna hear this . Harry , will you take me home ? No , not right now . I do want to hear this . Sit down , edith . You act like you believe him . It 's sacrilege . How can it be sacrilege ? He hasn 't said anything yet . The new new testament is sacrilege . There are a dozen new new testaments , From hebrew to greek to latin to tyndale , All the way to king james , All revisionist , And all called revealed truth . I mean a new new testament in 100 words . I can give you the ten commandments in ten words : Don 't . Don 't , don 't , don 't , Don 't , don 't , don 't , don 't , don 't , don 't . ( Laughs ) don 't . The commandments are just modern updates of more ancient laws . Hammurabi 's code . That 's right , they weren 't the first , right ? Edith , i was raised on the torah ... My wife , on the koran . My oldest son is an atheist . My youngest is a scientologist . My daughter is studying hinduism . I imagine that there is room there for a holy war in my living room , But we practice live and let live . Why don 't you sit down . What is your preferred version of the bible ? The king james , of course . It 's the most modern , the work of great scholars . Modern is good . All right , john , hit us with the short form . Guy met the buddha , liked what he heard , Thought about it for a while - Say 500 years , while he returned To the mediterranean , Became an etruscan . Seeped into the roman empire . He didn 't like what they became - A giant killing machine . He went to the near east thinking , " Why not pass the buddha 's teachings on in a modern form . " So he tried . One dissident against rome ? Rome won . The rest is history . Well , sort of . Lot of fairy tales mixed in . I knew it . He 's saying he was christ . Oh , no . That 's the medal They pinned on jesus to fulfill prophecy . The crucifixion . He blocked the pain as he had learned to do In tibet and india . He also learned to slow his body processes Down to the point where they were undetectable . They thought he was dead . So his followers pulled him From the cross , placed him in a cave ... His body normalized as he had trained it to ... He attempted to go away undetected , But some devotees were standing watch . Tried to explain . They were ecstatic . Thus , i was resurrected , And i ascended to central europe To get away as far as possible . You don 't mean a word of this , john . My god , why are you doing this ? Let me see your wrists . I don 't scar . Besides , they tied me ... But nails and blood make better religious art . ( Laughs ) all the speculations about jesus . He was black , he was asian , He was a blue-Eyed aryan with a golden beard And hair straight out of vidal sassoon 's , He was a benevolent alien , he never existed at all . Now he 's a caveman . The christ figure goes all the way back to krishna - Hercules , of course . Harry : hercules ? Born of a virgin , alcmene . A god for a father , zeus . The only begotten . The savior - The greek ? Soter . The good shepherd , the prince of peace , Bringing gentle persuasion and divine wisdom . He died , joined his father on olympus A thousand years before gethsemane . How can you compare pagan mythology to the true word ? Pretty damn closely , i 'd say . The early christian leaders , They threw away hebrew manuscripts And borrowed from pagan sources all over the place . Do you realize how ... Inconsiderately you 're treating my feelings ? About as inconsiderately as we 're treating john 's . Well , he doesn 't believe what he 's saying ! Sandy : do you believe literally everything in the bible , edith ? Yes ! Before you say it , I know it 's undergone a lot of changes , But god has spoken through man To make his word clearer . He couldn 't get it right the first time ? We 're imperfect ! He had to work to make us understand . He couldn 't get us right the first time , edith ? Dan : taken alone , the philosophical teachings of jesus Are buddhism with a hebrew accent - Kindness , tolerance , brotherhood , love , A ruthless realism acknowledging That life is as it is here on earth , here and now . The kingdom of god , meaning goodness , Is right here , where it should be . " I am what i am becoming . " That 's what the buddha brought in . And that 's what i taught . But a talking snake make a lady eat an apple , So we 're screwed . Heaven and hell were peddled So priests could rule through seduction and terror , Save our souls that we never lost in the first place . I threw a clean pass ... They ran it out of the ballpark . This is blasphemy . It 's horrible ! Who else were you ? Solomon , elvis , jack the ripper ? It 's been said that buddha and jesus Would laugh or cry if they 'd known What was done in their name . Harry : and if there is a creator , He 'd probably feel the same way . I see ceremony , ritual , processions , Genuflecting , moaning , intoning , Venerating cookies and wine , And i think ... It 's not what i had in mind . But that 's vatican flapdoodle . It doesn 't have a thing to do with god . As you said , john , everywhere , religions ... From exalting life to purging joy as a sin . Rome does it as grand opera . A simple path to goodness needs A supernatural roadmap . Supernatural ... A stupid word , i mean ... Anything that happens , happens within nature , Whether we believe in it or not . Like a 14,000 - Year-Old caveman . ( Car approaching ) I - I-I drove for a while , And then i sat for a while . I 'm so ashamed . ( Shivering ) and i 'm freezing . Well , come inside . I still don 't believe you , of course . You need help . Everybody needs help . Yes , well , some more than others . From the buddha to the cross , I have always imagined both as entirely mythic - But i would like to hear more . May i lie on the couch for a moment ? I 'm not as young as i used to be . Ohh ! ( Laughs ) So , you were jesus . Well , perhaps somebody had to be , for better or for worse . The jury is still out . When did you begin to believe you were jesus ? When did you begin to believe you were a psychiatrist ? Since i graduated harvard medical school And finished my residency , i 've had that feeling . Oh , i sometimes dream about it . Have you acted upon this belief ? I had a private practice for a while , And then i taught . Nothing unusual - Oh , until one day , i met a caveman Who thought he was jesus . Do you find that unusual ? Very . I would stake my reputation He as sane as i am , So why does he persist in such a story ? There must be a reason , though . Unless i imagined it all ? Is that possible ? I think you 're as sane as he is . Oh , god , i - ( Laughs ) no . Did you ever find it prudent to worship yourself Rather than be thought a heretic ? That would be something . Other times , christianity was considered heresy . I had to pretend other faiths . And what does jesus have to say to those present Who find it difficult to believe in him ? Believe in what he tried to teach , Without rigmarole . Piety is not what the lessons bring to people . It 's the mistake they bring to the lessons . Well , it 's getting to be night . I still have stuff to carry And a long drive . I 'll help . Dan : john , do you have a destination in mind ? Never mind . I won 't ask . John : thank you . Anyone mentally ill can imagine A fantastic background - Even an entire life - And sincerely believe it . The man who thinks he is napoleon Does believe it . His true identity has taken a backseat To his delusion and the need for it . If that 's the case with john , There is a grave disorder . Organized brilliantly . He 's got an answer for everything . It might involve rejection of his father , Of his entire early past , Replaced by this fantasy . He says he can 't remember his father . Precisely why ? You said he was sane . Did i ? Do you think that perhaps our caveman Has a monkey on his back ? Drugs ? No , no , no , no . I 've done a lot of consulting work with narcotics . I 've seen people tripping , strung out - Whatever 's up with john , it isn 't that . I 've looked for signs-None . Could cavemen really talk ? We think that language came into existence 60,000 years ago . The structure of stone age culture Is evidence of the ability to communicate - Verbally . ( Wolf whistles ; clicks ) Oh , shut up . Maybe it 'd be easier if i were . Crazy ? No . ( Coyote howls ) That is fascinating , isn 't it , A brave attempt to teach buddhism in the west . It 's no wonder he failed . We 're not ready for it . Edith : you 're talking as if you believed him . Well , it is possible , isn 't it ? I mean , anything is possible . Look , we have two simple choices . We can get all bent out of shape Intellectualizing or bench-Pressing logic , Or we can simply relax and enjoy it . I can listen critically , But i don 't have to make up my mind about anything . But you think you do ? Well , unfortunately , there 's no authorities on prehistory , So we couldn 't stop him there . Edith : there are experts on the bible . Harry : dream on . Yeah , thus the lost years of jesus . He didn 't exist until john put on a hat . I don 't believe in angels and the nativity and the star in the east , But there are stories about the childhood of jesus . History hates a vacuum . Improvisation , some of it very sincere , Fills the gaps . It would have been easy To falsify a past back then - A few words , credulity - Time would do the rest . Now you 're talking as if you believed him . Art : well , look at the popular myths surrounding The kennedy assassination in a few short years - You had , uh , conspiracy , mafia , cia - That 's a mystique that 'll never go away . It 's always been a small step from a fallen leader to a god . I don 't think anybody will deify kennedy . We 're more sophisticated than that . Dan : we are ? We are . Harry : well , you 're finally fulfilling One prophecy about the millennium , john . John : what 's that ? Here you are again . You like the fire , john . Everywhere i 've lived , i 've had a fireplace . Childhood fixation , i guess . Helps me to feel secure . There are predators out there . One thing i didn 't pack ... I thought i might need it . ( Plays beethoven 's 7th symphony ) Wouldn 't sacre du printemps be more appropriate ? What ? You 've got ... Four men of science completely baffled , my friend . We-We don 't know what to make of you . Did you know voltaire was the first to suggest That the universe was created by a gigantic explosion ? I think paul would agree . And then goethe was the first to suggest That spiral nebulae were swirling masses of stars . We now call them galaxies . It 's kind of funny how often new concepts of science Find their first tentative forms of expression in the arts . So did beethoven do physics on the side ? He spent most of his time lying on the floor In front of his legless piano Surrounded by orange peels and apple cores . Now we 're on the floor listening to beethoven . Full circle . Did you have , um ... Any religious beliefs , Or did you give it much thought ? You can 't get there with thought . You have faith ? In a lot of things . Do you have faith in the future of the race ? I 've seen species come and go . Depends on their balance with the environment . We 've made a mess of it . There 's still time , If we use it well . Christianity has been a worldwide belief For 2,000 years . How long did the egyptians worship isis Or the sumerians ishtar ? In india , sacred cows wandered freely As reincarnated souls . In a thousand years , they 'll be barbecued And their souls will be in squirrels . You weren 't jesus ! Oh , edith . ( Clears throat ) if it rains ... it won 't . How do you know that ? I don 't smell it . Were you ... I guess ... a medicine man ? I was a shaman a few times . I revealed some truths to eat a little better . You think that 's all religion is about ... Selling hope and survival ? The old testament sells fear and guilt . The new testament is a good code of ethics , Put into my mouth by poets and philosophers That are much smarter than i am . The message is never practiced . Fairy tales build churches . What about the name " jesus " ? Did you pull that out of a hat ? I called myself john . I almost always do . As tales of the resurrection spread , The name was confused with the hebrew " yochanan , " Meaning " god is gracious . " My stay on earth was seen As divine proof of immortality . That led to " god is salvation " Or hebrew " yahshua , " Which in translation became my proper name , Changing to late greek , " iesous , " Then to late latin , " iesus , " And finally medieval latin , " jesus , " And it was a wonder to watch it all happen . Then you didn 't claim to be the son of god ? Began as a schoolhouse and ended as a temple . I said i had a master that was greater than myself . I never said he was my father . I wanted to teach what i learned . I never claimed to be king of the jews , I never walked on water , i never raised the dead . I never spoke of divine except in the sense Of human goodness on earth . No wise men came from the east to worship at a manger . I did do a little healing With some eastern medicine i 'd learned . That 's it . The three wise men began as a myth About the birth of the buddha . John , i should be home , uh , kissing my wife . We 're all here , trapped by your story ... Hoping for a ... revolution ? I don 't know . Are there any , uh ... More revelations for us ? It 's just like old times . You weren 't jesus . Quote the sermon on the mount . Which one ? Darby , king james , new american standard ? Do you know them all ? No one knows the one , not even me . I ... I did some teaching on a hill one day . Not that many people stayed . But you ... Biblical jesus said , " Who do you think i am ? " He gave them a choice . I 'm giving you one . Were you ? If i said no , could you ever be sure ? ( Sobs ) Turn that off . Please . This has gone far enough . It 's gone much too far . These people are very upset . I don 't believe you 're mad , But what you 're saying is not true . That leaves only one explanation . The time has come when you must admit This is a hoax ... A lie . Isn 't that true , john ? If you don 't drop this now - If you can - I 'll be convinced That you need a great deal of attention . I can have you committed for observation . You know that . I ask you now - I demand it - That you tell these people the truth . Give them closure . It 's time , john . Please . End of the line . Everybody off . What ? ! It was a story . It was all a story . ( Sobs ) Good god ! Another fairy tale ? All of it ? But what - What in the name of heaven ... John , you had us wondering whether you were sane or not , And it 's just a story ! Where 'd you come off with such a half-Baked , asinine idea ? At least you 're relieved i 'm not a nut . I 'd prefer you were ! You gave me the idea . All of you . Come again ? Edith saw my fake van gogh . You could have just told me . You commented that i never age . You gave me the book on early man . Dan , you spotted the burin And you said , " if stones could speak . " I knew it . I got the notion , i ran it past you To check your reactions , and i took it too far . Too far ? Check my reaction . You asked if i was a figure from religious history , If there were others like me , If i 'd created future identities . We were chasing our tails around the maypole , Enjoying the mystery , the analytical stretch . You were playing my game ! I was playing yours . Oh , man , you know , you had us going , right ? You were good , man . You know those chinese boxes , One inside the other inside the other inside the other - I feel like i 'm in the last box . You son of a ... Bitch ! How could you do this to us ? I was worried about you . I know , i was tempted to cop out many times , But i couldn 't resist seeing whether or not You could refute what i was saying . I had the perfect audience - Anthropologist , archaeologist , Christian literalist ... A psychologist . Okay , i 've had enough of this . I 'm outta here . You wanna come ? Let 's go . So , john . Are you gonna write the story ? If i do , i 'll send you copies . Don 't bother with mine , okay ? You are absolutely certifiable . I don 't know you ! It was nice seeing you again , dr . Oldman . Your name 's a pun , isn 't it ? Old man ? Did that help you with your story ? Art : linda ! Bye . Well , art was half right . ( Laughs ) Which half ? Well , at least i don 't have to throw away half Of what i know about biology . Which half ? ( Chuckles ) It 's a beautiful idea , So rich , so full of possibilities . Perhaps you should write a paper on it , doctor . Maybe i will . I 'll interview you in the rubber room For further details . You may still need help , my friend . My ass . I thought it sounded pretty good . They believe you because they have to . But the one thing that i know about you Is that you would never use people Or abuse their goodwill and intelligence Like they think you 've just done to them . Psych 101 ? No , it 's woman , one-On-One . So you 're a pretty fast liar , mr . Ugg , But i wanna know - What 's your real name ? Believe it or not , the sound was always john . Why 'd you cave to gruber ? What happened was enough . Just-Just needed to stop . I shouldn 't have expected it to work . Fourteen thousand years old . I bet that 's a lot of women . Are we counting ? Maybe . Well , i 'm taking edith home . Sandy ? I 'm gonna stay . Are you sorry for some of those things you said ? I 'm sorry i said them . Well . Like a good christian , I ... oh , john . Oh ! Well . You did a terrible thing , But we 're all so thankful you 're all right . Even art-He just hates things he can 't understand . You 're a sadist , john , But i admit i got a kick out of Chasing my tail around your maypole ... Even if that is all i caught . Good luck to you . Wish you the best . Thank you . Ready ? Harry : later on . Sandy : okay , good night . Mm-Hmm . Mmm . I don 't know , man . Something about this ... Something about you , john . The more i think about it , The more i 'm no longer in that chinese box . ( Inhaling deeply ) I sense ... space . A kinda latitude of what we happily call reality , In which , as everybody keeps saying ... Anything 's possible . Yes . No , no . No , no . No-No more words . I 'm gonna go home , And i 'm gonna watch star trek For a dose of sanity . Good luck to you , man , Wherever this may lead you . You drop me a line sometime . Let me know how you 're making out . I will . Mm . Mwah . So , john oldman . What other pun names have you used ? Lots . John paley for john paleolithic , John savage - Got really crazy about 60 years ago . When i was teaching at harvard , I was john thomas partee . John t . Partee - Boston tea party - I get it . Yeah , i know . Wait , wait , wait . Boston ? 60 years ago ? J - John partee ? You did not teach chemistry ! I do not believe you ! Your mother 's name was nola . No . Yeah . No . Yes , nola . ( Crying ) my mother ! I reject this ! My-My-My dog 's name . We had him before i was born . Woofie . Woof , woof , woofie ... Gruber . She remarried ? She said you abandoned us . Sorry , i had to move on . You know that . I left enough . I left enough . I 'm cold . Chilly willy , always cold . Never could stand the cold . ( Sobs ) wait , you - You had a beard . Yeah , you used to tug on it To see if it was real . Agh ! Will ! God . 911 , now ! ( Gruber gasps ) Come on , will . Will . Come on , buddy . ( Siren blaring ) You 'll stay in touch , dr . Oldman , In case there are any questions . I 'll be back for the funeral . Miss . You never saw a grown child die . No .
