 Previously on fringe Olivia dunham FBI . They 're calling these events a pattern As if someone out there is experimenting Only the whole world is their lab . Anybody you need you can have . His name 's walter bishop . My father . He worked out of harvard . He was part of a classified u.s. Army experimental program In an area called fringe science . You 're telling me My father was dr . Frankenstein . So much happened here And so much isbout to . Are those notes you 're writing ben ? I thought we talked about this . You know about taking a break from the music So you 'd have time for other things . Maybe something new . Dad don 't get mad at me But the windshield wipers can you slow them down ? Slow them down ? The tempo . It 's messing me up . Sorry bean I can 't . I need to be able to see . Stop , I need help . What is it ? Don 't know . Let 's see . You okay ? Oh I 'm fine . I can 't say the same for my car . It kind of shuddered and then stopped . And my phone 's dead . Oh hold on . Be right back . Thank you . It 's not a night you wanna get stuck out here . Yeah I need a tow . I 'm on route 12 About two miles north of fair oak . Yeah massachusetts plate 3-3-2-e-w-d . All right thanks . Ah they 're busy . It 's gonna be a while . Then I definitely am not gonna make it To this business meeting which would normally be a blessing But this one 's really important . Listen I-I know hardly a thing about cars . But why don 't you let me take a look ? No no you 've done enough . No.That 's alright . Transmission 's dry . Some kind of electrical short . Hey easy . Didn 't mean to scare you . It 's okay . I didn 't hear you . Yeah listen sorry it took so long . Man you okay ? Where 's her car ? Ben . Ben ? Ben ! The boy 's name is ben stockton . According to his father they were driving home From a school function last night When he saw a woman having car trouble . The father claims that while he was looking At the woman 's car something happened . He said it was like time jumped . And his son the woman and her car were suddenly gone . So he just blacked out . In the statement he gave police He insisted he never lost consciousness . So any other witnesses to back up the dad 's story ? No but this is not the first time this has happened . These are from the files of three other missing person cases Dating back ten years . In each one witnesses describe seeing the same woman . We 've tried running facial recognition software . Nothing . So what happened to the other victims ? The first was found wandering the shoulder of I-91 Near northampton . The second in the supermarket Curled up in the freezer bin . Meaning what ? They were let go ? Apparently . But not before whatever 'd been done to them Drove them insane . Two weeks after she was found One of the victims actually tried to lobotomize herself Using a butter knife . And all of them completely incapable of recalling What happened during the abduction . Even under hypnosis . So they 're all academics . A probability theorist Structural engineer ... If we 're looking at a serial abduction Then a ten-year-old kid really doesn 't fit the bill . No but other than that The details surrounding his disappearance Are identical to the others . Interacting with the woman in the sketch Then experiencing an interval of lost time . Peculiar flashing lights . Green green green red . Like christmas lights . How did you know that dr . Bishop ? I don 't know . But that 's what happened isn 't it ? Yes . Think you might be able To jog your mind walter ? Could be kind of helpful . Christmas lights . That 's all I can recall . Sorry . I know what it sounds like . Like I 'm crazy . I 'm not . I talked to her . I touched her car . Police grilled my brother for hours . They treated him like a suspect . I know what I saw . She was real . Why doesn 't anyone believe him ? You 're wasting time . We need to find ben . Yeah I believe you . In fact we think that the same woman May be involved in a number of other abductions . This has happened before . Why would anyone want to take my son ? I don 't know . Honestly he doesn 't really fit the profile Of the other victims . For one they were all adults . And another they were all academics . Experts in various fields . What ? Ben is kind of an expert himself . What do you mean ? Nine months ago my wife was walking ben to school . Some idiot late for a dentist appointment ran a red light . And they were hit in the crosswalk . Abby was killed . The doctors told me they didn 't know If ben was gonna make it either . He was in a coma for six days . And when he woke up- - It 's easier if I just show you . This is the day I took him home from the hospital . He hadn 't spoken said even a word Since I told him his mother died . And we got home And he just sat down at the piano And started to play . He 's very talented . Before this He had never taken a single lesson . His doctors told me there had been other cases . People with severe brain traumas Waking up with the ability to do things They 'd never done before . Two weeks later he was composing his own music . One piece in particular . Stopped being interested in everything else . You said the other people that had been taken Were accomplished at something . Do you think That that 's why they took ben ? I don 't know . Thank you so much for your time . Uh agent dunham ... After abby died My brother ... He barely held it together . Without ben I don 't think he 'll make it . I 'll do everything I can . Thank you . How are you feeling ben ? I wanna go home . I just wanna see my dad . Well I have something better for you . There 's someone else here Who would very much like to see you . I don 't care ! I wanna see my dad ! Well your mother will be very disappointed to hear that . My mom 's dead . Are you sure about that ? Hey , Walter Don 't you think it 's a little early in the season For the yuletide cheer ? I 'm reciting christmas carols In an attempt to jar loose Some details from my subconscious To remember where I heard mention Of the green and red lights . But sadly it hasn 't yet worked . So you thought it would be more useful To work on your christmas tree decorations ? Though I-I cannot recall where I heard of the lights It did give me an idea a theory As to how the boy was taken . I was hired to design a technology An intricate pattern of flashing lights Intended to create a suggestible state of hypnosis . Theoretically the test subjects Will do what ever commanded . Bark like a dog , dance a jig , wash the car . U.S.Government had you working on mind control ? Not the government . It was an advertising agency . They hoped to broadcast the flashing lights during commercials So that the viewers would have no choice But to buy their products . Unfortunately it merely caused nausea . Which was unfortunate because apparently People don 't like to shop When they feel like they 're going to throw up . Miss ! Where is the remote ? Oh hey walter walter . Walter dial it down a notch all right ? Now I posit that the flashing lights Witnessed by the father induced a hypnagogic trance During which stage the child was abducted . I thought you said the experiments were failures . Oh yes . But I focused solely on the timing and intensity Of the flashes not the colors . The green and red . Now I suggest that those wavelengths Are the key to success . Come . Let me demonstrate . Come . What do you want me to do ? Just stare at the lights . Sorry walter . Better luck next time . Anyone ready for lunch ? What 's up chachi ? Did you do this to me ? You did . Dunham . It 's me . Based on the description by the father I I.d. ' d your kidnapper . Name 's joanne ostler . She was a molecular biologist studying at m.I.t. She would have been thirty this march . What do you mean , would have been ? Uh according to dmv department of records Joanne ostler died ten years ago . Are you sure it 's the same woman ? Looks identical to the woman from your sketch . And she doesn 't have a twin because I checked . So what happened to her ? Apparently her car went off the bridge in november of ' 98 Eight months before any of the abductions . How is that even possible ? Here 's the thing . The car was recovered but her body was never found . So then it 's possible that she survived . Either that or broyles has you chasing a ghost . What the hell 's he doing ? He thinks it 'll help him remember where he 's heard About the red and green lights . Okay . We 've got good news . We think we understand how it was that ben was abducted . Those red and green flashing lights They put the father into a hypnagogic state . And we think we may have I.d. ' d the woman responsible . I have it ! Christmas . Christmas . Leading to christmas carols One of which is jingle bells Which leads naturally to dashing through the snow Which of course inevitably leads one to dash . To dash ? Dashiell kim The man who mentioned the lights to me . I 'm sure of it . Where is he walter ? Can we talk to him ? I guess that would depend on whether he has succeeded In killing himself or not . What are you talking about walter ? Who is this guy ? A fellow inmate of mine at st . Claire 's asylum . I think We may have I.d. ' d another abductee . Dashiell kim . Headed up astrophysics at umass . Went missing in may 2006 . Turned up a week later at his home outside clarksburg Where he had a psychotic break . Bludgeoned his wife to death with a tire iron . He was committed to st . Claire 's hospital . He was there at the same time As dr . Bishop ? Walter bishop claims he remembers kim Telling him a story about a woman Who put him to sleep with a christmas tree And then took him away . Green and red lights . And he fits the profile . Expert in a scientific field . But I need you to get an interview request Pushed through legal so we can arrange a visitation . Any specific things that kim might remember About the abduction Like where he was taken maybe . That might take some time . How come ? Says here dashiell kim is a 1027 . Yeah what 's that ? 1027 : criminally insane With knowledge of state secrets . Apparently kim had a sideline Consulting the defense contracts for jpl . You can 't get in to talk to him Without official clearance . And how long will that take ? If we go through channels six weeks minimum . I 've got a contact at justice . I 'll tell him it 's urgent . I don 't know how a guy that could do this to his own wife Is gonna help you find a missing kid . You 've never looked at it in that order have you ? No . Hi bean . Mom ? He did this to his own wife ? 32 years of marriage . By all accounts they seemed happy . Until dashiell showed up after he was abducted And beat her to death . Did I hear mention of my old friend dashiell ? Of course . I 'd recognize his handiwork anywhere . You mean he killed others ? Well he tried--a patient at the institution Jasper But actually I was referring to the equation . Dashiell was obsessed with it . Obsessed in what way ? He couldn 't complete it . I tried to help him solve it once And he came at me with a plastic spork . What are you thinking ? You know ben 's father said that ben became obsessed With this one piece of music . And he couldn 't complete it either . I 've been listening to it . It 's very beautiful . He 's light years Ahead of where even you were at that age . Walter take a look at this . See this function ? It appears here here here- - It just keeps on repeating over and over . Yes yes it 's a recurring expression . Or it 's a rhythm . Well yes I suppose . Are you suggesting- - Can you convert that into standard musical notation ? Oh-oh-oh I can try . What 's going on ? Music is a mathematical language . Chords have numerical values And their notes 1 / 4s 1 / 8s 1 / 16s They 're all just fraction variables . Okay I took the oboe for six months And then quit . Almost there peter . That 's nine bars . Okay listen to this . Sound familiar ? That 's ben 's song . Yes . Ben 's piece is the musical equivalent Of dashiell 's mathematical formula . So how is that possible ? They 'd never even met each other . It 's not so surprising actually . Curious minds often converge on the same idea . Newton and leibniz independently Without knowing each other Invented calculus . The relevant question is what is it ? What is what ? What is it that both ben and dashiell are trying to solve ? How is this possible ? Are we in heaven ? No honey we 're not in heaven . But I don 't understand . I saw you get hurt . I don 't understand either . But I do know that I 'm here . And I 've missed you so much ben . For me to stay you have to do what this woman says . You have to finish the song bean . You need to finish it . It 's important ben . Okay . I love you mom . I love you too bean . Dr. Sumner . Hello . Thank you so much for taking the time to speak with me . I understand you 're interested in talking To one of my patients . Although I-I can 't imagine what help dashiell kim Could be to the fbi . We 're investigating a missing persons case- - A kidnapping . And we believe that before coming here Mr. Kim may have been the victim of an abduction himself . Possibly by the same person that we 're looking for . I suppose you came by this information Through a former patient of mine . dr . Walter bishop ? You 're the agent who took him three months ago , aren 't you ? Yes . And you should know dr . Bishop is doing quite well . He 's been assisting us since he checked out . He has no business being out among the rest of us . Well , I appreciate your concern But I 'm not here to talk about dr . Bishop . I respect your discretion . Provided you respect mine . The mental health of my patients Is my primary concern . And subjecting them to open-ended interrogations By fbi agents is hardly prudent therapy . I appreciate your position . And I 'd like to help . But I can 't subject dashiell to new faces right now . Dr. Sumner I 'm here because a child 's life May be in danger . There may be a way we can work this out . I 'm listening . You 've assured me That waiter bishop is doing fine . If that 's the case I 'll allow walter bishop To talk to mr . Kim And ask your questions . It might do dashiell good to see a familiar face . Olivia , there is nothing to discuss . But it 's the only way We can make contact with dashiell kim . Absolutely not . Peter- - You want to send my already mentally unstable father Back to the institution that made him that way . We don 't have a choice . We need to speak to dashiell And without sumner 's permission , we need a subpoena Which is going to take time . Even if he speaks to dashiell What makes you think he 's gonna remember a word That he says ? The man can 't even remember what he had for lunch . I have noticed That you have a habit of referring to me As if I 'm not in the room . Does anyone care what I think ? Yes , walter . What do you want to do ? I 'd rather not go . Walter- - Olivia , he said " no . " That is incorrect . I said , " I 'd rather not go . " But I will . Every moment that passes Is another moment that little boy 's life Is in danger . Isn 't that correct , agent dunham ? Then we should go . Well , are you ready ? When you get out , we 'll be right here . Good luck , walter . Come with me . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . I can 't help you . Dr. Bishop , how you been ? You know I 'm not really back . Yeah , well , it 's nice to see you anyway . You have ten minutes , walter . Dashiell . It 's me , walter . Walter bishop . Walter ? You look different . It 's the beard . And you look different too somehow . That smile . Have they altered your medication ? Wouldn 't surprise me . These medieval quacks are more proficient At phrenology than psychopharmacology . I miss your jokes , walter . And I miss your stories . The one about the woman who took you away With the green and red lights . Dashiell , look at me . This is important . The woman , where exactly did she take you ? I 'm sorry . I don 't know what you 're referring to . You must be mistaking me for someone else . Now , if you 'll excuse me I want to sit here and finish My butterscotch pudding in peace . You were always trying To solve it , huh ? Yes . I don 't do math anymore , walter . Mathematical formulations are not conducive To my mental stability . That 's fine , but if you recognize the equation Do you not remember the woman With the red and green lights where she- - I don 't do math anymore ! You used to tell me the story all the time . - No ! - You used to drive me crazy . I don 't do math anymore . I don 't care about math . Dr. Bishop . No , I need to know where she took you , damn it . That 's enough ! It 's time to go . - Where is she ? - I 've got him . Please , dashiell , it 's only- - What do you mean you sedated him ? Walter is legally in my custody . You have no right to keep him here . Not only do I have every right to hold him I have a responsibility to hold him . He accosted mr . Kim . If I release him and something else happens- - I can assure you that 's not going to happen . He 's under our supervision . Perhaps that 's what compounded the problem . Meaning what ? I had some time to talk to dr . Bishop After he calmed down about his work assisting you And it is clear that exposing him To the pressures of criminal investigations While indulging His fantastical pseudo-scientific notions Has exacerbated the worst features of his mental illness . - Really ? - Really . 'Cause after some of the things I 've seen In the last three months Walter strikes me as being one of the sanest people I know . Is that so ? I 'm gonna make this really simple Dr. Sumner . Walter bishop is assisting us In a criminal investigation Which you are currently obstructing . So either you release him into our custody Or I will get a court order . You go get your court order then . Welcome back walter . Where are we on that tip from rochester ? Local agents are heading to the convenience store Where they saw the boy . They 're hoping video surveillance can confirm It really was ben stockton . Okay well have we set up checkpoints ? No they 're working on it . So far nothing . I have the general counsel 's office on the phone . It 's about dr . Bishop . This is agent dunham . No I wanted you to work around the protocol . Please I need your help . I need to get bishop out . Okay 7 : 00 a.m. Thank you . What was that ? Okay we have to wait till morning For the court order to have walter released . But then he 's out . I promise . And I 'm sorry . And obviously you were right . No this was walter 's choice . Okay . So if you want to go down to reception Someone can arrange a ride And then at least one of us can get some sleep . The woman who abducted ben Joanne ostler- - Up until now everybody thought she was dead right ? Yeah . Well she 's been walking around For the last ten years . She must have been using somebody 's name . We didn 't get any hits on an alias search . What 'd you base the search on ? On the anagrams . Like combinations of different family names . It 's what most people use If they want to change their identity . Thanks I know that I 've done this once or twice myself . Why doesn 't that surprise me ? The best lie the one that 's easiest to remember With consistency is the one that 's based on the truth . Whenever I would do this I would base it on my own last name . Bishop . So peter king . Peter knight . Well that 's a great idea If your last name is as simple as bishop . What do you do when it 's ostler ? Is there a computer around here I could use ? This is a serial abductor so she 's smart . She 's probably switched cars since then . I want a record of every stolen car From the last 36 hours . Hey where does this print ? Thanks . Every gas station from middletown to rochester . And pull all the credit card receipts . " ostler " - -middle english for " innkeeper . " Hold on . Middle english . The point is " innkeeper " got me to hotels So I cross-indexed last names That match hotels with her first name . Joanne ritz . No photo just a p.o. Box in clarksburg . P.o. Box . Criminals don 't really like People like you knowing where they live . Can you expand the grid search For ben stockton to clarksburg ? What is it ben ? What 's wrong ? I- - I just- - I don 't see it . It 's okay bean . You 're doing great honey . I can 't . I don 't know how it ends . Mom . No . Please I don 't want to go away . Well that 's up to ben isn 't it ? Mom . Stop ! What are you doing to her ? ! If you lose her again You 'll only have yourself to blame . Mom ! I 'm sorry I upset you last night . Go away . There 's a little boy out there . He 's in trouble . We 're his only hope . I don 't want to talk about math walter . Okay okay . I don 't need to talk about the equation . I need to know about the woman . Where she took you . You 're wrong . There was no woman . Dashiell . If you don 't the boy ... He 'll end up like us . Walter please . I can 't ! Yes you can . It was so beautiful . She promised me things . What I wanted most of all . But when I couldn 't solve the equation She took it away . Everything she promised . It was all a lie . None of it was real . She hurt me . She put me in a dungeon . She filled my mind With images of the people I loved ... And then tortured them ripping them apart All the while Trying to suck the answers she wanted Out of my head . But I couldn 't- - I couldn 't give her what she wanted . Where were you dashiell ? I told you a dungeon . No no no . Not some fantasy you nitwit . Where were you really ? Dungeon ! A dungeon in a red castle ! You listen . You answer me . Don 't you understand ? No listen . This is the only way we find him . None of it happened . It was just a dream . Just a bad dream . You 're making a terrible mistake . Despite whatever strings you 've managed to pull Your father is not mentally fit To be released from this hospital . Thanks for the advice . My personal assessment is that he 's safer with me Than he is with you . He may not be the picture of sanity But yesterday when I saw him come through that door I saw him change . He was afraid . So what are you saying ? Are you saying that I somehow Managed to intentionally harm him ? Office of homeland security . How 'd you pull this off ? Meaning ? Meaning that since you were here last I learned a little bit about you . Enrolling at m.I.t. Based on fraudulent credentials Starting businesses and failing And then running away from the consequences . Do you have a point ? You are not a fit guardian for walter And I 'm going to petition the state To have him removed from your custody . Excuse me ? Whether you 're willing to recognize it or not Walter is a danger- - Both to himself and to others . Then I guess the apple Doesn 't fall far from the tree . 'Cause you may think you know what he 's capable of But you have no idea what I 'm capable of . Are you threatening me ? I 'd like to see my father now . Walter ? Are you okay ? I 'd like to go now . Of course we 're gonna go right now . I 've--I 've failed . It was all for nothing . Dashiell went on and on Like an incoherent loon About being taken to dungeons And red castles . Son . Is that what it 's like to talk to me ? Walter . Let 's go home . Excuse me ma 'am . I 'm special agent francis with the f.b.I. I was wondering if you 'd seen this boy . His name 's ben stockton . He 's ten years old . No I 'm sorry . What happened to him ? This is dunham . Hey it 's me . I want you to know he 's out . Oh good ! How 's he doing ? Yeah he 's okay But I hope you got a lead there Because this was a total bust . I 'm sorry . So he wasn 't able to connect with dashiell ? No he 's taking it pretty hard . He 's beatin ' himself up pretty good . Did he get anything ? He just said the guy was babbling on Talking about red castles and dungeons . He did what he could . I--I 'm just glad he 's okay . Yeah me too . Okay if any red castles appear I 'll let you know . Sure . It 's not a drawbridge but it 's close . This place looks like It hasn 't been used for a while . It 's francis . Need you to pull up A property search on an address for me . Charlie . Yeah . I think I found something . Watch yourself . Oh thank god . You 're going to be okay . Stop ! Put your hands in the air ! You okay ? She was just there . Nice to be home right ? This place is filthy . Did you have a party while I was gone ? No dad I didn 't have a party . I don 't want you To take this the wrong way But I need space . Sorry to spring this on you so suddenly But these quarters are very cramped . I think I am ready for my own room . That 's--that 's not a problem . I can talk to olivia tomorrow About getting you some on-campus housing . That would be very beneficial . You know what you did By going back into that place Was very very brave walter . Thank you son . Got it . Now let 's see if it really does what you said it would . Where 's the equation ? Seems crazy That some numbers Can make a machine like this work . Look around your house Your office your kitchen- - Numbers make everything work . Here we go . It worked . That 's incredible . It worked . Ben , are you hungry ? 'Cause there 's a vending machine in the hall And I 've got a roll of quarters . No I 'm okay . Thanks . Sure ? Mm-hmm . Ben ? Dad ? Ben ? Dad ! Release forms . As soon as he signs they 're free to go . Yeah oh--we should maybe just uh Let them have a minute . I really need to call peter and walter . After what walter went through He 'll be happy to know that ben 's all right . " Good work .
