 Previously on Fringe they 're calling these events " the pattern , " as if someone out there is experimenting . Only the whole world is their lab . Anybody you need , you can have . his name 's walter bishop . You 're saying I can talk to john ? You could access his memories . You fall in love with your partner , who betrayyou- - he dies in your arms . I saw him last night . Hello , liv . I grabbed my gun , but he was gone . When you were in the tank , part of his consciousness crossed over into yours . - Sorry . - I 've been calling your cell . The west side highway was a parking lot . Did they start ? - Charlotte 's been tap dancing for the last 20 minutes . - Damn it . Wait , wait ... the tie . - Thank you . - Don 't forget this . Breathe . And extenzalife 's market has remained remarkably stable . Especially given wall street 's recent financial difficulties . But let me turn things over to the man you 've come to hear . - Hello . - Mark . Sorry . I 'm late . Thank you for your patience . It 's quickly fading . Right . So let 's get started . Okay , as you can see from figure six , the three-year rate of return on extenzalife products ... well , mr . Young , a rocky start . - But I 'll be letting the board know we 're in good hands . - Thank you . bastard . Son of a- - Lauren and craig will be here . Remember craig ? He 's from south africa . Yeah , I remember him . Are you sure bobby 's gonna be okay with it ? You know , beth , not everybody likes a surprise . Oh , please , the man loves being the center of attention . Do you know how many times he told me the he didn 't want a party for his birthday ? Anyway , I 'm glad you 're coming . It 's been ages since- - ... Had a chance to really talk . Yeah , can you hold on one sec ? I 've got another call . Hello ? I need you to pick up the others and get to marlboro airport . Okay , I 'm gonna tell you something . You 're gonna think I 'm joking , but I 'm not . I quit . Only just for the next couple of days , and I 'm happy to rejoin the others after the weekend . Runway 14 . The plane will be waiting . So where are we going ? NEW YORK CITY Multinational corporation . Secret biological research . Defense department 's largest contractor . Massive dynamic . Seems like such an innocent name for a corporation , don 't you think ? - That 's odd . - What ? The lacerations on the body . These , no doubt , were caused by shards of glass.But these under the shirt- - if they were caused by the glass , how come the shirt 's not torn ? a fall of such height would cause compound fractures , massive internal bleeding , all in evidence in this poor chap , I 'm sorry to say . But wounds this delicate are most unlikely . So what do you think caused ' em ? Too early to tell . It 's a shame I don 't have a lab , I 'd like to examine him . You do have a lab , walter . Your lab at harvard . Yes , I do , don 't I ? mark young was a capable executive who displayed no signs of emotional dysfunction . He was one of our more promising analysts , in fact . Popular among his co-workers . Then why do you think he would jump to his death ? I don 't want to sound callous , agent dunham , but when you run a company of over 300,000 employees , you sometimes see a small percentage who succumb to the stress of their responsibilities ... and on occasion , the nature of our work . What do you mean by that , " the nature of our work " ? I was simply referring to the pressure to deliver results , which the private sector seems to require . You would find it exhilarating . Are you trying to change the subject by offering me another job ? Well , I 'd hate to sound like a suitor who is constantly being turned down for a date . Just to be clear , as flattered as I am , I 'm going to go wherever this investigation takes me . I would expect nothing less . And I would expect more from you than the polite appearance of cooperation . You knew this man . He was a rising star in your company . There must be something more you can tell me about him . When one 's domain includes the cutting edge of science , there is a risk of exposure to ... ideas that aren 't easy to reconcile . Certain realities . I 'm sure you know what I mean , doing the work that you do . For some , it 's too much to take . Do you ever wonder how we survived as a species without drugs ? The hard drive is password protected . Once we break the encryption , we 'll send you his data . Okay . Thank you . well , he wasn 't planning on killing himself three days ago . He just booked a plane ticket . To where ? Omaha , on the 22nd of december . Christmas in nebraska . Sounds depressing . Yeah , well , maybe he 's got family there . ( µÛÍõ ) Did you find something ? No . seems my suspicions were correct . These wounds go all the way down to the bone itself . As if they originated on the inside and pierced their way up through the body tissue . How did that happen ? That is an excellent question . Peter , do you know what I 've been remembering ? Aspects of your childhood . That 's charming , walter . Blood samples are ready . Anything in there that explains those lacerations ? No , I don 't believe so . Typical medications . All of them surprily legal . So they wouldn 't have harmed him ? That is correct . Although they could have been used as a carrier to transfer the foreign compound to the victim 's brain . What foreign compound ? Oh , didn 't I mention ? A synthetic in the blood . An ergoline derivative . Perhaps he was treated for migraines . But it does not explain what caused these wounds . Coffee yogurt . - The synthetic compound ? - Peter . When he was 13 , all he would eat was coffee yogurt . Almost drove his mother to tears . Walter , that wasn 't me . That was you . Hello ? If that 's agent dunham , tell her to bring some coffee yogurt . Can you hold on for one second ? He 's right . About the yogurt . In case you haven 't noticed , I can be quite obsessive . Really ? Hey , you still there ? yeah . I 'm sorry . I just didn 't realize what it would do , you know , hearing your voice . Listen- - no , listen , don 't bother making up a story , peter . I know you 're back . I need to see you . Peter ? I can 't get away right now . Well , then , when ? The Ultimate ... .. Monarch ... .. ÎÞÖ ÷ Ìâ · ¢ ¼ þÈË : John Scott 1312 ... .... hey , liv , what do you know about a bunch of frogs ? I just got a P.O.Request from agent farnsworth asking to send a terrarium and ten pounds of live insect larvae , and charge it off to the mark young case . There something you want to talk to me about ? I had some frogs transferred to the lab as evidence . These frogs , you think they had something to do with why the guy jumped out of the window ? Probably not . Okay . - Charlie . - Yeah ? Come with me . you know after john died , you told me that I should maybe take some time off ? You said that what happened with him was going to affect me in ways that I couldn 't even anticipate . - Yeah . - Yeah . You were right . I feel like I 'm going clinically insane . Literally . I told you I saw him standing right in front of me . This happened again ? And he 's called me . And he sent me an email . And at first I thought it was him helping me , like when we were partners . I know how it sounds . Have you spoken to dr . Katz ? Even though it 's confidential , I 'll still have a psych eval on my record . I know , it seems so selfish to even say it , but I- - I was thinking may I could just take a personal leave . Just do nothing for a week or two and maybe clear my head . Think that 'll help ? I don 't know . - Dunham . - agent dunham , it 's me . Dr. Bishop wants you back immediately . - He thinks you 've cracked the case . - What ? You are not gonna believe this , but , um , the guy who jumped out the window ? Dr. Bishop thinks it 's because of the frogs . Oh , thanks . I wasn 't sure you 'd be here . That makes two of us . You look good , tess . - You look older . - Older ? When my father first saw me , he told me he thought I 'd be fatter . But I gotta tell you , older actually kinda hurts . Your father--since when do you see your father ? - Long story . - Wait , listen to me . If I can find you , then they can find you . I know . They 'll hurt you . Can I get you a cup of coffee ? Something to eat , maybe ? Nothing changes with you , huh ? It 's the same old peter . You just play it fast and loose until it 's too late . it was easy ough for you to leave the first time . Why should it be any different now , right ? I know that you believe that , tessa . But you have to trust me , it was harder than you think . Trust you ? I 'm not sure I ever even knew you . Yeah , you did . Maybe better than anyone . You still do . What does that say about you ? I 'm not kidding . You need to leave boston and never come back ever . - Is that what you want me to do ? - How can you ask me that ? Come on . Tessa , look , it 's comp- - - Michael . - Things have changed . Yeah , apparently . It 'll be worse for you if you stay . psychophysiologic effect , otherwise known as psychosomatic . The ability of the mind to cause actual physical changes in the body . Mind over matter , like when you get scared and you get goosebumps . Precisely . Although it is possible for the body to manifest physical changes imagined in the brain in a far more dramatic fashion , this test subject is in a highly suggestible state , as you can see in this archive footage . A form of hypnosis . I convinced him that he was in a meat locker . And what is more impressive , I told him that this ice cube was a burning coal . Oh , my god . cruel , I suppose , but very enlightening . So , lter , what does this have to do with frogs ? Uh , toads , actually- - bufo alvarius . A species which secretes a psychoactive compound . The substance which I couldn 't identify in mr . Young was in fact a concentration of the venom produced in the skin . Properly altered , it 's an hallucinogen . A very powerful one . Quite unlike anything I have taken . It directly affects the amygdala , which is the fear center of the brain . So you 're saying that mark young hallucinated being cut on his body , and then his mind made it actually happen . Yes . A very clever means of murder . What do you mean " murder " ? Oh , come on , we 've discussed this . I 'm sure we have discussed this . no , no , you and I did before olivia got here . The potency of the dose that I found in mr . Young 's blood was at least 30 times that that any sane person would ingest . Which suggests that someone else gave him the drugs . So whoever those frogs belong to may be the killer . I already ran a property record search on the shed where you found the toads , but nothing came up . How 'd you even find it in the first place ? It 's a long sto . Walter . Walter . The shed where I found the frogs , john scott led me to it . You 've been seeing him again ... because his memories are still in your head . - His memories ? - Yes . Trapped like fragments- - snapshots in your mind . Your work on this case must be a trigger to some knowledge he had . So how long ? I mean , how long is this gonna keep happening ? Could last for many years . I need to get it out . I can 't keep having john 's life flash in front of my eyes every few days . There must be something you can do . Perhaps ... using a form of repressed memory therapy , we may be able to bring the memories to the surface , and purge them from your unconscious . - But- - - but you 'd have to put me back in the tank . Yes . Yes . And I would always advise against that . The risk of physical , not to mention mental damage , it might cause could be catastrophic . Walter , I 'll do it . I need to do it . - Yeah ? - peter , it 's agent farnsworth . Um , where are you ? Putting some gas in the car . Why , what 's up ? I think you should just come back . Ugh , walter ! How long is going to take ? Miss dunham , what we 're doing , what you have asked me to do , is pushing the boundaries of all that is real and possible . We 're not roasting a turkey . the library was not open . I had to go to the book store . What for ? When you 're in the tank , you must listen to my voice at all times . Uh--uh , this is a technique I developed decades ago in this very lab . Most of which I don 't remember . - Is peter coming ? - Yes . Is that a bible ? Yes . Last time you were in the sensory deprivation tank , you went into a state of shared consciousness with agent scott . During that time , part of his memories crossed over into your brain . By putting you into a state of deep hypnosis , and by giving you substantial doses of psychoactive drugs , I can help you to access those alien memories that your mind has repressed . My voice is your guide . It ialso your tether to reality . You must focus on my voice , or you may risk being lost in the memories . What ? I just got an erection . Oh , fear not . It 's nothing to do with your state of undress . - I think I simply need to urinate . - That 's good to know . Will you get her in the tank , please ? Are you sure about doing this again ? all I want is for it to stop . But if his memories can do some good , then at least I wasn 't deceived for nothing . You 'll begin to feel sleepy . You must listen to my voice all times . Concentrate on the name of the man from whom you seek information . And look for signs . Signs ? I 'll tell you when you get there . Walter , what was the bible for ? Well , you 're taking untested psychedelics , lying in saline with an electric charge in the base of your cranium . Among other things , I thought it appropriate to pray you don 't get electrocuted . Praise the lord . Amen . next ! " Then I will sprinkle clean water upon you . " " And ye shall be clean . " And of all thy filthiness , " and all thy idols , " I will cleanse thee d a new spirit " I will give to thee . And a new spirit I will put within thee . " Wow , nice . I didn 't know you were so religious . I 'm not . Not anymore . Olivia , can you hear me ? yes . Good . You see the end of the escalator , olivia ? You will step off in five , four , three , two , one . Take a moment . Look around . What do you see ? I see nothing . Just light . Olivia , listen carefully . Apart from my voice , what else do you hear ? Music . Excellent . Where 's it coming from ? You should be able to see something . There 's nothing . I don 't know where I am . Stand by . Anything now ? What do you see ? nothing . Wait . - There 's a door . - Good . Walk through it . Tell me where you end up . I 'm in a restaurant . does it look familiar ? Sort of . But I don 't know why . This is where we had our first date . And there we are . This is our first date . Can--can you see yourself and john ? What 's going on ? - She 's gone back in . - What ? Olivia went back in the tank ? Why ? Son , I need your help . Walter , you said that this was dangerous . Oh , it is . Very . She thinks john scott had information about the man who killed himself . So what ? She went back in the tank to go talk to john scott ? To see his memories . Look at him . He looks so alive . So real . I need you to adjust the drugs . Well , what did you give her this time ? Drugs I 'd rather be taking myself . Set the iv to ten drips per . Peter , please . I 'm getting up . What should I do ? fear not . This is just a memory . Um , just visiting . They cannot see you . He 's alone . John . he cannot hear you or speak with you . You 're in a memory . He cannot interact with you . Olivia , I 'm going to take you elsewhere . I loved you . Tonight , during dinner , I loved you . But you were lying to me about who you were . I mean , did you ever have any feelings for me at all , or was it all just ... mark young killed himself yesterday . He sees me . no , olivia . He definitely does not see you . I 'm somewhere else . I 'm in john 's car . good . Do you see any clues ? I 'm alone . he must be there . Find out where you are . There 's no one here . It 's his memory . He must be there somewhere . I see them . who ? Ask her what she sees . E ? There 's four men . There 's john , a black guy , one who looks latino , and the fourth I can 't see . I don 't know who they are . Let 's give him a minute . This is a big decision he 's about to make . All right , I 'm good . oh , my god . It 's mark young . I see him . He 's here . can you hear him ? I 'll get closer . Young 's leaving with the latino . I 'm going after them . now you just do your part and we 'll take care of you . * * * * * They 've disappeared . That 's because you 're not in their memories . You 're in john 'S . You must go back to him . you know if it 's on time ? it will be . He 'll deliver . He 's just a little nervous . See the look he gave me when you told him how much you 'd be willing to offer ? I hope you 're right . If we get into another ashby situatio we 're screwed . No ! Stop ! Get me outta here ! Walter ! So just a little less chin . Okay . How 's this ? That 's it . That 's the latino guy I saw in john 's memory . He 's the only one of the four still alive . We need to figure out who he is and find him . So can we get this to charlie , and maybe we can get it id 'd ? Got it . You 're on my clothes . - Oh , sorry . - That 's okay . - You okay ? - Yeah . John 's memories gave us a lead . So I better get a move on . I need to see broyles . - You want some company ? - No . Thanks . Olivia , if you need me , I 'm here . Yeah , I know . We believe mark young was murdered for selling technologies to black market buyers . And we believe that this man was part of an underground group responsible for brokering a sale of a synthetic hallucinogen manufactured by massive dynamics ' drug division . And what would be the black market applications of this hallucinogen ? The drug could easily be mass produced as a cheap street drug or worse . In its potent form , used as a chemical weapon . Apparently it can literally scare you to death . Then don 't let me slow you down . Sounds like you 're doing fine . There 's just one more thing . We 're gonna need massive dynamic to disclose every project that mark young was working on . You 're right . Although that 'll be easier said than done . I 'll see what I can do . If you touch her again , I 'll kill you . Any luck ? We 've been running facial recognition software . So far no matches . Witness sightings ? Nypd 's passing the composite around young 's apartment building and office as we speak . oh , yeah , I need you to cross reference all of john scott 's case files with mark young . Yeah . Hold on . From nina sharp . Mark young 's projects . Yeah , can you call me back if you find something ? Thank you . µç " ° : 1-877-8-MSSDYN ( ÃÀ ¹ úÒ " ÖÖÓÃ × ÖÄ ¸ ¶ ÔÓ ¦ Êý × ÖµÄÖú ¼ Ç · ½ · ¨ ) Hello ? Hello , I 'm calling on behalf of your long distance carrier . I 'm not interested . And I don 't want you calling again . So you better take me off your list , okay ? * * * * * * I need this phone traced . - This is our guy . - how do you know ? I recognize his voice . You recognize his voice ? It 's him , charlie . I swear . - Come on . - Almost there . Got it . It 's a land line , but it was forwarded to a cell . where ? He 's in transit on route 3 heading to lcoln tunnel . How far out are we ? About a mile and closing . we got ' em . Name on the account is george morales . Age 43 . Purchased a plane ticket this morning . 3 : 45 flight down to sao paolo out of jfk . So he must be on his way there now . According to ncic , he 's a black market trafficker , high end . So how far out are we ? 550 yards . Echo flank left foxtrot . Flank right . Wait , he stopped . What , did we lose the signal ? No , he just stopped . So do you think he ditched his phone ? I don 't know why he would . There 's no way he could 've spotted us . Looks like he hit traffic . Where 's the transponder ? Let 's go . Charlie ! * * * * * * * I 'm told you wanted to see me . Yes . I want to make a deal . I 'll tell you everything I know . I 'm not sure what you have to trade . Under title 18 of the U.S.Code , we have you for possession of chemical weapons . On top of suspicion of murder of mark young . I want protection . You mean immunity . No , I an protection . From massive dynamic . You need to move me from here right now . What are you talking about ? I didn 't kill anybody . Why would I ? That guy was a treasure trove of unbelievable things . Massive dynamic killed him . Massive dynamic killed mark young ? That 's right . Why would they ? Maybe as a warning to any employee who 's thinking of doing the same thing . Maybe ? I think it 's easy to invent a story that you think I want to hear . Really ? Did I invent zfd ? Flight 627 ? The northwoods group ? John scott ? The pattern ? The whole thing is- - is a hoax . It 's all a smoke screen so massive dynamic can do whatever it wants to whoever it wants . Do you understand that ? Massive dynamic is hell . And its founder , william bell , is the devil . And I can prove all of it . But only if I get protection . So why me ? Why do I get the privilege of your cooperation ? Because I know I can trust you . You don 't even know me . John scott told me about you . Immunity ... and complete protection . And I will tell you everything I know . Agent dunham , I don 't recall seeing you on my schedule today . Well , I don 't need an appointment , ms . Sharp . It 's all right . No matter where my investigations take me , they always come back here . Well , I don 't know what you 've heard since we last saw each other , but I would hope that my cooperation would 've garnered some benefit of the doubt . Massive dynamic has nothing to hide . It 's about time . What took you so long ? see , I believe that your cooperation is an illusion . It never leads to something tangible . It only leads to more questions . And that 's the point , isn 't it ? To keep us all asking questions ? All just chasing our own tails ? Are you sure you 're feeling well , ms . Dunham ? I think perhap you 're perceiving things that are entirely in your mind 's eye . I wanted to thank you for all your job offers . And I 'm sorry that it 's taken me so long to give you an answer , but I , um , I think I finally have one . Yes , it 's obvious in your expression . Well , I understand that you 've captured your suspect . I imagine at in an effort to seek an immunity agreement from your agency , he 's attempting to blame massive dynamic for all his foul deeds . Are you protecting your ceo , william bell ? Because if you are , now is the time to tell me . Once our witness talks , you lose all leverage in a plea . I seriously doubt that your witness will be able to provide any actionable evidence to implicate massive dynamic or william bell of any wrong doing . no , please ! No , john , please ! Don 't- - I won 't say anything . Dunham . - Our witness is dead . - What ? seems he was drugged with the same substance as mark young . How ? We had guards on his room . We don 't know yet , but a nurse saw his throat open up right before her eyes . Nina sharp . Excuse me ? She got to him . And there 'll be no evidence of that . Just like you said . Dunham , nina sharp and massive dynamic have been nothing but cooperative with this investigation . I suggest you keep your unfounded accusations in check . Walter . Can you come out ? Um , I need to go back in . - In our room ? - Uh , no . In the tank . There are too many questions . Like who 's working for whom ? And why ? Who should be arrested ? Who 's plotting what ? And if john had the answers , then the answers are still in his memory , which means that they 're in my memory . - Ms.Dunham- - - please , walter.We 're wasting time . It 's dangerous . I am prepared to take that risk . There is little that makes me happier than taking drugs . Perhaps administering them , designing and carrying out experiments that bend the plane of what we consider reality . I 'm rarely if ever opposed to such things except now . But I tell you , you 'll damage yourself . Every time you go back in , the risk of permanent damage : Seizures , aneurysms , memory loss , death- - but if I don 't go back in , others may die . And if you do , the death could be your own . There are no guarantees that you will retrieve the memories you 're looking for . And remember , there can be no interaction with him . You can 't just ask . He did see me . No . No , that is not possible . Give me some time . I will try to develop a safer technique . But not tonight . You need to rest . Sleep well . You too . tell him to have the money or I 'll have to break his legs too . I gotta go . What the hell happened to you ? He 's back in town . Peter bishop . Peter bishop , really ? I SAW ... .
