 Previously on Fringe .. They 're calling these events a pattern As if someone out there is experimenting . Only the whole world is their lab . You 're saying I can talk to John . You could access his memories . David Robert Jones was arrested on possession of state secrets The people I work with are loyal to the end . Can you say the same - Hello , Liv - You 're not real What is happening ? When you were in the tank , part of his memories crossed over into yours . Security cameras are out , disarming alarm - Alarm disarmed - Roger , we are in . - How are you doing - Loop is up , you 're good to go . - How are we doing ? - Good to go - Ok . - Powering up . 3 , 2 , 1 .. charge Oscillation is good . Ready to open the grid . Where are we ? 96 % , 98 % .. resonants , set Give me the grid Careful United firm How long do we have Confirming density and digners , 1 minute 41 , 40 Let 's go 610 , 610 , 610 Ok , we got it . Give me a charge gel 57 seconds . We gotta move 45 seconds Ok , tie it on Alright , let 's move . Grab everything let 's go . Let 's go , I need help . Get it up Ok , take your dom They gotta move or we 're not gonna make it Lugo , let 's go Neg , can 't just disengage Forget disengage , we gotta go now . You go , I 'm working on it . Go . I 'll back the herage 15 seconds . What the hell is he doing Man , he 's stuck , he can 't leave that in there . It will be screwed if he does . Yeah , I think he understands that . Come on What got it slack - 10 seconds , 9 seconds , 8,7,6 - Alright , I 'm ready - Pull me through - 5 seconds , 4,3 We 've got 2 seconds , come on , pull Come on , push . Come on Pull me through Grab everything , let 's go No , don 't leave me . Please Let 's go . Let 's go . Secure that gear , I want nothing left behind . Fringe S01E10 : Safe : What do you mean you don 't have one ? Everybody 's got one . Even I 've got one . What 's that , a spleen ? Yeah , Walter , a spleen . And this one suffers from asplenia , A rare genetic condition In which one is born spleenless . Thank you , Walter . So , you seriously don 't have a best friend ? Nope . Well , does a sister count ? Of course a sister doesn 't count . Well , I guess that I 've always just enjoyed being on my own . Even when I was at boarding school , They used to call me " han " . As in " solo " ? That 's cute . Least you had a nickname . This is Phillip Broyles with homeland security . Please have him call me as soon as possible . Yes , and they 'll connect you . Clear the area , please . This is fascinating . Security guard was killed , The surveillance cameras disabled . So , what do we have ? We have nothing . This incident may be related to a recent series Of bank robberies , this would be the third . All in Philadelphia ? First was in Cleveland , the second in Baltimore . I was in Baltimore . I remember a woman With particularly large breasts . Each time the only thing that 's been taken has been A single , oversized safe deposit box . All without so much as a breach of the vault . Are the boxes traceable ? I have a call in to the bank manager now . The who , what , and why , That 's you . Just when you thought things couldn 't get any weirder . Peter , I know this man . What , the guy in the wall ? Really ? Let me guess . He 's your best friend . No , I mean it . You know him from where ? To determine what happened here , We 'll have to cut him out of the wall . At least pieces of him . I 'll need some of this netting as well . Raul . Raul Lugo . You know this man ? He was in my first unit in the marines . Then you have my condolences . You 're being serious ? Yeah . He 's from Jersey . Uh , he 's married . His wife 's named Susan . He plays baseball . He Lives in Edison . I 've been to his house . Bullet in the head or no , Leaving a guy halfway stuck in the wall Wasn 't the most professional move . I thought it was a nice touch . You can joke about it all you want . Yeah , thanks . We had another grid . We should have tried to get him out . How are we doing ? Crappy . Self-sealing bolts , magnetic tumblers , Some kind of old-school chromo-alloy . Someone really didn 't want this opened . How long ? Couple of hours , maybe three . We have one more box to go . If your bitching about Raul Is your way of saying you want out , then go . Otherwise inject yourself and shut your mouth . Mr. Kohl . Please come in . This is amazing ! The scale of this hardware store In unprecedented . Actually , it 's completely precedented . There are stores like this everywhere , Walter . All around the world , in every city . If anyone knows that , it 's you . All right , what 's that supposed to mean ? My last phrase ? Yes , your last phrase . " if anybody knows that , " " it 's you . " what is that ? I was implying that you traveled extensively . No , you were implying that I haven 't Stayed still much in the last 15 years . You were implying , and you 've been implying With increasing frequency , that you don 't approve Of my admittedly nomadic existence . In short , Walter , you 're saying that you 're disappointed I haven 't made more out of my life . That 's what you 're implying . Yes , I suppose so . The reason this store seems like such a miracle to you Is because you 've been holed-up in a mental institution For the better part of the last two decades , Which effectively does two things . One , it precludes you from knowing Much of anything about me . About who I am , who I 've been , What I know , and what I 've done . And two , it renders any fatherly judgments You may have of me moot . Are we clear ? Can I help you guys find something ? Oh , Yes . We 're looking for an electric saw , Preferably variable speed With an easily replaceable blade system . What are you cutting ? Wood ? Human tissue . Flesh and bone . It 's more sinuous than you may expect . It 's really not that dire . Oh , actually , potentially it 's far worse . Um , I think that the saw that you 're looking for Is around the corner , next to the routers . Thank you . No need to call the police . Mr. Jones , as you know , we only have so much time . So ... The sentencing is scheduled for next week . As I told you before , I think the best we can hope for is life . However , I will be filing an appeal ... You 're spoke to my people ? Do they have any news for me ? Yes , they said that the " job " In Philadelphia was successful . Oh , good . Please tell them the following . They are to wire Mr. Loeb another $ 100,000 And to inform him of the location of the next item . I 'll pass that along . Thank you . Here is the document . If you could just take a quick look at it ? This is a standard document for appeal . If you 'll just sign on the ... What are you doing ? Items that I will need upon your next visit . My people will provide them for you . Dramamine ? Sun tan lotion ? What are these for ? As my employee , It really is none of your concern now , is it ? What size are you ? Your suit size ? 40 long . Why ? The address of my personal tailor . He 'll fix up something nice for you . My way of saying thank you for all you 've done for me . Yes ? Susan . Yeah . Olivia . Olivia Dunham . Hello . I 'm afraid I have some bad news . I just can 't believe it . I just can 't believe he 's dead . Raul moved out about two years ago . We hadn 't spoken in months . You know , I am so sorry . And please forgive me , But did he mention these robberies ? No . Can 't say I 'm surprised though . What do you mean ? Ever since he came back from the war , He was just dark . Depression , drinking And I tried to help the best way I could , I swear to god , but ... I 'm sure you did . Do you know anyone he was hanging out with ? Any of his recent friends ? Because I hadn 't seen Raul in years . You knew Raul ? Yes , of course . We served together in the marines . Oh , I didn 't know . We have met before . Who ? You and I ? Yes , we had dinner here . You were in my house ? It took me a little while to remember Because it was so long ago , But Raul and I met at camp Pendleton . And we had dinner here , The night that he became first lieutenant . No , you weren 't here . Susan , I 'm sorry , But I was . And you were a wonderful host. you made pot roast ... And it burned , yes , and we had to order in . Yeah , and the delivery guy Dropped the bag right here . And that piano was actually in front of the window And the sofa was here by the fire . Yes , I remember , but you were not here . The day Raul made first lieutenant , It was just me , Raul , and John . Who ? Raul 's friend from Pendleton , John . John who ? John Scott . Are you okay ? Almost there , son . Get ready . You can do it . Nice catch. well done . I 'm carrying a tray , Walter . it 's not exactly rocket science . What I said before didn 't come out as I intended . What , the crack about the breasts ? No , about my disappointment in you . It has more to do with your potential Than anything else . You have no idea what you 're capable of , Peter . That 's sweet , Walter , But ultimately unfair . Especially coming from you . So , what have we got here so far ? Nothing yet . Walter seems to think that if we can examine This guy 's flesh at the cellular level , We might be able to figure out how it is That they pass through solid matter . What we perceive as solid matter Is mostly empty space . Just as me may perceive that a life is full That is actually a series of empty encounters . He 's been like that all day. it 's been awesome . To accomplish this , your bank robbers would need Cutting edge knowledge of quantum physics , Not to mention technology that would cost more Than dozen banks could hold . How did it go with Raul Lugo 's wife ? Well , they were separated , So she hadn 't had much contact with him for months . But she said he suffered from depression . Are you okay ? Yeah , I 'm good . No , Peter 's right . your pupils are dilated . It 's a symptom of high stress . Unless you 're using hallucinogens . Are you tripping , agent Dunham ? Walter ... I didn 't recognize Raul Lugo , John Scott did . You 're confusing John Scott 's memories ... With my own . So , you never met this guy ? No , but I could have sworn I did . I don 't understand that . I need to look into that . Okay , but first we need to figure out What happened here . Who did this , what they want , And what they 're gonna do next . Success . Nice job . Are you ever gonna let us see what 's in these boxes ? I don 't think so . And even if I did , you wouldn 't understand it . Well , I thought we were making progress . We were , but we 've hit a dead end Trying to reconstruct John Scott 's memories . If we push further , we risk destroying The fragments we 're trying to retrieve . Well , not to place any undue pressure On you and your team , But we 're in a race against highly motivated individuals . And right now , John Scott is our only advantage . Understood . So , why did you need me to go get all that rice ? No talking ! Seriously , Walter , what 's the rice for ? And while I 'm at it , what 's with all the toys ? Oh , these were in my storage . They 're your toys , son , From when you were a little boy . Those aren 't mine . Then I suppose they must be mine . It 's the netting , Peter . I believe the swatch left behind Is from a larger piece . It was draped over the vault wall . That somehow is the key , Although I 'm not sure yet exactly how they would ... What do you see here ? So far some rice and a bunch of toys . This gentleman is standing on what appears to be solid . However , add vibration ... I 'm quite envious of this . Of what ? Well , somehow the robbers Were able to weaken the vault wall . High frequency vibrations disrupting its atomic structure Allowing another piece of solid matter through it . Well , obviously what I 'm showing you here Is a theoretical example . In actuality , this feat would be immensely complicated And apparently not without consequences . It seems the use of this technology Can render one slightly radioactive . How slightly ? Not as slightly as I thought . Miss ? Would you mind putting the hand on ice ? It will help preserve the tissue . Just so I 'm clear , Walter , The robbers have managed to not only violate The natural laws of the universe , But they 're also becoming radioactive ? Who 's radioactive ? Our robbers apparently . Where have you been ? I 've been working . Where have you been ? I 've been buying rice for Walter 's toys . Did you get any leads On the safety deposit boxes ? Yeah , they were all purchased 23 years ago . All paid for in cash , bogus names on each account . How radioactive ? Slightly . Though not as slight as Walter would like . So , we have no idea Who those safety deposit boxes belong to ? No , and it 's untraceable . Can you call all the hospitals In and around the Philadelphia area , Get them to call us if anyone comes in Showing signs of radiation poisoning . Yeah , I 'm on it . Okay . So , what 's our next move ? Raul Lugo was a good kid before the military . He had a clean record , responsible employee . I want to know how he became a criminal . Why they recruited him and what they promised him . All right , so how are we gonna do that ? Lugo 's wife gave me some names . It just so happens His best friend from high school Works at a bar in Cambridge . Did I just hear " bar in Cambridge " ? Hey , Astrid , would you mind ... Watching Walter ? Yeah , I 'm on that , too . Now , miss , I 'm going to repeat The demonstration with the rice . Would you care to watch ? Nope . Okay . Just go along with this , okay ? Sure thing , boss . Hi . Hey . How 's your night ? I 've had worse . What can I get you ? Double shot of whiskey . A double . What 's your preference ? Your call . You ? Same as the lady . I 'm Stephanie . This is my brother , Rick . Hey , brother Rick . Hi . You know , you look familiar . Oh , me ? Cheers . Um ... I 'll take another . Are you sure we haven 't met before ? I don 't think so . What 's your name ? Drew . Drew , I got to tell you , I never forget a face . It 's true , she doesn 't . It 's kind of creepy actually . I got it . Raul and Susan 's wedding . No way . You were there ? You were the best man . Yeah . It 's incredible , right ? She 's been able to do that since we were kids . Remember that ? I do . So do you still see them ? No , it 's been years . I was friends with Susan in college , But we lost contact , too . It 's horrible . Where are they living now ? You know , I don 't know . I heard they split . Oh , No . Yeah , well , I 'm not surprised . Why not ? I don 't know . Raul got weird . Weird how ? You know he was in the gulf war ? He sort of ... I don 't know , It was post-traumatic stress or something . I feel bad . I 'm sure I would have lost my mind If I 'd gone to the gulf war as well . Anyway , when he got back , he didn 't come around much . He started hanging out at the VA a lot . Which one ? I don 't know . It 's a shame . He was a good guy . Excuse me . Sure . Brother ? Yeah . It , uh ... It kind of works . Better that way . Does it now ? Broyles . It 's Dunham . Look , I was wondering if you could find out What VA hospital Raul Lugo might have gone to . There was nothing in any of his records . Yeah , I know . That 's why I 'm calling you . Can you help me ? I 'll do what I can . I 'll have an answer for you in an hour . Thanks . Let 's go . He is gonna call us back in an hour What 's the rush ? Two is your limit ? Is that a dare ? Rook to e-7 . Check . So , I took a look at his papers while he was checking out Whatever was in that box we grabbed . So ? It 's a map of Germany . Germany ? Yeah , Frankfurt . Lines all over it . Latitude and longitude . Looks like he 's planning a damn invasion . I got next . All right , listen up . We 're headed out . Let 's go . Where to ? Providence . Pick a card . All right . Now , I need you to memorize that card . - Okay . - You got it ? - Yeah , I got it . - You sure ? - Yes . - Absolutely positive ? Absolutely positive . Because if you don 't , it doesn 't work . Okay , I remember . Okay , good . And just like everything else we do around here , It 's about to get weirder . It 's pretty good , right ? - That was great . - Okay , so top that . - Okay . - Seriously ? - Oh , that 's fantastic . - Women never have card tricks . Tell me when to stop . One , two , three , four , five , six , seven ... Stop . Which one ? Four of clubs . Eight , nine , 10 , 11 , 12 ... Stop . Queen of diamonds . You can count cards . That 's all I would do when I was a kid . I 'm sure that if I was a child today , I would be diagnosed with something . I just have this thing for numbers . I see them once and remember them The rest of my life . Seriously ? Yeah , my best friend from high school 's License plate : 7240168 . My locker combination in middle school : 36-21-7 . The numbers of the safety deposit boxes : 233 , 377 , and 610 . What ? - I could do more . - No , no , no . Say that again . The numbers on the safety deposit boxes . 233 , 377 , and 610 . Why ? I know those numbers . Walter ? Hey , Walter ! Wake up ! Walter . Walter , wake up . This is important . Do you two want to use the room ? Walter , this is important . The numbers you recite every night , what are they ? Numbers ? Every night you recite a sequence of numbers To help you fall asleep . 233 , 377 , 610 ... 987 , 1,597 . Precisely , those . What is that pattern ? It 's a Fibonacci sequence . You should know that , Peter . If you had stayed at college ... Walter , not everybody knows the Fibonacci sequence . Oh , sure they do . It 's a wildly famous mathematical sequence . Each number in the sequence Is the sum of the two preceding . Including 233 , 377 , and 610 , Which just happened to be the numbers Of the safety deposit boxes that were stolen . It 's fascinating , but it 's a coincidence . It can 't possibly be significant . Unless ... Oh , my god . What ? The safety deposit boxes are mine . Walter , are there any other Safety deposit boxes that haven 't been broken into yet ? I don 't know . I don 't know where because I can 't remember Why I put things into the boxes . All right , so let me get this straight . You can remember traveling Around the country 23 years ago , Renting all these safety deposit boxes Under assumed names , But you can 't remember why ? The " why " is of secondary importance To " what " . What was I protecting ? Whatever it was , I didn 't use my usual hiding places . So , I suspect it was something Of profound significance . Well , excellent . That clears it right up . I was under a great deal of stress at the time . It was before the accident in the lab . Before that poor lab assistant lost her life . I was ... distrustful of everybody . Even better , your mother , I was convinced I was being followed . Someone was watching my every move . Which medication is that , Walter ? Supplements . Walter , did you tell anybody else ? I told you , I was paranoid . Okay , get dressed. we 're going out . Breakfast ? According to your travel records , In 1985 , you gave a lecture at Syracuse university . Now , these photos are of banks in the Syracuse area . Does any of this trigger anything in your mind ? Yes , but not about banks . Think back 20 years Imagine yourself then , imagining yourself now , 20 years into the future . In your wildest imagination , Could you ever think you 'd be here ? Is he stoned ? Just show him the other batch And be patient with him . His mind works in a different way . Agent Dunham . What 's up ? After he split up with his wife , Raul Lugo moved to d.c. He was an in-patient at the VA there For six months , from last may to mid-October . No visitors ? Not according to the records . I don 't know what that does to your theory He was recruited there . Unless it was by another patient . You have something ? Something remarkable , actually . When we tried to access agent Scott 's hippocampus , His brain wave echo suddenly became erratic . Inconsistent in ways we 've never seen . And the cause of the inconsistency ? We managed to resolve the last image In agent Scott 's optic nerve before he died . This image is linked To a second set of brain wave echoes . Agent Dunham 's . They must have somehow shared consciousness . If that 's the case , It would suggest that some of John Scott 's memories , Perhaps the very ones we need ... Are in agent Dunham 's mind . Hi , agent Dunham with DHS . I 'm looking for Dr. Bruce Miller ? Thank you . Excuse me , Dr. Miller ? Agent Olivia Dunham . I 'm with DHS . What can I do for you , agent Dunham ? I wanted to talk to you about a patient of yours , Raul Lugo . Marine force recon . History of PTSD . As I 'm sure you know , I can 't violate Patient confidentiality . Raul Lugo is dead , Dr. Miller , So his right to confidentiality no longer apply . I 'm investigating his death , And I need to know about his friends , Anyone he was doing therapy with Or people that he got close to ... If you 're referring to current or former patients , Those records are also protected . Unless they 're involved in ongoing criminal activity , In which case it would be your duty To release them to me . What crimes ? I 'm sorry , I 'm not authorized to tell you that . Suffice to say , the team of criminals I 'm investigating Are all highly trained , well-skilled , and ... Agent Dunham , I have two dozen patients to see Before I can go home to dinner . And I 'm not about to violate my ethical duty Based on your say-so . Now , if you 'd like to come back with a federal subpoena , I would be glad to help you out . But until then , you 'll have to excuse me . He liked to play chess Raul He used to play chess all day long . With anyone in particular ? There were four of them . The chess club . And do you remember their names ? Get a pencil . Let 's go . Let 's go . Let 's move . Let 's go . Door ! Let 's move ! Robert Norton , captain , united states air force . Honorably discharged April of ' 04 . Pull up his cell phone records and his financials . See if there 's anything else that ties him to Lugo . I 'm on it . These are the VA visitor logs . These men were recruited . I want you to comb the logs and follow up on every entry . I just talked to Evan McNeil 's wife . Says her husband 's away on business . She hasn 't heard from him in two days . Well , call his work and see if they know where he is . All right , we got something . One of our vets bought three one-way tickets To tf green airport in Providence . When do they land ? 47 minutes ago . Hey , what 's up ? We think the next bank hit Is gonna go down in Providence . Can you talk to Walter And see if it jogs his memory ? Yeah , sure . Don 't strokes only . You brush with the grain . Hey , Walter , are any of those banks You rented the safety deposit boxes in Providence ? I don 't believe so , No . I 'm sorry , Peter , I have tried everything to remember . I understand how important it is , And I am quite disappointed with myself . Hold on a sec . When she 's finished chewing her cud , Remember to brush her teeth . I am not brushing a cow 's teeth , Walter . You know I have real work to do , right ? Hey , Walter . If you were gonna rent a safety deposit box In providence , what bank would you use ? Providence ? That would have to be The Fairmont savings bank , off Westminster street . It 's the only one with safe deposit boxes Big enough for my purposes . Oh.well done , son . The Fairmont savings bank , off Westminster street . You 're sure ? Oh , yeah.I 'm sure . Agents , Sam Martin . Providence SAC . Francis and Dunham . So , what 's our status ? All surrounding streets are locked down . Per your request , my men are checking All shared walls and alley ways . This is Mr. Grimes , he manages the bank . I don 't understand . We 've had no alarms or signs of forced entry . Well , this crew doesn 't work like that , Mr. Grimes . We have cameras , motion detectors , Sensors that detect fractional variances In ambient temperature . They might be disabling that wirelessly . Shooting you a feed back loop of old data While they stop and shop . Oh , my god . It 's the next number in the Fibonacci sequence . These four walls are internal to the bank . I don 't care how they got in here , They 're still in my perimeter . This layout 's not easy . And even if they did get through One of these walls , they 've got Multiple other walls on every side . They wouldn 't have time to breach them all . What 's underneath ? A basement or access tunnels ? This is the basement . There 's two feet of solid steel And then the foundation . Everything under that Belongs to the city . Gas mains , sewer , electric . Sewer . Providence pd , I need the closest sewer line exit To Fairmont savings bank . Let 's go . Fbi ! Freeze ! Come on ! Come on ! Come on , man ! Come on , you can do it ! Come on ! Reach out a little further ! Come on ! Come on , man , you 've almost got it ! This is Francis , ID number 31556 . I need a bolo on a black cargo van Heading south on Westminster . License plate number 10562-sierra . I also need ems , suspect down . Damn it ! Shut up . Scrub down and take your shots . I want this box open now . Not until you show me what this is all about . One guy dead , another put away . For that ? A camera or something ? What the hell is it ? A word of advice ... don 't pry into things You couldn 't possibly understand . We 're on . He 's coming tonight . Perfect . Very good . I see you didn 't take me up on my offer To go see my tailor . No , I like this suit . It 's always been lucky for me . I can appreciate that . Thank you , Mr. Kohl . Come back in the morning with the paperwork For my appeal . 6 : 30 sharp ? I 'll be happy to sign it then . Oh , and wear one of your lucky suits . Will there be anything else ? As a matter of fact , Yes . I 'll need my people to procure one last item . And what would that be ? Not a " what " , Mr. Kohl . In this case , A " whom " . Target in sight . We have your service record , Mr. Eastwick . Your 1040 's . We know everything about you . Except what it was that you wanted so badly You 'd walk through a solid wall . Ryan Shawn eastwick , staff sergeant , First special forces group , third battalion . 29869617 . You 're not a pow , eastwick . You 're a criminal . Look at his hands . They look a little jittery . She 's wearing him down . No , I don 't think so . That looks physiological . Call her out , would you ? I got an idea . I wasn 't aware you had a background In interrogation . I 've been in rooms like that , On both sides of the table . This will either work or it won 't . Either way , it 's only two minutes of your time . We already have enough proof To put you down for armed robbery times three . That 's over 20 years in a federal prison . Do you think the prisoners there will care That you were once a hero fighting for your country ? We lose him , we lose time . We lose everything . You 're a tough guy . I 'm a tough guy . I think we can dispense with the formalities . I 'm not gonna stick a thumb in that shot-up leg of yours Because a , I think that 's exactly What you expect me to do , And b , I don 't think you 'd crack anyway . No , all I want from you Is to show me your hands . Right . Let me see if any of this rings a bell for you . You 've been shaking uncontrollably , You vomited at least twice in the last 10 hours , And this morning you found hair on your pillow Because it 's starting to fall out . What 's wrong with me ? Radiation poisoning . Right now , you 're in the " walking ghost " phase , Which I suggest you enjoy 'cause it 's a hell of lot better Than the intestinal bleeding , Delirium-and-coma phase You 're gonna hit in a couple of days . You violated the laws of physics , Mr. Eastwick , And mother nature 's a bitch . Are you a doctor ? First , I need to know what you were hired to steal . He didn 't tell us . Who 's he ? I need a name . He never told us his name , all right ? We were freelance , hired out . He equipped us , trained us . I can tell you names of the others , But it doesn 't matter anyway . He 's got everything he needs now . Everything he needs to do what ? Are you gonna help me or not ? Actually , Ryan , No . What I 'm gonna do is I 'm gonna go On the other side of that glass And I 'm gonna watch you bleed out , Unless you tell me everything I need to know ! I swear , I don 't know what he 's doing . All I know is I overheard a phone conversation once . He 's going to a field in Westford . A field . What field ? I don 't know ! Look , man , you got to help me , all right ? I need some medicine , okay ? Some specialist . Please . You got to help me . Hey ! Hey ! There . Westford . That 's 30 square miles . How are we gonna find one field in all of that ? Wait . What ? I know where they 're going . There 's an abandoned air strip out there . It 's called little hill field . " little hill " . That 's the code word that Joseph smith Gave to David Robert Jones , in a case a few weeks ago . The guy from the German prison ? It can 't be a coincidence , Charlie . It 's in Westford just off route three . You come in from the west . I 'll take the south . All right. listen up ! I need every available unit for field assist ! Let 's move , move , move ! It 's in here somewhere , What I hid in those banks . It must be . I kept very thorough records . Unfortunately , not very organized records . That 's quite impressive . It 's a nervous tick . Which hand ? That 's fantastic . Magic . What ? You nearly died when you were a boy . You started bruising , then your kidneys failed . Doctors didn 't know what it was , The closest diagnosis was hepea . It 's a rare form of bird flu That hadn 't been around for decades . Your mother was beside herself . She stopped eating , she stopped sleeping , And I was worse . After all , I was the scientist And here my only son was dying And I couldn 't do anything about it . Walter , I don 't remember any of that . I 'd became consumed with saving you , Conquering the disease . In my research , I discovered a doctor . Alfred gross , Swiss , brilliant physician . He was the only man That had ever successfully cured a case of hepea . But there was a problem . He had died in 1936 . And so , I designed a device Intended to reach back into time to cross The time-space continuum and retrieve Alfred gross . To bring him back with me , to fix you , my dying son . The device , Peter , I think that 's what I hid in those safe deposit boxes . And it worked ? You were able to go back to 1936 And get this guy ? No . Before I could test it , you started to recover . The doctor said it was a miracle . But the science behind it , in theory , it would work . In theory , It could retrieve anyone from anywhere . Dunham . It 's Charlie . I 'm headed east on route three , about two miles out . What 's your 20 ? I 'm 10 minutes out , coming in from the south on plain . 49.1.1122 , 95 degrees north . 8.916092 degrees east . Horizontal angle 33.33 grad . We 're good to go . What time do you have ? 12 : 30 . Mr. Jones . Mr. Kohl . I have your appeal request all prepared And ready to go . All I need is your signature . 1082 , this is bravo team . Entering Westford , Pulling south on to bridge street . Target captured . Hello ? Olivia Dunham is missing . What ? What do you mean missing ? It appears she 's been abducted . Need I even ask ? Are you there ? Yes , yes , I 'm here . Frankly , I resent the accusation . I don 't make accusations , so let me be clear . If I find out ... Phillip , that 's enough . You know how I feel about agent Dunham . Why would I want any harm to come to her ? Now , what do we know about who may have taken her And why ? So , what does one say at a moment like this ? Nice trip ? I suppose that works well enough . I need to get into the decompression chamber . Of course . Do you have her ? Agent Dunham . She didn 't even put up a fight . Well , then let 's not keep her waiting .
