 ( TIRES SCREECHING ) ( ENGINES REVVING ) ( TIRES SCREECHING ) ( CHUCKLES ) ( ALARM WAILING ) CASE : Damn it ! Rear armor ? Shot to hell : ( MACHINE GUNS FIRING ) You better drop back : It 's the Iast lap : We can win this : Why don 't this son of a bitch just die ? oil : Out : Smoke : Finished : Give me the napalm ! Nothing works ! Drop the tombstone : On my mark : Three , two , one : I got you now , motherfucker : Mark ! Shit ! Fuck ! That 's how you want to do it ? Okay : ( TIRES SCREECHING ) He 's still coming : Our tank is exposed : He 's got us , Frank : You have to drop back : It 's a quarter mile to the line : I can make it : Sayonara , Frankie : Punch out : I 'm sorry : Forty years : Longer than my marriage : Sounds like you 're gonna miss this place : MAN 1 : I still can 't believe they closed it down : Just like that : The only thing I 'm gonna miss is my paycheck : well , it was honest work for honest men : MAN 2 : I got a family to feed , and there 's no work out there : I hear they might be hiring down at the docks : Five men , maybe : Hey , thanks , man : Thanks , Jensen : MAN ON PA : collect your final paycheck and leave : The main gate will be locked in 15 minutes : ( MEN CLAMORING ) Get ready to be ripped off , boys : collect your paycheck and leave the premises in an orderly manner : The main gate will be locked in 15 minutes : Cash or check ? Better make it cash : $ 300 : I worked 1 20 hours the Iast two weeks : Cash fee : Next ! Cash fee ? You wanted cash , there 's a fee : You want a check instead ? Seeing as the company 's out of business , not exactly : You don 't like it , there 's the complaint box : Next ! ( SIRENS WAILING ) They never get it : SeIf-fuIfiIIing prophecy : ( CLAMORING ) We 're honest workers : We 're just like you guys ! What the hell are you doing here ? You bastards ! ( GROANS ) Shit ! Shit ! Ross ! You okay , Ross ? Rubber bullets , the assholes ! Come on ! Come on ! Hi , honey : Hi : Sorry I 'm so late : Nice day at work ? Yeah : Just fine : Give me that shirt : They called the riot police : It got ugly : I don 't deserve you : You 're a good man , Jensen Ames : And it doesn 't matter what anyone else thinks but me : So , $ 300 : That 's all they gave us : We 'II make it last : We always do : I 'II start looking tomorrow : I think you 're forgetting that I married you for your non-financiaI assets : Did you now ? Mmm-hmm : ( BABY CRYING ) ( BABY CONTINUES CRYING ) ( SHUSHING ) ( SOFTLY ) Daddy 's home : Is it you who was making all that noise ? JENSEN : What does little Piper want ? Want a story ? You know you won 't understand it : But it will be good practice for me : But it will be good practice for me : What the hell : Let 's go crazy : Something smells good : Honey ? Suzy ? ( JENSEN BREATHING ) OFFICER 1 : Stay on the ground ! Stay on the ground : OFFICER 2 : Drop the knife ! Do not resist ! Stay on the ground ! Stay where you are ! Stay on the ground ! Don 't move ! Move : Get up against the wall : ( JENSEN SCREAMING ) Scrub yourself : Stop : Prisoner will step back : Happy holidays : ( LIPS SMACKING ) ( SQUEALING ) ( INMATES FIGHTING ) ( THUNDER RUMBLES ) They slipped : They slipped : Good morning : Morning : Morning , Warden : Morning : Good morning , ma 'am : Good morning : There goes the baddest ass in the yard : Sound like you 're in love , homie : I am : Damn : I had to wake up for this ? AII right , is it my imagination , or is this shit getting worse ? Like , what is this supposed to be ? oatmeal : I think : Man , how do you fuck up oatmeal ? Who 's the new guy ? Jensen Ames : The driver ? Never heard of him : Oh , yeah , I saw him race years ago : He 's good : Did some time upstate : killed his career : holder of the fastest laps at WiIIard , Union and butler : I hope he 's as fast off the track as he is on : Never a dull day : Let 's get the fuck out of here : Heads up : It 's Pachenko : So you 're the wife killer : Takes a big man to kill a woman : I suppose you rape kiddies , too : You hear that , everyone ? Guy kills women : Rapes kiddies : What do you think we ought to do about that ? Get down on the ground ! Down on the ground ! Now ! Nobody move ! Nobody move ! I guess he didn 't like the oatmeal , either : well , you 've got stones : Putting the hurt on a Brotherhood general : But right now , that 's the least of your problems : The warden does bad things to people that mix it up with the drivers : ( KNOCKS ) Prisoner 77 1 19 , ma 'am : Thank you , Mr : UIrich : This prison is the home to murderers , rapists and violent offenders of every kind : The United States penal system sends me the worst of the worst : But the men you 've provoked : well , Iet 's just say , Mr : Ames , that the life term you joined us for may be a Iot shorter than you think : I understand : Tradition : Soften up the new guy : An ass-sIapping good time had by all : ( GROANS ) foul language is an issue for me : while looking over your record , I couldn 't help noticing your occupational history : It seems you have some talent behind the wheel : Out of curiosity , when was the Iast time you raced ? It 's been a while : I lost my license : What if I couId help you ? Get my license back ? I had something else in mind : You 're familiar with the Death Race and the driver the fans call Frankenstein ? A man so disfigured by crashes that he 's forced to wear a mask : His return to the track is highly anticipated , and therein lies my problem : No one knows yet , but poor Frank died on an operating table not long after his last race : Anyone can wear the mask : But not just anyone can drive the car : You have the skills I require to keep the legend alive : I want you to become Frankenstein : No , thanks : He 's dead : Why don 't you just tell the truth ? The audience wants to see Frank again : He moves them : Inspires them : And in this world , that 's not so easy to come by : What makes you think for a second I would risk my Iife doing this for you ? Win five races , you go free : Those are the rules : And Frank has won four : Win one more , you walk : call it intuition , but : I don 't think you belong in here with the rest of these animals : I might surprise you : The race is Friday , and I need your decision : Ten seconds from now , I will retract this offer , and extend it to Prisoner 68815 , James Francis BarIini , who , clearly not of your caliber , will be quite enthusiastic about it : And you , unfortunately , will need to spend your incarceration in solitary : Since now I know your dirty little secret : I 'm sure you 'II find solitary preferable to what Mr : Pachenko and his friends have in mind for you : You 're a skilled driver : Your chances are good : I 'm offering you your freedom , Mr : Ames : If it 's not worth risking your life for , what is ? AII right , turn her up and tighten the lines ! She 's hemorrhaging ! Ma 'am : You don 't have to call me " ma 'am : " You know that : This is Mr : Ames : You know why he 's here : Oh , I do now : The race is less than a week away : I have great confidence in you : well , then , I 'II leave you two to get acquainted : Jensen Garner Ames : Moved to the States at 24 years old : Named after a car , the Jensen Interceptor : A three-time local speedway champion : You 've done your homework : Or do you just know everything ? Jensen Interceptor : I had one : handled like a school bus : call me Coach : Everyone does : Gunner : Lists : This is Frank : I 'II show you around : LISTS : We have a fully functioning auto shop , just like you 'd find in the outside world : Each team has their own shop : We don 't help them : They don 't help us : To the inmates , you 're Jensen Ames , the new grease monkey : LISTS : Nobody will know you 're Frank except us on the team and a handful of the guards : Nobody will talk : How can you be so sure ? Hennessey : In here , she is judge , jury and executioner : The race is her baby : Anyone who threatens it , she kills : The audience for the race has halved since Frank 's been out of the game , and so has the corporation 's profit : That 's why she needs you : What 's back there ? That 's a good question : Hennessey 's had a whole wing of the prison in isolation for a month : Working on something : Time to meet the Monster : Mustang V8 Fastback : Took the best and made it better : That 's a V8 Roush 5 : 4 liter with a Ford Racing supercharger putting out 850 horsepower and close to : Seven hundred pounds of torque with sequential muIti-port fuel injection : Looks like there 's a 250 hp NOS unit : Just in case : Then we had some fun customizing your personal protection package : Three-quarter inch steel plate , front and sides : bulletproof glass will be here , here and there : And in the rear , a six-inch solid steel shield we call " the tombstone : " oil , smoke , and napalm for defense : And twin 30-miIIimeter beIt-fed machine guns for offense : So where 's the ammo ? We get that on race day : Pity : Yeah : Everyone thinks that , first time : Thinks what ? About turning the guns on the guards , about escaping : No , I wasn 't thinking that : well , I 'm glad , because Hennessey has got electric kill switches in all the guns in all the cars : And all the guard towers are fortified , and their guns are bigger than your guns : But did I mention the helicopters , and also the fact that we 're on an island here a mile from the nearest shoreline ? The only way in or out of here is on that one skinny bridge you came in on : What 's that ? Most important part of the car : How many people has Frank killed ? Twenty : The mortality rate is average 62 : 2 % per race : So Frank beat the odds four times : Yeah : till they beat him : COACH : The race takes place in three stages over three days : The first two stages , you just got to try and get rid of as much of the competition as you can while getting your own skinny ass over the line alive : Third stage is where speed counts : First one over that line wins : Tomorrow morning , you meet your navigator , Case : She 'II help you navigate the course , reload your weapons and help with the running of the car : I 'd Iike to talk to her ahead of time , before the race : Yeah : I 'd Iike a big-tittie girl to lick peanut butter off my toes : That ain 't gonna happen : It 's still a prison , man : She 's a chick : They get bussed in from the women 's facility upstate : It 's all about ratings , fast cars , pretty women : Yeah , Machine Gun Joe is the only one that has a male navigators : 'Cause he 's gay : actually , it 's ' cause he goes through them so fast , the audience gets squeamish : Yeah , he goes through them : Through their ass : He cuts each kill into his skin as a souvenir , right here : What about the rest of the drivers ? Lists ? LISTS : 1 4K : First generation Chinese-American , 10th generation Triad : And his father sent him to business school : He 's the only man in here who holds a degree from MIT : He 's killed four men off the track : GUNNER : That we know of : Another seven on it : LISTS : Hector Grimm , The Grimm Reaper : The man 's a master : clinical psychopath : believes that Hennessey is an avatar of the Hindu goddess of death , kali , and that he is her messenger : Cuckoo : LISTS : Three time consecutive life sentences : He 's killed six men off the track , another 1 2 on it : You 've already met the local chapter of the Brotherhood : Their driver , Pachenko , has killed nine men on the track : Nobody knows how many off : Travis colt , our local superstar : Used to race for NASCAR : Yeah , he was good , too : until he fell asleep behind the wheel of his Mercedes with the help of a bottle of scotch and a handful of Iudes : Wiped out the entire patio of La scala : Sent a dozen people to the hospital : God damn it ! It killed three of them : technically the best driver in here , but a mean son of a bitch within : MACHINE GUN JOE : Ladies : I hear your man Frank is still in the infirmary with 15 unheaIed fractures : I also hear he 's not gonna make the race : You hear a Iot : Who 's the new fish ? Grease monkey : well , well : Monkey : I got a new name for you : Igor : 'Cause you about the ugliest motherfucker in this prison , yo : ( MACHINE GUN JOE CHUCKLING ) Funny , huh ? You tell Frank when you see him : This race is between me and him : This time won 't be no infirmary : It 'II be the morgue : I 'II be sure to pass it on : Let 's get out of here , man : Man , that is one angry homo : Who are they ? Work detail : Get to work on the track for good behavior : Those are GPS tracking bracelets : In case somebody decides to go for a swim : ( PANTING ) HENNESSEY : The ring : This was the old Frank 's : It kind of melted to his hand : ALL : ( CHANTING ) Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! assholes : He 's all yours : Don 't talk to the other drivers : Frank never did : Part of the mystique : Let the mask do the work : Here comes trouble : ( ALL WHOOPING ) ( MEN WHISTLING ) There 's our girl : I 'm Case : Frank : Funny , you don 't sound like Frank : Don 't sweat it : I know : I drove with Frank : I 'II watch your back : Better than you watched his , I hope : ( KNOCKING AT DOOR ) still here : well , I guess I got to work a little harder : Get back to your car , prisoner : You sure know how to make friends : Case : This is mirrored glass : No one can see in , so you might want to take the mask off : unless you Iike it under there : How the hell did he drive in that thing ? What ? You 're better looking than the Iast Frank : A few crashes should change that : Start the transmission : MAN : Three , two , one : And we 're live worldwide : ANNOUNCER : welcome to Death Race : terminal island Penitentiary hosts three days of the ultimate in auto carnage : Stage 1 of the race begins streaming live in 10 minutes : Subscribe to Stage 1 now for $ 99 , or subscribe to all three stages for the Iow price of $ 250 : Access to over 100 live camera feeds : Watch from the car of your favorite driver : See the action your way , uncensored and unedited : A fuII-on fight to the death , featuring four-time winner Frankenstein : Three-time winner Machine Gun Joe : Pachenko : Travis colt : Audience favorite Frankenstein resumes his bitter grudge match with Machine Gun Joe : Frankenstein returns to the track after a six-month absence : HENNESSEY : They 've missed him : He 's the man that just won 't die : twelve million hits on his angle alone : He hasn 't even started the engine : We 'II do 45 million viewers today : So , what are you in for ? They say I killed a cop : Did you do it ? Yeah : Bad cop ? Good cop : Lousy husband : Frank , Case , you read me ? JENSEN : We hear you : CO ACH : This is a three-Iap race : Hennessey doesn 't activate the weapons till lap two : Now remember , it 's first come , first served , so it pays to be out in front : This is it : Countdown : ( ENGINES REVVING ) You 're sure he can deliver ? Jog left to 100 feet : 50 , 20 : Now ! Punch it ! Hard left up ahead : He seems to be handling himself : Wakey-wakey ! We 're being passed : We 've gotta catch up ! Man , I know what I 'm doing ! Hey , just leave that motherfucker : Shut up , man ! I know what the hell I 'm doing : What you gonna do ? You can 't go head-to-head with Joe like this : He 'II tear you apart : You read me ? Listen to him , before you get us both killed : Case , help him out of there ! There 's a shortcut to the Ieft : There ! He 's taking the shortcut ! You don 't think I see that ? Activate swords and shields : The swords arm the main guns : shields trigger the napalm , oil and smoke : I know : I 've seen this race before : You think you know : It takes the weight of the entire car : You have to make contact with all four tires simultaneously : Anything else I 'm missing ? Don 't get me started : Activate death heads : Death heads activated : feel it , baby ! ( LAUGHS ) ( GROANING ) Score another one for the Reaper , baby : Thank you : Don 't mention it : Come on : AII clear : Fuck you , puto ! Fuck you ! We got guns : Look out : oil : ( WHOOPS ) Damn ! Your mother 's a puta , motherfucker ! What the fuck ? ( ENGINE SPUTTERING ) We got to get back in the race : ( SPEAKS CANTONESE ) ( GRIMM GROANING ) I 'm the fucking Reaper , baby : Can 't kill me : You can burn me : You can fucking shoot me , but you just can 't motherfucking kill me ! Get that off my window when we get back : We 're streaming to 46 million viewers , ma 'am : Offensive weapons are up : It 's on : Fuck : It 's jammed : Cover me : Jesus Christ ! hold tight , Case ! ( TIRES SCREECHING ) I 'm back : Thank you : My pleasure : shield up ahead ! That son of a bitch ! LISTS : He just stole a shield from colt ! Defense weapons are on : Let him have it : The napalm won 't fire ! Smoke : No smoke ? No oil ? No napalm ? Again ? ( LAUGHING ) ( LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY ) Fuck , man : Remember me , motherfucker ? Coach ! The tombstone won 't take much more of this : CO ACH : Frank , Case , those 50 caliber shells will be through the tombstone in a matter of seconds : My advice , either lose him or kill him : ( LAUGHING ) Unhook the napalm : Get on my lap : What ? Get on my lap : What the hell ? Merry Christmas , asshole ! Oh , shit ! ( SCREAMING ) Nice work : ( CRASHES ) Where 's he going ? A shortcut : Punch it : We can beat him : Look out ! ( LAUGHING ) ANNOUNCER : Grimm , colt and Siad are gone : Six remaining drivers alive : Subscribe to Stage 2 now ! COACH : We have 1 4 hours , gentlemen , so let 's get to work : Starting with this : So what happened out there , Case ? He got distracted : He got distracted ? Coach ! What ? Look at this : The oil sprayers work fine : well , I 'II be damned : Stop : ULRICH : Last place : It 's too bad : Look on the bright side : Everyone loves a comeback : What can I do for you , Mr : Ames ? You sure are lucky a driver like me just happened to turn up in your prison when I did : Oh , I 'm more than lucky : I 'm blessed : Sometimes it 's like the right hand of God is sitting on my shoulder : I 'm not racing tomorrow : Go fuck yourself : Wait : Take his shackles off : please excuse us , Mr : UIrich : And take Mr : James with you : Do you recognize these people ? Because your daughter will : They 're her new parents : What 's her name ? Piper : That 's the man she 'II grow up calling Daddy : unless you do something about it : Where is she now ? Oh , I 'm sure I have her address around here somewhere : You 're a smart man , Mr : Ames : play my game , we both go home happy : The man who killed my wife is in this prison : I wonder what he 'II say when I ask him why he did it : Why don 't you look in a mirror ? Ask him : Poor Piper : It must be hard growing up with that knowledge : That your father killed your mother : You wanted a monster : well , you 've got one : COACH : She has your eyes : Her mother 's : So why don 't you wear a number , Coach ? Because I 'm not a prisoner : I qualified for parole three years ago : Got as far as the gate : They got a name for it , something-or-other syndrome : The simple fact is , the world 's changed since I 've been in here : Don 't know it : Don 't much want to : But this ? This I know : - What did they send you away for ? - Oh , plenty : And nothing : To what do we owe the pleasure of your company ? I killed my wife : bullshit : You 're a hard man , but you ain 't no wife killer : How do you know ? I 've met my share : But you , the way you looked at her : You couldn 't do that if you 'd killed her mother : So : I say bullshit : Coach : What would you say if I told you Hennessey had my wife killed and me framed for it so she could bring me in here to be her Frankenstein ? What would you say to that bullshit ? Her name was Suzy : I was always headed here : always knew : She didn 't : She was my chance at something else : And that bitch took her away from me : " : that thy days may be long upon the land " which the Lord thy : Giveth thee : " Thou shalt not : " kill : " You should take a break : Get some sleep : I 'm okay , Lists : Concentration for the race : Concentration , that 's what you need : Gotta get your rest : Maybe you 're right : I will take that break after all : GUNNER : Good call : Guy can 't grind for shit : ( GRUNTING ) Move ! Looking for me ? hold him : You killed my wife : well , now , maybe I did : I don 't care if the queen bitch wants to save you for the track : Nobody disrespects the Brotherhood and lives : Put him down : I 'm going to take your head : ( GRUNTS ) ( LISTS GROANS ) ( SCREAMS IN PAIN ) What the fuck ! ( YELLING ) ( SHOUTS ) Hennessey made me do it : UIrich : UIrich too : Let me go , man : I 'II do anything : You 're going to die here : Fuck you ! Now , now , boys : Let 's save that for the track , huh ? Coach ! Take a look at this : GUNNER : What the hell were they building in here ? COACH : We 'II find out soon enough : ULRICH : Prisoner ! It 's time to get ready : ANNOUNCER : welcome to the next installment of Death Race : Stage 2 begins : Grimm , colt and Siad are gone : Six remaining drivers alive : 14K : Pachenko : Riggins : Carson : Three-time winner Machine Gun Joe : And starting from the back of the grid , his archrival , Frankenstein : This could be the Iast time we see Frankenstein race : Just one more victory and he wins his freedom : If Joe doesn 't kill him first : Over 50 million viewers have already subscribed : Don 't miss this epic battle : Subscribe to Stage 2 , now : ( ENGINES REVVING ) Pay attention ! Where is he ? What are you doing ? What 's he doing ? He 's dropping back : He 's not even trying to race : We 're gonna have a little talk : We 're gonna be done by the time we leave the tunnel : Did you kill the old Frank ? What ? tunnel comes up fast : Remember what happened to the napalm canister ? Be a real shame for that to happen to you : Did you kill the old Frank ? I sabotaged his rear weapons : Why ? Hennessey : She said she 'd sign my release papers : It 's my Iife back : I 'd have killed him , too : I didn 't kill him ! He wouldn 't quit : I just wanted to make sure he didn 't win : Why would Hennessey want that ? To keep Frank here , racing : And yesterday ? She wanted me to set you back : So I 'm not supposed to win , either : Just make it exciting : That 's all I wanted to know : That 's all I wanted to know : hold tight : Come on ! Just come on through ! Damn ! He 's going after Pachenko : Sword and shield ahead : Take defense : No : There 's someone I need to kill : You 're out in front : Who are you going to shoot at ? You 're a dead man ! ( LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY ) I told you to take defense ! He 's too heavily armored ! Fuck ! Hit the smoke : ( SCREAMING ) ( TIRES SCREECHING ) This is a race : You don 't go backwards : And you don 't get out of the car : It was Hennessey : Hennessey : I know : She 's next : I got it : Frank 's out of his car : What ? He stepped out of his car : Okay : I see him : I need guns : Yes : Sword coming up in 50 yards : What happened ? I don 't know : Somebody must have grabbed it : What do you mean , somebody grabbed it ? Look , man : I thought it was lit : What do you mean , you thought ? Man , get the fuck out of my car : What ? I said , get the fuck out of my car ! Oh , hell , no ! Come on , man : Listen , we got : Wait ! Wait ! Wait ! Wait ! Wait ! It ain 't my turn ! It 's not what I do : Get in there : Don 't let me down , boy : release the Dreadnought : Coach ? Oh : well , I guess we know what she was building now : Activate weapons : Jesus Christ ! Coach , any ideas ? You just have to tough it out , I guess : Hennessey will take it off after she 's pumped up the ratings : You sure about that ? Where the hell is that thing going ? ( SPEAKS CANTONESE ) ( WOMAN SCREAMING ) Fuck me : JENSEN : Lists : Receiving : I want you to patch me through to another car : On it : JENSEN : Joe ? Who is this ? It 's Frank : What do you want ? How about we play a little offense ? I hope you know what you 're doing : ( WHOOPS ) ( ALL CHEERING ) Now that 's entertainment ! Damn it ! ( ALL CHEERING ) ALL : Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Nice reflexes there , Igor : Race car reflexes : You look lost , pal : Not this time : I got this feeling that you and Frank are close : real close : That weird accent : You even kind of sound alike : I was wondering , what if you got in a accident ? would that throw Frank off his game a little bit ? I doubt it , sick , fucked-up guy that he is : He might just want to kill you : That 's cool : So I guess I 'II see him later : Right ? Let 's roll : Ma 'am , with all respect , what are we going to do ? We 're going to kill him , of course : You want me to kill Frankenstein ? Don 't be stupid : Frankenstein can 't die : After all , he 's just a mask : HENNESSEY : Tonight is the final leg of the Death Race , and perhaps a new champion will arise : A five times winner : The first man ever to gain his freedom : The world gave you to me because you were not fit to be a part of it : You were not fit to be husbands , you were not fit to be fathers , and were too dangerous to live with the rest of us : What is this shit , man ? But when you race tonight , know that the eyes of the world are upon you : And know that the very same world which rejected you now lives and breathes with you : And it draws inspiration from your courage : No one is ever gonna win five races : HENNESSEY : So race well : Nobody is ever getting out of here : : and know that I consider you all my heroes : I want to show you something : GRIMM : Can 't kill me : Can 't kill me : I 'm the fucking Reaper : You can burn me : You can shoot me : But you can 't motherfucking : There : Gunner , Lists : will Hennessey 's inspectors care if we had a half gallon reserve tank ? Another half gallon ? You got a fuel tank that holds 35 gallons : What the hell you want another half gallon for ? Coach ? Let 's give the man what he wants : Hey , where are you going ? Oh , this is not good : real brave , coming over here : I 'm going to win this race , ' cause I want out of this shithole : I 've already won three races : Two more , and I 'm smoking Cohibas in Miami : Frank might want to think about that : 'Cause I 'm gone : Out of here : Then maybe it 's his turn : Maybe he 's thinking it 's the other way around : From here on out , you stay the fuck out of my pit : Hey : Thinking you and Frank should have a little talk : ANNOUNCER : welcome to the final installment of Death Race : Seven men dead : Siad , Grimm , colt , Pachenko , Carson , Riggins and 14K are all dead : Just Frankenstein and Machine Gun Joe survive : Frank , racing for his freedom : Joe , doing anything to stop him : It 's mano y mano , and there will be no mercy : Tonight , only one man will walk off this track alive : A record 70 million are already watching : Join them : Subscribe to the final stage now : It 's an honor to navigate for you , sir : They call me : Save it : We won 't have time to get acquainted : GUNNER : What the hell are those ? LISTS : model 7 Russian states armory RPG 's : Armor-piercing , seIf-arming , accurate to 1,000 yards : That 's what I thought : Prisoner , step back : I thought maybe you could use a little inspiration : Your release papers : They 're already signed : AII you have to do is walk off that track alive : well , and win , of course : But if you do win , I want you to think about staying here : As Frankenstein : With me : Yeah : I can see the appeal : What would you do with your freedom ? Go back to your daughter ? That 's the idea : The thing is , are you really the best future she could possibly have ? Are you really daddy material ? Or deep down , are you something else ? If you decided that out there on that track is where you belong , it wouId be the most unselfish act of love I 've ever seen : Just something to think about : What 's this ? small modification : So Hennessey tells me if you 're going to win , I 'm supposed to stop you : Oh , yeah ? Yeah : Sounds like the odds are stacked against us : Then do what you do best : Drive : gentlemen , this should be interesting : ( ENGINE REVVING ) Lit sword up ahead : Deactivate that : Sir ? Just do it : Switch it back on : Weapons are up ! Damn it ! Shit : Lit shield up ahead ! Damn it ! What happened ? Hennessey must have deactivated it : Bitch ! Light me up : It 's party time : Coach , we gotta get the firepower : Nothing lit for a half lap : We won 't last that long ! Drop the tombstone : What ? Do it ! On my mark : Three , two , one ! Mark : Damn it ! ( SCOFFS ) That shit don 't work twice , playboy ! Shit : Lit shield in quarter lap : Do you hear that ? Lit shield in the quarter lap : He 's coming up fast : Let them get the shield : Keep the viewers interested : Son of a bitch ! He got the shield ! Arm the explosive : Just in case : Yo , Frankenfreak : This villager 's got a pitchfork , and it 's headed straight up your ass : What just happened ? ( ALL CHEERING ) LISTS : Yeah ! Yeah , Frank ! They 're off the track : They 're escaping : They 're headed for the bridge : Their weapons : Hit the kill switches : Seventy million viewers , ma 'am : They 're all watching : Shut the webcast down : Shut it down ! Shut the fucking computers down now ! Get out ! Get out ! Get out ! Now ! Get out ! Get out ! Get out ! Get out ! Yo , Frankenstein : It 's good we had that little talk : We gave that bitch a good show , huh ? Give me that ! Okay , cocksucker , fuck with me , and we 'II see who shits on the sidewalk : Somebody 's mad right now : Nobody fucks with my car : Son of a bitch ! Get the choppers in the air ! Come on : Off the ground : Go , go , go ! ( SIRENS WAILING ) So what 's your real name ? I don 't have the time for small talk : Just want to know who I 'm riding with : Jensen Ames : Like : Like the car : Like the car : well , Jensen Ames , I hope you got a plan , 'cause it 's not Iike we 're going to get very far : You 're right : We won 't : Now would be a good time : Very nice modification : CO ACH : That extra half gallon reserve tank should see you through to the finish : Bon voyage , Frank : Choppers have a visual , ma 'am : Good luck , Joe : Get me a pilot : I need to talk to a pilot right now : Okay : You 're on : Stay with Frankenstein ! Don 't lose him : Sure you 're up for this ? I 'm sure : I owe it to Frank : Besides , Hennessey already gave me my release papers : They have to let me out : They 've stopped him , ma 'am : GUARD : Keep your hands where we can see them : You are under arrest ! I repeat , keep your hands where we can see them ! You are under arrest ! Hey , Igor : Merry Christmas : Come on : Let 's get out of here : Nice : The fact you have duds like these might make someone question your : My taste ? Yeah : So to speak : I don 't know about you , but I 'm headed to Miami : Miami 's good : I 'II meet you down there : Once I got my baby girl : It 's a shame I didn 't get to take care of that bitch Hennessey : Yeah : That is a shame : Frankenstein has been retrieved : And , ma 'am , ratings are off the charts : Gifts and congratulations are already coming in : You win again : Mr : UIrich , I always win : Damn : I Iove this game : MACHINE GUN JOE : So we had to fix this car ? How many times we gonna keep doing this , man ? This car is not gonna start : ( GROANS ) Damn it ! You say you want me to live the life of an honest man , huh ? Yep : You better get used to it : Hey , Igor : Think we got a little company : What took you so long ? Had trouble getting my release papers approved : Wait here : There 's someone I want you to meet : Look at her : She has beautiful eyes : They 're her mother 's : MACHINE GUN JOE : Where 'd you get the rims ? I won it : Card game : JENSEN : Yeah , right : No , really : How many horsepower 's in this engine ? Five hundred : You sure about that ? JENSEN : Someone once asked me , did I think I was the best future for my little girl ? Something I 've thought about for a Iong time : This is what I decided : No one in this world is perfect : Heaven knows I 'm not : But I Iove her more than anyone else possibly could : In the end , that 's all that matters : She 's my chance at something else : Something better : And there 's no way I 'm letting go of that : HENNESSEY : Okay , cocksucker , fuck with me , and we 'II see who shits on the sidewalk :
