 Tokyo Police Special Riot Squad Osamu Mifune Squad Leader Serial killer Yoshiki Takahashi Murdered 15 kindergarten children Serial killer Yoshiki Takahashi Dead For a better society Tokyo Police Corporation Tokyo Police Corporation Privatizing the police will lead to more plentiful lives for us . Privatizing the police will lead to more plentiful lives for us . For a better society Tokyo Police Corporation Tokyo Police Corporation The Shouwa seesaw . It 's a sad conclusion . If you close your eyes the flower hangs and sways . The night butterfly . Palm of the white hand on your chest . If we decorate it gently ... Shinjuku Central Park America Yokocho Stop the Hara-kiri Heaven 's Punishment Cute Doesn 't hurt Blood becomes tasty Wrist Cutter G On sale right now ! The Japanese sword of Kohka . KGE Laboratory Branch Locations Listing Fly to the right . Fly to the left . Fly south . Fly north . Go away ... Go away ... Go away ... I am an able eulogist ... About Megumi 's disappearance no one knows . This is not fiction . Remote Execution Government Information Akino Miyama Ruka Haruka Yoshioka Recorder Akino Miyama Subject name Haruka Yoshioka Recorder Akino Miyama Subject name Haruka Yoshioka Haruka Yoshioka Address Listing For the future of JapanNow recruiting police officers ! Tokyo Police Corporation At the show hut the light comes on . It 's what that child put in . Hanaichimonme . I don 't understand words . I cannot hear you . If you are lonely , you should come eat some tsuruko . If you are lonely , you should come eat some sushiko . A moon with wrinkles cuts through the night . With the dripping device it draws the red down . The hide and seek that child was watching . There is a night that you don 't know . Let 's gather flowers Hanaichimonme . I bare your secret . Did you forget the gold fish 's eyes ? My feelings , do you know them ? Come on , let 's fight with soldiers . In use In use Haruka Yoshioka Address Listing Old lady bit my leg and it 's satisfied . Older brother licked me , so my eye has a sty . Are you really going to do it ? Yeah , I 'm going to do it . That guy made me incomplete . For a better society Tokyo Police Corporation That guy made me into the devil . Before the night ends ... Before I fall to hell ... With a red light bulb dangling . Let 's go out . Let 's go kill . Pomegranate tastes like blood , tastes like sin . We are incomplete lemons . The two of us makes one whole lemon . Yesterday , the bird that I had as a pet died spitting out blood . Its small beak was dyed red , without knowing the sky , it died . Where did my little bird go ? Where did my purity go ? A canary that forgot its song . A canary that lost its virginity . Let 's throw them away to the back mountain . I know about Hirohito , that you are not a virgin . I know . You slept with Masako . You slept with Old Lady Matsuki . You slept with Anesa . I know . What is resistance ? You and I shall never be tied together . The man with a license to kill The man with a license to kill Against privatization ! Mt . Fuji Tokyo Tower On sale right now ! The Japanese sword of Kohka . Welcome home , Master Privatizing the police will lead to more plentiful lives for us . For a better society Tokyo Police Corporation Manic-depressive Prisoner 639 Manic-depressive The Tokyo Police Corporation has taken over the Self-Defense Force . Serial killer Yoshiki Takahashi Murdered 15 kindergarten children Serial killer Yoshiki Takahashi Dead Tokyo Police Corporation
