 Middleman HQ . 6 : 16 PM I 'm not gonna lie to you , some of them are subbing for boyfriends who stand up their dates for three hours . Grayscale dot matrix relationship voodoo ... nice . So , you want a cold pocket ? Oh , for the love of ... You cooked , too ? Hot Pockets are the American empanada . So , can we start the groveling apology part of the evening now ? Tyler , you told me that you loved that I had a job I was good at . And I 'd be a pretty awful girlfriend if I didn 't feel the same way about you , right ? - I brought a bribe . - Fork it over . Wow . It 's a tennis bracelet . A diamond tennis bracelet . You can stay your inner Lacey . The diamonds are lab grown . Completely conflict-free . Thank you , Tyler . I guess I 'll go take a tennis lesson or two . Look , I know , it 's not you . Maybe I wasted too much of my childhood in Panama watching badly-dubbed reruns of Dallas . Well , who didn 't want to know quién le disparó a J.R. ? But seriously , I have always fantasized about being able to buy my lady diamonds . I hope you like it . Seeing as how it 's completely your fault I got it for you . Because I kinda love you , Wendy Watson . Really ? You kinda love me ? That was an unfortunate turn of phrase . I meant to say I love you . Well , in that case , I kinda love you too , Tyler Ford . Just this one call , then the watch and the Bluetooth ... Taking a nap in the freezer . ? Dubbie , it is I , the Middleman . Really ? Calling me on the Middlewatch that only we have ? I was thinking , mirrors . What if he 's creating some sort of massive infinity mirror to reflect , and in doing so , trap all light and mankind inside ? Uh , boss , can you hang on a sec ? Gotta go clean my nose off this bloody grindstone . Oh , poop . Enjoy your date , Dubbie . - Wendy ... - Oh , no . I know that look . I 'm usually the one giving that look . I 'm so sorry . That was Manservant Neville . Apparently there 's a crisis with our One uMaster Per Child Initiative . It involves train routes and an angry Malaysian regional governor . My boss is sending someone to pick me up . This is sucktacular . They 're downtown , right ? At least we have a few minutes to do this . And this . I don 't know about that . But we may have some time to do this . What the hell is that ? Oh , man . Oh , it 's Manservant Neville . Your boss ? You 've got to be kidding me . Tyler , hurry ! We 're landing on the roof . I 'll call you tomorrow . Sync : FRS @ " ¨ Middleman S01 E12 The illegal sublet Wendy shares with another young , photogenic , and self-respecting artist . Oh , my God . Are you crying ? No ... just a little . And what did you say ? I said , " I kinda love you , too . " At least I think I did . Pretty hard to hear over the thunderous din of rotating airfoils . Come on , Dub-Dub . I know last night may have been a different kind of whirlwind of excitement , but these things happen . Really ? How many dates have you had unfold like the second act ofMiss Saigon ? You 're in love ! You should be dancing and singing , with little animated mice running up your hand . Well , what if Fatboy changes him ? He used to be a musician . What if he turns into Tennis Bracelet Guy full time ? What if he starts calling people " Bubby " and has some assistant named Ingrid call and cancel our anniversary plans because he 's detained in Papua , New Guinea with Manservant Neville because he 's been rolling out the uMaster to a forward-thinking cannibal tribe . - Not seeing it . - It could happen . I went through the same thing when you started your job . Ask Noser . And look , you 're still the same old Dub-Dub . I just had to be flexible and manage my expectations . Ew ! What 's that supposed to mean ? It means I 've taken a few eggs out of my Wendy basket . I make back-up plans . Yet , our Wonder Twin powers are still intact . I don 't know . I can 't shake the feeling that I 'm gonna kiss Matt Damon in The Bourne Identitygood night and wake up to Matt Damon inthe Good Shepherd . Didn 't his girlfriend die in The Bourne Supremacy ? Yeah , but he really loved her . And Tyler really loves you . It 's his circumstances that have changed , not who he is . Shoot . - I gotta ... - Go to work . - I get it . - Just circumstances , right ? Our near maniac 's managed to strike again , this time at a manufacturer of merriment . Who steals a beryllium sphere and an oscillation overthruster then hits a toy factory ? Today we 're grief counselors with the United States Police Force . You 're Officer Russell , I 'm officer Van Cleef . Oh . I gotta grab this . Hey . Look , about last night , I ... I 'm just sorry , that 's all . - I called to say I 'm sorry . - Tyler , I get it . You can 't exactly control all the circumstances of your job . Yeah , I know , but I don 't want you to think I 'm turning into Tennis Bracelet Guy . Tennis Bracelet Guy ? ? You know , the guy who throws fancy baubles at his girl to make up for the fact that he 's not even in the relationship . Keep going like we are , pretty soon you 'd run through all the racquet sport-based jewelry . I meant the things I said last night , Wendy . So did I. And , hey , it 's not like I have the world 's least demanding job , either . So , what do you say that you and I set aside a block of Wendy and Tyler time that cannot be touched , like tonight ? And if Manservant Neville calls , I will tell him that he can find himself a new assistant . And what do you say you and I pick up right before I Airwolf 'ed off the roof ? I 'd say tonight sounds ... great . Um ... it 's gonna have to be tomorrow night . - I love you , Wendy Watson . - And I 'm sitting next to my boss . That 's not gonna give me J - Horror nightmares for the rest of my life . Who steals baby eyes ? She was so sweet . Now she 's blind . - They 're all blind . - Mama , Mama . I don 't get it . I work hard . I support a wife , an ex-wife . I have two ingrate kids . I went green before Ed Begley , Jr. made it cool . Why can 't I cut a break ? What about me ? Sir , I realize you 're in a precarious emotional state , Sometimes it helps with grief to talk through the trauma . Now , I understand you found a mirror ? Looks like a river . So , he steals 100,000 toy eyeballs and leaves this . A man , a light bulb and a river . Maybe his plan is to confuse the hell out of us . A plan ? Dubbie , a man , a plan ! Not a river , but a canal . A man , a plan , a canal ... Panama . ? The perfect palindrome . Same phrase forward , same phrase backwards . Who leaves a palindrome ? Typical super-villain horse feathers . Can 't wait to hear this guy 's monologue . " I 'm The Palindrome . Feel my power . Power my feel . Palindrome the am I. " Peter Piping weirdoes . But why the eyes this time ? They don 't seem all that nefarious on their own . Wait a minute . Hey , Sob Story . These eyes , you wouldn 't happen to know if they 're made out of something special , would you ? Like I said , I 'm green . The eyes are polydichloric euthimal . Non-toxic , biodegradable , safe ... Eyes Without a Face ! Polydichloric euthimal ? You fool ! Do you have any idea what you 've done ? What kind of grief counselors are you ? Ida , run the following through OCD . Our villain , shall we call him The Palindrome , has a beryllium sphere , an oscillation overthruster and now a near limitless supply of polydichloric euthimal . Got it . Uh-oh . OCD 's talking and it 's talking crazy . Then it 's as I feared . Throw in a sufficient power source and The Palindrome will have everything to activate ... A Quantum Singularity Machine . Sorry I popped my cork back there , but this is a sack full of eels and coat hangers . The Palindrome has the power to open a mini black hole . Like the kind that eats socks in the dryer ? The kind connecting different worlds and parallel dimensions . My little pony . The Palindrome lifts up the space-time continuum 's petticoats we 'll all be trussed up but good . Ida , jump on the HEYDAR and search for power spikes exceeding 1.012 gigawatts . What is this , my first school play ? I already got an address . Dubbie , it 's the fourth mirror . That 's not even Panama. that 's just a hat . I swear , even if he 's not opening a Quantum Singularity , I 'm still smoking this guy on principle . There he is . House of Pancakes . The Quantum Singularity Machine 's powering up . Can 't we just shoot him ? You smell that ? Ionized polydichloric euthimal gas . We discharge our weapons , the entire place goes Vesuvius . - Right . - All right . I confront him , get him off on the monologue , you go around ... Switch off the machine while he 's distracted ? Dang skippy . Break . So , you thought you 'd get away with it . I get it . You shoot , I die . I shoot , you die . I 'm willing to die , are you ? So , uh , Mr. Palindrome , maybe you 'd like to tell me why you 're doing this ? - No . - Really ? No twisted evil plan you 'd like to get off your chest ? No tale of childhood humiliation you need to share in order to elucidate the path of pure darkness that brought us to this inevitable Manichaean showdown ? Shut up ! It doesn 't make sense . Why set an elaborate clue trail if you have nothing to say when you 're found ? Dubbie , look out ! Where am I ? How long have I been out ? Boss ? Boss ! It 's me . I don 't know if you can hear me , but I got sucked in and I 'm in hot pursuit of Johnny Won 't Monologue . So , if you 're here , now would be a good time to say something . The world is one family . We are all sons and daughters , brothers and sisters . The people united , obedient and loyal to the aims of society that works . I believe in you , my children , and all I ask in return is that you believe in me . As your father , your architect , your first among equals . Remember , Manservant Neville serves you . The world is one family . We are all sons and daughters , brothers and sisters , - Sorry . - united . No cutting . End of the line . - Line ? Line for what ? - For your daily spray of soup , maggot . I don 't want a spray of soup . - Can I have her soup ? - Shut up , worm . Got a fighter , huh ? Where 's your i.d. ? You know the penalty . Your Fatboy i.d. Where is it ? Sound the alarm . We 've got an unidentified ! Shoot to kill ! I believe in you , my children . All I ask in return ... Second level clear . Two-ten status update . I think I heard something . Bravo Team , any visual confirmation on unidentified ? Assemble for the Pledge ! Assemble for the Pledge ! Hey , boss ? I don 't know if you 're getting this , but remember when you said the Singularity might lead to a parallel universe ? Well , it did . I 'm pretty much trapped in Alan Parker 's 1982 theatrical film version of The Wall . One corporation above all men ... Finding a place to hide from the roaming death squads is a top priority . Oh , and also , I want a raise . An evil hallway in an evil parallel universe . 11 : 52 AM Who 's the man ? Noser . Thank god . I said , " Who 's the man ! " Um ... that would be Shaft ? Who understands him ? - Noser , please . - Answer me now ! No one but his woman . Right on . You can go in . An evil loft in an evil parallel universe . Exactly two seconds later . Of course . Why wouldn 't my living room be an exotic dancer lounge ? Hasenpfeffer ? - Excuse me ? - Rabbit stew . Lacey 's secret recipe . Best lunch buffet in town . Joe . Joe 90 , Esquire . Attorney to Fatboy . Yeah , Bubby , I 've got a high security clearance . You don 't know me , do you ? Feisty . Let 's go up to the champagne room , see if we can change that . Wendy Watson ! I always knew someday you 'd come walking back through my door . Lacey ! That 's for my first year in Fatboy darning camp ! - Darning camp ? - Yeah . Storm trooper socks and underwear ? And this is for my second year ! - God , stop , wait . - Cat fight ! - You abandoned me . - No , I would never . Then what do you call it ? Freshman year of art school , Fatboy takes over and turns it into management traing school . That 's horrible . Back-stabbing Look , just calm down . You were supposed to meet me at the protest rally , but you sold me out , Dub-Dub . Took that job over at Fatboy and got me arrested . Now look at me . Noser , throw her out ! Lacey , I swear , that wasn 't me . I haven 't seen your face in five years , Wendy Watson . And I never need to see it again ! Let me go , Noser . I know the way out . Fatboy ! Man , I hate these guys . - Shoot to kill . - Die , pigs ! Fatboy can 't know I was here . They 'll pull my clearance . - Then help me . - An unidentified ? You kidding ? Sayonara , Bubby . There she is . Get her ! Come with me if you want to live . - Medic ! Get a medic ! - Weapon fire . Thanks , man . I flashed all the way to myquincea era before you swooped in . I heard an unidentified was in danger in Theta Sector and ... Pip ! You know me ? Forgive me . I take great care to know all my parishioners . Wait . You 're ... You 're telling me that you 're Father Pip ? A man of the cloth ? Celibate ? I can get you out of the city , my child . Safe from Fatboy . Of course , there are risks . We both might not make it . You 're telling me that you , Pip , a priest , are willing to risk your life for me ? We 're all children of the Lord . I 'm in the mirror universe . I 'm sorry ? The mirror universe ? The parallel universe , where everyone who 's good is evil and evil is good . It 's like that episode ofStar Trek where Spock had a goatee and Chekhov tried to ... Star Trek ? You mean the sci-fi series from the ' 60s starring the great George Takei ? It is an evil universe . Look , I need you to take me to see someone . There 's a man in my world , someone so good , someone so " aw shucks " wholesome that I just gotta believe he 's still the same man here . 'Cause if he 's not I might as well just take the fetal position and pop in a thumb . Where can I find this balm in Gilead ? The regular universe.Middleman HQ . 12 : 21 PM How many times are you gonna watch that real-time situation recording archive ? As many as it takes to understand what happened while I was knocked out and where Wendy went . Where are you ? What 's with your suit ? Where 's your beard ? The Palindrome goes into the Singularity wearing a black suit and a goatee . And he exits the Singularity in a light colored suit , sansfacial hair . Well , either he shaved and changed , of that 's The Palindrome from a parallel universe . Wherever that man is , he has a Quantum Singularity Machine . If anyone knows where Wendy is , it 's he . Come puppet blood , monkey fudge or terracotta , I 'm getting her back . Hey , state your business . And make it snappy . I 'm working on my tan lines . Ida ? You 're Ida . Congratulations . That 's officially the least intelligent thing I 've heard all day . Oh , yeah . You 're her , all right . OK , well , this is not gonna make a lot of sense , but I went through this Quantum Singularity ... You know , something just occurred to me . What 's that ? I don 't give a baboon 's butt about your complicated back story . Here 's how it works . If you got the cash , we 've got the action . Save the rest of it for your shrink . What ? Did your brain separate from your body in the Singularity ? Get a move on ! Hey . I found this one crying in the lobby . I 'll be over here exalting in the fact I can 't get cancer . Shut it before I throw a hook in it . They 're real and they 're spectacular . Nice bike . Hello ? Earth to man in chaps . It 's not a bike . It 's the Middlehog . - Oh . - Let me guess . You 're a Middleman-in-training from a parallel universe . You were chasing an A-number one nut job when he opened up a Quantum Singularity to this world , inadvertently pulling you through with him . Now little Dorothy just wants to get back home . How 'd you guess ? Classic gun strapped to that pretty leg of yours . Gives you away immediately as a Middle-trainee . I meant the Quantum Singularity part . The HEYDAR chimed that there was a rip in space time near the soup lines . And you didn 't investigate ? It 's none of my business . - It is now . - Sorry . Mirror sidekick or not , I 'm just The Middleman . I don 't lift a finger till you give me my chubbies . Excuse me ? Chubbies . Oinkers . Piggies . - Cash , money . - Oh . Money , I have . right ! Guess your world 's ain 't down with the sickness . Meet Mr. Chubby . Ever since Fatboy won the Battle of D.C. , these little pink freaks have served as official currency . So , unless you got something else to sell , Ida shows you the door . How can you call yourself The Middleman ? Charging people who need help ? You make me want to puke . Puke all you want , sidecar . This is the United States of Fatboy , baby . Love it or hate it , everyone sings for their supper . You can 't pay , you 're out of luck . Wow . Vanity really does cheapen the soul and weaken the mind . Does this feed the greed ? Nicely . Ida , fire up the HEYDAR . Middlechick just bought herself a partner . I have an idea on the man in the real-time situation recording archive . His name is Ivan Avi . His home address : 1997 Plissken Circle . I hacked Fatboy Surveillance and found an ID of the man who left that power plant with the Quantum Singularity Machine . His name is Ivan Avi . His home address is 1997 Plissken Circle . Let 's get to it . Sir , you may want to freeze . Grab ankle , .You 'll never make me go back to that horrible place ! - Put down the machine . - Please , I just want my partner back . - Ah , - Oh , phooey . I 'm never going back again , never . Not on my life ! All I 'm interested in is your Quantum Singularity Machine . If I wanted to build another , could it be done ? I just want your Quantum Singularity Machine . Can I build one , or what ? Sure , if you could get your hands on a medical-grade sphere of beryllium and a one-of-a-kind oscillation overthruster . Maniacal laughter . Didn 't see that one coming . I 'm a patient man , Mr. Avi , if that 's your name . But this old fishing line 's reached its breaking strain . My partner 's trapped on the other side of that Quantum Singularity and you 're going to tell me how to get her . Hold on . Did you say someone 's trapped in my world ? But that 's horrible . I mean it . It was supposed to be a one-for-one Ivan exchange . Exchange . Jimmy crack corn . See , our plan was sheer elegance in its simplicity . Save it . Just help me understand . I was born an orphan in a world much like this , only as if reflected through a dark mirror . That 's why The Palindrome left those mirrors . Oh no , that was my idea . I always wanted to be an artist . But I was born into an evil world , skies choked with ammonia , seas full of benzene , baby farms , random suffocations , bears . - Oh . - All of it run by Fatboy Industries . Even as a boy , I knew I didn 't belong . And then I turned 13 . During a freak limbo accident at my Bar Mitzvah party , I severed my pineal gland . That 's when I began having psychic visions of a parallel world , with antitrust laws , lead-free toys , non-aerosolized soup . I soon realized I was seeing through the eyes of my mirror-self , a wicked boy equally trapped in your world who also lost his pineal gland in a freak accident . And I can see which one of you got the monologue gene . Over time we learned to communicate . Pooling our talents , we each built a Quantum Singularity Machine so we might switch places . That 's all . I never meant to involve your friend . Your Quantum Singularity Machine . If it can 't be rebuilt , can its effects at least be replicated ? Well , my mirror-universe self and I designed it to simulate the effect of firing a phased polaron cannon at a black hole in outer space from both universes simultaneously . Theoretically , if you and your partner were to stand in the same place , at the same time , and fire a phased polaron cannon at the exact same point in the sky ... Sounds like we have a plan . But no , no , it won 't work . Nobody , and I mean nobody , has a phased polaron cannon . I do . In my weapons archive . But that 's impossible . Niels Bohr died while building it ... In 1962 . Ah , Bohr , he 's anything but . You should see the Christmas card he sent me last year . What a gas . Ida , I need coordinates for the nearest black hole in our corner of the night sky . If your universe truly mirrors mine , my counterpart should also have a phased polaron cannon . Is there any way to get a message to my partner , Wendy , through your twin ? Of course , we 're psychically linked . Good . He 's in this room . He 's in this room right now with your partner . He 's in pain . - That was me asking nicely . - OK . That 's enough . Stop it . Last time I tried that move on Sensei Ping he plucked out my eye . HolyKill Bill : Volume 2 . Sensei Ping put out your eye ? Why ? Maybe because he 's a psychotic . - ' Course he got his at the dread pyramid of ... - Itzilichlitlichlitzl ? - You didn 't save him ? - Save him ? I 'm the one who dropped the dime with the Luchadores . You 're sick . I have a message for Dubbie . That 's what my boss calls me . What is it ? He says , " Dubbie , fire the phase polaron cannon at coordinates ascension 16 hours , 3 minutes , 32 seconds , declination 9.483 degrees from the geographical center of the city at precisely 9 : 29pm tonight . Can you tell my boss I 'm OK ? Oh , wait . There 's more . Come closer . OK . Now you 're gonna let me go or the girl dies . Ivan , Ivan , did Wendy get the message ? I don 't know . But my brother , he ... He 's dead . Did you lose a chunk of brain with that eye ? It had to be done , sweetheart . You straight up murdered the one guy who could communicate with my world . Same guy who had a gun to your throat . I could have handled it . I was trained by Sensei Ping , same as you ! Look , if I have cause to squeeze a trigger , I 'm not gonna pull my punch . This isn 't your world , Bubbles . I don 't step out my door each morning into a field of lilacs and candy canes . Yeah , yeah , yeah , I get it . This is New Jack City . Might makes right . Blah , blah , blah . Well , look what it 's gotten you . Leather pants and a fake-bake robot . Hey , I 'd use the sun if I could see it . Just get me the phased polaron cannon and I 'm gone . Trust me , I would , just to be rid of your yap . But I sold it to Fatboy Industries three years ago to pay the rent on this grease pit . Well , if you didn 't have a problem selling it to the enemy , you 're not gonna have a problem helping me steal it back . Why don 't I save us the trouble and just pull this pin , huh ? Whoa , cowboy . Her idea , not mine . My advice ? Fatboy bombed out Delta Sector last week . Real estate should be mighty cheap . - You think I 'm gonna stay here ? - Over suicide ? - I have people counting on me . - How can you hope your gambit 's gonna work ? I get to hope because I fight for it . Bet that sounded real pretty in your head . How can a man like you live in the same skin and have the same brain as my boss ? He wasn 't always like this . He used to be a real Middleman . But then he died . Who ? Chief . I 'm surrounded by Fatboy agents . Tyler was the Middleboy ? Why 'd you leave ? Chief ? Please . No ! Never found the trigger man . The only clue was that red anodized ray gun . But if that phased polaron cannon 's anywhere , it 's in Manservant Neville 's private control room at Fatboy Command , leaving one question : how are you gonna get it ? I need your help . So , let me get this straight . After five years , two of which I spent learning more about jockey shorts than any woman has ever wanted or intended , you 've come back wanting me to help you break into Fatboy Command ? I know how much you hate them . This could be your chance for revenge . You 've exactly ten seconds to throw your into the street before Noser does it for you ! Well , don 't you want to hear my offer ? - What could you possibly offer ? - Something I know I couldn 't give you before . An apology . I need you to listen . Because every time you look at me I can see how much I hurt you . And I 'm sure I had my reasons . Everyone does . But I can 't think of a single one that justifies you being in that darning camp . And I wish I could take back all the pain that I caused you . All I can do is say I 'm sorry . I wish I 'd been stronger . But I 'm a different person now , and I can 't imagine a universe where I don 't need your friendship . There 's no way we 're breaking in , you know . Fatboy Command 's locked up tighter than a public drinking fountain . Then it 's a good thing you 've got a man on the inside . - Not enough Bunny for one day ? - What 's with the thunderclouds , ladies ? There 's plenty of Joe to go around . And you have photographic evidence . Oh , God . They 're gonna put me in the beard . Beard ? Standard Fatboy employee torture protocol . It always starts with the beard of bees . Just keep it together and you 'll have nothing to worry about . - There any cameras in this place ? - No . Corporate policy . No cameras allowed on Fatboy premises . That girl 's out there without a Fatboy card . She won 't get far if they haven 't got her already . - I don 't care . - You know , she reminds me of someone . - Someone else you didn 't help . - I don 't care . She 's going to storm that fortress alone . This is your chance . You can make good again . Hey , Ida , news flash coming up on the wire . Oh , no . What is it ? I don 't care . Then I quit . Even this obstructed bowel of a planet doesn 't deserve a Middleman like you . This is it . Manservant Neville 's private control room . Sorry . I don 't have a card for this door . There 's just something hinky about that combination . Assault rifle , assault rifle , futuristic metal thing . That must be the phased polaron cannon . OK , good . Let 's split . This place is giving me the Willy Wonkas . Uh , Lace ? Oh , God . - What 's behind me ? - Just stay calm . And don 't turn around . - Man in a bag ! Man in a bag ! - No , no , no . It 's Manservant Neville . Maybe I didn 't read my Fatbible close enough , but isn 't he supposed to be in charge of this place ? Well , nobody ever sees him because he 's so ... Cryogenically frozen ? Wendy , stay away from that thing . Come on , Lace , you really think Mansicle Neville ... It 's you ? I don 't understand . Please , haven 't you done enough to me ? All I want is out of this misery . I tried to return control to the people . But you betrayed me . - I did ? - No . I did . Dub-Dub , why is there another Dub-Dub ? Put down my cannon . You don 't seem surprised to see me . Our HEYDAR picked up the rip in space . - You have a HEYDAR ? - There 's little in this world I don 't have . I know that red ray gun . You killed Tyler ? Oh , right . The hottie . Hm , let me guess . You 're a " good guy " in your world , just like Tyler ? Really scraping the bottom of that sidekick barrel , aren 't you ? What is going on ? Lacey , so typically behind the curve . Allow me to explain . When I was 14 , my father disappeared , under mysterious ... And as of yet unexplained circumstances . Control room combination . - It 's the day Dad disappeared . - So I never forget . Never let go of the feeling of things happening beyond my control . When I saw the tide turn to Fatboy , saw them taking over , I figured , why not be on the side of control for once ? After a year of assisting the great Manservant Neville , I saw what he really wanted . To loosen Fatboy 's grip , give the power back to the people and go green , whatever the hell that means . And so , we went our separate ways . - His was into this cryo-bed . - You secretly rule Fatboy . That explains the no-camera policy . Uh , guys , when I asked what was going on , I meant about you two being twins . She 's me from a parallel universe , you imbecile . And yes , Joe-90 , there are no cameras here . I can 't have anyone seeing me now , can I ? - No , ma 'am . - Thanks for sounding the silent alarm . You killed Joe-90 ! As I was saying , only my private guards know the truth about me . Gentlemen , would you please come up to my control room ? Wait . There 's just one thing you haven 't counted on . I was trained by Sensei Ping . The guards will be here any second . We 're fish in a barrel . Get the phase polaron cannon . But please , let me go ! Help ! I 'm sorry ! Miss Watson ? Settle down , gentlemen , I 've got everything under control . Hey , Dub-Dub , there 's just one thing you haven 't counted on . I can prove my identity . after all our history together . How can you do this ? Kill your best friend and someone who shares your body and mind ? Is this who you are ? You 're right . What am I doing ? I can 't do this . Really ? Psych . Guards , ready . Well , it was worth a shot . I 'm sorry , Lace . - Aim . - At least I got my Dub-Dub back . Sorta . Fire . Eat hot death , . Cover your eyes ! - Who is this guy ? - He 's just The Middleman . He 's kinda hot . Sorry about the Middlehog . ? It 's just a bike . Guess you 're gonna have to storm the gates and take it back ? I 'm not about to make fighting Fatboy my daily bread . First order of business after I send you back is turning this city into a dot in my rear view . I 'm gonna hotwire a car . Well , you gotta do what you gotta do . But , uh , thank you . Don 't do that . - Do what ? - Make me your hero . Good grief , is he always like this ? With the perma-frown ? Lace ... I 'm just glad that the Wendy Watson that I used to know is still alive somewhere . Man , Dub-Dub , you show up , you make them love you , then you 're off into a Quantum Singularity . ? - What a tease . - It 's time . Stay . Fight . You 're The Middleman . If you don 't , who will ? So , I guess you 'll be going ? You know , I like the way you handled yourself back there at Fatboy Command . Have you ever considered the exciting field of temporary employment ? I hate to leave you at your doorstep after your harrowing ordeal . At times like these I wish O2STK had some kind of counseling service . Well , you showed up to get me , that 's all the reassurance I need . You know , Dubbie , when I saw my mirror self through that gateway , a single question ran through my mind . No , you would not look cooler with an eye patch . A man 's got to wonder . But the question was : how far from that other Middleman am I , really ? I have to say , I find it a mite unsettling . Maybe , but it works both ways . And , I know if you , all the yous out there , weren 't you to the core , I would have never made it out alive . So , thanks . No . Thank you , Dubbie . I just hope he steps up . That world really needs its Middleman . That choice is in his hands now . Yeah . We 're talking about a guy who chooses to wear leather chaps . Hello , Lacey . Hi . Don 't you two get any ideas . This here 's no pleasure craft . Fits just like a glove . All right , kiddies , let 's kick some coil-tailed bacon . Yes , Mother , me and Tyler are doing just fine . I promise . The job is going great . My boss ? Well , he 's still into guns , just like Dad . Yeah , I can 't wait to go in tomorrow and see what comes up . Really ? I don 't think I 've heard you say that before . You think I sound happy ? Well , Mother , that might be because all is right with the world .
