 Where are we going , Dad ? Higher ground , Nicky . This flash flood could kill us both . I don 't feel so good . The doctor said to keep taking your chemo pills . Here . Take one of these . Hang on , Nicky . If we get up over the ridge , we 'll be safe . Come on ... Dad ! Dad ! Can 't hardly see anything . Come on ! Come on , baby . Come on ! We 're gonna make it ! We did it , Nicky . No way the floodwater will reach this high . Dad ? If I 'm gonna die ... who 's gonna take care of you ? Come here , buddy . Come here . You 're okay . * * * * Stealing second . Stealing second . Bring it in , nice ! Listen to that crowd go crazy ! Yeah ! Hey , hold on , Nicky . Why don 't you head inside , son ? Okay . Dr. Reeves . Nicky was scheduled for surgery a week ago . Why haven 't you returned our calls ? 'Cause Nicky doesn 't need surgery . He 's fine . Daniel , he has a tumor on his kidney . Without surgery , he is going to die . Where 's your faith , Dr. Reeves ? You know I 'm not going to let you take him . Officer ? Mr. Harris , we have a court order appeal by Child Services . They 're forcing us to act in the best interest of Nicholas Harris . Lave my son alone ! Let go of my son ! He 'll die if we don 't get him to a hospital . Does it look like he 's gonna die to you ? Dad , it 's okay . - Nicky ! - It 's okay . Dr. Reeves ? Do you believe in miracles ? You will . * * * * * * What 's the problem , Dennis ? Veronica , where exactly was this tumor supposed to be ? On the right kidney . It 's on the MRI scan and the ultrasound . Taken when ? Three weeks ago . Well , look at the ultrasound now . I checked the other one , too , just to be safe . This boy 's kidneys are immaculate . Perfectly normal . That 's not possible . I performed the exam myself . The tumor was right there . Well , it 's not there now . People are flocking to what is being called a miracle spring , which suddenly appeared during the heavy storms that hit Lewiston , Montana a little over three weeks ago . Now , this is eight-year-old Nicholas Harris , who was diagnosed with a cancerous tumor on his kidney , but after he started drinking from the mysterious spring , the tumor just disappeared . The boy 's father believes it was a miracle . What the ... - Hood ? - Hey , Rachel , you seen this ? Hood , what are you doing here ? - Nice place . - Hood , it 's Sunday . Rachel , you have to see this . I have to see this ? Miracle boy . Miracle cure for cancer found . Miracle spring . Okay , I saw them . Are you happy ? Hood , it 's Sunday and it 's 6 : 00 A.M. Rachel ... we have to go to Montana right now . No . No , no , no , no . Please , please don 't . I 'm begging you . If this is my weekend free of all things " Hood , " unless this is a dream . Is this a dream ? Actually , you know what , uh , I just realized ... I think I could be able to do this on my own , huh ? Wait . I need an airtight , seamless , indestructible reason to leave my apartment before 7 : 00 A.M.Monday morning . Let 's hear it . Okay . If this causes very sick people to walk away from their medical treatment to drink from this spring , they 're going to die . That 'll do . Turn around . Turn around . How 'd you find my place , anyway ? Oh , the FBI has its resources , Rachel . Anyway , what about Mr. Shoes ? Don 't worry . He 'll wait . So , Hood , what if we get to Montana and realize it really is a miracle ? Oh , take it from me , Rachel . There 's no ... such ... thing . Eleventh Hour Season01 Episode11 * * * * * * * * * * * $ 40 a jar . There you go , sir . Good luck to you . And you can keep the jar . That 's on me . Come on . Who 's next ? And you 've been using the walker for how long ? About ten years . There he is , over there ! Nicky , how much water did it take to cure your cancer ? When did you start drinking from the spring ? No more questions . Please , come on . Hey , Daniel , are you a religious man ? FBI . Clear a path ! Or you 'll be charged with trespassing . - Can you do that ? - Sort of . - Thanks . - You 're welcome . Mr. Harris , we need to talk . Those didn 't look like weekend bags you were loading onto your truck . Planning a trip ? I 'm sorry I ever told anyone about that spring . I just want to get Nicky away from all this . You think what happened here is just going to go away ? If you leave here now , you 're going to be running forever . This needs to be explained . I can help you do that . Now , I want to know about the spring . Tell me . Well , what 's to tell ? I mean , three weeks ago the storm hit real bad . So , we took off until it was safe . Then we found water gushing out the hillside . Who owns this property ? Travis Dobbs and the guy that owns this trailer . So , what , you just filled a bottle with this mysterious untested liquid and gave it to Nicky to drink ? - No . - My dad didn 't do anything . I did . The spring- - it looked so clean and fresh , I wanted to taste it . I had to . Buddy , give us a few minutes . Okay . Look , my son was going to die . And he drank some of that water , and something happened , I ... I don 't know what , but he got better quick . I took it as a sign and I threw away all those pills he was taking . - The chemotherapy pills . - Yeah . Do you mind if I , uh , just do a little investigating into Nicky 's recovery ? What 's there to investigate ? I mean , he 's perfectly healthy . You 've seen him . Even the doctor said so . Yeah , and that 's an incredible thing . But my concern is how Nicky got better will lead to other people getting sicker . Do you know why they call it a miracle ? Because there is no explanation . I owe you , tough stuff . Thank you . That 's okay , Lily . No sweat . Nicky ? Come here , son . Come on . One at a time , folks . There 's plenty of miracle water for everybody . $ 40 a jar . Please have your money ready . Exact change is always appreciated . - There you go , ma 'am . - Oh , bless you . You take care of yourself now . I 'm just curious . Has anyone been down here to prove this empirically ? I mean , like a researcher or scientist-type person to see what , if anything , is actually in this water ? It cures cancer . That 's all I know . That 's all any of these folks need to know . Look , buddy , you 're holding up the line . You want to buy a jar or don 't you ? Oh , yes , please . How much ? $ 40 , please . 40,00 Okay . Thank you . You take care now . So , uh ... this is going to fix all these sick people , huh ? Yeah . Going to cure over 200 types of cancer- - leukemia , brain tumors , breast cancer ? How about insomnia ? I have trouble sleeping . Is it any good for insomnia ? We 'll see , huh ? As far as I know , only one person actually seems to have gotten any better . One person . I 'll tell you what . How about I take this back with me , I test it scientifically , and if I can prove it 's not what you say it is , you can give all these people their money back . Well , let me ask you this . How are you going to test a miracle ? Huh ? Besides , it don 't matter . I own this land and everything on it , so go ahead and test . You 're Travis Dobbs , correct ? Yeah . The same Travis Dobbs who 's on probation for selling alcohol to a minor at the Gas and Sip off of Route 28 ? The hell is this ? FBI . With your criminal record , fraud can get you up to ten years in prison , whether this is your property or not . So arrest me . You 're okay . What 's your name , honey ? Lily . Lily , can you tell me what 's wrong with you ? I have lymphoma . Let 's get her to the hospital . We have got a serious problem here . Most of these people are patients from across the country who should be in bed , not standing in a field for hours on end . Where do you want me to put them ? First the storm flood shut down half the hospital , now this . Okay , put ' em on gurneys , keep them in the hallways . I 'm going to check out maintenance , see if we can get " B " ward up again and running . Whoa , whoa , whoa , careful where you step , Ms. Cole . You know , we still got a few live cables down here . Those puddles could be damn hot . Hurdle , what the hell is taking so long ? Well , the storm really did a number on this place , you know , so , uh , we 're about halfway through replacing the fried circuitry . I need power back up on " B " ward . I need it yesterday . How about a week from yesterday ? How about I fire you and hire someone who will charge half of what you do and get it done twice as fast ? Ma 'am , we 've been working all kinds of hours to get thelace fixed up . I don 't want to lose my job . How about two more days ? You know , we 'll just work around the clock . All right . Without overtime . Sure , no problem . Come on . Let 's get back to work . All staff , please stand by to test power ... Okay . Lily , what happened ? She overdosed on spring water . And you are ? Dr. Jacob Hood . He 's the special science advisor to the FBI . I 'm Agent Rachel Young . Lily , you 've stopped your chemo treatment , haven 't you ? Not you , too . Oh , come on , Dr. Reeves . We both saw what that water did for Nicky . You can 't deny that it cured him . There is no scientific proof of that , which means there is no reason for you to stop your treatment . When did you go off the chemo ? Just over a week ago . I ... I got to know Nicky while we were both being treated here . I trust him ; he wouldn 't lie to me about the water . Nina . Yes , Dr. Reeves . Make sure she has zero water and start her on a hypertonic saline drip . - Okay . - Thank you . Doesn 't really make sense . Coming off the chemo , she should be feeling better , at least temporarily . Any other patients exhibiting symptoms not really typical of their illness ? Yes , several . Um , there 's a woman with rheumatoid arthritis who can 't stop vomiting . There 's a Down syndrome patient who 's got chronic insomnia . I mean , these are symptoms that are completely unlated to their illnesses . But they 're all drinking from the same spring . Am I right ? I have tested that water countless times , and I can tell you there 's no mystery to it . Good or bad , it is just water . Okay . Can I see your results ? Can you wait for me to get off my shift ? Cute dog . I rescued her from the pound . You 're a sweetheart , aren 't you , Bonnie ? Come on . You know , understandably , Helen Cole and the rest of the hospital hierarchy want nothing to do with this miracle , so I brought my research home . Any idea of the source of the water ? We can 't get any access to it because of Dobbs . Property owner ? Yeah Is there any way that you could have the FBI step in and shut him down so we can trace the source ? Well , first we have to get proof of some dangerous element in the water , then we can ... shut him down . Could I see your results , please ? Thank you . You mind if I ... Nicky 's tumor was diagnosed six weeks ago . The storm that caused the spring to emerge was three weeks after that . Nicky started drinking the water immediately . Three weeks later , Nicky 's tumor is gone . Now , still , I tested that water and I can 't find anything in it . I see that you tested for infrared spectroscopy , crystallization ... You 're right . This is normal water . Veronica , can I ask you a question ? Do you think it 's possible this spring water contains some magic property that could wither away a tumor ? I don 't know . That 's not really an answer . Either you believe in miracle water or you don 't . The fact is : an eight-year-old boy had cancer and now he doesn 't . It 's not because of any medical treatment I gave him , so whether you like to believe it or not , that is miraculous . Yeah , well , there 's just this one fact going through my head , and that 's that every year , half a million men , women , children in this country die of cancer , and they all ask for miracles , every last one of them . So what makes this ... little boy special ? No , I believe there 's something ... in this water . I 'm gonna find out what it is . Thank you very much for your time . Excuse me . Rachel . He wasn 't speaking as a scientist , was he ? He always speaks as a scientist , but he did lose someone to cancer a couple years ago . Thanks again . Who the hell are you ? You need to close the spring down . You need to get the hell out of my truck , pal . Wrong answer . Yes . Well , I respectfully disagree . I feel that it is in our jurisdiction t ... Yes , sir . It 's the director . He 's really pissed . Your face has been all over the TV . Hey , Frank . Well , ' cause I 'm worried about the media spreading the kind of superstition that could cost lives . No , I know it 's not an official case , but there 's definitely something going on here . Well , ' cause I 'm looking at a body right now . That 's how I know . Um , you 're breaking up . I can 't ... you 're breaking up . What do we have here , Detective ? Somebody snapped his neck . Death was instantaneous , but we found some blood in his pickup truck . Looks like they wanted his cash . Maybe . So why make the statement ? Why drag his body all the way up here and dump it in the spring ? Thk you , Detective . Well , if you wanted to shut the miracle spring down . But it 's just a crime scene . In 72 hours , it goes back to being open to the hopeful masses . 72 hours would be enough . For what ? Well , if someone is dumping contaminants in this spring , then all this miraculous attention has got to be the last thing they 'd want . 72 hours could be enough time to flush the water clean . We need to find the underground source of this spring right away . I 'll get the Department of the Interior to send out a hydrologist . Good , but even if we can 't get results from the water , maybe we can get it from the cancer . We need to talk . What about ? One of the miracle seekers just died- - a 26-year-old man- - and the others are getting sicker . Was he an oncology patient ? No , it wasn 't cancer . It was sepsis . Blood poisoning ? Hold on . Was he sick before he took the water ? How much spring water did he drink ? A gallon a day for the past week . A gallon a day ? Okay , well , that settles it . It 's definitely a cause . Jacob ! Couldn 't have done this by phone or computer or satellite link ? Well , then , you wouldn 't get to meet Dr. Veronica Reeves . Oh , see , he thinks I 'm buying this crap , but I know his MO . Firsthand observation , hypothesis , experiment , result . It 's all about the cheeseburger and the beer . Hi , nice to meet you . Matthew Kaplan , genius . Matthew is one of the country 's leading cancer researchers . One of . He jests . Big-time . - Is that the specimen ? - Yes . I call him Quasimodo . Nefroblastoma . Stage 3 kidney tumor . It 's the same tumor that Nicky had . It 's just what we 're looking for . Well , let 's hope the little guy is thirsty . Miracle water for the rat coming right up . You 're not gonna see results for at least 24 hours . I 'm gonna get back to my patients . Very nice to meet you , Dr. Kaplan . That 's what they all say . Now , if this soil had a higher salt concentration , I 'd be using a resistivity array to chart the flow of subterranean water by measuring changes in electrical conductivity at progressively deeper subsurface levels . Oh , you would , would you ? Have you tracked the source of the spring ? Ironically , the , uh , rocky soil here actually helps our ground-penetrating radar map subterranean terrain . Soft , silty soil , on the other hand , would , uh , deaden our signals and make undergrnd mapping far more difficult . Oh , my God . What is it ? Hood , you 're not gonna believe what this water runs under . This place was a storage depot until just after the first Gulf War . Storage for what ? Depleted uranium , mostly . What did you say ? Depleted uranium . Uh , the base was decommissioned by the army in 1995 . Post-Cold War downsizing . Yep . Dr. Hood , it 's Veronica Reeves . I just spoke with the coroner who worked on the patient that I lost to sepsis . And ? And there was significant cellular damage to the stomach lining and the intestines , none of which would have shown up on X-rays or MRIs . - It 's classic symptoms of ... - Radiation poisoning . You know what ? I think I just found the source . Will you excuse me a second ? Rachel ... think we 're gonna need a full radiological analysis of this facility now . Yeah . Sergeant . Hello again . Where are you ? I 'm at an armory on Pennington Hill ... where they used it to store depleted uranium routes . I know where that is . I 'm coming right now . Still nothing above background radiation . Have you checked the storm drains , the , uh , ventilation shafts ? All done , and we found nothing . Okay , thank you . Can you check the calibration on your Geiger counter ? You 're operating at maximum sensitivity ? Dr. Hood , we 've checked and rechecked . I 'm sorry , sir . There 's no radiation . If depleted uranium was ever stored here , it was removed a long time ago . Can I see your hydrological map , please ? This doesn 't make any sense at all . She drank the water , but it made her worse . Not better . Hey , it 's not your fault , Nicky . It 's not your fault . This was your miracle , okay ? Come on . No , no , this isn 't fair ! Lily deserves a miracle , too ! I know . I know . It 's okay . Some unknown substance is contaminating the groundwater . Groundwater that 's ... sprung up since that storm . The armory is testing negative for radioactive waste . And there 's no natural radiation . No radioactive ore within 100 miles . But , uh , well , there 's ... there 's something . Something 's here , and I can 't see it . And I 'm not wrong . Everybody 's wrong sometimes , Hood . Yeah , yeah , maybe , Rachel . Not today . Okay , well , we 'll start from the periphery of the water table , and we 'll work our way down the slope . Hood . There 's a possibility that it could be something else causing the contamination , something that mimics the effects of radioactive poisoning . We know that it 's not a miracle . It 's not a miracle ' cause there 's no such thing . Hood ... don 't make this about your wife . It 's not about my wife , Rachel . This is about all the people who will die if I don 't help them . Really ? You said , " What makes this boy so special ? " How come he gets a miracle and no one else does ? " Agent Young . We 'll be right there . Dr. Reeves is dead . Clean swipe of the femoral artery . She knew what she was doing . Must have bled out in a second . And this was in her hand ? Yeah . One clean cut . Suicides ... even with doctors , you usually have hesitation marks . You check her system for drugs ? Already in the wor . Should have results by tomorrow . - Thank you . - Detective , coroner needs you . - Rachel . - Yeah ? I have a really horrible feeling ... Veronica died because she gave a damn . Me , too . Come on . Where ? I want to confirm this really was suicide and not murder . Hey , Quasi . Drinking like a camel , aren 't you ? You like this stuff . I 'll be damned . Hello . Jacob ! I 've never seen anything like it . Quasimodo ... his tumor , it 's gone . It 's disappeared . Look , you got to find out what did this , Jacob . Yeah . This is unbelievable . Okay , thanks . Tell me . That spring water we gave Quasimodo seems to have shrunk his tumor . So , it did cure Nicky . - Look out ! - Geez . You okay ? Yeah , I 'm okay . That raccoon isn 't . I didn 't hit it , did I ? No , raccoons are nocturnal animals . They don 't come out in the day . So , maybe it has rabies . Maybe it has somethinglse . Hey , Bonnie . Hi , girl . How you doing ? How you doing ? You miss your mommy ? No water , no food . If she were gonna kill herself , she would have made arrangements for someone to take care of her dog . It wasn 't a suicide . She was murdered , just like Travis Dobbs . Should I ask ? I 'm making ice cubes . Okay , Bonnie . Pee-pee time . Pee-pee time . Hey , tough stuff . How you feeling ? Fabulous . You know what I 'm going to do when I get out of here ? No . Teach you guitar . We could get our own band going . What do you say ? Okay . It 's my fault you 're in here . No , it 's not . Come on . But you could do me a favor . Anything . I need a drink . Can you get me a lemonade ? - Okay . - Thanks . Okay , Rachel . What do we know about ice ? It goes great with Scotch . Yeah , well , off of that , you know it 's cold . It 's hard . It 's crystalline . And ... With normal water , It floats . Now , this ice is from the spring . Our so-called " miracle water . " What kind of water makes ice cubes that sink ? Very rare , very special kind of water called heavy water . The molecules in heavy water have extra neutrons that make it , um ... heavier . and in humans it has been known to shrink cancer cells , but this never occurred to me because it 's so incredibly rare . But if it shrank Nicky 's tumor , that would make heavy water a good thing , right ? No . Heavy water is not a good thing . It 's really toxic . It 's like radiation except it 's not radioactive and it 's practically undetectable . However , it is the only substance that can actually effect a change in sleeping patterns in mammals . The raccoon . So , it 's just a fluke that this spring pops up full of heavy water ? No , no , it 's not a fluke . Only one in 5,000 water molecules is heavy water . Only human technology can produce it in large quantities . Even I know one use for heavy water . Nuclear weapons . So , this is the kind of water worth killing for . So , you 're telling me that Dr. Reeves was murdered by some nuclear terrorist here in Montana ? She was killed because she was getting too close to the truth . And Travis Dobbs was killed because he wouldn 't stop promoting s miracle stream . Your radiology department 's the only place in the area actively producing nuclear waste of any kind on a daily basis . Now , I know it 's small amounts but it 's real nonetheless , so ... where do you store it ? We 've been doing electrical repairs ever since the storm . Look , is this really necessary ? Only if you want to find out if you 've been irradied or not . It 's normal levels of background radiation . Still use this ? No , it 's one of the original water heaters from when the hospital was built in the ' 50s . - It hasn 't been used in years . - By you . That is a centrifuge tube . And it 's used to make heavy water by electrolysis . See , with the right amount of , uh , current , you can split regular water molecules leaving nothing behind but heavy water . Yeah . There 's some radiation . Nothing dangerous , but more than there should be . Well , whoever was here probably used the thalium 201 from your hospital 's , uh , stress tests , add the neutrons , to change it to thalium 202 , thereby increasing the gamma ray count . - Gamma rays ? - Yeah . Puts the " dirty " in dirty bomb . The heavy water must 've been stored in here in this tank . Yep . When the basement flooded , the water pressure must 've cracked the fittings . The heavy water would 've flowed out . Into the hospital drains , down in the water table that runs below ground . The amount of pressure changed , and found its way into the spring . And gave Nicky his miracle . Yeah , I think they must 've built a dirty bomb here . Explains residual radiation . Then took it with them . Who did you hire to do the electrical repairs ? Just our regular people . Our chief maintenance man and his assistant . What are their names ? Brandon Hurdle and Ben Adams . I think the symptoms all your patients have been suffering from are caused by heavy water poisoning . You need to flush it out of their systems right away . Brandon Hurdle has a degree in physical chemistry from Emory University , as well as a record of weapons and explosives charges . A little bit overqualified to be a hospital maintenance man , don 't you think ? What about Adams ? He was separated from the service during basic training two years ago for refusing to take orders from a non-white recruit squad leader . This is all very hard to believe . Timothy McVay 's neighbor said the same thing . Hold on , guys . Agent Young speaking . Got it . Stay on the line , please . Local cops hit both their homes . Nothing . Do you have any idea where they might be ? Hurdle has a house up at Kramer Lake . He uses it during hunting season . Really think these guys have a dirty bomb in there ? Positive . And now we 're going to get a look at it using my Bluetooth and the camera on their computer . We got barely 50 milligrams . More than enough to turn Billings into ground zero . A few dozen milligrams of that , a stick of dynamite : a hell of a lot of damage . All rit , when the suspects exit the cabin , I will order them to lay down what 's in their hands . If they comply immediately , we will take them into custody . If they do not , we will put them down . Understood ? - Copy that . - Keep your head down . This is the FBI ! Drop what you 're carrying or we 'll sot . You bastards ! Hood ! The dirty bomb has got to be in the case . Don 't touch that ! Don 't touch that . Don 't touch that . Central , we 're going to need an ambulance dispatched ... Hi , Lily . How are you feeling ? Better . At least for now . Now 's good . Nicky ? I think Special Agent Young has something for you . She likes you . What do you say , Nicky ? You think you can give her a good home ? - Can I , Dad ? - Yeah . Here you go . Hey , little one . I spoke with the director . He said to tell you " good call . " So , the big question is , do you believe in miracles now ? Define " miracle . " Well , if that storm hadn 't hit , Nicky Harris would still have cancer and half of Billings , Montana could have been irradiated . Sounds like a miracle to me .
