 Can I have another Cosmo , please ? And one for my friend . Right away , madam . Help ! Somebody get Lowell ! He 's still in the car ! Help ! Lowell ! Lowell ! Lowell ? ! Somebody ! Call an ambulance ! Somebody help ! Is he okay ? ! - Is he breathing ? ! - No . Why isn 't he breathing ? ! Breathe ! Come on ! Baby , come on ! Lowell ? ! Lowell , baby ! Whoa , guess how old this guy is . 42 . No , he 's 41 . He 's 56 . - Wow . - I know , can you believe that ? And it 's weird ' cause he had a history of alcohol abuse and he smoked . I knew it was time to start drinking . Explains why he drove himself into the pool . Oh , wait . No , his tox report said he was clean . Really ? Then what made him plow into the country club ? Hates rich people ? No , he is rich people . You know who Lowell Parks is , don 't you ? Lowell Parks ? - As in Parks Airways ? - Oh . What the hell ? ! Get the medical director , the chief administrator , and the health department on the phone . They 're going to want to see this . Those X-rays were taken of Mr. Parks about eight months ago . As you can see , no sign of deformity but he did have congestive heart disease . Well , he 's got more than that now , doesn 't he ? Unbelievable . Tell me about it . It 's not even bifurcated . It 's two separate organs . There 's no doubt about it . This man has two hearts . Is that even possible ? Surgeon General was hoping you might be able to tell us that . Well , we better , uh ... excise the heart and , uh , parts . Keep them on ice . We need to keep the cells alive for testing . Did it kill him ? Good bet . Two extra heart valves would have over oxygenated the blood and eventually would have slowed down and then stopped the impulse to breathe . In other words , he suffocated . Yeah . So , I guess two hearts aren 't always better than one . Any natural causes for something like this ? Only man 's natural desire ... to meddle where he shouldn 't . Not the kind of memorial you 'd expect a grieving widow to arrange . This is exactly the kind of memorial Lowell would have wanted . He loved parties . He told me he wanted his funeral to be the biggest and best ever . Well , he certainly seems to have lived life to the fullest . Spent every day as if it were his last . But then , he knew it very well could have been . You 're referring - to his heart condition ? - Of course . He started complaining that he was tired about a year ago . Trust me , Lowell was never tired . Ten years older than me and it still took everything I had just to keep up with him . Anyway , he had problems breathing and sleeping . So , I finally forced him to go to the doctor . That 's when we found out it was congestive heart disease . Is there anything else wrong with him that you knew of ? Not until he died . That 's obviously why you 're here , right ? I mean , the FBI doesn 't show up just for heart attacks . Not usually , no . But when they found out Lowell had a second heart , well , I guess that demands some extra attention , doesn 't it ? Yes , it does . Was this something that you were aware of before he died ? Well , Lowell always had a lot of heart . But , no , I had no idea . All right . Was he on any medication ? Just beta blockers to relieve the stress on his heart . That 's really it . The doctor also told him to stop drinking and smoking if he wanted to live longer . He thought that was pretty funny ; he 'd say , " What 's the point of a longer life if I can 't enjoy it ? " He was obviously very active , but was there anywhere in particular he liked to spend his time ? I 'm Isabelle Van Dyke . I 'm the manager here . Mr. Parks ' accident at the pool was , well , upsetting , to say the least . I certainly hope you find what - you 're looking for . - Thanks . So do we . Let me know if there 's anything else we can do . Will do . Thank you . Hood , check this out . It 's got a doctor 's label but not one I recognize from his medical records . Name of the medication isn 't listed . What do you think it is ? I don 't know . Let 's call the doctor and find out . Small world . Looks like Dr. Templeton 's a member of the club , too . Dr. Bruce Templeton ? Yes ? Do you mind if we ask you a few questions ? About this , uh , mystery substance ? And its connection to Lowell Parks ? Uh , this is no mystery . This is HGH . You mean human growth hormone ? Yeah , I was giving it to Lowell ever since he was diagnosed with congestive heart disease . But you weren 't his cardiologist . No , but I was a friend of some 20 years who also happened to be a doctor . Podiatrist . Not a heart doctor . I prescribed some HGH . It was somewhat unorthodox , yes , but it was helpful . And it could be malpractice . Look , Lowell was terminal . His only hope was for a transplant , but he wasn 't eligible for one . He drank too much . Hell , he did everything too much : smoking , recreational drug use . Let 's just say he liked to have fun , and I gave him the HGH so that he could have as much fun as possible before he died . Very thoughtful of you . And I assume his actual cardiologist was aware of this . Yes , he was . And there was no risk of contraindication . Look , I gave him the HGH to improve the quality of his life , and it did . I mean , he seemed to be younger every time I ran into him . I mean , hell , you should have seen the guy . - Like a damn 20-year-old . - Dr. Templeton , I don 't think it was the HGH that gave him the extra energy . He developed a second heart . Excuse me ? Oh my God . That 's incredible . I 've never seen anything like that . How long had you been giving him this ? Eight months , but it wouldn 't cause anything like that . You sure this is HGH ? Yes , uh , test it if you want to . Oh , we want to . Thank you again , sir , for your understanding . Really , I promise , it won 't happen again . I hope not . Let 's go . Look , Gracie , I 'm sorry . Don 't talk to me , Brian . Well ? Aren 't you going to say anything ? You told me not to talk to you . I hope you realize , I just used our last sympathy card in there . You get into one more fight , you 're expelled . Expelled ? Come on , Grace . That 's ridiculous . No , I 'll tell you what 's ridiculous . You getting into a fight with half your junior class . Come on . What was it about this time ? Look , all I did ... No ! You know what ? I don 't even wanna hear it . Would you make up your mind ! You know , is this the person you think Mom would have wanted you to become ? Is it ? ! Bri ... Bri , wait , come on . Stop it . I 'm sorry . Okay , that wasn 't cool . I just ... I am so mad at you right now and I just , I don 't have the energy to keep getting your stupid butt out of trouble . Not right now , okay ? I know . Okay . Let 's go home . Grace ? Grace ? Grace ? Grace ? ! Grace ! Grace ! Hey , help ! Somebody help ! Grace ! Was that really HGH in that vial ? Yep . And could that have made the body grow heart No.2 ? Nope . Whoa . Are you trying to gross me out , Hood ? I thought maybe if he 'd injected directly into the heart , there might be some kind of tissue mutation , but the HGH is having absolutely no effect on heart cells whatsoever . It 's definitely not our culprit . What is this thing ? It 's a device for keeping , um , heart transplants viable by flushing blood through the chambers . I 'm using it to keep the cells alive so I can test them . It 's amazing , isn 't it ? Amazingly creepy . Oh , my ... What ? This is the first DNA result for the double heart . The two hearts have different DNAs . So maybe it was some kind of transplant ? No , I 'm not saying the hearts have two different DNAs . The second heart has DNA from 15 different people . It is still counting . What happened to keeping it alive ? The final DNA count on the , uh , second heart , is 19 . I needed to open it up and check your , uh , scar tissue theory . And ? And nothing . But ... ruling out surgery got me to thinking about another theory . Which is ? There 's only one way to get 19 different DNAs in one organ . And that 's stem cells . I mean , it 's a radically new technique , but it 's possible that they injected stem cells directly into his heart as a way of repairing damaged cardiac tissue . So instead of fixing his first heart , he created a second one ? That 's my guess . Say this is a , a damaged heart , if you can , and this water is the stem cells . You put stem cells into your bloodstream , and they naturally seek out the damaged tissue . They repair and they replace the sick cells until the organ is all fat and happy . Is that why he looks so great despite his insane lifestyle ? Yeah . 'Cause the blood travels through the whole body . I mean , uh , the stem cells would fix the joints , the muscles , the skin ... the whole deal . So looking younger could be a side effect . Pretty sweet side effect . Yeah . Well , that was the good part . The bad side effect was heart Num.2. I mean , theoretically , if you take a hypodermic syringe , filled with 19 different stem cells , you inject it directly into an organ , there 's a chance it can overload . The stem cells could , uh , replicate too quickly . I think he force-fed the stem cells to the extent that it generated a whole , new heart . Okay . So now we know what caused the second heart , but what about who ? Templeton gave him the HGH . - Maybe he gave him the stem cells as well ? - Yeah , but you don 't just walk into Wal-Mart and order yourself a batch of stem cells , even if you 're a doctor . Then where did Lowell get them from ? I don 't know ... a hospital , a research center , a cord blood bank ... but the fact is you can 't get stem cells in these places unless your umbilical cord blood was banked when you were born or your children 's . And that doesn 't explain having 19 different stem cells in one organ . Yeah , but people with money have a far reach . What if we track down the people the stem cells came from ? ID the multiple DNAs . Put them through the criminal database ? Not just criminal , military , medical ... It 's worth a shot . Don 't think that being nice to me now is going to make me forget about how pissed I am at you . As soon as I get out of here , I 'm not going to finish kicking your ass . Oh , really ? " Kick the ass " of the guy who took on half the junior class ? I don 't think so . I said that , didn 't I ? Don 't worry about it . I took it as a compliment . You know , I was once just as sick as you are . Look at me now . I 'm going to be fine , you know . Your stem cells saved you . Mine are going to save me . - It 's practically a done deal . - Yeah . You 're going to be okay . 18 of the 19 DNAs came up dead ends . And the 19th ? Belongs to a 16-year-old boy named Brian Dahl . Registered with the Leukaemia and Lymphoma Society . Diagnosed with a rare form of ALL when he was ten , went through extensive genetic testing and , lucky for us , his DNA ended up on file . Not lucky for him . No , but it says he had a full recovery . What is it ? His sister didn 't . She was diagnosed three months ago . - Same leukaemia as him ? - Yeah . She 's in the hospital right now . What , what do you mean " no stem cells " ? How , how is that possible ? - I thought you said she had a large sample ? - Of the cord blood . But that doesn 't guarantee there 'd be a large amount of stem cells in it . Okay , well , somebody must 've just screwed up then . - Brian ... - No , no , no . That doesn 't make any sense to me . Stem cells don 't just evaporate . Okay ? Could someone please explain this to me ? Sorry to interrupt , but I may be able to help you with that . - Who are you ? - My name 's Dr. Jacob Hood . I 'm a scientist . We 're with the FBI . We 're investigating a case involving stem cells . We 're in the process of tracking the origin of some stem cells that we believe were stolen . I 'm afraid yours were among them , Brian . I don 't understand ? How is that even possible ? Well , we don 't know that yet , but we do know we found your stem cells and they were in somebody else . And what about Grace 's ? Well , her cord blood arrived here safely from where it was stored , but we were unable to find any stem cells in it when we spun it down . Both of your stem cells were stored at the same place , correct ? Then it 's very possible that Grace 's were stolen as well . Why ? For what ? I mean , who would do something like that ? Well , I 'd say someone who was very sick who obviously doesn 't care about you . " Someone sick . " Well , so is my sister . They said the chemo did so much damage to her immune system that without a transfer she isn 't going to make it . Well , that 's why we 're here . We 're going to find whoever it was stole your stem cells and get them back . Welcome . All right , everyone . She 's here . Hello . Excuse me . Hi . I want a complete tour of the facility , please . Are you the police ? We 're with the FBI . Do you know where Dr. , um ... Davison is , please ? I need to speak to him as soon as possible . We need an address and a phone number . Um , well , he 's at a fund-raiser tonight . Where ? At the Monticello Hills Country Club . Country Club ... that 's a coincidence . No such thing . I 'm Dr. Davison . What 's this about ? If you don 't mind speaking with the doctor outside , that would be fabulous . You 're touching me now ? Really ? Oh , it 's just that , uh ... there is a dress code . Oh , I 'm sorry . My gun doesn 't fit under my gown . Dr. Davison , we believe that stem cells from your facility were used to treat the wrong person . I don 't understand . Treat who ? Did you give stem cells to Lowell Parks To help him with his heart condition ? What ? God , no I would never do that Even for a friend ? He was a member of your club here La Jolla 's a small world This club has almost a thousand members That doesn 't mean they 're all my friends And I certainly wouldn 't compromise - my life 's work for any of them - Well , the fact is We have DNA proof that stem cells from your facility ended up in Lowell Parks and they grew him an extra heart A second heart ? My God ... Look , all our inventory is accounted for Are you sure ? 'Cause I know a 22-year-old girl Who 's in the hospital right now with leukaemia She stored her stem cells at your place And you know what ? They 're not there anymore Well , I sincerely hope you 're wrong about this People are already wary of stem cells something like this could give The entire industry a bad name Wary because they confuse cord blood stem cells With embryonic stem cells ? Yeah , that 's one reason Of course , they 're not the same These don 't require the sacrifice of any life As a matter of fact , you only get cord blood stem cells - If the baby actually lives - Exactly So why don 't more people do it ? Reason NO.2 money People don 't want to spend the cash on something they 're not sure they 're ever going to need Personally , I think it 's the cheapest form of life insurance you 'll ever find Stem cells are miraculous They 're like little chameleons morphing into whatever they 're surrounded by turning sick cells into healthy ones Exactly There are over 70 Different diseases you can treat with them now And we have a sister company in Brazil Who 's working on a treatment For brain and spinal cord injuries You know , these things Could cure paralysis And they 're absolutely non-invasive You just take something that was going to be thrown away And freeze it No pain , no donors Well , so far so good Looks like they 're all here Well , be that as it may We should start testing these samples Which ones ? All of them This isn 't cord blood , Rachel It 's not even human Then what is it ? - Pig 's blood . - What ? Whoever stole the cord blood Replaced it with pig 's blood It 's actually quite A smart move , ' cause chemically Pig 's blood 's very similar To human blood ; that way the theft Would go undetected for as long as possible But I 've been all over this place It 's state-of-the-art Alarms Even bullet proof glass There was no sign Of a break-in and none reported either Well , they got in somehow How much is missing ? About a third of the inventory And if that much was stolen ... It wasn 't just for one man 's bad heart You 're telling me that ... our cord blood was ripped off And replaced with pig 's blood ? Um , I took a look at your family history I see that your mom passed away . What about your dad ? Where is he ? No idea . And we really don 't want to know . Really ? You mind me asking why ? When mom died , Dad fell apart . Finally dropped us off at Grandma 's and disappeared . We were just kids . We haven 't seen or heard from him since ... He abandoned us . Screw him . Not to defend him , but some people just don 't seem to be equipped to handle grief the way they should . I mean , I ... lost someone very close to me a couple years ago , and ... I didn 't ... couldn 't speak to anyone for three months . That 's not the same as skipping out on your kids . No , you 're absolutely right . I 'm just saying that sometimes when people are , um , suffering a lot of pain , they make bad choices . However you feel about your dad , I just feel I have to tell you that he could be a very good bone marrow match for you , Grace . Even if we did know where he was , it 'd be a waste of time . Trust me , he couldn 't even handle my mom 's death ; he 's not going to be able to handle this . Hmm . What about my bone marrow ? Sorry , Brian , but because you 've already been sick , I 'm afraid you wouldn 't be viable . Well , then ... I guess that 's that . Grace ... it 's not . You still think that you 're going to find my stem cells ? Look , I appreciate you trying , but ... What if you can 't ? Well , I 'll put it this way . I 'm not going to give up , and I don 't want you to either . Okay ? I ran background checks on the staff - no red flags . - Forget the staff . We need ask our little porcine friends . Excuse me ? People lie . You said it yourself . Pigs don 't . Rachel . Rachel . Oh , my God . How long was I out ? - I 'm sorry . - It 's okay . I 'm on day two without sleep . I can 't say I blame you . Was I snoring ? No . Drooling a little . Great . It 's okay . It 's kind of cute . Found our pig . Seems like pig breeds are pretty easy to identify ; this one has a low concentration of lipids in its blood . " The Mangalitsa pig . Originating from Hungary , they are often called ' four-footed olive trees because they are fed a strict diet of mostly acorns . " Yeah , but the pig 's genetics actually make Mangalitsa fat more unsaturated than normal pig fat . Yeah , says the meat is marbled . it 's like the Kobe beef of pork . It 's all very fascinating , but more importantly , it 's very expensive and labor-intensive . Which limits the number of places - you can get them . - Exactly . I need to track down where these guys are sold in the US . If we find out who bought the pig 's blood , we can find out who our stem cell thieves are . San Diego PD . Agent Young . What 's up ? Okay , we 'll be right there . The pigs are going to have to wait . They found another body . Any ideas on exact cause of death ? She suffocated . Just like her husband . Look at this . Her neck 's swollen , too . Yeah , at first we were thinking an allergic reaction , until we found this . Rachel , these are stem cells . Must have shot them directly into her face . In her face ... like botox ? Yeah . To regenerate the collagen , the elastic fibre , essentially , to ... give her baby skin . Is that even possible ? Oh , yeah , if you kept it subcutaneous , but she went too deep . The cells proliferated in the fatty tissue instead of the skin . It created tumours . See , on the face , it 's not a pretty sight . - But on the neck ? It 's deadly - Yup . The tumours got so large they obstructed her air passage , suffocated her . Rachel . I 'm finding it hard to escape the conclusion that Lowell Parks didn 't really care about fixing his heart . I think he cared about fixing his face . This whole thing was about vanity . Well , I 'm not saying it didn 't start out as a way of fixing his heart , but by the end , it was definitely more about the cosmetic effect it was having . And then his wife wanted in on it . And who knows who else . God , what people will do to be beautiful . Put staples in their faces , inject themselves with Botulism . Yeah , well , what 's funny is I think there 's a tendency for people to think that we 're getting worse as a species ... but the fact is we 've always been this way . Victorian women would literally tear hair from their heads to give them higher foreheads . There 's tribes in Africa that would elongate their necks using rings . I mean , it 's human nature to try to perfect ourselves . It 's never going to change . Okay , we need to get this to the hospital - so they can test what 's left - Will do . Maybe we 'll get lucky . It 'll turn out to be Grace Dahl 's . Angie Parks ... she must 've suspected her husband died of this stuff , and she used it anyway ? People know smoking gives them lung cancer and they still do it . I 'm more concerned about the people on the other side of this . They take the time , they spend the money , get their stem cells stored ... and then when they need them to save their life , they 're gone . I mean , that 's murder , isn 't it ? Negligent homicide , maybe . No , Rachel . Grace Dahl is dying because these people ... these selfish fools , they think they found the fountain of youth . It 's murder . Okay . I 'm going to get this to the hospital , and then we need to find out where Mangalitsa pigs are slaughtered on the West Coast . Okay , I 'll catch up with you later . Where are you going ? I 'm going to try and fix this mess . And you guys are the only ones on the West Coast who slaughter Mangalitsas ? That 's right . Most people find the subject of animal slaughter to be unpleasant but I got news for ' em no such thing as a steak tree . Uh , we can go in the office , if you want . It can get pretty gruesome out here . Trust me , I 've seen worse . So who 's buying the Mangalitsa pork ? Well , I know eight places buy the meat . Actually , I 'm more concerned with the blood . Okay . Blood . Um , most of it ends up with the mechanically recovered meat . Which is ? Cat food , primarily . But there are a couple places that buy the blood straight . Some people consider it a delicacy . Let 's see ... a Tapas bar in Chula Vista , a Greek restaurant over in Spring Valley . Monticello Hills down in La Jolla . Wait a minute . The country club ? Mm-hmm . Mr. Dahl ? Mr. Richard Dahl ? - Yeah . - Hi . I 'm sorry to disturb you . I 'm here on behalf of your daughter , Grace . She needs your help ... Who are you ? My name 's Jacob Hood . I work for the FBI . I 'm here on my own time today , but I hope you don 't mind . I had the agency look up your address for me . I need to talk to you . Actually , I do mind . Look , you don 't understand the situation . I 'm aware it 's a very complicated situation , Mr. Dahl . But I 'm here to tell you - your kids really need your help . - No . No . They don 't . Those kids are better off without me . That much I know . Grace has leukaemia , Mr. Dahl . She 's dying . I didn 't know . Sometimes I drive down there . Sit in the laundromat across the street from their apartment . They seemed okay . I didn 't even know Brian had been sick . Well , Grace is now . And you can keep her alive . Me ? How ? Your bone marrow . I should never have left . Once I did , I couldn 't go back . The past is the past . It 's what we do now that matters . Watch yourselves . It gets pretty busy in here right before dinner rush . Well , we 'll be quick . We just need to see where the blood 's kept . Of course . I 'm glad I can help . So pig 's blood is on the menu ? No , but Highland blood pudding is . You say something 's foreign and suddenly it becomes exotic , expensive . A lot of things around here seem to be about appearances . Aren 't these the refrigerators ? Yes , but that 's not where the Mangalitsa 's kept . We had some trouble with employee theft a while back so we built another fridge with a key card lock . The Mangalitsa 's to the right , and ... the blood is on the back shelf . So , who exactly has access to this place ? Just me . That did not just happen . Well , the good news is , we know who the bad guy is . And the bad news is she just locked us in the damn fridge . Well , we 're not going to starve . No cell service ? Great . Should be some kind of emergency release mechanism . Rachel , you see this ? It 's a double thermostat . It 's negative 100 degrees . It 's a deep freeze . Perfect for storing stem cells . It 's empty . She probably took them with her . Okay . Yeah , help me pull this out . Why ? Protection . Don 't tell me you 're going to build some kind of bomb with champagne and baking soda ? Rachel , I 'm a scientist . I 'm not MacGyver . Shoot the lock . Out the fridge and into the fire . Hey , Bozo , wake up . Mm . Hey . So , um , guess what ? Mm . Uh , Dr. Hood ... he thinks he may have found a match . Who ? Dad ? It 's gonna take a few days while I take the medication to build up enough bone marrow , but the doctors are hopeful . Oh , I 'm sorry . I 'll go . I , uh , have to get started with the doctor . And , uh , I didn 't want to upset you . No . I should be upset , but stay for a minute . Please ? This is Agent Young . Issue a be-on-the-lookout for Isabelle Van Dyke . Thanks . Turns out Isabelle used to work at a cord blood bank in Brazil . Explains why she 's so familiar with stem cells . Maybe that wasn 't the only thing she was familiar with . What ? You 've got that look . - I like that look . - What ? Well , didn 't Dr. Davison say that he had a sister company ... in Brazil ? That 's a coincidence ? There 's no such thing . You didn 't know that Pinot Noir has the highest resveratrol content ? That 's the only red wine I drink anymore . Ow ! Does it have to go there ? Well , it 's the best place to hit the neural crest cells . - Neural what ? - Didn 't Belle explain it to you in the tutorial ? They 're migratory , which means it 's the fastest way to get your entire body back to its 20-year-old shape . Oh . Well , I get that . Do me , Doc ? Niles . Isabelle , good to see you . You can start setting up in the next bedroom . We 've got lots of people waiting . We have to go . Now . Dad ? Yeah . Hi . Um ... I need to ... I wanted to tell you myself . What ? I 'm not a match , Grace . My ... My bone marrow isn 't going to work . Oh . I 'm so sorry . I didn 't want to fail you again . You didn 't fail me . You 're here , Dad . Will you promise me something , though ? Of course . Take care of Brian for me . Isabelle and Dr. Davison are thieves ? But they seem so ... I mean , they look so ... Looks are deceiving . We got to find them quickly , Rachel . If those stem cells defrost , they 're gonna be useless . I put an APB out on the car . Hold on . Rachel . Since she 's not rich , but if she works in a place like this , which ... let 's face it ... is all about appearances , she 's gonna need a nice car . - A company car . - Do your cars have tracking devices ? Yeah . My car has an on wire system , if that 's what you mean . We need an account number and a password for Isabelle Van Dyke 's company car . - This is crazy . - They know , Niles . Yeah , about you , not about me . Yeah , you should leave the country , I should go back , and when this whole thing is over , we can get it together . They 're FBI , Niles . It 's not gonna take long for them to connect the dots once they 're looking . We just walked away from another 200 grand . You know that , right ? A lot of good it 'll do us in prison . She 's at Castle Park . How many miles to the Mexican border ? 30 . Maybe less . Call the CHP , tell them to set up a roadblock on the southbound side of the freeway . There 's cops up ahead . - Damn it ! - You need to calm down , Belle . There 's a roadblock . All right , stop the car . There 's nowhere to go . You 're right . Oh ... Belle , What are you doing ? Rachel ? Relax . I 've played chicken before . You need to turn the car , Belle . You 're gonna kill us both ! - No . - Oh , God ! Three now ! Perfect record ! Out of the car ! Put your hands on your head ! Let 's go . You two , get out now ! On your knees . Rachel ? Stem cells are here . Let 's hope Grace 's are in here , too . Dr. Hood ? Mr. Dahl . I want to thank you for tracking me down . I ... I wish I could have been more help . Oh , you did plenty . You helped . Probably more than you realize . Uh , is she gonna be okay ? Well , all three vials of her cord blood were recovered , so she 's got more than a good chance . They 're about to take her in for the transplant now , so ... You know , once upon a time , getting old was a sign of wisdom , something to be revered . Now people kill to stay young . Yeah . Can 't think why . Being young 's a pain in the ass . Acne . Parents . The prom . I didn 't go to my prom . Really ? Find that hard to believe . I went to my prom . My date puked on me . What color was your tux ? Have to call it a kind of peach . Well , that explains it , doesn 't it ? Yeah . Maybe . Yeah , I guess people will always try to turn back the clock . You can 't stop that . I hate to break it to you , but we just did .
