 [ telephone ringing ] Mmm . Hello , Governor . Really ? Is he on now ? There are people who are frankly stunned by your seemingly meteoric rise . In the Senate less than three months and already closely allied with the President on what many people are calling unprecedented access to the average American 's most private details . Steve , I 'm just a humble Junior Senator from New York , but as Chairman of the Senate Commission On Homeland Security , it 's my duty to protect and serve the people of America . I can assure you , Governor , I don 't know any more about this than you do . Trust me , that 's ancient history . I haven 't spoken to him in close to two months . Now , if you don 't mind , I do have to get some sleep . [ chuckles ] ( reporter ) The rumors in Washington are of frequent private meetings at the White House , and the question on everyone 's mind is what are you discussing ? Well , again , these are matters of national security . We 're protecting the American people from a very serious threat . Are we talking about terrorism ? Let me assure you , the threat is real . We 're not out to alarm the American public , but it 's important that we take precautionary measures . ( reporter ) Senator , I don 't mean to belabor this , of course the questions remain : Why you ? Why now ? Well , I 'd love to go into specifics with you , Steve , but these are highly classified discussions . ( reporter ) There are those that fear that what you 're really talking about is taking away civil liberties , relaxing FISA policies , expanding the reach of the Patriot Act . What about that ? [ clatter , squeak ] Anyone who knows my record and my career will tell you I 've devoted my life to protecting people . As a District Attorney in New York , I was tough on crime . Uhh ! [ grunting ] You want me to beg ? ( Nathan ) And now I 'm continuing that passion with the protection of the entire nation . Well , screw you . Is this about your religious calling ? I don 't beg for anyone . ( reporter ) After your assassination attempt , you made claims that God has a mission for you . What do you want ? [ electric crackling ] Uhh ! Yes , I stand by those comments . Now more than ever . Cover her hands . You got her ? - Got her . All right . All right , we 're good . I 'm a God-fearing man . I just want what 's best for our country . Tell Petrelli we got the first one . [ both speaking Japanese ] [ electric crackling ] [ Hiro exclaims ] [ electric crackling ] Oh ! [ electric crackling ] Ando ! ( Peter ) Breathe . Breathe in . Breathe in . Breathe in . Breathe . Peter , it 's over . No , I can save him . It 's no use . He 's dead . Hey . [ sighs ] Damn it . I could have saved him . No , you couldn 't . He bled out in the car . I should have got to him faster . He was pinned in there . So , I should have been stronger . You can 't save everyone . I should have been stronger . Well , any favorites yet ? [ sighs ] Yeah , I mean , Hamilton , Smith , Georgetown- - they 're all ... the best schools in the country . Getting your GED was the best thing you could have done . An elite education is something most people only dream about . Claire , you 're an exceptional young woman , and you deserve an exceptional education . If you say so . Are you okay ? [ sighs ] Look , I appreciate this . You putting me up and offering to get me into school , but I don 't think I can do this . Your father and I have discussed this at length . Which one ? Both of them . And we all felt that going to college was the best chance that you would have at a normal life . Everyone keeps saying that , but none of us have a chance at a normal life when he 's still out there . When who 's still out there ? [ whispers ] Sylar . Claire , Sylar is dead . We stood there together and watched Primatech burn to the ground . They found dental remains . I know he 's out there , okay ? I can feel it in my gut . He 's killing again , and my father is trying to hide it from me . I found an article in his desk about a man who went missing in Memphis . They searched his house and found his entire upstairs filled with salt water . I 'm sure there 's some explanation . My dad keeps going away for days at a time , going on business trips . It 's happening again , and I should be out there helping to stop it . Claire , you have got to believe me . It 's over . All of it . Primatech , the company , Pinehearst . All of it . And we all have to accept that . No . You 're just trying to put me on the bench . He 's out there . And if I 'm the only one who sees that , then fine . I 'll go find him myself . [ Ink Spots on record player ] # I don 't want to set # the world on fire # # I just want to start # # a flame in your heart # # in my heart , I have but one desire # # and that one is you # [ gun cocks ] # no other will do # You move , and I shoot . God damn thief . Think you can come into my shop without me hearing you ? Martin ? Martin Gray ? Do I know you ? Did you live at 423 Canmore Street In Queens 27 years ago ? It was snowing . In the middle of February , you went out for a pack of cigarettes at 10 : 00 and never came back . Or so the story goes . Kind of cliche , don 't you think ? Who are you ? I 'm your son . And I have some questions for you . # I 'll have reached the goal I 'm dreaming of # [ loud whoosh ] Oh , hey . I was just- - Working ? Yeah . I got done with all my morning deliveries , So I thought I 'd just come home . [ chuckling ] At 10 : 30 ? Are you spying on me ? Maybe . Look , I know I said I wouldn 't use my speed , but do you have any idea how long it takes to get across Midtown on a bike ? Yes , and that 's sort of the idea . But I 'm all done for the day . We could go to the zoo or something . Some of us still have to put in a full day . You know , I could use my ability to work my way clear to the top of the police force , but do I ? No , ' cause you 're a body guard who makes 12 bucks an hour . At least it 's honest work . When you should be opening your own private detective agency , like you want . I told you , I can get you the cash . I 'm not gonna use stolen money to open up a business , Daphne . What 's wrong with trying to live like normal people ? It 's boring , for one thing . Well , I will take boring any day over this bizarro world that I 've been in ever since this whole thing got started . Come on , we talked about putting it all behind us and just getting everything back to normal . Just ... normal . Okay . Fine , you win . Normal it is . [ Angela , on phone ] Yes , I know that . But she has her own ideas , and now she 's circling the building on your whole operation . She found an article about a guy in Memphis that your team picked up , and , uh , she thinks it 's Sylar . You haven 't ? ( Angela ) Well , then I 'm sure it 's all just her imagination . ( Nathan ) What 's your point ? ( Angela ) No . Well , the point is she 's suspicious , and I can 't control her . ( Nathan ) That 's too bad , Mom , because I was counting on you distracting her . If she digs , she 's gonna start finding things , and today is crucial . We have to keep her away from Peter and away from Parkman when we take him down . Mom , you hear me ? I want Claire as far away from all of this as possible . Mom ? [ slams down phone ] I think we have a bigger problem now . I 'm very different person now . That was a long time ago . Maybe for you . You said you had questions ? Well , ask ' em . How does a boy without a father grow up to be a man ? How does he learn to make the hard decisions he 's gonna have to make in life- - The ones only a man can teach ? You want an apology , is that it ? You want to hear I 'm sorry For walking out on you and your mother ? I just want the truth . What about ? That your mother was a sick , infantile woman ? Or that I made a mistake ever to have a child with her ? Let 's start there , because I 'm sure as hell not the son of a man who repairs watches and the woman who collected snow globes . So who am I ? Tell me . You were given to me . By whom ? A man who needed money . Your mother wanted a baby and couldn 't have one . I wanted out of a loveless marriage and was too much of a coward . Seemed like the right answer at the time . Who was he ? My brother . Is he still alive ? You 're telling the truth . Now please leave . So , you planning on seeing him ? See who ? Your brother . He 's in town . Saw him on TV this morning . Ah , I didn 't see that . I haven 't seen him in months . Not really talking at the moment . Huh . Maybe you won 't mind me being honest . He scares the hell out of me . Why is that ? My family 's from Iran . The things he 's talking about , protecting the country from dangerous people , it 's Code . It 's not very subtle either . He 's talking about people like me . We 're different , so we 're scary . But you wouldn 't know anything about that . Believe me , I know more than you think . [ cell phone rings ] Hello ? Claire ? Peter , thank God . Hey , where are you ? I 'm in New York . We have to stop them . Stop who ? Your Mom and Nathan , they 're planning something , something bad . I thought it was Sylar , but it 's them . What are you talking about ? I don 't know . I think they 're talking about rounding up people with abilities . They already started taking them . This guy , in Memphis , he disappeared . Look , wait a minute . Slow down . They were talking on the phone . Your Mom , your brother . They were talking about keeping me out of the way , so I wouldn 't find out . They 're going after Matt Parkman today . We have to stop them . Okay , look , just take a deep breath , all right ? I have to warn Matt . I 'll go talk to my mom . When I know something , I 'll give you a call , okay ? I 'm just going a few blocks . 87th and Madison , please . [ sighs ] Hello , Peter . Mohinder ? ( Peter ) This is a coincidence . Last time I saw you- - I know . It 's been a long time . Keeping out of trouble ? Trying to . Although you ever get the feeling like you 're meant to do something extraordinary ? [ chuckles ] I used to . Turns out I was mistaken . Seen anyone ? - I try not to . Everybody 's under the radar . All except your brother , of course . Well , you know Nathan . Seems like every time I pick up a newspaper or turn on the TV , there he is , right out in the open . He 's not wrong , you know . These powers uncontrolled , unrestricted , I see only danger in that . Do you ? I was living proof of it . Okay , so what happens when the government wants to step in ? That 's a necessary risk I 'm willing to accept . Segregation ? Internment camps ? People hiding underground ? We 'll agree to disagree . How much do I owe you ? Ah , it 's okay . It 's on me . Thank you . Take care of yourself , Mohinder . You too , Peter . Where to , my friend ? Just drive . It 's your dime . Who are you ... and what do you want ? I want you to get in the Van . You 're surrounded . [ metal ripping ] Aah ! Get in . You want to live , get in ! [ tires screeching ] What the hell is going on ? Those guys who tried to kidnap me . Do you know who they are ? - No . Has anybody contacted you about people with abilities being attacked or abducted ? - No . Have you had any contact with Claire ? Or Parkman ? - No ! No ! What did Peter Petrelli tell you today ? ( Mohinder ) How did you know- - Where did you come from ? What are you doing ? ! Sorry , Mohinder . [ electric crackling ] Aah ! Agh ! [ breathing hard ] Mom ? Mom , you home ? She 's not here . It 's been a long time , Pete . Sorry I 've been out of touch . I 've been kind of busy . Yeah , what with all press you 've been doing lately , right ? You know the media , they like new and shiny . Yeah , you got the whole country thinking you 're talking about terrorists , but we both know who you 're really talking about . What can I say , Pete ? Last time I tried to out us , I got shot . I 'm nothing if not a quick study . Just gonna round us all up , get rid of us ? Let me guess , you got our mother involved in this , too . Mom 's got nothing to do with this , Pete . It 's not Dad 's plans , it 's all me . You know how I feel about this . We 've been over it . I 'm doing what 's necessary . No , what you 're doing is turning your back on your own kind . It 's one thing to disown me , Nathan . But this , you 're a self-loathing hypocrite . And you wonder why I haven 't returned your calls ? Look , I said some things that were pretty harsh . I admit it . I got a little emotional , but I 've had time to calm down and ... I 'd like to talk to you about some ideas . I 'd like your input , your ... advice . Advice ? What advice could I possibly give you besides kiss my ass , Nathan ? I 'm just trying to extend an olive branch here , that 's all . How about dinner ? Tonight ? Just dinner . I 'll text you when and where . Okay . Just out of curiosity , What can you do these days ? Do ? Your abilities . What are you , a cop ? What 's the last thing you saw me do , Nathan ? You flew . [ sighs ] Hey , how the hell did you get out of your tank ? You 're talking to a turtle again . You again . How did you get into my apartment ? What are you doing here ? I came to give you a message . It 's kind of a long trip for a message , don 't you think ? I 'm not really here , Parkman . It 's an illusion , like life . It 's best not to make this any more difficult than it has to be . There are things you 'll come to know along the way in this journey . No . No , no , no , no . I 've taken way too many journeys already . I know it 's difficult to understand , but I went through the same thing when it happened to me . When what happened to you ? The calling to be a prophet . You 've been chosen . No , I didn 't ask to be chosen for anything . All I want to do is live a normal life . But you 're not normal , Parkman , and you 've known that for a while . The world needs you to tell them the future . - The future ? How the hell am I gonna do that ? You 'll paint it . I can 't even draw ! You 'll learn . Uh ... Fine , so what am I supposed- - [ speaking Japanese ] Aaah ! Hiro ? Hiro ! [ tires squealing ] [ urgent knocking on door ] [ pounding on door ] [ gun cocks ] Thank God you 're okay . Claire , what are you doing here ? Did they come ? - Did who come ? I don 't know , but you 're in danger . I heard Angela and Nathan talking about sending someone to take you down . Take me down , huh ? I came to warn you . It 's happening again . Sylar , the Company- - they are planning something . I don 't know anything about that , But something weird is happening to me . Weird like what ? ( Matt ) I made these drawings . Except the thing is I don 't draw , Or at least I couldn 't until now . What does this have to do with anything ? They 're supposed to come true , I think , But they don 't make any sense to me . Is that supposed to be us ? You 're right . ( Matt ) That 's us , right now . ( Claire ) What is that on your neck ? [ electric crackling ] Oh ! I know we have dinner plans . There 's just some things I need to talk to you about that can 't wait . Okay . I can only imagine how you feel about me after ... disowning you the way I did . It was selfish , arrogant ... obsessive . Those are your better qualities , Nathan . I know it hasn 't been easy losing me as a brother and a friend . You need to know what I 'm doing is hugely important for this country . For the world . I want to give you the chance to understand that before you make a decision that may change your life forever . I 'm not making any decisions . Okay , I 'm just trying to live my life as normally as I can . That 's just it , Pete . You 're not normal . [ locks door ] Pete , please ... Tell me you understand that , so I can make arrangements and provide you with the protection that you need . Tell me you understand . What are you asking me this ? What is it that you 're looking for me to say ? I 'm looking for you to tell me you 're with me , and then I 'll leave . I can 't do that . No , I won 't do that . Look , I don 't know what you 're up to , but if it is what I think it is , I 'm gonna fight you with every breath that I have . I swear to God . Okay . Hey , give your big brother a hug ? Of course . [ electric crackling ] Uhh ! I 'm sorry , Pete . Don 't hurt him . Hello ? Anybody home ? Mr. Gray ? [ thud ] [ electric crackling ] [ electric crackling ] [ gasping ] Who are you ? I said , who are you ? [ groaning in pain ] Simmons . Agent Daniel Simmons . All right , Agent Simmons , where 's the man that lives in this house ? Where 's Mr. Gray ? - I don 't know . Then we 'll ask another question . I walked into a trap . Who sent you ? A challenge ... fine . I like a challenge . [ Simmons screaming ] [ speaking Japanese ] Oh . [ tires screeching ] We have a couple of situations . Let me guess ... Sylar . We 've lost communication with the team . I told you to put a bullet in the back of his head . Right here . The last thing I need is a body count to try and explain . We 're sending a clean-up crew , but there 's something else . Uncuff her . Give us a minute . [ drugged ] I hate you . ( Nathan ) I know . You 're never gonna get away with this . Someday you might forgive me , Claire . Someday you might not . The important thing is that you get home right now and forget everything you 've just seen . What makes you think I 'm gonna do that ? What , are you gonna threaten my family ? Claire , I have given you a free pass . Don 't make me change my mind . No . Where are you taking them ? [ gasping ] [ engine starts ] [ propellers revving ] Flight 195 . You are cleared for takeoff . [ propellers buzzing ] [ pilots chattering ] Hiro . Peter . Peter , it 's me . Come on , wake up . Come on , we need to get everyone out of here . We need to break these shackles . I don 't have strength anymore . Suresh . Take this stuff off . Suresh ? Come on , wake up . Come on , wake up . [ rumbling ] [ metal creaking ] Uhh ! Wake everybody up . [ grunting ] Uhh ! Go to the cockpit ! [ electric crackling ] Uhh ! Oof ! We 're gonna make an unexpected landing . Claire ? Uhh ! Ohh ! Grr ... Uhh ! Oh ! [ air decompressing ] Mayday , mayday , mayday ! Den mother 3-1 going down ! Bearing two-four-five at nine-eight off Walnut Ridge Vortac ! We have lost pressure ! Mayday , mayday ! [ somber music ] # # Subtitles by LeapinLar
