 I 'll be right back for the pint of stout . Sir ? Sir ? is your party gonna show ? We like to reserve booths for four people or more . Emergency operator . May I have your name ? Rockets and Sonics tied at 80 ... .. calls it one of the best new shows of the season . Sundays after football ... This feed is live from the Embassy Road district in the nation 's capital . At ten minutes after midnight , an explosion ripped through the Queen 's Arms - a popular pub frequented by British diplomats . Witnesses reported seeing a fireball that blew out the front of the pub , sending lethal projectiles , shards of glass and splintered wood flying blocks away . Authorities in the DC area responded quickly to the tragedy . The first emergency vehicle arrived less than two minutes after the explosion . The number of victims has taxed the resources of the nearest emergency room . - They haven 't called you . - They will . Authorities have yet to determine a cause of the explosion . When such an event occurs in the capital , the possibility of a terrorist attack cannot be dismissed . The number of casualties has now been confirmed at 13 dead , 20 in critical condition . The fbi and the ATF have been notified ... - How long will you be away ? - Till we 're certain it won 't happen again . Rescue volunteers are working to save any victims still trapped in the rubble . Can we get a medic ? I read the reports . Anything new ? Conclusive evidence that it was a bomb . RDX residue , probably Semtex . Other than that , nothing . - What agencies are involved ? - Name them . The Bureau , ATF , DC Metro . No egos . People just want to get it done . Jack Pierson 's heading the task force . At 12 : 20am , the Washington Post received the first call claiming responsibility . It was made from a pay phone at 28th and Lincoln , West District . Forensics is examining the booth for prints . Take heed , agents of ZOG . Tonight 's hellfire is only the beginning . Our capital 's been designated a kill zone as prophesied in " The Turner Diaries " . The covenant of ZOG will be overthrown . True Americans have renounced this bastard son of freedom and justice . Repent ! Abolish the irs ! The people will prevail . We 're going through the NSTL . Agent Mills . No intelligence reports of increased militia activity . An English pub isn 't a likely target . This next call is scarier - received 23 minutes after the incident . Tonight at ten after midnight , the ANO claims 13 lives as payment for the continuing oppression of our people . Withdraw your support for the Zionists . ANO - Abu Nidal Organization . Maybe the Fatah Revolutionary Council feels left out of the peace talks . There 's a time discrepancy . For the media , we established the time of the blast at 12 : 10 . In actuality , detonation was dead on at 12 . This next call , received ten minutes prior . It 's a code similar to Ira bomb alerts used in England . Those tones correspond to the numbers 5-2-2-6-6-6 . The pub is a hang-out for British Embassy employees . The State Department 's given us background on the victims . That 's the seat of the explosion . If you 'd been in that booth at detonation , your flesh would have been Kleenex . - Agent Pierson ? - Yeah ? - Found this 200 feet down the street . - Part of the detonator . - Whoever built it didn 't take any chances . - Chances ? See these wires ? Three too many . Built-in redundancy so that if the first system failed , there 'd be two backups . May I ? Briefcase . Probably placed beneath the booth . Egyptian make . The bomb was professional . The placement was not . A waitress could have found it . A customer kicking it would have discovered it . I 'll check it out . Cover our bases . Agent Pierson ? Nightline is covering the bombing tonight . Kopel wants a representative to explain the psychology of someone who could shred 13 complete strangers . - Frank ? - l have ajob . Ira . British brand . British pub . He was in it . He ? You feel we 're not dealing with foreign co-conspirators ? A political terrorist would be far from the scene . He was here , watching . He was here all right . My own preference is to imagine girls who wouldn 't date me . He was excited . Anticipating what was about to happen . And at midnight last night he got his release . Emergency operator . May I have your name ? It 's five after one - time for the noon meeting . Let 's hear it . A partial serial on the receiver casing . Checking manufacturers to determine location of purchase . - Briefcase . - Egyptian make . This particular latch is used on three brands and ten models , so there 's thousands , but we 're checking for recent sales . This is a list of the morning canvass . Updates on the hour . - Caller 's prints ? - Full index , partial thumb . We 're running it through NClC , CPlC and Interpol . That 's a start . The device we 're recovering is highly sophisticated with a backup system , so we know this guy has expert knowledge of both electronics and explosives . This guy ? We believe an individual set it off , witnessing the aftermath from a nearby vantage point , and we fully expect him to obsessively follow this investigation . You mean in the press ? Closer . From his home . The bomb was complex , intricate - perhaps overly so . I believe this trait extends to his obsessions . Expect to find an array of eavesdropping devices . Scanners , cell phone cloners , RF receivers . He 's listening to every transmission we make . It 's his way of inserting himself into the chaos - the chaos he creates . That 's why we 're changing the protocol . All communication will be conducted through hard line only . No one is to use their cellular phone ... except Frank Black . Alison said she heard it was a bomb and I just pray it was a gas leak ... Got a confirmation on that ? Did we get a vapor trace analysis ? It was positive . Semtex . Probably stolen from the military . Have the armory check its inventory . Riley and Johnson are looking into Fort McNair. I 'll check the Washington Navy Yard . Call you in an hour . We 're getting close . - How long do we chump for him ? - As long as it takes . I 'm gonna try a different cell site . Yeah . Hello ? Contact . The instant you hit the send button , we 're onto it . We got every piece of equipment ever invented . Court orders are signed , phone company 's on board . - All we need to do is keep him on line . - How long ? - Depends . From a land line ... - He 'll use a cloned cell phone . - Right . Absolutely . And if he 's smart ... - He is . - .. he 'll use several in rotation . - lt 'll be impossible to trace . No , not impossible . Very hard to trace , not impossible . If we lock onto his signature frequency , we can use RF call trace . It 's only a ten-second delay to track cell sites , cell faces , hand-offs , signal strength . Then we can close in the circle , pinpoint his location . The key is keeping him on line until we lock in . Now all we have to do is wait . How long have you been up ? About 37 hours . Can 't sleep on a plane . Yeah ? - Who is this ? - Hello . Who is this ? A star . - Yeah ? - Well , that was rude . - l thought you 'd wanna talk to me . - Who the hell is this ? The one you 've been working so hard to find . Prove it . RDX . C-4 . Home-made . Underneath the booth in the back . - l wanna help you . - You wanna stop me , don 't you ? You do yourjob , you 'll be famous . A real star. lsn 't that right , star ? All I wanna do is communicate . That way we can help each other . First I need a name . What do I call you ? I already gave you my name . Kaboom ? What kind of name is that ? Sounds like that little guy in The Flintstones . - Lost it . - That was " Kazoo " , by the way . Frank , you believe the tone was appropriate ? He enjoys the sport . He 'll call back . He gave us less than two minutes . We did get a frequency and sector grid . Unleash the hounds . I know the Rock Creek area . Nolan , Takahashi and I will take the northwest corner and go south . OK . We 'll take the Mill Creek Cemetery and move north . Once we confirm his signature frequency , we 'll lock on and triangulate to pinpoint his location . Charlie One , this is Charlie Two . We 're in position at 1300 Lincoln and Carolina . Copy , Charlie Two . Yeah ? Every 15 minutes for the last three hours straight . is there a way to confirm the calls are coming from the same location ? No . The duration of the calls is too short . It 's calculated to burn us out . He 's planning something for today . 5 : 17 . He 's breaking the pattern . - Yeah ? - Frank , it 's Catherine . - l 'm worried . You haven 't called . - l have to call you back . Frank , wait . Jordan ... - Hello ? - Catherine , I 'm so sorry . My cell phone 's being monitored . Monitored ? Frank , what 's going on ? I know you can 't tell me the specifics , but are you all right ? Jordan had a nightmare about you . Frank ? Yeah ? - Yeah ? - Getting any sleep , Frank ? Shouldn 't let it keep you from calling Catherine . - You must be pretty tired yourself . - No rest for the weary . All work and no play makes a dull boy . Charlie Two , this is Charlie One . Signature frequency is 8355612.67 . Copy , Charlie One . On the way . What I do is not work , Frank. lt 's art . My palette is fire , glass and blood . It 's a fleeting art - it lasts only a fraction of a second - but the effect is profound . Permanent . And if you 're lucky - you happen to look in the right direction at the right time - you might get to see my creation . - When ? - Later , today . - Got him . - Charlie One , just read a hand-off . Cell 67 and cell 54 . He 's traveling . - The signal indicates southeast . - He 's in a car . Turn left now . I touch people in a deep , lasting way . - A life-altering way . - You 're really a very important man . Well , thank you , sirrah . I 'm glad you see that . Do you know precisely what happens at the moment of detonation ? Shock waves moving faster than the speed of sound . Pressure of over 500 pounds per square inch . And this is all unleashed by me , Frank . It moves so fast that a vacuum is formed behind it , sucking back all the air that 's been forced out by the blast . So you see , Frank , a glass splinter will literally turn itself around , go back and penetrate anything that 's in its path . I just don 't know anything that has power to stop that . My art brings out the truth . People are either victors or victims . My explosion strips every hypocrisy , every pretension sheltered in the human heart - and exposes the naked soul . - More time . I feel your work is about waiting . Anticipating the moment . The terror created . Playing so long in the mind , the fantasy becomes dull . The only moment worth a damn ... the only arousal is the moment of fire . Feel the heat upon your face . The impact upon your chest . The screams . The sirens . It is the moment of creation . Charlie Two , lock onto 835567 . Help me find him . Signal 's real strong in cell 46 . That 's two blocks northwest . Turn right on Illinois . You 're an artist too , Frank . - He 's close . - At nine o 'clock this morning , I hope you 'll appreciate my work . - Lost the signal . - Give me that number . He won 't bite . - Somewhere out here is a bomb . - And we got three hours to find it . From the suspect 's cellular phone activities , we 've extrapolated the probable path of his vehicle prior to 5 : 17am . It puts him near this two-block area of shops and businesses that might fit his pattern of attack . Red team will be searching the northwest section of Columbia to 13th . Blue team will start at Franklin and 5th , move west to Marian Avenue . We are looking for any suspicious packages . Building managers have been notified . They will help to determine if anything is out of place or if there 's any sign of a break-in . We 've informed teams if they see anything that might be a bomb , do not be a hero . Note the location and alert the bomb squad . - We got two and a half hours . - Let 's go . - Frank , you don 't look too good . - l 'm all right . - l 'll sleep after we find him . - At least we 've determined the search area . It 's not enough , Pete . All this manpower . I could save so many lives if I understood what he wants . We all heard him , Frank. lt 's the thrill . Sexual transference . It 's more . His thrills wear out quickly . First he alerts the authorities there 's a bomb . After a day , he needs more . So he has to contact us , taunt us to the point of near-capture . - What will he do to increase his excitement ? - What if it 's some God complex ? He talked about his creation , about controlling people . What I can 't get out of my head is when he stated I 'd be famous when I caught him . A star. lt lies in there somehow . What a nightmare ! Traffic was backed up to 4th Street . - lt took an hour to move five blocks . - There was a bomb scare . Giving every nut with a phone the power to shut down business . Jack , this is Frank . Send the bomb squad to 2300 Oglethorpe . North of the parking structure on Maryland . You 've got 15 minutes . Time to evac ... Just warming up . Third floor . Get out of here ! Come on , move ! Help him . There 's a bomb ! Keep moving . There may be another bomb . Go , go ! Get back ! It 's all right. I 'll get you out of here alive . Frank ? Frank ? We had such a bad phone connection , I thought I 'd connect in person . - Jordan ? - Amy has her for the weekend . When I got the call , I got so scared . I heard you that night , Frank , on the phone . Doctor Bowman says you have a mild concussion . But it 's not your body healing that worries me . It 's your spirit . You should know that for every dark soul that you connect with , there is a bright one . The man that pulled you out of the building . He came by to see how you were . I don 't remember . He 's been on every channel this morning . A 49-year-old unidentified man went berserk ... - Total commitment ? - Yeah . Total commitment ... His name is Raymond Dees . What was your reaction when you saw the bomb ? I had a flash of fear like everybody else , but I kept my head because I knew I had to get everybody out of there . What would you say to whoever did this ? What I 'd like to say , I won 't out of respect for the people out there . But I would like him to know that we 're notjust victims and we will find him . How does it feel to be a star ? I just did what anybody else in my place would have done . Kaboom . You want to bring him in because he was a hero - twice ? - That 's him. I know it . - Frank . After Centennial Park , there is no way that I could bring him in without more evidence . The bomber has expert knowledge of explosives . He knows precisely what and how much to use to create the effect he wants . There were two explosions today . Neither matched the lethal intensity of the Queen 's Arms bombing . Lethal enough to kill five people . But not so destructive that a person couldn 't survive - especially if he knew when and how the force would dissipate . Raymond Dees is a maintenance worker in that building . He has the knowledge and opportunity to place those devices where it would best suit him . He watched the first bombing from a distance . He believed that watching the chaos which he created would be the thrill . But he needed more - to smell it , to touch it , to participate in the aftermath . - But that wasn 't enough either . - So he placed himself within his chaos . It wasn 't enough to watch others . He needed to watch himself . A real star . He killed 18 people so he could be on Good Morning America ? Killing wasn 't the motive . It was a by-product of his obsession . I ran a check on Raymond Dees . He served a stint in the military . Middle East . Explosives specialist . Clear ! Bedroom clear , sir . He left in a hurry . - Nothing there . - Agent Pierson ? In here , sir . There 's something I think you should see . This was all on when we came in . He 's still listening to us . That 's my cell phone number . - One Baker Six , what 's your 20 ? - 1087 at 273 Lamont Avenue . Over . He knew we were coming . Could be anywhere by now . Half of America knows what he looks like . Looking at these materials , it 's possible he may have another one . Frank , you should still be in the hospital . Get the hell out of here . We 'll have forensics go through all this evidence . Go . Thank you . Yeah ? Raymond ? Where are you ? Been waiting on you , Frank . We have a situation at the parking lot . Block off access. I want sharpshooters now ! I know , Frank . You probably feel like I feel . You can 't move . You 're just waiting . You know it 's gonna end , but you don 't know how . I know . The suspect is a man we believe has killed 18 people . You got a clean shot , you take it . Raymond , do you know precisely what happens at the moment of detonation ? - You know I do . - No , you don 't . The moment this bomb explodes , you lose your power . You lose your control . Raymond , you 're a hero . A star . - Are you gonna throw that all away ? - No . You 're trying to take it away from me . I 'm getting it back . And I 'll be very clear about something . People will know who I am . Got a clean profile . Wait . He 's holding a transmitter in his hand . - Muscle spasm might set it off . - Go for the medulla oblongata shot . Take him out . - Frank . - What ? I 've seen it . The moment before . Their faces . They 're terrified . Because they don 't understand . Unlike you , Frank . They don 't understand what it is to give yourself over to chaos . But you understand . You 've seen it too . I can tell . B-pillar 's blocking my shot . You 're gonna have to take it , Alpha Two . It 's time , Frank . Raymond , don 't . Raymond . Frank , we checked it over twice . No sign of explosives in either car . He told me he knew how it was gonna end . He controlled the whole thing right from the start , including the method of his execution . He was right . He got it all back . And we helped him . People are gonna know his name . Are we on yet ? Are we on ? OK. I 'm running . And the violence that began 75 hours ago ends in violence tonight as the suspect , Raymond Patrick Dees , was killed by police sharpshooters . The alleged bomber - a maintenance worker in the Haddon Tower - was heralded as a hero as he pulled victims out of the blast area and into safety . With his death , the reasons behind the bombings may never be known . Visiontext Subtitles : Sue Whitfield US english
