 I love the opening of this movie . I love the way the Universal logo goes backwards , I think it 's so subversive . My name is Paul Anderson and I wrote and directed Death Race , and I also produced it with Paula Wagner and Mr Jeremy Bolt , who is sitting beside me . Hello , my name is Jeremy Bolt . We actually have messed around with the studio logo once before when we did Event Horizon and something we really enjoy . Messing with the corporate logo . Yeah , not messing with the corporation , but messing with their logo . We first became involved in Death Race 14 years ago . Roger Corman had seen our very first movie called Shopping , which was Jude Law 's first film , it was the first time he was in front of a camera , which I 'd written and directed and Jeremy had produced . And Roger saw it at the Tokyo Film Festival , where he was one of the judges , he very much liked it . And he bought it for release in America . By which point I 'd actually made another movie , which was my first American movie , Mortal Kombat . And that came out , was a big hit , was number one . And on Monday after our number one opening , I went to go have lunch with Roger to talk about his plans for the release of Shopping . And he said to me , " It 's great , kid , " you 've got a number one movie . What do you want to do next ? " And I said , " Well , Roger , I really wanna kind of remake , " re-imagine one of your old movies , Death Race 2000 . ' ' And he said . " That 's great , kid , we 'll make it your next movie . ' ' And in typical Hollywood development fashion , it then took us 14 years to get the film made . We went through several different iterations of Death Race . The first , this was about probably a decade ago , was a much more futuristic version of the movie , it was called Death Race 3000 . So it was set in the far future , and the cars , obviously , were much more futuristic . We had hovering cars . We had invisible cars . We had transformer cars . It was all very much like the pod race from Star Wars : Episode I , - but a whole movie of it . - It was also a race around the world , rather than a track on an island , in a prison in America . And I think , you know , that movie , as well as everyone reading the script and thinking it was probably going to be the most expensive movie ever made , which was one reason why it didn 't get made . It also seemed to lack a certain intensity , and that 's when we started thinking about having a more contained race . Finished . Give me the napalm ! Nothing works ! I started to imagine the movie more as a prequel to Roger Corman 's Death Race 2000 , rather than a sequel . One of the things that fascinated me about Roger 's movie was how was it that the Death Race had become the national sport of America . 'Cause clearly it had a much more kind of gritty , underground start to it , and it had kind of grown into this huge event . So I became very fascinated with the idea of the genesis of the Death Race . And that 's really what we put onscreen here . Although , you know , the year 2000 has come and gone , obviously . Roger 's movie felt much more futuristic , so in my mind , the events of our movie take place probably 15 to 20 years before the events of Roger Corman 's movie . But obviously , you know , the Frankenstein character is still the crowd favourite . The other thing is that the tremendous growth in reality television , which has only really happened in the last 10 years . You know , you could actually see something like the Death Race happening within about five or six years . And when we first started development , reality television hadn 't taken off . So it feels more grounded in reality , because of that . Also , we kind of changed the way we wanted to shoot the movie . I think , you know , 10 years ago , we were all in love with CG , and we developed a very CG-heavy movie . And you know more recently , we 've become obsessed with trying to deliver things as practical as possible . And that we saw as one of the big challenges of this movie , was to develop and film the most spectacular car stunts we could but do it all practical , have no CG cars in the movie . Have everything as practical as possible . Which is a great idea . It 's very , very difficult . I mean , there were moments during the shoot when I thought , " Wow , I wish we were doing CG . " It would have made life a hell of a lot easier . ' ' And it 's credit to our amazing stunt team , and our special effects team that we were able to pull it off . It 's very difficult to go back to The French Connection . I mean , you really have so much respect for those old ' 70s movies , where they had to do it all for real . But also the nature of those movies , the way they were covered , quite often you would have the cameras at the side of the roads , just panning with the action . And I think audiences have become more used to being immersed in the action right now . You need the camera in the middle of it , in the thick of it , and that required us to develop a lot of very specialised rigs , so that we could get the camera in the middle of the action without killing the camera crew or the guy who is driving the car . So there was a lot of practical challenges on this film . And it really meant that we spent a year in preproduction in Montreal , where we shot the whole film , developing these rigs and developing the car races and all the stunts so that they could be executed , in a spectacular fashion but in a very safe fashion . I just love this shot here , Paul . Jason , so iconic with the flames behind him . He was actually so close , he really burnt his ass on that shot . Yeah , this was all shot in a steel mill , just outside of Montreal , and it was very difficult to shoot in . You couldn 't really move around very much , 'cause they 're very , very dangerous places . And we had to wait for the steel to pour , and it would only pour once every hour and a half . And they could never really tell you exactly when the pour was going to happen . So we just had to , basically , wait with Jason , and then we will be told , about two minutes beforehand , " It 's gonna happen , " so we 'd rush to get Jason into position . And we had given him the perfect safe place to stand , we had discussed with all the guys who worked at the steelworks , so that the shot , no visual effect , he could actually be in the same shot with this super hot steel , which , if you got just a speck of it on you , I mean , it would burn its way straight through your skin . And I think because they were excited that Jason was there , they gave us an extra large bucket of steel . Normally , it was just a small amount of slag that would pour out of this bucket , but on this occasion , as you can see in the film , it was like a whole lake of burning steel . And it looked spectacular , but Jason , he definitely felt the heat . That 's for sure . I love the steel mill sequence . It again has an echo of a ' 70s movie . A little bit of The Deer Hunter . It 's also not perhaps what you 're going to expect when you come to see Death Race , and it grounds our character in a reality , in an America with an industrial heartland , but where people are losing their jobs , where the economy is in trouble . Yeah , the movie is set in a kind of mythic city . It 's somewhere in the American Rust Belt , but we never specify where exactly it is . Although we shot the movie in Montreal , the inspiration , visually , was very much cities like Detroit and Pittsburgh . You know , that classic American Rust Belt . Though interestingly , we found the best industrial decay that we could was in Montreal . You know , we looked at those cities , Detroit , Pittsburgh , we looked at New Jersey . We even looked at Eastern Europe , 'cause I felt that there would be a lot of big industrial decay there . So we looked at Poland . But the best and biggest abandoned industry we could find was actually in Montreal . And one of the reasons for that , although Montreal is a very beautiful city , it is actually like the Canadian city of culture , one of the reasons why they have all these crumbling industrial works , which you 'll see later in the movie , was that they had like a terrorist problem in the 1970s . Some of the Quebecois were fighting for independence , and so they were taking hostages , people were being kidnapped . And a lot of big business just pulled out of Quebec , and pulled out of Montreal and moved to Toronto . So , you had all these abandoned industrial works that had been empty since the 1970s . And that gave us the backdrop for what we needed . He 's just awesome , Jason , look at that anger . I mean , Paul , you love the industrial wastelands as well . I mean , going back to Shopping , the opening of our first movie has a kind of Blade Runner - like industrial wasteland shot . And that top shot we 've just seen again has that echo . I grew up in the north of England and in the midst of a lot of big industrial decay . So , it 's a look I like a lot . And this movie does have a lot of echoes of our first film . You know , our first movie we made very cheaply in the UK , but it was a dystopian tale of young kids who stole cars and engaged in car chases with the police just for kicks , and then , would kind of loot department stores . That 's why it 's called Shopping . Because they would drive a car through a store window and go in and just kind of loot the store . We did a lot of what we felt were spectacular cars stunts back then , although we had to kind of shoot them in a couple of hours . And it was very different for the British film industry at the time , 'cause the British film industry was just making a lot of art movies , or a lot of movies about sexually-repressed butlers in the 1930s . So Shopping was a slick and sexy-Iooking film . But we didn 't quite have the budget to pull off what we wanted . And it 's interesting kind of viewing , watching the two movies back-to-back , Shopping and Death Race , because there are definitely some ideas we took from Shopping and put into this movie . Only this time , instead of having to shoot the stunt scenes in two hours , we would take an entire week to shoot some of them . But certainly the backgrounds , you know , the abandoned industrial works , the flame , the smoke , the steam , it 's very influenced by our earlier work . She is a good actress , this girl . I mean , it 's very important to us when we make our films , that even the smaller parts we cast as well as we possibly can , given the budget restrictions . There 's nothing worse , I think , than watching a movie with big actors and big movie stars , and then suddenly , there 's a small part and there 's a bad actor . It really just lets the whole film down . And I was very pleased to find this girl in Canada . She 's an excellent actress . That baby was a good actor , too . Let 's go crazy . Something smells good . Honey ? Suzy ? Stay on the ground ! Stay on the ground . All of these flash cuts here and the vari speed , again this was all in camera . I wanted to give the movie a kind of organic feel . So although you can kind of have this kind of effect and do it in postproduction , I wanted to do everything in camera , so it had a slightly more kind of physical , organic feel to it . Although it is stylish , I didn 't want it to feel too stylised . And six months later , and Jase is off to prison . And it 's Christmas , just to add to the poignancy of the situation . I love Christmas movies . Originally , we had a Christmas carol playing here . That 's why the radio was in the front of the bus . So this bridge , it 's the Ice Bridge . It 's a fantastic , narrow bridge that actually exists in Montreal . It is one of the reasons we wanted to go there . Yeah , it 's two km long , that 's just over a mile . A mile and a third , and it is across the St Lawrence , and the idea was it was built to block ice from coming down into the harbour in Montreal . But by the time the construction was finished , global warming had meant that they didn 't have an ice problem any more . It never iced over . So it had become a bit of a white elephant . And they were just using it basically as a bicycle path to cross the waterway . So we closed it down for several nights and we did a whole series of kind of stunts . Quite spectacular stunts there . So it was a great location . And in the distance , you can see the island , and that is one of the few visual effects shots , big visual effect shots in the movie , is the creation of this island , because obviously the island doesn 't exist . Although the bridge exists and the locations on the island , the island itself is completely CG . Yeah , where the bus arrived , that 's actually a real prison . Decommissioned now , but it 's a real prison . And they also shot a sequence from Catch Me If You Can there . Jason in awesome shape . He worked so hard with our trainer ... Logan Hood . Logan Hood who was one of the guys who trained all the actors for 300 , and Jason got in amazing shape for this movie . He dropped to 6 % body fat . I think when he started with us , he was at about 18 to 20 % body fat . He 'd just kind of shot a movie in London , and anyone who 's been to England will know , you know , the diet over there is quite heavy on beer and pies . So it 's not conducive , as Jason would say , to a movie where you want to take your top off . So he took three months to get in phenomenal shape , and very strict diet , very strict exercise regime . And what Logan said , who 's the 300 trainer , he said basically , the way the guys in 300 looked after they had worked out , then had all their abs painted on , and they had still done a bunch of visual effects on top of that , that 's the way Jason looked for real . Yeah , his body is totally for real , no steroids , no visual effects . The inspiration for this ... - And no special lighting , even . - No . We 've just very kind of flat lighting on him . We weren 't trying kind of to light his body in any special way . We wanted a kind of lean Robert De Niro in Cape Fear look . So you would believe this is a guy who 's been in and out of prisons all his life . The body and the tattoos . Yeah , I mean , there was a line in the script that described Jason 's character as McQueen cool and Bronson hard . And I think Jason is one of the very few actors who are working in Hollywood right now that really has that '70s tough guy anti-hero vibe . This is a scene that we cut out of the theatrical release of the movie . 'Cause we felt it kind of pre-empted the confrontation with Pachenko in the mess hall a little bit . Although I love Jason 's line here . I think it is very funny . I also felt it was undermining the Aryan Brotherhood , because , you know , he beats three of them up here , then he beats them up in the mess hall . And I think that was all working against Pachenko being a really credible adversary . 'Cause I think in movies like this , your heroes can only be as good as the villains and the adversaries they have to fight . Talking of which , here 's Joan Allen . Inspired by a real prison warden . Yeah , well , when we were developing the movie , I mean , I was aware that we were making kind of three movies in one . We were making a car race movie , we were also making a prison movie , and we were kind of making a war movie because of all the machine guns . And the prison movie aspect of it , you know , there have been so many great prison movies , and they always have great warders . In movies like Escape from Alcatraz , Shawshank Redemption , Cool Hand Luke . And I was wondering , you know , how can we get away from that ? How can we avoid the comparisons to those characters ? 'Cause they were so well done . And I thought one of the ways to do it which would be fresh and original is to have the warden as a woman . 'Cause , there are plenty of female wardens in reality . It is just it 's never been put on film before . And also I thought how original to make the villain of the movie a woman , because that rarely happens as well . Oh , yeah , I saw him race years ago . He 's good . Did some time upstate . Jason and I , when we were in preproduction , we went to Corcoran prison to do a little bit of research . Corcoran is the toughest prison in California . It 's where they send the kind of the worst of the worst . So in a way , this prison is styled upon Corcoran . And that is where we came up with the idea for the " Warning - No warning shots " sign , which I like very much . That was just taken straight from Corcoran prison . And they said that , you know , if a fight breaks out , they tell everyone to get down and then they just start shooting , because if you 're still standing up at that point , you are up to no good . It is a tough , tough prison . Tough people in it , and they have tough measures to keep them in line . It 's a big gang prison as well . We really tried to respect the separation of people by gang in prison as well . Yeah , I mean , prison life is all about gangs . It 's which gang you belong to . And even if you don 't want to , you are forced to join a gang . So you 're the wife killer . Takes a big man to kill a woman . I suppose you rape kiddies , too . You hear that , everyone ? Guy kills women . Rapes kiddies . What do you think we ought to do about that ? We wanted to keep the fighting in the movie very fast , very realistic , very brutal . So the fight scenes are relatively short , and we staged them in a very realistic manner . I was very aware that Jason was coming off a franchise like The Transporter , where he had done a lot of martial arts . And the first time I sat down with Jase , you know , I was very clear about the fact that we 're not making a martial arts movie here . I didn 't want any of that kind of stuff in the movie . The idea is that Jensen Ames is a tough guy , and he has some street skills , but it is very much a street fighting movie . But right now , that 's the least of your problems . The warden does bad things to people that mix it up with the drivers . Yeah , the actor who plays Pachenko , who we just saw , we cast him based on this audition tape he sent us , which is very , very unusual , when you cast a movie . But he sent us a tape . He was in Poland , I think . And the audition tape was so fantastic , which he had filmed himself , that we cast him off it . And that 's pretty amazing . I think he has got a very big future , that guy . But the men you 've provoked ... Well , let 's just say , Mr Ames , that the life term you joined us for may be a lot shorter than you think . I understand . Tradition . I love Hennessey 's office . It 's very kind of Ayn Rand . Little model of the prison there on the right . - Camera right . - Yeah , sorry . I think it 's just great , Paul , that we got Joan Allen in this film . - I mean , she 's such a great actress . - Yeah , Joan was our first choice for the role . I thought we were going to have to , like , jump through a lot of hoops to get her in the movie , because , obviously , she 's , you know , three-time Oscar nominee , and she 's won so many awards . And she just really , really responded to the script , and really responded to the character , 'cause she felt it was a very grounded character . And also , I think she wanted to play something completely different . She had never played a villain like this , and ' cause as I said before , you know , that how many times is the villain in a big movie like this actually a woman . So she was very excited about it . I flew to New York , and I thought I was going to have to persuade her to be in the film . All we did was sit down , have a cup of tea , and by the time we 'd finished the cup of tea , she was in . His return to the track is highly anticipated , and therein lies my problem . No one knows yet , but poor Frank died ... I mean , having an actress on her level in your film , it makes everything that much more believable . She grounds it , she has such gravitas . Yeah , the idea behind Terminal Island , although it 's not completely explained at the start of the film ... It was in earlier drafts of the script , but we felt it was too much information to give away at the start of the film , it was too much text . But we felt the way the Death Race had come about was that there had been a riot at Terminal Island , like a prisoner revolt , and it had been broadcast live using not only helicopter press cameras and press cameras from outside the prison , but also using the closed-circuit camera system within the prison itself . And what people had seen was like several inmates and the couple of prison guards being killed live on national television . And this had led to massive , massive ratings , and also had made Terminal Island famous . So the following year , the same network that had broadcast the riot then instituted a series of cage fights within the prison . And then that pretty much leads into what was described at the start of the film . I might surprise you . Really nice cinematography here . Our director of photography , Scott Kevan , this was the first time I had worked with him . We used him because we really liked a movie he had shot called Stomp the Yard . And if you 've seen that film , I mean , it 's a dance film , but the dance scenes have such visceral impact . I mean , they feel so brutal that I thought , wow , if this guy can kind of make dancing feel this exciting , and this potentially violent , imagine what he can start to do with fight scenes and with car scenes . So we really wanted to , kind of , let him loose on an action movie . But it 's a magnificent achievement from Stomp the Yard to this . I mean , this was a huge lighting challenge . He was lighting some of the stretches of racetrack at night . I mean , there was over a mile that he was having to light , which is a big challenge coming from , having come from a movie ... I mean Stomp the Yard was probably the biggest movie he had done at that point . Yeah , I think he also did Cabin Fever , but that was obviously a much lower budget . He 's a very gifted DP . I mean look at the lighting there , it 's just fantastic . Now , we built this set in an abandoned railway factory in Montreal , and this was really our principal location for the film . And this railway factory was huge , it was about a mile long . So we managed to find locations to build the auto shop , which is here . The interior cell block , we built here as well . And a lot of the racetrack is here . Either racing between the buildings or racing inside the buildings . We also had our production office here . And in fact , our production office is in a lot of the shots . You know , you can see where we can kind of prepped and planned the whole movie from . Fred Koehler , channelling a bit of the Rain Man there . Ian McShane , which , being British , it was fantastic to have lan in our film , because he is a huge actor in Britain , and recently , since really Sexy Beast , seems to have become a huge star in the States . Again a brilliant actor . This is Frank . I 'll show you around . We have a fully functioning auto shop , just like you 'd find in the outside world . Each team has their own shop . We don 't help them . They don 't help us . To the inmates , you 're Jensen Ames , the new grease monkey . Nobody will know you 're Frank except us on the team and a handful of the guards . Jacob Vargas on the right playing Gunner . We saw him in this movie Bobby , and he was very , very good in that . And again , we just tried to surround Jason with as many really strong , good actors as possible , even in the smaller parts . We really worked hard on that in this film . Casting took a long time . That 's a good question . Just in general , preparation for the film was very long and very elaborate , because once we had found these locations , we then had to kind of tool all of the race scenes to the locations , so that the cars could really interact with these fantastic big warehouses that we had found , with pillars and , you know , with bridges and things like that . So , you know , we changed a lot of the script to fit the location , which put us back about six months . But I think we got a much better movie out of it because of that . ... there 's a 250 hp NOS unit . Just in case . Then we had some fun customising ... Mustang , the Monster . We wanted cars that were ... People could relate to . Yeah , I mean , I wanted people to drive down a freeway and recognise all of the cars from the movie . So that you could really imagine , " Wow ... ' ' You drive past a Mustang , and you can really imagine how it could be fitted out with these machine guns and with the armour plating . It 's certainly one of my fantasies whenever somebody cuts me up on the freeway , it 's like I always imagine , " God , wouldn 't it be great " if I had a rocket launcher mounted to the front of my car . ' ' There was an earlier draft where we had Ferraris and Lamborghinis . But not only would that have been extremely expensive , we just felt that ... - It was just too exotic . - Yeah , exactly . And we felt that people wouldn 't be able to relate to them as much as you know , a Dodge Ram , a Chrysler 300 , the Mustang . Even the slightly more exotic cars like the Porsche . I mean , it 's an old Porsche , you can pick up one of those for just a few grand . And that was the thing is , we would buy some of these cars , really , for just a few thousand dollars . But then , each of the cars , we 'd spend probably $ 200,000 on doing the car up . Pretty much we had to take away the entire bodywork , and replace it with real armour plating . It is obviously very thin in the movie . But it is all real metal . None of the original bodywork is left . The interior of the car , you can see here has roll cages been put in for protection of the stunt drivers . The suspension had to be altered to make it a rally suspension , because the road surfaces were very uneven . The axels quite often had to be beefed up because of all the extra weight that was added by the armour plating and the machine guns . The engines had to be replaced or completely tuned up , again because of the weight . We still wanted the cars to be high-performance , even while carrying all this extra stuff in them . So it was a long process to manufacture the automobiles . So again as Jeremy said earlier , this is a real prison yard . All the exterior shots in the prison are in a real prison , that was decommissioned about 10 years ago . All the interior shots , we would do in different locations , or we would have to build . That 's because they had a big asbestos problem inside the prison . So we weren 't actually allowed to go inside any of the buildings . ... and help with the running of the car . I 'd like to talk to her ahead of time , before the race . Yeah . I 'd like a big-tittie girl to lick peanut butter off my toes . That ain 't gonna happen . It 's still a prison , man . She 's a chick . Jacob giving us some well-earned humour . Yeah , Machine Gun Joe is the only one that has a male navigator . 'Cause he 's gay . Actually , it 's ' cause he goes through them so fast , the audience gets squeamish . Yeah , he goes through them . Through their ass . He cuts each kill into his skin as a souvenir , right here . What about the rest of the drivers ? I think the interior of the cars have quite a unique look to them . It was something we struggled with for ages . And in the end , what we did was , we basically just took away a lot of the kind of dashboard , a lot of the kind of plastic that you see in a normal car . We just took it away and what you 're seeing inside the cars is a lot of the wiring , and original lights and everything . So that , kind of , if you deconstruct a car what you get is what you see inside these cars . ... the Hindu goddess of death , Kali , - and that he is her messenger . - Cuckoo . Some of you might recognise Robin Shou , who plays 14K . He starred in my very first American movie , Mortal Kombat . And we worked with him , he had a small role , a cameo role in a movie we produced called DOA . And we love Robin , and we always wanted to work with him again , and I pretty much wrote this role for him . - Used to race for NASCAR . - Yeah , he was good , too . And also the thing about Robin is , he just doesn 't age . He looks exactly the same now as he did 15 years ago , when I first worked with him . And he had pretty much the same hair for the last 15 years as well . He has this very long , luxuriant , kind of , rather 1980s hair , I always think . So , although I wrote the role for him , I also wrote the role so that he had to shave his hair off , which he did willingly . But I think it gives him a pretty unique look . You hear a lot . Who 's the new fish ? Tyrese is great . We really enjoyed working with Tyrese . He 's got a great attitude . He is very funny . He 's a very good person to have around on set . ... the ugliest motherfucker in this prison , yo . Funny , huh ? You tell Frank when you see him . This race is between me and him . This time won 't be no infirmary . It 'll be the morgue . Tyrese and his whole crew . There are a lot of gangs in the movie . So Tyrese has his own gang , Pachenko has his own gang , 14K has his own gang . And to kind of get that gang feeling going , what I would do is I would keep the groups separate , and rather than giving any of the actors who are with a particular gang boss direction , I would always allow the actors who are in charge of that gang to direct their own gang . And so that they would appear much more like the leader . And I kind of encouraged that all the way through the shoot . So what you got was , you got Pachenko 's gang , they all would just hang out with him . Even when we weren 't shooting they would be hanging out with him during lunch for example . They 'd go out together at night , and I think it really helped enhance the , kind of , slightly ... The edgy gang feel . So when some of these gangs kind of brush up against one another , you know , they really don 't get on , 'cause they kind of kept themselves to themselves . That was very smart of you , Paul , to do that . - I didn 't even know you were doing that . - Yes , I did that . Remarkable method . Method direction . - Yeah . - Another good CG . Saved me having to give them any direction . - And of course ... - Tricks of the trade . What we realise is ... Most actors do want to direct anyway , so Max Ryan who played Pachenko , and Tyrese , I mean , they just rose to the occasion magnificently . I think it ended up costing us quite a bit of money though , because Tyrese never wanted to do anything without his gang . He so much liked having them around him , so we would end up having to have his gang in every single scene he was in . Now you tell me . Jason Clarke , excellent as Joan Allen 's sidekick . Jason Clarke 's in a TVshow Brotherhood , with a very good friend of ours Jason Isaacs . So it was kind of fun to work with him on this . This is my favourite shot in the film , Paul , it 's just so iconic . We worked very hard on that mask . To make it something different . You know , different from the original movie . But also , you know , once you start putting masks on people 's faces , I mean , there 's a danger it , kind of , becomes a bit too comic booky superhero . So we didn 't want him to look like Daredevil or Batman . But then equally , he 's got a tough look . But you don 't want him to look like Jason Voorhees either . So , that kind of organic look to the mask is something that resulted from , I think we probably developed 20 or 30 different looks for the mask and eventually ended up on this one . And the idea is that it is a rusted , beaten , piece of metal that 's been actually beaten out in one of the auto shops . So it has kind of a creepy feel to it , but also a very organic and real feel . He 's all yours . Don 't talk to the other drivers . Frank never did . The racing stripe on the side of the costume was very much inspired by Steve McQueen in Le Mans . Yeah , in Le Mans , McQueen wears a white outfit with a stripe . So we basically took the same design for the costume , but changed all the colours . You see at the end of the raceway there , there are lots of containers , shipping containers , they are hiding beautiful Montreal . And we found that a very cost-effective way to create our racetrack . So we would just rent a lot of shipping containers , paint those Chevron 's on them , and they would block out bits of the city that we didn 't want to see . I love that guy standing there with his tongue . - His tongue , yeah . - Just fantastic . Natalie Martinez . Beautiful girl . I was a little worried we weren 't going to get this shot of Natalie , because ... - This shot ? - Yeah , because when we were shooting it , I looked up and much to my horror , I discovered that the camera operator who was in the perfect position to get the shot of Natalie 's bum was actually a woman . And I thought , oh no , now , I 'm going to have to go over there and be very sexist and tell her , " Remember to pan down and get Natalie 's ass . ' ' But fortunately she did it magnificently . A good camera operator knows what to do . Don 't sweat it . I know . I drove with Frank . I 'll watch your back . That scar on Natalie 's face , I love . We actually lit ... We changed the lighting slightly to , kind of , bring it out . It 's not really as prominent as it appears , but that 's a real scar . And she got it when she was a little kid , and I think it was her uncle who had all these cocks , and she went into the backyard and one of them just came at her . And she was very lucky not to lose an eye , but she ended up with that very distinct scar on her face , which I think is fantastic . I think it gives her so much character . How the hell did he drive in that thing ? What ? You 're better looking than the last Frank . A few crashes should change that . Joan Allen 's high-tech control room . I wanted like a high-tech cocoon within all the crumbling industrial decay . One of the fun things about this location is that everything was really in place . You know , that control room we built , it really looks over the auto shop in the back . And through the windows at the front , you really see the starting grid . So , again it kind of saved us . Traditionally , you would build that as a set , and then you would have to do visual effects for the shots through the window . I 'm so glad we did it practically . Access to over 100 live camera feeds . This whole thing is very much inspired by real pay-per-view events that you can see . Like HBO boxing and things like that . We just kind of wanted to take it to the next level . ... featuring four-time winner Frankenstein . Three-time winner Machine Gun Joe . Pachenko . Travis Colt . Audience favourite Frankenstein resumes his bitter grudge match with Machine Gun Joe . Frankenstein returns to the track after a six-month absence . They 've missed him . He 's the man that just won 't die . Twelve million hits on his angle alone . He hasn 't even started the engine . We 'll do 45 million viewers today . So , what are you in for ? They say I killed a cop . - Did you do it ? - Yeah . I love the wreck-tech feel of the interior of these cars . You know , the seats they are sitting in are real ejector seats that we took from an old fighter jet . Frank , Case , you read me ? The triggers that are on the steering wheel for the guns are actually ... They 're drills . So , it just triggers from electric drills . It 's got a real and rough ready feel to it . I like the bundles of metal cords ... - Well , we found those in scrap metal yards . - Yeah . A lot of the movie , our production designer , Paul Austerberry , did a fantastic job of just basically combing scrap metal yards , and finding interesting items that we could buy for next to nothing to kind of use . And those steel bundles were very important , obviously , to kind of protect the actors and also the stuntmen from one another . You know , when those cars are driving by at high speed , you know , they really did provide a fantastic crash barrier just in case one of the cars would spin out of control . So glad we left the Chrysler with some orange on it . Really stands out . I 've always seen this movie as much a kind of war movie as a race movie , and I always knew that we would have some very frenetic action scenes and some very fast cutting . I wanted the audience to be able to identify which car was which and who was in which car very , very quickly . So we had to make nine cars , and each one had to have its own separate identity and its own separate profile . And I think we pulled that off . It wasn 't the easiest thing , though . One of the things was ... The Chrysler , for example , is one of the few cars that has a splash of colour . That 's right , there 's the red on the front of the Monster , and the orange on the Chrysler . And Pachenko 's car has a light colour to it . So all the racing stuff you 're seeing here is totally practical . Some of the driving is being done by Jason for real , some of the interior stuff that you 're seeing . Some of it is on a stage with green screen behind them . We did that because it 's very , very difficult to mount cameras on a car and get a real performance out of somebody when there 's dialogue involved . It 's better if it can be a slightly more controlled environment . But then , what we would do is , for a lot of the racing stuff where the cars are just bashing into one another we would actually , physically , have Jason in the car and let him drive down the track and let stunt cars bash into him . Because there was no dialogue involved . Except when it was ... I mean Jason would have done every stunt possible , but there were some things that were so dangerous , I just couldn 't let him do it . Wakey-wakey ! So everything up until this point in the race was in Alstom , which was the train factory we found . At this point , now , we transfer to our second major location , which was an abandoned silo in the harbour of Montreal . What was great about this was it was really a two-kilometre run , so we could really get the cars up to speed . There was water on one side , which allowed me to get a helicopter down nice and low and track with the cars . I know what the hell I 'm doing . What you gonna do ? You can 't go head-to-head with Joe like this . He 'll tear you apart . You read me ? Even when we were doing some of the green screen stuff inside the cars , the cars would all be mounted on hydraulic platforms , so that we 'd really be shaking the cars around a lot . It was very , very violent in there . So , for example , where we had to have a scene where the Monster gets rammed by Joe 's car , we would really shake the car hugely . It was very uncomfortable for the actors and very uncomfortable for the camera crew , 'cause they were strapped to the exterior of the car and they were being shaken around a lot . The camera crew would ... I 've never seen a camera crew wear so many hard hats and so much protective clothing as they did on this movie . It was a tough shoot . I know . I 've seen this race before . These cars are really travelling at speed , as well . I mean , they 're not , as is so often the case , travelling slow , and then we , through the magic of cinema make it look fast . I mean , they were going at 50 , 60 , 70 miles an hour . Yeah , 60 is the kind of magic number that you try and hit , because 60 looks really fast . And interestingly , the difference between 60 miles an hour and 100 miles an hour when you film it , it 's not much . You can 't really tell that much of a difference , but you can sure tell a lot of difference between 50 miles an hour and 60 miles an hour . So we tried to get the cars up to 60 wherever we could . Of course what was very dangerous about this movie was just the locations we were shooting in , the environment . You know , this wasn 't a real racetrack , there were huge big , metal pillars , lumps of concrete , bits of rebar , it was very dangerous for the stunt drivers . - This is so nasty , Paul . - Thank you . I mean , this guy is just being totally crushed . I do like constructing action scenes where it has several levels to it . You think something 's really cool and then something else happens , and then again something else happens . And that 's what I thought about , the spikes , I think it 's so great they come out of the ground and the car hits them . I mean , it 's really satisfying , but what 's even more satisfying than that is when the spikes sink down and kind of chop the car up . We wanted to make each section of the race have its particular character . We were worried that if it was just driving , it would become repetitive , so we introduced these obstacles . It also , I suppose , gives the whole experience a bit of a game feel . Yeah , the idea of the symbols on the ground were definitely to make the race more interactive . So it wasn 't just going around a track , there 's strategy involved . Sometimes , in this race , the worst place to be is up in front because you 're in somebody 's gun sights . But you have to be up in front if you 're going to grab the symbols first . So it added a whole layer of strategy to the race , which I felt was important . And these were , obviously , inspired by power-ups from numerous video games . Again , this is all real machine gun fire . Those are real caltrops dropping out of the back of that car . - This is Grimm 's car , this is all practical . - All real . - There 's no CG here at all . - All real . That was actually a mistake . That car originally was supposed to spin about five feet into the air and hit the bottom of the sign . But when you do things practical , unexpected things happen . And the car ended up going about 30 feet in the air and hitting the top of the sign . Made no sense whatsoever , because the car originally was supposed to just spin out of control and crash . But we ended up with all this fantastic footage of it being 30 or 40 feet in the air , and then we , kind of , backtracked and I came up with the idea that it should be hit by a missile to motivate it flying up in the air like that . So that was kind of a happy accident , bit of film that went wrong and then we ended up with something much more spectacular because of that . We 're streaming to 46 million viewers , ma 'am . Grimm getting splattered there , of course , is a visual effect . Life is not so cheap in Canada that we could do that for real . Offensive weapons are up . It 's on . Now , this is a scene that , again , was cut out of the theatrical version . It 's a scene I like very much , we spent a lot of time shooting it , Natalie was a real sport . She would really lean out of the car , as you can see . There 's no green screen here . I mean , she 's really leaning out of that car , smashing away , trying to free up the jammed shell in the machine guns . But when we cut the whole movie together , we felt a couple of things . One , the race was very long . This first race was about 12 minutes long in the movie . With this scene in it , it was about 15 minutes and just seemed to go on a little too long . Too much good stuff which can be self-defeating after a while . And also there was an element which I just didn 't really believe . I just felt there 's no way she could have been hanging out of that car for so long without getting her head blown off . So painful though it was , we took it out of the movie . And I don 't think you miss it in the finished film , but I 'm very glad to see it back here . - Thank you . - My pleasure . Shield up ahead ! That son of a bitch ! He just stole a shield from Colt ! Defence weapons are on . Those guns on the side of Tyrese , Machine Gun Joe 's Dodge Ram are actually from a helicopter . Yeah , they 're called Vulcan cannons . They 're usually mounted on Black Hawk helicopter gunships . And we had to get a special export licence for these two guns from the American military , because , obviously , they don 't like the guns travelling out of the United States . So it was a big deal to get those guns into Canada . They shoot 6,000 rounds per minute . Huge firepower . And that just gives you a little indication , that shot there with all those shells tumbling . Coach ! The tombstone won 't take much more of this . Frank , Case , those 50 calibre shells will be through the tombstone in a matter of seconds . My advice , either lose him or kill him . - Travis Colt in his racing green Jaguar XJS . - My favourite car . Classic ' 80s car . My father had one . Without the machine guns , obviously . - Get on my lap . - What ? Get on my lap . One of the fun things about this sequence is , originally it was conceived to be done outside , because it was a car on fire , being T-boned , spinning 30 feet into the air . There was no way that we could conceive that this could be done as an interior . And then when we found this location , this train factory in Montreal , I reconceived the race sequence to be inside , 'cause I thought , again , these are some spectacular stunts that have never really been attempted in an interior space . And I think they become even more spectacular when you see them inside . Well , it 's more dangerous , I mean , you 're closer to walls and girders and roofs . - That was all done for real . - Yeah , I mean , if you think about it ... Yeah , that was all real . If that was outside , you lose control of one of the cars , it 's fine , you just kind of spin out . You lose control of one of the cars in this kind of environment , you can hit one of those metal posts at 60 miles an hour , and that is not a happy result . And again , just those cars coming through those doorways , they are travelling at speed , so again , the ... Really fantastic work from the stunt drivers here . Where 's he going ? A shortcut . Punch it . We can beat him . I love Pachenko 's car . I think it 's one of my favourites in the movie . It 's a 1966 Riviera , and I had the idea to give it a chop roof , to lower the roof , which completely alters the lines of the car and gives it that very , kind of , menacing almost tank-like feel . Grimm , Colt and Siad are gone . Six remaining drivers alive . Subscribe to Stage 2 now ! I love the condition this car 's in , it just had the hell kicked out of it . But it 's one of the interesting challenges of the movie is when you do a normal car movie , the car pretty much ... Like a NASCAR movie like Days of Thunder or something like that , or The Fast and the Furious , the car looks the same throughout the race sequence . What was interesting about this film , and I say interesting , but what I really mean is a huge amount of work , is every time a machine gun shot at one of these cars , it would do damage , which meant continuity-wise the damage had to be reflected in the film . And , of course , when you make a movie you shoot things out of continuity . So some days you would be shooting a scene where the car had to be clean , then , in the next shot , because that was from a different scene , the car had to have so many bullet holes in the back , some in the front , some in the side . Then you could do another shot where the damage had to be even greater , then you do a fourth shot and the damage had to be gone completely . So it meant when we were designing the cars , we had to make each of these panels very modular . So that we could lift off , for example , a back tombstone and put a new tombstone on . Because at the start of a shooting day , we might want it clean and then by the end , we might want bullet holes all over the place . And that was a huge challenge . I mean , just to keep track of what the cars should be looking like , and to constantly take these panels off and on . What can I do for you , Mr Ames ? You sure are lucky a driver like me just happened to turn up ... That scene between Ulrich and Statham again is a scene that we took out for the original theatrical version of the movie . I like it . I think it 's a good little character moment between them , but Jason was giving Ulrich so much attitude , I kind of felt that it undermined Ulrich as a villain and as a credible threat to him . So ultimately we took that out . One of the challenges of the film is there are essentially three villains , actually four , Joan Allen 's character , Ulrich , Pachenko , and also the Machine Gun Joe character is not a ... Initially anyway , he 's not a heroic , good character . And managing and maintaining the balance between them all was quite difficult . Yeah , ' cause in a traditional movie structure , you have kind of like ... You have the ultimate villain who tends to be the brains of the operation , like Alan Rickman in Die Hard . And then you have the muscle , who 's kind of like the enforcer character . But to have like four villainous roles in a movie , like Jeremy said , it was a bit of a struggle to make them all work . And all be a credible threat to Jason 'cause Jason is such a strong actor as well and such a strong physical presence . And we found with Ulrich in particular , the head guard , sometimes less was more . You know , he was a very ... He looked very cool . I really liked his look a lot , and sometimes if he said too much , it undermined his threat . So he ended up ... I think he 's a very good force in the movie , but he 's a little more silent in the movie than was originally intended . I wonder what he 'll say when I ask him why he did it . Why don 't you look in a mirror ? Ask him . Poor Piper . It must be hard growing up with that knowledge . That your father killed your mother . That 's great , gun pointed right at his groin . You wanted a monster . Well , you 've got one . The American flag again . Sort of reminds me of Shawshank , some of this imagery . Well , the prison probably dates from roughly the same period as that prison . Although , that was a red brick prison , I think they were constructed at roughly the same time . Yeah . It 's the interesting thing about prisons is really , they perfected locking men away about 200 years ago , and the technology really hasn 't changed at all . And there are plenty of old prisons like this that are still in use . The simple fact is , the world 's changed since I 've been in here . Don 't know it . Don 't much want to . But this ? This I know . The movie has a very de-saturated feel to it , and that 's partly in the digital grade that we did in postproduction . But mainly it 's something that was kind of suggested to me just by the locations . We were shooting in a lot of locations that had been kind of abandoned , and the paint work had been fading for a long time . So it was a very muted colour palette that we were working with in the principal photography . And then I just took that a little bit further in postproduction . So really the only colourful things in the movie are , you know , the end of the movie , obviously , in Mexico , which is a completely different feel . But also in the body of the movie , it tends to just be like the red splash of the blood , the red stripe on the Monster , on Jason 's outfit , and that was a very deliberate choice was to keep those primary colours to a minimum , and really only have punchy colour every so often . Her name was Suzy . Which feeds into your general idea of keeping the film as real as possible , and underlining that wherever you could . She didn 't . Yeah , I didn 't want to impose a kind of a stylised look on the film . That 's what I said to all the heads of department is , I want the movie to look stylish but I don 't want it to look stylised . I don 't want it to look like we 're trying too hard , and I don 't want the filmmaking to get in the way of the audience experience . Sometimes you watch a movie , it 's like the filmmaker is being right in your face . It 's like , " Look at me , I 'm clever , look at this clever camera move . " Look at how stylish this is . ' ' And , you know , I obviously like stylish-Iooking movies , but I wanted it to be stylish without being stylised , without the filmmaking being too obvious . This is one of our few visual effects , 'cause obviously , Tyrese didn 't slice into his own cheek . Much though he is a committed actor . - There is a limit . - Yes , exactly . Understandably so . " Thou shalt not ... ' ' I got this idea of him scarring himself from looking at lot of keloid scars that are very popular amongst certain African warrior tribes , where the keloid scarring is deliberately done to show your position within the tribe and how great a warrior you are . And , you know , I felt that , that was kind of a good look for Tyrese . You know , originally , he marked the kills on the side of his car , like a First World War fighter pilot or a Second World War fighter pilot . And then I thought , how much cooler if he actually marks them on his own flesh . Maybe you 're right . I will take that break after all . Good call . It was freezing cold this night , as you can probably tell from the breath coming out of everyone 's mouths . And this was a fantastic location , the auto shop , but because of all the glass , we really had to ... Normally a scene like this , which is all set at night , you 'd shoot in the middle of the day and you 'd just black out the windows . There were so many windows here that wasn 't possible . So we ended up having to shoot this fight scene all the way through the night . So , a lot of this ... This is tough physical stuff . Jason 's having to do it at 3 : 00 , 4 : 00 in the morning . Looking for me ? And again , he wanted reality , as I did . So that 's a real chain wrapped around his neck . His neck by the end of this scene , it took us two nights to film this fight , Jason 's neck just looked like hamburger . It was really red raw , 'cause that chain had been dragged around his neck so much . We really wanted to make the fight as real as possible , particularly as Jason has done the more martial arts-based fights in Transporter . And for me this , more than any other scene , has that Charles Bronson - feel , that streetfighter sense to it . - Yeah , absolutely . Well , I mean ... Jason 's perfect for a remake of Hard Times . That 's nice because that 's an unexpected beat . I mean , I think you sense there 's gonna be a fight , you don 't expect the Lists character to come in and help save Jason in that way . Wow . - You know what ? - That ... The head in the vise , I love that . To give away a few filmmaking secrets , I mean , a lot of this set is just made out of rubber . Those shelves that just went down is very , very thin metal . The vise was rubber , that metal box is rubber , as are all the metal pipes inside of it . Again , very kind of thin metallic shelves that he smashed into here . The giant spanner that - Pachenko holds is rubber . - Yeah , the big wrench . And that 's not to say ... I mean , if someone swings at you with a rubber wrench and hits you in the head , it 's gonna hurt , but it 's not gonna send you to hospital . Ulrich too . Again , this is something that was taken away in the theatrical cut . It 's kind of interesting to see it back here , but I felt it was kind of gilding the lily a little bit too much . I thought kind of Pachenko 's admission was enough . And thus having a flashback like this took you out of the movie , and took you out of the intensity of Jason wanting to kill this man . But we thought , what the hey , you 've probably seen the movie already in the theatres , give you the option to see the stuff we took out as well . Let 's save that for the track , huh ? Again , one of the few visual effects shots in the movie . The island didn 't exist . The prison section , though , this is all real . So what we did was , we did a helicopter shot over the prison so you can see the prison courtyard , the star shape of the prison buildings . But in the original photography , all you see are green fields around and some cows grazing . And then , as the visual effect , what we did was took away all the green fields , replaced it with digital water , and then the rest of the island as well is digital . And those shots ... I always knew those shots would be a challenge because so much of the movie is practical . I think if you 're watching a movie and there 's a lot of CG in it , you just get used to it , you take it for granted because it 's part of the visual language of the film . If , however , everything is practical and then suddenly 30 minutes in , you see a big CG shot , it tends to stick out like a sore thumb . So those island shots we really worked hard to make them as photo real as possible . So the visual effects company , Mr X , who 's run by a very good friend of ours , Dennis Berardi , they were working on those island shots even before we started principle photography . So those are very much the product of like a year 's worth of work . I just got to comment on those back pull-ups Jason just did , anybody who works out will know they 're phenomenally difficult and painful . And he really did that , and Paul must have done seven or eight takes . - Yes . - So he probably did 80 , 90 - back pull-ups in that one session . - Yeah . All for real . Yeah , I mean , Jason was so disciplined during this film . I mean , it 's very much his movie . He 's in virtually every scene . So , he would be on set every single day . You know , when you are an actor , the crew call is usually like 7 : 00 in the morning , but the actors have to be there at 5 : 30 or 6 : 00 , so they can go into makeup beforehand . But with him , he 'd want to work out for an hour . So he wasn 't turning up at the set at 5 : 30 , he was turning up at the gym at 4 : 30 or even 4 : 00 . So the guy worked phenomenally hard . Very disciplined , very disciplined in what he ate as well , so he could stay in shape . And towards the end of the movie , he came up to me and said , " Paul , I just can 't wait to eat cake and drink beer . ' ' - And I 'm sure he has done that since then . - He earned it . Also , the tattoos that you see on Jason , we were very careful in our research to get real prison tattoos . And Jason really paid attention to that . And that took a lot of time to put them on . Yeah , every time you see him with his top off , all those tattoos are really the product of two-and-a half , three hours in the makeup chair . Did you kill the old Frank ? What ? Tunnel comes up fast . Remember what happened to the napalm canister ? This is where she remembers what happened to the napalm . Actually , these interior spaces are a real blessing to an action film maker as well , because when you shoot a car chase sequence , one of the hard things that you 're trying to convey is the sense of speed . And if you 're in the outdoors , and you have no terms of reference , it 's hard to convey speed . It 's like when you 're driving in the desert , if you don 't have buildings rushing past you , you 're just out in the desert , you could easily be driving at 90 , 100 miles an hour , and not realise it . You know , you think you 're doing 50 or 60 . What was great about all of these interior spaces , and some of the exterior spaces as well , was all the uprights , all the steel girders that I could have the ... The action vehicle on one side of the steel girders and the tracking vehicle on another , so that the foreground has the steel girders going past , and they did a lot to enhance the sense of speed . Yeah , I mean ... But I can 't praise our stunt team enough . Jack Gill , Andy Gill who is the stunt coordinator , very brave guys . Yeah , and Jack Gill , who was driving the hero car most of the time . I mean , in a way , this movie is a throwback to the 1970s , and movies that we loved , like Bullitt and The French Connection . You know , movies from the ' 80s like Walter Hills ' The Driver . You know , back in those days when there was no CG , if you wanted a spectacular action sequence , it was up to a stunt man strapping himself into a car and doing something spectacularly dangerous , and that 's what we asked of these guys and they really , really delivered . You know , we would have ... For example we built five Mustangs and regularly , at the end of a shooting day , four of the Mustangs , and sometimes all five of them , would be in the auto shop being worked on all night , because we would have destroyed or half-destroyed five cars . Yeah , something like that , where you just slam a car into metal girders . You know , it 's very unpredictable , you can burst tyres the cars can go out of control . There was actually a lot of spectacular stuff that happened that never made it into the movie , because continuity-wise , it didn 't make sense . But quite often , we 'd be shooting a stunt like that and the Mustang would just spin out of control and smash into something . So there was a lot of spectacular stuff left on the cutting room floor . Again , this is all real machine gun fire . We went through a phenomenal amount of ammunition . I think the good folks in Montreal thought the Third World War had broken out a lot of times when we started shooting these battle scenes . He 's too heavily armoured ! If anyone 's interested to go back and look at our first movie , distributed by Roger Corman , it 's called Shopping , available on DVD . You 'll see this same action sequence , but done very , very cheaply . We did it with a van full of policemen and an old BMW , and we shot it in about three hours . It 's nowhere near as spectacular as this , obviously , but it 's kind of the beginnings of the thought process that led up to ... - That sequence . - Yeah , to this sequence . There 's also a similar scene where we had Natalie standing up in the car and throwing the cigarette lighter out that ignited the napalm in the race before this . We did a similar kind of thing , where Sadie Frost stood up in the back of the BMW and started throwing cassette tapes at some pursuing police cars . You know , kind of similar framing , similar ideas , but executed with a lot more vigour in this movie . I love the sound effects in this scene when his hands are crunching on that glass . Yeah . If you look closely though , you can see it 's all plastic and rubber . Very tough Montreal stunt guy there . I was in discussion with our stunt coordinator , Andy Gill , about how to achieve that . You know , to be able to hit a man with a car door , with a speeding car door . 'Cause I was imagining we 'd have to have some rigs , maybe we 'd have to do some visual effect . And he said , " No , Paul , it 's quite simple . We 'll just hit someone with a car door . ' ' And that 's what he did . We did pad the car door with rubber , just to make it a little less impactful . But basically that 's just a man getting slammed by a car door and spinning through the air as a result . He had to do it about five or six times . Okay . I see him . I need guns . Yes . Sword coming up in 50 yards . - What happened ? - I don 't know . Somebody must have grabbed it . Roger Corman 's movie was a very funny movie . I mean , it was a very overt satire , which we 're not , obviously , but we wanted to maintain as much humour as possible . 'Cause although this can be quite a brutal film , it 's also a fun film . - And that was particularly fun . - Yes . And the way that was achieved was , that was a dummy that was kicked out of the car and hit the metal post , and then it had a small amount of CG enhancement . The spray of blood , a little bit of movement on the face . What 's great is , immediately , the new navigator does not want to be in the car . He 'd rather be anywhere else than in that car . Yeah , that usually gets a very good laugh . Release the Dreadnought . And here she is , the Dreadnought . Coach ? A big inspiration for this was clearly The Road Warrior , and the final scene where you have the oil tanker . And we wanted to take that to the next level . And The Road Warrior was a big influence for us , but I think that 's only fair because George Miller , who directed The Road Warrior , has frequently admitted that Death Race was a big influence for him . So in many ways , everything 's come full circle . - Everything goes back to Roger Corman . - It does . So Dreadnought , what does that actually mean , Paul ? Dreadnought was originally a term for an ironclad warship . Back in days when all warships were made of wood , when they started having ironclads , they were called Dreadnoughts , because they were assumed to be indestructible . And that was the kind of feeling that I wanted for this . It 's kind of like a huge , big warship but moves on the land . We also just , again , wanted this section of the race to have something new and unexpected . And it underlines the extent of Joan Allen 's villainy . I mean , this is not a race with fair rules at all . No , it 's a race that 's manipulated for ratings . You sure about that ? Which is why seeing Machine Gun Joe and Jensen outsmart her is fantastic . I really like her grey suits , it 's very Hillary Clinton . Where the hell is that thing going ? This is so bad , what we 're about to do , Paul . This is like Ben-Hur , this is uber Ben-Hur . The wheels ... Yeah , well this is ... You know , that was another big influence to us , was Ben-Hur , and the whole idea of the Circus Maximus as well . You know , the Circus Maximus was the Colosseum , but a bit large , where they would have all the chariot races in ancient Rome . And there 's a great scene in Ben-Hur where they have these spikes on the wheels of the chariots , and that was a big influence for this . Again , there 's no model work there , that shot you saw of the Porsche being dragged behind the Dreadnought , that 's all done full scale , for real . Fuck me . This reminds me of what we did to Colin Salmon in the glass corridor - in Resident Evil I , that moment ... - Yes . ... when he goes , " Shit , " just before he gets diced . Lists . Receiving . I want you to patch me through to another car . On it . We really tried to kind of keep the stuff in the pits as kinetic as possible , in the way that we shot them . So that the interior of the car , and the action sequences , and the pits would kind of seamlessly fit together . So even when we 're shooting in the pits , we have handheld camera . Quite often it 's got a very skinny shutter , even though it 's just dialogue , we 're trying to keep it as exciting as possible . And this stunt coming up is truly spectacular . We only built one Dreadnought , so this was very much a one-shot deal . You know , we could only shoot it the once . And thank goodness it turned out to be as spectacular as it was . Now , this whole thing is for real . Well , it 's all for real , apart from the little men flying off the top . They 're a digital effect , for obvious reasons . Now that you can see this on DVD , I recommend going back and pausing on that shot where the Dreadnought hits the ground , and that guy in the tank turret gets squished . 'Cause you can see a big spray of blood going straight up from the underside of the turret . We had lots of discussions about that stunt , whether we should build a miniature , we actually thought of doing it fully CG , but I 'm so glad we did it for real . Damn it ! Yeah , there 's so much detail in that shot that it would have been very hard to create that as a visual effect . - Specially in daylight . - Yeah , in broad daylight where , you know , the CG tends not to hold up so well . Is this one of these scenes , Paul , which you 'd say sort of echoes Rollerball ? When he 's walking down there . The , " Jonathan ! Jonathan ! " - Yeah , the original Rollerball . - " Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! " Well , I might say that the original Rollerball perhaps echoed the original Death Race . - You might be right . - It 's a scene , I mean , that chanting of Frankenstein is taken from the original movie . You look lost , pal . Not this time . I got this feeling that you and Frank are close . Real close . That weird accent . You even kind of sound alike . All the costumes here are all prison issue gear . In terms of the money we spent on the costumes for this movie , it 's probably the cheapest aspect of the film . Cheapest costume budget of any movie we 've made because we just ordered it all from a prison supplier . And , of course , as you can imagine , prison wear is not that expensive . And also the race gear that all of the drivers wear , although they are allowed to , kind of , wear different stuff for the race , the day of the race , they don 't have to wear standard prison issue stuff , we said to our costume designer , Gregory Mah , you have to make these costumes , the race costumes , from prison wear 'cause that 's all they 're gonna be given access to . So they can dye it , they can cut it up . They can sew bits and pieces together , but everything has to be made from something that 's standard prison issue . And I think that adds to the believability of it all as well . - You want me to kill Frankenstein ? - Don 't be stupid . Frankenstein can 't die . After all , he 's just a mask . This is a sequence that I call Paul 's commercial for building a bomb . - The instructional video . - Yeah . I couldn 't believe how long we were spending on shooting this , I mean , I now see why . It still feels a bit like a commercial . This is the Caesar moment . Joan Allen addressing her inmates . I mean , it 's very much a Roman-Greek gladiator feel to this film . - Well , she is kind of like the evil Caesar . - Yeah . Of course , I mean , the whole idea of prisoners fighting for their freedom does go back to Roman times , and goes back to the gladiators . ... and were too dangerous to live with the rest of us . What is this shit , man ? And the idea also of a society that 's in collapse focusing upon these kind of bloody confrontations . In our version , everyone 's watching it on the Internet while the American economy collapses . In Rome , everyone was going to the Circus Maximus , which would hold a third of the population of Rome at any one time . So literally , a third of the population could be in the Circus Maximus watching chariot races while the Roman economy collapsed . And the empire declined and fell . And the people in the races were slaves or prisoners , ' cause it 's okay to see them kill each other . Same idea here . And it draws inspiration from your courage . No one is ever gonna win five races . So race well ... Nobody is ever getting out of here . This was a tough day , Paul . You remember all that rain ? Yeah , all these close-ups on Statham and McShane , they are very intense but also very necessary . It was raining so hard we had to erect like a big tent over the top of them . But the whole place was flooding , Jason was wearing rubber boots , 'cause he was standing in a huge lake of water . It was a very , very tough day . You can burn me . You can shoot me . But you can 't motherfucking ... There . Nice bit of set dressing , Paul , the little dancing girl on the top of the monitor . Well , I put that there because I thought it was important , when you come back and you see the frozen screen a little later , so you see what they were looking at . So you understand where the idea of escaping through that billboard came from . That you kind of recognise ... You immediately recall this moment . So I thought the more distinct I can make that video recorder and television , the better . So that 's where all those things ... That was right before we shot it , I just grabbed a bunch of stuff from the prop department , and stuck them on that . Oh , this is not good . As much as possible , all of these prison guards that you see standing around were actual real prison guards . So they would have the real kind of attitude and swagger of the real people and add to the reality of the situation . And it also gave the actors someone to talk to , as well , you know . The more they could be immersed in the reality of being in a prison environment , the more people they could talk to , who really worked in prisons , the better . I 've already won three races . I love that word Terminal . I just think it 's so graphic . I love it on the back of all of the jackets . And Terminal Island was actually inspired by the real Terminal Island , which is off the coast of California , it 's off Long Beach Harbour . And it actually , Terminal Island actually has a prison on it and it used to be also a Naval Air Force base . And when that was decommissioned , they used to do drag races on the abandoned runway . And that was where I really got the idea of a prison and a racetrack on an island from . Hey . Thinking you and Frank should have a little talk . It 's very ... Almost like Turner , that shot . Like an oil painting . Seven men dead . Siad ... Well , I think , you know , what I like about kind of big industrial decay like this , is it does have a beauty to it . At least I think so . But then , you did grow up in the northeast of England . Yeah . If you didn 't find beauty in industrial decay , there 'd be no beauty . Good point . It 's mano y mano , and there will be no mercy . Here I love these roadways , ' cause again there 's no CG set extensions . It 's all just , we found a big location and we shot it for real . You know , this long roadway was really something we created . When Jeremy and I scouted this location to start with , this was just a gap between two of the big train buildings . And there was a little bit of a roadway but then there were also a lot of small metal huts . There was a lot of grass . There was some big heaps of kind of earth and everything . So we kind of had it all flattened . We had all the huts knocked down . We had the earth flattened out . We put a lot of gravel and lot of blacktop down to create our roadway . There were definitely times while making this movie that I felt more like an industrial engineer than a film director . Because in between having to create all the roadways and create all the cars , and everything be for real , we also had to build a lot of the rigs that would kind of spin and twist the cars in the way we wanted them , to make sure they would spin through the air in the right way . So I spent a lot of time talking about weight ratios and load-bearing structures . But if you do win , I want you to think about staying here . As Frankenstein . With me . It 's a great scene , this , I mean , she actually believes that he might consider what she is proposing , to stay with him , to stay with her . - Pretty evil . - Yeah . She 's kind of like Lady Macbeth , almost . The thing is , are you really the best future she could possibly have ? Are you really daddy material ? Or deep down , are you something else ? If you decided that out there on that track is where you belong , it would be the most unselfish act of love I 've ever seen . There 's almost a slight erotic tension between them . I mean , was that something you even thought about particularly before ? Yeah , definitely . I mean , if you make a prison movie , I think it 's always charged with that sexual tension , especially when you put a woman in that environment . - Right . - And then , also , you know , there 's the whole undercurrent of kind of homo-eroticism , as well , - that kind of comes with prison movies . - Yeah . There 's definitely eroticism around Natalie . Well , that 's not typical of prison films , I guess . Unless it 's Caged Heat . Another Roger Corman classic . Perhaps we should consider remaking that . What 's this ? Small modification . So Hennessey tells me if you 're going to win , I 'm supposed to stop you . - Oh , yeah ? - Yeah . Sounds like the odds are stacked against us . Then do what you do best . Drive . Gentlemen , this should be interesting . It 's nice editing from Niven Howie here , who has cut a couple of films for us . Recently , Resident Evil 3 . Yeah , we did Resident Evil : Extinction together , and then Niven came straight on to this . I think on average , and this is not to boast but just on average , I think there is an edit every second in this film . That does sound quite boastful , though . It 's not , listen , I didn 't cut it , Niven , it 's all down to him . Damn it ! Shit . Lit shield up ahead ! Damn it ! - What happened ? - Hennessey must have deactivated it . Bitch ! She 's so pleased with herself . It 's all about to change . Light me up . What is with you and cigarettes , Paul ? I mean , cigarettes in this movie , even in Event Horizon , we had cigarettes in space . I mean , you don 't even smoke . Well , you can 't make a prison movie and not have cigarettes , I mean , they 're such a part of the fabric of kind of prison life . That 's the currency , I guess . Coach , we gotta get the firepower . Nothing lit for a half lap . We won 't last that long ! So pleased with himself . This was a tough location , because at night we had to stop filming at midnight , because of the sound , the local residents . Although it was a rundown industrial silo , there are actually very expensive condos around . Well , also you 're right by the water and sound travels across the water . I mean , we would ... You would be able to hear these gun battles from like 10 miles away , in Montreal . The other side of Montreal could hear when we started shooting these machine guns , and also , these machine guns , they are very loud . You know , the concussive force of these things are phenomenal when you stand very close to them . Yeah , Charlie Taylor , our armourer , who again we used on a number of films , brilliant gun guy from Toronto , just did an awesome job getting this hardware together . He did Resident Evil 2 and 3 for us . Shit . Lit shield in quarter lap . Do you hear that ? Lit shield in the quarter lap . He 's coming up fast . Let them get the shield . Keep the viewers interested . Son of a bitch ! He got the shield ! Arm the explosive . I love the production design inside Hennessey 's control room . All the peeling paint work coming off the walls and the ceilings . I mean , that 's all real , I mean , that 's very hard to art direct . You know , that kind of crumbling paint work feel , I mean it 's ... Even if you pay a fortune for it , you can never really get it to look right . And that was what was so great about these locations is having that kind of depth and texture already existing . Yeah , Paul Austerberry was very good at building on what was already there . Yeah , although we did build some sets for this movie , I mean , primarily it is a 90 % location picture . 'Cause even when we did build things , like the control room , we were building on location . And that was kind of refreshing for us , cause a lot of our movies tend to be very set-heavy , you know like the Resident Evil films or Event Horizon , which is all shot on set . They 're headed for the bridge . Their weapons . Hit the kill switches . This has to be one of my favourite filming moments ever , was hearing Joan Allen swear like this . And then especially in the scene coming up . The " Okay , cocksucker , fuck with me and we 'll see who shits on the sidewalk . ' ' The very first take of that was completely unusable . And not anything to do with Joan Allen , because her performance as always is fantastic from take one onwards , but the camera crew were so shocked , to hear her swear , 'cause she is a very well-spoken woman in real life , that you could see the shots all going out of focus . 'Cause the focus puller stopped paying attention . They were just so stunned that these words were coming out of her mouth with such conviction . Somebody 's mad right now . Nobody fucks with my car . When Joan started working with us , her agent sent her a large basket of flowers , which agents normally do when actors start working on a movie . And normally they send a little card that says " Good luck with the film , Joan . ' ' You know , " Love , your agents . ' ' She got the usual basket of flowers but when she opened the card it said , " Okay , cocksucker , fuck with me and we 'll see who shits on the sidewalk . ' ' Yeah , her agent really ... I think that was the main reason he wanted her to do the film . Was to hear her say that . Just want to know who I 'm riding with . Jensen Ames . - Like ... - Like the car . Like the car . Well , Jensen Ames , I hope you got a plan , 'cause it 's not like we 're going to get very far . You 're right . We won 't . And that was a lot of dialogue there that was deleted from the theatrical version of the movie . You know , we thought it was a nice moment , but ultimately , you know , when you 're building towards the climax of a film , it felt like that extra 25 seconds of dialogue was a little redundant , and kind of took away from the dramatic build , that the movie , and the head of steam that the movie was establishing . So for the theatrical version , we took that out . Very nice modification . All that car crashing on the bridge , for real . In fact , that shot where the gas tank tumbles towards the police cars , again that was a real gas tank and that , I think , was the last shot I shot on the movie . And you can kind of see the sky was starting to get quite blue in the background , dawn was coming up , and we were racing against the sun . Choppers have a visual , ma 'am . Great helicopter pilot , Fred North , going closer than he probably should , which we really appreciate . Yeah , when you do those kinds of aerial shots , you know , the helicopter pilot is very much ... He is like the camera man , you know , cause the helicopter is ... The helicopter and the camera have to move in unison to get you the shot you want . So Fred , that 's why we were so insistent on getting him , 'cause I think he is probably the best guy working in the industry right now . And he would get the helicopter real low to the ground , I mean it was phenomenal . You know , he would literally be skimming the ground very low . You know , he was originally from Montreal , Fred , although he lives in L.A. And his wife would run the situation on the ground . Very strong team . Very expensive as well . - Worth every penny . - Of course . Or every cent . So now they 've escaped back to the mainland and they 're in kind of an industrial area , which you probably , hopefully you can 't see it , but this is actually exactly the same place where we started the movie . This is the steelworks where - Jason is kind of queuing up ... - Right , was to get his money and the riot is all in that area right there that the helicopters have just flown over . We were going to shoot it in a different location , but ultimately I saw this one at night and I thought , " You know what , " this is a better location " and no one 's ever going to realise that it 's the same place . ' ' Fantastic wall of flame there . This is really iconic . They 've stopped him , ma 'am . This was so difficult , this poor stunt woman . When I was shooting this , the downdraught from the helicopters was so great , she was in constant danger of being blown off the top of that car . Keep your hands where we can see them . You are under arrest ! I repeat , keep your hands where we can see them ! You are under arrest ! Hey , Igor . Merry Christmas . You can see in that shot she 's struggling to kind of stay on the top of the car , there . I love that steaming river of effluent or whatever it was . It was really unpleasant-Iooking , I was very happy to see it when I turned up on location that night . 'Cause during the day , that steaming didn 't occur . It was only kind of in the middle of the night when the temperature dropped , that you saw all that steam . Nice . The fact you have duds like these might make someone question your ... - My taste ? - Yeah . So to speak . I don 't know about you , but I 'm headed to Miami . This interior was shot on a ... Back at the ... Back at Alstom where we shot everything else , just a little set there , train interior . It 's a shame I didn 't get to take care of that bitch Hennessey . Yeah . That is a shame . We darkened the sky down considerably here cause it was actually dawn to get that shot . Frankenstein has been retrieved . And , ma 'am , ratings are off the charts . Gifts and congratulations are already coming in . You win again . Mr Ulrich , I always win . Damn . I love this game . And that 's originally where the movie ended , with that satellite dish tumbling towards the camera and ... You know , there was , in an earlier version of the script , there was another ending where you 'd show , kind of , Jason reunited with his child . And after we finished shooting the movie , and we tested the film , the movie played great and we got huge applause at the end . But the one thing that I think the audience were missing was a sense of resolution for Jason , and for Tyrese , and also for Natalie 's character . So we kind of , we came up with this . I mean it wasn 't too dissimilar to what had been written in an earlier draft of the screenplay . By this point , we were out of Montreal , and we were editing the movie down in Los Angeles . So what we did was we shot all of this in The Valley . And it 's all in a junkyard in The Valley . We dumped four tons of sand down , 'cause this all blacktop in the original junkyard . So we put the sand down to make it seem a little more kind of Mexican , a bit more dusty . And then , small factoid , that car that Natalie just drove up in is actually Vin Diesel 's car , from Fast and Furious , which will be out this coming summer , I believe . I 'm not sure that Vin knows that , actually , Paul ... Well , he does now . - Yeah , we ... - We gave it a different paintjob there so it doesn 't look quite the same . We had the same picture car coordinator that does the Fast and Furious films , Dennis McCarthy , who is a brilliant car guy . What took you so long ? Had trouble getting my release papers approved . Natalie looking very happy , although , actually , on the day , she wasn 't so happy because she was actually on holiday in Hawaii and we had to bring her back , to come shoot in a scrap metal yard . She has beautiful eyes . They 're her mother 's . Jason 's little baby . As always , when you shoot these kind of scenes , that little girl is actually an identical twin . 'Cause you can only really have a child ... You can only work a child for an hour . So to kind of double the time you have , you have identical twins so you get two hours ' worth of work out of the two kids . And you tend to just put whichever one in camera , in front of the camera is kind of behaving the most . But when you work with children , everything revolves around them , really . And when it 's nap time , it 's nap time . When you have a child , isn 't that the case , Paul , as you 've just had one ? Yes , yes , everything revolves around your child . Really , your biggest production is going on at home . - My greatest production . - Yeah . Certainly my best . This is ... This disclaimer is something we legally had to put at the end , but I love it , I think it 's so funny . - Just think ... - Makes me laugh every time . Just the thought that someone maybe will go and strap a heavy machine gun to the front of their car and start shooting away on the freeway . Now , of course , follows the endless end credits , which none of you are going to watch on DVD or Blu-ray . But I would recommend fast forwarding to the end , because there 's a special little surprise there . My favourite line of dialogue from the movie repeated one last time . So Jeremy and I are no different to the rest of you , we 're not going to sit and watch the credits either . It 's been a pleasure talking about Death Race , it 's a movie that took 14 years to make . It 's a real labour of love for us . We couldn 't be more happy and more proud of the film , and I hope you really enjoyed it . - So that 's Jeremy signing off . - And Paul . Goodbye . Okay , cocksucker , fuck with me , and we 'll see who shits on the sidewalk . ( TYRES SCREECHING ) ( ENGINES REVVING ) ( CHUCKLES ) ( ALARM WAILING ) CASE : Damn it ! - Rear armour ? - Shot to hell . ( MACHINE GUNS FIRING ) You better drop back ... It 's the last lap . We can win this . Why don 't this son of a bitch just die ? Oil . Out . Smoke . Finished . Give me the napalm ! Nothing works ! Drop the tombstone . On my mark . Three , two , one . I got you now , motherfucker . Mark ! Shit ! Fuck ! That 's how you want to do it ? Okay . ( TYRES SCREECHING ) He 's still coming . Our tank is exposed . He 's got us , Frank . You have to drop back . It 's a quarter mile to the line . I can make it . Sayonara , Frankie . - Punch out . - I 'm sorry . Forty years . Longer than my marriage . Sounds like you 're gonna miss this place . MAN 1 : I still can 't believe they closed it down . Just like that . The only thing I 'm gonna miss is my paycheque . Well , it was honest work for honest men . MAN 2 : I got a family to feed , and there 's no work out there . I hear they might be hiring down at the docks . Five men , maybe . - Hey , thanks , man . - Thanks , Jensen . MAN OVER P.A. : Collect your final paycheque and leave . The main gate will be locked in 15 minutes . ( MEN CLAMOURING ) Get ready to be ripped off , boys . Collect your paycheque and leave the premises in an orderly manner . The main gate will be locked in 15 minutes . Cash or cheque ? Better make it cash . $ 300 . I worked 120 hours the last two weeks . - Cash fee . Next ! - Cash fee ? You wanted cash , there 's a fee . You want a cheque instead ? Seeing as the company 's out of business , not exactly . You don 't like it , there 's the complaint box . Next ! ( SIRENS WAILING ) They never get it . Self-fulfilling prophecy . We 're honest workers . We 're just like you guys ! What the hell are you doing here ? You bastards ! ( GROANS ) - Shit ! Shit ! - Ross ! - You okay , Ross ? - Rubber bullets , the assholes ! Come on ! Come on ! - Hi , honey . - Hi . Sorry I 'm so late . Nice day at work ? Yeah . Just fine . Give me that shirt . They called the riot police . It got ugly . I don 't deserve you . You 're a good man , Jensen Ames . And it doesn 't matter what anyone else thinks but me . So , $ 300 . That 's all they gave us . We 'll make it last . We always do . I 'll start looking tomorrow . I think you 're forgetting that I married you for your non-financial assets . Did you now ? ( BABY CRYING ) ( BABY CONTINUES CRYING ) Shh . ( SOFTLY ) Daddy 's home . Is it you who was making all that noise ? JENSEN : What does little Piper want ? Want a story ? You know you won 't understand it . - But it will be good practise for me . - But it will be good practise for me . What the hell . Let 's go crazy . Something smells good . Honey ? Suzy ? ( JENSEN BREATHING ) OFFICER 1 : Stay on the ground ! Stay on the ground . OFFICER 2 : Drop the knife ! - Do not resist ! - Stay on the ground ! - Stay where you are ! - Stay on the ground ! Don 't move ! Move . Get up against the wall . ( JENSEN SCREAMING ) Scrub yourself . Stop . Prisoner will step back . Happy holidays . ( LIPS SMACKING ) ( SQUEALING ) ( INMATES FIGHTING ) ( THUNDER RUMBLES ) They slipped . - Good morning . - Morning . - Morning , Warden . - Morning . - Good morning , ma 'am . - Good morning . There goes the baddest ass in the yard . Sound like you 're in love , homie . I am . Damn . I had to wake up for this ? All right , is it my imagination , or is this shit getting worse ? - Like , what is this supposed to be ? - Oatmeal . - I think . - Man , how do you fuck up oatmeal ? Who 's the new guy ? Jensen Ames . - The driver ? - Never heard of him . Oh , yeah , I saw him race years ago . He 's good . Did some time upstate . Killed his career . Holder of the fastest laps at Willard , Union and Butler . I hope he 's as fast off the track as he is on . Never a dull day . Let 's get the fuck out of here . Heads up . It 's Pachenko . So you 're the wife killer . Takes a big man to kill a woman . I suppose you rape kiddies , too . You hear that , everyone ? Guy kills women . Rapes kiddies . What do you think we ought to do about that ? Get down on the ground ! Down on the ground ! Now ! Nobody move ! Nobody move ! I guess he didn 't like the oatmeal , either . Well , you 've got stones . Putting the hurt on a Brotherhood general . But right now , that 's the least of your problems . The warden does bad things to people that mix it up with the drivers . Prisoner 77119 , ma 'am . Thank you , Mr Ulrich . This prison is the home to murderers , rapists and violent offenders of every kind . The United States penal system sends me the worst of the worst . But the men you 've provoked ... Well , let 's just say , Mr Ames , that the life term you joined us for may be a lot shorter than you think . I understand . Tradition . Soften up the new guy . An ass-slapping good time had by all . Foul language is an issue for me . While looking over your record , I couldn 't help noticing your occupational history . It seems you have some talent behind the wheel . Out of curiosity , when was the last time you raced ? It 's been a while . I lost my licence . What if I could help you ? Get my licence back ? I had something else in mind . You 're familiar with the Death Race and the driver the fans call Frankenstein ? A man so disfigured by crashes that he 's forced to wear a mask . His return to the track is highly anticipated , and therein lies my problem . No one knows yet , but poor Frank died on an operating table not long after his last race . Anyone can wear the mask . But not just anyone can drive the car . You have the skills I require to keep the legend alive . I want you to become Frankenstein . No , thanks . He 's dead . Why don 't you just tell the truth ? The audience wants to see Frank again . He moves them . Inspires them . And in this world , that 's not so easy to come by . What makes you think for a second I would risk my life doing this for you ? Win five races , you go free . Those are the rules . And Frank has won four . Win one more , you walk . Call it intuition , but ... I don 't think you belong in here with the rest of these animals . I might surprise you . The race is Friday , and I need your decision . Ten seconds from now , I will retract this offer , and extend it to Prisoner 68815 , James Francis Barlini , who , clearly not of your calibre , will be quite enthusiastic about it . And you , unfortunately , will need to spend your incarceration in solitary . Since now I know your dirty little secret . I 'm sure you 'll find solitary preferable to what Mr Pachenko and his friends have in mind for you . You 're a skilled driver . Your chances are good . I 'm offering you your freedom , Mr Ames . If it 's not worth risking your life for , what is ? All right , turn her up and tighten the lines ! She 's haemorrhaging ! Ma 'am . You don 't have to call me " ma 'am . ' ' You know that . This is Mr Ames . You know why he 's here . Oh , I do now . The race is less than a week away . I have great confidence in you . Well , then , I 'll leave you two to get acquainted . Jensen Garner Ames . Moved to the States at 24 years old . Named after a car , the Jensen Interceptor . A three-time local speedway champion . You 've done your homework . Or do you just know everything ? Jensen Interceptor . I had one . Handled like a school bus . Call me Coach . Everyone does . Gunner . Lists . This is Frank . I 'll show you around . LISTS : We have a fully functioning auto shop , just like you 'd find in the outside world . Each team has their own shop . We don 't help them . They don 't help us . To the inmates , you 're Jensen Ames , the new grease monkey . LISTS : Nobody will know you 're Frank except us on the team and a handful of the guards . Nobody will talk . How can you be so sure ? Hennessey . In here , she is judge , jury and executioner . The race is her baby . Anyone who threatens it , she kills . The audience for the race has halved since Frank 's been out of the game , and so has the corporation 's profit . That 's why she needs you . What 's back there ? That 's a good question . Hennessey 's had a whole wing of the prison in isolation for a month . Working on something . Time to meet the Monster . Mustang V8 Fastback . Took the best and made it better . That 's a V8 Roush 5.4 litre with a Ford Racing supercharger putting out 850 horsepower and close to ... Seven hundred pounds of torque with sequential multi-port fuel injection . Looks like there 's a 250 hp NOS unit . Just in case . Then we had some fun customising your personal protection package . Three-quarter inch steel plate , front and sides . Bulletproof glass will be here , here and there . And in the rear , a six-inch solid steel shield we call " the tombstone . ' ' Oil , smoke , and napalm for defence . And twin 30-millimetre belt-fed machine guns for offence . So where 's the ammo ? - We get that on race day . - Pity . Yeah . Everyone thinks that , first time . Thinks what ? About turning the guns on the guards , about escaping . No , I wasn 't thinking that . Well , I 'm glad , because Hennessey has got electric kill switches in all the guns in all the cars . And all the guard towers are fortified , and their guns are bigger than your guns . But did I mention the helicopters , and also the fact that we 're on an island here a mile from the nearest shoreline ? The only way in or out of here is on that one skinny bridge you came in on . What 's that ? Most important part of the car . How many people has Frank killed ? Twenty . The mortality rate is average 62.2 % per race . So Frank beat the odds four times . Yeah . Till they beat him . COACH : The race takes place in three stages over three days . The first two stages , you just got to try and get rid of as much of the competition as you can while getting your own skinny ass over the line alive . Third stage is where speed counts . First one over that line wins . Tomorrow morning , you meet your navigator , Case . She 'll help you navigate the course , reload your weapons and help with the running of the car . I 'd like to talk to her ahead of time , before the race . Yeah . I 'd like a big-tittie girl to lick peanut butter off my toes . That ain 't gonna happen . It 's still a prison , man . She 's a chick . They get bussed in from the women 's facility upstate . It 's all about ratings , fast cars , pretty women . Yeah , Machine Gun Joe is the only one that has a male navigators . 'Cause he 's gay . Actually , it 's ' cause he goes through them so fast , the audience gets squeamish . Yeah , he goes through them . Through their ass . He cuts each kill into his skin as a souvenir , right here . What about the rest of the drivers ? Lists ? LISTS : 14K . First generation Chinese-American , 10th generation Triad . And his father sent him to business school . He 's the only man in here who holds a degree from MIT . He 's killed four men off the track . - GUNNER : That we know of . - Another seven on it . LISTS : Hector Grimm , The Grimm Reaper . The man 's a master . Clinical psychopath . Believes that Hennessey is an avatar of the Hindu goddess of death , Kali , - and that he is her messenger . - Cuckoo . LISTS : Three time consecutive life sentences . He 's killed six men off the track , another 12 on it . You 've already met the local chapter of the Brotherhood . Their driver , Pachenko , has killed nine men on the track . Nobody knows how many off . Travis Colt , our local superstar . - Used to race for NASCAR . - Yeah , he was good , too . Until he fell asleep behind the wheel of his Mercedes with the help of a bottle of scotch and a handful of ludes . Wiped out the entire patio of La Scala . Sent a dozen people to the hospital . God damn it ! It killed three of them . Technically the best driver in here , but a mean son of a bitch within . MACHINE GUN JOE : Ladies . I hear your man Frank is still in the infirmary with 15 unhealed fractures . I also hear he 's not gonna make the race . You hear a lot . - Who 's the new fish ? - Grease monkey . Well , well . Monkey . I got a new name for you . Igor . 'Cause you about the ugliest motherfucker in this prison , yo . ( MACHINE GUN JOE CHUCKLING ) Funny , huh ? You tell Frank when you see him . This race is between me and him . This time won 't be no infirmary . It 'll be the morgue . I 'll be sure to pass it on . Let 's get out of here , man . Man , that is one angry homo . - Who are they ? - Work detail . Get to work on the track for good behaviour . Those are GPS tracking bracelets . In case somebody decides to go for a swim . ( PANTING ) HENNESSEY : The ring . This was the old Frank 's . It kind of melted to his hand . ALL : ( CHANTING ) Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Assholes . He 's all yours . Don 't talk to the other drivers . Frank never did . Part of the mystique . Let the mask do the work . Here comes trouble . ( ALL WHOOPING ) ( MEN WHISTLING ) There 's our girl . I 'm Case . Frank . Funny , you don 't sound like Frank . Don 't sweat it . I know . I drove with Frank . I 'll watch your back . Better than you watched his , I hope . ( KNOCKS AT DOOR ) Still here . Well , I guess I got to work a little harder . Get back to your car , prisoner . You sure know how to make friends . Case . This is mirrored glass . No one can see in , so you might want to take the mask off . Unless you like it under there . How the hell did he drive in that thing ? What ? You 're better looking than the last Frank . A few crashes should change that . Start the transmission . MAN : Three , two , one . And we 're live worldwide . ANNOUNCER : Welcome to Death Race . Terminal Island Penitentiary hosts three days of the ultimate in auto carnage . Stage 1 of the race begins streaming live in 10 minutes . Subscribe to Stage 1 now for $ 99 , or subscribe to all three stages for the low price of $ 250 . Access to over 100 live camera feeds . Watch from the car of your favourite driver . See the action your way , uncensored and unedited . A full-on fight to the death , featuring four-time winner Frankenstein . Three-time winner Machine Gun Joe . Pachenko . Travis Colt . Audience favourite Frankenstein resumes his bitter grudge match with Machine Gun Joe . Frankenstein returns to the track after a six-month absence . HENNESSEY : They 've missed him . He 's the man that just won 't die . Twelve million hits on his angle alone . He hasn 't even started the engine . We 'll do 45 million viewers today . So , what are you in for ? They say I killed a cop . - Did you do it ? - Yeah . Bad cop ? Good cop . Lousy husband . Frank , Case , you read me ? JENSEN : We hear you . CO ACH : This is a three-lap race . Hennessey doesn 't activate the weapons till lap two . Now remember , it 's first come , first served , so it pays to be out in front . This is it . Countdown . ( ENGINES REVVING ) You 're sure he can deliver ? Jog left to 100 feet . 50 , 20 ... Now ! Punch it ! Hard left up ahead . He seems to be handling himself . Wakey-wakey ! - We 're being passed . We 've gotta catch up ! - Man , I know what I 'm doing ! - Hey , just leave that motherfucker ... - Shut up , man ! I know what the hell I 'm doing . What you gonna do ? You can 't go head-to-head with Joe like this . He 'll tear you apart . You read me ? Listen to him , before you get us both killed . Case , help him out of there ! There 's a shortcut to the left . There ! - He 's taking the shortcut ! - You don 't think I see that ? Activate swords and shields . The swords arm the main guns . Shields trigger the napalm , oil and smoke . I know . I 've seen this race before . You think you know . It takes the weight of the entire car . You have to make contact with all four tyres simultaneously . - Anything else I 'm missing ? - Don 't get me started . Activate death heads . Death heads activated . Feel it , baby ! ( LAUGHS ) ( GROANING ) Score another one for the Reaper , baby . - Thank you . - Don 't mention it . Come on . All clear . Fuck you , puto ! Fuck you ! We got guns . Look out . Oil . ( WHOOPS ) - Damn ! - Your mother 's a puta , motherfucker ! What the fuck ? ( ENGINE SPUTTERING ) We got to get back in the race . ( GRIMM GROANING ) I 'm the fucking Reaper , baby . Can 't kill me . You can burn me . You can fucking shoot me , but you just can 't motherfucking kill me ! Get that off my window when we get back . We 're streaming to 46 million viewers , ma 'am . Offensive weapons are up . It 's on . - Fuck . - It 's jammed . Cover me . Jesus Christ ! Hold tight , Case ! ( TYRES SCREECHING ) I 'm back . - Thank you . - My pleasure . Shield up ahead ! That son of a bitch ! LISTS : He just stole a shield from Colt ! Defence weapons are on . Let him have it . The napalm won 't fire ! Smoke . No smoke ? No oil ? No napalm ? Again ? ( LAUGHING ) ( LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY ) Fuck , man . Remember me , motherfucker ? Coach ! The tombstone won 't take much more of this . Frank , Case , those 50 calibre shells will be through the tombstone in a matter of seconds . My advice , either lose him or kill him . Unhook the napalm . - Get on my lap . - What ? Get on my lap . What the hell ? - Merry Christmas , asshole ! - Oh , shit ! ( SCREAMING ) Nice work . ( CRASHES ) Where 's he going ? A shortcut . Punch it . We can beat him . Look out ! ( LAUGHING ) ANNOUNCER : Grimm , Colt and Siad are gone . Six remaining drivers alive . Subscribe to Stage 2 now ! COACH : We have 14 hours , gentlemen , so let 's get to work . Starting with this . So what happened out there , Case ? - He got distracted . - He got distracted ? - Coach ! - What ? Look at this . The oil sprayers work fine . Well , I 'll be damned . Stop . ULRICH : Last place . It 's too bad . Look on the bright side . Everyone loves a comeback . What can I do for you , Mr Ames ? You sure are lucky a driver like me just happened to turn up in your prison when I did . Oh , I 'm more than lucky . I 'm blessed . Sometimes it 's like the right hand of God is sitting on my shoulder . I 'm not racing tomorrow . Go fuck yourself . Wait . Take his shackles off . Please excuse us , Mr Ulrich . And take Mr James with you . Do you recognise these people ? Because your daughter will . They 're her new parents . What 's her name ? Piper . That 's the man she 'll grow up calling Daddy . Unless you do something about it . Where is she now ? Oh , I 'm sure I have her address around here somewhere . You 're a smart man , Mr Ames . Play my game , we both go home happy . The man who killed my wife is in this prison . I wonder what he 'll say when I ask him why he did it . Why don 't you look in a mirror ? Ask him . Poor Piper . It must be hard growing up with that knowledge . That your father killed your mother . You wanted a monster . Well , you 've got one . COACH : She has your eyes . Her mother 's . So why don 't you wear a number , Coach ? Because I 'm not a prisoner . I qualified for parole three years ago . Got as far as the gate . They got a name for it , something-or-other syndrome . The simple fact is , the world 's changed since I 've been in here . Don 't know it . Don 't much want to . But this ? This I know . - What did they send you away for ? - Oh , plenty . And nothing . To what do we owe the pleasure of your company ? - I killed my wife . - Bullshit . You 're a hard man , but you ain 't no wife killer . - How do you know ? - I 've met my share . But you , the way you looked at her ... You couldn 't do that if you 'd killed her mother . So ... I say bullshit . Coach . What would you say if I told you Hennessey had my wife killed and me framed for it so she could bring me in here to be her Frankenstein ? What would you say to that bullshit ? Her name was Suzy . I was always headed here . Always knew . She didn 't . She was my chance at something else . And that bitch took her away from me . " ... that thy days may be long upon the land " which the Lord thy ... Giveth thee . " Thou shalt not ... " kill . ' ' You should take a break . Get some sleep . I 'm okay , Lists . Concentration for the race . Concentration , that 's what you need . Gotta get your rest . Maybe you 're right . I will take that break after all . GUNNER : Good call . Guy can 't grind for shit . Move ! Looking for me ? Hold him . You killed my wife . Well , now , maybe I did . I don 't care if the queen bitch wants to save you for the track . Nobody disrespects the Brotherhood and lives . Put him down . I 'm going to take your head . ( GRUNTS ) ( LISTS GROANS ) What the fuck ! Hennessey made me do it . Ulrich ... Ulrich too . Let me go , man . I 'll do anything . You 're going to die here . Fuck you ! Now , now , boys . Let 's save that for the track , huh ? Coach ! Take a look at this . GUNNER : What the hell were they building in here ? COACH : We 'll find out soon enough . ULRICH : Prisoner ! It 's time to get ready . ANNOUNCER : Welcome to the next installment of Death Race . Stage 2 begins . Grimm , Colt and Siad are gone . Six remaining drivers alive . 14K . Pachenko . Riggins . Carson . Three-time winner Machine Gun Joe . And starting from the back of the grid , his archrival , Frankenstein . This could be the last time we see Frankenstein race . Just one more victory and he wins his freedom . If Joe doesn 't kill him first . Over 50 million viewers have already subscribed . Don 't miss this epic battle . Subscribe to Stage 2 , now . ( ENGINES REVVING ) Pay attention ! Where is he ? What are you doing ? What 's he doing ? He 's dropping back . He 's not even trying to race . We 're gonna have a little talk . We 're gonna be done by the time we leave the tunnel . Did you kill the old Frank ? What ? Tunnel comes up fast . Remember what happened to the napalm canister ? Be a real shame for that to happen to you . Did you kill the old Frank ? - I sabotaged his rear weapons . - Why ? Hennessey . She said she 'd sign my release papers . It 's my life back . - I 'd have killed him , too . - I didn 't kill him ! He wouldn 't quit . I just wanted to make sure he didn 't win . - Why would Hennessey want that ? - To keep Frank here , racing . And yesterday ? She wanted me to set you back . So I 'm not supposed to win , either . Just make it exciting . That 's all I wanted to know . Hold tight . Come on ! Just come on through ! Damn ! He 's going after Pachenko . Sword and shield ahead . Take defence . No . There 's someone I need to kill . You 're out in front . Who are you going to shoot at ? You 're a dead man ! ( LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY ) I told you to take defence ! He 's too heavily armoured ! Fuck ! Hit the smoke . ( SCREAMING ) ( TYRES SCREECHING ) This is a race . You don 't go backwards . And you don 't get out of the car . It was Hennessey . Hennessey . I know . She 's next . I got it . Frank 's out of his car . - What ? - He stepped out of his car . Okay . I see him . I need guns . Yes . Sword coming up in 50 yards . - What happened ? - I don 't know . Somebody must have grabbed it . What do you mean , somebody grabbed it ? Look , man . I thought it was lit . What do you mean , you thought ? Man , get the fuck out of my car . - What ? - I said , get the fuck out of my car ! Oh , hell , no ! Come on , man . Listen , we got ... Wait ! Wait ! Wait ! Wait ! Wait ! It ain 't my turn ! It 's not what I do . Get in there . Don 't let me down , boy . Release the Dreadnought . Coach ? Well , I guess we know what she was building now . Activate weapons . Jesus Christ ! - Coach , any ideas ? - You just have to tough it out , I guess . Hennessey will take it off after she 's pumped up the ratings . You sure about that ? Where the hell is that thing going ? ( WOMAN SCREAMING ) Fuck me . JENSEN : Lists . Receiving . I want you to patch me through to another car . On it . JENSEN : Joe ? Who is this ? - It 's Frank . - What do you want ? How about we play a little offence ? I hope you know what you 're doing . ( WHOOPS ) Now that 's entertainment ! Damn it ! ( ALL CHEERING ) ALL : Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Frankenstein ! Nice reflexes there , Igor . Race car reflexes . You look lost , pal . Not this time . I got this feeling that you and Frank are close . Real close . That weird accent . You even kind of sound alike . I was wondering , what if you got in a accident ? Would that throw Frank off his game a little bit ? I doubt it , sick , fucked-up guy that he is . He might just want to kill you . That 's cool . So I guess I 'll see him later . Right ? Let 's roll . Ma 'am , with all respect , what are we going to do ? We 're going to kill him , of course . - You want me to kill Frankenstein ? - Don 't be stupid . Frankenstein can 't die . After all , he 's just a mask . HENNESSEY : Tonight is the final leg of the Death Race , and perhaps a new champion will arise . A five times winner . The first man ever to gain his freedom . The world gave you to me because you were not fit to be a part of it . You were not fit to be husbands , you were not fit to be fathers , and were too dangerous to live with the rest of us . What is this shit , man ? But when you race tonight , know that the eyes of the world are upon you . And know that the very same world which rejected you now lives and breathes with you . And it draws inspiration from your courage . No one is ever gonna win five races . HENNESSEY : So race well ... Nobody is ever getting out of here . ... and know that I consider you all my heroes . I want to show you something . GRIMM : Can 't kill me . Can 't kill me . I 'm the fucking Reaper . You can burn me . You can shoot me . But you can 't motherfucking ... There . Gunner , Lists . Will Hennessey 's inspectors care if we had a half gallon reserve tank ? Another half gallon ? You got a fuel tank that holds 35 gallons . What the hell you want another half gallon for ? Coach ? Let 's give the man what he wants . Hey , where are you going ? Oh , this is not good . Real brave , coming over here . I 'm going to win this race , 'cause I want out of this shithole . I 've already won three races . Two more , and I 'm smoking Cohibas in Miami . Frank might want to think about that . 'Cause I 'm gone . Out of here . Then maybe it 's his turn . Maybe he 's thinking it 's the other way around . From here on out , you stay the fuck out of my pit . Hey . Thinking you and Frank should have a little talk . ANNOUNCER : Welcome to the final installment of Death Race . Seven men dead . Siad , Grimm , Colt , Pachenko , Carson , Riggins and 14K are all dead . Just Frankenstein and Machine Gun Joe survive . Frank , racing for his freedom . Joe , doing anything to stop him . It 's mano y mano , and there will be no mercy . Tonight , only one man will walk off this track alive . A record 70 million are already watching . Join them . Subscribe to the final stage now . It 's an honour to navigate for you , sir . - They call me ... - Save it . We won 't have time to get acquainted . GUNNER : What the hell are those ? LISTS : Model 7 Russian states armoury RPG 's . Armour-piercing , self-arming , accurate to 1,000 yards . That 's what I thought . Prisoner , step back . I thought maybe you could use a little inspiration . Your release papers . They 're already signed . All you have to do is walk off that track alive . Well , and win , of course . But if you do win , I want you to think about staying here . As Frankenstein . With me . Yeah . I can see the appeal . What would you do with your freedom ? - Go back to your daughter ? - That 's the idea . The thing is , are you really the best future she could possibly have ? Are you really daddy material ? Or deep down , are you something else ? If you decided that out there on that track is where you belong , it would be the most unselfish act of love I 've ever seen . Just something to think about . What 's this ? Small modification . So Hennessey tells me if you 're going to win , I 'm supposed to stop you . - Oh , yeah ? - Yeah . Sounds like the odds are stacked against us . Then do what you do best . Drive . Gentlemen , this should be interesting . ( ENGINE REVVING ) Lit sword up ahead . - Deactivate that . - Sir ? Just do it . Switch it back on . Weapons are up ! Damn it ! Shit . Lit shield up ahead ! Damn it ! - What happened ? - Hennessey must have deactivated it . Bitch ! Light me up . It 's party time . Coach , we gotta get the firepower . Nothing lit for a half lap . We won 't last that long ! - Drop the tombstone . - What ? Do it ! On my mark . Three , two , one ! Mark . Damn it ! That shit don 't work twice , playboy ! Shit . Lit shield in quarter lap . Do you hear that ? Lit shield in the quarter lap . He 's coming up fast . Let them get the shield . Keep the viewers interested . Son of a bitch ! He got the shield ! Arm the explosive . Just in case . Yo , Frankenfreak . This villager 's got a pitchfork , and it 's headed straight up your ass . What just happened ? ( ALL CHEERING ) LISTS : Yeah ! Yeah , Frank ! They 're off the track . They 're escaping . They 're headed for the bridge . Their weapons . Hit the kill switches . Seventy million viewers , ma 'am . They 're all watching . - Shut the webcast down . - Shut it down ! Shut the fucking computers down now ! Get out ! Get out ! Get out ! Now ! - Get out ! Get out ! - Get out ! Get out ! Yo , Frankenstein . It 's good we had that little talk . We gave that bitch a good show , huh ? Give me that ! Okay , cocksucker , fuck with me , and we 'll see who shits on the sidewalk . Somebody 's mad right now . Nobody fucks with my car . Son of a bitch ! Get the choppers in the air ! Come on . Off the ground . Go , go , go ! ( SIRENS WAILING ) So what 's your real name ? I don 't have the time for small talk . Just want to know who I 'm riding with . Jensen Ames . - Like ... - Like the car . Like the car . Well , Jensen Ames , I hope you got a plan , 'cause it 's not like we 're going to get very far . You 're right . We won 't . Now would be a good time . Very nice modification . CO ACH : That extra half gallon reserve tank should see you through to the finish . Bon voyage , Frank . Choppers have a visual , ma 'am . Good luck , Joe . Get me a pilot . I need to talk to a pilot right now . Okay . You 're on . Stay with Frankenstein ! Don 't lose him . - Sure you 're up for this ? - I 'm sure . I owe it to Frank . Besides , Hennessey already gave me my release papers . They have to let me out . They 've stopped him , ma 'am . GUARD : Keep your hands where we can see them . You are under arrest ! I repeat , keep your hands where we can see them ! You are under arrest ! Hey , Igor . Merry Christmas . Come on . Let 's get out of here . Nice . The fact you have duds like these might make someone question your ... - My taste ? - Yeah . So to speak . I don 't know about you , but I 'm headed to Miami . Miami 's good . I 'll meet you down there . Once I got my baby girl . It 's a shame I didn 't get to take care of that bitch Hennessey . Yeah . That is a shame . Frankenstein has been retrieved . And , ma 'am , ratings are off the charts . Gifts and congratulations are already coming in . You win again . Mr Ulrich , I always win . Damn . I love this game . MACHINE GUN JOE : So we had to fix this car ? How many times we gonna keep doing this , man ? This car is not gonna start . ( GROANS ) Damn it ! You say you want me to live the life of an honest man , huh ? Yep . You better get used to it . Hey , Igor . Think we got a little company . What took you so long ? Had trouble getting my release papers approved . Wait here . There 's someone I want you to meet . Look at her . She has beautiful eyes . They 're her mother 's . MACHINE GUN JOE : Where 'd you get the rims ? I won it . Card game . - JENSEN : Yeah , right . - No , really . How many horsepower 's in this engine ? Five hundred . You sure about that ? JENSEN : Someone once asked me , did I think I was the best future for my little girl ? Something I 've thought about for a long time . This is what I decided . No one in this world is perfect . Heaven knows I 'm not . But I love her more than anyone else possibly could . In the end , that 's all that matters . She 's my chance at something else . Something better . And there 's no way I 'm letting go of that . HENNESSEY : Okay , cocksucker , fuck with me , and we 'll see who shits on the sidewalk .
