 Good evening , and welcome to The Culpeper Minute . It 's been nearly a decade since the best-selling autobiography Under the Hood revealed secrets of the original band of masked adventurers the new Minutemen . In 1975 , when The Culpeper Minute was new to the airwaves we profiled the author of Under the Hood , Hollis Mason the former adventurer known as Nite Owl . When my original report aired in 1975 , the Keene Act had not yet been passed . Now , this controversial bill outlawed all costumed adventurers and masked heroes . Given our current climate of unrest around the subject of masked justice we thought it would be interesting to revisit that original episode as a reminder of where the whole phenomena of costumed heroics began . Tonight we 're talking with Hollis Mason about his autobiography , Under the Hood . Hollis Mason 's memoirs revealed some of the secrets of the masked adventurers . I met with Hollis at one of his favorite New York establishments , the Gunga Diner . Coming to New York at 12 years old it was , uh , fantastic for me in a lot of ways . And my dad got a job at Vernon 's Auto Repair off 7th Avenue . - Now Mason 's , right ? - Now Mason 's . Yeah , yeah . Same place . Yet you didn 't follow in your father 's footsteps . You chose another path . Well , yeah , when I was 23 I joined the New York City Police Department . And I think that that had a lot to do with my grandfather and the values that he 'd instilled in me . Because for the first 12 years of my life , I spent a lot of time with my granddad . He was always keen to impress upon me that country folk were morally healthier than city folk , the way they lived . Of course you were competitive in certain ways , but you were also ... You helped each other . And it was kind of a moral value that stuck with me . And when I first got to the city there were things I saw that really filled me with disgust that I found a hard time shaking , and , you know , some really ... Some of it I still can 't . What my grandfather gave me and what I was confronted with in the city ... When the distance between those things got too great and I couldn 't deal with it then I would go to my real other world , the world of pulp-fiction novels . They described a world of absolute values where what was good and true was never in doubt . And evil was ... Well , it received its appropriate punishment . Is that how you 've led your life , then ? - That 's what I 've tried to do . Um ... - Mm-hm . Yeah . Hollis Mason , idealizing young cop trying to make sense of granddad 's country values and the grit of the big city he finds himself living in . Soon enough , the police force and its brand of justice is not enough for young Mason . Long a fan of pulp detective fiction and comic-book heroics Mason did what others only fantasize about . He made himself a disguise and set out in the nights as a vigilante doling out justice on his own terms . What influenced this shift in Mason 's behavior ? It 's funny when you think about it . You know , I 've heard all the ... All the jokes and all the rumors and all the innuendos . What it really comes down to for me is that I dressed up like an owl and I fought crime because it was fun . And because it was the right thing to do . And because I darn well enjoyed it . I suppose it really started to take shape for me in 1938 . And on my beat there were a lot of kids reading that first issue of Action Comics . I was so drawn , I couldn 't help it . I asked one of the kids if I could borrow it and take a look at it . And that first issue of Superman wow , knocked me out . - Mm-hm . Okay , Superman was your biggest influence , and it was to a lot of kids . But you took it even further . Well , it all changed when I opened the newspaper one day and I saw that these characters had escaped from their four-color world and they were now in the factual black-and-white world of the headlines . An attempted assault and robbery was thwarted by a figure who supposedly dropped into the alleyway from above with something over his face . And he then proceeded to disarm the three attackers and beat them with such severity that all three were hospitalized . The newspapers started calling him Hooded Justice . And that was the first masked vigilante . And when I heard that story I made up my mind right then I was gonna be the second . We have to take a break for our sponsors now , but when we come back more from our 1975 story on masked adventurers . Thank you for staying with us . We return now to our retrospective look at Under the Hood and what these men and women mean to us today . Why did you come up with the owl costume ? It really came together because of another cop that I was working with in my station house . And he kept asking me to go out for a beer after work . And I kept saying no , because , you know , I wanted to train at night and get ready for my other career . And then he started calling me " night owl . " - You know , he was being sarcastic . - Right . And I loved it . I thought , " Well , that 's it , Nite Owl . " - So that 's where the name came from ? - That 's where it came from . So once I had the name , then I could start thinking about the costume . Should it have a cape or no cape ? Should you have a mask or no mask ? Eventually , I just boiled it down to the basics . I needed a costume where I was free to move . I needed to protect my body . I needed to protect my head . And I needed to protect my identity . So I did this with a tunic that was covered in leather and mail a kind of steel mesh . And I had a hood with ... It was leather and steel mesh again . And then briefs . They were covered in the same mail . So I 've got my hair covered and all I need is a little mask . So I did it with this . This is the mask . I attached this mask with a spirit gum which is what actors use to put on mustaches and beards . It turned out , there were several masked adventurers at the time . Yeah , about a month after I made my debut the headlines were all about a young woman called the Silhouette . She had exposed a crooked publisher who was dealing in child pornography . And she gave him such a brutal beating . Him and his two cameramen , right ? Well , that was quite a story . From there it grew pretty quickly . There were stories of a man dressed like a moth who could glide through the air . And then there was a story of a man in a yellow boiler suit who was particularly brutal and vicious . In 12 months of Hooded Justice 's dramatic entrance there were at least , oh , seven other costumed vigilantes . There was Sally Jupiter , who took the name of Silk Spectre . There was Dollar Bill , there was Mothman there was the Silhouette , there was Comedian . And , of course , there was me . Little that Mason told me was not already in his book . So I turned to some of the other figures from his world to find out more . She used her sexuality to fight crime and her crime fighting to pursue a career on the silver screen . Now her daughter lives on in her image and life seemingly has passed Sally Jupiter by . We joined her at her home for the following exchange back in 1975 . Why the name Silk Spectre ? You know , it 's funny . Many people have hypothesized about reasons why that might have come up . And in truth , I wanted to find something mysterious something that had a good ring to it , you know ? And I felt that she should be somebody who could slip out of your hands . Silk stockings , you know , were very expensive at the time . And it just had a good ring to it , I guess , is all I can really say . What were your motivations in becoming a masked adventurer ? I saw Hooded Justice and I think the idea of doing something that was out of the normal ... I never felt like I really fit in . And I think that becoming Silk Spectre really made me feel actually more at home . Now , Silk Spectre is presented in fairly racy imagery in posters and in comics . How do you deal with these , what I call , visually degrading pictures ? Oh , I never had a problem with that sort of thing . I mean , you know , they always referred to me as a sex symbol . And I have to say , I 'd rather be a symbol of that than a symbol for other things they 've got symbols of . You know what I mean ? Jimmy Fantucci , a famous mobster , I 'm sure you 've heard of him . He actually turned himself into the cops because he couldn 't shoot me . You know , as I said , I never shied away from the way that I looked . And , in fact , it seemed in this case , I could use it . Masked adventurers or whatever what you wanna call them is all about commerce . You have to remember that this country was founded on entertainment . And when I managed Sally , the Silk Spectre we used her status as a costumed hero to make lucrative deals of every kind . Movie deals , image licensing for pinups , comic books , everything . It was a business strategy that corporations picked up on almost immediately . Dollar Bill was originally a star college athlete from Kansas hired by a major department store when they realized that having their own superhero was an interesting publicity prospect . Still , I like to think that Sally and I pioneered the concept . When you 're trying to make a mark in the world , you need help . You need someone who can be sort of the cohesive factor in bringing the awareness to the public , and he definitely did that . And I think , in fact , probably at the expense of many people 's agendas , really . I don 't think you can make value judgments on whether or not costumed heroes are good or bad for society . That 's like asking if television is good or bad . The answer is that it 's both . It was only really when we got together that the problems started . The Minutemen , yeah . What a great idea . I wish I can take credit for it , but I can 't in good conscience . The way it happened was one day I got a letter for Sally from Captain Metropolis . He said he wanted to get together to discuss the idea of forming a group of masked adventurers . At first , I thought he was using the idea as a means to get her into bed . Then I did a little research and I learned that my concerns were , yeah , unfounded if you get my meaning . Lawrence made the Minutemen . If it wasn 't for him and his knack for publicity ... I mean I think as someone in your profession , you could probably understand that if we did this interview and no one saw it , then , poof , it doesn 't matter . I realized that without the occasional gimmick to revitalize flagging public interest the fad of costumed heroes would eventually fade , even the ones dressed like Sally . After some consideration I suggested they take a large ad out in the Gazette asking for more mystery men to come forward . And that 's how the Minutemen came to be . Now , when you first met The Comedian Nite Owl , Silhouette and the others what were your thoughts ? Were you intimidated ? Was there a sense of relief ? Oh , it was an incredibly exhilarating time , I have to say . I think we all felt like we were part of a family that we had found sort of a place where we could feel like we actually were of value . Everyone brought something different to the Minutemen . But somehow when we were together there was a bonding feeling that we all believed in what we were doing . Now , the reason I say " relief " is because many of the people back in those days thought that you were all rather bizarre , abnormal individuals running around in children 's costumes . We were just people . And everyone did have absolutely different politics . Some of us were in it for fame . Some for power . Some to possibly hide from the rest of the world . But in the end of the day , our politics really didn 't get in the way too much of what we wanted to be there to do , which was good . We did too much good in our respective communities just to be written off . We were all attempting through our personal efforts to make our country a better and a safer place to live . Clearly , Hollis Mason is a man who makes no apologies for the life he 's lived or the decisions he 's made . But is his own personal moral code enough justification for donning a mask and dispensing vigilante justice ? I went out and asked around to get a better sense of how you , the people , felt about masked heroes . I don 't know . I get a lot of customers that are cops . Guys that come by and pay for a pack of smokes from me and they tell me that these masked adventurers they 're making the job more difficult . What do I think of them ? They 've just about destroyed my business , I can tell you that . They maim my customers . They like to break fingers . They think it 's funny . Yeah . They 're dangerous . But then on the other hand , what if we hadn 't had that Dr. Manhattan guy on our side , huh ? I mean , I know it 's inconceivable to us , now knowing what we know but who 's to say that things wouldn 't have gone the same in Vietnam without them ? Losing that war . That would 've destroyed our country . More on costumed adventurers and the controversy surrounding them after this word from our sponsors . Seiko announces the world 's first digital quartz liquid crystal chronograph . It gives the time , the date and with a push of a button , turns into a stopwatch that records lap times and one-two finishes in tenths of seconds . The time of day , kept in electronic memory , reappears when you push the button again . The Seiko liquid crystal chronograph . Only one of Seiko 's superb digital quartz watches . Welcome back , and thank you for watching . In our current climate , the relevance of masked adventurers , the Watchmen is more in question than ever before . We continue now with our look back at a show in which we discussed Under the Hood a memoir of original masked hero The Nite Owl , née Hollis Mason . A book which precipitated many of the questions we have today about these men and women who act apart from our prescribed laws of justice . Certainly there are many costumed heroes who would make for fascinating study . I spoke with psychiatrist William Long to gain some professional insight . You know , it 's an interesting question . Mostly , in the prison , I work with criminals . So my perception is slightly skewed . I think certainly there are masked heroes and superhumans , like Dr. Manhattan that just want to do good . I think there are others that are nothing more than criminals who used this as a means to justify their violent tendencies . The only masked heroes that pose an actual threat are the relatively few borderline sociopaths that actually believe that they are doing good . Beneath that mask they 're just like you and me with hopes and desires , fears love . I hope that one day I can psychoanalyze one of these masked heroes . That would be something . It seems a bygone era to us now . The heady days of the roaring ' 40s . People were eager for distraction , hungry for a fix of drama . What better than a group of self-designed superheroes to act out an exaggerated street theater of crime fighting . And in a world populated by supervillains why not ? There was the notorious Moloch the Mystic using the sideshow novelty of the magic show to front his one-man wave of terror . Later , of course , came modern supervillains like Big Figure the diminutive master criminal now serving a life sentence in the city jail . You think I 'm the menace . I 'm not the one wearing a mask . I got nothing to hide . What kind of person is that ? Wear a mask ? I 'm a respectable businessman . It wasn 't easy finding Moloch the Mystic . But then again , well , it wasn 't too difficult . You see , Moloch , like so many infamous figures of our postwar past had simply gone into civilian life . I was a younger man then . I was rebellious . Like these gangs you see around , the Knot Tops . When you live in a world with superhuman authority figures and you wanna rebel , you have to rebel on a larger scale . You have to escalate things , you see . So if you grow up in a world with superheroes and you wanna rebel you have to become a supervillain . So , yeah , I think society is better off without the superheroes because that means there 's no need for any supervillains either . Thank you . Thanks . You know , it didn 't last , oh , 10 years . When the ' 50s came , the whole perception of costumed adventurers you know , changed , you know ? It was a fad , yeah . And the fad was dying out and we were dying with it . Sally well , she got pregnant and she left . The rest of us , we were forced to testify before the House Un-American Activities Committee . It was a witch hunt . We were all forced to reveal our identities to one of its representatives . I am Captain Metropolis from the Minutemen . Now , luckily , with Captain Metropolis having such an outstanding military record and with my own service in the police force we both were more or less cleared of suspicion right away . Mothman met with more difficulty , mostly because of the left-wing friends that he 'd cultivated during his student days . Now , he 's eventually cleared but the investigations , they were so lengthy and so ruthless that I think that the pressure he was under it exacerbated his drinking problem and it caused his eventual mental breakdown . Hooded Justice refused to testify on the grounds that he was not prepared to reveal his true identity to anybody . And when they pressed him he disappeared . And I really respect him for that . He was the reason I became the Nite Owl and I don 't know to this day who he was behind that mask . Isn 't that something ? I understand that you wanted to leave the Minutemen because you got pregnant . Is that the reason ? Was there any other reasons that you retired from the Minutemen ? You know , sometimes it 's just time to move on . I think I would 've stayed longer , had I not gotten pregnant . But it was ... You know , life gives you those little signs of when to take the door out . And that seemed to be the one . In his biography , Hollis alleged that you were sexually assaulted by The Comedian . Yet you 've never said anything about this . Hmm . Well , why should I break a lifetime 's habit now , right ? I can 't blame you for asking as a reporter , but , yes , it 's ... No comment . How much did the incident between Sally Jupiter and The Comedian affect your decision to hang up the mask ? Well , that had lot to do with it , yeah . I think once you realize that some of your teammates are just as depraved and twisted as the criminals you 're going after ... Yeah . That had a lot to do with why I quit . There 's no truth to that rumor . If something like that had happened don 't you think I would have advised Sally to have pressed criminal charges ? She was my best client . My biggest earner . I would never allow something like that to go unpunished . It 's nothing more than sensationalism . Self-promotion . Hollis Mason wants to sell more books . The Comedian declined to comment . Get that thing out of my face before I put my cigar out in your eye . Under the Hood is a fantastic book . You know , he 's one of my customers , you know . I see him all the time . It 's funny about this superhero thing , you know , it 's a very fine line . And when you got somebody like the Nite Owl who is your quintessential superhero , because outside you get this guy who dresses up and does all the kaboom-kabang stuff but inside he 's a cop . So he 's a guy who knows what 's true blue . You know what I mean ? He 's not into these kind of artsy-fartsy things . He 's a great man . So I don 't know . Hard to say whether these masked-hero types are a good or a bad thing you know , in the final analysis . It 's interesting to note that back in 1975 people were still very much divided as to whether or not the so-called costumed adventurers were a benefit or a detriment to society . Given the events after this interview aired perhaps Hollis Mason 's retirement came at the perfect time . We 'll hear more from Hollis Mason after this commercial break . Why do so many choose Sani-Flush instead of the other leading bathroom-bowl cleaner ? Sani-Flush has extra power . Cleans inside the bowl and cleans right round the bend . Time-lapse shows Sani-Flush , with its extra power cleans away rust stains and deposits inside the bowl and right round the bend . Sani-Flush , with the power to kill germs by the millions . Sani-Flush . Cleans inside the bowl and cleans right round the bend . Get Sani-Flush , powder or liquid . Continuing now with my interview of Hollis Mason . We 're talking about costumed adventurers . He 's been called the Eighth Wonder of the World . Our national treasure . Our greatest hope . But Dr. Manhattan is also viewed as a freak of nature . His power is so great as to illicit fear not only in our enemies but in ourselves . Before he was the radiating blue superbeing he is today he was Jon Osterman , physicist , son of a watchmaker . A man with friendships , loves , common family values . One of his friends and , in fact , colleagues who continues to work with Dr. Manhattan today is an esteemed physicist in his own right Wally Weaver . We went to Weaver 's lab and had the following conversation . Well , I think heroes of all kinds are a good thing . And I 'm talking about the brave men and women of our Armed Forces . I 'm talking about the policemen and the firefighters . I 'm talking about the scientists and the doctors . And , uh ... Yeah , I 'd include masked heroes in that group that 's a benefit to society too . Jon is ... I 'm sorry . Dr. Manhattan is something else entirely . I 'm writing a book about how he 's changed the geopolitical landscape forever essentially making the very idea of war obsolete . You know , the first thing was absolute disbelief . Well , of course , as you know , there was elation too . I mean , it was like Santa Claus was alive and thriving . But the fear ... It was a terrible fear and an uncertainty that went right to your core . I certainly understood how an old car feels when it sees a new car , a new model come rolling out . But it was more than that . You know , I think I can boil the feeling down to three words , really . It 's : We 've been replaced . And I don 't just mean the masked adventurers . I mean , humanity . We 've been replaced . Hollis always did have a flair for the dramatic . There is no doubt that it was an absolute shock to all of us . The fact that anything could exist like Dr. Manhattan . I mean , this was something out of the realm of concept for us . But we will always have a need for humanity and as much as we expand and grow technologically , it 's ... We still need human contact , you know ? People have always misinterpreted what I said about Jon . I wasn 't comparing him to God . I wasn 't saying he was a god . I just ... Just wish I wouldn 't have ever said that . Bottom line is this : Jon is still Jon . At his core he 's still a man . Well , take what I said about supervillains being a direct response to the appearance of superheroes and apply that to the current scenario . If you have a being that can destroy with a single thought then the terrifying thing is that there is or there soon will be , a counterpoint or an adversary to that being . The universe has a way of finding its own equilibrium , its own level . What worries me is that Dr. Manhattan 's nemesis will be arriving soon . Of course , some of these masked adventurers never stopped practicing their unique craft . Eventually time moved forward to a point where their presence was again welcomed and some would say sorely needed . Big city streets festered with violence intimidation and rampant crime . A perfect environment for a new breed of masked hero to emerge . Of course , I speak of the Watchmen . Now , with the Cold War escalating and the presence of a truly super being at the forefront of our national defense a growing fear and restlessness seems to permeate the population . Only this time , the fear is not of the criminals but of the crime fighters themselves . Senator Keene surely thinks that the time has come to put an end to masked adventuring . His suggested new laws would effectively clip the wings of these costumed heroes making them hang up their masks and preventing them from practicing vigilante justice in our fair streets . Senator Keene is an opportunistic cipher . He has no idea what he 's talking about . The real problem are the police departments . If they would take a little bit more of what these masked heroes have then we wouldn 't need people like Senator Keene in the Senate in the first place . What do I think about Senator Keene ? Listen , I work down here every day . Whenever I 'm in trouble , whenever somebody 's down here beating me up and I yell for help , I don 't care who comes to save my butt . I don 't care if it 's a superhero . I don 't care if it 's a cop . As long as somebody comes when I 'm yelling " help . " You understand ? People have a need for an everyday hero . Masked or otherwise . And , uh people who know right from wrong will always be in demand . So I want to get a little personal here for the moment . You never married . Why is that ? - Um ... - Thank you . Well , I suppose if there 's any one reason why I never got married it was because well , Sally Jupiter was taken . I don 't think it 's any great secret that I had a thing for her . Half the male population did . By the time I 'd rustled up the courage to ask her out on a proper date she was already married to her manager . It 's kind of funny when you think of it . I dress up as an owl and risk my life on a daily basis but when it came to asking a girl out it was more than I could manage . Sadly , I think our marriage was doomed from the start . My professional position in Sally 's life made it very difficult to be a good husband . It was my job as her manager to not only accept the fact that men were attracted to her but to build on that attraction to prey upon it . Hollis was very important to you . He was a very important person in your life , correct ? Absolutely . - You stay in contact with each other today ? - We do . We do . Not as much as I would like , I must say . You know , your life takes you in different directions but that was really a magical , magical time and we do like to talk about the old times when we get together . You know , I think ... I think I still have some kind of half-baked idea that Nite Owl and , uh Silk Spectre are gonna end up together one day . Hm . When we originally spoke with Hollis Mason he believed that the legacy he 'd begun as the Nite Owl along with other members of the masked-hero community would live on for years to come . He could not have known how wrong he was . This has been a nostalgic look back at a colorful time in this nation 's past when we turned to flamboyant heroes with cartoonish outfits for our moral outlook . In the post-Keene Act world we now live in the masked heroes are as outdated and irrelevant as the old beat-up wrecks that Hollis Mason works on in his garage . We hope that you have found this look back at the history of costumed adventurers both enlightening and informative . I 'm Larry Culpeper for The Culpeper Minute . Subtitles by LeapinLar
