 'Sooner or later Please let me know right away when you feel something . I have to record the exact time when the process starts . The professor said that your body is quite sensitive to the serum so it is possible we will be successful with you . It is a great opportunity for you . If things go smooth today you could even work at the headquarters . I believe that 's why you volunteered for the experiment . It is important to a lot of people that we are successful today . Even at the highest level . The ultimate victory depends on this invention . Are you sure you don 't feel anything ? Is there anything unusual ? You might want to drink a bit . Researchers say water does not interfere with the serum . Are you sure you don 't feel anything ? Is there anything unusual ? You might want to drink a bit . Researchers say water does not interfere with the serum . What 's this ? It is not how it was ! It happened , didn 't it ? You went but came back right away , right ? So it works ... You went and came back , I didn 't notice it , you didn 't say a word but it happened , didn 't it ? - I did not ... - Do not try to gag me ! Your shirt is unbuttoned and it wasn 't ! There 's water in the glass , fag in the ash tray and they were not there ! How did it happen ? Tell me immediately what you did , where you went and what you saw . Fine then . You took ... It really happened ... Tell me exactly how it happened and then ... You cannot get out of here anyway . Do you have the order ? Did you get it ? If I don 't kill him , he shoots you down . Put this on , it 's really cold outside . You 'll get used to it . You must leave . There 's a truck outside waiting for you , they 'll tell you everything . Don 't be afraid , you 'll like it . Take care of that . A lot depends on it . Good luck ! Are you sure you don 't feel anything ? The professor said that your body is quite sensitive to the serum so it is possible we will be successful with you . It is a great opportunity for you . If things go smooth today you could even work at the headquarters . I believe that 's why you volunteered for the experiment .
