 You texted , I came . Do you love it ? The batter of the bulge pancake house ? Well , in the pantheon of places i 'd like to be taken by a gentleman caller ... You don 't find the promise of luftwaffles and panzer cakes irresistible ? While I do admire the culinary genius who thought to forge the human drama of the allied struggle against nazi germany with the goodness of all day breakfast ... I didn 't bring you here for the pancakes , dubs . You didn 't ? I may be a starving musician , but give me a little more credit . Well , thank god , because , technically this is our third date , and while things have been known to happen on third dates , the batter of the bulge pancake house isn 't exactly a deal maker . Though the thought of " things happening " has occasionally occurred to me since we met , it 's not why I brought you to this bunker of maple syrup and mortar fire . Hold these , if you please . - Why am I standing up ? - Step this way , please . But I was just about to order a cruller named after the invasion of crete ! Just a couple more steps , porsche dubster . What 's with the quarters ? All your questions will be answered right now . Sweet mother of nolan bushnell . - It 's gut wrencher 1 . - It 's gut wrencher 1 ! The goriest side-scroller in history , banned in 17 countries , the only arcade game ever to be denounced by both tipper gore and the dalai lama . They only made 150 of these before it all went set-top . But only the coin-op edition has the additional four levels of sheer carnage that the home edition did not have . This is my favorite . How did you know ? Because you 're made of awesome . Oh , my god , tyler , I ... Don 't get all mushy on me , princess . I came to play . Come on , shoot him ! He 's at 60 percent ! Keep him off me , I gotta get the scud missile . Come on ! He just chopped off my leg ! I 'm going as fast as I can . Oh , he took my other leg ! That 's it , tyler ford shall smite you ! All right , I got this one , fordo . wow . We just destroyed the th level bloodlust catamite . Yeah , with a scud missile . And it only took 18 dollars in quarters to finish the game . Ida , what the ... ? Quite the minx , isn 't she ? Story of o ! Turn it off ! Full surveillance , standard operating procedure whenever a middleman starts a meaningful personal relationship . Wendy 's like a little sister to me . Sorry , it 's in the manual , I gotta do this . - This is horrifying ! - No choice , pal . Part of the job . We do not abuse our surveillance privilege like that . Wimp . Sync : ÈðÈðµÄÀÇ The Middleman Season 01 Ep 09 absolutely not , I totally delivered the killing blow . If I hadn 't shot that scud into its catamite behind , you 'd still be at the controls and legless . I totally warmed him up for you . Gut wrencher 2 on the emulator tonight ? Like you have to ask . bye . So things went well at the pancake house ? They had a coin-op gut wrencher 1 . Say no more . I just wish I wasn 't having such a difficult time of this . Sex , waffles and videogames ? What am I missing ? Can you keep a secret ? Have I told anyone about that thing with the blueberry pudding pops and the elliptical machine ? It 's my mutant power . Can you make fire with your mind ? 'Cause that would explain some things . No . Every time I 'm in a relationship with someone , I can always see how it 's gonna end . Oh , come on . That 's japanese game show crazy . It 's true . We 've roomed and now you tell me about your mutant ability ? With great power comes great responsibility . What about ben ? If you 'd known that he would videotape your breakup and put it on the internet ... I knew it would involve film . What about tyler ? How 's that gonna end ? That 's the problem . I don 't know . Not only do you have a mutant ability , you have a mutant ability that isn 't even working . And it 's freaking me out . Over the years I 've gotten used to knowing that my relationships were doomed and why and it 's weirdly comforting . That makes no sense . But after three dates and a videogame carnage-inspired hookup , I still have no idea about tyler . I just don 't know what to do . Proceed , you dolt . - I knew you wouldn 't understand . - Oh , I understand that you 're groping for an emotional escape hatch because of what happened with ben and steve and rodney and tommy tam . Just keep this to yourself , ok ? Hello , ladies . I need some caffeine action post-haste . Anvil drank all my coffee again . Hey , noser . Wendy thinks she has this ability that tells her when and how all her relationships are going to end . Lacey ! That just sounds to me like a coping mechanism to avoid intimacy . All right , that 's enough . You 've got to stop looking for the emotional rip-cord , dub-dub , or you 're gonna find out that your parachute 's really a backpack . What 's that even mean ? Uh , dubble ... Hey . - " Hey ? " - yes , hey . Uh , there 's something you and I need to discuss . It involves your middlewatch and the real time situation recording archive . Oh , that thing in my watch that records everything I ... Oh , my god . You saw me and tyler ! Dubbie , there is watching and there is seeing . And I did not watch , but I did see . It was a split second , really . Of course , part of the training means I can memorize a crime scene with nothing more than a glance . Aw ! Gross ! There 's something called code 86 . It 's a protocol we have in place to shut down the recording archive should a member of the organization require privacy of a personal nature . Why didn 't you tell me before ? I didn 't think you 'd need it this soon . Can we just talk about something else or solve a crime or something ? You 're in luck . Someone just melted a jewelry store downtown . Melted ? Like butter . Let 's go . I 'm Dr. Alexander scott . This is my associate , kelly robinson . We 're with the pentagon . When will you have a name ? I 'm sorry , ma 'am , a name ? Of the man who came to my jewelry store , melted the back wall and stole seven figures in precious necklaces . All I need is a name . Are you former kgb , by any chance ? No . Can you describe the perpetrator ? Looked like andy warhol . Long black overcoat , wayfarer sunglasses , thick red scarf and store-melting ray gun . You give us a name , we pay you handsomely . Are you sure you aren 't former kgb ? Positive . What kind of wing-nut are we talking about ? The kind who could kill millions , take down cities , countries and even puppy dogs and playgrounds and one whose mo seems strangely , uncannily familiar to me . Strangely , uncannily familiar ? Dubbie , this calls for swift and decisive action . It 's a good thing we 're taking swift and decisive action . No really , this is a level of ass-kickery I 've never experienced before . In the immortal words of bertolt brecht , " hungry man , reach for a book . It is a weapon ! " brecht was a communist . Dubbie , you are looking at the middlelore . Every foe the middlemen have faced over the centuries is recorded and stored here . Ah ! Here 's an oldie the domino . You had a cuban supervillain ? Lithuanian . Tried to create a domino effect to knock down all the buildings in the city . Check this guy out . The fabulous face . He tried to replace everyone in the white house with evil doubles . And he succeed , though no one seemed to notice at the time . And here 's Dr. Solaris , who tried to taint the water supply with a boredom toxin . Which someone seems to have used on you . Can I run something personal by you ? Of course , dubble . You know tyler . The guy you and ida ... The one you were supposed to be keeping an eye on but instead wound up having a code 86 with ? Yes . He 's so perfect in so many ways . And everything 's going so great ... Ah , limerence . That 's a funky name for a villain . That 's the scientific term for romantic love . If you 're in it , you 'd better enjoy every bit of it because it doesn 't last . I would be enjoying it , if it wasn 't for my mutant ability . Your psychological tests would have shown us any extra-human ... I don 't mean anything like that . I guess what I mean is , uh , intuition . Every time I get into a relationship , I can always visualize how it 's going to end . And with tyler , I can 't . It 's totally killing me . You have any idea what that 's like ? No . It sounds like something out of one of those hateful independent films . This is exactly why I stick to westerns . Why did I think you were gonna be any help ? Dubbie , love is simple . You have it or you don 't . Everything else is either delusion or self-sabotage . Fragments of moon rock ! The candle . I knew the mo rang a bell . It has to be he . The candle , formerly professor lloyd cramden , ph . D , until he was driven mad by the death of his family in a freak ice rink meltdown and vowed to design a weapon that would subject the entire world to his private pain . Ida , I need you on the heydar . We think the candle has returned . The candle ? Formerly professor lloyd cramden ? Too late , toaster . We know the back story . We haven 't seen hide nor hair from him since 1969 . We have reason to believe he 's returned . I need a cross-referenced list of news and information on data platforms relating to any developments that might pertain to the name , technologies or known associates of the candle . What 's with the space age bachelor pad music ? Ida , did you just disobey a direct order ? Ida ! What 's happening ? I guess this is as good a time as any to ask . Where 's that door lead to ? Among other things , the middleman 's cryogenics vault . Cryogenics ? He ordered me to do this . He told me to unfreeze him if the candle ever reared his ugly head again . who ? Wendy watson , boss , allow me to present , all the way from 1969 ... You can call me the middleman . Someone has exactly five seconds to tell me what 's going on before I call the sexual harassment hotline . - How long have I been under ? - Forty years . This is amazing . I always knew 02stk had the technology to cryogenically freeze middlemen ... O2stk ? Organization too secret to know . It 's our little joke . Like you and I had . Wthwwf . Whoever the heck we work for ? Whatever they 're called , they can make us into middlesicles when they feel like it ? I did this to myself , sticks . With the order that ida thawed me whenever my arch-nemesis , the candle , emerged from hiding . Wow . This is an honor . You must be the new model . Take that , would you ? - Boss ? - yes ? Sorry . Old habit . Perhaps we should call our new friend by the year he was frozen . Sixty-nine . I have your uniform freshly pressed And waiting for you . You 're an angel , ida . Well , like the man said , lead , follow , or get out of the way . I knew the candle faked his death . It was the only way he could shake my tail . Sheer elegance in its simplicity ? - Bad guys still saying that ? - Like a broken record . If the candle has come back , you can bet he 's shopping around for a supply of balthorium-g , but he isn 't counting on me , his original adversary . Still young and burning for the fight . What 's balthorium-g ? Balthorium-g is the fuel he uses to power his melting ray . - Aw , phooey . - Phooey ? What is that ? It 's a polite way of saying . Oh . Since when are we polite ? Ah . My old uniform . I 've always said the clothes make the man . Or woman . He 's looking at me all pervy , isn 't he ? Of course not . I can feel it . Actually , I am . I bet you 've got spectacular stems . I 'm wondering why you don 't show them off . We should discuss strategy . Three steps ahead . We take out an ad in thethrifty nickel under the name " harry lime . " when the candle reads that I 'v egot balthorium-g for sale , he 'll have no choice but to answer . You think an elite super-villain reads thethrifty nickel ? The supermarket classified newsletter ? You fear men won 't take you seriously , that 's why you hide that shapely body under that muu-muu . I hide my ass-kicking , sensei ping trained body because this is the required uniform . Is that what you told her ? What kind of nancy boy makes a hot , spicy spanish girl hide her stuff in a sack ? I can pick my own uniform ? You bet your sweet brioni . It 's too early to rule out a copycat . This might not be the candle . I 'll have ida run a scan for the balthorium-g . The candle always talked to his fences in code through thethrifty nickel . A lot of things are different now . Please . I 'm not some comical throwback to the summer of love . I know my way around . All sorts of new technologies that you may not be ... Like what , the heydar ? I had one . - Well , the internet , e - mail ... - Had it ! - Cell phones ? - Had to retire them . Brain cancer thing . Trust me , nellie , old cats never change their stripes . It 's gonna be thethrifty nickel . I don 't have to wear this coat ? You can wear whatever you like , schatzi ... - Fresh . - Thank you . Ida , how is it that I 've been frozen for 40 years , but you haven 't aged a day ? Oh , stop , ya old flirt . - Ida , get on the heydar . - Ida , get on the horn to ... Sorry . He was my boss first . So , what 's it gonna be , hot stuff ? The thrifty nickel . Oh , and I 'm gonna need a bottle of hai karate , as well . there can be only one middleman . You may want to make yourself scarce . The lions have some pride business to work out among themselves . I can pick my own uniform ? Tyler ? Hey . Lacey let me in . But don 't worry . I only spent the first ten minutes rifling through your underwear drawer . And now I 'm testing your oven . We have an oven ? It 's the metal box where you store the extra paint . I thought you 'd appreciate coming home to an anchovy pizza with a side of ranch . That 's my favorite . You mentioned it during the story about your botchedquinceaÃ ± era . Of course , I didn 't expect you home so soon . Am I the only one getting the awkward vibe ? No , there 's an awkward vibe . Hey , look , sex is one thing , but cooking ... ? If it 's too soon , I get it . No , that 's not what I mean . - I just ... - Oh , no . You know about me . You read it on the web or heard it at one of the clubs . Just come out and say it , dreams of monica . Dreams of monica ? The neo-hippy jam band hit ? The number one song ? That 's not what this is about ? I assumed you googled me . No , I didn 't . But I 'm totally gonna . Oh , brother . Uh ... I was the lead guitarist in casanova charlie . Awesome . Wait . Shouldn 't you be richer ? And less groomed . And on valtrex . Should i ? I should be lots of things . But I left the band after monica , my monogamous and herpie-free girlfriend , and I broke up . " i only have dreams of monica she 's the night I long for she 's the light I see i 'm working on a second verse . monica left me for that d-bag bass player and I walked away from the band before they hit it big - it 's catchy . - Yeah . Whoever I go out with , they eventually find out and I just become tyler the not-a-rock-star , and when the novelty wears off , I 'm just tyler , the-martyr who-gave-it-all-up - To-take-the-moral-high-road . You know what ? The more I get to know you , the less I want to know how it ends . What does that mean ? I don 't see anything in the middlelore that explains how the candle went about acquiring his balthorium-g . - Jaguar . - Like the feral cat ? The brazilian fashion model I was " entertaing " instead of updating the middlelore . The candle will come to us . Relax . I got your hai karate and a fifth of fleming 's commander jamaica rum . Ida , please run the search I 've been requesting for the past two hours . Right after you mix me up a cuba libre . Fine . I 'll do it myself . If only to prove no evil was ever thwarted by lounging on a pelt and sipping moonshine . Talk to me . Why , yes , this is harry lime , and I am looking to unload some balthorium-g . Don 't be stingy on the sauce , ida . You don 't really think the candle 's gonna fall for this lame sting , do you ? A stakeout can be a valuable bonding exercise and this is an excellent opportunity to ... Fire and brimstone ! We do not smoke in the middlemobile . Why not ? Is there something combustible in here ? Only my temper when I see a man willingly invite cancer into his body . Cancer ? Everyone knows the surgeon general is a red dupe . I bet wendy would enjoy a cigarette . She 's a girl who knows how to get crazy . Oh , did you have another code 86 ? It ain 't a code 86 if you don 't activate the protocol . This was more like a hot night at the boom-boom burlesque . - Oh , lord ! - Don 't be square , baby . Studies show women have a boost in intelligence after the physical act of love . What this group needs are stakeout treats . Pick me up some jelly babies while you 're out there , hazel . So , who is the lucky stallion ? The only guy I 'm thinking about is the candle . He 's not here yet . - You don 't know that . - Oh , yes I do . I can sense him . An arch-nemesis isn 't just an adversary . He 's the ying to your yang . Yes , that 's buddhism , sweet pea . And I 've learned to anticipate his every ying . I can tell your boss isn 't really the type to have these sorts of chats with you , bu I 'm just gonna lay it down straight . Have all the fun you want with your guy but cast him aside before you fall in love . - You don 't believe in love ? - Of course I believe in love . That 's what we fight for . So the world can love . Unfortunately , we 're not the world . I 've seen it before . Everyone starts this job the same way . Wide-eyed idealists thinking they can have it all . Save the day and get the girl . But it always ends the same way . How does it always end ? With the love of your life eviscerated by some super-genius in a cape and a body sock . That happened to you ? That 's how it ended with my first wife . And the third and fourth . What about the second ? She left me for a super-villain . - That sucks . - Yeah . You sweat the satin , share some laughs , then she gets her face melted off by some ray gun wielding beatnik . The candle ! I 'm gonna ask you one question . You have three chances to answer . Where is the candle ? I told you . The candle 's dead . That 's one . Here 's your second shot . Where is the candle ? There 's , like , a hundred people who can verify it . His funeral was packed with friends and family . His granddaughter read a poem she wrote . Ask her . Or his priest . A super-villain with a priest ? To me he was just kindly Mr. Mccandle , the cardigan-wearing old guy from the neighborhood . My dad died when I was little . The candle killed him ? No . Cancer . He was a smoker . Mom need help around the house , and he was really handy . Sometimes while he was fixing the garbage disposal or whatever he 'd tell me stories about how he was a super-villain before he found jesus . I thought he was kidding . But this weird thing happened . He melted your house ? He gave me a letter . He told me not to read it until he was dead . After the funeral , I read it , and he told me how I could find his melting ray , and how to use thethrifty nickel to find balthorium-g . He wanted you to continue his work ? Wanted me to donate it to science , see if they could find out how to use it for good . Come on , a guy leaves you a melting ray , you 're not gonna steal some things ? The whole thing is just ... Sheer elegance in its simplicity . Listen up , you damned , dirty hippie . This is your last chance . Put him down ! I 'll put him down , all right ! What the hell is that ? The thing that 's gonna bash in your commie flower-child head if you don 't tell me where the candle is ! - Like I said , he 's dead . - Liar ! Enough . No . He sings or he picks up his own teeth with broken fingers . We need to speak outside . Don 't you know how to conduct an interrogation ? Who you save the world from ? Kittens ? It 's over . He 's lying but you 're too much of a little girl to see it ! You served this organization with pride and honor . And I thank you for your service . What is that ? The chance to retire with dignity . Step aside . You 're out of line . Middleman only uses violence ... When the fate of the world is at stake . Yeah ! You got the first one for free . Sorry , sugar buns . There can only be one middleman and he 's it . This middleman , this sword of the people , rest in the fond sheath of retirement ... Sharp as the justice he did once and will forever champion . Pugnantes malos ne hos pugnetis and now , a passage from my poem , the unbroken chain . Why don 't we just skip it ? Very well . We 'll proceed with the watch presentation . Interrodroid ? Take it in , honey . This too can someday be all yours . Our issues aside , a middleman who makes it to retirement is breathing rarefied air . I admire you . You entered a middleman , you leave a civilian . For the record , please state your name . My name is guy goddard . Choke on it . Hello , lacey . Hi ... Strange but alluring man with broad shoulders who inexplicably knows my name . Can I help you ? Why , yes . You can help by offering the name of the scent gracing that milky white skin of yours . Turpentine , papier mchÃ © , fake blood and hot glue . I 'll just call it heaven . Guy goddard . My friends call me " god . " lacey thornfield . But , yet , you already inexplicably know that . Not so inexplicable . I work with your roommate . Guy ? What are you doing here ? At present , i 'm looking for some hooch . Hey ! You stay away from my roommate . I meant a drink . Oh . Fatboy 's farm apple wine . Swanky . To snuffing out the candle . Guy . You gotta give it up . Really ? Because after that sham ceremony , I hit the whisper stream hard . I got results , and I got a plan . Does your plan involve realizing that the candle 's dead ? Think I 'm gonna spend the rest of my days like an unfrozen caveman , marvelling at your brave new world of drive-through coffee and online porn ? This situation stinks , dollface . A million dollars in jewels were taken and that kid can 't account for them . He said he gave them to a fence . Sure he did , but pour this into your jigger . There 's a huge amount of money floating out there . Now add a splash of this . Lord jeremiah purcell , the eurotrash arms merchant , just brought 4,000 angstroms of balthorium-g into the country . Finally , add this pickled onion . It takes one angstrom to wipe out an entire city . The perfect gimlet of melt-ageddon . Not if we sneak into lord jeremiah purcell 's vault and place a tracker in the vessel holding the balthorium-g . If I 'm right , we catch the candle red-handed . I 'm wrong , and the candle is dead , no one will be the wiser . Maybe you are right , but I can 't just go behind the middleman 's back . Your boss thinks i 'm a loose cannon . He won 't believe a word I have to say . And while he dithers , 4,000 city-melting angstroms of balthorium-g are going to be out there in the open . Wendy , being a middleman in traing is about more than just replacing us should we die . It 's keeping us honest , making us see the other angle . How do we sneak in ? Tonight , lord jeremiah purcell is hosting a nefarious bunch of scoundrels and ne 'er-do-wells for a game of cards . Cards ? Great . I 'm in . Not so fast . Have you ever played shibumi ? It 's a wicked , soulless game . Each player is dealt a full deck of cards . Every card has its own name . There 's 589 unique physical and verbal challenges to every hand and if anyone shows the slightest ignorance of the game 's byzantine rules , they are decapitated by lord jeremiah purcell 's manservant , the speechless , thoughtless brute , govinda . I killed an 86th level bloodlust catamite on gut wrencher 1 . I think I can handle your little card game . Deal . Now , you 're gonna have to learn two things in the next 15 minutes , how to play shibumi and how to dress like a real woman . This is how a real woman dresses ? I don 't make the rules , twiggy , I 'm just ... The middleman . Ladies and gentlemen , welcome to our game . I 'd like to introduce our newest player , the american gambler harry rule and his dissolute lover , the contessa caroline di contini . ? anatol gogol , also known as the monocle , count manzeppi , the scot , and , of course , the icy vilma schnipp . I , lord jeremiah purcell , will call the game , and as always my manservant , the speechless , thoughtless brute govinda will keep the players honest . Mr. Rule , every player has brought a rare and priceless artifact as their stake . What have you brought to our table ? The missing 18 and a half minutes . Weren 't you a popsicle in ' 72 ? Time travel . I spent five days in the 70 's back in ' 66 . Dealers ! The cards ! Your play , Mr. Rule . No pressure . the official schematics for the lunar landing soundstage . Read ' em and weep . Fifty-two of a kind ! If you 'll excuse me , i 'll run off to the little boys ' room and the lady will take over my hand . Welcome to the game , countess . Tuts beat slims , cats beat tuts . Double rainbow . Brava . Two mannequins . Three mannequins . Four mannequins ? No mannequins . No way , no how . She 's called your bluff , miss schnipp , and that means a siege ! Anatol gogol takes the siege . A glue stick ? A cheat among us ! Govinda ! Now ! No one dies on my watch . Seize her ! Dubbie , duck ! - Thanks . - Don 't mention it . - How did you know ... - Been watching out for you all along . I 'd be a cruddy middleman if I didn 't assume guy would come at you with some proposal . Guys like guy , they never quit . Now , where is he ? Ripley 's believe it or not ! guy ! He melted my hand . The candle ? He really is alive ? - And the balthorium-g ? - Oh , he took it all . Four thousand angstroms before I could put the tracer in . Yeah , he , uh , said he was gonna melt the moon . Oh , phooey . Yeah . Phooey . Hold still , E woobie . Pan down the puppy dog eyes , ida . This isn 't the hand that rocks the cradle , if you know what I mean . Don 't get fresh with me , pony boy , I might actually have to take you up on something . Guy . I owe you an apology . I take back what I said . I wish I could take back what happened . We 're soldiers . We knew the risks . I should have known that being a middleman isn 't something you turn off . Don 't let 's start liplocking just yet . People . Me losing a meathook ' cause I couldn 't stop scratching the itch is a drag , so let 's talk about something more interesting . The candle is out there , and I know exactly where he 's taking that balthorium-g . Snake island . What is that , near dead man 's bluff ? Right below the devil 's throat . I 'm glad to see you 've done your homework . I was just being snarky . October of ' 69 , right before the candle vanished , rumor had it he was building the world 's largest melting ray . I 'm betting aardvarks-to-asses that he 's loading up that moon-melting weapon with the 4,000 angstroms of balthorium-g from lord jeremiah purcell 's nefarious mansion . Not if we destroy that melting ray . ida ? Use the heydar to scan the pacific ocean and look for snake island , alleged home of the candle . Roger that . Guys , I hate to rain on anyone 's parade , but the middlejet only has room for one , so am I on secret island lair strafing duty or what ? Chickie baby 's never been to a supervillain island lair has she ? Sweetie , when a bad man builds a home for his world-destroying ray , the first things he buys ... Automated missile defense package . Barrier mines . Android guards to protect the island after the supervillain has died . And a lot of scandinavian furniture . How do we get to the candle 's lair ? Maybe scotty can beam us down . It 's an obscure reference to a canceled television show . I 'm sure you 've never heard of it . Actually , I do have a plan . The dsv-4600 middlesub . The 4600 . We haven 't really used that in quite a while . Better take it out of mothballs . Only its asbestos will deflect the island 's defense system . Right . Then it 's settled . We 're off to snake island . In the cancer sub ? - Hey . - Hey , tyler . I 'm about to knock on your door . Can you hear that ? Oh man , now I feel even worse than before . You 're not home , are you ? I 'm so sorry . And the tone of your " i 'm sorry " leads me to believe you 're not gonna be here any time soon . Noser has a key . You could let yourself in and cook me another meal and leave it in the fridge . Don 't tempt me . My gazpacho refrigerates like a snow-nado . - A tornado made of snow ? - You know it . Why are you being so cool ? Because I love that you have a job you love and are good at . You do what you have to do and when you get back , i 'll still be around . Really ? Wendy . Maybe tomorrow you 'll leave me for some d-bag bass player or maybe we 'll wake up 70 years from now on the front porch of some florida old folks community rubbing vicks on each other . Tempting ! What I 'm saying is , i 'm in this , and I 'd be a pretty cruddy guy if all it took to get me out of it was a late night at work . - I 'll talk to you soon . - Later . Don 't worry , I 'll get you back home in one piece . Must be difficult for you , having original recipe around , taking control . He 's hardly original anything . He 's one in a long line . As am i . Doing our job . Our job means he 's wearing a hook the rest of his life . Why does he do it ? Why do you ? Seriously . You can 't retire happily , you can 't love ... Can 't love ? Halls of montezuma , dubble ! Who told you that ? He did . And you took his word for it ? He said it was impossible . Love isn 't an impossibility for us . It 's an impossibility for him . Then why aren 't you with anyone ? My choices are my own . And make no mistake . I 've loved and been loved . If true love shows up at your doorstep , and you drive it away , that 's on you , not the job or anything else . This place looks deserted . Don 't be fooled . The candle 's melting ray could be anywhere and ready to fire at any minute . I have a question . Why are you guys in wetsuits , and I 'm in this honey ryder thunderball nightmare ? Honey ryder 's from doctor no . Ah , you make me sick . Scandinavian furniture . There are three exits out of this chamber . We 'd better split up . Earthquake ? I believe that 's a third stagebalthorium-g electromechanical turbine going though its initiation sequence . We better hurry . You take that corridor . I 'll take this one . That one 's yours , sweet thing . I 'll call when I find the ray gun . Shores of tripoli ! - The melting ray , that 's the sound of ... - I know . But it 's too late , we have to go back . Too late for what ? I 'm sorry . Your middleman , he 's dead . This was a trap . The candle melted your boss , now he 's melting the island . We go back . - He can 't be . - But he is . We can 't just leave him here . The candle melted him ! I 'm going down there . I have to see for myself . Sorry , toots . But the only thing more dangerous than an attractive woman is an intelligent woman . - You killed him . - No . It wasn 't me . The candle 's weapon , that 's what did him in . The candle ? There 's no guards here , there 's no henchmen . You couldn 't stand being put out to pasture so you lured us here , figured you could use your old arch-enemy 's weapon to make it look like an ambush . There is no candle . This is your plan . I did what I had to do . You stole the 4,000 angstroms of balthorium-g ... - You melted your own hand . - There can only be one middleman . You thought you could replace him as a hero and have me as your sidekick ? My plan is ... Sheer elegance in its simplicity . That 's right , guy , the bad guys are still saying that . No . I 'm not the bad guy . We can 't both do the job . This is the only way . Why don 't you finish what you started and shoot me ? You 'll never be the man he was . You 're not the middleman . You 're the candle , a coward who kills people with his melting ray . My god . What have I done ? Don 't make a move ! There 's still a chance to save him , I swear . Wendy ! You have to shut off the melting ray ! - You can 't . - Why not ? I defeated the candle so many times by shutting down his melting ray in the last minute , that he built this model without an off switch . Once you turn it on there 's no going back ! What are you doing ? Don 't worry . My plan is sheer elegance in its simplicity . There 's something I need to do very badly . What 's that , dubble ? Snake island will always be remembered as the field where the candle and the middleman had their ultimate confrontation . I can 't think of a more fitting memorial . Is that gonna be the official story ? I think so . I thought middlemen told the truth and nothing but the truth . I am telling the truth . It 's only the facts I 'm changing . I know I 'll never be as much fun as he was , ida . Yeah . He was snappy dresser too . He did know how to dress well . Unlike , say , uh ... Crack wise all you want about my eisenhower jacket , dubble , but ? it 's named after a man who led soldiers through harsh times against the darkest of evils . This jacket says something about ... About me , the man I choose to be . So what does this uniform say about me , other than you 're my boss ? If you feel you need to make a change , then make a change . - But make it count . - Really ? I think you 've earned it . This gazpacho is amazing . Well , you know , making great soup is like my mutant power . That 's your mutant power ? That , and I can set fires with my mind . Why ? What 's your mutant power ? You know what , tyler ford ? I don 't think I have one . Is everything ... ? Yeah , but can you just hold on for one ... Ok , where were we ? Like the watch is the only surveillance we have . Really , ida ...
