 Is this the part where I ask you who the hell you are and what the hell you do ? Our mandate is protect people from threats , infra , extra and juxtaterrestrial . Not to become coumed with the mundane problems of everyday life . Dub-Dub , who 's your boyfriend ? He 's not my boyfriend . He 's my boss . Hi , Wendy 's boss . Apparently you have something for me . Oh , this is for you ? My skin thanks you kindly , Lacey , as do I. Sensei Ping is the most lethal man . Since he has agreed to train me into a killing machine to be a better sidekick to you , there are three things I must remember before meeting . I 'm a confrontational spoken word performance artist . I confront . I speak . - What do you do , Dub-Dub ? - I 'm a visual artist . I am your best friend . Wow , Mom . Exiled Cuban tenors . Yeah . Yeah . I 'll make sure I 'm watching Canal Cinco this Friday at nine . Yeah , Mom . Actually I am writing Aunt Sarita a thank you note for that " Little Havana is for Lovers " needlepoint throw pillow this very second . Yes Mother , I am very aware of how difficult it is to needlepoint when you have plantar fasciitis . What was her address again ? ... Drive , yeah . Got it . I 'll put it in the mail right now . OK . Gotta run . Love you . Have you said thank you today ? For the fact that your mother ... I assume that by " your mother " you mean Dr. Barbara Thornfield MD , PhD . That Dr. Barbara Thornfield MD , PhD has a full and interesting life and doesn 't need to micro-manage yours ? For the fact she only calls once a year and that 's to rationalize for missing my birthday ? Could you hand me that lid over there to close that can of worms I just opened ? You 're the lucky one , Dub-Dub . Phone calls , care packages , greeting cards ... Well , I guess I do love her in all her hectoring Latina glory . When was the last time you talked to Dr. Barbara Thornfield MD , PhD anyway ? Knife . Twisting . Because if she 's finished heading that pediatric cardiac surgery unit in the Ukraine , maybe you could invite her to Art Crawl . Yeah , right , ' cause I 'm sure that Dr. Barbara Thornfield , MD , PhD is just dying to come to an art show hosted by her daughter , her cynical roommate and their bohemian friends . - I 'm ironic , not cynical . - You 're on peyote . Seriously , what 's the harm in asking ? We created Art Crawl so we could show our work off to the world . Why shouldn 't Dr. Barbara Thornfield , MD , PhD get to be here at least once to bear witness and have some grain punch ? - Art crawl ! - Art crawl ! Hello , may I speak to Dr. Thornfield ? It 's her daughter . She only has one . Lacey ... Thornfield . Yes , I 'll hold . - Lacey ? - Dr. Thornfield ? Hey , it 's me . So I know I haven 't spoken to you in forever , but I 've actually been thinking of you a lot and I 'm performing tonight at ... Oh , I 'm sorry . I thought you were my mom . Yes , I 'll continue to hold . And one month the theme was Art Crawl Department Store , and our floor was women 's intimates , so Lacey and I hung bras from the ceiling and I get the feeling you don 't share my enthusiasm . Then I 'm wearing the right expression . Dubbie , I wish I had time to prepare you for your first session with Sensei Ping . He 's trying to say it 's been nice knowing you . It 's not gonna be that bad . The man loves pain and suffering like tornadoes love trailer parks . I get it , I get it , it 's like Bruce Lee coming back from the dead . And beating you with his own coffin . Sensei Ping has destroyed a hundred wannabe Middlemen . He 'll cut you down like Satan 's gnarly fist . Really ? You mean I could fail out of this ? Dubbie . You 're my hand-picked . I know you 'll do well in there . I 'm here to support you every step of the way . You did sign a living will , right ? - Ida ! - Sensei Ping made you cry . - He did ? - Yeah . And the big green cheese is supposed to be Sensei Ping 's favorite apprentice . - He made you cry ? - In times of extreme stress , crying is an inevitable physiological response . Sure it is , cupcake . Smoke ' em if you got ' em . I 'm devoid of human emotion and that made me want to wince . You should have been more supportive of her . The psychological advantage is crucial . Oh , sure . I 'll get to it , after I powder your diaper . That 's it . We lost her . I 'll get the bugle and the flag . That was awesome ! That was the best thing ever ! The teaching ! The learning ! The laughter ! The bonding ! I swept the leg . I guess Sensei Ping 's got a new favorite . I thought the chances of Dr. Barbara Thornfield , MD , PhD making a same day appointment were one in negative one . It was so weird . I called , I held for like 45 minutes and then I asked and she said yes . You just blew my mind . Yeah , almost didn 't happen , too . At first Francis busted into the line and said she couldn 't come . - Who 's Francis ? - Her assistant . Your mom 's assistant listens in to your conversations ? Yes . She always has someone monitoring her calls in case Henry Kissinger 's trying to reach her . Oh , right , Kissinger . My bad . So he mentioned something about some sort of honorary degree in Abu Dhabi . And then Dr. Barbara Thornfield , MD , PhD said to reschedule the flight . She 's never rescheduled for me . I hope this doesn 't mean she 's dying . Oh look , it 's my ... Weird work-related video pager that no other temp I 've ever seen has ? Exactly . Do you mind if I ... Call Sexy-Bossman 's crabby assistant ? Nope . Be my guest . I 'll get hooks . Hey , Ida . Can this wait ? Sure thing , sweetie . Catch you later . - Really ? - No . Drop the fattie and get over here . Some chicky just went monkey fudge on her husband . They were taking a camping trip for their honeymoon - and she attacked him with an RV . - Driving ? - Throwing . - Wince . Right before she tried eating his flesh . - I 'll be right there . - Oh , thank heavens . I think we should hang the gun-toting ape outside the door . I might have to do the hanging later because ... Something came up at work . - ... something came up at work . - I didn 't see that coming . - But I 'm not ditching Art Crawl . - You better not . Lacey , Art Crawl is my mecca . I 'm just gonna take care of some stuff and I 'll run back home . - Art Crawl ! - Art Crawl ! A woman could throw an RV at her husband for several reasons . Perhaps it was steroids . Perhaps she was bitten by a bat with a new and powerful strain of rabies . Perhaps ... Perhaps she realized her husband took her camping for their honeymoon . Camping is a perfectly viable alternative to expensive international travel . Sure , Opie , whatever you say . My point is , I don 't think it was any of the above options . The way this story is unfolding , the rural setting , the civilian who suddenly turns into a ravenous flesh eater ... My gut says we may be dealing with the seminal stages of a zombie outbreak . Entrail-ripping , brain-chewing zombies ? The very same . Cool . Dubbie , there is nothing cool about zombies . Mr. Argent ? Hey . Miss Blunstone and I are claims adjusters with Time of the Season Unlimited Mutual . Would you mind telling us how you got here ? Oh . Sure . Bonnie Blue and me took the turnpike as far as Bristoltown , then decided the mountains would look nicer from the parkway , - so we cut over ... - Why don 't you start with last night ? Oh . Well . I 'd caught and cleaned up a couple of trout for dinner . Had trout gore all over me . Anyway , Bonnie was washing up by the pond . But she came back all scary . Gray skin , yellow eyes , sharp teeth and green slime shot out her mouth . - Ahh . - She tackled me . Felt heavier than a fridge . With a sink in it . That didn 't seem right . She 's tiny . But we rolled around like that . Her trying to chew my face off . Me trying to keep her from chewing my face off . Finally I whacked her with a log from the fire and ran to the woods . That 's when the camper came crashing over the trees . This really isn 't like her . Mr. Argent , I must ask you something very important now . Did Bonnie Blue bite you ? Before or after going nuts ? Uh , I 'm guessing after . Miss Blunstone , would you please draw the curtain ? I hate this part of the job . Uh ... did I miss something ? Clearly that man 's wife is a zombie and she bit him . If he 's not a zombie yet , it 's not far off . distant , lethargic , emotionless . I think that 's called morphine . You 've seen movies , Dubbie . Zombies beget zombies . The only way to stop them is to completely destroy the brain . Oh come on , isn 't there something else ? Do you have any idea how serious a zombie outbreak is ? A Middleman died in a zombie outbreak , to come back from the dead as a zombie . His Middleman-in-training had to shoot him in the head . - You want to shoot me in the head ? - No . Then we have to stop the outbreak before it starts , by putting one ? between this man 's eyes , - we will save countless millions of lives . - Oh , god , please don 't kill me ! Congratulations , sir . Zombies lack any sense of self-preservation , which means you are definitely not a zombie . You 're not gonna shoot me ? Completely unnecessary . Get well soon ! You are certifiable . You just threatened to kill that innocent , defenseless man . I had to know he wasn 't a zombie , Dubbie , and time is of the essence . As Sensei Ping always says , " The goat who tarries is a friend of death . " But he also says the badger shouldn 't bare its teeth when peace sits at the tea table . He said that to you ? Yeah . Is that some kind of a big deal ? No . It 's an " aces high according to Hoyle " fantastic deal . - What is it , Ida ? - Zombie attack in progress . - Just outside of town . - Flowers for Algernon ! We 're on our way . What is it , Noser ? Pip 's being all territorial again . Yo Pip , hands off Wendy 's stuff . I have to make room for my paintings . You 're not hanging your paintings outside my door . You have wall space on the fifth floor . No one ever goes there . Not my fault you drew a place next to a guy who makes creepy phallic sculptures . Now put Wendy 's stuff back and sweep out the elevator . Think you might want to be a little easier on Pip ? His dad does own the building . Sorry for snapping , Pip . You can hang one painting . - How about your nude self-portrait ? - That 's my sister . Hey now . Awkward . So , you hear about who 's coming to Art Crawl ? Dr. Barbara Thornfield MD , PhD ? I thought she was disarming landmines in Bosnia . No . That was last year . So what are you gonna do for Art Crawl ? - Stump the Band . - Stump the Band ! I wanted to retire it , but Stump the Band has become something greater than myself , and it will not be denied . Hey , Lacey , since you two are doing spoken-word , I should perform my epic monologue , " Hey , Mr. God . " I 've got gluten-free bread to bake . Oh ! Hey , Noser , make sure you wear your purple jacket tonight . It 's adorable . Yeah . You heard the lady . Adorable . - Art Crawl , baby . - Art Crawl . Ladies and gentlemen , we 're from the Atkinson Memorial Insane Asylum . Please move away from the building . Which way do we go ? In situations like this folks are running from danger . That makes our job easy . Run toward it . Get out the way ! Trout ! - Did that woman just say trout ? - I was gonna ask you . - Watch out ! - Trout ! Help me put her in the car . How do we know she 's out for the long haul ? Dubbie , one great session with Sensei Ping doesn 't make you Sonny Chiba . I just wanna make sure Bride of Frankenstein doesn 't go crazy on us at 64 miles an hour . Trust me . I juiced this lady with enough tranquilizer to take down a Bengal elephant . Trout ! Two Bengal elephants . Trout . This is a real head-scratcher , Dubbie . I 've seen every kind of zombie and they always crave the same thing : the flesh of the living . Never once have I seen a zombie demand ... - Trout . - Maybe it means " brains " in another language . Not in any of the 18 Earth languages in which I 'm fluent . Can 't we just feed her trout ? Would you give a dope fiend their fix ? Don 't answer that . It might stop her cravings , but it 's not exactly a cure . Well , at least we have her in our custody , - and the outbreak is contained ... - Oh , isn 't she cute ? She thinks she 's gonna get out in time to hang paint with her bolshie friends . Guess again , punkie . Honeymooner 's heart rate 's inceasing half a beat every thousand and five seconds . - Which means ? - Trout . One , she still has a heartbeat , so there may just be a way to pull her back from her zombified state . And two , if we don 't find an antidote , her heart 's gonna explode like a sausage casing full of weasels . I 'm just gonna go ahead and run Bonnie 's blood through HEAL . That 's the Hemo-Electric Antidote Locator . I didn 't ask . We need to find the cause of this zombification and pronto . Oh , phooey . Don 't be sad , crumpet . The art world 's loss will be everyone 's gain tonight . I 'll put a sock in it , Circuit City . Let 's jet . So , I was thinking , maybe you should let me drive today . But why ? Well , you know , I 'm learning , training . Sensei Ping thinks I 'm pretty good , and I do have a Middlemobile of my own . I don 't know if you 're road ready . We could get into some kind of high-speed chase situation ... Against zombies ? I admire your ambition , Dubbie . But given the spotty history Middlemen have had with zombies , I think maybe I should stay behind the wheel on this one . Sure , you could do all the driving . But you know what Sensei Ping says ? The turtledove who grows content in the nest loses his wings at dawn . Sensei Ping is a wise man . So OK , guys , just remember , there 's no valet parking this month because Joe 90 lost his license . Oh , not to the cops . He literally just lost it . Rigth . Also , to cut down on confusion I 've made the recycling into 11 easy categories , so I better not find any more high density polyethylene in with the low density stuff . OK ? And that 's it . Keep up the great work , guys . Go , Art Crawl ! - Art Crawl ! - Yes . All right ! Looking good , Noser . I 've got the city 's best stylist . How do I look , Lacey ? Oh Pip , you 're like a little ray of sunshine . I 'm supposed to look dangerous . Wendy 's gonna wish she saw that . Oh , it 's my mom . Dr. ... ? What ? Henry Kissinger ? Tonight ? No ... No , of course I understand . What about the Arm of Oblivion ? That the one where you drive your arm straight out then hook it back into their throat ? Hot diggety dog . Sensei Ping said I was the first pupil capable of that move . - What about Danger Toes ? - Oh , that one 's fun . What about the Three Terrors ? - You jealous or something ? - Jealous of what ? Oh come on , you 've been grilling me about Sensei Ping all day . - I 'm proud . - Proud ? Dubbie , I selected you for this job . If you survive Sensei Ping , that means I made the right choice . If you impress Sensei Ping , well then , that 's just a humdinger then , isn 't it ? You 're not even a little jealous ? What little mental space I have for negativity is currently taken up by my concern for the young bride whose life we need to save and the impending zombie apocalypse facing the world . Gosh Ace , then I 'd better drive faster . Yo . So , guess who 's not coming to Art Crawl ? - Oh , crap . What happened ? - Henry Kissinger . That guy ! Cambodia . Chile . Now Art Crawl ? And I guess you also hate me too for making you ask Dr. Barbara Thornfield MD , PhD to come . In that profoundly messed-up way that the children of narcissistic workaholics displace their anger from the parents to the people who truly love them , absolutely . - Sorry . You holding up OK ? - Yeah - But not really ? - Ye I just wish I didn 't care . It 's only natural to care . She 's your mom . But you know what ? You 've still got your friends , and we 're your real family . And if Dr. Barbara Thornfield MD , PhD can 't be bothered to come it 's her stupid loss . Look , I don 't want to nag anything , but if work 's gonna keep you away tonight , could you tell me now ? I 'd rather get my coping over with before my performance . I 'm coming , OK ? I may not be able to hang my paintings , but I 'm gonna be there to watch you perform . In fact , zombies couldn 't keep me away . You 're the best . - Art Crawl ! - Art Crawl ! " Bitten By Zombies , A Coping Guide " So , what are we looking for ? Canisters of radioactive waste , vats of medical garbage , anything that would have turned that poor woman into a trout-craving zombie . Did you alter your equipment ? Yeah . Pretty cool , huh ? Looks like somebody 's jealous . Nothing is cooler than standard black . Except skulls . Well , I prefer standard black . Well , you know what Sensei Ping says about skulls . Did you mean what you told Lacey ? You mean about going to Art Crawl ? Yeah . Then we should cover as much ground in as short a period of time so as to insure success . What is it , Ida ? I 've got good news , bad news , more bad news and worse news . First the good news . I know what made our blushing bride a freakazoid . She got bitten by a Peruvian Flying Pike . - Did you say " a flying pike ? " - Whoa ! It 's an extremely rare and dangerous trout predator , native only to remote regions of South America . Completely illegal to import or breed . How in the customs agency did one get up here ? I dunno , but it 's a bad sign . The pike bites anything that moves , and its venom instantly turns victims into mindless , trout-craving zombies . So it 's the venom . That must be why Bonnie 's bite didn 't affect her husband . He had no direct contact with a pike , just with Bonnie . - Plinko ! - So have you found an antidote ? Yeah , but there 's a catch . Pun intended . To make the antidote you 'll need pineal fluid from a Flying Pike . Gosh darn it , what are my chances of finding one of those ? In time to keep the blushing bride 's heart in her chest ? Slim to none . And it gets better . For the antidote to work , it 's vital , I repeat , vital , the Flying Pike must be alive . Right . So if we want to stop a zombie apocalypse and save the life of an innocent young woman , we must capture the fish alive . Got it . This is terrible . If by terrible you mean fantastic , zombie cause destroying , antidote finding , get me to Art Crawl goodness , then , yeah . Dubbie , we needed that extremely rare and possibly unique Peruvian Flying Pike alive . It 's the only way to make an antidote . Don 't get all up on my grill . Like Sensei Ping says , study the fish 's tail if you want to know how to move forward . The Odessey fishery ? I 'll be in the car . There must be enough Peruvian Flying Pike here to trigger trout zombie armageddon . Who 'd wanna do that ? I don 't know , but I intend to find out . Care to tell me what you 're doing here ? Stand back , Dubbie . I 'll handle this . Wanna do Pain 's River ? Sensei Ping taught you Pain 's River ? Yeah , like first thing . The Pain 's River with the knees and the knuckles ? Do you want to talk about Pain 's River or do Pain 's River ? I want to see Lacey 's show tonight . Do you want top or bottom ? All right , shotgun-Joe . Your little fish farm 's the first stop on a zombie assembly line and I wanna know who 's pulling the strings . - No . He 'll kill me . - Who ? Please . I can 't . Sounds to me like someone wants another trip down Pain 's River . No ! Anything but that . He 's called Mr. White . I don 't know his first name . Once a month he sends a truck , picks up more pike , doesn 't tell me why . He pays cash . I 've never even seen his face . - Anything else ? - No . That 's all I know , I swear . Sensei Ping says he 's never seen a man who can lie in the face of Pain 's River . - So , are we done here ? - Hardly . We have to call the Fish and Wildlife commission and drop a dime on these villains , collect several pike , take them back , synthesize an antidote , and save Bonnie Blue from certain death . You get on the horn to Fish and Wildlife . I 'm gonna go to the car and get some gloves . And after that , Art Crawl ! OK guys , there 's only time for a few more songs , so who wants to try and Stump the Band ? Kung-Fu Fighting . Yeah , I know it . Scream Your Love For Me ! - By that cheesy boy-band ? - I bet he doesn 't know it . Oh , I know it . All right , who wants to chance of the last song ? Let 's make it something really hard . Jessie 's Girl . You don 't know it . Whoa , uh ... No . I know it . Thank you , thank you and thank you . And now for the confrontational spoken word stylings of Lacey Thornfield . Lacey , you 're on . Still no sign of Wendy ? - Hey . - Hey . So I 'm just gonna go on without you . I can 't keep everybody waiting . Stump the Band 's over . Come on , Lace . I 'm almost done . And I really want to see you perform . Can 't you just buy me some time ? Fine , but if I put these people through hell and you don 't show up , the stink is on you . Putting them through hell ? What are you talking about ? I don 't have time to explain . I gotta go buy you some time . Is she coming ? Yup , but I need to buy her some time . I need a warm-up act . You mean like me ? Yes , Pip , you can perform your monologue , " Hey , Mr. God . " But no spitting on the crowd , and drop that section about gym class . I will not be censored . No spitting , drop the part about gym class . Got it . Hey , Mr. God ! Did it work ? Ma 'am , can you hear me ? Where am I ? We 're with the Centers For Aquatic Disease Control . You were brought here after suffering an Ichtiolyssavirus infection , but everything is fine now . Just listen to Ida . She 'll take good care of you . - Ichtiolyssavirus ? - Fish rabies . Gotta say , boss , I had my doubts , but we found our pike and we saved Bonnie Blue . Now do you hear that ? It 's the thundering sound of Art Crawl ! Hate to rain on your parade , Dubbie , but this night is far from over . We cured fishzilla over there , what else do we have to do ? The guard at the fish hatchery said he works for a Mr. White . Here you 'll see the address of every Mr. White within 200 miles . So you 've narrowed the list of potential suspects down to ... - ... one thousand and five ? - Spiffy , huh ? But what if he 's not one of those Mr. Whites ? - Or Mr. White 's a fake name ? - Chances we 'll have to take . The possibility of worldwide zombie pandemonium are just too gosh darn high . Do you want me to miss Art Crawl ? That 's a terrible thing to say . Yeah , as my punishment for how well things went with Sensei Ping . Don 't be absurd , Dubbie . The training experience is highly personal and subjective . Each student 's journey unique . Yeah . And mine went uniquely better than yours . I couldn 't be happier you had a good day with ... - Don 't do that . - Do what ? " I 'm so proud of you , Dubster . You doing so well with Sensei Ping is a scrump-diddly humdinger-ding-dang doo . " Please . I know you 're upset about Art Crawl , but sometimes that 's the job . I 'm fine with the job . I love the job . What I don 't love is stretching this out for no reason other than I smoked you with Sensei Ping and you have no other way to deal . I am doing what I do . Focusing on the mission , - which is what you ... - You 're making work . Busy work . If that 's what you want to do , then you live that dream . Dubbie , the fact that you 're good at what you do is the reason I need you here . Well , I have friends that need me and right now your zombie apocalypse is a lot less real than what I can do for them . Hey , Mr. God what about all the poor people ? Hey , Mr. God , someone sure has a high opinion of himself . Hey , Mr. God , what about all the pretty girls and their prettily painted toenails ? Hey , Mr. God , you ever hear of a little thing called the Internet ? Hey , Mr. God , what about me ? What 'd I miss ? You made it . You owe me 20 bucks . Hey , why aren 't you in costume ? - Waiting for Godot ? - Well Godot 's here , so let 's put on some pretty and enjoy what 's left of this night . You really bet against me ? Don 't be upset , it was a beat the spread thing . Yeah . And I beat the spread . I can 't stop wondering , Ida , what if she 's right ? I don 't care . Am I obsessing over this potential zombie attack because deep down I truly feel that her accomplishment with Sensei Ping - somehow diminishes my own ? - I don 't care . What if I am penalizing her without even knowing it ? What if I envy the fact that she 's the kind of person who can have a full and vibrant social life and the support of Sensei Ping ? Hold the presses . There 's something you need to know right away . - Golly , what ? - I don 't care . Wish me luck . Oh , come on . Seriously ? It 's fine . Just go break a leg . Oops . No service . I am city ! I breathe , I hunger . If you cut me , do I not bleed ? Why didn 't you respond to the Middlewatch ? Or answer my call ? - ... asphalt energy . - Why are you talking during Lacey 's piece ? - This is important . - It can wait 10 minutes . You lie the liar believes . - There is a zombie attack in progress . - ... cold night of day . Can I say something without your feeling compelled to follow up with a lecture ? - The First Amendment 's still in force . - Sometimes this job sucks . And though my street cleaners try their hardest , will they ever wipe away the stain the blood of her broken heart ? Trout ! Trout ! Trout ! I hope this chick has good credit 'cause she 's replacing this dress . Dubbie , if zombies take over the world you won 't have much call for fancy clothes . It 's the principle of the thing . How 'd you find her , anyway ? I ran a gamma-cardio-scan of the city , searching for irregular heartbeats . Once I ruled out addicts and frat house skin flick parties , I found Heidi . Frat house skin flick parties ? They 're more common than you think . Heidi here freaked at a rave and tried to beat a DJ to death with his turntable . Then she ran to that convenience store , and well , you know the story from there . How come you didn 't get any Slurpee on your uniform ? I was a Navy SEAL . I know how to stay dry . Smurfette 's here to see you . She might be out a while . What happened to your dress ? Ah , it 's a long story . I have time . I 'm sorry I left the show . I really wanted to be there I would have never left if it weren 't important . I gave you like a hundred chances to say you couldn 't come . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry I had to leave . - Hello , Lacey . - Hey . - Uh , Wendy , there 's been another ... - Temp-employment related emergency ? Yes , in fact . And let me just say how sorry I am to have pulled Wendy away from your riveting performance . Perhaps we could arrange an encore . I don 't think so . - Lacey . - No . I 've had it with him and his big muscles and his pillow lips and his deep , soulful eyes and his work-related excuses . Can we talk about this in private ? Maybe you ought to . You know where I 'll be . She 's just coming to . Is everything OK with Lacey ? Um , let 's just talk to the zombie , OK ? Where am I ? - Drunk tank , downtown . - It 's changed since Friday . Listen , we need to know - if you 've gone camping recently ? - Woods are gross . Been near any exotic flying fish - in the last 24 hours ? - No . - 48 ? - These are weird questions . - Have you eaten fish today ? - No . - What did you eat today ? - Nothing . How do you think I poured myself into this sock ? - You haven 't eaten all day ? - No . Just had a can of ... Just a can of ... What the hell is ... ? It 's an energy drink . The name is four of those exclamational thingies , but that 's how you say it . There 's an empty can in my purse and it totally tasted like fish . Does that matter ? It smells like Peruvian Flying Pike and something else . Trout ? - You can smell that ? - You can 't ? Miss , how did you come to be associated with ... ? It 's a nightmare . My dad 's all over me to get a job . I 'm like , I want to have fun , and he 's like , you have to be a grown-up now . Ok , just skip to the job part . So I went to this casting call to be a ... girl because the ad says they want pretty girls with hot bodies , that 's me , so whatever I just went to check it out . And I 'm stoked ' cause there 's supposed to be travel , but then the travel part , it 's just out in the country , and I 'm like , no thanks . Between you and me I took a few cans of ... on my way out . Did I tell you it tasted like fish ? It 's weird now that I think about it , because I hate fish , but I could not get enough of that stuff . Wish I took more cans . So , let 's reason this out , Dubbie . Somehow Peruvian Flying Pike venom has made itself into cans of ... So there must be a bad guy out there who wants a nation full of ... zombies , or someone made a big mistake at the plant . A soda that contains both venom that turns you into a trout-craving fiend and the trout to satisfy that craving ? I 'm betting bucks to beans it 's a bad guy . Miss , where was the ... plant located ? This creepy warehouse downtown with a big ... sign on top . That can of Heidi 's was no mistake . This whole load of ... is contaminated . Step away from the truck . It 's the guy from the fish hatchery . I 'm going to assume you didn 't have a rapid career transition from fishery guard to soda company guard . Just call me Mr. White . Mother of planting and payoff ! You 're Mr. White ? But you said ... How could you possibly lie in the face of Pain 's River ? Once , I was just a down and out poacher struggling to make ends meet in the face of a growing animal rights movement . a ravenous school of Peruvian Flying Pike attacked me . Fortunately my vulcanized rubber waders deflected most of the bites . Some of the pike I clubbed to death , some I shot , but one latched onto the back of my neck , spitting its venom directly into my spine . The experience left me impervious to pain . So , you were bitten by a pike ? How come you 're not a trout-mongering zombie ? Ah . For 30 days and nights I wandered the jungle , burning with the trout fever , But a friendly native gave me with the antidote . After selling his village to a lumber corporation , an incredible idea occurred to me . That instead of using your misfortune to help others , you could concoct the cocktail of aquatic addiction to make yourself rich by hooking the world on your energy drink . My plan is sheer elegance in its simplicity , isn 't it ? No , it isn 't ! This is never going to work . How do you think you 're gonna get your drink past the FDA ? Hmm . Let 's just say the Deputy Commissioner and I are close friends . Trout ! Oh . That is just sick . Trout ! Tonight , I test market my soda outside the city . Tomorrow ... - I wouldn 't bet on it . - Don 't be so quick to count me out . One doesn 't spend this many years on a plan without buying insurance . Why does everybody have it out for this dress ? Mr. White , it 'll take a lot more to stop us than dead fish . Oh , they aren 't just any ordinary fish . Trout ! Trout ! Trout ! Trout ! - Dubbie ? - Yeah ? - Run . - Trout ! Trout ! Trout ! So , I guess before we become zombie carnage , I should bring up the elephant in the warehouse . That I had a great day with Sensei Ping and I let it get to my head and I wanted to get back to Art Crawl to see Lacey 's performance and I left my post . Now there 's a big steaming zombie pile-up in front of us . If I would have been a better student the world wouldn 't be in danger . - I need to ask you something important . - What ? Sensei Ping teach you the Devil 's Dance ? The world 's about to be addicted to a zombie energy drink and that 's what you ask ? I 'm aware of the danger but the Devil 's Dance is our one shot at getting out of here alive . - You 're not gonna say I told you so ? - No , Dubbie . You may be Sensei Ping 's student but you 're also my student , I 'd be a spectacular bad teacher if I stop doing what I always do . - Which is to fight evil . - Come what may . Not always fun , but it 's who I am . Now did Sensei Ping teach you the Devil 's Dance or not ? No . It 's a good thing you 're such a fast learner . Trout ! * Middleman Trout ! * Middleman - Nicely done , Dubbie . - Well , I got a great teacher . Ida , you need to get down here with enough pike antidote for three adult females and one Commissioner of the FDA . Hurry and the girls might still be unconscious . But I 'm watching The Price Is Right . How is that fun for you ? You 're pre-programmed with the MSRP of every product on the shelf . I 'm not having this conversation right now . Just Get down here fast . Dubbie , not to micromanage , but why aren 't you driving ? What 's the point ? Even with the Devil 's Dance we 're hours behind Mr. White . Right now he probably turned half the countryside into zombies . I guess Sensei Ping didn 't get around to the part about curiosity . - You mean that it kills cats ? - I mean did you try the spare key ? Why would I do that ? You were saying ? Like a Bengal Elephant . The one who does the take down gets to say the catch phrase . Oh , I 'm sorry . Be my guest . Swift justice . " Swift justice ? " Really ? It was in my delivery . Ah . So , remember when I went off on your boss ? Uh ... Yeah . Big muscles , deep soulful eyes , pillow lips , work-related excuses ? Yeah , I remember . - Did I really say " pillow lips ? " - Yup . Did I get you in trouble ? Nah . He 's a big boy . He can handle it . He wouldn 't be Sexy-Bossman if he couldn 't . Yeah . Lace . I 'm sorry I left the show . Look , I got your hopes up , and that was wrong . A zombie bride attacked by a fish ? It used to be airplanes . And Asian dudes . And Asian dudes in airplanes . I don 't know what to do with this . Yeah , well , you 're talking about art school . You know , life was simple . Keep off the freshman 15 , open the window if you 're using spray paint , put a bow around the door if there 's a boy in the room . But real life is ... scary . I 'm just working it out on the canvas . These paintings aren 't a desperate andt violent cry from your subconscious because it knows you 're planning to quit art in favor of a mysteriously urgent and time-consuming form of temping ? Scout 's honor . Hey , Dub-Dub ? - We copacetic ? - Yeah , copacetic . Okay . Although there are still a few things we need to hash out . I knew I shouldn 't have mentioned Sexy-Bossman 's pillow lips . I 'm talking about the next Art Crawl . You know you can never plan these things too early . In spite of recent events I was thinking something supernaturally themed would be killer . Yeah . What about the desperate and violent cries of my subconscious ? Oh . That was inspiring me to do a performance piece from the perspective of the living dead . Like Lady Lazarus with zombies . - That does sound killer . - I will take dictation . OK , so how about something like this ? We cover the stage with soil and a tombstone and a hand reaches out - from the middle of the stage ... - I could be the hand and you sit on it . You could be the hand . I 'll sit on it . - Okay . - And I 'm going to jump up . Great .
