 Too risky , no ? Not to worry This thing 's not loaded The real deal This thing 's dangerous October 15 , 2015 Now that it ' s cold out , there 's a flu epidemic You see lots of people in the streets , wearing masks Our director 's wearing one isn 't that to hide his boozy breath ? Speaking of epidemics , Lemming Syndrome ! Scary ! Sort of like God 's own suicide bomber A virus that makes its victims want to kill themselves ... It 's like , kill yourself off , damn virus ! Already 3 million Japanese dead from Lemming That 's the population of Nagoya ... Scary And 8 million dead in the U.S. ? That 's like Osaka Up to 40 % of the world population could get it ... Couldn 't they come up with a better name than Lemming Syndrome ? But no clues what causes it or how it spreads I might already be infected Oh , leave it on , Navi san But this guy 's an idiot That 's why we like him You think ? Seconds , Mizui ? At this rate , the human race might be exterminated This is a microscopic image of the virus that reproduced itself on the patient 's optic nerve That bundle of cords is the optic nerve Oh ! At that instant the patient was exposed to a stimulating image The brain interprets this secretion as a command to self-destruct We haven 't yet identified the infection route I 'm aware of the " mutated mitochondria " theory but then , it 's easy to blame every new rare disease on God 's wrath Be that as it may , Doctor , what 's the source of that data ? Well , I can 't ... Pressure from the top ? That 's not the case We , right No doubt , as director of the National Laboratory , you can 't afford to comment But surely this must be some sort of bacteriological weapon If we keep mum , the government will attribute the recent boom n suicides to disease , not their own failed policies What 's our unemployment rate now ? 38 % , was it ? There 's no proof What 's that to us , we 're not the media Excuse me The media still care about what 's detrimental to the government ? Maybe a wealthy individual with a conscience would investigate Right , Mr. President ? This it , Doctor ? Hurry up and remember They say the human memory is boundless , but that 's a big lie The walls thicken and rise every year At my age , it 's hopeless " Hey , a geisha " costs money to sleep with " My wife , she 's free " Sleep with another man 's wife " and it 's the cops again " Sleep with a virgin , knock her right up " Sleep with a nun ... " Those officials tore the place apart the other day , but they found nothing Their hearts weren 't in it You 're amazing , a genius , a pro Mr. Detective , you cinched it Someday , I knew someone like you would show up Someone who examined what everyone else ignored I like you I 'll teach you a German poem Have a seat 10 million Yen ! That 's garbage Suit yourself ( Your attention please ) ( German-sounding Japanese gibberish ) ( A pre-war obscene poem ridiculing Fascism ) ( This line means " C 'mon , F * * k her " in japanese ) ( Sorry for his indiscretion ! ) Welcome Tsuruta san ? I 'm Kashiwagi Gin and tonic with Bombay What the hell ! Mizui from Stepin Fetchit Huh ? Where 's Mizui , Kashiwagi san ? Toss it Outside Wow , not a chance against that ... So , they 'll come again , today ? Sure , when they get hungry About when ? I don 't know , they 're unpredictable You also operate a hostel , here ? Yes , but I haven 't had any guests in ages Can you put us up for the night ? No , not in this filthy place Does she have Lemming Syndrome ? Invalids unwelcome ... is it ? Whatever 's wrong with her , I never welcome tied up guests If we untie her , we can stay ? Oh , I don 't know about that , Natsuishi There are sheer cliffs everywhere , perfect for jumping from Oh , I don 't know about that ... If someone wants to die , let them What 's with this lady ? Madam , she happens to be my only grandchild If you can stand this " filthy place , " make yourself at home What to do ? Well ... What do you think , Hana ? Natsuishi , please untie her Right So , care for something to eat ? Hello You 've got company , Mizui Hello , you 're Mizui and Asuhara from Stepin Fetchit , right ? Beef stew all right with you ? That 's great , thanks She 's got Lemming Syndrome Asuhara 's got it , too Why don 't you have symptoms ? Is it because of your music ? I did enough research to know that you are both world famous musicians I 'm ashamed that I wasn 't personally aware of you Who knows why they like that noise Aside from that , audiences at your concerts show temporary signs of recovery What does it mean ? I see , you don 't even know Your so-called noise cures disease Apparently I learned this from that doctor , Miyazawa Most of them are still alive Including Tsuruta san You remember him , your manager ? Tsuruta 's still alive ? Hey , Tsuruta Hey , Asuhara , that 's dangerous Won 't you please heal my granddaughter ? Uesawa Eriko Hey , Tsuruta I 'll call you later Hey , long day Give me a lobster Where 's Eriko ? She went home , exhausted They didn 't die of Lemming Syndrome Even if it 's only temporary , they 're still alive Because of your music Wrong ! What 's " wrong ? " Your noisy music kills the virus , right ? Wrong ! The sound doesn 't kill the virus , the sound feeds it ! Die ! Hey , you guys knew all along What was that about , Mizui san ? Fill up your stomach , you get sleepy , right ? You 've been dead all along No one will let you die If you already know , it 's simple Please , play for the young lady It 's not like we play for a cause You 'll do it , right ? No interest ? I hear a woman drove you to despair I hear this virus breeds on human misery Everybody dies anyway ! What 's the point of getting better ! I wish you 'd let me die Hana , you 're the Miyagi family 's precious heir I can 't just let you die But Grandfather , you always say the human race will collapse What 's the point of inheriting anything ? Hey , wait up Oh dear , have they both left ? Yes , I 'm terribly sorry Asuhara ! Your rooms are ready whenever you are Where 's the bath ? You want a bath ? Then , go out this door , it 's out back Feel free But fill the tub yourself Oh , while you 're at it , drop those in the laundry basket next to the bath , please Care for a cup of tea ? Madam , what do you think ? Would you consider asking them one more time ? Why , me ? I have the impression that they are attached to you , Madam I 'm sure you could persuade them You must be joking Those two do only what pleases them You 've just got to help out Try it yourself one more time Why don 't you and the detective get sick , Grandfather ? Maybe because the beautiful die first You 'd think ugly people would But ugly ones are the survivors I would imagine , when you two die , you 'll die all alone , with no one to look after you Which means you and that guy will , too You and that guy , Mizui , have somehow soiled your hands Forget about Mizui ... Yes , I 'm just like you Mr. Detective , please Hey , Hana Where are you going ? Natsuishi God , I 'm sleepy Mizui san I 'm asking you one more time Just as he was precious to you , Hana is precious to me How do you distinguish viral suicide from real suicide ? That 's a difficult question Asuhara used to say ... So now ... It comes down to the will to recover Oh , I see Asuhara was trying to cure himself I see What about your granddaughter ? She doesn 't have the least idea She 's all mixed-up Only she knows Guess you 're right Maybe you 're right It may not have worked for us , but ... I 'll contact you tomorrow afternoon Thank you Getting cold feet ? I need a bath Of course I don 't want to die ! I 'm sick , I can 't help it ! Shouldn 't we head back Miss ? Hurry up ! We 're out of time ! You said you 'd do it ! What are you doing ? Leave us alone You 'll hear that it 's the place , when you get there Looking back , it was a foolish life , really Right " Why hath Thou forsaken me ? " It 's a mystery I 've never believed in God Are they all dead ? Yes However ... You feel them with you , now ? Yes Well , that 's all right , then You only feel you 're together after they 're dead That sort of thing happens often Yes Care for some stew ? Where 's Grandfather ? He went home , with the detective Want something to eat ? Yes I think this is the best soup I 've ever made What am I supposed to do ? Oh , that 's right , your grandfather left you a message Let 's see here ... " Green beans and celery ... " Not that one " If you need anything , call me " I 'll send it to you as long as I 'm alive " Oh , and another message From Mizui " If you have the will to live , " come again , " he says So pretentious Delicious Isn 't it ? I 've been cooking since long , long before you were born , but it 's only now that I 've achieved such delicious soup You never know Navi san Aren 't you afraid to die ? Oh , no , you fool I never even think about it That 's right This is the day I visit Asuhara 's grave Want to come along ? " In the heart of Tokyo is Marunouchi , " Hibiya Park and the Houses of Parliament " A cool-looking theater , " and the scary-looking Metropolitan Police HQ " A line of Ministries and the Babasak Gates , " the giant Life Insurance building and Tokyo Station " Where 's the train off to ... " ... blowing its whistle " What s it ? Hey , where are you going ? " I desperately wave to stop it " But it still won 't stop ... " When we get back there 's lots to do You can stay as long as you like I never have any customers anyway I will remember I won 't forget Even if it was all a dream Because just like music , you and I are but a dream Which is why , I will remember I won 't forget Soon , winter will be here
