 - His last engagement was with miss lonely hearts . - So ? That shouldn 't matter . I 've cautioned against repeated imprints in the same doll . there are three flowers in a vase , the third flower is yellow . And our sleeper active performed perfectly . Were you gonna say anything ? I just need to get away . The dollhouse is real . They know you 're after them . That 's why they sent me . We have a person inside . what 's happening ? She made a mistake . Now she 's sad . Everyone thinks it 's about the pain . It 's not about the pain . It 's about trust . Handing yourself over fully d completely to another human being . There 's nothing more beautiful than letting go like that . In my experience , that kind of trust always leads to pain . Then maybe you need a session in my dungeon so I can show you otherwise . Thanks . I think I 'll pass . Don 't be so vanilla . You can trust me . I 've already shown that I trust you . I got in the van , didn 't I ? You sure that was a wise decision ? I have a good feeling about you , and I 've got the whip . if you reconsider , I have an opening after my treatment . Don 't even start . I 've got him on another lonely hearts engagement . - What 's that make , nine ? - Ten . How pathetic is that old bag ? Ramirez pretends to be jaded but she 's got a secret stash of bodice rippers in the van . - I 've seen it . - Not true . She wants to be kidnapped by a pirate . I know a guy ... well , if i weren 't madly in love with katherine , I 'd shanghai you myself . I 'd take s and m barbie over him any day . Come on . Your geriatric princess awaits . It 's love . Show some respect . Sometimes it is about the pain . hi , echo . How are you ? Did I fall asleep ? For a little while . Shall I go now ? If you like . okay , oh ! ivy , babe , the post-imprint script may seem inconsequential , but it 's the first thing an active hears after a memory wipe . It 's got to be pleasant . - Not so ... - out of the chair , echo . - That . - You 're behind schedule . Somebody 's a grumpeteer today . What 's the holdup ? You remember how saunders little drill ended with a bullet in my computer ? Guess what that does ? It slows down the schedule . Fix it . You need to get to your appointment with dr . Saunders . Aside from topher being topher , everything 's under control . And I 'll expect you to keep it that way while I 'm gone . Did rossum tell you why they 're calling you in ? Considering our recent track record , I 'm sure they nt to pat me on the head and tell me I 've been running a crackerjack operation . Maybe there 'll be cake . Ma 'am , none of these incidents were your fault . On the contrary , mr . Dominic , everything that happens under this roof is my fault . And for the next 48 hours , it yours . Hello , november . Hello , echo . How are you today ? I 'm going to dr . Saunders . E 's nice . November , it 's time for your treatment . Take a deep breath for me , please . Any permanent damage ? These exams are private . Her last engagement seemed unnecessarily rough . She was a dominatrix . I think that 's the point . I prefer engagements that aren 't about some ... deep , dark sexual need ? You really think it has anything to do with need ? Sometimes , yes . Having a desire you 're afraid or ashamed of expressing can be terribly debilitating . Look how many same-sex engagements we 're called for , even today . And sadomasochism isn 't anything like ... I know . It 's all about trust . But what if the client has the whip ? Mm , you don 't send the actives to be submissives . Man , you got the pitch down . You should fill in for dewitt . I believe the system is flawed , maybe irreparably , but maybe not for the same reasons you do . Echo , you 're all done here . You can go now . Boyd ! In about two minutes , I 'm gonna make a call to dewitt . If you were to do something , maybe get some air , maybe run , I wouldn 't know that you had done that . I have no idea what you 're talking about . You don 't ? I found this in the chair . And ? This chip let someone access the primary imprint protocol , which means they could have altered my imprints . I make a cheerleader , they make a cheerleader that shoots people . Or an assassin that does cheers . Or any active , any time , with a parameter we don 't know about ! We have a spy ? Inside the dollhouse . And you think it 's me ? You think I 'm the spy ? Not in a bad way . If they find out that you talked to me before you called dewitt , they 'll fry you . Yeah , I didn 't really think that through . Thank you . Hey , I 'm boned anyway . I call dewitt , she 's going to take it out on dominic , and who 's dominic gonna take it out on ? Now echo 's drawing attention to us ! Where do I know her from ? Maybe you should go to art class . - And maybe you should call dewitt . - Yeah . echo , are you finished with your tree ? Put the entire house on lockdown . No one comes or goes without my authorization . No land lines , no cell phones or network connections . you . Come on . You 're getting a treatment . - That 's not happy ! - Is everything a joke to you ? You allowed a security breach to develop on your turf . You 're supposed to make sure everybody who works here is on our side . - Who has access to the lab ? - The short list ? dewitt , boyd , uh , ramirez , saunders . When I was in the agency , you know what I 'd do toomeone who exposed us like that ? I 'd kill him . everyone 's unppy today . somebody put her tiny little thinking cap on . He was mean to you . Were you not your best ? If it hadn 't been for me , there 'd still be a security breach . You 'd think the security head would recognize that . Typical middle - management hack . He 's mad at me for not discovering it before it happened . But , uh , I 'm not a counterintelligence agent , so I can 't catch a spy . And you have no idea what I 'm talking about . I can help you . Why would you want to ? Why wouldn 't I ? did I just lose an argument to a doll ? Okay , um ... thanks , but you can 't help . You make people different . You can make me help . Dollhouse Season01 Episode09 hello , mellie . How do you feel ? I 'm jet-lagged . It 's the last time I take the red-eye . And in an emergency exit row behind a crying baby . So , we good to go ? Hang on . Let me double-check the primary protocol just to be sure it took . Where do I know her from ? Come on . The airport shuttle 's waiting to take you home . Mellie ? I heard something in ... in the hallway , where your neighbors walk to their apartments ? I didn 't know you were coming back so soon . - Surprise . - It 's not safe to talk out here . I guess the neighborhood went to crap while I was gone . Not the neighborhood . My apartment . The dollhouse had it bugged . Video and audio . Took a while for me to figure it out , but I found a transmitter in the ventilation . I should search your apartment . I 'm surprised you didn 'T . Well , I was going to let myself in , but ... no . No , it 's okay . You should cheI 'm just going to stay here , where I 'm safe from the ... dollhouse . I guess you didn 'tiss me that much . The dollhouse is way bigger than I ever thought it was . Every time I look deeper , I find more clients , larger amounts of money and a web of financial and political connections all over the world to corporations , the government , even inside the fbi . I take it you haven 't gotten your badge back . But that 's just scratching the surface- - I discovered something else . I think that the dollhouse is underground . Didn 't we know that ? Supersecret underground organization ? Not underground like it 's a secret . Underground like it 's somewhere beneath los angeles . Yeah , you didn 't come back to listen to this . I came back to see you . I 'm sorry . It 's just ... you should go back to your mother 'S . I can 'T . Aside from the obvious reasons , like she lives in iowa and likes toet mup with losers I dated in high school , I realized that I was running away from my life . I 'm giving you an out . You can walk out that door . I 'm pretty sure I can 't even unlock it . I 'm serious . I can 't sleep . The only thing I think about is finding this place , and sometimes , I don 't even know why I 'm after it anymore . That 's why you need someone to help you stay grounded . How are you going to do that ? Let 's start with getting you in sho thewer . too much ? Too fast ? do I smell that bad ? I have a message for you from inside the dollhouse . - That 's not funny . - My name is november . Mellie . Your name is mellie . We knew this would be hard for you to hear . If you 're pissed because I 'm still investigating the dollhouse ... - this body belongs to a doll . - Just tell me . Don 't do this . I 'm sorry we had to deliver the news to you like this , in this body , but the dollhouse has likely discovered that we 've been placing messages in their imprints . And this is the only way we could get the message to you . They did this to you . They did this long before you met me . They 've been using this body to spy on you for months . The only reason mellie exists is because of you . Aren 't I special ? Now that you 've removed their surveillance , they 're going to rely on her re . Don 't tell her anything about the investigation . It will get back to the dollhouse . That 's why you- - she- - came back . Now you understand how dangerous their technology is . I slept with her . I should have known . You can 't tell mellie about this . If the dollhouse knows you know , they will kill you . And they 'll make mellie do it . Mellie couldn 'T . She 's not a regular doll . She 's a sleeper . With the flip of a switch , the dollhouse can turn her into a killer . - If our person inside has been captured , - wait . This is the last time you 'll hear from us through a doll . You can 't tear apart my life and not give me anything . Where is the dollhouse located ? You need to investigate why it exists . Is it underground ? Am I on the right track ? The dollhouse deals in fantasy , but that is not their purpose . Investigate their purpose . - We will find other ways to contact you . - Who ? Who sent you ? I 'm not imprinted with information you 're not supposed to have . - Tell me who ! - Remember , you can 't tell her . - You must maintain the relation - Wait ! Paul , what 's wrong ? Nothing . Then why aren 't you kissing me ? my men have been trying to reach dewitt . She 's still not picking up . She going to be able to pull it f ? I threw my best secret agent parts into the build . The gps on dewitt 's cell transmitter isn 't registering , either . Anything happened to dewitt ... think happy thoughts . - That 's not happy . - Is everything a joke to you ? Notice I 'm not laughing . You need me to take care of this ? You allowed a security breach to develop on your turf . Not my department , mr . Head of security . You leave these doors wide open , computers on , chair running . It 's your job to make sure everybody that works here is on our side . - Who has access to the lab ? - The shortlist ? dewitt , boyd , ramirez , saunders , ivy , any number of handlers or attendants . and the occasional doll wanders up here . Then there 's that janitorial staff . What 's going to happen when the boss lady comes back ? Her wrath is going to rain down on me . And then I 'm coming after you . Let 's go . When I worked at the agency , you know what I 'd do to someone who exposed us like that ? I 'd kill him . Who is our target ? We found nsa tech in our equipment . Dewitt 's known they 've been sniffing around the dollhouse for years . Getting access to their files is our best shot at finding the spy . Tall order . - Oh , if you don tnk you can pull it off ... - I didn 't say that . I just want you to appreciate how awesome I 'm going to be when I deliver . Topher broke their rsa encryption , but only for the internal network . - Which means you need me to get inside their building . - Yeah . Where could a girl get changed around here ? Excuse me . Can I borrow a pen ? Never mind . Found one . - 3q - 3q don 't worry . It 's taken care of . enter your private key . You know the drill . 20 minutes . Nothing goes in , nothing comes out . your card will unlock the files you 're cleared to see . excuse me , ma 'am . I 'm going to have to ask you to step over here . - Did I leave something in there ? - Hold out your arms . Mossad doesn 't even double-tag . Security alert . all employees return to designated scif areas for level one security sweep . security alert . All employees return to designated scif areas for level one security sweep . sorry , ms . Sato . We 're moving everyone from scif offices down to the central lobby . - Just give me a sec . - All right . Security alert . all employees return to designated scif areas for level one security sweep . I need a roof extraction , north end of the building . Correction , extraction on the South end There she goes . Chopper coming in Hurry ! they are closing in - Good morning . - Welcome back , roger . Katherine 's looking forward to seeing you . - May we go now ? - Of course . Have you been futzing around with the equipment ? It 's been running s-l-o-W . Um , I just got here . It 's probably all the wires you crossed to get things working again . Be nice . I think she likes you . Your lady awaits . don 't even start . They 've got him on another lonely hearts engagement . - What 's that make , nine ? - Ten . How pathetic is that old bag ? Well , thank you for the ride . See you at the end of the weekend . Have fun , roger . And stay out of trouble . I promise nothing . oh , thank you . Did I tell you these are my favorites oh . They 're so hard to find this time of year . Just for you , my dear . Katherine . is this your work ? Hmm , " topher . " Is that a name ? They think I 'm headquarters . It could be very urgent , or it could be topher calling to tell me that his sweater 's itchy . Well , I could give it back- - or I could drop it and let the sharks talk to their own . It 's up to you . Well , it is a very slippery phone . I have complained about that a lot . Oh , really ? I hadn 'T ... that was probably a very bad thing that jushappened . Accidents- - what can be done ? You 're trying so hard to relax . Which makes me wonder why you 're trying so hard to relax . Am I that transparent ? No , but I have x-ray eyes . It 's been very rocky at work . Hmm , the dollhouse . It 's hard for me to even wrap my mind around it . Bizarre . I used to head a division that grew replacement organs out of stem cells . - I could tell people what I did for a living . - And now ? You 've told me what you do . Isn 't it just helping lonely people ? Pathetic , self-deluding souls . Now , katherine ... shall we take this elsewhere ? Touch ? Not bad . You almost had me there . Not good either . One more point and you win . Is that all ? roger ? This is what you wanted or you wouldn 't have cut me . You have had a rough day at work . you are perfection . If I could make a woman , I 'd make you . Really ? Yes . In fact , if I were one of your clients , I would order one of you with a spare for when you 're in the shop . what , katherine ? - You 're not seriously considering what I said ? - No . I 'm not suggesting you become a client . - I think the universe might collapse under that one . - Good . Because I don 't want an ersatz you . I want the real you . And I want the real you . It 's ironic . Sometimes I think you 're the most real person I 've ever met . That 's not irony . No one gets that right . Everyone has their first date . And the object is to hide your flaws . And then you 're in a relationship , and it 's all about hiding your disappointment . Then once you 're married , it 's about hiding your sins . Katherine- - mistress of e dark observation . but with you , there 's no reason to hide anything . Real . Let 's run away together . cash in everything we own , and buy a bar on the beach in roratonga . And buy extra phones just to drop them in the water . And we 'd never own clocks or computers or sexy businesswoman shoes . I 'm keeping my sexy businesswoman shoes . And there 'd be no clocks in the bar , only cool local beers , and dogs that wander in from playing on the beach . It could be the weekend all the time . just forget it . It can 't happen . Why not ? What 's wrong ? Something about you ? Something about me ? You aren 'T ... I 'm not who you need ? Oh , no . You 're exactly who I need . We just can 't have that . You have to trust me . I do . I trust you ... completely . darling , what happened ? I 've been out for hours . What happened ? I need copies of personnel records , security logs for the past three months and access to your mainframe . Anything else ? Yeah , some clothes . I can 't catch a spy in my pajamas . I need to interrogate all the people on this list- - now . Who the hell are you ? I made her a spy hunter . You know , hunt the spy . It 's being handled as we speak by sierra . I know , but echo came in and ... she thought ... I thought she could help . If you let me speak to the people on this list , I 'll uncover the spy before your field agent returns . What are her parameters ? She readanbody lguage , knows advanced interrogation techniques and she 's rockin ' a little sherlock holmes . Give me the list . I want to start with him . Uh , I 'm not the spy . I discovered the spy . Remember ? The spy was operating under my nose . Which means you 're either dangerously incompetent or you 're trying to throw us off your trail . I 'm sorry I ever doubted your programming skills . Why are you at the dollhouse ? kind of a no-brainer . I 'm in neuroplastic heaven . I 'm doing work my grad school professors haven 't even dreamed of yet . I mean , I don 't want to brag ... okay , I want to brag . I 'm kind of a genius . Do you really think I 'm incompetent , or are you- - you 're just saying that to appease big bad laurence ? So it matters what other people think about you ? Yeah . I spent eight years studying the intricacies of the human brain and what do I get to do when I graduate ? Get snacks for topher , or get yelled at when i try to do something more . My talents go beyond asking whether he wants chocolate chip or oatmeal . Which I do very well , thank you , but I probably know enough about the imprint equipment to rip it down and reassemble it without topher ever knowing . Well , that didn 't sound good , did it ? I 'm not trying to incriminate you . I 'm just trying to nail down your feelings about the dollhouse . We 're pimps and killers . But in a philanthropic way . Can I go now ? I don 't know why I trust you ... but I do . I must have one of those faces . I 'm looking at the security logs since the alpha incident . When was the last time you left the dollhouse ? I feel like I can better serve the actives if I 'm here . 24-seven ? Engagements run around the clock . You never know when there 's going to be an emergency . I don 't doubt your intentions , but such intense focus on your work can leave other parts of your life empty- - and open to exploitation . Do you have friends outside the dollhouse ? Yeah . You lose . Sierra 's been safely extracted- - barely- - and she has the mole 's identity . No , wait . Wait , no . You don 't understand . I didn 't do anything . - Why would I spy on the doll ... - I don 't care why . We 'll get that from you when dewitt has me torture you . Then you 'll tell us everything . And then dewitt will send you to the attic . Do you know what happens in the attic ? It 's a mental suck . You know that feeling you get when A ... a name is on the tip of your tongue , but you can 't say it ? It 's like that , but with every thought you never have . I am not the spy . You believe me , right ? You take her to theng roldioom . How long ? Until dewitt gets back . How long do you think you can keep this up ? Excuse me ? You work for the nsa . You have a file that says she 's the one . Oh , oh , what , is-is her body language telling you she 's innocent ? No , her language language is telling you she 's innocent . Your body language is telling me something . When you got word that sierra had been extracted with the spy 's identity , everyone in this room got tense . Who ? Who betrayed us ? Who 's the spy ? But you ... you got loose . Your body breathed a big , subconscious sigh of relief . Why ? Because you alady knew that file would implicate ivy . You expect anyone to buy this pseudo-science ? They don 't have to . There was a phone call made to the national security agency after the lockdown . You warned the nsa sierra was coming so that they could plant this file for her to find . You wanted us to blame ivy so that you could continue to operate . I couldn 't have made the call . The phones were shut off . In the dollhouse . Not in this office . Okay , I think it 's time for her treatment . Proof is in the logs . Yeah , and anyone could have snuck in here . You 're right . That 's why I 've let this conversation continue as long as it has . I needed one more sign to confirm my suspicion . And what sign would that be ? 20 seconds ago you have snapped Charles This is the dollhouse . You know how far they reach . There 's no way you 're getting away with this . you haven 't figured it out ? Use your deductive skills . You 're a doll . A broken doll who 's gone off mission before . Now , when dewitt asks me to explain myself ... you 'll tell her I went off mission again . And I had no choice but to kill you . - and topher and ivy ? - Collateral damage . I 'd say I 'm covered . Shouldn 't we help ? Yeah . I helped when I imprinted her with kung fu skills , but be my guest . You 're dangerous . If it were up to me , you 'd have been in the ground a long time ago . You tried to kill me before . You 're another alpha waiting to happen . I 'm not broken . I trusted you with a gift , mr . Dominic . The dollhouse is not a gift . I think the countless people we 've helped would disagree with you . How about the countless people you 've hurt ? - Name one . - Her . Funny ... coming from the man who tried to kill her . Twice . Why did you want to bring down the dollhouse ? What can the nsa do with it that we can 't ? I wasn 't sent to bring you down . I was sent to make sure you didn 't bring yourself down . If it weren 't for me , paul ballard would have found you already . I never lied to you about my methods or my priorities . You lied about your intentions . Do you know what the world will be like when rossum lets the dollhouse slip from its grasp ? The technology needs to be reigned in and controlled . By a clandestine organization with little government oversight ? It 's embarrassing how naive you are . You believe in the dollhouse and its mission ? Just like you believed in me . And look how that played out . You were wrong . Get what you can out of him about the nsa , and have topher prep him for the attic . That 's it , miss dewitt ? You 're signing my death warrant like it was a business transaction ? It is . The agency will figure it out and they 'll come looking for me . And when they do ... you 'll tell them everything 's fine , and then we 'll put you back in your box . What ? Did you think I 'd show you mercy ? Or rage ? Three years by side . I think you know me better than that . You are a piece of work . So they tell me . Good-bye . What 's in store for you- - you don 't have much to smile about . After you beat me to a pulp , they 're going to erase me . But first , they 're going to erase you . I can take care of myself . I know . That 's why I 'm smiling . 'Cause one day , you 'll be erasing them . And even after all this , they still won 't see it coming . Sooner or later , everybody gets theirs . - don 't let him ... - stop him . get on with it . Neuromods set for chemical saturation . Neuromuscular tolitars in place . Ltp de-potentiated . Phertrans mag primed . We 're ready . Do it . the , uh , unabridged laurence dominic . Lose it in the archives . I trust his body is on the way to the atti bleeding . Blood . Uh , coagulating . You should see dr . Saunders . How did I not see this coming ? - No one did . - Yes . You saw enough to imprint echo as an investigator . Yeah , about that . Unless you are about to give me a better parking space , I can 't take all the credit for that . - Ivy ? - Echo . She came to me and asked me to imprint her . Dominic had her in his crosshairs for months . She took out her biggest threat . She 's still evolving . Saunders 's wish fulfillment exercise didn 't fulfill anything . She 's protecting herself . - Do you want me to wipe her again ? - No . She just saved the dollhouse . Keep an eye on her . Echo might be useful to us in ways we haven 't yet realized . Oh , I almost forgot . Um , shelf the roger imprint . Miss lonely hearts phoned and said she no longer requires his services . Some hunky octogenarian sweep her off heLker ? nothing so dramatic . She finally realized the indiscretion was unwise . This would have been easier if you had taken an anesthetic . It 's nothing . No , just a gunshot wound . I know you were close to mr . Dominic . He was an employee with whom I worked closely . There 's a difference . It 's okay to feel so thing . That would imply I 'd lost something . Didn 't you ? Nothing I can 't live without . Ms. Dewitt ? I ran a full security sweep . New background checks on all employees are in the works , but right now it looks like this didn 't go any further than dominic . Congratulations , mr . Langton . For what ? For becoming our new head of security . I appreciate the offer , but I 'd prefer to stay with echo . I need to take care of her . Apparently , you don 'T . It seems she 's the one taking care of us . Echo , I 'd like you to meet your new handler . His name is travis . Go ahead . Everything 's going to be all right . Now that you 're here . Do you trust me ? Do you trust me ? With my life . . : Napisy24 - Nowy Wymiar Napisów : . Napisy24.pl
