 NARRATOR : The 16th century . In England , it was the Elizabethan age . In Japan , a time of brutal civil war . The time of the samurai . The country had been torn apart as powerful clans fought each other for supremacy . Each warlord had his own private army of samurai , Japanese knights , dedicated to battle and honour and loyal to the death . This is the story of the greatest samurai general of them all . His achievements would match those of Caesar and Napoleon . He 'd found a dynasty that would rule Japan for 250 years , And whose ruthless philosophy would shape it until our modern age . And at the biggest battle in samurai history , he would gamble everything in one of the most bizarre military decisions ever made . NAOMASA : He will kill us all . Then what have we got to lose ? NARRATOR : His name was Tokugawa leyasu . And he was to become the shogun . IEYASU : The way of the warrior says I have no designs . I make seizing the opportunity my design . The way of the warrior says I have no principles . I make adaptability my principle . This is how I followed the way of the warrior . Seize the opportunity and the power . It all began with a child . My Lord , The Taiko has asked for you . NARRATOR : On the 18th of September , 1598 , the eyes of Japan were on a six-year-old boy . His father , the country 's supreme ruler , known as The Taiko , lay dying . Among the nobles present , Ishida Mitsunari , The Taiko 's loyal minister , and Tokugawa leyasu , the country 's most powerful warlord . The rivalry between these two men would shape the future of Japan . TAIKO : Hideyori . I 'm sorry , my son . Mitsunari . My Lord . My good , faithful Mitsunari . Leyasu . I want you both to promise me you 'll stand together as allies until my son is old enough to rule . Keep Japan united . NARRATOR : Both Ieyasu and Mitsunari swore to work together in a ruling council . This would govern until The Taiko 's son was of age . But in reality , Ieyasu had no intention of supporting the boy . WOMAN : He 's dead ! He 's dead ! We have to get ready , my son , for the coming chaos . IEYASU : Do you think me dishonourable , disloyal for plotting against The Taiko 's son ? The way of the warrior puts loyalty above all things . But loyalty to whom ? Your leader ? Your country ? Your family ? Let me tell you about loyalty . Twenty years ago , I was just a minor lord and I served a man more powerful than me . And my master said , " Your eldest son , Nobuyasu , I hear he plots against me . " Either he dies or your family will be wiped out . " Even though the accusation was unjust , my son chose the honourable course . I kept the sword that Nobuyasu used . A reminder that loyalties can conflict . This boy is now my heir . Hidetada . A young man impatient for power . I want to be part of the fight . I 'm not a boy . We may not need to fight if we plan and move carefully . Hidetada . You were a gift . Born the year your brother ... Born the year Nobuyasu died . So , I live the rest of my life wrapped in silk because of Nobuyasu ? - I 've tried to protect you . - I don 't need protecting . What I need is the chance to prove myself ! Until you can learn to think before you act , you can do exactly as I say . And I say we use politics , not war . NARRATOR : After months of careful preparation , Ieyasu made his first move . My lord , I 've seen to it you have everything you need for a safe and pleasant journey . NARRATOR : Ieyasu sent The Taiko 's son away from Fushimi Castle and the intrigues of court . It was the opening gambit in a deliberately planned strategy of provocation . And Ieyasu expected a swift reaction from Mitsunari and the ruling council . My lord , you 'll have to miss the performance . Need me with you ? Give me two minutes , Naomasa . Then come and find me . Is there a problem ? COUNCIL MEMBER : You had no right to send the boy away . It means you are forgetting The Taiko 's dying wish . He made us promise we 'd work together for the boy . We gave our oath . And you thought you 'd come down here and remind me ? In your capacity as what , Childminder-In-Chief ? Are you looking for a fight ? No one 's looking for a fight , Mitsunari . But The Taiko left his legacy in the hands of a six-year-old child . Now , excuse me , I am missing the entertainment . Well , you 've just made some people very unhappy . Yeah , I thought it went rather well . NARRATOR : Torii Mototada was Ieyasu 's loyal samurai retainer . His family had served and protected his master 's clan for generations . So , I finally get my own bed back . It 's me . We can see . Who are they ? Mitsunari 's men . Mitsunari ? I 'll kill him . You 'll do nothing , understand ? You 'll leave Mitsunari to me . You 'll do nothing ! IEYASU : Why didn 't I act against Mitsunari ? The way of the warrior says , " Make impatience your enemy . " Mitsunari was predictable , a pen-pusher , not a soldier . One should be in no hurry to remove an opponent you know you can beat . Of course , I hadn 't planned on the reaction of my hot-headed son , Hidetada . Along with li Naomasa , one of my generals , he traced Mitsunari to a friend 's mansion . And Hidetada had vengeance on his mind . Close the gate ! COURTIER : Lord Hidetada is approaching . Surround the place . Make way for her ladyship . Where 's Mitsunari ? He was seen here . NARRATOR : The manner of Mitsunari 's escape is notorious in Japan . But what he did next was more extraordinary . Instead of fleeing to his castle or rallying his allies , he put his faith in the samurai code of honour , and he went straight to his enemy 's mansion . You know , if you had some decent makeup , Mitsunari , maybe did something with your hair ... They 're always looking for geisha in Osaka . I 'm flattered . Odd coincidence , don 't you think ? Assassins drop in on me a couple of nights back . And now someone 's chasing you . We live in dangerous times . We certainly live in strange ones . Don 't play games with me , Ieyasu . Call off your son . And why should I do that ? MITSUNARl : All I 've ever done in my entire life is serve The Taiko 's family . Before and after his death . You 're scared . You want my protection . What do you want ? You retire to your castle in Sawayama . Stay there . Get that makeup . Find a nice man . You are not The Taiko . To order me ... No , I 'm not The Taiko , and I 'm not ordering you . It 's your choice , Mitsunari . Exile , or I reveal you tried to murder me . NARRATOR : Ieyasu had Mitsunari where he wanted him . Alive but weakened . Now , he began to tighten his grip on power . He ousted two other members of the ruling council and occupied The Taiko 's seat at Fushimi Castle . He married his daughters off to the sons of other powerful warlords , so potential enemies became allies . It looked as if Ieyasu would take control of Japan through politics , not war . And then , in the east , a samurai lord began to gather his army in protest at Ieyasu 's actions . For Ieyasu , putting down these rebels would confirm his authority . But he still needed the approval of The Taiko 's son , in whose name he claimed to act . That meant securing the support of the boy 's guardian , his cousin , Hideaki , a young man with whom Ieyasu had history . HIDEAKl : You ride like a madman . IEYASU : I need to keep up with you . IEYASU : How 's the boy ? Missing his father . If you 've come here to ask for my support , I can 't give it . You know , Hideaki , if your uncle was alive , he 'd deal with the rebels just as I will . In helping me , you 'd be doing your uncle 's work . Wasn 't that our promise , to keep the peace ? Is that what I 'd be doing ? Or would I just be helping you ? Then you 'll have to decide if you trust me . Hideaki , five years ago , you came back from battle , and Mitsunari advised The Taiko the best thing you could do was to pull a sword straight across your guts . He said you were a disgrace , that you deserved death . I failed . I led my troops to defeat ... You were a boy , sent to do a man 's job . I know . You were the one who spoke up for me . It wasn 't hard to do . I didn 't want to see another young life wasted . I know this isn 't easy for you . But someone has to hold Japan together . Like it or not , that 's you and me . What do you want me to do ? We have Hideaki ! Finish him off quickly , Naomasa , you 're coming with me . NARRATOR : Now confident he had official authority , Ieyasu led his army out of Fushimi Castle . His plan was to gather his allies at his stronghold of Edo before striking east against the so-called rebels . At the same time , Hideaki marched his troops towards the rendezvous . Fifteen thousand soldiers , ready to fight alongside Ieyasu . But Ieyasu had forgotten one thing . If he could turn the head of Hideaki , so could others . Lord Mitsunari is ahead . I heard you had retired from public life . I heard you were marching . You are betraying your family . I 'm helping keep what 's left of the peace . That 's how he persuaded you , is it ? That 's what Ieyasu told you . This has nothing to do with Ieyasu . This has everything to do with Ieyasu . Do you think this is what your uncle would have wanted ? I want to take back Fushimi , return the castle to your family . But I need your help . You are asking me to betray a man who saved my life . Don 't be so sentimental , Hideaki ! You know the truth . It 's not you nor your prowess as a general that Ieyasu needs . It 's your family 's banner . And once he 's this country 's unchallenged ruler , he 'll see you and the boy are buried with it . NARRATOR : And so , Hideaki changed sides . It was Mitsunari who now claimed The Taiko 's authority , and he moved decisively . With Ieyasu miles to the east , Mitsunari marched on Fushimi Castle . NARRATOR : Ieyasu had left only his samurai retainer , Mototada , and a few hundred men to guard his rear . They were outnumbered 20 to 1 . It is not the way of the warrior to be ashamed and avoid death . It is to die for your master . To die with honour . NARRATOR : Mototada could have surrendered to Hideaki or even tried to escape . But that would have meant living with the shame of losing his master 's castle . Instead , he chose to follow the way of the warrior . We march at first light , confront Ieyasu . HIDEAKl : We don 't need to confront him . Leyasu 's weakened . He can be forced to negotiate . You didn 't think this was it , did you ? Fushimi is just the first step . We leave tomorrow . Get your men ready . IEYASU : I underestimated Mitsunari . Mototada fought to the last . He died for our family . Now we have no choice . The chaos is here , a full-scale civil war . It 's not what I wanted and we have a duty to end it quickly . Our troops will advance from two directions . I 'll take 30,000 men along the south road . Hidetada , 40,000 men will take the north road . Under you . You 're not a boy . Thank you , Father . Don 't let me down . NARRATOR : This was the start of a brutal civil war in Japan . Heading out from Edo , Ieyasu , now cast as a traitor , tried to pick off Mitsunari 's allies in a series of battles . Mitsunari , his ranks swollen by many warlords loyal to The Taiko 's family , approached from the west , aiming to attack Ieyasu 's power base . Eventually , Mitsunari and his allies converged on Ogaki , twelve miles from the vital crossroads of Sekigahara , which controlled access to all parts of Japan . In mid-October , 1600 , Ieyasu himself arrived . Already there , waiting for him , his general , Naomasa . The two sides were now separated by a narrow valley . NAOMASA : Mitsunari 's pitched camp at Ogaki Castle . He 's up there in numbers . Where 's Hidetada ? I don 't see his banner . - I 've sent messengers . - When ? A week ago . - He 's got half our army . - He knows that , my lord . NARRATOR : What Ieyasu didn 't know was that Hidetada had got himself pointlessly sidetracked . Leyasu 's hot-headed son and his 40,000 troops were hundreds of miles away besieging the stronghold of a Mitsunari ally . A stronghold of no strategic value whatsoever . AIDE : I 'm sorry , my lord . This was delayed . The rivers are flooded . It 's from Lord Naomasa . We should be in Ogaki . We were expected there two days ago . Still no sign of Hidetada ? I 've sent out more men . He 's not on any of the approach roads . You should try to sleep . IEYASU : You know what tomorrow is ? Twenty-one years to the day of my boy 's death . Nobuyasu . They said he was a traitor , conspiring against the lord I served . It wasn 't true . But he had to die . There was nothing I could do . He had to die or our family would 've been destroyed . That was the choice . He was required to prove my loyalty . To Nobuyasu . To loyalty . NARRATOR : The next day , Mitsunari made his move . He prepared plans to seize Sekigahara , aiming to use the crossroads to bypass Ieyasu , perhaps even attack his rear . And Mitsunari had a critical strategic advantage . Hideaki , The Taiko 's nephew , had taken up position on Mount Matsuo which overlooked the crossroads itself . Leave me . - Looking forward to it ? - To what ? Putting down a rebellion , wiping out the usurper . What is it with you , Mitsunari ? - You like watching people die ? - Leyasu deserves what 's coming . Leyasu saved my life when you would 've seen me killed . That was a long time ago . I misjudged you . I 'm sorry . I know you don 't like me . But when this is over , I 'd like you to consider a proposal . I 'd like you to become my chancellor . Your chancellor ? You mean , until Hideyori is of age ? Of course . Of course . All I ask is that you attack Ieyasu the moment I send up my flare . You 're in a good position here . NARRATOR : On the evening of the 20th of October , 1600 , Mitsunari 's army left Ogaki , heading towards Sekigahara . They 're marching towards Sekigahara . Of course they are , they want the crossroads . We need to withdraw and regroup . If we withdraw now , we lose . My lord , without Hidetada , we are under-strengthed . Hidetada 's dead to me . Do you understand ? This is from Hideaki . You 're relying on Hideaki ? He says he 's made a mistake . He 's no longer fooled by Mitsunari . - And you believe him ? - Why lie ? Because that is what he does ! Mototada died because of him ! Are you questioning me ? Are you ? We 'll find out the truth soon enough at Sekigahara . NARRATOR : Ieyasu was now risking everything on a confused young man who had already betrayed him once before . This was Ieyasu 's first great gamble that day . It would not be his last . NARRATOR : As they prepared for battle , both sides were pinning their hopes on Hideaki , positioned on Mount Matsuo . Leyasu was gambling that Hideaki would defect and join battle on his side . Mitsunari was confident that Hideaki would attack Ieyasu on the agreed signal . Sekigahara was the biggest gathering of samurai in Japanese history . NAOMASA : Hideaki is well placed . If he comes down on us , we 're finished . He won 't . As you wish . NARRATOR : Without his heir , Hidetada , Ieyasu promoted his younger son , Tadayoshi , to uphold the family 's honour in combat . I want you to take Tadayoshi into battle . Look after him . Make me proud . Would you like to take a look at their frontline , Tadayoshi ? NARRATOR : The battle began well for Ieyasu 's forces . But samurai combat was no longer just a test of sword skill . Canons and arquebuses , weapons introduced by Jesuit missionaries , played their part . And all the while , Hideaki remained rooted on top of his hill . Come on , Hideaki . What 's stopping you ? NARRATOR : Slowly , Mitsunari 's men began to prevail . Bring up the reserves ! Where 's Tadayoshi ? We got separated . Signal Hideaki . My lord , that 's our signal . Prepare for a flank assault by Hideaki . What is he doing ? What 's he waiting for ? He 's wavering . He can 't decide . Lord Mitsunari says you must engage now . Fire on Hideaki ! NAOMASA : My lord , have you lost your mind ? You will bring him down on us ! He has to choose which side he 's on . Someone has to make him choose . He will kill us all . Then what have we got to lose ? NARRATOR : It was an extraordinary gamble firing on the man that Ieyasu wanted as his ally . My lord , Ieyasu 's cannon ! Prepare to attack . This can 't be . He can 't do this to me . Hideaki is attacking us . NARRATOR : Ieyasu 's decision to fire on Hideaki has entered Japanese legend . He had understood something deep inside the young man 's psychology that day . It seems Hideaki 's mistrust of Mitsunari , and his debt of honour to Ieyasu , outweighed any other loyalty . Even to his own family . That choice proved decisive for the future of Japan . You 've got something to say ? It 'll keep , my lord . - Mitsunari ? - He ran . Forgive me . Get off your knees . Get off your knees . Your decision at Fushimi was poor . Your indecision today almost cost me the battle . But , in the end , you made the right choice for Japan . I want Mitsunari alive . Don 't let me down . NARRATOR : For Ieyasu , it was a bitter victory . The day after the battle , his son Hidetada finally arrived near Sekigahara . He was met by his brother . Hidetada 's failure had brought dishonour upon himself and his family . There could be only one way to make amends . The way of the warrior is found in death . - Just tell him to do it . - You should see him first . He knows what to do . Just make sure he acts like a true samurai , like his brother did . I 'm sorry , my lord . But your victory makes you the most powerful man in Japan . No one is making you do this . You do not have to do this . I 'm sorry , Father . I know my duty . Twenty-one years ago , I had to prove my loyalty , and I lost a son . Now my loyalty is to my family . And I 'll be damned if I 'll lose another . NARRATOR : Mitsunari was hunted down . After being paraded through the streets of Osaka in chains , he was beheaded . Two years after Sekigahara , and unable to live with the choices he had made , Hideaki lost his mind and died . At the age of 21 , The Taiko 's son , Hideyori , led a rebellion against Ieyasu . It failed , and he took his own life . By then , Ieyasu had taken the title of the shogun , master of all Japan . His family ruled unchallenged for the next 250 years .
