 EDECO : We lived in an age when the Roman Empire was divided in two . One Emperor ruled the West , another the East . But both sides were weak and easy prey for an invader because the empire was dying . Hordes of barbarian tribes came swooping in from Asia , and of them all , we , the Huns , were the fiercest . United only by our lust for Roman gold and our leader . He was the greatest warrior I ever saw . I would fight alongside him , love him and hate him . Brutal and brilliant he would bring Rome to its knees . His name ? Attila the Hun . ZERCON : You 've come a long way . I expect you 're hungry . Relax . He only wants you up in the saddle . We negotiate on horseback . I think he likes you . I am the emissary of Flavius Aetius , Supreme General of the Western Roman Empire , travelling as ambassador plenipotentiary from the court of His Imperial Majesty , the Emperor Valentinian at Ravenna . That 's easy for you to say . On behalf of General Aetius , I offer my condolences for the death of King Rua . I carry letters for the new King of the Huns . There 's two kings here . Myself and my brother Attila . - We rule on equal terms . - And not just the Huns . No , we rule the Ostrogoths , the Rugi , the Heruli , the Sarmatians , the Gepids . Not to mention the Scirians . Maybe that 's why he looks confused . ROMULUS : The Emperor wishes to know Your Majesties ' intentions . He wants to know if the Western Empire is safe from the Huns . Not so confused as he looks . He seeks reassurance that the West is safe . And in earnest of His Majesty 's good intentions , he returns to you these tribal leaders , who fled into our territory looking for Roman protection . He understands that these Hun fugitives are your political rivals . It 's all right . It 's all right . It 's all right . It 's all right . It 's all right . Hey , hey . It 's all right . BLEDA : Inform the Emperor that we are grateful for the return of the fugitives , and that Bleda and Attila wish to make plain one thing ... Our business is now in the East ! The Western Empire has nothing to fear . EDECO : My lords were true to their word . We ignored the West and headed across the Danube into the Eastern Roman Empire . Our aim was simple , to grab as much gold as we could . And for months we looted Roman settlements almost unopposed , as half their army was away trying to win back Carthage in Africa . But then we came to the garrisoned fortress of Naissus . No barbarian , not even the Huns , had ever taken a city so well defended . It was time to turn back . What do you want , Edeco ? What ? If you could have anything , what would it be ? To serve my kings . Good answer for a politician . Taking Naissus wouldn 't be that hard , if we used our heads instead of talking out of our arses . Siege towers . It 's what the Romans use . Could we do this ? What do you mean , " Could we do this ? " We 're surrounded by wood . I 'll need good men to lead the assault . - Meaning ? - Meaning , you and the Scirians . If we succeed , I 'll make it worth your while . And if we fail ? If we fail , Edeco , then you can kill me . Imagine the shock when the news reaches the Emperor . We take Naissus ? The Emperor will be so terrified , he 'll bury us in gold . BLEDA : You 'd better be right . Wait ! Wait ! Get them off the wall ! Clear the wall ! Loose ! The moment they clear the wall , bring out the ram . Catapult ! Catapult ! Catapult ! Wait ! Go ! Go ! Go ! Idiots , they 'll all be killed . Come on ! Come on ! Come on ! Again ! One more and we 're through . BLEDA : Here you go , boys ! A wee present from the people of Naissus . Come on , boys ! EDECO : Just as Attila had predicted , the sacking of Naissus was like an earthquake through the Eastern Roman Empire . If we now had siege towers , then no city was safe . The Emperor was forced to make an offer just to get rid of us . I am ambassador plenipotentiary from the court of His Supreme Highness , Theodosius , ruler of the Eastern Roman Empire . - I carry ... - I can see . His Majesty offers terms for a lasting treaty . You 're still harbouring Hun traitors , people I want returned . We 're open to discussion . We also offer a doubling of our annual tribute to 1,400 pounds of gold . In exchange for what ? An assurance that the Eastern Empire is safe , and that your army withdraws across the Danube . 1,400 pounds ? - You 're serious ? - Serious ? You think that 's serious ? You don 't want to see 1,400 pounds of gold ? I want to see an inch of skin stripped off his stinking carcass for every one of my dead men . My Lord Edeco offers his own terms . We speak for the Huns . Do nothing till I return . How did it go again ? " Take Naissus , and I 'll make it worth your while . " - I 'm keeping that promise . - No , you 're not . Where was Bleda when my men were getting killed ? And now the fool is going to sell us short . You 're forgetting one of kingship 's golden rules , " A king must deliver " . Is that all we 're worth to you ? 1,400 pounds of gold ? Well , it 's not enough . And you call yourself a king . Is that a problem ? It 's not enough . Where are you going ? Where are the Romans ? Their army is already on its way back from Carthage . - We 've been living on borrowed time . - You struck a deal ? I told you to wait . Wait for what ? We 've got 1,400 pounds of Roman gold . Now , let 's go home ! You not drinking ? You 've been doing nothing else for months . This is my wife . Put her down ! Would you like to see something better ? - Yes . - No . My lords , I give you the tale of the two divided tables . A tragic epic of divided opinion between two brothers who , while close , could never want the same thing . They struggled with one another , pulling their people every which way . His Majesty 's not laughing . Because , unlike my brother , I don 't find you funny . My noble lord Bleda finds me funny . But the other king , my lord Attila , does not . How is a poor Hun puppet to know who to please ? You 're right . There 's a problem . What ? Wasn 't there a problem ? I thought you wanted riches . Our business in the East isn 't over . We 're going to finish what we started . By order of Attila , King of the Huns . EDECO : For some reason , he showed mercy to the dwarf . He wasn 't skewered on a stick . He wasn 't even killed , just banished forever . Then we headed back East . The pressure was now on Attila . He had justified the murder of his brother by promising even greater riches . Now he had to deliver . His plan was to terrorise the Emperor into doubling his offer of 1,400 pounds of gold . Unfortunately , this time , we ran into their entire army . ATTILA : How many do you see ? EDECO : I lost count after 20 legions . That 's got to be 30,000 men . The army must have come back from Carthage . We can 't do this , it 'd be suicide . So , shut up while I try and work something out ! We have to fire from the saddle , hit him while we 're out of range . Soften him up , only then go in for the kill . The trick will be to play hit and run . Get too close , too soon , and we 're dead . - I 'll need your ... - Men . I can 't do this without you . On the grounds that I must be getting used to it ? On the grounds that this is going to be hard . EDECO : We won ! It worked . We won . It was easy . You think that was easy ? You think it 's easy ? You have no idea , have you ? Grinning your stupid head off . Of course we won , because if we hadn 't , you 'd be crawling back to whatever farmyard hovel your mother came from and I 'd be having my throat slit by my own men . You know what all of this is , Edeco ? It 's an act . We 're a travelling circus , not an army . Why do you think my brother kept a dwarf ? It 's not easy . It 's planned ! I like you , Edeco . I like you , Edeco . I really like you . Get yourself cleaned up . I want someone to give the Emperor his bill . Get yourself to Constantinople . EDECO : Sending me to Constantinople wasn 't a reward , it was a test . Come back with more gold , or else . So , now I 'm hiding in a closet like a slave in a third-rate comedy . Your Majesty , observing our friend may be more useful than you think . He may have beaten us on the battlefield , but he can barely keep his paws off our trinkets . Strip away the swagger , this man 's a common thief . And like all thieves , he can be bought . His Imperial Highness is pleased to give you audience . " Is pleased , " my arse . Resisting my lord Attila 's army at Utus took some courage . In recognition of which , you have a demand for an increase in the tribute . We believe you owe us 6,000 pounds of gold . Is there anything else ? You 're harbouring fugitives from my lord Attila 's justice . He wants them back . And he won 't waste time yakking with Roman slaves . He 'll negotiate with those of the highest rank only . We will consider it . Well , that takes care of the introductions . I understand that you 're a Scirian , and that you bore the brunt of the fighting at Naissus . 6,000 pounds of gold divided by , say , 20,000 ? Let me see , that works out at less than five and a half ounces per dead Scirian . We pay more for our household slaves . Your loyalty to Attila must be very great indeed . Perhaps you 're like a brother to him ? Oh , what am I saying ? What are you saying ? That if gold 's at issue here , there may be an easier way . All you 'd have to do is kill Attila . What about when he 's out riding ? Could someone get to him ? Only if you want to fight through his bodyguards . Could his bodyguards be bribed ? Twenty pounds of gold , split evenly . They 'd laugh in your face , and then they 'd kill you . All right , 40 , 50 ... I really don 't care , as long as they 'll look the other way . - Long enough for what ? - A man to reach Attila with a knife . Come on , there must be somewhere . You could try his northern palace . He relaxes there , feels safe . Meaning , you could get in close ? Did I say that ? I can get you in close , but I 'm not the one who 's going to murder him . - I thought you said ... - No . You 're looking for someone prepared to kill him ? Good luck . - The deal 's off . - I 'll do it . I 'll do it . EDECO : And so , the plan was hatched . Only myself and my accomplice , Vigilas , would know the true reason for our trip . We headed back to Attila with a train of tribal leaders who had fled east , looking for protection . Everyone else , including the Roman ambassador who accompanied us , was unaware of the plan . We 'd only send for the gold to bribe the guards when we knew it was safe . Oh , for God 's sake , stop fussing , Maximinus , will you ? This is all because I didn 't pay my taxes . The Emperor knows , Vigilas , he knows . Why else would he send me to a hellhole like this ? What is it ? Attila refuses to see you . You go home tomorrow . This is most irregular . I 've never known anything like this in 31 years of diplomacy . What 's going on ? ATTILA : Edeco , it 's good to see you . I wish I could say the same . I 've been all the way to Constantinople and back , just like you asked . You cannot just turf the Romans out . There 's something I want to show you . Go on . Inside the box . Melted down from gold we took from Naissus . You saved my life . I never said , " Thank you " . Now , I am . - I don 't deserve this . - Why not ? Take it . Now , the Romans . Your Majesty , as ambassador plenipotentiary to His Imperial Highness the Emperor Theodosius , Commander in Chief of the Eastern Regions , I bring greetings from Constantinople . - What are you doing here ? - Your Majesty ? I said , what are you doing here ! I came to deliver Your Majesty 's fugitives . Where are they ? Where are they ! Your Majesty 's already received them . You think I 'm some stupid barbarian ? You think I can 't count ? Your Majesty , these were all the fugitives that we have . You 're lying ! I should rip your lying head off ! Then again , that wouldn 't be very diplomatic of me , would it ? I feel like going on a journey , seeing my loyal subjects of my Empire , that sort of thing . Ambassador plenipotentiary , you 're coming with me . You . You , on the other hand , will go back to the Emperor and give me the men on that list . Or we will give you a war you will not believe . - He knows . - He knows nothing . The moment I ride out , he 's going to stick me on a spike . - We 've got to rethink ... - Vigilas , listen . If he 'd even the slightest inkling , believe me , we 'd both be on a spike . He 'll be at his northern camp in one month . You do as he says . You deliver the message , and when you return , you bring the gold . EDECO : Attila ruled over tribes stretching from the Danube in the south to the Alps and the Carpathians . And he often toured his lands , checking on their loyalty . As we made our way to his northern palace near the River Tisza , Vigilas had dashed to Constantinople to collect the gold to bribe Attila 's guards . - BOY : Attila ! - Ah ! There 's a party of Romans back there and they 're bringing fugitives . Have you brought the gold ? He 'll have a banquet tonight . He 'll let his guard down . The first time he gets up to leave , make your move . What are you doing here ? I 've come back for my wife . EDECO : He 's been waiting for you , and he 's walked hundreds of miles to get here . That 's funny . That 's funny . I said he was funny ! You should drink something , Vigilas . It gets better . Where 's the dwarf ? ATTILA : You were telling me you came all the way from Italy to see your wife ? I 'm moved . You clearly love her very much . Entertain me . MAN : Go on , mate ! Come on . What are you going to do ? # Deep inside the darkest cave # Sweet as the fruit of a twisted tree # Nothing compares to the love I gave # In the hope that your love would come back to me # Rare as the flower in the snow # Rare as the love that will not grow # I 'm as rare a man as you can see # Nothing is rarer than you to me # Nothing is ... # I said entertain me , not deafen me . If I see you in my lands ever again , I will kill you . Strike up , Vigilas . If you were a soldier , you would know when you strike down , the man you 're trying to kill would block . Who am I ? Who am I ! Attila . Attila . Attila . Am I frightening ? Am I frightening ! Did you really think that you could kill me ? I am Attila ! And you ... Look at you . Look at me . It 's all right . It 's all right . I 'm glad this has happened . No , I really am . Your Emperor 's finally shown what he really is - my slave , skulking around with a dagger , trying to stab his master . I 'm finished with the East , because the East is finished . It 's over . EDECO : I had told Attila about the plot the moment I returned from Constantinople . Now , as far as he was concerned , he 'd got all he could from the Eastern Empire . He had humiliated the Emperor and bled him dry . But if Attila wanted to continue being the King who always delivered for the Huns , he now had no choice but to look elsewhere for gold . I had a dream last night . I dreamt I was drowning . I saw all your faces flash before my eyes . Want to know what you were doing ? Out getting stinking rich ! We 're going to go West ! You remember the Western Roman Empire ? And don 't worry , we 're not going to bump into the Roman army . Instead of making for Italy , we 'll head north , pick off those Northern tribes , like the Franks and the Alans , those collaborators with Rome . They are stagnant with gold . Food and rations for three months . We 'll take Metz ! We 'll take Trier ! And press on to Orléans ! HUNS : Attila ! Attila ! Attila ! Any questions ? EDECO : Attila was proposing the biggest smash-and-grab raid in Hun history . We were to travel further , for longer than ever before , with 35,000 men . And it wasn 't long before this news reached Ravenna , home of the one good soldier in the Western Roman Empire , General Flavius Aetius . Ten years earlier , he 'd been our hostage . He knew us and our methods well . Sir , I thought you 'd want to know right away . The Huns are invading . Call my senior staff together . EDECO : For two months , Attila rampaged across the Western Empire . In the end , some cities were so frightened , they just opened their gates and let us in , hoping to spare themselves suffering . They were wrong , of course . They didn 't even put up a fight . More of this , and I 'll get bored . Orléans is still over 200 miles away . We only have enough food for one month . It 's not enough to mount a siege . Who says we 're going to mount a siege ? All these people needed to know was that we were coming . They opened the gates without a fight . Orléans will be no different . You still think Aetius is going to let us get away with this ? Take this message to the Emperor in Ravenna . We outnumber Aetius ' army by three-to-one . When the Emperor gets that message , he 'll be so terrified , Aetius won 't be going anywhere . Fear , Edeco . Fear . ATTILA : It works like witchcraft . That 's for the Emperor . " Get the palace ready . I 'm coming . " This is a trick . He wants us to dig ourselves in , think he 's unbeatable . But no single army in the world can face him . That 's true , Romulus , true . But that strength is also his weakness . Attila 's made more enemies than friends . All those tribes sick of being raided . We don 't have to be a single army . Send messages to the Franks and the Burgundians , the Saxons , the Alans , even the Visigoths . All those tribes Attila 's abused over the years . We will have the greatest coalition the world has ever seen . EDECO : How long have we been here ? - We 're going to starve them out . - Starve them out ? We are the ones who are starving . There 's no food left . People are deserting . We need to turn back while we still can . SOLDIER : Over there ! It 's Aetius . ATTILA : Those aren 't just Roman legions . I 'll get the men ready . We can 't fight a battle spread out like this . We need to regroup . - Order the withdrawal to Troyes . - Come on ! Move , move ! What do you want ? - I think we should go home . - I can 't run , Edeco . Who said we 're running away ? We 've got so much gold , we don 't know how to carry it . - They have fresh troops . - I have to face Aetius ! - Why ? - Because I exist to be feared . Everything I have achieved has been based on fear . It 's what made the Huns . I am Attila the Hun , and I haven 't finished being Attila the Hun . I have to face him . We 're going to intercept him at the Catalonian fields . There 's a ridge there . Whoever occupies that ridge controls the battlefield . I know how Attila thinks . Everything he does relies on speed . We 're going to use that against him . We 're going to march through the night . We 're going to beat him to that ridge . Wake up ! Wake up ! Wake up ! - What 's wrong ? - Aetius , he 's on the move ! ATTILA : Aetius is nobody 's fool . I know what he 's up to . I don 't care what it takes , you have to get your men on that ridge first . Look ! Over there ! - Go now . - Scirians , on me ! Come on ! Take the ridge ! Come on . Come on , come on , come on , come on . We 're all going to die here . Retreat ! Retreat ! We can 't do it . There 's no way up . We tried . They cut us to pieces . On the crest of that ridge lies our greatest ever victory ! You can sit here , waiting to die , while I throw the first spear , or you can share that victory with me ! Come on ! Aetius ! Aetius ! Retreat ! Retreat ! Retreat ! I want lookouts on the perimeters ! Load the gold and the wounded into the carts ! You 're alive . Build my funeral pyre . - We 've got to go . - Build it ! Build it ! Let me die . Build my funeral pyre ! Build my funeral pyre ! No . No , no ! No . EDECO : It 's over . It 's over , it 's over . Load him up ! Get him out of here ! ATTILA : No ! EDECO : My lord Attila didn 't die at the Catalonian fields , but he may as well have done . The myth of his invincibility had been shattered . The following year , he invaded Italy , looking for revenge . But again , after initial success , was driven back by Aetius . Two years later , Attila died on his wedding night . I , Edeco , became king of an independent Sciri . Without Attila , the Hun empire collapsed . No one else could hold the different tribes together . But even though his empire was short-lived , Attila achieved something far greater , immortality . After all , who has not heard of the name Attila the Hun ?
