 No witnesses have come forward at this time . Police have no clues In this bizarre murder that occurred here tonight . Hello , beautiful . Finally , where have you been ? - Did you get my message ? - I did . But you didn 't call me back . No , i thought i 'd call you later . How was the conference ? Where were you last night , Bob ? Where would i be ? i was at home . I was catching up with my sleep . But i called . You know i turned off the phone to get some sleep . Hey , come on , now , you 're starting to go down that road again . Before you know it , you 'll be all upset . I think this has more to do with the miles between us , All that dreary weather you 're having in portland . You 'll feel much better when you get back tomorrow . Hey , we 'll , uh , we 'll do something nice . In fact , we 'll stay inn.I 'll call first . I 'd like that , bob . Listen , love , i 'll call you when i get home tonight . Right now i 've gotta go have dinner With these insufferable suits from hong kong . I hope it won 't be too awful . You never can tell . Bye . You know what 's funny ... Before i came in here , i thought i was good-looking . Seriously , though , i can tell you 're my type of girl . How do you know ? I know these things . Cheers , man . I can tell you 're my kind of girl . Oh , Olivia . You have to hear how Neil and Helen met This could be good for my sister . We both single . And we 're in our authority , haven 't met anyone . We wanne to have kids . Then i heard about this programme called Two singles together . Two singles together was the answer for us . I 'm sorry , two- - Two singles together . It 's a matchmaking service . Not just a matchmaking service , rachel . A way of life . Two singles together ? Uh , i have my own schedule , Works for me . I have no interest in controlling neil 's , either . I like vacations in the sun and ... And i like the snow . Doesn 't that kind of defeat the purpose Of being in a relationship ? Well , i 'm- - There are things we agree on , of course . Like , um ... where to live . The appropriate kindergarten . Friends we both enjoy . Which , incidentally , i want to make sure Ella can attend Graham 's birthday party . Oh , i already r.s.v.p. ' d on the class sign up . And , uh , that was for Neil 's rock climbing party for Graham . My party for Graham is the following saturday . We are doing science center . Excuse me for one minute . Thanks , Olivia . What ? Greg 's filing for divorce . Oh , Rach . Not now. not in front of them . They 'll make me join two singles together . Okey , where were we ? I 'm sorry , i 've just been called into work . Oh , what kind of work do you do , Olivia ? Victim 's name was Bob Dunn. he was 33 years old . His girlfriend . Got back from a business trip in portland . Couldn 't reach him . She found him here . We confirmed the trip , force entry . No witnesses . So this matched the victim that boston p.d. Found two nights ago at the pier ? The one that 's been all over the news ? Yeah , they don 't know what to make something of . So now they have another one. now it 's ours to mix up . You know what this reminds me of , peter ? Nope , but i 'm gonna guess It 's something unbelievably disgusting . Shrimp cocktail . You see , the shrimp must be deveined By putting a shallow cut down the back To expose the vein . Which , in fact , is not a vein at all , But the crustaceans intestinal tract . Great , thanks for that . That 's another foodstuff i can cross off the menu for life . - Hey , are you okay ? - Why ? Well , you were awfully quiet on the car ride over here And you just don 't seem your normal , chipper self At a bloody , gruesome crime scene . Oh , i 'm sorry , i 'm , um ... It 's just home stuff . Well , i know from home stuff . At leaving the guy unexpected in several spine . This is fascinating . These appear to be bite marks . See how the flesh is ripped And jagged markings . Canine or even ursine , but human . You 're suggesting that someone chewed his spine out ? Yes ... but with a jaw strength Well in excess of that of a normal human being . Great , well , maybe we 're looking for dracula . Finally , son , you 're opening your mind to new possibilities . But , no , there are no vampires , sadly . But it 'll be something exciting , i 'm sure . We have another monster on the loose ? Uh , no , sir . Walter says that the teeth marks are definitely human . I can just about remember when a suspect being human Was a given , not an option . Bob dunn 's girlfriend Said that he had a car , an audi a-4 . It wasn 't in the garage , And we couldn 't find it when we did a two-block sweep . Local p.d. is on it . Yeah , we could get lucky . Maybe the killer took it . And dr. bishop ? He 's at the lab with both bodies , Doing autopsies . Okay , well , let me know if you learn anything . Is there something else ? This may sound impolitic , sir , But i was wondering If you were satisfied with your divorce attorney . I 've heard you talking on the phone to your kids , But never to your wife . I was satisfied . Except for the bill . I was wondering if i might be able To get the name and number . It should be waiting in your in box . Thank you . I hope things work out for your sister . I pay attention too , agent dunham . The c-1 cervical vertebra Is connected to the c-2 cervical vertebra . C-2 cervical vertebra is connected to the c-3- - That--walter. that 's enough . When you finally meet a nice girl , I would avoid bringing her home For as long as possible . Walter , this is the lab work you Requested on the victims . Excellent . It may help us understand why their spinal columns Have been completely drained of spinal fluid . The killer took the victims ' spinal fluid ? Why would they do that ? Where would the fun be if we already knew All there is to know ? This is interesting . Traces of treponema pallidum . That 's the syphilis bacteria . On the victim 's neck and back . Most likely from the killer 's saliva . So the killer has syphilis . Seems so . Great , I should have wearn gloves . And what 's even more fascinating , This particular strain of syphilis is extinct . Has been for decades . Well , how could the killer be exposed to an extinct Strain of syphilis ? See , isn 't this fun ? I appreciate the cdc 's prompt response on this matter . Of course. i ran an index search . A sample of that particular strain of syphilis Was shipped out four weeks ago To a lubov pharmaceuticals . They have a local address on brighton . Well , thank you , but a phone call would have sufficed . Actually , i 'm not sure that it would have . Because their address is in a residential area . I took the liberty of running The rest of lubov 's research requests Over the past few years . This isn 't the first contagion they 've ordered from us . In fact , there have been quite a few . We need to show this to the Broyles Any reputable scientist with the appropriate credentials Can procure sample of bacteria and viruses For their research . In addition to the extinct syphilis bacteria , Lubov pharmaceuticals also procured A sample of a substance called rud-390 . Which is ... A chemical compound Used in the construction of bioweapons . You 're suggesting whoever 's behind these killings May also be planning a biological attack ? Or has before . Rud-390 was one of the components Of the rapid skin growth toxin that killed agent kent . You 're saying this is z.f.t. ? Z.f.t. ? What 's that ? We believe z.f.t. is a terrorist organization ... Responsible for a number of bio attacks In the last year . I see . Why ? what is their agenda ? That 's what we wanna find out . Assemble an assault squad . Move on lubov . Yes , sir . Federal agents. you 're under arrest . Dr. nicholas boone . Advanced degrees in hematology and biochemistry . Founder of lubov pharmaceuticals , A multinational biotech firm Whose corporate offices turn out to be in a split level In brighton . Now , we know that the strain of the syphilis That you orderd was found on his spine . And you see this , they 're human bite marks . What is out there doing this ? What happened to these people ? How long have you been a follower of z.f.t. ? That 's right , dr. boone . We know about z.f.t. What do you know ? Enough to know that they 're using the world As a testing ground for experiments . We want to know more about david robert jones , About who funds z.f.t. and why . We want to know what we 're dealing with . I don 't have to spell it out for you , dr. boone . You talk to us , give us information . Help us with whatever 's out there killing people . It 'll go better for you . What is doing this ? What have you done ? Someone was dosed . With what ? Dosed with what ? ! I know a lot about the things you want . And more . And i 'll answer your questions . But you have to help me first . Help with what ? They have my wife . I want you to get her back . Z.f.t. has your wife ? Agent Dunhum , hat counts with punishment Is the ability to know whom to turn , and when . You 're telling me z.f.t. ' s coercing you To conduct these experiments By threatening to harm your wife . Why would they be punishing you ? Because when i realized what my work was being used for , I tried to get out . I 'll tell you everything you want to know . But first , you have to get my wife back . Do you believe him ? I don 't . Boone 's wife is a nurse . I checked with her hospital , And she hasn 't been to work in three weeks . Proves nothing . I 'm inclined to agree with agent Francis . Everything we know about these guys Suggests that they 're zealots . Why don 't we go back in there , Ask them why the sudden change of heart ? We can 't ask him a thing until we get his wife . Could be a trap . Could be the truth . I 'm sorry , but since I 've been working in fringe division , 81 people have lost their lives . And that 's not including the 147 on flight 627 . Now , in my entire career , Only nine people have died on cases that I worked . This is the closest that we 've ever come To getting traction and stopping these people . Getting a handle on Z.F.T. , Jones ... Or more . This guy could be our chance . What is it ? The address Boone gave us , Where he says they 're holding his wife . It 's a restaurant ... in chinatown . Doesn 't exactly scream Z.F.T. hive of activity . They 've been tighted by Edison Meaning ? They 're burning five times more power a month Than they should making moo shoo pork . They could be using the power for something else . Maybe to facilitate a laboratory ? This could be our chance to get to Z.F.T. Go get ' em . I 'll get a team together . Peter and Walter Bishop . We 're here to catalog the chemical evidence . Walter Bishop . Nice to meet you . Hello. oh , no , please sit down . Bishop , Walter Bishop . Walter , you don 't have to shake everybody 's hand . He gets a little nervous around authority figures . Oh , boy . Look at that . Benzyl alcohol . Colorless liquid used as a bacteriostatic In solutions for injection , Topically as a local anesthetic . What did this guy create ? But i used to rely on it use as mouthwash . From what I 've seen so far , I am forming a hypothesis . Would you care to hear it ? Well , I don 't know . Would I ever be able to sleep at night again ? Well , that depends . Depends on what ? On whether the light is on or not . There 's four exits . Risk and Walken , you take the rear . Taub and Brown , you take the side . Dunham and I are gonna be in the front with the rest of you . And remember , this is a hostile situation In a contained environment . So retrieving the hostage unharmed is our top priority . Yes , Ma 'am Dunham . Greg wants full custody of Ella . What ? Another process server just came by . Greg is claiming that I am an unfit parent . That " the minor 's mental and physical well-being " Would be best served under the sole custody of the petitioner . " He can 't be serious . I won 't let that happen , Liv . I will run if I have to . I will take her and I will disappear , I swear to god . Okay , Rachel , Rachel ... just calm down . You 're not running anywhere , and you 're not gonna lose Ella . He 's just doing this to hurt me . Okay , Rachel , listen to me . Now , this is just one of those things That you 're gonna look back on And you 're gonna say , " I beat that too . " Do you hear me ? I hear you . Okay. so , um , look , Let 's talk when I get home . I-I 've got a ... I gotta go to a meeting . Okay . We got that meeting . Get your ass on the floor ! Claire ? Claire ! Valerie Boone. ta zai nail ? Nicholas Boone de ai ren. ta zai nail ? Shei ? Your wife isn 't there . I know that . I need to talk to agent Dunham . Dunham . I 'm putting him on . Agent Dunham . What the hell 's going on ? There 's a room in the back . Can you see it ? Yeah , we checked . She 's not there . I know , but what I need is . Okay , I 'm here . In front of you , you should see A row of refrigeration units . Third from the right . Yeah , I see it . Open it . You know , I 'm not gonna do a thing Until you tell me why we 're here . We 're getting to that . No , you tell me now . Inside that cooling unit You 'll find a contagion of , Five vials marked XT43 . The person who 's out there killing Has been dosed with this . I need it to make an antidote . You lied to me ? No . Agent Dunham ... They didn 't kidnap my wife . They infected her . It 's she who 's out there killing . Valerie boone . Valerie boone , you turn March into June . Okay , that 's enough. you be on camera . I always do this . I have no interest in being on camera . Come on , you . Are we both in ? okay , that 's me . Us in the park ! You are so beautiful . You are really warm . You 're burning up . What--what 's wrong ? You 're my kind of guy . I am sorry . Roxbury Massachusetts Dunham . Charlie is running the background check On the body he found in mustang . Peter said you had something that I shoud see . We found this in Boone 's house . You wanna pay specific attention to the date . Whoever wore a lab coat and rubber gloves . Valerie Boone . Valerie Boone , you turn March into June . Okay , that 's enough. you be on camera . I always do this . I have no interest in being on camera . Okay , we 'll both- - all right . Us in the park ! Where is ... Okay . Look out . Okay . There , okay , that 's it . No , no , no ! that 's not it . There he goes . Oh , my god , you look like you ran in the trash can . That video was taken three weeks ago , Dr. boone . Can you explain why you are in the wheelchair today ? She needs to feed . She can 't control it . I began to feed her my own spinal fluid . The more i gave , The more she craved , until ... I couldn 't give anymore . The contagion burns through her spinal fluid Faster than her body can replace it . When she kills , it 's simply to ... Refuel . I tried to synthesize the antidote on my own , Watching her suffer the effects of being infected . But i couldn 't do it . Not without a dose of the bacteria to work from . For the rest of my life , This chair will remind me of what i 've done . Why would z.f.t. want you to create something like this ? To create a human nightmare . The syphilis was just a platform . Carrier for other attributes . Attributes that changed her . For what purpose . For the same reason they asked me to ... Create the skin growth toxin ... To show off . To who ? Other scientists . You mean nothing to them . So how many vials were created ? Just the ones that i took ? I made six , now accounted for , But i can 't guarantee they won 't pick up where i left off . If they did figure out how to make it , Could they weaponize this bacteria ? You really don 't know who you 're dealing with . The answer for both of us is to let me make a cure . Now that you 've recovered the dose samples , I can make it . My offer still stands . I 'll tell you everything i know when you find her . If the cure works , we both win . Now i 'll need access to a lab with a blood analyzer . I 'll also need a spectroscope and a centrifuge . You might want to write this down . That won 't be a problem . You really think it 's a good idea to let him have free reign In walter 's believe-it-or-not emporium ? Oh , and this is something my son peter is working on . I haven 't got the faintest idea what it is . Your centrifuge is 20 years old . Oh , 25 . It 's an oldie , but a goody . I also have a cow . And , just for the record , One mad scientist is my limit . I think that having him help walter Is our best chance at saving lives . Dunham . It 's Charlie . - We found bob dunn 's car . - Where ? Clear across town , in mission hill . It 's completely stripped . Quarter panels , radio , everything . And gps ? No , it 's gone . I was hoping we might have been able To track where he picked up boone 's wife that night . Okay , thanks , charlie . Uh , good news , peter . Nicholas and i are in agreement about this penicillin . Yes , we need to purify the mold , then ferment it . To the highest possible concentration . Agent farnsworth , we come to need a rat . Can you , uh , call me if something else turns up ? Okay , bye . Great news. they made a breakthrough . They 're gonna fight the super syphilis With super penicillin . Syphilis was the platform . If they can kill the syphilis , they can stop the contagion . They did the same thing once against super pneumonia Right . Well , charlie just found dunn 's car , Stripped in mission hill . Excellent. he check the gps ? Stolen . Well , everything stolen is not necessarily lost . Meaning what ? Meaning if there 's a car found stripped In the greater boston area , I can guarantee you my man Mako has his big toe in it . Oh , you have a friend who runs a chop shop ? Yeah . You make that sound so illegal . Dunham . Let 's just say the gps is here ... allegedly . But it 's useless because it 's been wiped for resale . Hypothetically . We 're trying to track a killer , mr . Mako . Nah , it 's just mako. you know , like " cher . " Theoretically , if the gps is wiped , Then that would put you in a rough spot , Because you 'd be hampering a federal investigation . I 'm trying to work with you here . We need the gps to find out where the victim was The night of his killing . But you stole his car from his home in brookline . I didn 't steal his car from brookline . Where 'd you steal it from ? If i tell you where we boosted that car , Can we just say that this conversation never happened ? Hypothetically ? Sure . Route 18th , weymouth.By the water Fascinating . 105 degrees . Then the rat 's successfully infected . This strain of syphilis raises the body temperature Well above normal . The cure is nearly complete . Once this penicillin concentrates , We can test it on the rat . Where did you study , Nicholas ? At the curie institute in paris . Kings college , aberdeen , scotland . It 's quite a fall . It 's an honor to have your intellect in my lab . That 's high praise . Because i know very well who you are . Well ... That makes one of us . A little memory loss is often kind to the soul . That a figure of speech ? Or do you believe there is such a thing ? The soul . There are days when i wish i did . There are days when i wish i didn 't . I often wake up at night , frightened , With the understanding that there are things Man shouldn 't know . That the scientific trespasses i 've committed- - Will one day be judged . Belly and i would often debate this very thing . William bell. you 've heard of him ? Of course . Founder of massive dynamic , Richest man in the world . We used to share a lab . Quite a fall . If indeed there is a soul , We must consider then That there is still time for redemption . We 're not being hauled off to be judged yet , Nicholas . This must be where mako boosted the car . All the shattered glass . So we 're thinking what ? Boone 's wife kills this guy , Steals his car , and then drives it out here ? Yeah . But what was she doing here ? And where did she go ? You know what i hate worst than the cold ? What ? Not much . Oliva , think i know why she came out here . Okay. ready . We are about to inject the infected rat With an antidote . Should it prove effective , It will no doubt work on humans as well . Nicholas . Now we wait . Ah ! marvelous . You can bring the body right this way , gentlemen . We 've been expecting you . Right ove there is fine . May i offer you a peak freen ? A delicious vanilla wafer with raspberry center And lemon cream . He doesn 't want a cookie , Walter . Uh ... apparently , you 're wrong . That 's two more bodies . One we found in the forest in weymouth . The other on the street in roxbury . Where is she getting her victims ? You must have some idea where she 'd go . The person out there killing people is not thinking like my wife . Well , she wouldn 't recognize me ... Let alone find comfort in places she knows . This one 's been drinking . He smells like a brewery . Hey , peter , will you turn out the lights ? seriously ? Oh ! all right , peter . I ordered it on television . It 's an entry stamp . He 's got the same one.It 's a place called cabrin . The industrial area is really happening In the underground club scene right now . So she 's going to the club to find these victims . Look , i need more time to make the cure . Please . If you take her alive , i know i can save her . I 'll see what i can do . Dunham , FBI , he 's with me . now you 're my kind of guy . What is that ? It 's a hand-held thermal imaging radiometer . It tells me if you 're hot . So ... So you 're definitely hot . But , I 'm looking for someone with syphilis . Uh , okay . I don 't understand. something 's wrong . Something 's missing . The rat 's body has rejected the cure . Perhaps a protein incompatibility . No , it 's not that . I know what 's wrong . The contagion required cerebral spinal fluid As a catalyst . And the cure must require some as well . Bond the cure to the contagion . Yes , and the only spinal fluid we know for a fact Is compatible ... is my own . Well , no , that 's out of the question . It 's too dangerous . If you lose more spinal fluid It could cause a brain hemorrhage . No , I was very careful To monitor the amount of fluid I removed . Another 25 milliliters should be safe . Walter ... we can 't . We have no other choice ! Walter ! Prep the table , Agent Farnsworth . Thank you . Anything ? No , not yet . I got her . She 's near the back , near the bar . Peter , I can 't find her . She was right there , but she 's gone now . Okay ... Alright keep looking . I 'm gonna check with Charlie . Hey , charlie ? We had her , but we lost her . You got the exit ? Nobody is leaving yet . She 's still in there with you , Liv . You prepare for the spinal fluid , agent Farnsworth . Come on up . Here we go . Gently . Yes . Okay , gently , gently , gently . All right ? Yes , thanks . Charlie ... Yeah , Charlie , I think she 's headed to you . What 's she wearing ? Black dress and freakishly blue eyes . On it . Valerie Boone £ ¬ are you Valerie Boone ? It 's her.Take her down . All right , we got her.clear the area . I just got off the phone with Olivia . Good news , Dr. Boone. they have her . Oh , excellent . Dr. Boone ? Walter . Get me a tpa injection . You lied to me . You let me take too much spinal fluid . How far would you go For someone you love ? How 's she doing ? She 's gonna be out for hours . Where 's the siren on this thing ? There . Is that why you wanted to drive ? Everybody should get to do this at least once bare working on That looks says more than just , " I wish I hadn 't have let him drive . " I was just thinking about Nicholas Boone And what he did for his wife . What he is doing . Jeez , that kind of love . Greg asked Rachel for a divorce , And now he 's fighting her for custody . You know , I never liked that guy . You 've never met Greg . Yeah , but I met your sister . So I know she deserves better . And I thought you were a card-carrying cynic . I am , world class . But there 's an argument to be made that beneath every cynic , There is a frustrated romantic . Peter ! Peter My trigger Thank you . I think she like you . Good. bring her in , strap her down . Walter , what happened ? He had a stroke . Pulse is strong . Yeah , so is she . Agent Farnsworth , 30ccs of the antidote , please . Peter . Thank you . You 're welcome . Okay now what Now we wait . Walter ... No ! Let her ! Is she ... Seems to be working . Agent Farnsworth ... Prepare a solution , 30 parts saline . And some adrenaline And perhaps a cup of coffee . Walter . Hmm ? He 's gone . Dr. Boone asked me to give this to you personally , Agent Dunham . What is it , Walter ? Agent Dunham , If you 're watching this , I suspect I didn 't make it . But you and I had a bargain , And , uh , you held up your end . Now , I have made many mistakes in my life , But in the end , I should at least Be a man of my word . And I promised you answers . With any luck , you will use them To rectify some of my misdeeds . Now , in the time I worked with z.f.t. , I never dealt with anyone of significant rank Within the movement . But I was able to gather some names , Including some I suspect you 've already heard of . Dunham . Hey . Are you all right ? Yeah . Uh , Nicholas Boone talked . He told us everything he knew about z.f.t. Did he mention David Robert Jones ? No , he said he 'd never heard of him . But he did mention another name that we 've heard before . According to Boone , The man who 's funding z.f.t ... Is William Bell .
