 Do you think I look like a possum in this shirt ? No . Why ? My wife went on and on this morning about how this shirt makes me look like a possum . Sometimes I don 't know how you put up with that woman . Usually I hold perfectly still until she goes away . The company has a problem . A recent survey found employee morale has dropped from " low " which they were okay with : to " I 'd like to burn this place down " Which , frankly , I 'm surprised is one of the options . This is Clark . He conducted the survey . Right now he 's telling Veronica what the employees think about her , which means right now , Veronica hates Clark . 63 % found you too intimidating . Is there such a thing as too intimidating ? Is there ? Answer me , you little bean counter . I 've told you three times I don 't like being called that . Sorry . I was told my evaluation was at 11 : 00 . We 're done . It seems everyone 's afraid of me , which to me , sounds like their problem , but apparently not . The company is worried that a decrease in morale is hurting productivity . We think it would help if you softened your image a little , compliment people , be more supportive . If people feel appreciated , they work harder . I 'm sure we 're all gonna have to make adjustments . Not you . Everyone likes me ? You so desperately want to be loved . No , I don 't . Yes , I do . I mean , who doesn 't ? Mr. Crisp , you had a near-unanimous rating of " excellent . " In fact , there were even several write-ins of " adorable . " Brother . Look out , Jesus . Wait . " Near-unanimous " ... Does that mean a few less than unanimous or a few more ? Really the only group you didn 't score well with were men over 50 in lower management . Too bad , Ted . Men over 50 in lower management loved me . No , they didn 't . Shut up , you little bean counter . I don 't get it . What did I do to men over 50 ? You 're young , good-looking , successful . Honestly , they probably just resent you . Maybe I 'll just have to make them get to know me . I mean , my father 's over 50 , and he ... Wait . You wanted to see me , boss ? Yes , employee . As part of an effort to raise morale , I 've been told to find out what would make our workers happy , and I thought I 'd ask you , since you 're the smartest , most observant person in the whole company . Let me guess . You 've also been told to compliment people . See how smart you are ? Thank you . But what makes you think I know how to make employees happy ? Because you 're the suggestion box lady . They call like that you upstairs . I 've never put my name on any of my helpful but ignored ideas . How do they know they 're from me ? Other people suggested that you stop hogging the suggestion box . Sitting out there in those identical cubicles , people start to feel anonymous . There 's no sense of community . Personally , I 've always felt disconnected , like I 'm just some faceless cog in a giant , dehumanizing machine . Slow down , chairman mao . I don 't need a manifesto . I need something to make people happy . The company could start by letting us individualize our space , you know , decorate our cubicles , put up photos and artwork . Really ? That 's all it would take ? You drones are so easy . That 's not a compliment . Good morning . Rick , I think I 've been replaced by someone who likes cats . My cubicle 's been decorated with space stuff . It 's a very aggressive move , but by who ? Nice sweater , Lily . I support your decision to wear it . Hi , balding guy . I love what you 've done with the hair you have left . Hello , mob . You look confused . We were just wondering about our new ... and lovely cubicles . Linda suggested ... Great . I love where this is going . That you all be allowed to decorate your workplaces to express your individuality . The company thought it would be too risky to just let people do whatever the hell they wanted , they 've expressed your individuality for you in four exciting and inoffensive themes ... Green bay packers . Cats . Space . And classic cars . Isn 't that great ? Enjoy your new personalities . Nice job , Linda . I know ! Can you believe this place and the things they do to all of us sometimes ? Teamwork ... it 's a beautiful thing . In business , it means working together for a common goal . X - rays show that when people work together , they 're happier and less likely to do something weird ... What about me screams " cat lady " to you ? Maybe the way you pounce on a fella who 's just trying to get cup of coffee . The company personalized my cubicle with all the stupid cat stuff . What are they trying to tell me , that I 'm gonna die old and alone , with a hundred cats chewing on my decomposing body ? If you fed the cats once in a while , your story would have a happier ending . Would you just say they 're wrong about me , please ? In spite of what my new poster says , I 'm having trouble hanging in there . The company does all sorts of crazy things . That doesn 't mean we have to be crazy , too . Now if you 'll excuse me , I have to go seduce a 55-year-old man . Manny , right ? I 'm Ted . I know who you are . I have always heard so much about you . You 're practically a legend in this place . I can 't believe it 's the first time we 've met It 's not . We 've worked together on three projects before . I meant the first time we 've met , outside of those three projects . It 's not . What do you want , Ted ? I want to take you to lunch . Screw that . Just fire me now . I won 't make a scene . No , it 's not like that . 30 years I give to this company , 30 years , and this is how it ends . A : inside voices , and B : no one 's firing you . I just wanna get to know you and you to know me . You can bring some friends , if you like , so they can , know me , too . How about Bill and Jeremy ? Don 't you have any friends who are , you know , older ? Hey , guys . I just want you both to know that you 're doing great work . Your specs on the robotic firefighting technology really ... blew my mind . That 's gotta feel good , right ? Boost your morale ? Thank you . You 're welcome . And , Phil , I like that outfit . That was incredible . I 'm , like , tingly . Our specs weren 't that great . I reject her compliment . Then can I have your half ? It doesn 't mean anything . She 's only saying nice things because the company ordered the executives to boost our morale . You shouldn 't have any trouble giving up your half . I see the company made you a cat person , The company can go lick its ass . I 'm sorry . I just don 't see myself as a cat person . Neither did I , but I realized that we 're cat people . That 's insane . They 're saying we 're cats . I don 't mean actual cats . They 're saying we share the same qualities . Cats are quick , smart and independent , just like you , me , Debbie and Bruce . You think I 'm quick , smart and independent ? Everybody does . We 've all talked about it . Really ? I never thought of myself in cat terms . But I do like to think I have those attributes . Or should I say " cat-tributes " ? Cat-tributes ... can I use that ? No , it 's mine . What 's wrong with this picture ? Five steaks , one caesar salad , low-fat dressing on the side . I like a light lunch . It keeps me sharp for the rest of the day . Look at Mr. Perfect , Mr. Stays-awake-at-work . You 're so put together . It 's like you stepped out of a magazine . Didn 't you ever get a mustard stain on your shirt or ... A hooker 's vomit on your pants ? I did do one of those things when I was 12 , at a baseball game . I won 't tell you which one it is , but it was the game of my life . Look , fellas , I can have fun . What are you drinking , iced Tea ? In our day , it was okay to knock back a few at lunch . I tell you what . I can go old-school . Drinks all around . And now , you can call me : " Mr. Has-a-drink-at-lunch But-let 's-not-go-overboard It 's-still-a-work-day . " I know . It 's long , but it makes some good points . Have you met Debbie , Bruce and Rita ? They 're also cat people . Sure , I 've seen some of you around , but we 've never actually met . Now we all have something in common . Being surrounded by pictures of cats has made me realize how much I want one . I hate myself for being allergic . Have you guys seen that Youtube video that Janet sent around , with the cat that flushes the toilet ? I didn 't get that . It 's really cute . He thinks he 's people . It turned out it wasn 't the school 's mascot . It was just some random pig I 'd stolen . This guy 's hilarious . And what an operator . He comes back from lunch with the hostess ' phone number . I am totally gonna make love to her . You would have loved it back in the old days , Teddy . There was no such thing as sexual harassment . There was nothing sweeter than telling some broad who wouldn 't do ya to clean out her desk , put her crap in a box and go home . Gee , that sounds great . You be sure to tell everyone in your age group how much fun you had . Tomorrow 'll be even better . You are part of the group now . Tomorrow we 're taking you to lunch . Bring some dollar bills and a lap . I just made three new friends . Maybe I was wrong about the cubicle themes . For the first time since I 'm here , I feel like I 'm part of something . Glad to hear it . I have to go to a strip club tomorrow with a bunch of old men . What theme did the company give you ? Veronica and her hair were working hard on the company 's campaign to improve morale . They both put on a good front , but one of them was feeling frustrated and the other was feeling dry and flaky . You wanted to see me ? We isolated rat R.N.A using T.R.I. Would you like to see it ? Sure . That is very impressive . Nice work . Wait . Let me turn it on . That is very impressive . Nice work , thanks for calling me down here to see it . Nice work on that , too . I could listen to her praise me all day . It 's not real . Any grad student can isolate rat R.N.A and I looked at our average specs from the other day . I rejected her compliment then , and I re-reject it now . Excuse me . Some of us aren 't married to my wife . I 've gotta grab all the compliments . I 'm sorry , but when I hear an undeserved compliment , My ears want to throw up . Your ears are always throwing up about something . I can 't believe you guys got me a kitten . Linda had finally found that sense of community she 'd been missing . Janet on the fourth floor also a cat person was giving them away . We thought you 'd want one . And they thought right , didn 't they , boots ? Sandals ? I should get away from footwear . Stapler . Now I 'm just looking at things on my desk . That 's good . It 's great having a strong , young friend around . How do you know when your need to be liked has become unhealthy ? Do me . Do me next . Seriously , how do you know ? Because clearly , I 'm having trouble finding the line . Hello , space people . Is this space taken ? Houston , we have a problem . I guess not . Janet upstairs is giving away the cutest kittens . Have you guys seen them ? Houston , we have a problem . What 's that , joe ? It 's just , we were talking about space stuff . It might be over your head by 50 miles ... That 's where space starts . I know where space starts . It 's not like you 're in a secret club . Shut up . Why are you sitting over here ? All of us cat people have our own table . I thought I 'd mix it up a little , see what the other groups are up to , check out the final frontier . I heard Pluto 's not a planet anymore . How do we feel about that , fellas ? What ? I thought we were friends . You know , cats of a feather . We are friends , but I also want to be friends with other people . Did you just say " cats of a feather " ? If you were sitting at our table , you would have seen the shirts that bruce made for us . It 's just one lunch . I can 't believe you 're making such a big deal . I 'm not . But we gave you a cat . A cat . You 're disgusting . I haven 't seen you here before . Don 't be silly . I 'm down here all the time . What 's that smell ? It 's my plate . Yum ! The food here 's not very good . I like to say even the salt needs salt . You 're a very funny man . You think ? In fact , I think you 're " Phil-arious . " My wife says I wouldn 't know comedy if it ripped my face off . Good for you for having a wife . What happened , Linda ? It looks like the cats abandoned you like you abandoned them . They abandoned you . I hope they didn 't leave you any little gifts on the seat of your car . My car 's in the shop . I didn 't drive today . That 's right . You better run . I 'm gonna mess you up . Join us . Guys , what 's going on ? I was hoping foreplay . All right , this party is over . Don 't be that guy , that uptight guy we thought you were . You know what ? I am that guy . The guy you want me to be gets taken advantage of , so I 'm this guy , and this guy wants all of you out of my office . And why is that sticky ? Where 's the frakking aspirin ? There it is . Good job , cabinet . God . I must stop . This will kill everything , right ? That 's why we weren 't allowed to sell it . I 'm losing my mind . I just saw Bob Gershon 's butt . I think it touched my desk . I 've been saying so many nice things to people I 've started making words up . This morning , I called Phil " magniflorious . " About Phil . He 's falling in love with you . And if that doesn 't sound " horrifliffic " I don 't know what does . God . See , that 's why I keep my hair up . It creates a distance , an unapproachability . I miss that me . I don 't know who I am anymore . You know who you are ? You are a great boss who gets things done . That should be all that matters . Thank you . And you shouldn 't be wiping wrinkly butt prints off your desk . I know . I shouldn 't care what men over 50 think about me , except my father , and that ship has sailed . You 're right . About my father ? Did he say something to you ? I 'm talking about here . You can 't win with some of them anyway . I found cat feces in my car . Speaking of cat-related vandalism ... What are you doing ? Clearly , I 'm losing my mind . I thought decorating the cubicles would create this great sense of community . But you can 't base a community on made-up personalities . That 's like high school , only no one 's on drugs and everyone 's trying to get pregnant . The druggie teen slut is right . I said you were right . It 's time to end this madness . Agreed . Drones ... Can I have your attention ? Something tells me I should have known you in high school . I actually went to an all-girls school and was totally straight . But I 'm very trampy now . Recently , we 've tried doing things a little ... I have never seen you this excited about schematics before . Now that I 've redone them , I think they 're some of my best work . I finally have something worthy of Veronica 's praise . And since , unlike you , I 've earned this moment , I 'm going to enjoy it . And while it may have been a worthy experiment , it is now over . And so from now on , there will be no more praise . And I will no longer be complimenting any of you ... Damn it ! Unless it is truly your best work . Damn it ! And the next time some survey asks how happy you are , you check " very , " or I 'll give you something to be happy about . I 'm not sure that makes any ... The hair is up . That 's all they hear . And so things got back to normal . I think we need to talk . Sweet . Look , you are a very nice man ... I like hearing that . That is , I like you as afriend . Step one ... check . Nothing is ever gonna happen with us . I see . And now I must get out of the room as quickly as possible . Wait . Another time , another place , two other people ... it could 've been magniflorious . You mean that ? I do , especially the part about two other people . And things got back to normal for Linda , too , although she did get that sense of community she was looking for . Unfortunately , it was centered around blaming her for getting things back to normal . And as for me , I kinda like the idea of not caring what people think of me . Go to hell , Ted . Will do .
