 A well-run company is like an intricate machine . A lot of moving parts working together in perfect precision . You might say Veridian Dynamics is like a finely tuned watch . That 's Dale . He even has a big hand and a little hand . You guys are great . Ahead of schedule and under budget . So what is it ? We call it " The voice of God . " No , we don 't . - No , we don 't . Hypersonic sound , or H.S , projects a narrow beam of sound which can only be heard by a specifically targeted person . Field testing shows that the subject , or " victim , " as I like to call people " helped " by Veridian technology , can be hundreds of feet away and will hear the message as thought it 's being whispered only to them . It 's highly persuasive . Advertising companies are very excited because it will allow them to burrow even deeper into the human brain . Let 's zap Rick . He 's always using the copy machine . We get it . You need to make a lot of copies . Just don 't set it too high . At full power , the sound wave is so intense , it can cause vomiting . A machine that causes vomiting . that could have all kinds of applications for the military ... And fashion modeling . It 's me ... God . You want me to stop using the copier ? But why ? I don 't make that many copies . No , I 'm not questioning you . This is what it would be like if god was insecure . This place may be a perfectly tuned machine , but the thing about a perfect machine , it only takes the smallest glitch to throw the whole thing off . That 's not right . Really not right . This is such a circus . You 're a baby , you know that ? A big baby . - Veronica , it 's toxic . We had to call in the contamination guys . Am I allowed to ask what ate my desk ? - All we know is it came from a leak from Dr. Bhamba 's biocomputer upstairs . A biocomputer . It 's half machine , half living organism . If you think that sounds creepy , you should see it at feeding time . Speaking of useless , half-living organisms ... I brought doughnuts ... A festive treat while we wait out this little inconvenience . Don 't think you can buy your way out of this with doughnuts , Just give me a status report . Okay , and a buttermilk log . The biocomputer , which I have humorously named " Johnny " ... Has been leaking an acid-like goo , or " ass-goo , " for short . Anyway , we 're stumped . Johnny has been running nonstop for three years , and we 've never had a problem like this before . Sadly , until we find the reason for the leak , it will continue . Is it even safe to work in the building ? Just get it fixed . And you need to grow a pair . Veronica assigned Dr. Bhamba to room 4-d , which is known as " the ridiculously tiny office . " This office is ridiculously tiny . Other employees were left to find their own office space . People , people ! - Please , help us ! I hate seeing you put out like this . I said , I hate seeing you put out like this . Thank you . Make sure that it ... It 's more powdery . I 'm supposed to share an office with Wallace , that food-taster guy in the basement . Unless anyone else has an idea ? Take the freight elevator ? It 's faster . Thanks . That 's exactly the idea I was looking for . I don 't know anything about women ... At least , according to my wife ... But I think ... Linda wants to move into your office . - I know , but it 'd be awkward . Even though she has a boyfriend , there 's always been this ... Attraction between us . I mean , she is smokin ' hot . Anyway , you 're right , but I just don 't think it 's a good idea . So I do know something about women . I am gonna call my wife and tell her how hot Linda is . Oh , wait . Experimental cracker ? - God . No . But you keep chewing . Pretty . Maybe I wasn 't being that clear before . Can I move in with you ? But what about Wallace and all his crazy foods ? That 's gotta be fun . He told me he needs a good woman in his life cause his mom just died . Then he coughed up some of the experimental cracker he 's eating and swal lowed it again . I mean , sure , every girl dreams of a romantic moment like that , but it was all happening so fast . Well , I 'd love to help you , Linda , but I don 't have a big office . - In here . In here ... In here ... And there 's that terrible echo . Of course . I 'd be happy to have you share my office . Thank you . I 'll be right back . And your pen-holder 's gonna be perfect for my tampons . I 'm kidding . But seriously , I 'm gonna need a couple of drawers . I can do this . It 'll be fine . We 'll just have to make sure we keep things professional . God , I 've been lugging that thing all over the place . Oh , boy . Machines ... When you were little , you wanted to be one . Now we 're working to make that happen by taking the best things about people and the best things about machines ... And combing them into something strong and , we hope , loving ... I wasn 't the only one being affected by the goo coming out of Johnny . All the scientists from the biocomputer floor had been reassigned to other labs . Why don 't you go talk to her ? - Talk to her ? Would you talk to a rainbow or a sunset ? If I wanted to get it on with refracted light , I would . If only I was a worm . I could cut myself in two and date my lower half . We all wish we were worms , Lem , but that 's never going to happen . Now get in there . I 'm Lem . I 'm lucy . I work upstairs in robotics . I shouldn 't be talking to you . I just created a robot-boyfriend who gets very jealous . Wait . I 'm kidding . We broke up . That 's funny . You 're funny . I can be funny . Want to see me throw something at that guy or touch the ceiling ? That 's lame . But it 's cute you 're trying so hard to impress me . You should meet me for a drink tonight after I 've dinner with my mom and pretend to go to bed . One drip on a desk . That 's all it took to throw things out of whack . And when that happens , it changes the way you look at things . Are you staring at my butt ? No , your butt is in my staring place . So technically , it 's staring at me . Sorry . It 's from a small town . It 's never seen a big businessman like you before . Well , tell it to act more professional . It 's making a spectacle of itself . I was worried about sharing an office with someone I 'm attracted to , but the problem is being stuck with someone with such annoying work habits . Mama . Say ... Look , he 's trying to say it , only he pronounces it Maw-maw . Excuse me . I need to get some word one . Maybe you should also . And I 'm sure the fish has things to do , too , like protect his treasure from that diver . First of all , " the fish " has a name . He 's Macgyver . That 's right ... Macgyver and the diver . And second of all , they 're gay-married . And don 't you dare judge ... - You do know I need your report on the hypersonic sound project in two days ? Look who 's all , " get to work . " Macgyver , why do you think Ted 's like that ? Who do you think he didn 't get enough love from ? That 's right ... His maw-maw . Are you ready ? I 'm ready . Are you ready ? I 'm ready . Is your report ready ? No , it 's not ready . - I should have your fish do it - He can only write " mama " I had a great time last night . I 've never been to a dance-aoke bar before . Technically , it 's a karaoke bar , but I like to bring it when I perform . Listen , I had a great time also . I 'm just so sorry about the way it ended . Good night , Lem . Good night . You were allergic to my perfume . It could 've happened to anyone . I 'm not wearing any now . How you doin ' ? I 'm Brody . I was assigned to this office . With this beautiful , exotic lady . I 'm not exotic . I 'm asian . There are more of us than there are of you , so statistically , you 're the exotic one . What ? Wait ... What ? You heard the statistically average lady . Is it possible to overdose on antacid ? I hope the answer 's yes . Here . Let 's find out together . They just yelled at me upstairs . They 're mad because this leak is hurting productivity in our department . Someone even suggested making the cubicle workers do their jobs in hazmat suits . - That seems a little ... Save your breath . They told me no . I need this leak fixednow , Ted . I 'm not waiting on Bhamba . He 's so stressed , he spends his day staring out the window he drew on the wall of his office . I put Lem and Phil on it . Believe me , no one wants this problem solved more than I do . Is Ken having trouble with Barbie in their Malibu dream house ? I must say , the thought of you guys in there together sickens me . You 're jealous ? Jealous implies I can 't have something I want . This is more like if someone borrows my stapler ... Even if I 'm not using the thing , I still don 't like the thought of someone else pounding away on it . See that ? She 's working for ten minutes now . I 'm actually getting some ... - I need a break ! Tell me about your ex-wife . Lovely woman . Sex was good . Crazy as hell . Back to work . So she was crazy ? I 'll bet that 's why the sex was good . Why 'd she leave ? Sure , le t 's talk about my wife taking off one day , abandoning me and our child , flying off to save the world while leaving the wreckage behind of our broken family . That 'll be a fun afternoon . It 's not bad to go to a sad place sometimes , Ted . And I hope you 've talked about your wife to someone . Because it 's important to work through relationship issues and figure out what went wrong . Otherwise , you 'll just keep making the same mistakes over and over again . You know what I mean ? I guess I hit a nerve . He 's got more problems than you , and you poop in your air . Now I know why Barbie and Ken are sold separately . Can I move in with you ? It was impossibl to get work done with Linda in my office , so I moved in with Veronica . She and I both appreciate a quiet , professional work environment . Sorry , I couldn 't get any workone with that hair screaming at me . The leak has put Veronica under a little stress , too . The next day , the stress intensified , and so did Veronica 's way of coping with it . Still , it 's easier than being with Linda . Besides , Veronica goes to a lot of meetings , so I get the place to myself . They 've decided upstairs to make me the fall guy for this whole biocomputer thing ... A project that wasn 't even mine . It just dripped on my floor . - That 's a gun . Blame the bird that dropped the turd ... You have a gun . - Not the hat that got the splat . That 's a basic rule of business . Don 't these people know anything ? - What are you doing ? That always works . Mother ... - You 're a guest . I can 't have you flinching every time I shoot a gun in here . So it 's not really working out with Veronica . Have you been able to plug the leak in the biocomputer ? Because I need it plugged . I need it plugged bad . According to my wife , I 'm not good at reading men , either , but it sounds like ... - I can 't go back to my office because Linda 's work habits drive me crazy . And I can 't say anything because then we 'd just get in a fight , and I don 't want to fight . I like Linda . I just need things back the way they were ! I suppose ... - Just do it . Are you avoiding me ? It 's the opposite . I 've been looking for you . I 've been in your office . - I know . I feel like things have gotten weird since I moved in , and I think I know why . Maybe we should talk about it . I 'd like to . I can 't . I 'm in the middle of ... Something . So ... Darn it . Christmas was great 'cause it was a real white Christmas . It was just awesome . This polymer should plug the leak , but it 's a temporary fix . Unless we figure out why it 's leaking , it 's gonna keep happening . - Look at that gorgeous creature . I have to stop him from getting my girl . God . Lem , you 're using science for no good . We took an oath we would try to do that less . I 'm cranking this all the way up . I 'll bet brody is a lot less suave when he 's covered in his own vomit . I know I am ! That 's gross . Oh , my god , I emptied the stomach of the woman I love . Okay , fellas , time 's up . We 're gonna go fix the biocomputer . Follow me . But the polymer still needs more testing . If you come with me now , I won 't ask what you did to that poor woman ... To make her throw up like that . Fair enough . My god ... It 's beautiful . Half computer , half living organic matter . That looks like barf . I Miss lucy . I just want to shoot this thing full of polymer and get on with our lives . - Wait . Since it hasn 't been tested , there 's a 20 % chance that when the polymer interacts with the corrosive acids , the entire thing could explode . Let 's see , 20 % ... And there 's a 100 % chance Linda 's still in my office . Let 's do it . Stand back ! There was a 1-in-5 chance that this could end badly , but that was a chance I was willing to take to get my life back to normal . Wait ! I know what 's causing the problem . The biocomputer has an ulcer . That 's why it 's leaking fluid . This thing has been running nonstop for three years . It 's stressed . But since it 's a biocomputer , instead of crashing like a machine , it 's secreting acids like a living organism . How do you know that ? I realized it when I saw you chugging antacid . I guess I 've also been under a lot of pressure . With Linda moving in my office and all , it 's ... It 's been a difficult time . So what do we do ? We 're men . We ignore your vulnerable moment . - I meant about the biocomputer . All it needs is a way to communicate when it 's stressed . I can write a program that 's triggered by an acid buildup , a sort of acid interface , or " ass-face " for short . I 'm not sure these abbreviations are really worth the time they 're saving As much as I hate to admit it , we have something in common . We both get stressed out when we don 't communicate . Plus , I 'm pretty sure neither of us can fold a fitted sheet . We need to talk . Not now , Ted . I 'm working . - Now you 're working ? I 've got this report due tomorrow , remember ? But , fine , what did you want to talk about ? Your work habits and how bad they are and how much that bugs me . This can wait . Go ahead . To begin with , your work habits are bad . And in conclusion , that bugs me . That 's not why you 've been so tense . You know why you 've been so tense ? Does it have anything to do with your workabits ? Damn . - You still want me . I 'm in your staring place , but you 're still too wounded by your ex-wife leaving you to know what to do with that . So you don 't want to be with me because you 're afraid I might leave , too . You flirt with me , you stare at my butt , but that 's as far as you can go . - As far as I can go ? You flirt , too . You 're the one that has a boyfriend . - You 're the one that has a ... Good ... that 's a good point . But six weeks ago , I did not have a boyfriend , and you still wouldn 't be with me . Fine . From now on , no more flirting . We keep it professional . Fine with me ... boss . Good . Starting now , you 're just another butt-less coworker . Good . Then the door has nothing to hit on my way out . I found your sweater in the lab , so I had it dry-cleaned . That was nice of you . Listen , lucy , about what happened ... Look , it 's the exotic dude from the lab . Come on , babe . Tea 's ready . Sorry . I thought he was a jerk at first , but then when I threw up , he brought me home and took care of me . Weird ? If I hadn 't gotten sick , this never would 've happened . So you owe me $ 12 for the dry cleaning . Thanks to Phil , the biocomputer healed and was brought back to the land of the half-living . More importantly , everyone could go back to their own work spaces . For some , it was bittersweet . You 'll always have your sneeze-related head injury . For others , getting their office back was julie-andrews sweet . You did this , Phil . And to recognize your efforts , we 're promoting you to senior lab associate . I was promoted to that a year ago . Really ? You shouldn 't have been . You probably owe the company some money . I 'll check into that for you . Thank you . Here are the test results for the sound transmitter . Your presentation is at 3 : 00 , you have a few hours to look it over . - Thank you . Very professionally done . My process is just different than yours , but I am professional , and I believe professionalism is our new mandate ? Thank you letting me share your office , and good afternoon . Good afternoon .
