 announcer : previously , on kings ... If you can fix it ... you deserve it . Minds are Gathering . We 'd like you to join us . If those signs guide me to your door . It will be open . Oh , my god . You love thomasina . Oh , i 'm so screwed . I should tell your father about us now . You can 't . what is your deepest secret ? I could keep nothing from my king . I have been lying to you . You can 't produce an heir . so what ? You could still take pride of place . I will stand before all and designate this country A blood dynasty , with you as my heir . The future king . Silas falls ... and soon . And be sure there will be all the blood required . Do it . hey ! David Shepherd , you 're under arrest . On what charge ? treason . [ sizzling ] Extra butter for jack . None for Michelle . But you like your eggs over-buttered ... And underdone . Thank you . Ah , the secret to cooking 's all in the shopping . Going to the market , finding the best produce , Fighting over the best bread . Bringing all the ingredients together , that 's the hard work . Cooking is just the correct application of heat . Hmm . Breakfast . i 've missed this . You used to cook all the time . What happened to that ? Things changed . things need to change back . I 'll let you two capable men sort through things . Together , mountains can move . My boys . There will be a trial . You will be asked to recall your time With Shepherd . I 'm not sure how i 'll remember it . You choose how you remember it . [ smacks lips ] I find him interesting . His devotion to you , to doing the right thing , Even when he has no idea what that is . You 're my heir . You have something to lose in his success . Not much success in an execution . You see the way the people look at him ? We have to slit the throat on the legend . And that falls to me ? All the ingredients are there . All that 's required is the correct application of heat . [ distant chatter ] [ metal rattling ] How did he seem , our king ? Focused . Concerned . He wants me to back whatever lies he trumps up against David . You came to me first . Nice to see your loyalty without having to ask for it . I understand my commitments . And all on account of Shepherd . My father fears what he 'll become . He wants to destroy the crop before it takes root . He 's doing our work for us . Putting a hero on trial will only turn public opinion Further against him . With that and the handover of port prosperity , By the time we make our move , Our country 'll be glad to be rid of him . And all will be yours ... From one sea to the other . Impress your father on this one . Do what he asks . This trial is going to bury Shepherd . [ flashbulbs snapping ] Mr. Shepherd ! mr . Shepherd ! David Shepherd , are you innocent ? Are you guilty ? What are the charges ? Can you give us a statement ? [ gavel pounds ] This is a preliminary hearing to consider charges of treason Against captain David Shepherd . Take those chains off him . I remind chancellor hanson and all present these are supposed charges . The burden of proof will lie heavy On those that bring this accusation . Sir ... major Benjamin ... You accuse captain David Shepherd , my advisor , And a hero of this nation ? I do , sir . As a ranking military officer and the minister of information , I have been presented with evidence Too compelling to ignore ... That captain David Shepherd has been- - And would , if truth was not uncovered- - Remain a spy for Gath . [ courtroom murmurs ] That 's not true . I have evidence ... Of meetings , payments , names , photographs . First-hand testimony of a recently-arrested member Of the sons of moab , Gath hardliners dedicated to war with Gilboa . We have to accept that everything we thought we knew About David Shepherd is a lie , His every act of heroism only stage craft . Under crown law , i ask captain Shepherd face charges Of high treason and conspiracy to commit espionage . [ courtroom murmuring ] Charges which , when proven true , will be punishable by death . [ dramatic music ] Shockwaves ripple through the nation As king Silas ordered David Shepherd to stand trial For espionage . In the words of major jack Benjamin , " everything we thought we knew about David Shepherd is a lie . " [ crowd shouting ] A minute ... please . Prison transport 's pulling up . A minute . I 'm here for you , David . always . I 'll do everything i can . Even when your brother thinks i 'm the enemy ? I can 't let this drag you down too . You should have thought of that Before you asked me to dance . [ whispering ] i love you . Say it again . Captain . [ door slams ] You 're actually going to try him ? We 're all servants of the law . The accusations are ludicrous . How can you let jack attack him ? Jack acts in accordance with job and conscience . He 's no happier about this than i am . Are you gonna make yourself sick over this ? If you want to help David , Stay away from him during the trial . We don 't want accusations of false favor When he 's acquitted , do we , hmm ? Too much at stake . Call to order . crown of Gilboa . Gilboan military versus captain David Shepherd . Captain David Shepherd . We all heard the stories . He took down a goliath , brought us peace , Saved the nation , saved me . We all wanted to believe in him . It makes us feel good about ourselves to imagine Someone like that is real . But can anyone ever be ... This ... good ? No . There was an agenda at play ... To charm his way to the king 's side With heroics which are nothing short of myth . Like his brother , who was convicted for insurrection , He wanted to destroy our government And betray us to the enemy . Captain Shepherd , You may make your opening statements . Or , as your attorney for the court , colonel felker . Defense is ready . My allegiance is now as it has always been : To this country ... And its king . I welcome any ... suggestion to the contrary . A determined king . Always a measure of weakness to show strength Upon the feeble . Shepherd is hardly feeble . He will be by trial 's end . Some time ago , i made you an offer ... An offer you refused . This is not a discussion for here . The way he watches me ? This is the safest place of all . [ whispering ] what you intend ... Will fracture this country . No more so than Silas will When he hands over our land to the enemy . Seeing it done , i don 't think I want to take part in treachery . There 's no place in war for a soft stomach . We need your support . And David ? Hmm. a place can be found . If he survives . The crown calls its first witness , Colonel matthew shore , Senior officer of the sons of moab . Can you tell us the purpose of your organization ? Keep our countries at war until your country is no more . We believe that premier shaw never should have signed The peace with your country . And captain David Shepherd- - When we he recruited to help your cause ? He approached us about six months ago . Said he was losing faith with his country . Didn 't want to fight the war anymore . He lost his father , blamed Silas for everything . The defendant is a low-ranking soldier . How could he help Gath ? We came up with a plan . A way for him to infiltrate the royal family . We game him intel on the 127th . My unit . Ambushed by Gath forces . We gave Shepherd your whereabouts , Guaranteed his safety . So when David Shepherd crossed enemy lines To rescue me ... it was a setup . He became an instant hero . But it was all staged . Including the attack on the goliath tank . It was blown up by remote . An operative named lawrence hannan Did the real work there . Shepherd just posed for the photo . Where 's proof of any of this ? So far , this is just one man 's word against another . [ gavel bangs ] Miss ... Are you all right ? Uhh ! i 'm just feeling a little dizzy . We 've had conversations . many . So you could tell the room how i like my coffee , How i sit in a meeting , Some detail about me ? I didn 't say our relationship was personal . Professional then . What gun do i carry ? What 's my code name ? What proof do you have ? Anything that proves that you and i Were ever in the same room together . All we have is the word of a prisoner , Looking to exchange false information for comforts . Sir , the prosecution has evidence . At this time , we 'd like to introduce surveillance footage Acquired by the ministry of intelligence in conjunction With this investigation . Clear evidence ... Of captain Shepherd meeting colonel shore In acadia two months ago . This isn 't me . Sir , that 's not me . This isn 't real . This was set up ! Sir , that 's not me . you have to believe me . Belief may be enough in the house of god . This court needs proof . [ camera shutters clicking ] I serve the king . That is all i am guilty of . I serve the king . That is all i am guilty of . The court will adjourn for the day . Please take the prisoner back to his cell . I serve the king ! That is all i am guilty of ! I serve the king ! That is all i am guilty of ! I serve the king ! That is all i am guilty of ! I serve the king ! You really think David 's a spy ? Me , i don 't know what to believe anymore . But he 's so nice . Maybe no one 's really that nice . Here she comes . be cool . Your eyes follow me . No , ma 'am . Are you lying ? yes , ma 'am . You are a guard at the royal gates . Serious things are happening in this country . Stop it . I 'm sorry , ma 'am . i can 't . Why not ? It 's love , ma 'am . I 'll stay out of your way . [ prisoners chattering ] Your outburst in court- - I don 't think it 'll help your case . My case is that i 'm innocent . You called me son once . I 've only ever acted to earn that name . I recall learning of a relationship Later than i was due . That is my only sin to account for . But that was against you as a father to Michelle , Not to the state . You betrayed my trust once . It left a mark . If there 's anything else that you have done ... To hurt this country or me , Deliberately or not , now is the time to tell me . I swear , if i had ... I would confess my guilt . Give myself up to your mercy . Yeah . Yeah , i believe you would . Defense calls a character witness . P.f.c. sean savoy . [ sighs ] We 've known each other since basic , About two years . Fought together every day till he had to be a hero And got brought to shiloh . We swore the oath of enlistment together . Didn 't we ? Swore to give our lives to protect this country . You were standing right next to me . And during our service together , Did you ever have reason to suspect I might be working as a spy for the enemy ? Never . You 've always been a good friend . Saved my ass plenty of times . You were in something bad ... You always wanted David with you . He 's like a lucky charm out there . You were with me at the front ... The night i rescued major jack Benjamin . Yes . And you were watching with the rest of our unit When i brought major Benjamin back from captivity . You saw me cross the goliath line . You borrowed my wrench . Uh , i , uh ... i took the picture of you Facing that tank . i got an award for it from the guardian . You saw me fire the rocket That destroyed the goliath . Everybody saw . Did you ? That was the question . He was out past the neutral zone , so ... I saw a grenade flash ... Then David taking cover , Then the rocket that took it out . But you didn 't actually witness captain Shepherd Fire that rocket ? It came from his direction . Private savoy ... Did you see anyone else out there in Gath territory ? No . As a lookout for the squadron , Would you have ? Absolutely . In training , you were taught The simplest explanation ... Is always the truest . No further questions . What exactly happened in court ? Mm , suddenly lightheaded and tired , As if the day just got twice as long . And then this ... From a light bump against a dresser drawer . You 've been in remission for years . Not everything means your cancer 's back . The first time i felt like this Was when we did an immediate round of radiation . You know what that did to me . I know what it feels like . i know what comes next . Just ... run some tests . Check my e.s.r. We 'll run a blood panel , see what comes back . Meantime , don 't assume the worst . Must have made the guys proud when David blew up the tank . He became a hero . The only good day of the war . A real test of bravery . He 's braver than most . Braver , smarter , stronger . He saved my life once . Twice . Brokered peace with Gath single-handedly . Worked his way to royal table . Even recovered the charter of Gilboa . Ever wonder how he always seems to be At the perfect place and time ? He just knows stuff . He just knows stuff ? Mm-hmm . Like when he and i were on a mission to Gath , My entire unit died , Yet David was miraculously left unharmed . Lucky charm again ? Did you ever hear jokes in the trenches about it ? How impossible his luck was , That he knew the enemy 's movements so well He could have been a spy . Well , yeah , but ... we were kidding . Always ? Did it ever occur to you , even once , That it could actually be possible ? After all , what 's more likely : That David Shepherd was somehow magically endowed , Or that he 's just like us ? An ordinary soldier , stuck in a war with no end . So he tried to end it as best as he could ... By selling himself to the enemy . What would be the simplest explanation ? That , uh ... he worked with the enemy . [ crowd shouting ] How can you do this to us ? We believed in you ! We believed in you ! Turns out you have the right teeth for flesh . Shame to have to shut the whole place down Just so i can go shopping . Just not the same without having somebody before you Trying to grab the good honeydew . Oh , i know . I should have better things to do . Just hiding in old habits after the day 's ugliness . There 's no pleasure in being told Your favorite is your enemy . Tomato . Still quietly a nightshade . He is not your enemy , Silas . you know that . You have a chance to end this now . Make it right . Whatever your visions- - He is only becoming what he is meant to be . What god intends for this nation . Well , then , he didn 't tell me . Change is coming , Silas . You were supposed to foster it , to nurture it , To see the future improve upon the past . Now , you can still have your part , but don 't . [ thunk ] [ electricity buzzes ] Oh , so that 's it ? Change from arcana to tricks ? Don 't give god reason to tear from you this kingdom . I have known you to be a man to make mistakes In the name of ... vanity . But never a villain . There was a time , once , Not far from memory ... When you lost what was most dear to you . And you asked me that those responsible For the death of your wife not be just punished , Not be just killed , But that all memory of their existence on earth Be swept clean . And you asked not with the countenance of god , No magic hands- - Just as a broken man seeking revenge . Now , your friend did that for you . And you thanked him for it . So who are you now to ask that friend Not to exact revenge on those that would take from him ? Be the lamb . Or be the knife . Try to be both , You end up slaughtering yourself . I actually let myself dream of a life with you . I thought , what if all we had was just the beginning ? [ sighs ] We 'll never have nights like that again . David , that 's it . Even the meetings they fabricated . The video putting you and shore together . No one knew about us . Look at the time stamp at the bottom . It 's two months ago- - the eighth , 10 : 30 . That was the night of the blackout . They picked that night Thinking that you couldn 't prove you were anywhere else . I was with you . I 'm your proof . No , if you take the stand , They 'll see you as a traitor too . I don 't matter anymore . They 'll see that their evidence was tampered with , Their witness corrupt . My father 'll have to rule you innocent . Yeah , unless he doesn 't want to . Of course he wants to . you 're his adviser , his friend . That was before he knew about us . Well , you think he 'd try you for treason Because his daughter fell in love with you ? I think ... Maybe he was afraid his country would ... You know , one of the things i 've always loved about you Is how much you believe ... I will take the stand . i will defend you . And my father will be glad . If you believe in me , believe in him . Puppy . Went to bed , started dreaming of a steak . Woke up famished , hmm ? Hey , i could throw one on for you . I 'm not hungry . I told you ... Not to see him . I just wanted David to know he still has our support . Well , he doesn 't . I 'm just trying to protect you from what could happen to him . We have evidence that the case against him is a lie . If i take the stand , i can provide an alibi That proves his innocence . I will not have brother cross-examine sister- - Tear her apart , destroy her credibility . Because i will . You still playing David 's savior ? Let him go . I don 't care what anyone thinks of me , So long as they know David is innocent . Damn it , Michelle , We 're trying to make this easy for you . I 'm going to help him . Don 't you dare . I have to ! Everyone for David is against me . Now , stay out of this , or by god , I 'll count you amongst them . [ voice shaking ] you want him dead . He 's guilty . I 'll have every shred of his existence wiped from this earth . It 'll be against the law ever to speak his name . This is who you 're listening to . Hey , hey ! hey , what are you doing ? Hello , David . I don 't understand . It 's all been arranged . A plane is waiting . We have friends in other countries . Until it 's safe for you . You want me to run ? Only if you wanna live . Your death is a foregone conclusion . Silas is only waiting to sell the last few believers On his version of your truth . Which is why we must protect you , David . Silas won 't be around for long . We need to keep you safe , So he doesn 't kill you first . Why are you so sure ... He won 't be around for long ? The problem with great men Is they don 't always die at their best . Some live to make mistakes Which outlive their accomplishments . Come on , David . no . If i go with you , Everything Silas says about me is true . You 're worried about his good opinion of you ? I 'm worried about my own . I 'm no traitor . You 'd rather die than be misperceived ? Careful , David . You never wanna be ... too good . You heard him . Rush the man back to his execution . David ... You , of all . If i do die ... It shouldn 't be while wearing this . You demanded my presence . fine . Begging gets redundant after the first snot bubble , So let 's try to do this quick . There 's a plot against your father . I think they mean to kill him , replace him as king . You call me here to make up some stories about what ? Some coup ? You think that 's gonna save you ? You should have stuck to begging . It has more dignity . It 's your uncle . And reverend samuels . The reverend ? Really ? And what do they want from you ? You wanna be their king ? If i did ... Easier for you to attack me When you know i 've done no wrong . You need to warn Silas . You sit here in a cell thinking of ways to save a man Who 's gonna let you hang . You think you 're that good ? He won 't listen to me , but he 'll listen to you . He 's not your father . he 's mine . He 's still my king . Even now ? I 'm just doing what you 'd do , jack . You should be careful too . Thanks for coming in . I thought you 'd wanna know right away . [ sighs ] The trial 's not over yet . Hmm ? But you 'll probably cry then too . [ crying quietly ] I 'm pregnant . But ... Uhh , you can 't- - you can 't be . Are--are you sure ? The doctor said it was impossible . David 's child . Oh , god . does he know ? I 'm afraid ... Of my own father . Your father ... Must never know . You 'll help me ? No . This--this is a blessing . This is our family 's future . This ... kingdom 's future . But you must have nothing to do with David , ever again . No , i can 't . he needs me . No , it doesn 't matter . you 're scared of your father . You should be . He has eyes for David 's blood . And that blood now pumps through your veins . He will see David dead . And all his kind . If he knew , he would never let that child live . You 've been given this . Nothing else matters . You listen to me . You understand now . You feel it . A mother will do anything to protect her own . As i will protect you . Colonel shore is grateful for his immunity . Looking forward to a quiet and comfortable life On the eastern coast . There 's a number that made him lie . There 's a number that will make him tell the truth . See to it there 's no more talking . Are you sure that 's necessary ? We spoke some time ago of promotion . I recall . Since then , there 's been an increase in responsibility , Which you have handled with your usual grace . Thank you , sir . I need someone by my side that i can trust at all times And in all things . You 've always taken care of the family . You said it was your highest aspiration . It was ... and it is . But that 's all i ask now : To take care of the family . Just on a higher order . And with that in mind ... My defense ... Lacks the craft And sophistication Of the court 's evidence . But it can prove it false . I 've only ever tried To embody what is good about this nation . My family has sacrificed life and life again To keep alive the idea of a home as spoken by our king . I am a faithful servant to this country ... This court ... This man . The prosecution attempted to show that i met with a Gath spy . I bring firsthand testimony To prove their evidence forged . Court calls ... ms . Michelle Benjamin . Michelle Benjamin . [ whispering ] We 're still waiting , captain . I have no witness . [ courtroom murmurs ] Chancellor , i need a few moments With the defendant , alone . All rise . Trial to reconvene at such time to be determined . [ gavel pounds ] Betrayal has its own particular sting . Unfortunately , one gets accustomed . I have not betrayed you . Though i 've been given the opportunity . There are those who work against you . Oh , i know full well the dealings of william cross . There 's nothing whispered in this kingdom i 'm not privy to . There are many traitors , And though you 're not complicit in their dark work , You 're not innocent . Even my daughter has lost faith in David Shepherd . I am innocent . Are you ? i am . Even if you are of the charges brought against you , Hasn 't the effect of you been the same ? King . All these years , authority unquestioned . You think it 's a coincidence they conspire against me now ? A monarchy stands on a belief In the singularity of its sovereign , All vectors pointed here . And then along came you . Oh , and they looked at you , and they thought ... How they might improve upon me . Replaceable . You thought to inspire . But you inspired treason . I--i- - I only ever meant to serve you . I never meant to hurt you . Oh , i know that . But don 't you see now that you have ? You 've weakened the country . What can i do ? You swore ... that if you ever hurt me or this country You 'd admit guilt and fall upon my mercy . Did you not ? I did . Then keep your word . [ bell gonging ] [ muffled gunshots ] uhh ! I wasn 't staring , ma 'am . You think i 'm beautiful ? You think i 'm good ? I do . No matter what i do ? It 's love , ma 'am . Thomasina . David ... i 'm sorry . Captain David Shepherd , You have stood before this court protesting your innocence . Now , having heard the weight of evidence against you , And knowing the penalty of guilt , How do you plead ? Guilty . [ courtroom murmuring ] I stand before you prepared to elaborate on my crimes . Stop talking , David . You 're out of order , major . I 'm guilty . no , he 's not ! The prosecution will stand down . I can 't go along with this anymore . This was all a set-up . David Shepherd was framed ! He 's not a traitor . I am . Silas is . silence ! No , there 's been silence for too long . I am guilty . But not more so than my father , Who colluded to have David found a traitor When he is anything but ! shut ... up ! King Silas framed this entire case- - Coerced witnesses , faked evidence , Convinced me to lie against David ! But i see now that David Is a better man than the rest of us- - Innocent , deserving respect . What do you know about respect ? You never had it , you 've never given it ! He 's innocent--it 's over ! He 's admitted guilt ! you 're no king . And you 're no prince , you faggot ! Guards , arrest major Benjamin , now ! David Shepherd ... [ pounds gavel ] You are guilty of treason . Take him away ! [ crowd booing ] Take him away ! You lied ... to everyone . You 're a traitor . You 're both traitors ! You 're all traitors ! [ courtroom murmuring ] [ crowd booing ] [ crowd shouting angrily ] Stop where you are , sir . So this is it ? not even a trial ? We have their allegiance now . The king 's own guardsmen follow you , As do all Silas 's generals . I couldn 't watch him do that to David . I 'm sorry . Don 't be . You were perfect . After seeing what Silas really is , They 'll be begging for his replacement . Only one thing changes . what ? No more waiting . we act now . Sir . [ click ] And our country will have its new king .
