 And then , when I hit the bridge on Junks and Galleys , I realized what the song needs now is a solo . So I 'm gonna go home , strap on the Telecaster , and find out a way to make it sing . It 's gonna be good . - Tyler , I 'm so sorry . - About what ? - Um , you 're not upset ? - About my show ? Oh , no , is this gonna be like that Saved By The Bell where no one would tell Jessie how bad her music really was , so she had a caffeine pill freak out ? 'Cause I was the only person in the audience . Why would I be upset about that ? I killed . Seriously , Dubbie , since you and I met , - I have been writing like a song-nado . - A tornado made of songs ? You know it . Who cares how many people came to the show ? The songs are great , if I do say so myself , the ideas are flowing . You 're the best audience I could possibly want . And now , if you don 't mind , I would like to decompress from my artistic triumph by enjoying a fine dining experience with my lady . Only if I can treat . Well , seeing as how I got all of ... Oh ! - Forty-six cents in tips . - That barista shafted you . - Be my guest . - If the universe isn 't gonna reward you for being a great guy and a talented musician because it 's too busy making d-baggy slimeballs rich and famous , the least I can do is pick up some of the slack . As much as I appreciate the show of solidarity , Dubster , I 'm over it . Over it ? Your old band is live at Budokan on a song you wrote . I 'm sorry , Tyler , but you deserve better . Um , two hotdogs . One grilled onions and mustard , one chili-cheese with bacon . I know you 're Zen guy about the whole thing , and I admire that , but if there ever were people who should reap the whirlwind , their names are Casanova Charlie . Is Casanova Charlie . How come there 's no one in the band named Charlie ? - [ indistinct chatter ] - That bass player steals his girl , for which I 'm infinitely grateful , by the way , but still , he rides the wave to the pop charts of success on his song . - What 's the problem ? - Those guys are masher chum-suckers . No , they 're worse . If they tried to suck chum , they 'd fail . All right ? Honestly , I think it 's the flyer I designed for a show . Should have featured in the foreground so that people could bask in the sheer power that is his awesomeness and if they failed to come to the show , they would miss the newest magic by the guy who really wrote - Dreams of Monica . - [ man ] Want a piece ? - Yeah . He wrote it . - [ shouting ] [ man grunts ] - Tyler , are you OK ? - I 'm fine . - Are you OK ? - You just saved my life . - Oh , I don 't think I ... - I do . You selflessly stepped in to mediate a tense situation . When that proved untenable , you took swift action to prevent me from a lethal dose of wood and pine tar . I 'm sure you have gainful employment , but if you should find yourself wanting , please call me . - Are you offering him a job ? - The empathy to step in and the gumption to act are rare qualities . I 'm always looking for someone with rare qualities . - I don 't know if that 's me . - I do . I do . I 'll be expecting your call . You are such a rock star . - Morning , Lacey . Hey , Noser . - Hey , Tyler . - Yo , Wendy 's boyfriend . - Tyler , give me back my shirt . - [ alarm blaring ] - [ Middleman ] Two minutes . This is an emergency . Pan-galactic incursion requiring immediate sanction ! I got it . I 'll meet you outside . - Noser , give me back my shirt . - Noser , long bomb . Noser throws where the coffee is . Did your boss just call you on your watch - about a pan-galactic gargle blaster ? - No . Uh , Lacey , can I borrow your Capri pants ? Go for it . So how 's our hero doing today ? Seriously , Lacey , all I did was stop a street fight . The way Wendy told it , you were like Bruce Willis . I hope you mean before he recorded The Return of Bruno . Saving the life of a man of mystery . Did you called the guy for your reward yet ? - Reward ? - [ Noser ] If you saved his life using kung fu , he owes you what the Chinese sifus , the Japanese sensei and the Jedi knights refer to as a " life debt . " Every kung fu movie ever made can 't be wrong . In terms the common man can understand : you own his ass . Mm . I don 't want to own his ass . He offered me a job , I told him I was gonna work on my music . His card doesn 't even have a company on it . It 's just his name . You saved the life of Manservant Neville ? Manservant Neville ? Sounds like somebody 's butler . Not Man-servant , Man-ser-vant . As in , Manservant Neville . CEO of Fatboy Industries . As in the man who brought the world the uMaster . - The uMaster ! - Oh , that Manservant Neville . I remember when I got my first uMaster . - Did it not change your life ? - It seems to have an invisible touch . - I had a uMaestro for a while . - The knockoffs are just not the same . But Manservant Neville , Fatboy Industries , he didn 't just create a handheld device that changed how people relate to the world . They are the greenest , most progressive corporation ever . They fund the one uMaster per child initiative and a massive solar farm in the Gobi - and a blue whale haven in the ... - [ knocking ] Son of a monkey 's uncle , Wendy Watson , which part of " emergency " didn 't you get ? Wendy , why is your boss standing outside our door wearing a hazmat suit ? Forget it , Lace , it 's Chinatown . I 'm not gonna lie to you , Dubbie . The party 's beginning and we have a manure hoagie . What 's with the salty language ? Familiar with NASA 's Voyager ? The two probes that conducted grand tours of the solar system and passed into deep space , never to be seen again ? Each carrying evidence of humanity to anything that might want to pick them up . - Did someone ? - Unknown . But less than a half hour ago , the HEYDAR picked up an object streaking across the solar system . Voyager 2 is rocketing back home , and it 's coming in hotter - than the devil 's wedding tackle . - Whoa ! That was filthy . - It 's that bad . - Is that why we 're going all Andromeda Strain on it ? I 'm not taking any chances . When one of NASA 's birds unexpectedly comes back to the nest , it can mean one of two things : One , the probe is carrying an alien virus , hence the suits . Two , the probe is carrying actual aliens , hence the suits . Actually , three things . Possible the probe developed artificial intelligence and is returning to judge its makers , in which the suits are the least worry . But bottom line , Dubbie , that grand tour was supposed to be a one-way ticket , and I 'm godfather to an aardvark before I let a debacle - like the Viking Mission happen . - The Viking Mars mission ? - There was no one ... - I 'll explain . [ Middleman ] Voyager 2 , or what 's left of it . The outer casing and antennae must have burned off in re-entry . Luckily , it looks like the black box is still intact . [ Wendy ] Wow . When I was three years old , my dad sat me on his lap in front of the television to watch the pictures Voyager 2 sent back from Neptune . It seemed like magic back then . - Now , it just looks ... - Small ? Like a wrecked hibachi . This is a secure area . You have to clear out . We 're authorized . I 'm Commander Benton , this is Specialist Herriot . - NASA . - We 're NASA . - Regional listening post number 46A . - What a shocker . Only an apple-dumpling gang of untrained , scrub-podunk-know-nothings would show up at the potentially toxic aftermath of a pan-galactic incursion with only bubblegum in their mouths and the air between their ears . Where are your environment suits ? I ... We ... This is a routine retrieval . Routine retrieval ? How many Terran Probe Return Retrievals have you been on ? None . I mean we just found out about this a few minutes ago . - What if that wreck is carrying alien virus ? - Or an actual alien ? Or developed artificial intelligence to judge its makers ? Or if it has already judged its makers and found them wanting ? Bottom line , Mr Lethbridge-Stuart , if that is your name , are you gonna stand in front of Congress when we 're sprouting tentacles from our elbows and tell them that it was a routine retrieval ? OK . But if this goes south , it 's your ass in front of the oversight committee . Cover your kiester ? Send a letter to my boss . You can address it to Current Occupant , 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue . OK , guys , let 's go ! We should be NASA on every mission . It 's thinking like that that led to drug-resistant malaria . Let 's get this picnic basket . Ooh ! I like the bridge . - Wait , the best part is coming up . - Just listen . [ rock plays in headphones ] Wow , Tyler . It 's awesome ! The new solo you added is amazing . Tyler Ford , I 'm gonna have to ask you to co-produce my concept album . Oh , I 'm gonna have to say yes . Manservant Neville . Good morning , Miss Thornfield . Mr. Noser , and Tyler Ford . - Why haven 't you called me ? - A , I didn 't think you were serious . B , I didn 't think you were really Manservant Neville . And C , did you track me to the hallway of my girlfriend 's loft - and find out all of our names ? - When someone saves my life , someone who doesn 't know who I am , I pay attention . - I would have done the same for anyone . - But you didn 't . You did it for me . I believe fate has brought our paths together for a reason . I really appreciate the offer , but I 'm not exactly corporate material . No , you 're not , which is why I 've gone through such great pains to find you . They said no one would buy a solar-powered hand-held device made entirely out of recycled materials , and now one in 25 humans owns a uMaster . Intuition is why I am where I am . And I have intuition about you . You know Fatboy Tower downtown ? Tell the proctor I sent you . 10 : 00 . - I don 't think I can ... - Fate , Mr. Ford . Fate . That was crazy , right ? Because I 'm thinking crazy . Most crazy . But kind of cool . - Cool , really ? - Put this on . That 's the tie Wendy and I hang on the stairs when we 're ... Like I don 't know . Look , I don 't care what you say , you 're going to the interview , and I 'm driving you . Lacey , I 'm a musician . And this is like Bono offering you a job . Bono , Buddha , and the Wizard of Oz . Like the man said , it 's fate . Shouldn 't we be doing this in a lab or something ? Oh , did they teach you about labs in art school ? Yes . They also taught me about the ancient art of color matching . I do enjoy the banter , but let 's remember the project at hand . This box was designed to serve as a zygon-rated quarantine facility . - We 're perfectly safe . - What if something happens to the box ? Well , then I 'd say it 's been nice knowing ya , but it hasn 't . Would you like to do the honors , Wendy ? Your chance to handle a piece of history , albeit through triple-strength prophylactics . No . And please don 't call them that . All right . [ clears throat ] That is not your tax dollars at work . - Is that writing ? - Good eye . Hard to discern , but it looks like , - " Made in Clothar . " - Clothar ? The war-torn galaxy that sent us Varsity FanClub , five intergalactic dictators masquerading as a boy band , and threatened to destroy Earth and everyone on it ? You remember that ? I thought you were on the happy leaf that whole time . Is it just me , or is that Clotharian for ... ? - Three , two ... - [ both scream ] - [ beeps ] - [ explosion ] - [ alarm blaring ] - [ Ida ] Contamination alert . Contamination alert . Contamination alert . Are you telling me there 's an alien virus loose in here ? And we 're locked in , toots . - What 's going on ? - Don 't talk , Dubbie . It exposes the mucus membranes . Contamination alert . I hope your Code 47 's up to date . - Code 47 ? - Talking . Leave the watch . It goes through the showers with you . - Showers ? - Yeah . D-con protocol , honey . That 's what you get for being made of meat . Breathe deeply . Aerosolized antibiotics . Toke it , sweet pea . You know how to do that , right ? - Ida , a little privacy , please ? - Oh , fine . - Thank God . - [ sighs ] - What ? - You might find the next phase a bit awkward . To lower the risk of infection following exposure , there is a great deal of scrubbing involved . Normally , Interrodroid takes up the duty , but since 5000 has been destroyed , and the building is under quarantine ... We won 't get any replacements anytime soon . Great . I guess I can cross " give my boss a Silkwood shower " off the life list . Oh , good Lord ! There 's no such thing as modesty when life and death are at stake . Now , quit your grinning and drop your linen . - I am not grinning . - Here comes the steam . Look at all these people . It 's Gucci Gulch over here . Do you really need Armani for rolling calls and light filing ? It 's Manservant Neville . What do you expect ? Maybe you should apply for this job . Can 't . I 'm wanted in three states . We have been expecting you , Mr. Ford . - Does everyone around here know my name ? - Yes . You may wait to be called . Thank you . What am I doing here ? You 're going on an adventure , Tyler Ford . What 's the worst that could happen ? You turn down the world 's greatest multi-media mogul and you get a story to tell your friends for the rest of your life . It 's not exactly rock and roll . Yeah . But aren 't you dying to find out what it is ? [ man ] Mr. Tyler Ford . Good luck , Tyler . So , what kind of job is this ? The kind you 'll find out about if deemed worthy . You wouldn 't mind taking a few tests first , would you ? All rid of that not-so-fresh feeling ? Status , Ida ? Have you made any progress isolating the contaminant ? Cultures are cooking . You may have to sit in d-con for a few minutes . See if there 's any way to contact the Clotharians . If this is their mess , they might have the Goo Gone to get rid of it . They put a killer alien virus in our space probe . They 're just gonna give us the antidote ? - Not with that attitude . - I 'm on it . Dubbie , it 's time I told you about Code 47 . Yeah , what is that ? And how many codes do we have , anyway ? - At least 86 . - You don 't know ? In the event that a Middleman is called upon to make the ultimate sacrifice , a microwave burst from the Middlewatch delivers a pre-recorded message . Whoa , Scooter . We 're not gonna die from a face-full of some alien virus . I certainly hope not . But a Middleman should be prepared for any eventuality . I record a Code 47 for you during every mission . I 'm as serious as a German film festival . [ on watch ] Dubbie , if you 're seeing this , I have been assassinated by the Clan of the Pointed Stick . I trust you were more fortunate . Remember : [ speaks foreign language ] Dubbie , if you 're seeing this , I 've been turned into a fish zombie , and you had to shoot me in the head . Dubbie , if you 're seeing this , I have perished in the Underworld . Hopefully , we 've stopped thousand years of fire . If not , you might want to look into getting an asbestos umbrella . Or a really good insurance policy . Dubbie , if you 're seeing this , we were unable to stop Varsity FanClub , the Clotharian rebel fleet opened up a warp hole , and their armada has reduced the planet Earth to a smoking cinder . I 'm not sure how you managed to survive , but good for you . OK , that 's enough Last Thought Theater . - Code 47 is ... - Planning for failure . No , thank you . Wanting to say goodbye to friends and family is hardly planning for failure . If you knew you weren 't going to see Lacey again , wouldn 't you tell her what she means to you ? If she doesn 't already know , I 'm a pretty lousy friend . There 's nothing that you haven 't told her ? Or Mr. Noser ? - Or Tyler ? - Nope . Open book . That 's me . I hope you know you were a stellar Middleman in training , Dubbie . And I 'm sure your superb immune system will serve you well as you one day train a Middleboy or Middlegirl of your own . I am right here . You 're not dead . That doesn 't change what I would say to you if I were . How much longer do we have to stay in this bath-house ? Decontamination of the corridors should be done by now . Ida , are we cleared to exit isolation ? Ida ? It 's the Middleman . Do you read ? Ida ? It 's me , the toker . Hophead McStoney . Pick up ! [ Middleman ] She 's right there . Why isn 't she answering ? We 've been Jack Traven-ed . That 's not Ida . That 's a recording of Ida playing on a loop . - How could a virus do that ? - Maybe Ida 's been compromised . Perhaps this is all part of some elaborate Clotharian ruse . Whatever 's going on , we got to get to Ops . - And that can only mean one thing . - Really ? We 're going to have to activate one of our emergency incursion protocols . I thought we only had one emergency incursion protocol . Try over 300 . And in this case , - it 's going to have to be the Nakatomi Protocol . - Nakatomi ? Like the movie ? No . Like the real-life events that inspired the movie . " Come out to the coast , we 'll get together , have a few laughs . " No dawdling , Dubbie . Can I say something ? It 's what the Founding Fathers fought for . What 's up with the vents ? We 're coming from an isolation chamber inside a secret headquarters built by an organization so covert we don 't even know who they are . Yet we have vents large enough to crawl into , with accessible registers . Was this building designed by TV writers or what ? No , it wasn 't . See , most of the time , the Middle-vents are a series of tubes , each one no thicker than a capellini . But the Nakatomi Protocol enlarges the vent system to allow us to move about freely . Simultaneously , it confounds any hostiles by shutting down our internal surveillance , - allowing the hunted to become ... - The hunters . Cool . Hold the wire . This is dad-gum peculiar . [ Wendy ] I don 't get it . Interrodroid was destroyed . That was Interrodroid 5000 . This is obviously Interrodroid 6000 . How , " obviously " ? And how was a new Interrodroid delivered ? We were supposed to be in lockdown . Interrodroid 6000 is using HEYDAR to cause a cascade overload in all of Ida 's vital systems . He 's turning her into a walking detonator . Oh , come on , how many times are people gonna break into headquarters - and threaten to blow up the place ? - A , about three times a year . And B , a cascade overload will put all of our systems into a simultaneous detonation sequence and crater the entire city . We have about 60 minutes before our town becomes our cinder . Great . Hans Gruber-ed with our own robot . - Hey . Can she see us ? - Yes , I can . Kill them ! [ electronic squealing ] - Nice catch . - Next time , you be the bait . It would appear that Ida has been contaminated and turned against us . Great . It 's like Die Hard in a building . Which explains why we aren 't showing any symptoms . Whatever was in that capsule was meant for Ida , not us . She duped us into lockdown to get us out of the way . All that scrubbing , for nothing . At least we have one of our guns back . The other firearms are locked up tighter than Marie Antoinette 's corsets . - Nakatomi Protocol ? - Nakatomi Protocol . It 's an even split . Ida has my Middlegun and ... Now , I have a machine gun . Ho-ho-ho . Firepower isn 't going to win the day , Dubbie . But that severed head just might . Come on , we need to keep moving . - Mr. Ford . - Yes ... sir . - You want to work for Fatboy Industries . - I was approached , actually . You attended a small liberal arts college of no particular reputation or merit . McCrimmon College is considered an excellent ... And took five-and-a-half years to finish . I finished in three-and-a-half years , but I took two years off in the middle to backpack through Africa and South Asia . And that made you so worldly you haven 't been able to hold a job other than guitarist - for more than three months ? - Some of those jobs sure felt like they lasted more than that . [ Tyler laughs ] No ? As for your time as a guitarist , that was capped by your composition of the number one hit song , Dreams of Monica . A song you freely gave to your former band mates when you left the group - because you were dumped by the song 's namesake . - What 's that got to do with ... ? Is this the kind of decision-making we can expect when you 're representing our interests ? I gave up the song because music is a living thing . Dreams of Monica was written about that girl , for those people . I could have taken it and recorded it with another group , but it would have been as dead as a goldfish in a gerbil cage . It sure wouldn 't have been a hit . There was one place that song could live . And since I couldn 't live there , I let it go . Do you truly believe that your cavalier attitude toward intellectual property would serve this company or Manservant Neville 's ? - What did you just say ? - I said , " Do you truly believe that your cavalier attitude toward intellectual property would serve this company or Manservant Neville 's ? " Why can 't you pronounce your own boss 's name ? And why is your watch ticking so damn loud ? It 's a Cartier Pasha case , but the movement ticks like a cheap knockoff . Your suit is machine-sewn , not handmade , even though it 's cut in an ostentatious Italian style . Your toupee is far more obvious than a highly-paid corporate executive would allow himself to wear . Your cufflinks are plastic . Your tie is a clip-on . And your reading glasses don 't have magnification lenses in them . And you can 't pronounce Manservant Neville . Which means that this is either a very poorly run company , in which case I have no business working for you , or ... this is still a test , in which case you people are sick , demented ... geniuses . That will be all , Mr. Ford . It 's been too long . Ida 's gonna to figure out something happened with Interrodroid . We have ten levels to hide in , she won 't be expecting instant results . Is this even gonna work ? Supreme Commander of the Clotharian Rebel Fleet did contact us through the Interrodroid before . We should be able to use the technology to call him back . I know . But that was , like , two Interrodroids ago . Remember how when we got New Ida she had all of Old Ida 's memories ? - Yeah . - Same with Interrodroids . Dubbie , this really is a one-man job . Perhaps now would be a good time for you to reconsider your stance on Code 47 , in case the Clotharians aren 't willing to help . - Nope . - I have to say , I 'm a bit surprised by your reluctance . Considering the mysterious disappearance of your father , I 'd think you 'd want your mother ... Look , I 'm not gonna record the message , OK ? [ zapping ] How did you obtain this frequency ? - High Aldwin ... - I am not High Aldwin . You sound like Graham Chapman and dress like a vestal virgin . - If you 're not High Aldwin ... - Silence ! I have been promoted since we last spoke . I must now only be addressed as Maximum Aldwin . Oh ! Well , that 's just great . I know you . The hairless ape who read the scrolls of Xanthor . Maximum Aldwin , your people returned one of our probes . Within that probe was a capsule which contained a virus . [ clears throat ] In accordance with provisions of the Treaty of Periperpegilliam , you are required to inform us- - I told them that signing the treaty of Periperpegilliam was a mistake . Now everyone suddenly wants to know why you 're killing them and how they 're going to die . Wait a minute . We saved your ass from Varsity Fanclub , and this is how you say thanks ? - A killer virus ? - Three of your Earth weeks ago , Voyager 2 was sucked through a warp hole and promptly began taking pictures of a top-secret Clotharian military base . As if flooding the cosmos with your televised reality shows , sitcoms and competitive cooking programs wasn 't bad enough , you primates escalated to galactic voyeurism . And that will not stand . The capsule we sent back to you contained a payload of aerosolized nanobots . - Nano-whats ? - Nanobots . Microscopic machines , designed to infiltrate our technology and rip it apart from the inside out . And they 're what 's making Ida go boom all gone ? That 's dumb . Won 't the nanobutts be blown up with the rest of the city ? To the contrary . The nanobots will use the force of the explosion to spread into the atmosphere and from there , the world . Within a week , the height of human technology will be a few pointy rocks , which should teach you gibbons not to treat our galaxy like your own private peep show . And now , if I may invoke the text of one of your sacred documents , " Yippi-kay-yay , [ beeping ] " If we can push Ida 's reset button , Ida will shut down , which will stop the cascade , and reactivate her root anti-virus systems , - which will get rid of the nanobots . - Where 's the reset button ? - In her brain . - Her brain ? How are you gonna push that ? - You gonna get your Boston Strangler on again ? - Ida 's in livewire mode . Any attack that compromises her structural integrity will cause a premature detonation . What we need is the HEYDAR . You stay up nights coming up with these plans , don 't you ? We can use the HEYDAR 's on-board shrink ray to shrink me down to sub-atomic size . - HEYDAR has a shrink ray ? - Of course . We 'd employ its particle accelerator ... - HEYDAR has a particle accelerator ? - Of course . And we can use it to shoot me right into her . Then I 'll make my way to her brain via the cortex entry hatch and trigger the reset , which will engage her antivirus subroutine . - Like the space android Norton utilities ? - Exactly . After the nanobots have been destroyed , I 'll signal you with the Middlewatch . Then you can use HEYDAR to restore me to normal size . That 's a great plan , except Ida 's wired into HEYDAR , and she 's on a hair trigger . - Wait . What about ... - [ both ] Baby HEYDAR . About time . You took care of ' em ? I am so over being the bait . [ Middleman ] Sorry , but I 'm too tall to fit inside Interrodroid 's hollowed-out exoskeleton . Now I know what a TV dinner feels like . Commence the distraction , Dubbie . Watch it , you oaf ! What 's your damage ? You best unscrew yourself , or I am gonna reprogram you with a can opener . Don 't think I can 't do it ! [ both squealing ] Everybody , shut the heck up ! So , one of you is Interrodroid 7000 . That means the other one is the burnout in a suit . Now , you 're wondering , " How 's Ida gonna know which one 's the fake ? " You forgot one thing : I don 't care . - Get me out of here ! - Out the door ! Go ! - Say goodnight , peanut . - Sorry , Ida . I can 't let you do that . [ Middleman ] Dubbie . Dubbie , can you hear me ? Dubbie ? Dubbie , are you all right ? I think so . Where am I ? You 're inside Ida . OK . I 'm in the sinus passage , heading towards the brain . Also , checking " picking an android 's nose from the inside " off the life list . - Where are you ? - On the move . Ida was stunned by the particle transfer long enough for me to give her the slip . OK . Just keep that Baby HEYDAR safe . It 's my ticket out of here . Listen to me , Dubbie , and listen to me good . I never intended for you to be the one shrunken inside of Ida . Now , there 's something you need to know . Now there 's something I need to know ? After you 've hit the reset button in Ida 's brain and stopped her from blowing up the city , it is crucial , I repeat , crucial that you get out of her body through whatever orifice you can before you signal for me to bring you back to size . If Baby HEYDAR returns you to full size while surrounded by Ida 's titanium substructure ... - I 'll be shredded . - Like a White House phone log . This place is a mess . - [ tapping ] - Wait . I hear something . [ electronic whirring ] Oh , no . It 's the nanobots ! They 're taking apart Ida . It 's like Oompa-Loompas with power tools . Be careful . Not only are nanobots super-strong and nigh-indestructible , they act as a swarm . The last thing you want is to be at the bottom of that pileup . - They 'll take you apart , literally . - Avoid the nanobots . Got it . - I 'll call you when I reach the brain . - Good luck . Nice speech about the song . Very moving . So did I call it about your board ? We 've all been trying to find a way to tell Sullivan about his crap toupee , but we were afraid it would be ... awkward . Please . A bunch of stuffed shirts could never have made the uMaster . So I passed the test ? Have a good day , Manservant Neville . You 're not turning me down , are you ? Which part of " I 'm a musician " did you miss ? The part where people are lined up to hear you play . I 've done my homework , researched your life , listened to your music . Make no mistake : you are good . Really good . - But what if it 's not enough ? - I am good enough . But the world isn 't . It seldom recognizes genius , and when it does , it squashes it with the abject tedium of compromise . Dreams of Monica excepted , you write songs about changing the world . You want to be on a stage . I 'm offering you that stage . I don 't even know what this job is . I need a right hand man , and I don 't need another stooge from the Ivy League assembly line . I need someone who has music in their soul . It 's time for you to stop singing about changing the world , it 's time for you to start doing it . I 'm at the hatch to the brain , but the nanobots are standing guard . - Now way I can get around them . - How many ? Does it matter ? More than there are of me . - You have to find a way inside . - There 's only the one hatch , and these guys are about to survive the equivalent of a nuclear strike . - No way I can take them . - Then don 't . The nanobots are strong , but you 're smarter . It 's just like what Sensei Ping says about weasels . They can easily hide in a tube sock ? That their love of battle is surpassed by their love of shiny things . Ida . I know you 're in there somewhere . You can fight this . You can 't win . Hurt me , and I blow up now , take out the building and spread the nanobots across the city . Do nothing , I blow up later , take out the city and spread the nanobots across the world . Maybe . But remember , you can 't injure me , or , through inaction , allow me to come to harm . Kiss my Asimov ! Welcome to the party , Ida . Yoo-hoo ! Over here ! How do you like them weasels ? [ music plays ] - Tea ? - Uh , no . Thanks . So , shrunken to lepton size . White void . Little people with power tools . Better than Mary Jane , huh ? - You are Ida . - I 'm Ida 's brain . The nanobots have taken over her body . And if you don 't stop them in the next five minutes , humanity 's gonna be rubbing two sticks together to power their coconut phones . I know . I came to hit your reset button . Activate my anti-virus system , destroy the nanobots , save the world ? Oh , honey , that was a good plan . Thanks . Wait . " Was " a good plan ? The nanobots beat you to it . They trashed my reset button first thing . - What am I supposed to do ? - You want to stop the nanobot Apocalypse Now , you 've got to send me back to O2STK . They can fix me , destroy the nanobots . Or they 'll send you a new Ida . - All the same to me . - O2STK ? " Organization too secret to know ? " No one knows how to contact them . Even you said you didn 't know who we work for . Doesn 't mean I don 't know how to return a faulty piece of equipment . I may not know who runs the joint , but keeping the Middleman in weapons and gadgets and things is my primary function . How am I gonna send you back when Ops is in lockdown ? - Huh . - Wait . We must have some kind of channel to O2STK in the building . That 's where all the new Interrodroids come from . Keno . Just get the Middleman to subdue my body and take me back to Ops . I 'll show you how to send me back to my maker . Hey , boss , it 's Wendy . I got a new plan . Any chance you can subdue Ida and get her back to Ops ? - You sucker-punched me ! - Goes to show how well you know me . It doesn 't matter what you do . This cranky old broad goes kablooey in three minutes . Today , John Wayne doesn 't get to ride off into the sunset with Grace Kelly ! - That 's Gary Cooper , Ida . - [ muffled shouting ] Dubbie , I 've brought Ida to Ops . Now what ? Bankers lamps . Third lamp , top row : Turn off . And the second lamp on the bottom row : - Turn off , then on , then off again . - Got that ? Off . On . Off . Got it . [ rumbling ] Pipefitters local ! I 've never seen that before ! It 's a pneumatic tube . Goes all the way to O2STK . I always wondered how we got our weapons and gadgets and things . [ Ida ] No Middleman 's ever seen this far behind the curtain . But you two hoobanauts crapped the comforter so bad , I thought , " What the hey . " Uh , boss , Ida 's brain says anything put in the tube will go straight to O2STK . I 'm two steps ahead of you . [ grunts ] Dubbie , that explosion is gonna trigger in two-and-a-half minutes . You need to get out of there . - [ whirring , creaking ] - [ Wendy ] The nanobots . - They 're coming in . - Is there another way out ? - No . - Can I just go back with you to O2STK ? Not if you want to come back . You need to get out of there now ! I can 't . Dubbie , if you can 't get out of there , I 'm not sending Ida to O2STK . You have to . You know you do . This is save the world time . You taught me that . - No , Dubbie . - Hey , boss ? If you 're hearing this , the nanobots are outside the hatch , and I didn 't have enough time to get out of Ida before the cascade overload spreads technology-eating robots from space all over the world . I just want you to know , I 'm kind of OK . You taught me that there are things in life worth dying for . And I am so glad I got attacked by that tentacled ass-monster back at the lab and that you framed me so I 'd have to be your sidekick . Because ... I am so proud to be a Middleman . I 'm proud to know you . And I want you to know that since my dad disappeared , you 're the closest thing I 've had to a father . I 'm honored , Dubbie . I hope I taught you one more thing . What ? Never give up . I don 't envy you explaining this one to my mom . " I 'm sorry for your loss , Mrs. Watson , but your daughter was shrunk to the size of a dust mite and trapped inside an android 's brain by a bunch of indestructible little robots . " Indestructible . That 's it . Open the hatch . Let the nanobots in . What are you doing ? When I give the signal , unshrink me . - You 'll be overrun . - Bring it on . In five , four . three , two ... - Dubbie ? - [ static ] Dubbie ! [ moaning ] [ PA ] Structural integrity compromised . - Flood the tubes ! - Detonation in five seconds . Four , three , two ... Contamination neutralized . Now ending lockdown . Nanobots as body armor . Nice work . What are we gonna do with them ? I guess we 'll have to build them a really big circuit to take apart . - A nanobot habitat ? - I think they 'll be happy enough . Aren 't they just gonna try and dismantle our technology and send us back to the Stone Age ? They 're programmed to destroy technology from the inside out , not the outside in . - So , they can try , but ... - Plus , they 're fun to watch . Like an ant farm . You know all those things I said before when I thought I was going to die ? Well , I meant every word of it . OK , Tyler . I am making my final approach to the hotdog stand . Arriving in T-minus five , four , three , two ... - Whoa . - What 's the matter , Dubster ? Never had someone buy you a hotdog before ? You must have had an exciting day . You know . Same old , same old . You ? Just another boring day at the office . The good news is I now have an office to go to . You 're looking at the official attaché , assistant , and aide de camp to Manservant Neville . Maybe a few other things , too , we only got to the A 's . - Wow ! - Good wow , or bad wow ? - Are you happy ? - I kinda think I am . If you 're happy , I 'm great . You know I think you 're awesome , right ? Like , amazingly awesome . I don 't know . How awesome is amazingly awesome ? If you were a magazine , they would call you Tyler Beat . Really ? That amazingly awesome ? Really . Off , then on , then off again . [ rumbling ] - [ Ida ] Nice try . - Ida ! Hundreds of years with the same old Ida . Think you can wait until the warranty runs out this time ? You feeling better ? Not ... homicidal ? Don 't push me . - Good night , Ida . - Hmm .
