 You texted , I came . Do you love it ? The Batter of the Bulge Pancake House ? Well , in the pantheon of places I 'd like to be taken by a gentleman caller ... You don 't find the promise of Luftwaffles and Panzer cakes irresistible ? While I do admire the culinary genius who thought to forge the human drama of the Allied struggle against Nazi Germany with the goodness of all day breakfast ... - I didn 't bring you here for the pancakes , Dubs . - You didn 't ? I may be a starving musician , but give me a little more credit . Well , thank God , because , technically , this is our third date , and while things have been known to happen on third dates , the Batter of the Bulge Pancake House isn 't exactly a deal maker . Though the thought of " things happening " has occasionally occurred to me since we met , it 's not why I brought you to this bunker of maple syrup and mortar fire . Hold these , if you please . - Why am I standing up ? - Step this way , please . But I was just about to order a cruller named after the Invasion of Crete ! Just a couple more steps , Porsche Dubster . What 's with the quarters ? All your questions will be answered right now . Sweet Mother of Nolan Bushnell . - It 's Gut Wrencher 1 . - It 's Gut Wrencher 1 ! The goriest side-scroller in history , banned in 17 countries , the only arcade game ever to be denounced by both Tipper Gore and the Dalai Lama . They only made 150 of these before it all went set-top . But only the coin-op edition has the additional four levels of sheer carnage that the home edition did not have . This is my favorite . How did you know ? Because you 're made of awesome . Oh , my God , Tyler , I ... Don 't get all mushy on me , princess . I came to play . [ screaming on game ] Come on , shoot him ! He 's at 60 percent ! - Keep him off me , I gotta get the Scud missile . - Come on ! - He just chopped off my leg ! - I 'm going as fast as I can . Oh , he took my other leg ! That 's it , Tyler Ford shall smite you ! All right , I got this one , Fordo . [ video game explosions ] Wow . We just destroyed the 86th level Bloodlust Catamite . Yeah , with a Scud missile . And it only took 18 dollars in quarters to finish the game . - Ida , what the ... ? - Quite the minx , isn 't she ? - Story of O ! Turn it off ! - Full surveillance , standard operating procedure whenever a Middleman starts a meaningful personal relationship . Wendy 's like a little sister to me . Sorry , it 's in the manual , I gotta do this . - This is horrifying ! - No choice , pal . Part of the job . We do not abuse our surveillance privilege like that . [ turns off monitor ] - [ turns on monitor ] - Wimp . * Middleman * * [ Tyler ] Absolutely not , I totally delivered the killing blow . If I hadn 't shot that Scud into its catamite behind , you 'd still be at the controls and legless . I totally warmed him up for you . - Gut Wrencher 2 on the emulator tonight ? - Like you have to ask . Bye . So things went well at the pancake house ? They had a coin-op Gut Wrencher 1 . Say no more . I just wish I wasn 't having such a difficult time of this . - Sex , waffles and videogames ? What am I missing ? - Can you keep a secret ? Have I told anyone about that thing with the blueberry pudding pops and the elliptical machine ? It 's my mutant power . Can you make fire with your mind ? - ' Cause that would explain some things . - No . Every time I 'm in a relationship with someone , I can always see how it 's gonna end . Oh , come on . That 's Japanese game show crazy . - It 's true . - We 've roomed and now you tell me about your mutant ability ? With great power comes great responsibility . What about Ben ? If you 'd known that he would videotape your breakup - and put it on the Internet ... - I knew it would involve film . What about Tyler ? How 's that gonna end ? That 's the problem . I don 't know . Not only do you have a mutant ability , you have a mutant ability that isn 't even working . And it 's freaking me out . Over the years I 've gotten used to knowing that my relationships were doomed and why - and it 's weirdly comforting . - That makes no sense . But after three dates and a videogame carnage-inspired hookup , I still have no idea about Tyler . I just don 't know what to do . Proceed , you dolt . - I knew you wouldn 't understand . - Oh , I understand that you 're groping for an emotional escape hatch because of what happened with Ben and Steve and Rodney and Tommy Tam . Just keep this to yourself , OK ? Hello , ladies . I need some caffeine action post-haste . - Anvil drank all my coffee again . - Hey , Noser . Wendy thinks she has this ability that tells her - when and how all her relationships are going to end . - Lacey ! That just sounds to me like a coping mechanism to avoid intimacy . All right , that 's enough . You 've got to stop looking for the emotional rip-cord , Dub-Dub , or you 're gonna find out that your parachute 's really a backpack . What 's that even mean ? - Uh , Dubbie ... hey . - " Hey ? " Yes , hey . Uh , there 's something you and I need to discuss . It involves your Middlewatch and the real time situation recording archive . Oh , that thing in my watch that records everything I ... Oh , my God . You saw me and Tyler ! Dubbie , there is watching and there is seeing . And I did not watch , but I did see . It was a split second , really . Of course , part of the training means I can memorize a crime scene - with nothing more than a glance . - Aw ! Gross ! There 's something called Code 86 . It 's a protocol we have in place to shut down the recording archive should a member of the organization require privacy of a personal nature . Why didn 't you tell me before ? I didn 't think you 'd need it this soon . Can we just talk about something else or solve a crime or something ? You 're in luck . Someone just melted a jewelry store downtown . - Melted ? - Like butter . Let 's go . I 'm Dr. Alexander Scott . This is my associate , Kelly Robinson . - We 're with the Pentagon . - When will you have a name ? - I 'm sorry , ma 'am , a name ? - Of the man who came to my jewelry store , melted the back wall and stole seven figures in precious necklaces . All I need is a name . Are you former KGB , by any chance ? - No . - Can you describe the perpetrator ? Looked like Andy Warhol . Long black overcoat , Wayfarer sunglasses , thick red scarf and store-melting ray gun . You give us a name , we pay you handsomely . Are you sure you aren 't former KGB ? Positive . What kind of wing-nut are we talking about ? The kind who could kill millions , take down cities , countries and even puppy dogs and playgrounds and one whose MO seems strangely , uncannily familiar to me . Strangely , uncannily familiar ? Dubbie , this calls for swift and decisive action . It 's a good thing we 're taking swift and decisive action . No really , this is a level of ass-kickery I 've never experienced before . In the immortal words of Bertolt Brecht , " Hungry man , reach for a book . It is a weapon ! " Brecht was a communist . Dubbie , you are looking at The Middlelore . Every foe The Middlemen have faced over the centuries is recorded and stored here . Ah ! Here 's an oldie but a goody : The Domino . - You had a Cuban supervillain ? - Lithuanian . Tried to create a domino effect to knock down all the buildings in the city . Check this guy out . The Fabulous Face . He tried to replace everyone in the White House with evil doubles . And he succeeded , though no one seemed to notice at the time . And here 's Dr. Solaris , who tried to taint the water supply with a boredom toxin . Which someone seems to have used on you . Can I run something personal by you ? Of course , Dubbie . You know Tyler . The guy you and Ida ... The one you were supposed to be keeping an eye on but instead wound up having a Code 86 with ? Yes . He 's so perfect in so many ways . - And everything 's going so great ... - Ah , limerence . That 's a funky name for a villain . That 's the scientific term for romantic love . If you 're in it , you 'd better enjoy every bit of it because it doesn 't last . I would be enjoying it , if it wasn 't for my mutant ability . Your psychological tests would have shown us any extra-human ... I don 't mean anything like that . I guess what I mean is , uh , intuition . Every time I get into a relationship , I can always visualize how it 's going to end . But with Tyler , I can 't . It 's totally killing me . You have any idea what that 's like ? No . It sounds like something out of one of those hateful independent films . This is exactly why I stick to westerns . Why did I think you were gonna be any help ? Dubbie , love is simple . You have it or you don 't . Everything else is either delusion or self-sabotage . Fragments of moon rock ! - The Candle . - I knew the MO rang a bell . It has to be he . The Candle , formerly Professor Lloyd Cramden , PhD , until he was driven mad by the death of his family in a freak ice rink meltdown and vowed to design a weapon that would subject the entire world to his private pain . Ida , I need you on the HEYDAR . - We think The Candle has returned . - The Candle ? Formerly Professor Lloyd Cramden ? Too late , toaster . We know the back story . - We haven 't seen hide nor hair from him since 1969 . - [ electronic beeping ] We have reason to believe he 's returned . I need a cross-referenced list of news and information on data platforms relating to any developments that might pertain to the name , - technologies or known associates of The Candle . - [ jazz music ] What 's with the space age bachelor pad music ? Ida , did you just disobey a direct order ? - [ music continues ] - [ Middleman ] Ida ! What 's happening ? [ machine whirring ] I guess this is as good a time as any to ask . Where 's that door lead to ? Among other things , the Middleman 's Cryogenics vault . Cryogenics ? He ordered me to do this . He told me to unfreeze him if The Candle ever reared his ugly head again . Who ? Wendy Watson , boss , allow me to present , all the way from 1969 ... You can call me the Middleman . Someone has exactly five seconds to tell me what 's going on before I call the sexual harassment hotline . - How long have I been under ? - Forty years . This is amazing . I always knew 02STK had the technology to cryogenically freeze Middlemen ... - O2STK ? - Organization Too Secret to Know . It 's our little joke . Like you and I had . [ both ] WTHWWF . Whoever the Heck We Work For ? Whatever they 're called , they can make us into Middlesicles when they feel like it ? I did this to myself , Sticks . With the order that Ida thawed me whenever my arch-nemesis , The Candle , emerged from hiding . - Wow . This is an honor . - You must be the new model . - Take that , would you ? - Boss ? [ both ] Yes ? Sorry . Old habit . Perhaps we should call our new friend by the year he was frozen . Sixty-nine . I have your uniform freshly pressed ... - ... and waiting for you . - You 're an angel , Ida . Well , like the man said , lead , follow , or get out of the way . I knew The Candle faked his death . It was the only way he could shake my tail . Sheer elegance in its simplicity ? - Bad guys still saying that ? - Like a broken record . If The Candle has come back , you can bet he 's shopping around for a supply of Balthorium-G , but he isn 't counting on me , his original adversary . Still young and burning for the fight . What 's Balthorium-G ? Balthorium-G is the fuel he uses to power his melting ray . - Aw , phooey . - Phooey ? What is that ? - It 's a polite way of saying [ bleep ] . - Oh . Since when are we polite ? Ah . My old uniform . I 've always said the clothes make the man . Or woman . - He 's looking at me all pervy , isn 't he ? - Of course not . - I can feel it . - Actually , I am . I bet you 've got spectacular stems . I 'm wondering why you don 't show them off . - We should discuss strategy . - Three steps ahead . We 'll take out an ad in the Thrifty Nickel under the name " Harry Lime . " When The Candle reads that I 've got Balthorium-G for sale , he 'll have no choice but to answer . You think an elite super-villain reads the Thrifty Nickel ? The supermarket classified newsletter ? You fear men won 't take you seriously , that 's why you hide that shapely body under that muumuu . I hide my ass-kicking , Sensei Ping trained body because this is the required uniform . Is that what you told her ? What kind of Nancy boy makes a hot , spicy Spanish girl hide her stuff in a sack ? - I can pick my own uniform ? - You bet your sweet Brioni . It 's too early to rule out a copycat . This might not be The Candle . I 'll have Ida run a scan for the Balthorium-G . The Candle always talked to his fences in code through the Thrifty Nickel . A lot of things are different now . Please . I 'm not some comical throwback to the Summer of Love . I know my way around . All sorts of new technologies that you may not be ... Like what , the HEYDAR ? I had one . - Well , the Internet , e-mail ... - Had it ! Cell phones ? Had to retire them . Brain cancer thing . Trust me , Nellie , old cats never change their stripes . It 's gonna be the Thrifty Nickel . I don 't have to wear this coat ? You can wear whatever you like , schatzi ... - Fresh . - Thank you . Ida , how is it that I 've been frozen for 40 years , but you haven 't aged a day ? Oh , stop , ya old flirt . - Ida , get on The HEYDAR . - Ida , get on the horn to ... Sorry . He was my boss first . So , what 's it gonna be , hot stuff ? The Thrifty Nickel . Oh , and I 'm gonna need a bottle of Hai Karate , as well . Now I understand the first rule : there can be only one Middleman . You may want to make yourself scarce . The lions have some pride business to work out among themselves . I can pick my own uniform ? - Tyler ? - Hey . Lacey let me in . But don 't worry . I only spent the first ten minutes rifling through your underwear drawer . - And now I 'm testing your oven . - We have an oven ? It 's the metal box where you store the extra paint . I thought you 'd appreciate coming home to an anchovy pizza with a side of ranch . That 's my favorite . You mentioned it during the story about your botched quinceañera . Of course , I didn 't expect you home so soon . Am I the only one getting the awkward vibe ? No , there 's an awkward vibe . Hey , look , sex is one thing , but cooking ... ? If it 's too soon , I get it . No , that 's not what I mean . - I just ... - Oh , no . You know about me . You read it on the Web or heard it at one of the clubs . Just come out and say it , Dreams of Monica . Dreams of Monica ? The neo-hippy jam band hit ? The number one song ? That 's not what this is about ? I assumed you Googled me . No , I didn 't . But I 'm totally gonna . Oh , brother . Uh ... [ chuckles ] I was the lead guitarist in Casanova Charlie . Awesome . Wait . Shouldn 't you be richer ? And less groomed . And on Valtrex . Should I ? I should be lots of things . But I left the band after Monica , my monogamous and herpie-free girlfriend and I broke up . " I only have dreams of Monica She 's the night I long for She 's the light I see I 'm working on a second verse . It goes something like : Monica left me for that d-bag bass player And I walked away from the band before they hit it big - It 's catchy . - Yeah . Whoever I go out with , they eventually find out and I just become Tyler the not-a-rock-star , and when the novelty wears off , I 'm just Tyler , the-martyr who-gave-it-all-up - to-take-the-moral-high-road . You know what ? The more I get to know you , the less I want to know how it ends . What does that mean ? I don 't see anything in The Middlelore that explains how The Candle went about acquiring his Balthorium-G . - Jaguar . - Like the feral cat ? The Brazilian fashion model I was " entertaining " instead of updating The Middlelore . The Candle will come to us . Relax . I got your Hai Karate and a fifth of Fleming 's Commander Jamaica rum . Ida , please run the search I 've been requesting for the past two hours . Right after you mix me up a Cuba Libre . Fine . I 'll do it myself . If only to prove no evil was ever thwarted by lounging on a pelt and sipping moonshine . [ ringing ] Talk to me . Why , yes , this is Harry Lime , and I am looking to unload some Balthorium-G . Don 't be stingy on the sauce , Ida . You don 't really think The Candle 's gonna fall for this lame sting , do you ? A stakeout can be a valuable bonding exercise and this is an excellent opportunity to ... Fire and brimstone ! We do not smoke in The Middlemobile . Why not ? Is there something combustible in here ? Only my temper when I see a man willingly invite cancer into his body . Cancer ? Everyone knows the Surgeon General is a Red dupe . I bet Wendy would enjoy a cigarette . She 's a girl who knows how to get crazy . Oh , did you have another Code 86 ? It ain 't a Code 86 if you don 't activate the protocol . This was more like a hot night at the Boom-Boom Burlesque . - Oh , lord ! - Don 't be square , baby . Studies show women have a boost in intelligence after the physical act of love . What this group needs are stakeout treats . Pick me up some jelly babies while you 're out there , Hazel . So , who is the lucky stallion ? The only guy I 'm thinking about is The Candle . - He 's not here yet . - You don 't know that . Oh , yes I do . I can sense him . An arch-nemesis isn 't just an adversary . He 's the ying to your yang . Yes , that 's Buddhism , sweet pea . And I 've learned to anticipate his every ying . I can tell your boss isn 't really the type to have these sorts of chats with you , but I 'm just gonna lay it down straight . Have all the fun you want with your guy but cast him aside before you fall in love . - You don 't believe in love ? - Of course I believe in love . That 's what we fight for . So the world can love . Unfortunately , we 're not the world . I 've seen it before . Everyone starts this job the same way . Wide-eyed idealists thinking they can have it all . Save the day and get the girl . - But it always ends the same way . - How does it always end ? With the love of your life eviscerated by some super-genius in a cape and a body sock . That happened to you ? That 's how it ended with my first wife . And the third and fourth . - What about the second ? - She left me for a super-villain . - That sucks . - Yeah . You sweat the satin , share some laughs , then she gets her face melted off by some ray gun wielding beatnik . [ both ] The Candle ! I 'm gonna ask you one question . You have three chances to answer . Where is The Candle ? I told you . The Candle 's dead . That 's one . Here 's your second shot . Where is The Candle ? There 's , like , a hundred people who can verify it . His funeral was packed with friends and family . His granddaughter read a poem she wrote . Ask her . Or his priest . A super-villain with a priest ? To me he was just kindly Mr. McCandle , the cardigan-wearing old guy from the neighborhood . My dad died when I was little . - The Candle killed him ? - No . Cancer . He was a smoker . Mom needed help around the house , and he was really handy . Sometimes while he was fixing the garbage disposal or whatever he 'd tell me stories about how he was a super-villain before he found Jesus . I thought he was kidding . But this weird thing happened . - He melted your house ? - He gave me a letter . He told me not to read it until he was dead . After the funeral , I read it , and he told me how I could find his melting ray , and how to use the Thrifty Nickel to find Balthorium-G . He wanted you to continue his work ? Wanted me to donate it to science , see if they could find out how to use it for good . Come on , a guy leaves you a melting ray , you 're not gonna steal some things ? - The whole thing is just ... - Sheer elegance in its simplicity . Listen up , you damned , dirty hippie . This is your last chance . - [ Middleman ] Put him down ! - I 'll put him down , all right ! - What the hell is that ? - The thing that 's gonna bash in your commie flower-child head if you don 't tell me where The Candle is ! - Like I said , he 's dead . - Liar ! - Enough . - No . He sings or he picks up his own teeth with broken fingers . We need to speak outside . Don 't you know how to conduct an interrogation ? - Who you save the world from ? Kittens ? - It 's over . He 's lying but you 're too much of a little girl to see it ! You served this organization with pride and honor . And I thank you for your service . - What is that ? - The chance to retire with dignity . - Step aside . - You 're out of line . Middleman only uses violence ... When the fate of the world is at stake . Yeah ! You got the first one for free . Sorry , sugar buns . There can only be one Middleman , and he 's it . " ... let this Middleman , this sword of the people , rest in the fond sheath of retirement ... sharp as the justice he did once and will forever champion . * Pugnantes malos ne hos pugnetis * And now , a passage from my poem , The Unbroken Chain . - Why don 't we just skip it ? - Very well . We 'll proceed with the watch presentation . Interrodroid ? Take it in , honey . This too can someday be all yours . Our issues aside , a Middleman who makes it to retirement is breathing rarefied air . I admire you . You entered a Middleman , you leave a civilian . For the record , please state your name . My name is Guy Goddard . Choke on it . [ knocking ] Hello , Lacey . Hi ... strange but alluring man with broad shoulders who inexplicably knows my name . Can I help you ? Why , yes . You can help by offering the name of the scent gracing that milky white skin of yours . Turpentine , papier mâché , fake blood , and hot glue . I 'll just call it heaven . Guy Goddard . My friends call me " God . " Lacey Thornfield . But , yet , you already inexplicably know that . Not so inexplicable . I work with your roommate . Guy ? What are you doing here ? At present , I 'm looking for some hooch . - Hey ! - You stay away from my roommate . - I meant a drink . - Oh . Fatboy 's Farm Apple Wine . Swanky . To snuffing out The Candle . Guy . You gotta give it up . Really ? Because after that sham ceremony , I hit the whisper stream hard . I got results , and I got a plan . Does your plan involve realizing that The Candle 's dead ? Think I 'm gonna spend the rest of my days like an unfrozen caveman , marveling at your brave new world of drive-through coffee and online porn ? This situation stinks , dollface . A million dollars in jewels were taken and that kid can 't account for them . He said he gave them to a fence . Sure he did , but pour this into your jigger . There 's a huge amount of money floating out there . Now add a splash of this . Lord Jeremiah Purcell , the Eurotrash arms merchant , just brought 4,000 angstroms of Balthorium-G into the country . Finally , add this pickled onion . It takes one angstrom to wipe out an entire city . The perfect gimlet of melt-ageddon . Not if we sneak into Lord Jeremiah Purcell 's vault and place a tracker in the vessel holding the Balthorium-G . If I 'm right , we catch The Candle red-handed . I 'm wrong , and The Candle is dead , no one will be the wiser . Maybe you are right , but I can 't just go behind The Middleman 's back . Your boss thinks I 'm a loose cannon . He won 't believe a word I have to say . And while he dithers , 4,000 city-melting angstroms of Balthorium-G are going to be out there in the open . Wendy , being a Middleman in training is about more than just replacing us should we die . It 's keeping us honest , making us see the other angle . How do we sneak in ? Tonight , Lord Jeremiah Purcell is hosting a nefarious bunch of scoundrels and ne 'er-do-wells for a game of cards . Cards ? Great . I 'm in . Not so fast . Have you ever played Shibumi ? It 's a wicked , soulless game . Each player is dealt a full deck of cards . Every card has its own name . There 's 589 unique physical and verbal challenges to every hand and if anyone shows the slightest ignorance of the game 's Byzantine rules , they are decapitated by Lord Jeremiah Purcell 's manservant , the speechless , thoughtless brute , Govinda . I killed an 86th level Bloodlust Catamite on Gut Wrencher 1 . - I think I can handle your little card game . - Deal . Now , you 're gonna have to learn two things in the next 15 minutes , how to play Shibumi and how to dress like a real woman . This is how a real woman dresses ? - I don 't make the rules , Twiggy , I 'm just ... - The Middleman . Ladies and gentlemen , welcome to our game . I 'd like to introduce our newest player , the American gambler Harry Rule and his dissolute lover , the Contessa Caroline Di Contini . Our players : Anatol Gogol , also known as The Monocle , Count Manzeppi , The Scot , and , of course , the icy Vilma Schnipp . I , Lord Jeremiah Purcell , will call the game , and as always my manservant , the speechless , thoughtless brute Govinda will keep the players honest . Mr. Rule , every player has brought a rare and priceless artifact as their stake . What have you brought to our table ? The missing 18 and a half minutes . Weren 't you a Popsicle in ' 72 ? Time travel . I spent five days in the 70 's back in ' 66 . Dealers ! The cards ! Your play , Mr. Rule . No pressure . All that 's at stake : the official schematics for the lunar landing soundstage . Read ' em and weep . Fifty-two of a kind ! If you 'll excuse me , I 'll run off to the little boys ' room and the lady will take over my hand . Welcome to the game , Countess . Tuts beat Slims , Cats beat Tuts . Double rainbow . - Brava . - [ applause ] Two mannequins . Three mannequins . Four mannequins ? No mannequins . No way , no how . She 's called your bluff , Miss Schnipp , and that means a siege ! [ electronic beeping ] [ blowing ] Anatol Gogol takes the siege . A glue stick ? A cheat among us ! Govinda ! Now ! - No one dies on my watch . - Seize her ! Dubbie , duck ! [ screaming ] [ thumping ] - [ Dubbie ] Thanks . - Don 't mention it . - How did you know ... - Been watching out for you all along . I 'd be a cruddy Middleman if I didn 't assume Guy would come at you with some proposal . Guys like Guy , they never quit . Now , where is he ? Ripley 's Believe it or Not ! Guy ! He melted my hand . The Candle ? He really is alive ? - And the Balthorium-G ? - Oh , he took it all . Four thousand angstroms before I could put the tracer in . Yeah , he , uh , said he was gonna melt the moon . [ both ] Oh , phooey . Yeah . Phooey . [ Ida ] Hold still , my little woobie . Pan down the puppy dog eyes , Ida . This isn 't the hand that rocks the cradle , if you know what I mean . Don 't get fresh with me , pony boy , I might actually have to take you up on something . Guy . I owe you an apology . I take back what I said . I wish I could take back what happened . We 're soldiers . We knew the risks . I should have known that being a Middleman isn 't something you turn off . Don 't let 's start lip-locking just yet . People , me losing a meat hook 'cause I couldn 't stop scratching the itch is a drag , so let 's talk about something more interesting . The Candle is out there , and I know exactly where he 's taking that Balthorium-G . - Snake Island . - What is that , near Dead Man 's Bluff ? Right below The Devil 's Throat . I 'm glad to see you 've done your homework . I was just being snarky . October of ' 69 , right before The Candle vanished , rumor had it he was building the world 's largest melting ray . I 'm betting aardvarks-to-asses that he 's loading up that moon-melting weapon with the 4,000 angstroms of Balthorium-G from Lord Jeremiah Purcell 's nefarious mansion . [ Middleman ] Not if we destroy that melting ray . Ida ? Use the HEYDAR to scan the Pacific Ocean and look for Snake Island , alleged home of The Candle . Roger that . Guys , I hate to rain on anyone 's parade , but The Middlejet only has room for one , - so am I on secret Island lair strafing duty or what ? - [ men laugh ] Chickie baby 's never been to a supervillain island lair has she ? Sweetie , when a bad man builds a home for his world-destroying ray , the first things he buys ... - Automated missile defense package . - Barrier mines . Android guards to protect the island after the supervillain has died . And a lot of Scandinavian furniture . How do we get to The Candle 's lair ? Maybe Scotty can beam us down . It 's an obscure reference to a canceled television show . I 'm sure you 've never heard of it . Actually , I do have a plan . The DSV-4600 Middlesub . The 4600 . We haven 't really used that in quite a while . Better take it out of mothballs . Only its asbestos will deflect the island 's defense system . - Right . - Then it 's settled . - We 're off to Snake Island . - In the cancer sub ? [ phone ringing ] - Hey . - Hey , Tyler . I 'm about to knock on your door . [ knocking ] Can you hear that ? Oh , man , now I feel even worse than before . - You 're not home , are you ? - I 'm so sorry . And the tone of your " I 'm sorry " leads me to believe you 're not gonna be here any time soon . Noser has a key . You could let yourself in and cook me another meal and leave it in the fridge . Don 't tempt me . My gazpacho refrigerates like a snow-nado . - A tornado made of snow ? - You know it . Why are you being so cool ? Because I love that you have a job you love and are good at . You do what you have to do and when you get back , I 'll still be around . - Really ? - Wendy . Maybe tomorrow you 'll leave me for some d-bag bass player or maybe we 'll wake up 70 years from now on the front porch of some Florida old folks community rubbing Vicks on each other . - Tempting ! - What I 'm saying is , I 'm in this , and I 'd be a pretty cruddy guy if all it took to get me out of it was a late night at work . - I 'll talk to you soon . - Later . Don 't worry , I 'll get you back home in one piece . Must be difficult for you , having Original Recipe around , taking control . He 's hardly original anything . He 's one in a long line . As am I. Doing our job . Our job means he 's wearing a hook the rest of his life . Why does he do it ? Why do you ? Seriously . You can 't retire happily , you can 't love ... Can 't love ? Halls of Montezuma , Dubbie ! Who told you that ? - He did . - And you took his word for it ? He said it was impossible . Love isn 't an impossibility for us . It 's an impossibility for him . Then why aren 't you with anyone ? My choices are my own . And make no mistake . I 've loved and been loved . If true love shows up at your doorstep , and you drive it away , that 's on you , not the job or anything else . This place looks deserted . Don 't be fooled . The Candle 's melting ray could be anywhere and ready to fire at any minute . I have a question . Why are you guys in wetsuits and I 'm in this Honey Ryder Thunderball nightmare ? Honey Ryder 's from Doctor No . Ah , you make me sick . [ both ] Scandinavian furniture . There are three exits out of this chamber . We 'd better split up . [ rumbling ] Earthquake ? I believe that 's a third stage Balthorium-G electromechanical turbine going though its initiation sequence . We better hurry . You take that corridor . I 'll take this one . That one 's yours , sweet thing . I 'll call when I find the Ray Gun . [ machine whirring ] Shores of Tripoli ! - The melting ray , that 's the sound of ... - I know . - But it 's too late . We have to go back . - Too late for what ? I 'm sorry . Your Middleman , he 's dead . This was a trap . The Candle melted your boss . Now he 's melting the island . We go back . - He can 't be . - But he is . We can 't just leave him here . The Candle melted him ! I 'm going down there . I have to see for myself . Sorry , toots . But the only thing more dangerous than an attractive woman is an intelligent woman . - You killed him . - No . It wasn 't me . The Candle 's weapon , that 's what did him in . The Candle ? There 's no guards here . There 's no henchmen . You couldn 't stand being put out to pasture so you lured us here , figured you could use your old arch-enemy 's weapon to make it look like an ambush . There is no Candle . This is your plan . I did what I had to do . You stole the 4,000 angstroms of Balthorium-G . - You melted your own hand . - There can only be one Middleman . You thought you could replace him as a hero and have me as your sidekick ? - My plan is ... - [ both ] Sheer elegance in its simplicity . That 's right , Guy , the bad guys are still saying that . No . I 'm not the bad guy . We can 't both do the job . This is the only way . Why don 't you finish what you started and shoot me ? You 'll never be the man he was . You 're not The Middleman . You 're just The Candle , a coward who kills people with his melting ray . My God . What have I done ? Don 't make a move . There 's still a chance to save him , I swear . Wendy ! You have to shut off the melting ray ! - You can 't . - Why not ? I defeated The Candle so many times by shutting down his melting ray in the last minute that he built this model without an off switch . Once you turn it on , there 's no going back ! What are you doing ? [ Sixty-nine ] Don 't worry . My plan is sheer elegance in its simplicity . [ Sixty-nine screaming ] There 's something I need to do very badly . What 's that , Dubbie ? Snake island will always be remembered as the field where The Candle and The Middleman had their ultimate confrontation . I can 't think of a more fitting memorial . Is that gonna be the official story ? I think so . I thought Middlemen told the truth and nothing but the truth . I am telling the truth . It 's only the facts I 'm changing . I know I 'll never be as much fun as he was , Ida . Yeah . He was snappy dresser , too . He did know how to dress well . Unlike , say , uh ... Crack wise all you want about my Eisenhower jacket , Dubbie , but it 's named after a man who led soldiers through harsh times against the darkest of evils . This jacket says something about ... about me , the man I choose to be . So what does this uniform say about me , other than you 're my boss ? If you feel you need to make a change , then make a change . - But make it count . - Really ? I think you 've earned it . This gazpacho is amazing . Well , you know , making great soup is like my mutant power . That 's your mutant power ? Mm-hmm . That , and I can set fires with my mind . Why ? What 's your mutant power ? You know what , Tyler Ford ? I don 't think I have one . Is everything ... ? Yeah , but can you just hold on for one ... OK , where were we ? Like the watch is the only surveillance we have . Really , Ida .
