 Veridian Dynamics . We 're the future of food . Developing the next generation of food and food-like products . Tomatoes , the size of this baby . Lemon-flavored fish , chicken that lay 16 eggs a day , which is a lot for a chicken . Organic vegetables , chock full of antidepressants . At Veridian Dynamics , we can even make radishes so spicy that people can 't eat them , but we 're not , because people can 't eat them . Veridian Dynamics . Veridian Dynamics . Food . Veridian Dynamics . Food . Yum . : Sub : exizor fatbrat : : for TV4User.de : When you run a research and development department for one of the largest companies in America , every day brings exciting new problems waiting to be solved . - Ted . - Veronica . - How are you ? - I 'm fine . Why ? I was just seeing what small talk might look like . Oh . Well , usually you- - Please stop . I feel like I just pissed away my day . We have a problem . The food division just told me that the " extra fun mac and cheese " I 'm supposed to be presenting to the shareholders causes blindness if eaten more than twice a week . Plus , no matter how long it 's cooked , it never gets hot . Maybe it 's not mac and cheese . Oh , no . It has to be . They 've already designed the box . Anyway , I need a new food product I can unveil next week . Something splashy , sexy . The opposite of small talk . Okay . Well , I 'll- - I 'll see what we have . Your hair looks nice like that , by the way . - It 's small talk . - Oh . I liked it that time . This is Linda . She 's great . But sometimes she gets frustrated working here ... Which is understandable . So we looked at what we have in the pipeline , and the only food product that 's close to ready is Lem and Phil 's project- - beef grown without cows . Beef without cows ? I 'm listening . We take bovine cells and , surrounding them in a bed of rich nutrients , grow them into fully developed cow tissue , or " beef . " - Cowless meat grown in a lab . - I just said that . - I 'm explaining it . - No , you 're repeating it . No , Lem , I 'm ... That 's something Phil 's been doing a lot of lately . The company 's legal department has come up with a few theories as to why it 's been happening . One idea is Phil may have been traumatized by burning his finger on a chicken potpie . Another theory is that it 's an old football injury . Personally , I think it 's because the company tried to cryonically freeze him for a year ... And then accidentally thawed him out a few days later . Did I do it again ? Yes . It seems like it may be getting louder . - How did I get wet ? - No one knows . Perhaps you urinated . In my face ? Sorry I 'm late . The new bathroom towel dispenser is an incredible jerk . We 're talking about growing meat in the lab without cows . Oh , that 's creepy . Right ? Oh , I see . We 're doing that . Yes , we are , and we have five days to make it happen . Clean yourself up . At least meat grown in a test tube doesn 't feel pain . Please tell me it doesn 't feel pain . - We don 't think so . - Yeah , although interestingly , it does respond to music . Lately there 's been a little tension in Phil and Lem 's relationship . Once again , your attempt to feed the meat blob is being hindered by your ridiculous use of mittens . Sometimes my hands get cold in the lab . Because you froze yourself . - Could we not talk about that for one day ? - Fine . I 'll feed the meat blob . Blobby . Like bobby , only with an " L " . Don 't name it , or you won 't want to eat it . - Remember Chester the carrot ? - Yeah . I miss him . You 're stealing more creamer ? It took me 20 minutes to dry my hands this morning , so I am owed 20 minutes of creamer . - And how much is that ? - It 's an infinite amount . I know it doesn 't make sense , but this small act of rebellion keeps me sane , calm . - There 's no creamer down the hall . Do you- - - No ! You want me to be calm , don 't you ? Yeah , I-I do . I really do . When does that start ? - We should stop smiling at each other . - I know . I wish you didn 't have your stupid one-office-affair rule and that you hadn 't used your one office affair so stupidly . And I wish you hadn 't called me stupid twice in one sentence , but here we are . It 's just ... Veronica . - Well , it doesn 't matter who it was with- - - Linda . I have to get back to work . I don 't see the appeal , but whatever . Why is there never any creamer ? Ants . No , ghosts . No . I don 't know . I have a problem , Ted . Legal is worried that Phil might think his annoying outbursts are connected to our allegedly freezing him . We didn 't " allegedly " freeze him . We froze him , like a human leftover . Legal says we don 't know for sure what that chamber was that he entered willingly . The latest theory is that he may have been attempting to perform a magic trick . Oh , yeah , that magic trick where the company freezes him . The point is , they are not comfortable with him working on new projects until we know he 's not gonna sue us for whatever did or probably did not happen . But without Phil , this meat project isn 't gonna happen . But I need the meat project . - Then you need Phil . - But we can 't use Phil . - Then you can 't have the meat project . - But I need the meat project . - Then you need Phil . - But I can 't use Phil . You prefer this to small talk ? Why does it have to be Phil ? Can 't we just give this to another team of lab drones ? Veronica , Phil and Lem are the best scientists we have . Hey , Phil , would you take a look at this ? It 's true . Together , there 's nothing those guys can 't do . They pioneered retinal scan technology ... Nice . Developed the next generation of pepper spray . They 're even the best dancers at the Christmas party . Fine , they 're the best , but we can 't use them because we can 't use Phil . And don 't say I can 't have the meat . Okay , how about this- - Instead of putting Phil out to pasture , why don 't we try to make him feel good about what he did ? Because ... Help me . Phil did something that no one else ever has . That took courage . If we help him realize he 's a hero , which he is , he might look at the experience more fondly . Plus , he 's a good guy . It 's the right thing to do . - I 'm still not- - - Then he won 't sue the company . Fine . We 'll honor Phil . But he owes me . Yeah . The next day , we honored Phil because it was the right thing to do and because a happy scientist is a non-suing , cowless-meat - making scientist . And so for bravely pushing back the boundaries of science , on behalf of Veridian Dynamics , I thank you , Phil , and present you with our first ever " Trailblazer of the year " award . I 've never been in the executive dining room before . It 's nice . Well , now you can have lunch here anytime you want . - Thank you . - For the next week . Cryonics . The first syllable is " cry " , so how great can it be ? Am I right ? Anyway , I thought , if I can advance science ... What a treat . Do you hear that noise coming from our hero ? That is the sound of courage , ladies and gentlemen . It 's like an eagle screech . And I can 't hear it enough . And neither can any of you . What was the executive dining room like ? Oh , yes , please . I never get tired of hearing that story . So there are tables , right , with legs to hold ' em up ? Hey , do the eagle scream . Oh , I can 't just do it , Lonny . It has to ease out of me . Like a bowel movement , only louder and from his mouth . Okay , you know what ? I am a " Trailblazer " , Lem . My picture is on the front page of the company newsletter . I am the " Below zero hero " . Julie in employee services asked for my autograph . That 's right . Julie , with those breasts in front . It 's a new Phil , Lem . You had better get used to it . Wow . That was super aggressive . We 've got four days , Ted . Where are we on the lab meat ? Great . I 'm on my way to Jerome to have it taste-tested right now . Jerome ? Isn 't he still in the hospital from the " extra fun mac and cheese " ? No , he got his eyesight back . They just had scrape some of the " extra fun " off of his optic nerve . What the hell keeps happening with the creamer ? You have to stop stealing creamer . - No . Is Blobby inside ? - Yes . And we 're not calling it Blobby . You know , ' cause of Chester ? The carrot . - They 're going to catch you . - That 's a chance I 'm willing to take . Hi , Jerome . How you feeling ? Better , thanks . Though I still can 't see green . - What do we have today ? - You tell us . If they catch you , they 're gonna fire you . And if they fire you , well ... You won 't be here anymore . I know , but if I stop , I feel like I 'll be giving up a piece of my soul . Besides , when this company eliminates cows , those creamers are gonna be worth a fortune . It tastes familiar . Beef ? - No . - Chicken ? We 'll take chicken . What does it taste like ? Despair ? Is it possible it just needs salt ? " Despair " . That 's gonna be a challenge for the guys writing the jingle . We just have to redouble our efforts and fix the problem . That 's what we do here . If anyone can crack it , it 's Phil and Lem . Hi , guys . Oh , Ted . I don 't think I can work with Phil anymore , so ... We may have created a monster in the lab . It 's not a monster . It 's a cyborg that can kill without remorse . I was talking about Phil . What - - what are you talking about ? I was also talking about Phil . It 's classified . But it 's gonna be a fantastic new tool if we can get it to tell the difference between soldiers and children . We have a Phil problem , and that means we have a meat problem . I can 't have a Phil or a meat problem . It 's bad enough I have a cyborg problem . Stupid thing just kills whatever 's in front of it . Yeah ... anyway , look , I think all the attention might have gone to Phil 's head . Now he and Lem aren 't working together That 's it . I 'm taking care of this myself . Don 't ... hurt him . I 'm not gonna hurt him . He has an inflated ego , and that 's something I can work with . I 'm gonna save the company from a lawsuit , get Phil back to work and grow me some lab meat . And then ... I 'm gonna be " Trailblazer of the year " . You know that 's not a real award ? I want it . Excuse me , fellas . I need to borrow our hero . - Hi , hero . - Hi , Veronica . Ooh , I like the way you say my name . Veronica ... Oh . I like the way I say it , too . I could listen to you say your name all day . So could I. Veronica ... - Wait , I can do it better . - I don 't know . That last one was really good . Oh , thank you , " Below Zero Hero " . Your hair looks great like that , by the way . - You think ? My wife hates it . - She 's a pig . I 'm sorry . I guess I just don 't like you talking about her . That 's okay . She doesn 't like me talking about her either ... Or even to her . Hero , can I ask a favor ? Can I ... get your autograph ? Of course ... Veronica . Great . Right here . And initial here , here and here . And date it here . Oh , look , you just signed a waiver saying that you won 't sue the company . Of all the pieces of paper I could 've randomly picked for you to autograph ... That is so funny . Oh , well . Hero time 's over . Find Lem and get back to work . But , Veronica ... Please stop saying my name . Have you seen Phil or a blood trail that could lead to Phil ? He 's not here . And I 'm stuck . Maybe the meat blob 's not taking in enough nutrients . I guess I could try and give it a mouth . I 'm gonna say no to the meat blob getting a mouth . Mostly because I don 't want to hear what it has to say . Oh , joke 's on me . I 'm not a hero . It was all just a big show to keep me from suing the company . Not for me it wasn 't . Phil , I always thought what you did was incredibly brave , and I just wanted the company to acknowledge that . Thanks . I guess I was exceptionally fearless . Speaking of a meat blob with a mouth ... Okay , you know what ? You have been on me since I thawed out , - and I am sick of it . - All right . Guys , this project is far too important to sacrifice because you two can 't get along , so let 's just dissolve the partnership . Lem , report down to the third floor . You team up with Richie and Fuzzel on this . Fine . Richie and Fuzzel ? Their knowledge of microfabrication technology for vascularized tissue engineering vis-a-vis bovine muscle protein - - it 's so last year . Well , at least they don 't scream " Car " every 20 minutes . It is not " Car , " you idiot . Why would I be yelling for a car ? It is just a sound that I currently have trouble not making . Good-bye , Phil . Fine . Go , go . So he just goes ? Ten years of being lab partners , and he just leaves ? You know , when you agreed to be frozen , you left him just as suddenly . - What are you saying ? - Maybe Lem felt as abandoned as you feel right now . Wow . You 're right . How can I know so much about the bonds of chemicals yet so little about the bonds of friendship ? I have to stop him . Lem . - You could 've died . - I 'm sorry . Who would 've been my lab partner ? - Richie and Fuzzel ? - Those guys ? They don 't know anything about microfabrication technology - for vascularized ... - Guys , you 're together . And you have 72 hours to make that thing taste like something a drunk teenager would tip over . Cow . I 'm talking about a cow . I had wanted Phil to be recognized as a hero . But what is a hero anyway ? Working together again , the guys discovered their problem . Real cows move around all day , and so , build muscle and fat , and that makes them delicious . So Phil and Lem decided the meat blob also needed exercise . Deep tissue massage didn 't help , so other approaches were tried ... And rejected . But one thing about heroes : they never give up . Sure , there may be obstacles , people who don 't share your vision . But the important thing is to stay focused . What is a hero ? Maybe it 's just someone who comes through when others need them to ... So that everyone can be a hero . The meat cost $ 10,000 a pound , so ... it 's still a few years from production . Still Phil , the meat ... For a guy who likes to solve problems , it 's been a pretty good week . And now I am problemless . - What are you doing ? - I 'm helping you . - I 'm stealing creamers . - No , you 're not . You 're replacing them . You can 't do this . This ruins everything , and it wasn 't that great of a plan to begin with . I was just solving a problem . I cannot not solve problems . But now I 'd be stealing from you , and that 's not gonna help me . So now what ? Now that you 've ruined this , how am I gonna relieve my stress , huh , Ted ? Can you think of another way ? I would love to help you with that , Linda .. But I used up my office affair . It 's not like voting , Ted . You can punch more than one ballot . I don 't want to be a guy who votes around . Well , you 've taken the creamer from me , so now what do I do , Mr. Problem Solver ? : Sub : exizor fatbrat : : for TV4User.de :
