 : Sub : exizor fatbrat : : for TV4User.de : There 's Linda . Things have been a little awkward since we kissed and I told her I couldn 't be with her . Actually , the kiss was a bit awkward , too , and clanky . - Hi . - Hello . Listen , I hope things are okay with us , since we 're not gonna , you know , be together . You mean you 're not getting on the elevator ? You know what I mean . It just can 't happen for us right now . But I think you are a great person , and I know you are gonna find someone- - Ted , this is my boyfriend Don . Hey . Well , that was fast . Hey , it 's nice to meet you , Ted . And you 're right . Linda is a great person . Ted , we didn 't go anywhere . This is the same floor . I know . I like this one . Lem , you ever get the feeling the ooplasm cultures are looking up at you , worshipping you like a vengeful god ? No . Cytoplasm cultures sometimes , but never ooplasm . Sometimes you are a complete stranger to me . Coffee ? I think there 's still some of the fancy stuff the company - got us for Christmas instead of bonuses . - You mean got you for Christmas . Because you were too scared to tell them they left you off the guest list . Look , I don 't need any coffee . And I 'm sorry I 'm not the alpha male you are . Ooplasm . That 's crazy . Did you put hydrochloric acid in this mug ? Oh , yeah . I was trying to get the stains out . You know , soap would work , and it wouldn 't kill someone if they accidentally drank it . But soap leaves a film . Hello ? Motion sensors . I 'm motioning . I 'm motioning . Please sense me . It tastes like cinnamon , hazelnut and just a hint of hydrochloric acid . It gets dark whenever you leave the room . Oh ... Now how can I stay mad at you when you say things like that ? Who 's that incredibly handsome guy with gidget over there ? Uh , that 's Don , Linda 's formerly ex , currently current boyfriend . - You 're still hung up on her , aren 't you ? - No , I 'm not . I 'm the one that didn 't want to get involved . I can 't , because my daughter really likes her , and Linda talks about taking off one day , and that 's exactly what Rose 's mom did , - so I can 't run the risk of that happening- - - Stop . I need to be out of this conversation by tomorrow . Oh , uh , one other thing . Lem mentioned that there 's , uh , something weird going on with the motion sensors in the lab . Oh , yeah , we replaced all the sensors in the building with a new , state-of-the-art system that 's gonna save money . It works by detecting light reflected off the skin . Well , Lem says it doesn 't work at all . Lem 's wrong . It does work . Although there is a problem . It doesn 't seem to see black people . - Because that 's what they like to eat . - Fine . The system doesn 't see black people ? I know . Weird , huh ? That 's more than weird , Veronica . That 's basically , well ... - Racist . - The company 's position is that it 's actually the opposite of racist , because it 's not targeting black people , it 's just ignoring them . They insist the worst people can call it is " indifferent " . Well , they know it has to be fixed , right ? Please ... at least say they know that . Of course they do , and they 're working on it . In the meantime , they 'd like to remind everyone to celebrate the fact that it does see Hispanics , Asians , pacific islanders and Jews . Oh , great , she saw me looking at her . Now she 's gonna think I 'm hung up on her , which I 'm not . Oh , man , she saw me doing it again . Now I have to go over there and show her I 'm cool with her and Don . I 'm not gonna play racquetball with you . You 'll win . - Not if you distract me . - I 'm not flashing you again . That was a onetime deal because I forgot to get you a birthday present . Oh , Ted , you remember Don , my boyfriend . Of course . You hold a hell of an elevator door . There 's a lot more to him than that , Ted . He 's funny , smart , speaks French . Say something in French , Don . Non . That was French and funny in one syllable , which makes it smart . Do you wanna play racquetball with him ? He 'll kick your ass . You play ? Because I just got back into town , and I don 't have a partner . Except in bed . Go on . - I mean , I don 't want you to feel like you have to ... - No ! No , no , I 'll play . J 'adore le racquetball ... Don . So we got the children 's hospital all set up and running . I left Liberia and went to Paris . Uh , Linda and I went there the first time we were together . We found this vendor who makes the most amazing chocolate crepes . She loved them so much , I got the recipe so I could make ' em for her when we got back home ... It turned out Don was really a good guy . Linda was right . He was funny and smart . And for some reason , he could name every freshwater fish in North America . Plus , he once played miniature golf with Tiger Woods . Good morning , Lem . You 're here bright and early . No , I was here all night . Really ? Sweet . You single guys ... wish I could spend all night in the lab . I wasn 't in the lab all night because I 'm single . I was stuck here because I 'm black and the door wouldn 't open for me . What ? Why didn 't you call security ? I did . Spoke to Lamont- - Nice guy . He spent the night trapped in his kiosk . This is ridiculous . You have to talk to Veronica . - I 'm going to . - No , I mean you really have to . I 'm going to . - No , you won 't . - Yes , I might . You have to stand up for yourself this time . This isn 't just delicious flavored coffee . It is your dignity we 're talking about . I have my dignity . Now will you please take me to the bathroom ? All right , I see your point . Guess I could get a couple of the black employees , and we could go talk to Veronica . Good idea . Safety in numbers . She is ... . way too attractive and intimidating to face alone . Plus , if I get enough guys , maybe she won 't know which one 's me . Nothing . We never should 've let that white guy off . We 're eight black men in an elevator . Of course the white guy 's gonna get off . Veridian Dynamics . Diversity . Just the thought of it makes these white people smile . We believe everyone works best when they work together , even if they 're just standing around . Just like we enjoy varieties of foods , we enjoy varieties of people , even though we can 't eat them . At Veridian Dynamics , we 're committed to a multiethnic workplace . You can shake on it ... Veridian Dynamics . Veridian Dynamics . Diversity . Veridian Dynamics . Diversity . Good for us . I had a really good time with Don last night . Yeah , I heard . Great news . And he is obviously crazy about you . He ' s obviously crazy about you , too . Good job , Ted . Everybody loves everybody . Wait . I--I 'm saying I like Don . And I 'm saying fantastic . It doesn 't sound like you 're saying , " fantastic . " I mean , you 're using the word , but it sounds all ... yell-y ? - Oh . Is that one of Don 's crepes ? - Yeah , they 're really , really good . I 'd love to taste it . Sorry . That was the last bite . This was the company 's plan . We 're gonna die in here . Yeah , we 'll get the last laugh next week when everyone is wondering what that smell is . I thought you guys might need a little help . Veronica ? Oh , god . This looks way too aggressive . No , it ' s okay . I think I know why you 're all here . Well , most of you . Um , I have something prepared . Um ... " Veronica , you are a terrific Boss . " Thank you , Lem , I 'll take it from here . Let me start by apologizing on behalf of Veridian for this inexcusable situation . I understand what you 're going through . I know what it 's like to see the ugly face of discrimination . - You do ? - Yes , I do . When I was 16 , I was 5 ' 9 " and stunning . I mean , off-the-charts gorgeous . At school , I was like a swan among ugly ducklings . All the other girls hated me , and ... like our light sensors are doing to you , totally ignored me . If it wasn 't for the modeling contracts and the comfort of college boys , I don 't know if I would 've made it . Wow . Wow , I had no idea . No , how could you ? You 're still not 5 ' 9 " . Thank you . My point is , the company is committed to fixing this problem , and they will . Anything else ? " Great boss ... always fair ... hair like spun gold ... " No , that 's it . Well , my door is always open to you . Please close it on the way out . I laid into Veronica pretty good . I figured it was my only shot , so I took the gloves off . Well , that sounds great , Lem . Sounds like you gave the company a really strong message . Oh , yeah . She said they 're working 24 / 7 to make things right . Manual Drinking Fountain ( For Blacks ) - Separate drinking fountains ? - Thank god we don 't have a company bus . Okay , they realize it didn 't work . Although there 's a lot of fighting upstairs about whether it was the idea or the execution . - Look , Veronica . - Yes , Lem ? - I think we know what I 'm going to say . - No ! Go ahead . You tell her , Lem . You earned it . I am really angry about this . Or just angry . You know , whatever feels right to you . You have every right to be angry . The good news is , I 'm told they 've fixed it . - Really ? - Yes . You won . Nice work . You can walk away tall . Thank you . - I just ... - Walk ... away ... tall . I think she 's telling you to walk away , but tall . Oh . Right . Go , Veridian ! Look at you , letting him be heard . Sometimes it 's important to listen to the people who work for you , Ted . Someone just told me the most incredible thing . Oh , god . Another one . Okay , this isn 't a joke . Eight black guys walk into an elevator ... We know . It 's being handled . Whoa , excuse me . Maybe if Don were telling you this , you 'd let him finish and then go out for smoothies . That chick gets weirder every day . I don 't know what happened . She 's been mad at me ever since I told her I liked her boyfriend . I guess I should go talk to them about the drinking fountains , although they 're not gonna want to pull them out too fast because it 'll look like they 're admitting they made a mistake . The thing is , it was Linda 's idea for me to date Don in the first place . So seriously , what the hell ? Okay . She set you up , hoping you would have a bad time because you 're not over her . But you had a good time , so now she 's mad because it means you are over her . Got it ? That 's weird . Linda and I haven 't had sex . It 's complicated . You and I had sex that one time , and it 's no big deal . Well , I 'm different than other women , Ted . And by " different " , I mean " better " . Hey ... - Look at that . The lights are on . - Yes , they are , Phil . See ? Got them to fix it . When you stand up for yourself , you get things done . I learned that the first time I sent back undercooked chicken at a restaurant . Yes , I ended up paying for two chickens , - but still ... - They didn 't fix the system . Sure they did . The lights were on when I got here , so ... All they did was hire a bunch of minimum-wage white guys to follow the black employees around ... And activate things for us . This is Stu . He 's a huge idiot But he was born with the god-given talent to trigger a light sensor , so ... Here we are . - This tastes salty ! - Well , that 's because it 's salt ... You huge idiot . What is it ? Salt . Salt . - Salt ! - Okay , you know what ? You have to do something , because I don 't care for all this yelling . It 's time for me and the guys to ride again . Stu , we 're leaving . I think this might be salt ! You really shouldn 't eat things in here . Okay , what are you doing ? I was told to do exactly what you do . They didn 't mean that . That doesn 't even make any sense . What they meant ... okay , cut it out . Can 't risk it , bro . This is the first job I 've had in , like , two years ? Can you believe this ? I know , isn 't it great ? We all get our own free white guys . - You like it ? - Yeah ! Hey , Todd 's the best . He anticipates everything I need . Plus , he picked up my dry cleaning . Oh , and he got this kink out of my neck . Really ? My white guy sucks . Well , maybe you 're just not using yours right . - Yeah , maybe it 's on you , dude . - Shut up , Stu . I got the worst black guy . I can 't be friends with Don anymore . Really ? Go on . In fact , I never want to see him again . I 'm surprised to hear you say that since you said he was such a great guy . I know , and he is . But it turns out , I hate him . Do you really ? Yes . I want to crush his handsome skull with a hammer . Well , that 's horrible . Anything else ? Well , then I 'd chop him into pieces and I 'd feed him to all his precious North American freshwater fish . - Then , with whatever 's leftover , I ... - Okay , easy , Ted . I am dating the guy . Right . So I should get going . Good-bye , Linda . You know , we have a meeting now in the conference room . Oh , yeah . I 'll walk with you . This whole black thing has turned into a complete nightmare . Really ? There 's a problem with operation white shadow ? Human resources says it 's against the law to just hire a bunch of white people because that 's discrimination . So now we also have to hire black people to follow our black people around , which doesn 't make any sense because our system won 't see them , either . So then we 'd have to hire more white people for those black people , which we can 't do without hiring more black people . Oh , Ted , I 'm having the most awful , awful , awful day . So am I. And suddenly the day takes an unexpected turn . Not that I 'm complaining . I had a terrible day , but things were finally starting to look up . Ted , wait . I don 't think this is a good idea . You couldn 't have mentioned that a couple seconds ago ? I 'm sorry . If we did this , it would be fun . I mean , it always is with me . I 'm not bragging . It just is . Plus , you and I are good together . But the thing is , you wouldn 't be doing it with me . Oh , come on , Linda ! Okay , I see what you 're saying . Listen , you 're not ... you know ... What , Ted ? Embarrassed ? Upset ? Disappointed ? Itchy ? Hungry ? Earning twice your salary ? Don 't worry . I 'm not any of those things . Maybe a little hungry . Plus , the salary thing . Now let 's talk about the problems of institutional racism . Boy , when the moment 's gone with you , it 's really gone . I 've been doing some reading . We 're on the wrong side of this issue . Well , why don 't they just get rid of the new system - and put the old one back in ? - It 'd be too expensive . Ted ... This isn 't about race . It 's about money . It 's always about money . " Money before people . " That 's the company motto ... Engraved right there on the lobby floor . It just looks more heroic in Latin . It turned out Lem had also been thinking about the money issue , and he put together some interesting numbers to show us . And then we all went to speak to management in a language they could understand . Within a margin of error of plus or minus 1 % . And so if the company keeps hiring white people to follow black people to follow white people to follow black people , by ... Thursday , June 27 , 2013 ... Every person on earth will be working for us . And ... we don 't have the parking for that . - No way . - Now ... let 's take a look at how this would affect health care costs . Gee , Ted , it seems like , financially , it makes more sense to just go back to the old system . Great idea , Veronica . That 's why you 're earning twice my salary . And so the company reinstalled the old motion detectors , and things got back to normal . See ? You stood up for yourself , and finally , the problem got solved . - Good for you , Lem . - Thank you . I 'm really gonna enjoy living my life without having white people hovering around me . Veridian to black people : We see you ! - We 're a good team , Ted . - Yeah , we are . Here . I bought you some briefs . The boxers you were wearing didn 't highlight your assets . Penisly speaking . Thank you . And I promise to never tear off my clothes in front of you again . I didn 't say " never " . I 'll just let you know when you 're ready . - Hey , guys . - Hey , Ted . Don . - Don stopped by for lunch . - You guys want join us ? Thanks . No , I , I 've got some briefs to look over . Veronica ? Well , that was a lovely invitation . Now you can walk away tall . Walk away ... Tall . Walkin ' away tall , Boss . : Sub : exizor fatbrat : : for TV4User.de :
