 And finally , through a small incision in the skull , the nano-device is placed directly into the brain . Where , once it 's activated , it causes everything the subject eats to taste sweet . The implications for weight loss are enormous . And while elective brain surgery doesn 't test that great , it still tests better than dieting and exercise . Excellent work , everybody . Thanks for staying late . Shoot . - What 's the matter ? - My driver died a few days ago , and I haven 't gotten a replacement yet . I 'm sorry . I could give you a ride home . I suppose that 's OK , but I can 't start you at what my old driver was getting . You don 't have to pay me . I thought it would be a nice thing . All right , yes . Thank you . Right ? Thank you ? Yes . I 'll go get my things . Can we stop and do an errand on the way ? Sure . Still free . Then pull the car around . We 've never gotten along . I figured maybe some one-on-one time might thaw the chill . - I thought Veronica lived here . - Me , too . She just finds a comfortable chair and powers down for the night . Come on , we 're gonna be late . You 're the one who didn 't wanna share the bathroom mirror . Hey , guys , I thought maybe we 'd go to Mctaggert 's for beers . Now , tonight , without warning ? Don 't you have to get home to your daughter ? Her mom 's visiting after a year in Botswana , which , by the way is a year Botswana 's never gonna get back . Anyway , they 're hanging in New-York for a week until Stacy finds another country to go fix so she doesn 't have to work on herself . I 'm free . I wish my wife would go to Botswana . The thing is , we kind of have plans . Although , if you wanted to ... I see . You 're going someplace you don 't want me to come . - That 's cool . - You 'd think it was lame . I promise I wouldn 't . - Then maybe ... - Phil , can I talk to you for a minute ? Not about you . An occasional drink is fine , but being friends with your boss is a slippery slope . Guys , we can get past the boss thing . I consider you friends . Can I talk to you away for a minute ? Still not about you . You think you 're their friend , but when push comes to shove , they 're always your boss . { \ and they know it . } But Ted is not like that . He 's a good guy . Don 't touch that ! Besides , Ted could bring us a lot of street crud . It 's streetcred . You know ... " credibility " ? Now that finally makes sense . Thanks for swinging by my grandmother 's place and for helping me carry all her possessions . You 're really handling all this pretty well . I can 't believe your grandmother and your driver both died - in the same week . - What ? That 's funny . They were the same person . You hired your own grandmother to drive you around ? She need money , but she didn 't want a handout . She was a very proud woman and a very proud driver . You wanna maybe talk about her ? How you 're feeling about losing her ? That 's sweet , but ... No . Are you sure ? It could change our relationship and make it difficult to continue working together . But I suppose that 's a risk I 'm willing to take . Or ... I could just go . Don 't be silly . Let 's talk . Would you like some wine ? I would like a whole bunch of wine , yes . Okay , but we 'll have to pour it ourselves . My housekeeper died this week . I 've never been in the subbasement before . They don 't want the executives down there because of all the asbestos . When you work for a company this intense , - you have to find ways to relax . - We tried the Veridian chess club and the quilting club , but those were just meat markets . Besides , nothing relieves tension like this . Behold ! Welcome to medieval fight club ! Bosses , Everybody has one . Without bosses , we 'd be like these worms ... Disgusting . Bosses make everything better . So listen to your boss , and don 't question them . Otherwise , you 're no better than a worm ... You 've to fight your way up the ladder . Newbies start out as peasant farmers . Here are your soiled rags . Sorry , we 've to stay in character . The king is watching . Isn 't that Gil , the IT Guy ? On the surface world . Here , he is our king . Listen , fellas , this all seems really ... Cool ? Sure . Let 's go with " cool . " But I think I 'm gonna take off . Ted , wait ! You 're the first executive that 's been down here . You leaving like this makes us look like fools . And we haven 't been fools for months . Let him go . It 's not your fault . Bosses and employees just shouldn 't hang out . It 's like a ventriloquist trying to be friends with his dummy . At the end of the day , you know who 's sleeping in a suitcase . The dummy . All right , I was the one who pushed for us to hang out , so I should endure this . I mean , suffer through ... I mean , support you . Because that 's what friends do . And she married my grandfather at 18 . Now my grandfather had an amazing life . He came to this country with nothing and made a huge fortune , and then one day , tragically ... he got deported . That 's so sad . I 've a question . We have been drinking all night . How can you be sotally tober when I 'm completely fit chased ? I 've always been like this . My body just doesn 't process alcohol like that . You want one of these ? You want one of these ? That 's what I thought . My grandfather ... I never liked him . He smelled of onions and once cheated on my grandmother with Eleanor Roosevelt , who hated men but loved onions . Why are you telling me all of this ? Because I 've never told anybody . I 'm the one who turned him in . I had him deported . I declare Ted the victor ... And Victor the loser . God . That was fantastic ! Are you allowed to fight more than once in one night ? You 've done well by bringing a warrior of such pluck into the fold . I told you this would work out ! We haven 't been this celebrated since we fixed the king 's moped . My ex-wife is spoiling the hell out of our daughter . I could spoil her , too , but one of us has to be a good parent . Really , sweetie ? Ice cream for breakfast . You 're right . I don 't let you do that . You know what I do let you do ? Get vaccinated . I love you , too , Rose . That bitch is driving me crazy . - Easy . - She 's 7 . Not Rose , my ex-wife . Stacy . She was ... Crazy . Crazy hot . Totally . You were an animal last night . No one has ever won four battles in a row . That medieval fight stuff is a blast . And it wasn 't just the winning . It was the constant winning . I can 't wait to get back to it There 's no meeting tonight . We only get the basement once a week . I took care of that . I had the a . Meeting moved to the utility closet we could have the basement . Medieval fight club two nights in a row ? Man , my codpiece just got tighter . See ? It 's good to be friends with the boss , I hate to break it to you , but we can 't make it tonight . My mom 's birthday ... That 's OK . We 'll see you next time I can 't miss M.F.C. That 's how rumors start . Would it be weird for me to bring my mother ? Morning . I couldn 't sleep all night . I really messed things up with Veronica . Last night , she opened up and told me something very personal . Now I know too much . What if she has me fired or deported ? - I mean , who knows what ? - Hello , Linda . I need to see you in my office . Hear that , everyone ? Veronica needs to see all of us in her office . Just you . I don 't know why I drink . I always either get laid or fired . I have to start drinking . I like those odds . There 's no easy way to say this . You 're firing me . That would be easy . You 're fired . I want to say that I 've been keeping that secret about my grandfather for years , and it felt wonderful to finally get it off my chest . Really ? I 'm glad to hear that . So thank you for listening to me . We 're letting you go . What ? That would be another way to say it . Anyway , I slept like a baby all night . Actually , I thought you might be afraid that I would tell people your secret . I hadn 't thought of that . I hadn 't thought of that at all . But do what you 're going to do , I 'm not gonna do that . We 're friends . Friends don 't do things like that . Friends . I like the way that sounds . We 're friends . Good . Because you can never have too many . I used to feed my sister in her sleep so she wouldn 't be skinnier than me . You 're my first friend who 's ever done something like that . It feels so good to finally admit that to someone . Let 's take the morning off so we can talk some more . I 'll take you to breakfast . Someplace where the meals don 't end with the word " slam . " I don 't know . I 've got a lot of work to do on the doppler project . You 're with the boss . Relax . Besides , I can give the doppler project to Joe . Really ? Because I do hate the doppler project . And I hate Joe . So everybody wins . No one gets in ! No one gets in ! All right , I 'm calling it . Did I win ? He didn 't get in , but no . And this defeat brings you all the way down to court Jester . In order to advance to squire , there is but one knave standing in your way . I propose a mutual surrender . Valiant try , you giant ball of wuss . I declare Ted the victor . Guys , no hard feelings ? We like that you 're successful at everything you do . And you realize a forfeit takes you down to court Jester as well . Fine , whatever . But it 's going to be the same jokes you heard last month . - Your hair looks nice . - You like it ? She took us out to get our hair done . We 've been spending tons and tons and tons of time together this week . At least you two are bonding . We 're not bonding . I 'm being absorbed . Whatever it is you 're doing , keep it up , because your hair looks great . - You think I care what my hair ... - Linda then loudly explained that her hair wasn 't important to her right now , because being friends with Veronica came at a price . Sure , there was shopping . I once slept with my boyfriend 's therapist to find out if he was cheating on me . He wasn 't . And there were massages ... And then I accused Omar Sharif of being a terrorist so he 'd get kicked off a plane and I could take his first-class seat . And midnight girl talk ... It 's me . I 'd ask you over , but ... My sister 's in town for my grandmother 's funeral . But the friendship came with a price . Veronica keeps dumping all this stuff on me . I 'm like her brain toilet . I don 't know how much more I can take . Because she 's your boss doesn 't mean you have to put up with it or jump every time she calls you . - Is he coming ? - Just go . Go ! That 's weird . I could 've sworn they saw me . Hey , friend . I was thinking we 'd have lunch today . 1 : 00 ? Excellent . I don 't think that 's such a good idea . After-work drinks ? I 'm sorry . It 's just ... I see . You 're dumping me . I 've really enjoyed spending time with you , and I don 't deserve this much pleasure . I know , I 'm messed up . I 'm just a big ol 'bucket of crazy . But I thought again , because of my own inadequacies . We should take a little break . Isn 't that funny ? Because I 've been wanting to take a break , too . So this works out perfectly . Good bye . You want to take a break from medieval fight club ? But don 't you want to see my new tunic ? It 's got clovers on it . You bought a tunic ? That 's a big investment , considering you 're gonna stop when Rose gets home . That 's right . You 're going to stop when Rose gets home . No way . I am hooked . I 'll just get a sitter a couple nights a week . But it 's not gonna be the same without my two court jesters . The thing is , we 've been under a lot of pressure from the model train club to get back into that . I have a chance at being the first black mayor of tiny town ... I guess I can 't force you to keep coming to fight club . By the way , I 'm gonna need to see the specs on the taste-altering brain implant on my desk by 9 : 00 a . M. - No way . - We can 't have it done that quickly . It looks like you 're gonna be up all night . Although , If you had a good enough reason to not be working , I suppose it could wait a few days . Would medieval fight club be a good enough reason ? That 's what I want to hear . Come on , guys , it 's gonna be fun . Be there or be squire . " Be there or besquire . " - I said that two years ago . - You were right . His true boss nature came through and attacked . We have to figure out a way to get Ted to drop out of fight club . But how ? What if we pit him against The Groth ? The Groth ? I guess it was put on this earth for a reason . I don 't think so , fellas . I 'm done with medieval fight club . I have a girlfriend now . It 's just this one time . Please , The Groth ? For us ? It turned out Veronica didn 't like taking a friendship break . Hold it ! And since Veronica was the boss , she had lots of ways to make that clear . There you go , Joe . Enjoy your extra room . Bring him to me ! You okay ? You look a little nervous . You can call it off and never come back . I just got off the phone with Rose . She 's gonna stay a few more days in New York with her mom , who didn 't clear it with me first , so now if I say " no , " I 'm the bad guy . But ... Stuff happens . No biggie . Who dares challenge ? I feel like you 've been wanting to get our relationship back to the way it was . What gave you that idea ? That you turned my cubicle into a hobbit hole ? Now let 's not get into " who shrunk whose office " or " who canceled whose dental plan . " The point is , we had something special , and you 'd like to get back to that . And I accept . I 'd like to , but real friends don 't talk about their problems all the time . Real friends listen to each other . I 'm listening now . Let 's see ... Here 's something . When I was growing up , I wanted to be a gymnast , and every night , after my parents went to sleep , I used to sneak out of bed and put on my leotard . And one night , when I thought my parents were sleeping , I 'm sorry . I 'm gonna have to stop you . You going on and on about yourself ... It feels ... needy . Needy ? I tell you one thing that happened to me . One thing important in my life . You 're doing it again . And I find it off-putting . I 'm sorry . I can 't be friends with you anymore . You 've changed . It 's okay . I got it . I 'm sorry . I 'm a little preoccupied . I almost killed a man in the basement . Last week , a story like that would 've surprised me . So who 'd you almost kill ? Was it Joe ? I hate that guy he took half my cubicle . I 've been doing this medieval fight club since Rose has been with her mom , - and I got a little carried away . - Your ex-wife 's in town ? She blew into New York for a couple weeks . Since she 's never here , I have to drop everything so that Rose can be with her . When Rose gets back , she wants to stay up late , have ice cream for breakfast , and then I don 't let her because I 'm an actual parent , not Willy Wonka . I 'm the bad guy . Rose gets mad at me and ... - I 'm going back to the basement . - Why ? Is your ex-wife down there ? What ? It sounds like that 's who you 've been fighting all week . Either that , or you 've turned into some gigantic nerd . First of all , you are speaking to a knight of the realm , so show some respect . Second of all , you might be right . There 's a single dads 'club that meets on the fifth floor every week . Maybe you should check it out . I guess I could go beat up some single dads . I see what you 're saying . You 're smart . And the basement * * * Actually they * * * water . It 's more like a ... medival wet t-shirt contest . Good news . We took a vote . And made you , the new King . And we took an other vote and you 're died . Gloriously in battle . Listen fellas , I own you a apollogy I 've been working out on personal stuff . And I acted like a jerk . I hope I can make up to you . Rest in peace , King Ted . He means , you 're dead so don 't come back . - I got it . - * * * At least , you two got an apollogy from your boss . All I got from Veronica was a * * *
