 Trust . In a successful company like this , that 's the glue that holds everything together . At Veridian organize Dynamics we even hold special events to build that trust . Don 't let me go ! I will not let you go ! Come on ! It 's just like the virtual climbing wall at MIT . It wasn 't there when I was there ! It 's virtual . Technically , it was never there . Now , don 't look down . I 'm falling ! I 'm falling ! I got you . Once you have that trust , you know someone will always have your back . You realise if this project goes forward , all the aborigines in Australia will lose their sense of smell . Which is why I 'm going to kill it . It 's just to high a price to pay for fabric software . If those Aborigines were here , they 'd smell a good man . You ready ? Hair ? Good . Teeth ? Clear . Tie ? Stain . Got ya . But the most important thing is the trust the public has of our products . That 's why many of our products never get pass the testing phase . Like a soldier tracking GPS underwear . Hot ! Hot ! But sometimes , inspite of our best efforts , a bad product does get through . And for any corporation , the worst case scenario is ... The company has been sued for something we made . Is that the numbers the accounting guy invented for tax purposes ? No . Then , on a scale from 1 to zurplex , how bad is it ? It 's bad . Remember that perfume your team developed about a year ago ? In 3 out of 5000 women , it reacts with their body chemistry and attracts hornets , who want to mate with them . And when the hornets realise they 've been deceived , did they just ... laugh it off ? If by " laugh " you mean sting over and over again in endless ways of fury , then , yes , they have a wonderful sense of humor . So , is the company offered a settlement ? Generously . And after buying each woman a new face of equal or greater value than her original . But their lawyers are gonna try to screw us , by claiming we knew the perfume had this problem , but put it on the market anyway . What ? That 's ridiculous ! Exactly . So we all gonna have to give depositions and say that we didn 't know this could happen . But we didn 't know it could happen . Good ! That sounds very trustful . Because we didn 't know . This one wasn 't this good . But we didn 't . There you go ! That 's the one . Veronica ! I 'd leave my name out of it . With the public trust at stake , we all gave depositions . Veronica had done it before and so knew just what to say . Or how little to say . Were you involved in the development of this product ? Yes . And how would you summarize the company 's reaction when they found out that the women who used this product were savagely attacked by insects ? Ouch . Will you elaborate on that please ? No . Can you describe your job ? Yes . How would you describe your job ? Cleverly . My deposition also went well , although it tooked an odd turn . Tell me , Mr. Crisp ... would you give this perfume to your wife ? I don 't have a wife . Girlfriend ? I don 't have a girlfriend . Boyfriend ? No boyfriend . So there 's nobody significant at all in your life ? I mean , that you would give the perfume to . No , just me and my 8 year-old daughter . And Phil ? Well , Phil doesn 't do well pressure . Mr. Myman , it says here you went to MIT , is that correct ? No . I am a liar , a damned dirty liar . Excuse me ? When I took this job , I lied , on my resume . I didn 't attend MIT , I graduated from the University of Aruba . I wanted to be a big fish in a little pond . I played rugby , and I am proud of my years as a syphilitic conquistador . That was the team name , they wanted something the local found frightening . Lem was nervous too . So nervous he wipped out something in the lab to keep himself calm . He may have overwhipped . Hello cats and kittens . I am here to testify . That 's nice . The air feels like J-lo . But eventually , all the depositions ended up in the same place . Were you aware that this product was potentially dangerous ? No . No . Absolutely not . Negative , Catwoman . Yes . Now , what exactly ... One minute ... Did you just say yes ? Yes . And did you notified anyone within the company about the situation ? I sent an email to the CEO . And I sent another one to ... Yes . Miss Zwordling , who else knew about this ? Ted . Our Ted ? Mistakes ... we all make them . But sometimes mistakes lead to great discoveries . Mistakes are how we learn and grow ... so we can do amazing things . When you think about it , shouldn 't you thanking us for making mistakes ? You told the lawyers that you sent me an e-mail saying that the perfume attracts hornets ? I was under oath . I had to tell the truth , which I probably would have done anyway . It 's kind of a bad habit I have . But it wasn 't the truth . You didn 't send me an email . Yes I did . No , you didn 't . Yes I did . No , you didn 't . Oh , yes I did . I didn 't get any e-mail , and you could have at least warn me that 's what you were gonna say . The lawyers told us not to discuss our testimonies , and I did send it to you , Ted . I remember . It was my first week here . It was my very first project . The very first DRAFT LINDA Hello . Linda , right ? Yes , Mr. Crisp . Linda Zwordling . Please , call me Ted . Oh , and ... you call me Linda . Oh , you already did . Then keep calling me Linda . And you keep calling me Ted , and together , we 'll call each other by our names . It 's just crazy enough to work . Oh God , that 's not my laugh . I don 't know where that came from . I 'm just so excited to be here and working for this company that does all these great things . You know , my cousin uses the wheelchair you guys invented , the one that climbs stairs . You know it was my idea to give them brakes . You should have see those suckers rolling downstairs ... You 're joking ... with me ... on my first day . I love this place . Oh , before I forget , we 've been getting some unusuals results on this perfume product I 've been testing . Ted , can I speak to you a minute ? Sure . Have you met Linda ? Yes . With a laugh . Don 't worry . I 'm working on a new one . That 's not it . Well , keep us posted . Oh , and if there something I should know about the perfume results , just ... send me an email . E-got it . You know what I 'm doing ? I 'm trying too hard . A few minutes later , I sent you the e-mail . Yeah , well I believe that you believe you sent it but I know exactly where I was , and I didn 't get anyhing . How can you be so sure ? For me it was memorable , because it was my first week , and I was ... field testing my laugh . For you , it was just another day . Well , I ... I remember because ... well , I just do . And if there something I should know about the perfume results , just ... send me an email . E-got it . You know what I 'm doing ? I 'm trying too hard . I like that hairstyle . It 's very powerful . Would you mind if I wear my haird like that ? Of course not . Good . Then you can 't anymore . The laughing girl whose hair I 'm taking likes you . So , you wanted to talk to me ? Right after the teleconference , France called . They 're in . God , you 're in your game this afternoon . You think ? Cause I wasn 't really feeling it . Ted , that was an excellent presentation . Everything you said , was just so ... concise and exactly . I think you and I should have sex . If you want . How could you know where you were at that exact moment six months ago ? What you were doing that was so memorable ? Well , I was ... lying down . You were lying down ? That 's how you remember it so vividly ? Yes , because ... well the blood had rushed to my brain . Why are you being so weird ? I 'm not being weird . You 're being weird . Oh , my god . You did get my e-mail and you 're lying . That 's what 's happening . This is what Ted looks like when he lies . You think I 'm lying ? You think I 'd lie to you ? I think you 'd do anything to protect this company and its precious CEO . You 're totally gay for this place . Well , I 'm not lying and I don 't think bthe company did anything wrong . So if that makes me gay , then I am gay . Oh , settle down . Linda 's claim that she warned me and the CEO about the faulting perfume anything is pretty frost between us . Hello , person who thinks I 'm incompetent . Hello , person who thinks I 'm lying . I am incompetent and a liar . I don 't get a hello ? And Linda 's statement did not just affect the two of us . It sent shock waves to the whole company . Our legal department was working aroud the clock looking for a defense strategy . And our executives were workin equally hard to find a scapegoat . But it wasn 't just Linda 's deposition that was causing fall out . You went to the university of Aruba ? Where knowledge is king and clothing is optional . You lied to me . You said you wnet to MIT like I did . We even did this school beaver dance together , remember ? Now it just seems stupid . My God . What else have you been lying to me about ? How can I trust you now ? I bet you weren 't even rescued in Montana by Harrison Ford . No , that is true . I swear . I woke up next to a campfire with Indiana Jones making me bacon . Look , I 'm sorry . I should have been honest with you , but I had just started working here and I was afraid I 'd get fired if anyone find out I lied . I know it was wrong , but it was so long ago . Too bad your first day at work has to be during sixties ' week . So I heard you went to MIT . Me too . Really ? I guess I should have figured I 'd run into another MIT graduate , here in the world of science . Now that we both went there , let 's promise never to talk about it again . Are you kidding ? That 's all we 're gonna talk about . MIT was the best . The academic clubs , the dorms , the guys , the girl ... You lied , Phil . And you know what we do at liars at MIT ? No , you don 't . The companies needs to protect its image and we have a very interesting offer for you . Phil and Lem 's trust had been shattered but the company hadn 't given up on trying to restore the public 's trust . They want me to be the scapegoat ? We can 't let the CEO take the blame , and you 're the one who blurt . But I 'm the only one who did the right thing . Well , you know how we call that ? Irony . Now , here 's how it 's going to work . You say you knew the product was faulty but you didn 't tell anyone and you made up that story about the e-mail because ... you have a drug problem . I don 't have a drug problem . I haven 't taken drugs since ... Well , you don 't need to know the last time I got high . The point is , I don 't have a drug problem . But you don 't need one . That 's the beauty of this plan . Linda , why can 't you ever trust the company ? They know what they 're doing . They 've done it before . It is all my fault . I knew that there was a problem with the sauce , but I did not notified my superiors because well , I am a drug addict . My godness , how I love the drugs . I would take them at my house . I would take them with a mouse . With a mouse , people . Now , that 's rock bottom . This way the company is protected ; and if you agree to this , you 'll be handsomely rewarded . Didn 't do it . You 'll be send to the most beautiful rehab facility in the country . Didn 't do it . You 'll get to meet movie stars , rock stars , and people famous just for going in and out of rehab . Didn 't do it . And when you get back , your job will be waiting for you , because you have a disease , Linda . A disease that makes you look weak and dirty , and us compassionate and forgiving . It 's a win-win . How is that a win for me ? Shut ut junkie . It wasn 't surprising that the company wanted Linda to be a scapegoat . The surprising thing was ... You accepted their offer ? You 're gonna say it 's all your fault ? Yes . I 'm gonna take the fall ... and land on a giant pile of money . But you 're not a drug addict . I 've seen what you make , you can 't afford to be a drug addict . Well , that 's all about to change . Linda , why are you doing this ? Look at this place , Ted . they freeze an employee . They weaponize pumpkins . They took an innocent panda and turned it into an assasin . When you work at a place like this , you try to find one person you can trust , one person who see things the way you do and knows right from wrong . I thought I found him , but he sold his soul to the company , so why shouldn 't I ? I swear to God , I didn 't get the e-mail . The company scheduled a press conference . As Linda 's supervisor , would you be comfortable saying you caught her trying to sell the copier ? She said she 's okay with it . No , I am not gonna say this . Why must you always fight me ? What are you doing anyway ? I 'm looking for a record of Linda 's e-mail . She said she sent it May 5 . May 5 , May 35 , what 's the difference ? Let it go . Let her take the deal and make some money . Don 't you see what 's happening ? We are taking the only person here who has never compromised her ideals and ... and turning her into an ideal compromiser , and I don 't mean an ideal compromiser , one who , all the other compromisers look up to . I understand context , Ted . She was our conscience . So now what are we gonna do ? Gosh , you are right . How we ever make the fortune 500 list of the most moral companies ? Oh , wait . They don 't have that . Morning Lem . Phillip . So , I 've been thinking about our past , and how I ... shammed to the waters of our friendship with fishcuts of dishonesty . And I 've been thinking about how the shark of my loyalty gorges to the sinful entrails of your bloody lies . So we both saw that sharks special last night . Wasn 't it great ? I was struck by their capacity for forgiveness . Their cold black eyes , so full of compassion . What you 're watching , is two scientists in their natural habitat , awkwardly circling each other as they attempt to repair their friendship . This ritual allows Phil and Lem to confront and resolve their problems , while staying within the safe confines of marine biology . And that is why the otter will always be the jester of the sea . Agreed . I forgive you . Thanks , Lem . I just wish ... I could forgive myself for lying to my closest friend for the past ten years . Here . Maybe these will help . Look through my glasses . Look through my liying glasses . These are not prescription . These are just clear glass . When I first started working here , I thought they 'd make me look smarter . For the last ten years ... I 've been ... lying to you too . I always assume you had poor eye sight . You know , because you wore glasses . I had the feeling that 's what people were thinking . Just glad I don 't have to wear these anymore . Still look smart without them , right ? Phil ? Ok , before you sign let me go over the conditions with you once more . We 've been through it three times , Veronica . I am a scapegoat , not an actual goat . Linda , wait ! I have to show you something . Go ahead , Angel junk . That 's the street name we 're giving you in the press release . Look , this explains everything . Security camera C. 5 May 2008 . Wow , Ted , I know how babies are made , and I am so not in the mood for porn right now . Wait , let me zoom in . Yeah , that 's gonna help . Oh , my God . Is that you and Veronica ? Gross , why are you showing me this ? What the hell is wrong with you ? Look at the date . It was May 5 . This is right after we talked about the perfume , this is what I was doing . I didn 't want to tell you before because I didn 't think it was ... relevant , but keep watching . No ! You have new mail . Did you say something ? No , the orientation 's over . You 're on your own now . Now , look at the computer . There 's your e-mail arriving . From : Linda Zwordling . Email delete ? Email removed . Veronica deleted it . She kicked the keyboard . While she was having her second ... Allright Ted . I get it , you 're a stud . So this is why you didn 't see my e-mail . You were telling the truth . We both were . I am sorry I doubted you . Yeah , what was with that ? Hey , you 're the one that called me a liar . Yeah , well ... I 'm sure you 've lied to someone about something , so I 'm just gonna call it even . Wow , you should have a license for that thing . That 's it for me . You taped us having sex . You 're kinkier than I thought you were . You have no idea . But I didn 't tape us . I confiscated this a few months ago from Dewey , the security guard . He had dozens of employees sex tapes like that . Dewey ? Damn . That 's the first person I ever met named Dewey I thought he was normal . The quest continues . Anyway ... when you mentionned Linda sent the e-mail May 5 , there was something about that date that ring a bell . Then I remembered that was the date on our tape , since I watched it several times . You 've watched it several times ? Well , if you don 't study your performance how do you expect to keep your edge ? Well , I don 't really look at it as a competion , but whatever gets you there ... It was nice you did this for Linda . Well , her heart wasn 't really in being a scapegoat . It just made more sense to give it to someone who 's gonna take the ball and run with it . I , Angel junk , am responsible for the hornets , the perfume , you name it . It was the drugs again . What can I say ? I am weak . I would do it on the train , I would do it in the rain ... In the rain people ! Now that 's messed up . E just a desperate case .
