 CREAM TEAM It 's not always easy to know who you are and to be comfortable with that . Like Alice ... She still thinks she 's 20 . And Ernie ... He thinks he 's a gangsta . And Linda ... she thinks she and Veronica can talk about their personal lives , - like girlfriends . - Hey , girlfriend ... Boss . Sir . So my boyfriend wants us to move in together . Why would he want that ? No , I mean he wants me to move in with him . - Then where am I supposed to live ? - You 're sabotaging this conversation . - Just till we get to the meeting . - I can get it done in that time . We 've been back together for 6 months . He 's a nice guy . My cat loves his dog , and he has better furniture than I do . Done ! Okay , fellas , nerd it up . We 've been developing a new search engine . And unlike language-based search engines , this face-matching technology uses visual recognition . Less nerd , more english . - You take an image of a person ... - Or " picture " . - And scan it into a computer ... - Or " magic box " . I 'm not embarrassed to say , this is helping . Now once the photo ... Like your corporate head shot ... is scanned , the search engine will find that face on every video or still image that 's ever been uploaded - onto the Internet . - It can find the subject in a crowded stadium , in the backgroundof home movies , security cameras , webcams . It 's like having eyes everywhere , but not in a bad way , like that time we spilled that container full of eyes . With this technology , we have finally defeated privacy . I just have to say , a technology like this could have serious consequences . I mean , we are opening up a huge can of ... Awesome . Look al those pictures . This must be how a bee sees me . There you are in the background of some fancy restaurant . Looks like a mas getting sick . The guy died , which is apparently what you had to do at that place to get the waiter 's attention . More , more , more ! What 's this ? Looks like you on some kind of stage with a ... magician ? Somebody must have taken this with a phone and put it on the Internet , perhaps for our pleasure . Hey , everyone , Linda 's moving in with her boyfriend . Unless your boyfriend is a half-naked magician , I say we stay on the topic of ... " What the hell is that ? " Boy , I cannot figure out this weather . I mean , I woke up ... It looked like rain . I get to work , and you 're a magician 's assistant . What can I say ? I love him . Who ? - Mordor . - Is that the magician ? His name is Mordor . What do you think ? Eight months ago , I saw him performing in a lounge off the vegas strip . We shared an instant animal attraction . He invited me up on stage , and I never left . Boy , when you undo that bun , you really undo that bun . Now I fly to Vegas every other weekend to perform . For those two days , I don 't have to be in charge of anything . It 's a total release . All I have to do is please the man I love and twice nightly lock him in a watertight drum , which also pleases him . You look like you could use a handkerchief . Here , use mine . Okay , I will get it for you . Look ! It is never-ending . When will it end ? Never ? I always dreaded this day would come , that people here would find out about my other life . People are gonna have their fun for the next couple of days , and something weird will happen , like someone will invent carnivorous shoes , - and this whole thing will be old news . - Ta-da ! It is ended . I can 't function here if people know that twice a month I put an half an ounce of spandex and hide a dove in my ... Let 's just say it 's not comfortable for me or the dove . Anyway , it would undermine my authority . So I 've decided to quit the act . But what about ... Odor ? It 's Mordor , Mordor the unforgiving , and I just hope he understands . Our new search engine had exposed veronica 's private life , and it was about to change Phil 's . Great . Here 's a video of me at the mini-mart , buying my wife some tamp-you-know-whats . Here 's me in a cowboy outfit . No way . Looks like I 'm on some kind of a ranch . And there you are riding a bull at a rodeo . This can 't be me . Why would I be on a bull without zinc on my nose ? Look at this ... " Byron McNurtney wins eighth bull riding competition . " This isn 't you . The search engine found someone who looks exactly like you . Oh , my God . This is amazing . It 's like looking into some bizarre alternate universe where I can drive a bull and wear tall shoes with throwing stars attached to them . Those arboots with spurs . Wild ! Here he is , surrounded by women . All my life , I thought my average looks were holding me back . How does this mcnurtney guy do all that with the same ham hocks and chitlins ? For most people , there 's a gap between who they 'd like to be and who they really are , but not me . I 'm not bragging . I just happen to know who I am . Hey , Ted , you 're not seeing anyone right now , are you ? I 'm totally fine with that . I heard you 're moving in with Don . I 'm totally fine with that , too . Yes , I 'm very happy , and I want you to be happy . So I 'm setting you up with my friend Rebecca . She 's beautiful , and she 's a veterinarian . When you meet her , if you start trembling and pee on the floor , - she 'll be okay with it . - Well , that is my move . I don 't know if I want to meet anyone right now . I 'm busy with work and with Rose . My herb garden 's finally coming together . I 've got ... How weird that you would show up right at this moment . So coincidence , huh ? That 's what you 're going with ? You must be ted . I 'm rebecca . Setting me up with your friend ... That 's happening , like , right now . Apparently it is . Sorry about Linda . She 's as subtle as a weimaraner . See , that 's funny because weimaraners are high-strung dogs . And they 're notorious for setting up their friends . Sounds like they 're the yentas of the canine world . Look what 's going on here . I did not major in chemistry , but I know it when I see it . You should go out to dinner together . How about Friday night ? I can watch Rose . Rose is his daughter . So it looks like we have two choices ... We go out Friday , or you put Linda to sleep . I don 't care about your problems ... Doing a magic act and spending time with the man she loved had been veronica 's way to relieve stress . Since that pressure wasn 't being relieved , it was coming out in other ways . It started harmlessly ... But she needed more . 'sup , V-Ness ? I got your mail on . Looks like a shout-out from the " c " to the " e " to the " o " ! Finally she found something that worked . There we go . And for the next few days , Veronica slapped her stress away . I 'll take some coffee ... anything but dutch blend . Sorry . All we have is dutch blend . Maybe just a bagel . I checked your computer , Ms. Palmer . It can 't be fixed . How about now ? So people are not loving the slapping . You think I like it ... touching all those strange faces ? It 's gross . Plus , you could get fired . I mean , it is a weird-ass thing to do . Yes , Ted , I know . I shouldn 't hit people on the staff . I 've been hearing that since grade school . I think you need to look at the bigger problem here . Clearly , crawling around a stage on all fours with a dove in your thong has kept you from acting crazy . First of all , you 're way off on how the trick is done . Also , now that I 've been exposed , I have to choose between my two lives , and I 'm choosing this one . You love Mordor . You love working with him . You can 't just throw away a part of who you are . You know I 'm right . - Don 't do it . - The hand wants what the hand wants . Don 't do it . We 're cool . Luckily , Mordor was in town for a big show . So I went to see him , hoping to get him to call her so they 'd get back together . I 'm not talking to that woman . I 've worked for years to get a show in this town , and when I finally do , she just disappears forever ... Like my first rabbit and my mom and everybody else who 's ever come into my life . Veronica needs you , - and I think you need her . - What makes you so sure ? Help ! I 'm trapped ! Save me with your magic ! There 's a latch , remember ? Sorry , Kevin . It 's Mordor . Veronica told me she loves you , and she does not love easily . She is like a portuguese water dog in that way . I just met this cute veterinarian , and she says things like that and then has to explain it , like I am now . I 'm sorry . I won 't call veronica . She sawed my heart in half , it wasn 't one of those plastic hearts that come in two pieces in the kit with a pair of fake legs . Damn it . I keep telling people how my tricks are done . I 'm guessing that 's not you eating sushi off that naked woman , and not just because you 're allergic to mercury . I figured it out . What 's been missing from my life is confidence . That 's the only thing keeping me from being Byron Mcnurtney . - Well , then you 're screwed . - Or am i ? I 'm thinking confidence may be one of those things people can 't tell if you really have or are just pretending to have , like the female orgasm . So you 're saying by just acting confident , - you can Mcnurtney-ize yourself ? - That is my theory . Well , then as men of science , let 's put it to the test . Mcnurtney 's always surrounded by women . Let 's see if , using nothing but confidence , you can attract one . But I 'm married to a woman who seethes with both indifference - and jealousy . - You don 't have to sex the female . Just get her phone number . You talked to Mordor ? How did he look ? Is he okay ? Did you touch his ches it 's so hard not to . No . Linda 's setting me up with a friend of hers , so I think I 'm gonna see where that goes first . You left him right before one of the biggest nights of his life . He 'll be fine . Listen , he needs you . Kristi , his new assistant ? She thought that abra cadabra was a country in Europe . Kristi , the waitress from the lounge ? She 's an idiot . She could get Mordor killed . You have to be smart to be an assistant . You have to be totally in sync with your magician , know when to pull the wire , slip him the key , ice his nipples . Well , after meeting Kristi , looks like Mordor 's gonna have to pick a lock with flaccid nipples . All right , damn it . I 'll do the show one last time . Only ' cause I know how important it is , and I can 't leave him hanging . Occasionally I leave him hanging , but it 's part of the act ... Or sometimes fore play . So , the number for the pizza place is on the fridge . You know how to get in touch with me , and don 't let Rose on the computer . She 's grounded from the internet . Did you see pictures you shouldn 't have ? - I bought a boat ! - Not just any boat . It sleeps 12 , and we 're not keeping it . Well , have fun , you two . Don 't do anything I wouldn 't do . There 's nothing I wouldn 't do . I know . I was your roommate . All right . You guys he fun . - Good night . - Good night . So why aren 'tyou dating my dad ? Well , because it 's complicated . Sometimes grown-ups find themselves at different places , and they 're not always open to the ... I have a boyfriend . That 's why . I don 't know why I spaced on that . And while I was getting to know someone new , Phil was trying to be someone new . - Hello there . - Hello . Phil Myman . Scientist . Two people behind you in the lunch line yesterday . I trust you enjoyed your applesauce . It was fine . Apples and sauce , - What could be bad about that ? - I 'm gonna have to correct you . It 's actually apples made into sauce . So ... Phone numbers . Those things are crazy , right ? Can I help you ? - Do you know her phone number ? - It 's the same as mine . Don 't pick up when I call . - And then what happened ? - She told it was my birthday , They brought me a cake , and they sang to me . So she 's a liar . I know what you 're getting at You want me to be with Linda , but it 's not gonna happen . I have an opinion about that . It 's not up to you , honey . When you call the shots , we end up buying boats . A boat , one time . $ 140,000 . I think we 're done here . Good morning , Lem . Oh , my god . Women , they think just because they 're stronger , - they can get away with anything . - It wasn 't a woman . - It was her boyfriend . - Men , just because they 're stronger , - they can get a ... - no , no , it was a good thing . He saw me as a threat . I 'm a scientist , Lem . I 've been a threat to humanity , the environment , even Jupiter once , but never to a hot girl 's boyfriend . I 've goose bumps . It 's like this is the beginning of a whole new Phil . Actually , no . I looked down Byron Mcnurtney road , and it leads straight to the emergency room . No , I 've decided I 'm gonna stick with who I am . Isn 't there some sort of middle ground ? Nope - Then what happened ? - We had birthday cake and talked for a while . Can we go to lunch now ? You don 't seem excited . Let me show you what you could have . We 've this search engine , so I pulled together a bunch of stuff on Ted for you to see . Here he is at the company picnic playing volleyball . Look at his muscles when he serves . And in this one , he 's helping Rose into a ride at Disneyland . Look at his face . The way he looks at her , So concerned and caring ... It just melts your heart . Oh , my god . You 're obsessed with Ted . - That 's ridiculous . - Look at you . You spend more time thinking about Ted than you do your own boyfriend . I could focus on him if someone would take Ted off the table . Is that why you want me to go out with him , to make him unavailable ? I just thought we 'd make a great couple . You 'd make a great couple . Are we gonna stay here all day , or are we gonna go eat lunch ? To help the man she loves , Veronica decided to do one last show . I 'm here to support her . She doesn 't want to get nervous , She told me to sit in the back Come on , let 's all sit in the front where she can see us ! Oh , god . Veronica 's gonna freak out . Plus they have better seats than me , so I 'm not happy either . What are you doing backstage ? Get in here quick . You 'll let the dove out . I like to let him flap his wings a little , tire him out before I load him in . I gotta know . What is the last thing the dove sees ? He 's blindfolded . It 's better for both of us . - What do you want ? - I came to warn you so that you 're not surprised when you go on stage . - There 's a lot of people from work . - What ? I can 't do the show in front their . They 're just here to laugh at me . I 'm not going on . If you go out there with self-respect and confidence , they 'll be the ones who look foolish . Halfway through the act , I drink from a large saucer of milk . And then Mordor and I bathe in it . The first two rows have to wear ponchos . Listen , you have to do this . You should be true to yourself . If you 're not , it would be like telling the guy you love that you 're ashamed of who you are together . Are you ready , Athena ? Oh , hey , Ted . Listen , if you don 't mind , Athena and I have a preshow ritual . It 's kind of a prayer / sex thing . So if you could leave or find something to read ? So what 's it gonna be ? It 's gonna be one hell of a show . And then we 're gonna do some magic . The act was a side of veronica we had never seen . And you totally could not tell where she kept the dove . One . Two . Three . And after that night , no one ever laughed at Veronica again . Veronica , how can you leave all this ? I 'm not going anywhere . After that , veronica wasn 't just her old self , she was something better . She was whole . Hey , V. , sorry your mail 's wet . I had to fish it out of the toilet , yo crazy story . Here you go . If it happens again , you 're fired . And having accepted who he was , Phil said good-bye to the rodeo not taken . And Linda also realized something about herself . Don , we went over this last night . I haven 't been honest with myself . This just isn 't the right relationship for me . I 'm sorry . Flowers ? What are these for ? Ever since my wife left , I have been sitting on the sidelines afraid to get back in the game , and that 's not me . You made me realize I want to be with somebody . - You do ? - Yeah . It felt really great to be with Rebeca , and I want to see her again . She 's smart and funny and cute . I told you guys you 'd be great together . Anyway , thanks you 're the best . Your mail 's wet . Crazy story ! Yo where is my conner ?
