 We 're not sure what 's just happened . The light is gone , and thousands of people have just suddenly appeared . Tom is the best agent I 've ever worked with , maybe the best you 've got in this division . I thought I was being re-assigned to field duty . You are , effective immediately . Work 's been a little crazy lately ... Oh , the job ? I 've been waiting for that one . It finally feels like old times around here . April , glad to hear from you . You 're my sister . Surprised ? How come I 've never met you before ? - It 's complicated . - We 've been busy . I 'm Shawn Farrell . I am one of the 4400 . Can I sign you up for a tour ? I was looking for my cousin , Shawn Farrell . Policy prohibits me from discussing our membership . I 've been to that place where you 're living . There 's some serious Stepford Wives vibes going on there . You know that , right ? These centers , they 're a chance to bring people together . Sounds like someone got inside your head . I will not allow these shadows from your past alter your perceptions . The goal is what matters . Ensure the future . Save the planet . If Maia 's having visions , you should know about it and you should know what they are . Isabelle is six months old . I don 't know why she talks to me and not to you . - Talks ? - NTAC ? Collier ? I don 't know who it is , but someone knows we 're 4400s . Start packing . How 'd it go today , daddy ? That bad , huh ? Nobody wants to buy time shares in Wilmington , Idaho . Baja , California maybe . If I were you , I 'd go in there and tell them " either let me have the good listings , or I quit " . The whole staff wants Baja , honey and I don 't have the seniority . How is that fair ? You 've been a salesman longer than any of them . Salesman , not telemarketer . It 's different . Hey , hey . Appelbaum . Payday . Leave him alone ! He 's trying to pay you back ! This your beer , Appelbaum ? You don 't mind if I quench my thirst , do you ? Honey , stay back . Stay back . I just need a couple more weeks . Something will turn around . You know , in my business you hear every sob story in the book but I got to tell you , yours is a new one . " Disappeared 15 years ago , came back in a ball of light , wife died daughter dropped out of school " . You got a bad break , but you borrowed the money , and now you 're going to have to pay me back . I 'll figure something out . Oh , you do it quickly , because you and I are going to talk again in 48 hours . I thought you 4400s got special powers . How come you 're such a big nothing ? Just lucky , I guess . All right , let 's go . Thanks for the beer . We should be at Eric 's place tomorrow . Be nice to see a friendly face , maybe sleep in for a change . Sounds good . You like Eric , right ? You guys got along in quarantine . Richard , I 'm late . Like , " I might be pregnant " late . You sure ? No , I 'm not sure . I 'm late . Well , we just have to wait and see . Wait and see ? We could go to the drugstore , maybe ... get one of those test things . And what would you want it to say ? I 'd like it to say , " Congratulations . You have a job , a house , and a future . You 're ready for another child . " But I don 't think it 's going to say that . No . Probably not . $ 3,150 ... 32 , 33 ... $ 3,400 . Well , that should keep that creep happy for a while . I 'm sorry about your car . I 'll ride the bus to work . Sorry about the television . I 'll read a book . Appelbaum , the miracle man , huh ? You notice anything different about me ? My god ... 75 pounds in two days . Now , at first , I thought the termites had gotten me . You know , I was sick cancer . Doctors ran all the tests . Turns out I 'm fine . But how could I lose all that weight ? Then I thought of you . Me and you , we shared a bottle of beer , and you 're one of those 4400s . What does that prove ? Nothing yet . But let 's - let 's find out . I want you to take a sip . Because if I 'm right , you made me lose all this weight , and then the same thing should happen to my wife , who ... though I love very much , I do ... could stand to lose maybe 20 pounds . 30 . Go ahead . Drink up . Applebaum ... these people who took you , they set you up for life . They snatched up a bum salesman , and they sent you back " the human diet . " " The human diet . " I like that . Go ahead . Chloe ! Want you next the door . When is your next CD promo ? Thank you . Thank you . Reading Jordan 's book was an absolute revelation . I bought copies for all my back up dancers and we discuss it every night after the show . She cut her tour short . Yes , because I felt like I had to be here . Obviously , i 'm not one of 4400 . But I expect to be treated just like any other student here . If I 'm lucky enough to tap into an ability , I will use it to ensure the world a brighter future . Congratulations , Chloe Grenzer , you have achieved " first key " . Thank you . Last year , she was into Compila . It 's amazing , I lost 23 pounds . I haven 't weighed less than 130 since college . Told you Applebaum was a real deal , right ? You have been happy harrassing him anymore . Honey , what we got from him is way more than he owns me , right ? Turn around . Question of the day : Who is Trent Applebaum and why is Drandix corporation calling me about him . Applebaum disappeared in the late 80 's . He 's in phone-sells , right ? And now he 's selling himself . He claimed that his saliva is a catalyst for weight loss . Applebaum backed his claim up ? Two good satisfied customers : Married couple , one drop 75 pounds , the other 23 , practically over a night . My god . They got a hand of the future on this one . If they really gave him this ability , it could be the cure for obesity . Yeah , it will change the world . That 's about to change Trent Applebaum 's world . He hired a lawyer , an agent , they were asking 20 million dollars but Trent 's in a bidding war with three other company so ... who knows what the final number will end up . A 4400 , selling exclusive rights to his ability , is it legal ? Our lawyer is looking into an injunction , but at the moment , no legislation specifically prevents it . Then our guy stands to be a very rich man . Maybe we should go see him . Yeah , find out if he 's really worth 20 million dollars . Hey hey ! Jet pilot ! - Did i get it right ? - Close enough . So ... you sounded a little freaked out on the phone . Anything I should know about ? Better that you don 't . Hey ! Look at you two , love birds from quarantine , building B. This little cutie must be Isabelle . Your daddy told me all about you . I bet he did . Look , come on in . I 'll show you guys the guest room , or maybe somebody sleep on the couch . A minus . Not too shabby from my first college assignment . It was a good paper , well fall out . So what 's the minus for ? Well , I always like to leave a bit of room for improvement . Last days of Pompeii . Yeah , they throw that party every year . You should go , go out some steam you 've earned it . I hate to go alone , you 're up for it ? I probably flaunted to have rememberance of that threat . Not my scene , but ... don 't let me stop you . I don 't know how it works , they put something inside me . One of those enzyme or whatever . So someone drinks from the same bottle as you do and they lose weight . Maybe we should give him a demonstration . Cut it out , Elise . She thinks she needs to lose eight pounds . - Try ten . - Sweetie , you 're beautiful , you don 't need to lose anything . He 's right about that , you don 't . A lot of kids go to college when they 're eighteen . Elise had to take a job at a diner . We were apart for sixteen years , but while i was gone , they gave me a way to make it up to her . Mr. Applebaum , no one 's telling you not to provide for your daughter , but a 4400 putting his gift on the open market is a first . We wanna make sure nobody gets taking advantage of that : Not you , not the buyer , other 4400 ... You don 't have to teach me about selling . I 've been a salesman my whole life . Most of the stuff I paddled ? Junk . But now I 've got a product that everybody wants and only I can provide , I am the damn product . Nobody is putting Trent Appelbaum back in the bottle . My father fought in Korea , infantry . I flew in F-36 . Eric told me . Daddy admired you guys . He said there were only 25 black pilots in the whole Air Force who were allowed to fly like everybody else . There weren 't a lot of us , it 's true . The first person I met along time he couldn 't mention the Korean War . That was a big deal in our house , Veterans Day , I 'd be off from school , we always go to pray . Yeah , my grandfather and my mom said he 'd take me too . Except it was called " Armistice Day " back date . For world war one , he put on those boot , dress , go watch with his buddy . Daddy looks so handsome in his uniform . I bet you did too . I 'd like to meet him sometime . Yeah , well , too late . He passed away , two years ago this August . I 'm sorry to hear that . Thank you . He would really love to have met you too . The guy was 81 , he was born four years after I was . Well , lucky for you , I like older man . So Rrichard , we 've known what were you up to in 1951 , how about lately ? Oh , really ? So what brings you to this part of the country ? It 's kind of remote for vacation . They came to see me , as 4400s , we gotta stick together . We have a bond that you mere humans will never understand . Eric , you freak me out when you talk that 4400 unity crap . Not much of a talker , are you , Lily ? I 'm not really used to be in social situation these days . You are a lucky man . With this one here , it 's " lap lap lap " , but I guess you already noticed that , didn 't you ? I have to pee , for about 75th time today . I have to change Isabelle . That thing is beautiful . Other all are beautiful . I just like them better in this book than i do on somebody 's shoulder . You don 't get it , Dia . These drawings are not meant live on the page , they 're meant to live on the skin . That 's very deep , but you 're right , I don 't get it . I do . Ok , you got to let this brilliant little girl go with me tomorrow . It 's a tattoo shop . A boddy art emporium . And for five hours tomorrow , I 'm the featured artist . You must be pretty good . Can we go ? Just for a little while ? One hour . Shawn , have you seen Chloe 's schedule ? Why would I see Chloe 's schedule , Devon ? She has an interview with media three o 'clock tomorrow ? Oh , hopefully , she will mention the center . But her nutrition and purification class is at three o 'clock . Yeah , I think I heard Jordan say she was excused from that . She 's been on the macrobiotic diet for three years . Or so she says . Look , I 'm sure Jordan plans on treating Chloe like any other student . Ok ? No , I 'm ready to close . I don 't wanna wait , just tell him it 's done and i 'll be in tomorrow . Alright , thanks , Celine . How much ? 40 million dollars . Where is the next round ? Come on . It 's on its way . But sir , this will be your fourth steack . - We 're hungry . - Ok , just hate to see make yourself sick . No one is sick , we 're hungry , and starving , now go go . Get your hands up , please , go . I 'm starving . Morning - you 're not dressed ? Those guys from Arkham Films are here to pitch us . Oh , the recruitment video . Yeah , well , you can handle that meeting , can 't you ? Well , yeah , sure , if you 're too busy , yeah . Hey . Guess Jordan 's getting a late start this morning . My bad . I 'm going to just jump in the shower , okay ? Shower sounds good , Chloe . Close your mouth , Shawn . You 'll draw flies . One-on-one tutoring with a first key ? That 's ... that 's new . First key or not , Chloe demands - deserves a different level of attention . She 's our entree , Shawn , into the entertainment community . Jordan , you have an entire chapter in your book that rips celebrity culture . It 's a cancer that separates people , that helps define the haves and have-nots . And 4400 culture is all about unity . Yes . Please , Shawn do not quote me back to myself . The fact is , celebrities have deep pockets and deeper insecurities , and we can use both to our advantage . You can be a manipulative prick . You know that ? Yeah . Well . It helps to use your entire skill set when you 're trying to change the world . You and Lily should think about putting down some roots here . I think all this running is fraying you both around the edges . You noticed . Hard not to . You can do a lot worse than White Bird . It 's quiet . Everyone minds their own business . Eventually you 're going to have to stop criss-crossing the highways . Might as well do it here , before you run out of road . Thank you , by the way . For not asking what we 're running from . I figured if you wanted me to know , you 'd tell me . Look , Richard . I got all the work I can handle up in Livingston , keeping up these movie stars ' second homes . I could use a hand . You offering me a job ? They used to call us handymen . Now we 're property managers . Either way , you 'd be working with me , not for me . And if you 'll just sign right here ... as agreed ... your signing bonus . When do I start ? You 're making breakfast . As you pour the milk over your cereal , you notice that there 's a photo of a missing child on the side of the carton . It takes you a moment to realize that it 's a picture of you at 10 years old . This one 's giving me the chills . Who 's making this stuff up ? Moron . Devon , do not let Jordan hear you say that . The two of them hooked up last night . Yeah , and by the looks of it , probably this morning , too . There 's a telephone number on the missing persons report . It 's the number of your childhood home . Stay here ? You mean permanently ? It 's a nice town , and Eric says I can start work tomorrow . Look , Lily . We 've got to get you off the road , especially if you 're pregnant again . I 'm not . You sure ? Positive . Please don 't try to pretend you 're not relieved . Relieved ? Lily , I was trying to wrap my head around it , that 's all . Especially if we 're not going to be running anymore . I don 't know about this place , Richard . - Isabelle thinks ... - Oh , let me guess . We should move on . I was hoping we could go to Salem , Oregon . I have some relatives there . I think they might be willing to help us out and keep quiet about it . Salem ? That 's a city . Maybe we could get lost in a crowd for a change . This place this life , it feels right to me . This is Eric 's life . It 's not yours . It 's not ours . No , this is not a negotiating stance . It 's my answer - no . Goodbye . So let me guess - the answer is no ? That was a rep from the Yoyotron corp . They want to sign Maia to a $ 300,000-a-year holding contract . But Maia doesn 't have any ability anymore . Well , you don 't need any to make any of these deals . They 're signing 4400s up on spec . They want them in their pocket in case something develops down the line . Well , you did the right thing by saying no . Tom . About Maia . What ? She 's okay , isn 't she ? She 's fine . I 've been trying to figure out the right time to tell you this . I probably should have done it right away , but ... you know , those visions that Maia used to have ? It turns out she was only pretending that they stopped . How long have you known ? Not long . I only found out because I read her diary , but it was an eyeful . You going to tell Jarvis ? I 'd rather not . Turn my daughter 's diary over to the government . Hey , don 't give me that look , Tom . You kept Shawn 's ability to yourself for quite some time . Guess we 're even now . See how cool that looks ? Your aunt , she 's a real artist . Oh , say it again , Billy boy . I don 't think my sister heard you . Oh , I heard him . You 're a star . Believe it . As soon as I heard April was appearing here , I booked my time right away . So did pretty much all of my buddies . That 's impressive . I 'm proud of you . Wait a minute . You didn 't actually just say that you were proud of me ? Cut it out . Of course I am . I always thought you thought I was a loser . Did you really think that ? Yeah , I really did . April . All I said was that I liked the tattoo . You don 't always wear your helmet , do you ? You should wear one tonight . Why 's that ? You won 't make it over to Monica 's house if you don 't . Does that hurt ? How do you know about my girlfriend ? I really think you should wear your helmet . - You killed her . - Dimitri ? What happened to you ? My wife , she 's gone . Doctors say that she starved to death . I 'm next . You killed us both . How many times am I supposed to tell you ? I don 't know how I got to that store . And I sure as hell don 't remember breaking any window . Not remembering is no excuse . And stop telling me somebody spiked your drink . The police ran tests , Kyle . There 's no GHB in your system . What else could it be ? You spent three years in a coma . You have no business drinking anything ! Okay . So I screwed up . I 'm sorry . What more do you want ? How about acknowledging that this was serious ? Do you know how close they were to charging you with breaking and entering ? Which by the way , is a felony . If I didn 't play the NTAC card , you 'd be sitting in a jail cell right now . Can I go to bed ? No . This is serious . You want to make up for last time , Kyle . I get it . I get it . But we need to talk about some ground rules for you . I 'm not a kid . I don 't need ground rules . I wouldn 't know that from tonight . Answer it . What ? You 're kidding me . Yeah . I 'll be right in . We 'll finish this later . What happened to laying down the law ? Oh . Right . Something more important came up . Just go upstairs , Kyle . Just go upstairs . Richard ? What are you doing out here ? Oh . I 'm just getting some air . Well , hop in . We 'll give you a ride back . I was reading about your airforce unit on the internet yesterday . No kidding . I looked at it a couple times too . You guys were one of the most decorated flying squads ... Tara . Will you stop pestering the man about his past ? It 's okay . I don 't mind . Well , as long as you 're feeling talkative , I 've got a question for you . What did a brother have to do back in the 50s before they 'd let you fly a plane , huh ? Polish the officer 's boots on the weekends ? David . No , no , no . Seriously . I mean , I 'm wondering . Boy must 've done some serious bowing and scraping before they 'd hand you them keys , right ? Okay . That is enough . I 'm so sorry , Richard . No problem . Some people the less they know the more they talk . Oh . I know some things . I know a lot more than you realize . What 's that supposed to mean ? It means quit fawning over the man and keep your mouth closed . Why don 't you just let me out right here ? Hey . You sit back and relax , huh ? Now this here ? It 's called marriage . That 's all . You know what I 'm talking about . Dimitri 's dead ? Organ failure resulting from malnutrition just like his wife . They were supposed to lose 20 or 30 pounds . Not starve to death . Are you sure there isn 't anyone else ? Family ? Friends ? No . Did you kiss anyone ? Share a drinking glass ? No . There 's no one else . We think we know what happened to the Kazars . There 's a protein in your saliva that hyper-accelerated their metabolism . It 's a cagey one too . It stimulates the brain to release epinephrine and it breaks down fat cells at the same time . No wonder they burned up calories faster than their bodies could take them in . Well , they could eat anything and everything and still starve to death . That doesn 't make any sense . We 're supposed to be helping people , right ? That 's why we were sent back . All I wanted was to make good for my daughter . Now I 'm a murderer . You didn 't mean to do it , Trent . That supposed to make me feel better ? We 're going to have to keep you here . Try and find a way to remove the protein from your system . Well , the good news is we caught it early . A lot more people could have been infected . Oh , no . I was at Drandix this morning . I spent two hours in their lab giving tissue samples . Look this isn 't my fault . And I have the documents to prove it . How many people did you test ? Look , my bosses , they wanted a clinical trial up and running by the end of the day . - They said " Make it your top priority . " - How many ? A hundred . Whoa , whoa , whoa . Hey . What 's going on ? What 's going on ? Why would Devon try to kill herself ? Obviously she 's a very troubled young girl . But she 's going to be okay though ? Yeah . They were able to pump her stomach out at the emergency room . She 's at home recovering . Okay . I think what we need to do right now is continue our work . Kyle , if the cops say you didn 't get " g " ed , you have to believe them right ? They could have screwed up the test . I didn 't drink that much . Well maybe your dad 's right . Maybe you shouldn 't drink at all . I hope it was just the booze . Well . What else could it have been ? When I first came out of my coma , I wasn 't quite myself . I hope it 's not happening again . I don 't know exactly what you mean , but if you 're losing chunks of time , you should talk to your dad about it . What 's he going to do ? Turn me over to NTAC medical ? I 'm not going back into quarantine . No way . If you 're looking for Eric ... Now there 's your goddamn apology . What are you talking about ? She was at me all morning . " Richard this . " " Richard that . " " I should go apologize . " From here on in , you stay the hell away from my wife . You 're crazy , right ? I 've got nothing going on with your wife . Now you 'd better step away and take a deep breath or something . Man , I step where I please . Now , listen to me . You 're going to go home , and you 're going to apologize to Tara . And if you 've got any brains at all , you 're going to start treating her better . Because if you don 't , one day someone is going to take her away from you . Now get your ass out of here . Trent . This isn 't helping . I had to see what I did . You want to do something ? Get back to the lab . Help them work on a way to counter this . Just let me call Elise first , huh ? She 'll be wondering where I was all night . Help me . Elise ? Daddy ? Help me . I 'm sorry . I just wanted to lose 10 pounds . Baby . I told you you were perfect . I used one of your water glasses . We 're going to get you help . We 're going to get everybody help . Tom . We 've got something . What ? Tell me . Well . I asked the guys downstairs if we could approach this like a smallpox vaccine , use trace amounts of the antigen to build resistance and counter the effects of the disease . These people are starving to death . Yeah , but it 's because of a chemical reaction . Now they biopsied Trent 's liver . That 's where the protein is coming from . So if we extract this protein , they can make a serum that will stimulate antibody production in the victims , but they 're going to have to harvest tissue to do it . How much of his liver would they have to use ? Given how much time we have , they want to take all of it . I 've never seen a sunset like that . The way it takes forever to go down , it 's like it doesn 't want to give up the sky . It 's a pretty sky . Worth holding on to . I 'm sorry . What for ? For letting you believe even for a second that I wouldn 't want to have another child with you . I want to build a future for us Lily , I just need to get my feet under me first . Well maybe if we stay here you can . I mean it Richard . You love it here . I don 't want to stand in the way of that . I 'd sure hate to give up that sky . Me too . Are you even sure this will work ? Well . It 's Elise 's only shot . Her and all the others . We 've got a matching donor lined up . It 's still a big risk , but say the word and the liver 's on its way . Okay then . You want to close this deal ? Here 's the fine print ... You want Elise to go to school . It 's already done . I talked to Drandix . They 've agreed to open up a college fund in her name . - Sold . - Great . Your mom put them in a vase for me . She 's a very nice lady . They 're very pretty Shawn , but you didn 't have to . Well I wanted to . I hope Jordan 's not too upset . No . No . Hey . He 's probably too busy with his pet superstar . Devon . What are you doing thinking about Jordan and Chloe right now ? Hey . Hey . You have no idea how I feel about him . How deep it runs . I worship Jordan for everything he 's giving me . For allowing me to be so close to him . He took me to a place I never thought possible . Devon . Are you telling me that you and Jordan ? Jordan 's heart is full of love . He shares that love with me . It 's an honor . An honor that Chloe doesn 't deserve . She 's not a real student of Jordan 's . Billy ? God . What happened to you ? At the shop the other night . I got clipped by a car on the way out of the parking lot . But you were wearing your helmet , weren 't you ? Yeah . Doctors said it saved my life . How 'd you know that was going to happen to me ? Children 's intuition . I 'm glad you 're okay . Yeah . Me too . It 's a shame to lose you so soon . Sucks huh ? I thought my Atlanta dates were pushed . Now they 're threatening to sue if I don 't show . You 've made such progress in such a short period of time . Yeah . Believe me , that doesn 't happen very often . Well . I sure as hell hope not . You know me Jordan ... I like feeling special . You are . This was amazing . I can 't wait to get back here . Goodbye . Talk about a quick study . Third key status in less than a week huh ? Noblesse oblige Shawn . She benefits and so do we . It 's too bad all of the women that you screw don 't share the same benefits . That 's cheap and childish . I expect more of you . I know the feeling . I am so sorry , you two . - What 's wrong ? - It 's David . He just looked on the website for the 4400s . It said that you two were missing . That you hadn 't reported in the way you were supposed to . I heard him on the phone just now . He 's reporting you guys to the government . Sorry about that idiot David , man . I would have loved to have you two around . Thanks for putting us up . I can 't . Take it , man . Call it a down payment on your next house , wherever that may be . Hope you find a safe place . I thought it was here . Is my dad going to be all right ? Well . He 's going to be in intensive care for a while . But the transplant , it went well . Your dad 's a hero . I 'm going to tell him that when he wakes up . If you have something to say , now would be a good time . You know what ? You want to hand out keys like they 're junk mail , you be my guest . That woman will play to 20.000 people every night , wearing our insignia , promoting our image . Image ? How does nailing your secretary help our image , Jordan ? I 'm not perfect . I never pretended ... I don 't need perfection ! I just want you to stop giving me reason to think of you as some kind of hypocrite . When you 're running this place , Shawn , you can behave as nobly as you 'd like . Meaning what ? Meaning one day all of this will be yours . The paperwork 's been drawn up . The lawyers know what to do . Everything 's in place . But you 're not going anywhere ? Nevertheless . I sleep better , knowing my life 's work is in the hands of the ... the saintly , the unsullied Shawn Farrell . So we thought we had a cure for the world 's obesity problems . Yeah . And instead , we 've got two dead bodies , a hundred other people in recovery , and one corporation scrambling to cover its ass . It looks like the great 4400 gold rush is over . Making the point of this little exercise what , exactly ? Well , maybe they got it wrong . They thought they had a cure , but they didn 't . I mean , they 're from the future , but they 're still human beings , right ? Let 's not rush to judgment . We know rapid weight loss is the effect on the human body . But if the purpose of this protein is to provoke metabolic chemical change , it could have other applications . Like ... I don 't know - breaking down toxic waste . It could rid the ocean of pollutants . Maybe even restore in the ozone layer . So in other words , the possibilities are pretty much endless . That 's all they are right now though , possibilities . I mean we 're years away from practical use . But with his new liver , Appelbaum won 't be able to produce the chemical anymore . He doesn 't have to . Now that we 've got it isolated , we can reproduce it and find out what we 've really got here . So Trent earned his golden parachute after all . Maybe his daughter can study chemistry in college . Hey . All right . There won 't be any interruptions on my end . Is this a good time to talk ? Yeah . Okay . For getting me off the hook with the cops . Look , Kyle . I know you 're going to make mistakes . I did when I was your age . The only thing I ask is you let me help you learn from them . Makes sense . So I just need to know , you told me everything that happened that night , right ? Yeah .
