 Our sun is dying . Mankind faces extinction the Icarus Project sent a mission to restart the sun But that mission was lost before it reached the star and a crew of seven left Earth frozen in a solar winter Our payload a stellar bomb with the mass equivalent to Manhattan Island Our purpose to create a star within a star Eight astronauts strapped to the back of a bomb My bomb Welcome to Icarus II Icarus Dr Searle ? Please re-filter the Observation Room portal Dr Searle ? Down my how close is this to full brightness ? At this distance of 36 million miles you are observing the sun at 2 percent of full brightness Two percent ? Can you show me 4 percent ? Four percent would result in irreversible damage to your retinas you could observe 31 percent for a period of not longer than 30 seconds I 'm gonna reset the filter to 31 percent it 's invigorating It 's like taking a shower in light You lose yourself a little Like a flotation tank no beef ? Chicken you take my shift next time I ran sensory-deprivation trials Testing total darkness on flotation tanks you float in it You and the darkness are distinct from each other it 's a vacuum it envelops you It becomes you It 's very strange I don 't- - I recommend it is that you 're the psych officer and I 'm clearly a lot saner than you are Good I 'm going to The solar wind reading is much higher than we 'd anticipated at this distance For the moment we can still send package messages back High-frequency bursts will rise above interference and the Moon Stations will be able to pick them up But it 's possible that within 24 hours we won 't be able to communicate at all Possible ? Probable We 'll finally be on our own We 're 55 million miles from Earth I 'd say we 're already on our own guys We were expecting this No great drama We 're flying into the dead zone seven days sooner than we thought But if any of you are planning on sending a final message home you should do it now Mom and Dad I hope you 're proud of your son saving mankind and so on I 'll be in the dead zone It came a little sooner than we thought But this means that you won 't be able to send a message back So I just wanted to let you know that I don 't need the message Because I know everything you wanna say Just remember it takes eight minutes for light to travel from sun to Earth Which means you 'll know we 've succeeded about eight minutes after we deliver the payload All you have to do is look out for a little extra brightness in the sky and it 's a particularly beautiful day you 'll know we made it Okay I 'm signing out And I 'll see you in a couple of years will you ? Corazon Captain ? Captain ? I 'm guessing you 've been talking to Searle do you have that report for me ? Yeah Right here we 're over-producing It will trail off dramatically when we get nearer we have the reserves to make it there and a quarter-way back You 're thinking about Icarus I whatever it was that tripped them up I don 't think it was a lack of oxygen at any rate Fuck Fuck Mace Mace What are you doing ? Come on Fuck Relax Put it down You son of a bitch Fucker took an hour in there Stop the wind is too high all right ? Jesus report to Flight Deck What 's up ? We have an excess of manliness breaking out in the Comms Center So how does this work ? Am I supposed to tell you about my childhood ? I probably know more about your childhood than you do It 's the time you can get used to anything You just lose track I know I fucked up From now on I 'm not gonna lose track again Prescription Earth Room Two hours ? Mace Yeah Bring back the waves Dr Searle 's prescription specifies a peaceful module The waves make me feel peaceful Again I 'm sorry I should have let you go first all right ? All right Was that the apology ? Yeah Consider it accepted Okay It was a sequence of contact reports on the top-left shield quadrant had turned into a minor asteroid storm None bigger than a raindrop but we had 19 punctures and a secondary contact to the engine compartment Took three alpha shifts to patch it up Lost a little vapor Nothing serious I watched them hit us from the Observation Room it was- - It was beautiful it was- - It was beautiful Mace ? Yeah Your maintenance program allows a further 14 minutes for the mainframe panel to remain out of coolant tank Shit Guys you wanna see something ? I should have a few words to say but on reflection what can one say ? Ladies and gentlemen Mercury on the comms systems- - While listening to your space music ? I heard a transmission It appeared as we flew into the dark side of Mercury The iron content of the planet is acting as an antenna but the signal is clear enough please play audio file 7-5 / B Harvey End file What is it ? It 's the Icarus I That signal is their distress beacon Jesus That 's impossible It 's been seven years Clearly it 's not impossible because you can hear it They 're still alive ? We don 't know But they could be Oxygen is self-replenishing Water is recycled They have the solar power they need What about food ? Their supplies couldn 't last That depends They had stock to cover eight people for three years That 's a four-year shortfall Hell of a diet We don 't know what happened to Icarus I There might have been an accident There might not have been eight people to feed Capa That is the question Icarus Please plot our trajectory following the slingshot around Mercury captain Now plot the source of the Icarus I beacon Jesus They almost made it That 's why no one picked up the signal until now It was lost in the background light and noise We 're gonna pass right by them Within 10 or 15 thousand miles Can anyone survive ? If the shield is intact We 'll be able to see them ? Yes I 'd need to look at all of this pretty carefully Very carefully I 'd say we could adjust our trajectory We could fly straight to them But we 're not gonna do that there 's no way we 're gonna do that Do I have to spell it out for you ? We have a payload to deliver to the heart of our nearest star We 're doing it because that star is dying we die Everything dies So that is our mission There is nothing more important than completing our mission End of story He 's right He 's right Of course I 'm right Is anyone here seriously considering otherwise ? May I put a counter argument ? No Captain ? Go ahead of course be absurd to alter our trajectory to assist the crew of the Icarus I Even if we knew that some or even all of that crew are still alive their lives are expendable when seen in the context of our mission As are our own lives Exactly However there is something onboard the Icarus I that may be worth the detour we have a payload to deliver A payload Singular everything about the delivery and effectiveness of that payload is entirely theoretical Simply put we don 't know if it 's gonna work But what we do know is this we 'd have two chances You 're assuming we 'd be able to pilot Icarus I Yes Which is assuming that whatever stopped them wasn 't a fault or a damage to the spacecraft Yes It 's a lot of assumptions It is It 's a risk assessment The question is : Does the risk of a detour outweigh the benefits of an extra payload ? no we won 't We are not a democracy We 're a collection of astronauts and scientists So we 're gonna make the most informed decision available to us by any chance ? Made by the person best qualified to understand the complexities of a payload delivery Our physicist Shit run the math on the successful delivery of the payload payload delivery point reached Detach the payload Stellar bomb initiated and detached Crew and living section have four minutes to clear and commence homeward journey boosters automatically fire Payload boosters will automatically fire after four-minute delay Entering coronal hole in South Polar Cap Magnetic field structure open 000 Reliability of projection has dropped below 45 percent Remaining projection is not open to useful speculation Variables infinite Accuracy unknown That 's the problem right there Between the boosters and the gravity of the sun the velocity will be so great space and time will become smeared together everything will be unquantifiable You have to come down on one side or the other it 's a guess It 's like flipping a coin and asking me to decide whether it 'll be heads or tails And ? Heads We 've mined all Earth 's fissile materials for this bomb There 's not gonna be another payload The one we carry is our last chance Our last best hope Searle 's argument is sound Two last hopes are better than one That 's it Slingshot complete Icarus leaving Mercury orbit Hey Hey Good dream ? Let me guess The surface of the sun ? Only dream I ever have Every time I shut my eyes it 's always the same Maybe you should talk to Dr Searle about that See if he can help you out Maybe I just wanted to let you know I think you made the right decision Well Mace doesn 't and I 'm guessing Harvey and Trey don 't either Yeah but I do Get the alarm What 's going on ? I screwed up It 's not you It 's my responsibility cut to it I had to manually override Icarus So I made all the calculations myself And I doubleand triple-checked them They all worked out So I set the new coordinates and put us on our way What 's the problem ? The trajectory is wrong ? The trajectory is good But it changes our angle of approach to the sun by 11 degrees You didn 't reset the shields to the new angle Trey I forgot My head was full of velocities and fuel calculations and a million different- - all right ? People do shit They get stressed and fuck up I fucked up Trey we 're still alive A hole hasn 't burnt in the side of the ship 000-degree climate what 's the actual damage ? We don 't know Icarus tried to reset the shields independently when the alarm triggered But all the sensors up there are burned out So we have no idea of the state of the affected area Only way we 're gonna know is if we go out there Okay I 'll get suited up It 's a two-man job you 're not going anywhere I volunteer Fine I volunteer Capa Sure I 'll do it Okay Okay You 've done this a thousand times in Earth-orbit training Yeah You 're gonna be fine Okay ? Icarus I 'm gonna be taking control for a while Cassie I 'm gonna be cutting speed I 'm gonna rotate us so the damage is facing away from the sun Cassie we 're gonna lose comm towers three and four then we 're gonna need them to go home We 'll cross that bridge when we come to it I 'm gonna try and give them as much shadow as I can guys I 'm opening up Okay Helmet-cam operational Affirmative Good image helmet-cam fully operational Affirmative Exiting airlock with maintenance modules Moving down to investigate damaged area guys Nice and easy Nice and easy Copy please adjust shield to allow for rotation Cassie Establishing new alignment to sun Jesus That 's the temperature change on the shields The metal 's just contracting and expanding flyboy It sounds like she 's tearing apart Fatal damage to Comms Towers 3 and 4 Icarus Loss of towers 3 and 4 Cancel alarm Shut down sensor to Comms Tower 3 and 4 guys It 's pretty impressive Okay There are four damaged panels They 're about 300 meters out take it easy You 're going through your O2 pretty fast Cory That 's it Slow down the breathing Relaxed movement Approaching the first panel We were lucky Can you guys see this ? We can see it The hydraulics are burnt out Let 's get this closed Mace That 's it That 's the first one closed You can do it ? but- - Yeah We can do it Great job guys captain Moving to next panel Three to go Hey okay ? guys ? The ship 's moving We 're venting O2 Shit I think we 're venting O2 Resuming computer control of Icarus II Icarus Manual control Cassie Computer control Returning vessel to original rotation What ? override computer to manual control Negative Mission in jeopardy Override command statement to manual flight controls removed Icarus Negative State reason immediately Fire in oxygen garden No Seal oxygen feed Fireguard perimeter Sealing sector Sealing feed Seal sections five through nine Sealing five through nine get back to the airlock now Can 't Can 't leave upright panels The ship will burn up if the shields are not repaired They 're gonna die Don 't They 're gonna burn They are not pilot emergency command 0-0-0 Copy command 0-0-0 Second human confirmation required Copy Mace ? Mace ? Cassie Harvey confirm back-up 0-0-0 Override command confirmed Manual control returned No continue procedure What ? Captain Mace Crew priority is to protect the payload Get the fire out take control of the ship captain Damn it Returning vessel to original rotation Let me in Please Negative Door sealed by operating superior comms officer You motherfucker Let me in Hazard diagnostic complete Sprinkler system failing Fire will burn for six hours Sixty percent chance of containment failure Seventy-five percent chance of collateral damage to life-support systems What are we gonna do ? Flood it with O2 What ? It 'll cause a flashover Make it burn itself out We 'll lose the whole garden We already lost it I don 't know open the O2 tanks get the hell out of there Opening O2 tanks No Eighty-nine percent of shield in full sunlight go back I 'll finish this I can do this Go Capa returning to airlock Do you copy ? Capa returning to airlock Do you copy ? Capa Hurry Ninety-one percent of shield in full sunlight Ninety-four percent of shield in full sunlight Captain ? Captain ? I 'm at the edge of the shield Do you copy ? you must leave now Captain ? Ninety-seven percent of shield in full sunlight Final panel closing The shield is secure You have to move now it 's right on you Kaneda 's not gonna make it You have to move You have to move now It 's too far move Why isn 't he moving ? Kaneda What do you see ? tell our captain to move what can you see ? do you copy ? Kaneda ? Shield rotation complete The breakdown is as follows Trey is sedated in the Med Centre Dr Searle has diagnosed him as a suicide risk I don 't think any of us are about to question that diagnosis I am now the captain of Icarus II Thanks both to Kaneda our shields are intact As is the payload But the oxygen garden is totally destroyed a large amount of O2 was burned in the fire As it stands now we don 't have enough oxygen reserves to get us to our payload delivery point Let alone to survive the return journey So cancel the ticker-tape parade We now have no choice but to rendezvous with Icarus I If we 're gonna complete the mission the Icarus I is our only hope he made a mistake Cory ? Harvey said there 's not enough oxygen to get us to the delivery point But there is There just isn 't enough oxygen to get all of us there Are you suggesting we let Trey kill himself ? No And in any case Trey wouldn 't be enough We need to lose two more Three out of seven That 's a lot of short straws it 's me It 's different Being afraid that you won 't make it back home And then knowing that you won 't Our survival depends on what we can salvage from Icarus I No We 're gonna die out here Like the other crew I know it So do you Are you scared ? When the stellar bomb is triggered very little will happen at first And then a spark will pop into existence hovering in space And then it will split into two And those will split again and again and again Detonation beyond all imagining A big bang on a small scale A new star born out of a dying one I think it 'll be beautiful No I 'm not scared I am they 're waiting for you let 's go watch your step are you getting this on the feed ? Getting what ? The air It 's full of dust Human skin What ? Eighty percent of all dust is human skin Sorry No lights ? No No surprise Anyone afraid of the dark ? We should split up I 'm not sure that 's such a good idea probably right Might get picked off one at a time by aliens Icarus I is a big ship We can 't search it effectively in one group Okay You 're right see if you can 't get her to fly check the social area and the sleeping quarters aim for the payload I 'll check the garden guys everybody You gotta see this Seven years of unchecked growth Can you see this ? It 's an ecosystem working beautifully after all this time everybody It 's wonderful my God look at the ferns That 's strange Subsystems are fine Solar harvest is fine The ship should be running except I 'm getting nothing from the flight computer Got water Food No crew No bodies My God it 's so thick I am Pinbacker Commander of the Icarus I We have abandoned our mission Our star is dying All our science all our hopes are foolish In the face of this we are dust Nothing more we will return When he chooses for us to die It is not our place to challenge God that make sense to anyone ? Transmission code is six and a half years ago That would be after they entered the non-com zone That should be the time they were supposed to deliver the payload Payload is fully operational Capa ? The payload is fully operational It 's A-okay That 's great news Looks like we got what we came for we don 't Mace ? I know what caused the distress signal There 's a coolant failure of some kind The bottom line is it doesn 't matter that Capa has his payload we can 't fly It 's been sabotaged We should never have gone off the mission I have something to say Found the crew What happened ? They had an epiphany They saw the light They burned themselves No shit I suspect the observation filter is fully open we 'd join them Ashes to ashes Stardust to stardust Icarus ! Icarus Stabilizers now We have a major incident We are floating free from you we are floating free All crew back to the airlock Cassie The airlock has decoupled We don 't know why The locking system on Icarus I is totally ripped open I can hold our position but we aren 't gonna be able to dock again guys I can see it You 're losing atmosphere We 're screwed we 're not anyway What happened ? Airlock 's destroyed There 's only one suit Capa 's taking it Why Capa ? The rest of us are lower priority I 'm not a low priority You 're a comms officer on a ship that has no communication I am the captain The mission needs a captain to hold it together Capa 's the only person outside of Icarus who can operate the payload There is no choice there 's no choice for you I order you to remove that suit Get out of the suit That is a direct order when I 'm onboard Icarus II that I 'll do everything within my power- - To what ? Shuttle back with more suits ? The airlock is ripped in half how are we gonna re-pressurize ? Cassie Go Listen We can 't depressurize when we open the airlock right ? Right he 'll fire inside And so will we Without suits ? Get as close as you can You 'll have 20 meters to cover At minus 273 degrees Celsius It 's gonna be cold But we 'll make it Anyone got any better ideas ? Copy that Mace One problem The computer 's down One of us has to manually operate the seal From inside Shit You 're right one of us is staying behind I see I get it It 's me That 's what you 're all thinking ? Harvey It 's me You okay ? Capa We 're only stardust we 're lined up Everything 's set are you ready ? All right We only got one shot at this Cassie Are you ready ? Ready keep your eyes shut and exhale slowly Copy Let 's do it Crew detected in airlock Recommend sealing outer airlock door I lost Harvey I lost Harvey Harvey 's gone Crew detected in airlock Sealing outer airlock door Mace Just breathe Get my hand Get my hand Mace Capa ? breathe are you all right ? Yeah Yeah Let 's get you out of here Searle ? We 're leaving now We 're gonna complete the mission Searle We 're gonna go now We love you I 've been through Icarus 's activity file and I checked it Double-checked it Cory triple-checked it And it 's the same results she didn 't do it And there was no malfunction on the airlock hardware Which means the airlock was decoupled manually Cassie and I were on the Flight Deck And I was with Capa and Searle And I think we can all assume it wasn 't Harvey Which leaves one possibility Trey Trey is so doped up he can hardly walk or feed himself He sleeps for 23 hours a day And he blames himself for everything Why would he do it ? We don 't know The possibility remains that it was him and we gotta take that seriously By doping him up more ? This isn 't just about the possibility whether he sabotaged the airlock There is something else too we lost two breathers If Trey dies we 'll have the oxygen to make it to the delivery point At least now we know what happened on Icarus I Capa What are you trying to remind us of ? Our lost humanity ? I 'll do it I 'm not passing any bucks Do it how ? That 's between me and Trey We 'll have a vote this time Unanimous decision required So you know where I stand And me What are you asking ? That we weigh the life of one against the future of mankind ? Kill him Cassie ? No Cassie I know the argument I know the logic You 're saying you need my vote I 'm saying you can 't have it What do we do ? God Cassie You make it easy for him Somehow Find a kindness Trey Everybody get here now He cut his wrists He took responsibility All these deaths Kaneda Searle Harvey Trey None of them would have happened if you hadn 't diverted the mission What do you want me to say ? I don 't want you to say shit I just want you to know that this belongs here Fuck you Air is low We need to limit our exertions Capa ? Run an update on biometric signs for all crew Check oxygen consumption Checking Thank you Capa Yes ? You are dying All crew are dying We know we 're dying As long as we can live long enough to deliver the payload we 're okay with it warning You will not live long enough to deliver the payload Please clarify Twelve hours before crew will be unable to perform complex tasks Fourteen hours before crew will be unable to perform basic tasks Sixteen hours until death Journey time to delivery point : Nineteen hours Impossible Corazon was certain We have remaining oxygen to keep four crew alive Affirmative Four crew could survive on current reserves- - Trey is dead There are only four crew members Negative Corazon and me Five crew members Icarus ? Yes ? Who 's the fifth crew member ? Unknown Where is the fifth crew member ? In the Observation Room Are you an angel ? Has the time come ? I 've been waiting so long Who are you ? Who am I ? At the end of time a moment will come when just one man remains Then the moment will pass The man will be gone There will be nothing to show as if we were ever here but stardust alone with God Am I that man ? My God Pinbacker ? Not your God Mine Icarus Full sunlight Anyone my God Icarus ? you do not have authority to remove the mainframe panels from the coolant Please return the panels to the coolant I cannot locate your biometric signs Please identify yourself You gotta be kidding My God A baby A beautiful baby patch me through to Mace I have something wonderful to show him Or Cassie or Capa Icarus ? Don 't fight Don 't fight Mace ? Capa ? Is anyone else getting silence from Icarus ? Anybody ? Capa ? why are we in orbit ? Respond What ? Jesus Christ Capa ? Capa ? In the suit Use the hard link In the helmet Mace ? What the hell is going on ? Mace ? I can 't talk to Icarus Pinbacker is onboard He 's trying to stop the mission He 's trying to destroy the mission He 's insane listen I 'm locked in the airlock Jesus Christ The mainframe is out of the coolant The mechanism is disabled I can 't lower the mainframe panels please Icarus is gonna burn out Mace come in Come on Capa Capa Mace ? We 're in orbit The computer is down I don 't know if I can get her back online You have to break us out of orbit manually The only way to do that Capa ? Force the bomb into the sun Separate the payload You 'll have to get to the bomb and detonate manually do you copy ? Unlock the airlock just do it Just do it Okay I 'm gonna do this Mace Copy Capa My leg God Capa Do it Mace Come on Only dream I ever have Is it the surface of the sun ? Every time I shut my eyes it 's always the same Cassie ? Cassie ? We 're flying into the sun there 's not much time I need to know Where is he ? Is he here ? For seven years I spoke with God He told me to take us all to heaven No Finish it Let 's say 25 Set at 25 Please Please sis Kiss the kids come on It 's time So if you wake up one morning you 'll know we made it Okay I 'm signing out Subtitles ßy MühàmmáÐ Ü § mâñ
