 who 's been taking care of your dogs ? A next door neighbor watching after both dogs for three weeks and I 'm headed home for a month Thanks Dinner comes to 695 I didn 't charge you for the coffee Thanks See you on the way back through ? Yep I should 've known it 'd take more than a power outage to keep you from working all night that 's all and you 'll work better I thought the deal was that I move back here to take care of you So did I I 'm not sure how much you can take care of me You know that I have two generators I thought it 'd be too noisy I didn 't want to wake you So what do you got there ? this ? it 's a newsletter from the reservation Sorry All out of gas refueling tanker was supposed to be here last night Not sure when he 's gonna show up Michigan I 'm just passing through Um The tanker you 're probably talking about is what I seen about 25 miles back It seems to have blown up Bad accident I think we got a problem here I 'm calling the sheriff blocking the entire road Is there any other way out of here ? Only way up is the 15 it 's at least another 150 miles to the next town actually this is a highperformance vehicle I have here Nigga can 't make it no 173 miles I ain 't got enough gas right ? This is not the city I need help bad and it 's probably been a long time since you 've seen a hundred dollar bill around this place anything Just get me the fuck outta here Let him go ! Let him go ! Annie ? Yeah ? Hello ? I 'm here Just got a call from a couple of Rob Horn 's men Looks like a truck crashed down near Hack Creek Probably what caused the power outage Power What time is it ? 6 : 48 a m Hack Creek Um right ? Yeah All right I 'm heading down there right now you sound kind of I 'm fine 6 : 48 's early for me I was just offering to check it out myself remember ? At least through this week anyway All right Then I 'll meet you down there I 'll meet you down there Whoa ! Annie Oakley your humble deputy I 'm gonna shoot you I suppose startling a woman with a gun ain 't the smartest thing to do I wouldn 't shoot you for that I will shoot you if you keep calling me Annie Oakley What the hell is that ? I 'm not sure I wonder what he 's doing down here Maybe Nodin can help us out with this thing That was quick it was important did you ? Of course not What do you have ? You say you found this at the crash site ? Stuck behind the grill of the tanker Must 've come off whatever he hit Yeah Whatever that was I 've never seen anything like it lI was hoping you could be a little more specific best I can do is I 'll run a generic zoo blood on it Thanks don 't get your hopes up It may come back with only basic information species you have here That 's a start Hey What happened to the driver ? Didn 't find one Annie Everything okay ? what ? you came to see my granddaughter about something yeah I 'm I just wanted her thoughts on really Any idea when we 're going to get power restored ? I 'm going to run out of diesel for my gennie I 'm looking into it Why don 't you hate me ? you never you never even seemed angry You and Nodin I 'd understand if you did I 've been around a long time I 've seen a lot of both hate and anger Some might think it 's a natural reaction neither have led to retribution you out there ? Yep Busy day Looks like a wolf ate a couple of Rob Horn 's cattle last night He wants to talk to you Perfect Thanks There There it is you 'll be paid Annie including them calves there and you know it Government 's maxing out at a thousand per head 500 for each calf if you 're lucky but you 're aiming your anger at the wrong person I don 't write the law get on out to those troughs and make sure they 're full Mr Horn so we may need to do it by hand Annie Put up with a lot from you ever since over the last year I even stood up for you a time or two myself This job 's a hell of an opportunity for somebody your age You better be understanding you work for us You need to be going to bat for us around here That 's your damn job At least till the town meeting next week and I know you ain 't so drunk you don 't know what I 'm saying Thanks for giving me that much credit It means a lot coming from you I 'm going to kill you Ally Bitch ? I 'm moving all the way out to Hollywood so you can try and become the next Julia Roberts All I 'm asking is for you to navigate okay ? The Web site said this is the fastest way to California I don 't know what happened 125 miles since we 've seen a road sign for that matter How 's that for your sign of life ? Pull over Pull over Looks like engine trouble Really ? Ain 't that a thing ? I just came up with the same diagnosis myself You must be a mechanic Don 't worry He ain 't going nowhere I know Got anyplace cool to keep this ? Put it in the corner What about the gas ? Is it coming soon ? Not sure Grandpa okay ? Comfortable back there ? Could 've been worse I hope you don 't need fuel What do you mean ? It means you 're trapped You 're welcome to stay here tonight Welcome to the party Heard Horn lost another one of his cattle today Yep Sheriff Carla We can 't be having our livelihood jeopardized 'cause of some damn wolves Someone 's gotta start standing up for our rights around here How 's it going ? It 's going You know what would be a good start ? If we got a real law person in here instead of some drunk woman Don 't pay any attention to them fools There 's plenty of us who know you 're good for this town Horn 's cattle are already the talk of the town It seems so I wonder if she 's taken out any little Indian girls today don 't make me ask you to leave Rob Horn looking for Sheriff Flynn Over Another cow gone missing Somebody 's ears must be burning Want to talk to him ? Do I have a choice ? boss and I 'll be there before dark Sheriff Curtis ? You coming to the town meeting ? Yep I 'll be there Carla right ? Yep So I 'm still the sheriff today ? Yep right ? I reckon so Don 't know why you stick up for her Because she 's decent people Carla ? I doubt the parents of that little girl would agree with you on that one Hunter 's at first hi Can I help you ? Yeah Is Nodin home ? a cop So when 's the road gonna be opened back up ? We should have it cleared by sometime tomorrow yeah Nodin she 's down the hallway in the greenhouse Come in Thanks Annie Think you can give me a hand here ? sure What do you need ? then we 'll move it over to that table there All right All right Thank you Sure Wow You need You need all this stuff just to make a pot We don 't look at it as just making a pot Creating pottery is about a connection with Mother Earth and our sounds and everything around us It 's a gift from our people We look at it as we would an individual 's life So why don 't we flip a coin for the couch tonight ? Maybe we should just wrestle for it Wrestle ? Yeah Tough guy I haven 't wrestled in a while I 'm tough You are ? Let 's see We take the clay take away any impurities and add what is needed to strengthen it Only then can it be made into something beautiful and useful But there is an ugliness that comes from the earth as well A kind that can never be made into anything beautiful Come in There 's something I want you to see I don 't want to wake up Grandpa Grandpa 's a little pussy Yeah we classify all living things under five kingdoms : plant animal This polygenic dye is designed to attach itself to DNA from any of the five kingdoms No ! Take a look There 's a different colored marker assigned to each of the five kingdoms The one that you 're seeing there is the animal kingdom So you 're an animal So what ? and it 's coming up clear Nothing The dye won 't bind to it uha novel life form And what the hell are you saying ? I 'm saying this thing is a bona fide unnatural organism Harlan ? Too drunk to drive Curtis ? I can Harlan ? shit ! come on ! Come on ! God ! Kale I was right We were right They didn 't die because of the drought I will The interior of this thing is lined with them What are they ? I 'm not sure But look what happens when I add the dye Whoa The dye seems to be indicating that there 's DNA from each of the five kingdoms encased inside those little chambers DNA What kind of animal carries around I 'm probably wrong You really should take this thing to a proper lab I 've studied plant DNA It justdoesn 't make sense The test is pretty straightforward Strange Shower I have one of those Haven 't had one of those in a while We 've been driving for a long time yeah What 's going on ? thought you were a coyote rummaging around in the trash be getting inside now Okay Um go to bed Good night Good night excuse me I don 't know you know God ! What is that ? Fuck ! my God ! What happened to her ? Get down ! Where 's your gun ? Close both sides Kale ! She already saw it ! shit ! What 's going on ? Hit the lights ! The roof ! The roof ! There ! There ! There ! Shoot that fucking thing ! Where is she going ? Where is she going ? Fuck ! Shit ! Gun is jammed Grandpa ! Get them out of here ! Go ! Grandpa ! Let go ! Get go of her ! Get out of here ! Go ! Go ! Get to your car ! Get back ! Come on Follow me Get in I got her go ! to the left ! Shit Is that it ? Is the thing dead or what ? we 're not We 'll be fine We 're close enough to walk What are we doing ? Where are we going ? What the hell was that thing ? What is going on ? I don 't know what 's going on I don 't know what that thing was We 've got to keep going too Now let 's move Where are we going ? There 's a guy up here who might be able to help us too we will get to the bottom of this son I think you ought to consider throwing your hat in the ring I believe you 've got the makings of a damn fine sheriff I 'd be lucky to be half the sheriff Annie is Sorry to hear you got such a low opinion of yourself Stay here What the hell ? my God I hope this ain 't the guy that 's going to help us out We might as well be waiting on Tupac Where are we ? We made it out We 're okay Grandpa ? Nodin Is Kale here ? Not unless he 's in there it look real safe in here Real safe A kiva What ? An ancient burial room you come with me The rest of you stay there Holy shit I guess we know what Kale 's been doing down here This is the thing that killed my grandfather What the hell are they doing down there ? Stay here and keep an eye out He was right It wasn 't a drought What ? The Anasazi They lived in these parts about 900 years ago Then they seemingly just vanished Vanished ? Most historians believe it was because of a drought Thisshows a tribe in their daytoday life And here we have what appears to be that thing showing up one day What 's that ? Caya ! Everybody quiet I 'll untie them Everyone is right You are crazy My grandfather died ! Your grandfather wanted to know the truth What truth ? The kind of truth you get when given a voice for an entire race of people that were wiped off the face of the earth The Anasazi were your ancestors I thought you 'd care more to see their lives were given some kind of resolution Get up Over here now Now Read it They said he came from the sky A god They worshiped him until he turned on them too but I was right you weren 't What ? Annie retrieved a piece of this thing from the crash site I found it in the grill of a truck I found a series of tiny chambers inside that contained all sorts of DNA from the surrounding area Plant species that had been extinct for centuries This thing isn 't a god It 's some advanced civilization 's scientific probe sent here to gather DNA The strange thing is is that in lived in peace like a survivor mechanism had been tripped Nearly annihilated the entire tribe until whoever drew these petroglyphs made a poison to stop it And now it 's back from the dead ? It was never dead The poison it put it in a sort of suspended animation The creature 's skin developed some kind of compound that bonded with its cell protein that acted like a protective chest For 900 years Like brine shrimp Your grandfather His translation said there was an extract from the sunami plant that helped make that poison He was still deciphering the process I need you to finish his work killing this thing is going to fulfill some sort of destiny that you think has been bestowed upon you and that 's the safety of these people So you 're going to give me the keys to your SUV so that I can get them out of here No keys Get up ! You 're going to give me the keys to the truck Am I ? Right now Over there I keep everything over there Hey ! The car keys behind the rock Sheriff ? I think I see something Wait a sec God Hold on fuck my God ! my God ! You son of a bitch ! no ! No ! No ! No ! Step out of the way ! Shoot the son of a bitch ! Put the gun down I 'm the only one who 'll know what she needs What the hell 's that supposed to mean ? Antivenom clock 's ticking Okay We 'll sit you down right here It 's okay Help me Help me get her down Here I need some room there right away keep her calm ! okay Keep her calm It 's okay It 's okay She 's been hit with a baby rattler A lot of venom okay ? Hey ! What 's going on ? Looks like you 're going to have to finish your grandfather 's work Great Why don 't you start removing the spine so we can soak them in that bucket of lighter fluid ? Lighter fluid ? It was the only thing I could find around here to remove the lipid content from these things Lipid content Big word Should 've guessed huh ? Kale You got what you needed out of us Why don 't you fly Caya here to Rio Vista and bring back some help to get the rest of us out of here ? I knew it I told you this asshole ain 't going to get us out of here She needs medical attention Really ? Here Fuck this and I 'm taking it as far as it 'll take me Fuck all you crazy motherfuckers No one 's taking my truck anywhere Christ ! Fucking maniac ! go ! Let 's go ! Come on ! Move it ! Let 's go ! In the cave ! Come on ! Where 's Nodin ? She was right behind me I don 't know Shit ! [ creature growls ] Come on Run ! Move it now ! Get them to the SUV I 'm with you Get her out of here I 'll be right behind you I 'll be right behind you Get them out of here ! Come on ! Move ! What about Charlie ? It 's too late for him ! Give me the keys ! Give me the keys ! Come on Over there Rob Horn 's ranch He 'll have fuel Let 's go my God ! Luis ! Rob ! Rob Horn ! Y 'all better not have brought that creature back with you ! Where 's Luis ? Oh He must 've crawled out of the barn after that thing got him I brought him down here so he could be with me He had these weird things attached to his body I caught one of them The little bastard 's dead It ain 't moved since about 10 minutes after I put it in here darling That Montrachet 's 300 bucks a bottle These tiny organisms must carry some kind of venom that produces paralysis Maybe some kind of predigestive system Maybe both Seems as if they liquefy the internal organs everything I saw what it did to the cattle and that trucker It was this close to me inches away and then it just took off Why didn 't it kill me like the others ? It sensed the poison Then why didn 't your darts work ? Let 's go find the others What did you get ? Follow me They grounded the plants here Uranium Uranium is the catalyst that makes the poison work they were combining it with radioactive uranium It wasn 't described in the drawings because they had no idea it was part of the process Uranium This old cave is a uranium mine I 've got tools to extract uranium back at my lab it 's still intact I ain 't sure why that thing keeps coming back here Probably Probably ' cause it always found food here then the men No one got out ? We all come up from the big house in one truck took her out Left us all stranded here to fight for our damn lives There 's no vehicle to get us out of here ? The only thing I got 's parked down at that old wooden barn at the end of the road It ain 't been driven in more than a year So the battery 's dead She ain 't going nowhere We got a battery I got bit by a rattler one time don 't it ? Yeah Shouldn 't she be back by now ? Yeah she 'd move a little quicker What 's that supposed to mean ? It means the sheriff moonlights as the town drunk Pretty much Caya You ain 't seen her hands shake ? Her hands shake harder than a $ 40 hooker shakes her ass You 're a jerk and she 's out there alone too I got it There 's aThere 's a gennie just outside that door Okay We got it Take this That 's good Here Plug it in I 'd never been happier to be anywhere It was like I was in a place that I finally belonged Been wanting a job like this in a place like this as long as I can remember ain 't it ? but it only takes a second a split second for you to do something and take it all away but it never seemed to square up right to me that you had to take that hit for that little girl 's death Annie You 're a tough little broad I guess I underestimated you Rob ? no This ain 't no apology I still think your head 's too deep in the bottle to be sheriff I will vote your ass out Let 's just hope there 's still a town to have a meeting about Start the engine ! Stop pumping the gas ! You 're flooding the engine ! Son of a bitch ! you fuck ! Hit it ! What ? Hit it ! Let 's get the fuck out of here ! What about the others ? Fuck the others ! What about us ? Shit ! Let 's go Rob ! Let 's go You 're alive are you okay ? Where 's Annie ? Get out of here ! go ! Let 's go ! Come on ! Come on ! Come with me ! It will work this time What are you doing ? Here This will protect you Wait here No ! fuck ! we got a call : 1031 with a child involved just inside the reservation Up against the car ! Daddy ! Daddy ! Hands behind your head ! this is on tribal land We are not authorized to interfere Hands behind your back ! Let him go ! Let him go ! Let go of my kid ! Let go of my kid ! Let him go ! Stay back ! Let him go ! Up against the car ! understanding you work for us taken out any little Indian girls today Why don 't you hate me ? a real law person in here instead of some drunk woman Let go of my kid ! Subtitles ßy MühàmmáÐ Ü § mâñ
