 ( dark , ominous , pulsing music plays ) # # ( electronic blipping ) ( computer beeps ) ( blipping ) ( ominous , pulsing music continuing ) MAN 1 ( over radio ) : At GCC Northeast , we have the largest cellular network in the five state ... MAN 2 ( over radio ) : Join the fun at Mondo Net . You get instant access to your friends ... - ( woman speaking indistinctly ) - ( man speaking indistinctly ) - ( electrical crackling ) - ( overlapping voices chattering ) ( computer chirping ) ( chattering continuing ) WOMAN ( over radio ) : our coast-to-coast connectivity ... MAN 1 ( over radio ) : ... important conversations ... MAN 2 ( over radio ) : Set your spirit free with ... WOMAN ( over radio ) : ... services , 24 hours a day ... MAN ( over radio ) : now you can be at your computer anywhere on our network ... ( blipping ) - ( electrical crackling ) - ( computer chirping ) ( voices chattering indistinctly ) ( computer chirping , beeping ) ( electrical crackling ) ( overlapping , indistinct voices continue ) MAN ( over radio ) : has nothing to do with me , okay ? ( multiple , overlapping conversations continue ) ( overlapping voices increase in volume and intensity ) ( pulsing music crescendos into a deep buzz ) ( electrical crackle ) ( muffled , indistinct conversations ) ( laughter ) ( ominous music plays ) # # ( computer beeps ) ( keys jangle ) Are you okay ? Yeah . Fine . I 'm fine . ( elevator bell dings ) # # ( elevator bell dings ) ( cart clatters , wheels squeak ) ( suspenseful music plays ) ( doors clank shut , echoing ) # # Zeigler ? ( gasps ) Zeigler ? ( books thudding ) Excuse me . ( cart creaking , wheels squeaking ) Zeigler ! - ( electrical buzzing , crackling ) - ( gasps ) ( wheels squeaking ) - ( thudding ) - ( gasps ) Zeig ? ( thuds ) Zeigler ? ( suspenseful music crescendos ) ( yelling ) # # ( screaming ) ( rock music plays ) ( indistinct conversations ) YOUNG MAN : My boy hooked me up , okay ? I mean , I 'm talking , now , free passwords to , like , over 100 sites . So we 're talking ... Thank you ... horny coeds , Japanese girls in bondage and ... what ... granny trannys ... Okay , you did not just say that . I never looked at ' em . Okay ? I 'm just saying , I have the passwords ... - He totally looked . - You know he did . I call it having access to information . It 's called having a girlfriend , Stone . You should check it out . - Damn ! - Wow , that 's harsh . BLONDE WOMAN : Sorry . Shrink in training ... I gotta tell it like it is . - Ha ! - ( phone vibrates ) Tim ! I 'm right here . ( laughing ) : What ? Mm ! Check this out . - Oh , he 's cute . - Oh , yeah . Scroll down ... ( laughs ) BOTH : Gay ! Absolutely . What ? ! It 's a boy-toy , who saw your name is Izzie and thought you was a guy . ( scoffs ) You need to stop hatin ' . - Oh , I 'm hatin ' ? - Yeah . - ( phone vibrates ) - Tim ? ! What ? ! It 's not me ! I swear ! ( phone beeps ) Okay , who we shutting down ? No one . No , I just ... thought Josh might call . He 's been avoiding me for over a week . Our relationship has been reduced to text-messaging . How tragic is that ? Okay , Mattie , come on . I know ... I know . I guess I 'm still hoping he 'll just ... figure it out . You need to let go , okay ? You guys have been breaking up way longer than you hooked up . If he can 't recognize that you got it going on , then ... you don 't need to be involved with him . Besides , look , it 's raining men right now . Right , guys ? Yo . Ready to dance ? We could do that . That 's what I 'm talking about . - Come on . - No . - Come on ! - Come on . Have you seen me dance ? It 's not pretty . ( laughing ) ( music playing inside ) Good night . ( door closes ) ( ominous music plays ) - Hey ! - ( gasps ) Don 't ... do that . Oh . Sorry . I wanted out of there . Thought I 'd walk with you . You live the other way . I 'll take the spiral route . Plus , you know , single guy , walking alone , late at night ... Well , thanks . I 'm good from here . See you tomorrow ? Sure . Okay . Bye . ( door creaks ) ( keys jangle ) ( answering machine beeps ) ELECTRONIC VOICE : You have two new messages . First message , 9 : 37 P.M. WOMAN : Mattie , it 's Mom . This is call number three , honey . I know you 're busy , but call me back , okay ? I miss you . ( beep ) ELECTRONIC VOICE : Next message , 10 : 47 P.M. YOUNG MAN : Mattie , it 's Josh . Um ... Never mind . ( click , then dial tone ) ( keypad beeping ) ( line ringing ) ( phone ringing ) ( over voice-mail ) : This is Josh . I 'm not here right now . Leave a message . - ( tone beeps ) - Josh , it 's Mattie . Pick up . You haven 't returned one of my calls , - ( electrical crackling ) - and now ... what 's with the weird message ? ( electrical crackling ) ( phone beeps off ) ( sighs softly ) ( quiet , melancholy theme plays ) Hey , Iz , are you here ? ( phone vibrating ) ( phone beeps ) ( chuckles quietly ) ( snoring softly ) Ugh ... - ( bottles clank ) - ( computer beeps ) - ( computer beeps ) - ( Izzie humming quietly ) ( alarm blaring ) ( rock music plays ) You know you have to get up . You have class . - # Tell me ... # - ( Izzie groans ) # Where I stand # Get up ! Now ! # Tell me # # You better , ooh # # To light the way ... # PROFESSOR : Of course there are other kinds of stalking . There is public stalking . There is cyber stalking . Each with its own set of behaviors . What I want to talk about now ... is stalking , the pathological mind ... ( chalk scraping board ) ... and the other . - Now , the pathological mind ... - ( door opening ) ( door slams ) The pathological mind can only satisfy its need for the other by consuming the other ; leading , once again , to great need , and , of course , the cycle begins again . - ( phone buzzes ) - Now , what I 'd like you to do Friday , in preparation for the midterm , is write an essay on what we 've spoken about today , including in it ritual ... IZZIE : Come on , Mattie , you know you 're gonna have fun . Chill out , relax . Have a drink . - Yeah , but ... - You 're gonna come . We 're gonna hang out . We need this , okay ? I 'm gonna call you right back . Damn . Y 'all look good . ( Izzie chuckles ) A 'ight . Check this out . I got all the new joint ... Actually , these last four , y 'all have already . And then , these five , right here , won 't even be out for another month . Plus , I have some other ones here ... Yeah . You know , you should just save us a few little tax dollars and drive yourself to jail right now . Can I use your car ? And don 't forget , I gotta take you with me because you did buy some of the stuff . Oh , and your boy Josh ... genius ! For every minute I use on my cellphone , I get credited for two . - It 's a beautiful thing . - ( phone rings ) Excuse me for one second . What 's up ? All right , we 're going to lunch , right ? Uh , actually , I 'm gonna hang here for a bit . But I 'll call you . Okay . Um ... I 'm gonna see you later then ? Maybe . ( quiet , ominous theme plays ) ( siren wails in distance ) ( knocking ) ( doorbell buzzes ) ( buzzing ) ( lock clicks , door creaks ) Josh ? ( door creaks ) Josh , it 's Mattie . - ( computer beeping faintly ) - Josh ? ( computer beeping , whirring ) ( ominous tones playing ) ( siren wails in distance ) ( creaking ) ( dripping ) Oh , shit ! ( grunts ) Josh . Hey . ( computer beeping , whirring ) MATTIE : Why don 't you answer my calls ? Everyone is worried about you . Stay here . All right ? ( muffled mewling ) ( door creaks ) ( weak mewing ) Oh , my ... Josh ! ( clattering ) Josh ? Oh , my God . ( indistinct police radio communication ) ( quiet , melancholy theme plays ) ( keypad beeping ) - ( line ringing ) - ( sniffles ) WOMAN : Hello , this is Louise Webber . Leave your name and message and I 'll get back to you . ( beep ) Hey , Mom . Tag , you 're it . Hey , call me as soon as you get this , okay ? Something happened . ( sniffles ) I 'll just tell you about it when you call , okay ? ( voice breaking ) : I love you . ( phone beeps off ) ( sniffling ) - MATTIE ( dreamlike ) : Josh . - JOSH ( dreamlike ) : Mattie ... - MATTIE : Are you there ? - ( loud , distorted drip ) JOSH ( distorted ) : I 'm not me anymore . Something 's wrong with me . ( Mattie screaming ) ( gasping ) MAN : I know it 's very difficult for us to talk about loss . So many conflicting emotions involved . This might sound pat to you , but it is okay to cry , Mattie . I have . You have ? What , five minutes , is that all I get , Mattie ? I 'm wasting your time . You 're not wasting my time . You 're wasting mine . You 're angry . That 's normal . Actually , I 'm just late for class . You loved him , didn 't you ? And you think it 's something that you did that might 've caused this . The only person I blame ... is Josh . You sure about this ? ( crying ) : Fuck ... Come on . ( sobbing ) Talk . I don 't know why I didn 't see the signs . I should 've been there ; done something . Sometimes , there aren 't any signs . This was an intensely lonely young man . More than you can ever know . He was very skilled at hiding his loneliness . And when he couldn 't hide it anymore , he hid himself . Have you ever felt that kind of loneliness ? Hmm ? ( sniffles , chuckles ) Don 't worry . I read your book . I 'm not a suicide risk . You psych students , you all have a tendency to resist self-analysis . Don 't . Don 't avoid your fears . Confront them . You can keep your emotions down for a while , but somehow , some way , they will come out ; and they will be even more painful and more destructive . Do you understand that ? Hey . You good ? IZZIE : Everything 's going to be okay . ( computer chimes ) ( computer chimes ) ( computer chimes ) ( computer chimes ) ( computer chiming ) TIM : It has to be a virus . I mean , his computer is probably still logged on . It 's just hitting his address book . They said , " Help me . " Yeah , but viruses always have some important-sounding shit . I mean , just the other day , I got one that said , " Urgent , Stone . Read me now . " I mean , that 's a natural occurrence . - It happens all the time ... - That was from me , you idiot . Damn . That was pretty strong . Well , someone should at least log Josh 's computer off . I 'd do it , but I don 't want to go back over there . All right , I 'll go . Thanks . ( Latin dance music plays ) ( music cuts off as engine stops ) ( bird caws ) ( ominous , rumbling tones playing ) ( doorknob rattling ) ( window creaks ) # # ( thud ) ( Stone groans ) ( mutters ) : Yeah ... ( sirens wail in distance ) # # # # # # # # # # ( low , distorted murmuring ) ( raspy voice speaks indistinctly ) # # ( sudden thud ) ( eerie , suspenseful music plays ) ( electrical crackling ) ( eerie tones intensifying ) ( ripping , cracking ) ( panting ) ( scream echoes ) MATTIE : There was something so strange about him when I went over there ... like he wasn 't himself . But he really wasn 't . It ... It was like looking at a different person . Why did he do it ? I don 't know . And I think that 's what 's driving me crazy ... that I didn 't see it coming . None of us did , okay ? You know , it 's not all on you . Are you still getting those messages ? Yeah . What 's the deal ? Did Stone not get over there ? You know , he didn 't even show up to class today . I haven 't spoken to him . ( phone ringing ) ( ringing ) ( ringing ) ( phone beeps on ) Hello ? MATTIE : Hey , Stone . Hey , Izzie . It 's Mattie . What 's up , Mattie ? Are you still getting those messages from Josh ? I haven 't signed on . I 've just been kind of leaving my computer alone . MATTIE : Did you log off Josh 's computer ? MATTIE : Did you turn it off ? Are you okay ? STONE : I just been kind of down , you know ? Yeah , I know . We all are . ( phone beeps off ) ( crying , whimpering ) ( dog barking in distance ) ( ominous , eerie tones playing ) MATTIE : Oh , my God . - ( doorknob rattling ) - ( gasps ) ( gasps ) You here to see the apartment ? Well , take a look . New paint . Gonna have new carpet . You won 't beat the rent . Mm-mm ! The guy who lived here was a friend of mine . I need his computer . Computer ? What 'd you do with it ? I don 't know nothing about no computer . His computer was right over there , with all the rest of his stuff . Girl , you better get out of my face or I 'm calling the police . Why don 't I call the police ? - ( keypad beeping ) - All right . All right ! Don 't get crazy . ( sighs ) For two months , that boy lived here - and didn 't pay his rent . - You sold it ? ! For two months ... what was I supposed to do ? Who did you sell it to ? Mm-hmm ! ( muttering ) : Dead cats , and he done killed himself , and here , now , you come here bugging me about a damn computer . You tell him he still owe me a hundred bucks . The bank didn 't take his raggedy-ass check . ( grunts ) Dexter McCarthy . What , it bounced ? I guess that doesn 't really matter , since you bought a stolen computer . She seemed pretty honest to me . Why are you e-mailing me ? E-mailing you ? I don 't even know who you are . That computer belonged to someone I know . You found his password . Now you 're messing with the people in his address book ? That 's a really shitty thing to do . Really ? Come here . ( scoffs ) MATTIE : That 's not possible . I have a procrastination problem . It hasn 't been plugged in ... since you bought it ? No . Look , stolen or not , the thing cost me 400 bucks ... you want to get me a refund ? Your boyfriend can have his computer back . Keep it . He doesn 't need it anymore . He 's dead . Classic . ( lid slams ) ( ominous tones playing ) ( switch clicks ) ( computer beeps , static hisses ) ( crackling ) ( crackling ) ( computer blips off ) What 's that ? It 's from Josh . This is his handwriting . IZZIE : When was it sent ? Seventeenth . That 's two days before he died . ( ominous tones playing ) TIM : Keeps what out ? He obviously went nuts , that 's all . What about Stone ? What about him ? Wait , what 's up with Stone ? He didn 't sound like himself . I can 't explain it . Kinda got the same feeling . The same feeling as what ? As when I was at Josh 's . WOMAN ( on TV ) : Later on in this broadcast , we 'll show how you and your family can stay healthy and germ-free at home and in the workplace . And here 's Skip Warren with a late-breaking story . A spokesman for the County Health Department is calling a recent cluster of suicides in the city " tragic and very unfortunate , " and he added that there 's no evidence to suggest that they are connected in any way . DEXTER : Hey . Go on . It 's okay . Okay . Go ahead , I got it . How well did you actually know this guy ? - Why ? - ' Cause he was into some scary shit . Can I show you something ? ( keyboard clacking ) What are we looking for ? You 'll see . So , your friend , was it an accident ? No . Then what was it ? I 'm not sure . ( computer blipping ) I thought it was just looping the same clips over and over again , but it 's not . They don 't always do the same thing . It 's some kind of Web-cam feed . ( static crackles ) Ah , Bag Man . Watch . Every time he tries to take it off , the image just cuts ... it goes right back to the beginning . How did this get on there ? All I did was plug it in . How long have you been watching this ? No , I think the question is , is how long have they been watching me ? ( intermittent static ) - ( phone rings ) - Damn it . Yeah ? Look , look , man ... ( continues indistinctly ) ( distorted , staticky voice ) Turn it off . Turn it off ! Turn it off . I can 't believe you showed me that . It was your friend 's computer . Did he get off on the stuff ? Was he shooting those videos and selling them on-line ? What was he doing ? Josh tied a phone cord around his neck and hanged himself ... that 's what he was doing . Mattie ... Mattie , don 't you think that your friend having the video feeds and then doing what he did is not a coincidence ? And if those people , if what they 're doing , if it 's real , - if they 're all dead ... - You know what I think ? I think , no matter what ... Josh is still gonna be gone . I think you need to go back upstairs and erase his hard drive . I tried . It won 't let me . ( crying ) : I need to move on . I 'm sorry . ( grunts ) Don 't you want to know why ? ( quiet , eerie theme playing ) # # ( horn honking ) ( honking ) ( tires squeal ) ( gasps ) # # ( keypad beeping ) ( line ringing ) Hello , this is Louise Webber . Leave your name and message and I 'll get back ... ( birds cawing in distance ) - ( girl screaming ) - Oh ! ( thud , cracking ) ( slow , melancholy theme plays ) # # ( exhales ) MATTIE : Josh ? Josh , it 's Mattie . - JOSH ( distorted ) : Mattie . - ( electrical crackle ) MATTIE ( echoing ) : Are you there ? JOSH ( distorted ) : I feel all alone . MATTIE : Josh ? ( wind whistling ) MATTIE : Josh . JOSH : Something is wrong with me . ( screeching ) ( gasping ) ( ominous theme playing ) ( splashing ) ( screams ) ( panting softly ) MATTIE : I have seen two people kill themselves . My psych professor stepped out in front of a moving bus . All in the last week . Have you walked around campus lately ? Every classroom is half-empty and no one is talking about it . Something is following me . It 's in my dreams . - I saw it on the bus . - Come on , Mattie , do you honestly feel there are ghosts of some kind walking around out there ? I don 't know . But something is wrong . You 're a very smart young woman . I want you to add this up for me . A flu epidemic breaks out . People are in a weakened state ; they 're fearful of each other . And then add a trigger event : this coincidental clustering of suicides . The e-mail rumor mill goes into overdrive , and suddenly people are seeing strange things in the shadows ? I 'm not imagining this ! Why do you think you came here again ? It certainly isn 't because you thought that I would agree with you . You knew what my response would be ; you knew that you needed to hear it . You can 't articulate what you think is going on out there , Mattie , because it isn 't real . So what am I supposed to do ? Just ignore everything I 'm feeling ? No . No . You have to face what you think is happening out there . You have to stand ground , take a good , long look , and you 'll see it 's not there . ( static crackling ) ( quiet , eerie tones playing ) # # # # # # # # ( crackling , clicking ) ( static crackles ) ( faint , distorted voice ) ( door creaks open ) ( stall door clacks ) ( soft gasp ) ( amplified , echoed drip ) ( soft scratching ) - ( indistinct , distorted voice ) - ( fingernails screech ) ( door creaks ) ( quiet gasping ) ( faucet running ) ( door creaking ) ( faucet stops ) # # ( quietly ) : You 're not real . ( louder ) : You 're not real . ( computer beeping in distance ) ( faint beeping ) Stone ? ( door creaks ) ( low , ominous tones playing ) ( static crackling ) - I don 't want to die ! - Stone ... ( crying ) : I don 't want to do it myself . S-S ... I don 't want to die ! - Stone ! What 's happening ! - I don 't want to die ! ( distorted ) : I don 't want to do it myself ! Stone ! ( crackling ) ( gasping ) ( quiet , trembling breaths ) ( fast , ominous rhythm playing ) ( quiet , trembling breaths ) ( soft , crackling static ) ( screeching roar ) ( low , eerie tones playing ) # # ( static , beeping ) # # ( faint , distorted voice ) - ( static ) - ( distorted voice screeching ) ( electrical humming , crackling ) ( static crackles quietly ) ( static continues ) ( static , beeping ) ( low , ominous tones playing ) # # ( soft gasping ) ( quiet grunt ) ( printer whirring ) ( whirring continues ) ( whirring continues ) ( quietly ) : Oh , my God ! - ( fast , frantic rhythm playing ) - ( tape ripping ) ( siren wails in distance ) I 'm ready to know . What did you find ? Well , his hard drive was fried , but I was able to retrieve most of the shit off of it . Apparently your boy 's into stockpiling some pretty serious viruses . Why would he do that ? It 's a power trip . It 's like keeping nukes in your closet . I found some other stuff that I think you need to see . When I booted the drive , this is what came up . Josh ? This message is for Douglas Zeigler . I 'm Josh Ockmann , I 'm the guy who hacked into your system . I 'm sorry ... but now I got to talk to you . He kept a video diary ? It 's more like a play-by-play . Zeigler , it 's Josh again . How can I convince you to talk to me ? Whatever you had locked up in your system , I let it loose . I let ... And now I don 't know how to stop it . You okay with this ? Yeah . I need to know what you had in there . I ... I need to know . I 've never seen anything like it , but it 's burning through every firewall , it 's frying every circuit . I need your help . I bookmarked the rest . Zeig , I got your e-mail . I think I figured out a way to stop it . I 'm writing a virus that could shut it down . Meet me at the library at 5 : 00 today . Check this one out . I saw something in the library . I can still feel it . Like it reached inside of me , like it took something out of me . My life . Why won 't you answer me , Zeig ? I need your help . Goddamn it , why didn 't you warn me ? Is that it ? There 's one more , but ... I want to see it . It 's breaking me down . I feel like there 's nothing left of me . I can 't think , I can 't move , I can 't take the pain . I just can 't . I 'm not even me anymore . It 's all gone . I ... can 't go on . ( wry laugh ) I 'm sorry , Mattie . ( distorted ) : I 'm so sorry , Mattie . What if it 's all connected ? - What ? - The suicides , the ... Internet people , the things I saw . The ghosts ? I 'm not buying it , Mattie . Josh thought he saw them ... and it messed him up so bad , he he did what he did . W ... Okay , what do you think drove him over the edge ? Josh had some pretty bad shit going on . Josh wasn 't on a power trip with viruses . He saw something horrible ... something like this ... and he wanted to stop it . Hackers do this stuff all the time . It 's a prank . He got it off the Internet . Come on . But it wasn 't hooked up to the Internet . - The cable was unplugged . - So ? It came through the Wi-Fi . Just like Josh said , he pulled something through ... Pulled ghosts through the Wi-Fi ? It just doesn 't make any sense . It makes all the sense in the world . Do you have any idea of the amount of data that 's floating out there ? The amount of information we just beam into the air ? We broadcast to everyone where we are , and we think we 're safe ? The whole freakin ' city is going insane , and we 're acting like it 's nothing . Well , it 's not nothing . It 's something we don 't understand , and it is coming for us . You 're freaking us out , man . It 's the end of the world . That 's what it is . Maybe it 's the booze in your coffee . What about Zeigler ? This whole thing started with him . He was one of Josh 's hacker friends . There 's got to be someone at school who knows how we can find him . Maybe he knows what the hell is going on . ( static hissing ) ( computer blips ) ( static crackles ) ( static crackles ) is affecting Internet service worldwide . Authorities are requesting those of you who do not need to use your computers , to shut them down now to avoid spreading the bug . ( eerie , ominous tones playing ) - ( duct tape unrolling ) - ( soft grunting ) - ( duct tape unrolling ) - ( soft grunting ) ( washing machines humming , clacking ) Hey . I 'm starting to think I 'm the only one living here . Is there anything going on tonight ? I don 't really go out much . Sorry . ( quietly ) : Bitch . ( hinges squeaking ) ( gate closes ) - ( buzzing , crackling ) - ( machines power down ) ( weak electrical buzzing ) ( electrical humming resumes ) ( hinges squeaking ) ( squishy plop ) ( plop ) - ( exhales sharply ) - ( laundry plops ) ( laundry plops ) ( loud shrieking ) ( yells ) ( screeches ) - ( screeching ) - ( screaming ) ( blipping ) " Douglas Zeigler . " Zeigler , the virus is inside ... inside ... inside ... Inside ? ( typing ) Are you saying ... ( eerie , ominous tones playing ) # # ( static crackling ) - ( static crackling ) - ( indistinct , distorted voice ) MAN ( on TV ) : ... not available for comment , but we are receiving reports of ... mass disappearances in other cities , as well . By all accounts , the crisis appears to be spreading , and the federal government is mobilizing a response , as more and more law enforcement and emergency systems appear to be ... ( distorted : ) simply shutting dow ... ( computer chimes ) ( slow , ominous theme plays ) ( phone ringing ) ( ringing continues ) TIM : I just wanted to see you , Mattie . Tim ? ( voice over phone ) : I just wanted to see you . How are you doing this ? TIM : I see you . - ( knocks on door ) - Izzie , are you in there ? ( panting ) ( speed-dial beeping ) ( line ringing ) ( phone ringing ) ( continues ringing ) ( speed-dial beeping ) ( line ringing ) - This voice mail is no longer - Hey , I 'm looking for Izzie . accepting incoming messages . Please try again later . Message 687 . ( phone beeps off ) Isabelle ? ( sobbing ) : Oh ... ( breathing weakly ) Come here . Come here . ( shallow gasping ) You 'll be okay . ( Izzie panting , gasping ) ( sniffling , quietly sobbing ) You know what dying tastes like ? Metal . You don 't want to breathe . Because every time , it 's ... ( panting ) ... it 's more of it inside you . I want to die but I 'm too afraid to do it . You 're not gonna die . I want to . What do they want ? They want what they don 't have anymore . They want life . They 're coming for you , too . There 's nothing you can do about it . ( gasps ) : God , you 're freezing . Wait ... here a second . ( keypad beeps " 911 " ) - ( line ringing ) - ( signal beeping ) RECORDED VOICE : You have reached 911 emergency . Sorry , all operators are busy . Please stay on the line for the next available operator . I 'm sorry , Mattie . ( rumbling , crackling ) Izzie ! ( wind rushing ) ( Mattie crying ) ( fast , ominous rhythm playing ) ( speed-dial beeping ) ( line ringing ) - Hello . This is Louise Webber . - Hello ? - Leave your name and message ... - Damn it ! ( tires screech ) ( phone ringing ) Mattie ! Dexter ... Isabelle 's gone . What do you mean she 's gone ? I 'm packing a bag . I 'll meet you out front . DEXTER : I 'm on my way . ( car horn blasting ) # # ( gasping ) # # ( car approaching ) ( tires screeching ) She was just standing there , empty ... like she wanted to die . And she was just nothing . ( sniffles ) Just ... ash , just this Mattie , look at me . ... black , floating ash . - Look at me ! I saw it ... the thing Josh was talking about , it came for me . - Right after I found this . - What ? The virus Josh was working on . I found it taped inside of his computer case . Off-line , where they couldn 't get to it . - Will it work ? - I don 't know . But Zeigler will . You found Zeigler ? We 're gonna get some answers . Yeah . We 're gonna shut it down . We 're gonna shut it down . ( horn blaring ) ( Dexter groans weakly ) ( horn stops ) ( distant , fading in ) : Mattie ... Mattie ... You all right ? MATTIE ( softly ) : Yeah . ( Dexter groans ) Get out of the car . Get out of the car . ( grunts softly ) DEXTER : Is he all right ? - Let 's go . - What ? ! Come on . There 's nobody in the car ? MATTIE : No . Come on . Come on . ( wind gusting , whistling ) ( distant screaming and shrieking ) Don 't you move ! What the f ... - Don 't come any closer ! - Don 't shoot ! Put the gun down ! Calvin , are you crazy ? They 're safe , they 're not ... they 're just kids ! We 're not going to hurt you . DEXTER : Put it down . We 've got to keep moving . CALVIN : We 're wasting time . We 've got to get out of the city ! They came through the computer . We saw them . We think we have a solution . Are you people insane ? You stay here , you 're dead . We shouldn 't be out here ... they say it 's spreading . They say that they don 't know how long until it 's everywhere . CALVIN : The cops are gone ! People are dying all over the place ! Come on ! We heard it 's safe in the dead zones , anywhere there 's no computers , no phones , no Wi-Fi . Come on ! Anywhere where they can 't come through . - Let 's go ! - Save yourselves ! CALVIN : Hurry ! What if they got Zeigler ? What if we can 't get out ? He 's alive ! He 's got to be . ( slow , ominous tones playing ) # # Douglas Zeigler ? Zeigler ! ( static crackling , buzzing ) Whoa . ( whispering ) : My God . ( static crackling and hissing ) ( deep electronic hum pulsating , buzzing ) ( buzzing ) He 's not here . No ! You 're going to let them in ! - Who are you ? ! - MATTIE : My friend Josh needed to see you . Why ? That 's the little prick who let them in . Let what in ? The slightest leak , the slightest hole , that 's how . DEXTER : We need to know what you were working on . What was it ? ! It was a telecom project ! It was my baby . It was super-wide band . We found frequencies that we didn 't even know existed , and they came through . Who did ? ( lighter flicks ) We didn 't know what it was at first . ( chuckling ) : We thought it was like a radio wave interference . Then , we realized that there was a pattern to it . ( pulsating harshly ) Every time that we 'd try to monitor them , they would stop , or they would change frequencies . I mean , they were smart . They were reacting to us , and then ... we started seeing things around the lab . But shadows can 't hide underneath the desk . Shadows can 't walk across a room in broad daylight . ( laughing ) : There was this tape . Red utility tape . Have you seen it ? ( sharp , screeching tones ) It must have blocked part of the spectrum that they needed for transmissions , so we could keep them out of a room , but we couldn 't keep them out . I mean , they were coming through so fast , it was like a blur . The last thing you want , the last thing you ever want is for them to get to you . 'Cause when they grab ahold , they take your will to live . Everything that made you you is gone . You don 't want to talk , you don 't want to move . You 're a shell . And then come the bruises . They spread all over . Your body dies right out from under you , and the next thing you know , you 're just a pile of ash ! I saw it happen to Tillman . ( sobbing ) : I saw it happen to Plummer . What are they ? I wish I knew . I just watched my best friends die , Zeigler . That 's not the answer I came here for . Well , what do you want me to say ? They 've already crawled in the entire regional network . Everywhere ... cellphones , Pads ... We can 't stop them . DEXTER : We have to crash the entire system . How are we supposed to crash the system ? This is what Josh was working on . A virus configured to the specs of your system . Where 's your server ? In a highly non-optimum place . Where is it ? ! It 's in the basement , in the computer lab ! It doesn 't matter , because even if you upload it , it still doesn 't mean that it 's going to work ! No-no-no-no-no - no-no-no-no ! ( from inside ) : No ! ( tape unrolling ) ( wind whistling ) ( door creaks ) ( door closes ) ( eerie , indistinct whispering ) Run ! Go ! ( gasps ) Come on ! Dexter ! Go ! ( beeping ) ( sniffling ) ( elevator losing power ) ( elevator stops , clanks ) ( elevator gaining power ) ( elevator whirring ) ( elevator losing power ) ( elevator stops ) ( creaking ) ( gasping ) ( doors clanking , electrical crackling ) ( distorted growling ) ( gasping ) ( panting ) ( quiet , ominous tones playing ) ( gasps ) ( eerie whooshing ) # # # # ( steady electrical throbbing ) ( electrical throbbing continues ) ( electrical throbbing continues ) ( electrical throbbing continues ) ( indistinct voices ) ( suspenseful music intensifying ) ( screeching ) JOSH : Mattie . ( thunder rumbles ) Josh ? Josh ? I 'm sorry , Mattie . ( screams ) ( gasping ) ( Mattie screaming ) ( low , deep growling ) ( screeching ) ( roaring ) ( screeching ) DEXTER : No , don 't look ! Just run ! Mattie ! Mattie ! Come back to me . I saw it , Dex . I saw ... Okay . Stay right here . I 'll be right back . I 'll be right back . No ! - I have to . - It 's too late . There 's nothing we can do . I can still shut the system down . Don 't you get it ? There 's no system to shut down . They are the system . I have to go . No ... no ... ( steady electrical throbbing ) ( electrical throbbing continues ) ( typing ) ( eerie whooshing ) ( distant screeching ) ( indistinct , raspy , overlapping voices ) ( rapid beeping ) ( raspy roaring ) ( static crackling ) ( electronics powering down ) ( gasps ) ( electrical crackling ) It worked . ( electrical crackling ) ( electronics whirring , powering up ) ( steady electrical throbbing ) Let 's get the hell out of here ! Come on ! Come on ! Run ! ( rapid techno-rhythm playing ) - ( jet engines roaring ) - DEXTER : Geez ! ( car alarms blaring in distance ) ( car alarms blaring ) Hey ! ( ignition sputtering ) ( engine starts ) ( tires screeching ) ( rapid techno-rhythm playing ) ( quiet , melancholy theme plays ) How much gas do we have left ? Half a tank . How far is that gonna get us ? We 're gonna find out . # # # # ( quiet , suspenseful theme plays ) # # ( static crackling ) MAN ( on radio ) : This is an emergency message from the United States Army . Search and rescue units have been dispatched to assist survivors of the crisis . We have established safe zones in locations without wireless or cellphone coverage . Cellphones , computers and Pads are all conduits for the invasion . Dispose of all technology before proceeding to these locations . ( ominous rumbling ) ( eerie whispering ) - ( roaring ) - ( screaming ) ( screaming ) ( tires screeching ) Hold on , Mattie ! - ( screeching ) - ( Mattie screaming ) ( harsh squealing ) ( roaring , screeching ) ( gasping ) ( tires screeching ) ( panting ) You all right ? Yeah . What happened ? I don 't know . We must 've hit a dead zone . They can 't exist without a signal . ( engine accelerating ) ( slow , eerie tones playing ) # # MATTIE : We can never go back . The cities are theirs . Our lives are different now . What was meant to connect us to one another instead connected us to forces that we could 've never imagined . The world we knew is gone . But the will to live never dies . Not for us ... and not for them . ( ominous theme crescendos , stops abruptly ) ( rapid techno-rhythm playing ) ( rhythm slowly fades out ) ( eerie tones and rhythms playing ) # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # ( suspenseful theme intensifying ) ( suspense theme sustaining ) ( music fades into electronic buzz , then stops )
