 Previously on Fringe ... A series of events has occured . These events appear to be scientific in nature . It 's being referred to as the Pattern . OLIVIA : He worked out of Harvard . In an area called Fringe Science . PETER : You 're telling me my father was Dr. Frankenstein . You were in an accident . You were missing from your car for at least an hour before you came crashing back through the windshield . What if there 's a part of my brain that 's trying to protect me ? What 's this ? NINA : Sam Weiss . The man who helped put me back together . Have the headaches started yet ? - No . - They will . Hey . None of that vanilla hazelnut crap . Normal coffee , all right ? I already called it in . Yes , Colonel ? It 's time . Get to Suburban Station . He 'll be wearing a black trench coat carrying a black briefcase . Where are you , Gillespie ? Gillespie , seriously , for the last time , where are- - Set the briefcase down now . What 's this about ? What did I do ? You give me the briefcase now . What 's the problem here ? I got it under control . Give me the case . Hey , stop ! You can 't do that ! You can 't take that ! What- - What 's wrong ? Officer , what 's the matter ? Aah ! " Fracture " The rabbit goes around the tree then through the hole . Yeah , I know how to tie my shoes . Knowing how isn 't the issue . You suffered some wicked head trauma . Don 't think about your hands , don 't think about the laces . Your shoes will get tied just fine . Yeah , just by magic . No . But that would be pretty cool . You know , what exactly did you do for Nina Sharp ? I taught her how to eat French fries . You know , pick one up , dip it in the ketchup , stick it in your mouth , repeat . Simple enough , unless you 've got a cybernetic prosthetic arm . Nina was a mess . See , I prefer the bunny ears method to the one loop wrap . But it does require more coordination . You 'll get there . Don 't take this the wrong way , but I can 't waste my time . Are you sleeping at night ? You 've got circles around your eyes , pale skin ... You don 't get more than two or three hours at a stretch , do you ? Lingering pain from the accident ? In my leg and my shoulder . And you say the headaches haven 't started yet ? No . Well , let me know when they do . You can take the shoes off now , we 're done . That 's it ? Yeah , unless you want me to mop up the men 's room . I 'm closing now . Come back tomorrow , Agent Dunham . We 've got work to do . All right , how about this one ? " Two bedroom , two bath loft in Oak Square . " Cook 's kitchen , hardwood floors , and a breakfast nook . " Does it face the east ? Uh ... no . Riverview , so it faces north . Then it won 't do . I need the morning sun . Fine , how about this ? " Three bedroom duplex in Allston , facing east . " All the morning sun a waking scientist could want . I never liked Allston . Arlington either , for that matter . I 'm perfectly happy with our present accommodations . Well , I 'm not , Walter . I need my own bedroom . I woke up this morning to him singing an aria from Pagliacci . Your father has a wonderful voice . Not when he 's doing jumping jacks . And did I mention he was naked ? A good morning sets the tone for the day . Come take a look at this . I 've been running a filter for atypical FBI case reports . I just got a hit . Some sort of bomb went off in Philadelphia . Single explosive device . 11 dead , 28 wounded . This last part is what caught my eye . They can 't find any explosive residue at the scene . How 's a bomb go off without leaving any trace of it afterwards ? Shall I get my coat , Peter ? I 'll call Dunham . Agent Farnsworth , get my portable chemistry set . This means bodies . TEVEZ : The bomb guys don 't know what to make of it . They say , given the nature of the wounds , you 'd expect an explosive device filled with nails or steel ball bearings . But it wasn 't . No . In fact ... there 's no forensic markers at all . OLIVIA : So what about eye witnesses ? TEVEZ : Oh , I 've got half a dozen eye witnesses , but nobody who saw anything helpful . PETER : huh , it 's weird . This place has major anti-terrorism security . EMP disabling devices at every entrance , explosive materials sensors ... We checked , and not a single sensor is tripped . So what did the surveillance cameras show ? Nothing , nothing but magnetic static . It seems that whatever happened in here wiped the images . Would you mind if we see those tapes ? I 'll see what I can do . Let me guess , you got a friend ? Maybe I do . FEMALE AGENT : Excuse me , sir ? Do you have a badge ? WALTER : No , I don 't have a badge . Do you ? I got it . Walter ... What 's going on ? This rather unpleasant young woman is interfering with my work . Is he with you ? Yeah , but don 't hold that against me . We 're FBI . Go ahead . So ? What is it ? Shrapnel , I believe , from the bomb . Some sort of crystal . Hard as a diamond . Salty . Silica , I guess . Well , I 'll need to examine the rest of the bodies , if- - If that 's all right with you , miss . Thank you . BROYLES : Agent Dunham ... I spoke with our counter-terrorism analysts . Mm-hmm ? No one stepped forward to claim responsibility . And there 's been no increase in chatter - from our usual suspects . - Hey , guys , I found this wedged in a bench . It 's a badge--Philly P.D. , Officer Gillespie . Were there any police among the wounded - taken to the hospital ? - Mm-mm . So , where 'd he go ? Peter ! I was wrong . The crystal ... I think it 's not geologic in origin , after all . In fact , I 'm certain it 's organic . OLIVIA : Is that an ear ? Well ... I think Walter might have just found Officer Gillespie . This looks like fungiform papillae . Taste buds . - Tongue . - Mm-hmm . Walter , as much as I am enjoying this anatomy lesson , what exactly are we doing here ? Well , that 's obvious , my dear . We 're searching for clues . Scientific evidence to reveal what type of device this man was wearing which caused him to harden , then shatter . I understand Peter 's looking for a new place for you guys to live . It occurs to me , Agent Farnsworth , that I 've never asked you where you live . - Where I live ? - Yeah . Diaphragm . Well ... most of the time I live here . But my apartment is in Sommerville . You should go for a walk sometime ... explore the neighborhood . The other day , I ... turned the wrong way in the street , and discovered that Busby 's ... has the world 's best apple fritters . You see , I have everything I need where we live now . I know what you mean , Walter . I 'm a creature of habit , too . Of course , you never would 've found Busby 's apple fritters if you hadn 't gone the wrong way down a street . You really should try them , they 're quite delicious . Brain . SLIM JOE : Okay , that 's it . That 's the best I can do . Well , that must be Gillespie . But I don 't see a bomb . Then it cuts out . You know , I told her you were a genius , Joe . - Don 't prove me wrong . Then you 're gonna need a smarter genius . Do you have any idea how something like this could happen ? The static ? No . Maybe radio wave interference . Certain high frequencies can tweak electronic signals . Look at the time code . That 's about 20 seconds before the bomb went off . OLIVIA : So why do we lose picture before the explosion ? How 's it going , Walter ? Any theories ? Several . Peter , do you remember that jigsaw puzzle we put together when you were a kid ? Uh ... the jigsaw ? No . As I recall , her name was Melissa ... something . - 500 pieces . - Yes . Yes , I do remember . Melissa was a playmate . Miss July , right ? Putting together a jigsaw of a nude centerfold was Walter 's idea of how to explain- - What was it ? Human reproduction to his ten-year-old son . So what does any of that have to do with the bomb in Philadelphia ? Patience , son . Voilà . Meet Officer Gillespie . Fantastic . So apart from the obvious , anything out of the ordinary ? Needle marks between the toes . It was some form of transformative serum , I would think . I can 't say what yet . From his tissues , it appears to cause a chemical reaction on the cellular level that both solidifies the water in his cells and emitted massive energy , which shattered the body . What are you saying , Walter ? You think he did this to himself ? On purpose ? Well , I stopped counting at 47 needle marks . I can 't imagine it was an accident . When you think about it ... wearing a bomb is rather unimaginative . This way , there 's no need to smuggle in an explosive device , because- - Officer Gillespie was the bomb . Fascinating , yes ? MRS GILLESPIE : We were planning to start a family . I can 't believe he 's not coming home . Dan always came home . After every shift on the job , two tours in Iraq , he always came home . No one would tell me what happened . Just that it was ... some kind of bomb . We 're still investigating . I 'm so sorry . PETER : Where was he stationed ? In Ramadi . Did you serve ? No , a civilian contractor , based out of Baghdad . But from what I remember , there was heavy fighting in Ramadi . Was he on any medication , or under any sort of medical care ? No . No , Dan was healthy . And I don 't understand , what does this have to do with the explosion ? You all right , Dunham ? Excuse me , do you have a bathroom that I could use ? Yeah , it 's down the hall . PETER : Dunham , you all right ? Mrs. Gillespie , can you tell me what these are ? I don 't know . I 've never seen them before . Dan Gillespie doesn 't fit the profile of a suicide bomber . Well , how do you explain this stuff ? 'Cause I 'm assuming it 's more than likely that this is exactly what Walter was talking about . What turned him into a bomb . Yeah , well , I can 't yet . But I mean , what makes someone blow themselves up ? Typically , they 're either waging a war , or making a statement . Dan Gillespie was a decorated cop and soldier , just getting himself back together . It doesn 't make sense . Is there anything else on your mind ? Like what ? The headache . Didn 't the doctor say that would happen ? Uh , they said they might . That it was totally normal . We should get that back to Walter . Maybe he can figure out where those vials came from . - Let me help you with that . Colonel . We need to talk , Captain Burgess . I 'm calling you back to active status . You 're going to D.C. on Friday . Hotel reservations , plane tickets , all--self-explanatory . Now that phone , keep it with you at all times . Check in with the hotel , wait for me to call you with further instructions . Do you have a cover story prepared for your family ? Yes , sir . I 'll say I 'm visiting my sister . She lives in Georgetown . Have you been taking the serum ? Yes , sir . Good , because from this moment on , Tin Man parameters are in effect . So ... how 'd you know ? - The headaches started . - Mm-hmm . Well , it 's about time . Can you just cut the Yoda crap and tell me what 's happening to me ? The short version ... The headaches mean you 've finally sparked the battery . You 've been experiencing ... an acute nominal aphasia , Agent Dunham . It 's common with head trauma . Parts of your brain are still asleep . But once they wake up , all that memory will get flushed out . - When ? - When ? When will I get my memory back ? You know , everywhere you go the scoring apparatuses have changed . Computers , no fun . Here , we do things old school , with a dull pencil and all your third grade math skills . You know , this is ridiculous . I 'm not bowling , I can 't even walk without this damn cane . You 're not bowling . I 've got a kid 's league coming in here , you 're gonna keep score . How is that gonna help my memory ? I mean , how is that gonna help me at all ? Well , for starters , it might teach you some patience . WALTER : Ah , is that food I smell ? Bless you ! Mm-hmm , mm . Mm-hmm . While examining Officer Gillespie , I 've discovered something else . Given the amount of serum that we found in his tissue , and the rate at which it would 've metabolized , I suspect that he would 've had to inject it every day for a very long time . Well , how long ? At least a year , I would think . A year ? That would mean Gillespie started injecting while he was still on his tour in Iraq . Did his army personnel file come through yet ? I haven 't seen it . Let me check though . Oh , yeah . Interestingly ... When the serum is first introduced or injected , it 's fairly harmless . But then something else occurs , a secondary reaction . Some sort of trigger causes these bombs to blast apart . The triggers- - Peter ... If you are going to eat that cheeseburger in here , could you at least be a little discreet ? Fine . This trigger , could it be a radio wave ? There was some sort of interference on the security tapes inside the train station . Most likely caused by radio waves . Yes . I suppose so . Peter , I 've got Gillespie 's military file . What 's 'cyanogen chloride ' ? It 's a chemical weapon . His whole unit was exposed to cyanogen . According to this file , Gillespie should 've died in Iraq . PETER : Four words that should never show up in a sentence . " Classified experimental military project . " How much you wanna bet that Tin Man has everything to do with those injections that Gillespie was taking ? It says here that Project Tin Man was shut down . Shortly after Dan Gillespie returned home . And all the names of the U.S. military personnel associated with the project were redacted from the record . But it still lists Malik Yusef , Abbas Khalef , and Howard Ziad as Iraqi doctors who worked on the program . Where are they ? Presumably still in the country . CENTCOM has agreed to look for them , but it may take a few weeks to track anything down . I may be able to help . But I 'm gonna need a few things first . I need to go back to Iraq . I know somebody who can help us find those doctors . Seems a long way to go for a maybe . Well , we have to assume that Gillespie was not a solitary event . There may be others out there like him , walking bombs . We don 't have two weeks to wait . What is it you need ? Private air transportation , $ 20,000 in cash , and a passport without my real name on it . Oh ? I 'm still on a couple of watch lists . Then you 're gonna need a federal agent with you as well . I 'm reluctant to send you , Agent Dunham . With that said , we need to keep this trip between us . You look after each other . You ready for this ? Baghdad , here we come . Maybe I should wait outside . Then what would I do ? You 're the one with the gun . Assalam waleikum . ( Good morning ) In that case , we speak English . I need your help , Ahmed . A U.S. military program named Tin Man . It 's operating out of a hospital in Samarra . I need to find one of the Iraqi doctors who was working in that program . I can pay you , of course . When I heard you had been killed , I knew this could not be true . Because a person like you is good at one thing . More than anything else , a person like you is good at looking out for yourself . Now you are here ... asking for my help ? Yes , I am . Maybe someone else will want your money . I don 't . Ahmed ... A lot of innocent lives may be on the line . I see . And this is something you care about now ? Yes , I do . I may be able to save them ... with your help . What are the names of these doctors ? Have some tea . I will see what I can do . You gonna tell me what that was about ? No . Doctor Bishop , what did I tell you about experimenting with fruit ? I just cleaned this lab up yesterday . Relax , my dear . Just injecting a very small amount of the serum into the watermelon . Just to crystallize it . The serum we found at Gillespie 's house told us how he became a bomb . But the question remains , what triggered it ? So you 're using radio waves like Peter suggested ? Yes . Radio waves would also explain the eyewitness reports of flashing lights at the train station before the officer exploded . Quite ingenious , really . The same principal applied to proximity fuses , and World War II arial bombs ... In fact , my uncle Henry was killed by one in the battle of the Guadalcanal . Oh , Astrid ! This is it ! Quickly , what 's the frequency ? 331.6 megahertz . What happened ? It stopped . I 'm not sure . It works . No more fruit , Walter . Ready for something a little harder than tea ? Sure . Red Russian ? Yeah , mint tea and vodka . Well , it sounds weird and awful . Actually , it 's worse . You 'll get used to it . How long were you here ? Which time ? I had to leave a couple of times . Seems like you made a name for yourself . I 've been known to leave an impression . To all that 's weird . Doctor Malik Yusef ... Peter Bishop , Olivia Dunham . Assalam waleikum . ( Good morning ) Waleikum assalam . ( Good morning ) They consider me a traitor . We were hoping to ask you some questions about a program that you worked on . A program called Tin Man ? No , I do not know anything about this . YUSEF : The program didn 't work , it was too dangerous . The soldiers had been exposed to a synthetic neurotoxin , a nerve agent developed under Saddam . - Cyanogen ? - Yes . We had been trying to find a way to neutralize it to counteract the affects . And that 's what they called Tin Man ? We had developed a ... a treatment . Daily injections of a serum . We treated over 200 soldiers . Only a few of them survived . We know of one , a Daniel Gillespie . Daniel , kind man . Um , over the course of the program , there were three others . Do you remember their names ? Of course , I saved their lives . There was Joan Klump , Ross Cavanaugh , and Diane Burgess . MR BURGESS : Okay , Diane , you 're all set . Suitcase is at the front door . Are you sure you don 't want me to drive you to the airport ? YUSEF : But it was too dangerous . The serum had an unintentional byproduct . We had discovered that after it built up in human tissue . It reacted in a very unexpected way . It turned people into bombs . Yes . How did you know that ? Doctor Yusef , how many other people knew about this ? Five doctors , a dozen U.S. officers , and whoever they reported to , I suppose . Someone is triggering these people to explode . It could be anyone . There was a man , a colonel . When the program was shut down , he argued it should be continued . Do you remember his name ? Gordon . Colonel Raymond Gordon . Shukran , doctor . ( Thank you , doctor ) YUSEF : A word of warning ... Gordon is a vicious man . He has no regard for human life . You all have briefing packets in front of you , so I 'll just point out the highlights . Information has come to this agency that a bomb may be detonated today somewhere in this city . But in this instance , that bomb is a human being . Three of the four known operatives of Project Tin Man have been accounted for . Daniel Gillespie- - you 're all familiar with . Two others have been taken into protective custody . Which leaves Diane Burgess . We believe Captain Burgess traveled to D.C. this morning , under an alias . Though we do not have any intelligence on her potential target . A bolo has been issued to all metro and state police in the area . All potential high-value targets are under close surveillance . Agent Dunham and I will coordinate Captain Burgess ' apprehension . - Agent Dunham ? - Based on our investigation , it 's likely there is a second suspect controlling detonation from a remote location . We believe it 's this man , Colonel Raymond Gordon . The Pentagon lost contact with Colonel Gordon six months ago . He 's off the grid . Officially designated a rogue operative . Now based on Dr. Bishop 's analysis , the explosion is triggered by a specific VHF frequency . Now if we can locate Captain Burgess in time to get within range , we may be able to jam the signal and prevent her detonation . On that point , we suspect that Diane Burgess is unaware she is being used in a suicide bombing . Which means that she is also a potential victim here . We 're gonna do everything that we can to get her back to her family alive . Diane Burgess has just been located . She 's in a D.C. metro cab . Dispatchers say she 's headed to the Federal Center Metro Station . We have time to set up before she arrives . Our objectives are as follows : To prevent the detonation of Captain Diane Burgess and to apprehend Colonel Raymond Gordon . This is Broyles , go ahead . Video surveillance and 3-D triangulation model online . Stand by , we 'll wait for Diane Burgess . Snipers ready . Target sited , arriving at Federal Center Station , south portal . The phone 's encrypted , sir . We can 't tap into it . There 's no sign of the colonel outside of the station . Copy that , keep an eye on it . Where are we on that signal ? Attempting to acquire signal 331.6 megahertz . Excuse me , Agent Broyles ... Is there an EMP detection device in this station ? All capitol transportation hubs had them installed after 9 / 11 . - What 's the problem ? - No problem . It 's just that the security device would scramble all types of radio wave triggers . That sounds to me like a good thing . Frequency acquired . Jamming . Ready . Prepare to jam the signal . Stand by to apprehend target . WALTER : I 'm thinking that if the colonel wants Ms. Burgess inside the building . Then in order to trigger the explosion , he must be inside as well . Which means that once he starts broadcasting , we should be able to triangulate his position . But in order to do that , we would have to leave the frequency open . We can 't jam it . This could be our only chance to find Gordon and apprehend him . TECH : Target 's about to enter the station . Do we move , sir ? I said stand by . How long from when he activates the signal until she detonates ? 30 seconds , at best . That should give us long enough to be able to locate him . All units hold position . Let the target get into the building . Go . Yes , Colonel ? Your contact will be wearing a black trench coat . I have a briefcase for you . Accept the briefcase and proceed by taxi back to your hotel . - Is that it , sir ? - That 's it , Captain . I 'll meet you there . Yes , sir . Thank you , sir . BROYLES : According to this schematic , Diane Burgess should be standing near the northwest side of the terminal . We 're still waiting for Gordon to activate the VHF signal . PETER : I got her . She 's by the front entrance . Keep an eye on her . Do we have anything from Gordon yet ? The signal hasn 't been activated yet , sir . She 's on the move . Still no sign of Gordon . That--that 's it . That 's the VHF signal . She 'll detonate in 30 seconds . Agent , tell me where Gordon is . Something 's wrong . Sir , the signal 's scrambling our equipment . I can 't get a lock on Gordon . Smart . BROYLES : The signal is scrambling our equipment . I think you have something for me . One Mississippi ... Two Mississippi ... 30 seconds . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Okay , we 've got her speaking to a man with a briefcase . It is not Gordon . Can you get a lock on the signal ? TECH : We can 't get a lock . BROYLES : Then jam that signal . We 're jamming the signal , I 'm not risking these lives to get Gordon . Sir , it 's--it 's not working . The signal 's too strong for our equipment . I 'm locked out . We have a problem . Dunham , attempts to jam the signal have failed . She 's going to detonate . We have a problem . The signal cannot be jammed . I repeat , the signal ... OLIVIA : Peter , I think we just lost radio contact . - We need to find Gordon . - Copy that . The trigger 's been activated , we don 't have much time . I don 't know who you are . Oh , my God ! I spotted Gordon . I 'm taking him out . Ah ! Ugh ! Twenty-four Mississippi . Twenty-five Mississippi . Twenty-six Mississippi . We 're back online . The signal has stopped . BROYLES : All agents , move in . AGENT : FBI ! Ugh ! What 's this ? An apartment . Two bedroom , semi-detached . Furnished housing for professors . It 's a nice neighborhood . Down the block from where Belly used to live . I 'll call Broyles , see if we can lease it . Okay , seven and a quarter inches . - Hmm . - Why " hmm " ? Well , I think your hand just seems smaller to me . Okay , we 're good . We 're good , what does that mean ? It means that 's all for tonight . Go home . I just got here . I know , but I 'm tired . It 's been a long day . You look like you could use some sleep yourself . Come back tomorrow . By then I 'll have found you the perfect bowling ball . No , you listen to me you son of a bitch . I am not here to bowl , or to try on shoes , or to have you play games with my head . I am here because I was told that you could fix me . Take care , Agent Dunham . GORDON : Meanwhile , we go through our lives unaware . The enemy is among us and nobody 's doing anything about it . We don 't have any idea the end is coming . So we had to take matters into our own hands . We had to send them a message . What was in the briefcase ? They told you I was crazy , didn 't they ? The Pentagon . They said I 'd had a psychiatric break . I told them what I 'm telling you . That they are here . Collecting data . Making observations . That 's what 's in the briefcase . They 've been planning for war . And they 've been passing the information via courier right under our noses . Who are " they " ? We don 't know who they are . But I can tell you what they want . They want to exterminate us . So they 're studying us ... Our culture , our technology , our science ... and they plan to use it against us . One way or another . We 'll find out who they are . But by then , I suppose it won 't really matter . Because whatever is in those cases is going to destroy us all .
