 A sudden dispersion of charged particles followed by the requisite disturbance to the ionosphere . origin has been narrowed to the Amazonian basin . This is the third time and again from another new location . No unusual solar flares spotted today . - The phenomenon is so localized ... - It has to be artificial in origin . maybe it 's an experiment or something . At any rate , the magnitude of this discharge seems larger than the others . oh , it is . Good news is we 've managed to get a fix on the origin point . Here 's an image taken from a private satellite approximately five hours ago . Take a look . I don 't see a thing . of course , we all know it doesn 't take much to alter photos these days . Right , Cammy ? I 'd have to agree there . And it goes beyond this surveillance photo . We can 't say for certain that all of our data isn 't being intercepted and altered as it comes in . And it 's notjust Delta Red that 's affected , either . Whoever 's doing this has the wool pulled over the entire world 's eyes . Something is out there . Something sinister operating from the shadows . But who could have the connections and reach to pull that off ? Shadaloo , perhaps ? But Shadaloo is history ... Or so they say . I 'm off , then . The paperwork will have to wait . That 's right . The man you 're looking for went missing three weeks ago . The family has requested a full investigation , but ... In a small town like this , we simply don 't have the manpower ... Of course , I feel sorry for the family , but investigations like that cost money and require personnel . So , he was famous back home , was he ? You know , he used to come here to give martial arts lessons ... Bottom line ? Word came down from the brass . my hands are tied . Is there something going on I should know about ? I mean , Interpol visiting this little burg ? What if I told you this was happening all over the world ? Would that satisfy you ? Judging by the look on your face , I 'd say we hit another dead end . Don 't let it get to you . We 're bound to find something eventually . Boy , you sound like a cop . Ever consider spending your time offwith your wife ? I thought you gave up police work yourself , and here you are doing this ... Birds of a feather , huh ? You 're still not over Charlie , are you ? I only heard about the string of disappearances by coincidence , but I couldn 't get it out of my head once I did . That 's when I called you ... Figured you might know something . Fighters from around the world disappearing seemed to be up your alley . It all started last year . Famous martial artists just started vanishing . The only thing in common is that each is considered the top practitioner in his or her respective art . That , and no evidence is left behind following any of the abductions . It 'd be easy to assume an open and shut case of kidnapping , but there 've been no ransom demands . That was suspicious enough to get Interpol involved , and that 's when I put the badge back on ... Actually , there are forces within Interpol that want this investigation stopped . They say there 's no evidence to link the disappearances . They consider this a waste of resources . Well , no naysayer is gonna stop us , right ? once you start talking about fighters from around the world ... Well , thatjust brings a lot of stuff floating back up to the surface . Like Shadaloo ... There 's no evidence that Bison and his men are really dead , though I hope to God they are . Still , I won 't believe it till I see it . Not after what I 've been through . I know what they 're capable of . They 're still alive ... I know it . And , if they 're still alive , they 're probably behind this , right ? I understand your disappointment , sir . I 'm sorry . No matter ... This weapon 's value won 't become evident until we manage to shrink it down and make it commercially viable . For now , lets consider this but a preview to drum up interest . Let it bring people to our little party . Loosen their pocketbooks a bit . Don 't you agree ? Well , ifwe 're to perfect the device , we 'll need him . I know this one . He practices an art that was initially developed for assassination . But there should be another that is even more powerful than him . We aren 't after him for his fighting style ... You see , if our theories are correct , he possesses a power within that , if awakened , eclipses even that ofthe other . That power is called Satsui no Hado . And this power would allow us to bring the BLECE project to fruition ? - Yes , sir . - Satsui no Hado ... The murderous intent ... Interesting ... At ten , you have the usual management meeting . VP of European operations has a teleconference scheduled for 11 : 30 . Representatives from the Pacific Rim exposition will be here ... I 'm sure you 're busy Mr. Masters , but allow me to introduce myself . My name 's Maya . I 'm a freelance journalist . I 'm sorry , but all interviews must be scheduled in advance . I 'd like to get a comment regarding the rising price of crude oil . What 's the Masters Group doing to combat this ? Didn 't you hear the lady ? No appointment , no interview . Ken Masters , the greatest American fighter and top dog of the business world . I have to say , Mr. Masters , I had you pegged all wrong . I wouldn 't have expected you to get so worked up over a sudden visitor . I thought fighters were supposed to be more laid-back . That 's cute ... You 're not used to rejection , are you ? I wonder if your friend Ryu is in the habit of turning people away if they don 't have an appointment . You may have studied alongside him , but I 'd say you 're worlds apart . I 'll be going now . I 'll be sure to make an appointment next time so your precious rules are protected . Ryu ... What are you up to these days , friend ? Still lost in your own head ? We both knew that our last battle wouldn 't be the one to settle the score . That fight can only take place once we 've both truly found ourselves . I know that the Satsui no Hado lurks within you like cancer , tempting you to throw away your humanity for unlimited power . But you manage to make even that burden almost noble . You know , Ryu , I have trouble even relating to you as a fighter these days . I 'm in a whole different world now . Career ... Family ... Don 't get me wrong , it 's not like they 're a burden . Still , the more I live this life , the more I forget what it means to be a warrior . Time just keeps passing and I feel like I 'm running in place . Listen to me go on about my stupid problems ... Whatever ... What 's the point ? I suppose I 've always seemed kinda trivial to a guy like you , Ryu . After all , I was born with a silver spoon in my mouth . I didn 't have to work for this . It 's me . About today 's schedule ... Squeeze in as much as you can . I 'm ready to work . I think we got it . This is definitely where the energy discharge took place . So they did alter the images ... This isn 't a natural depression , that 's for sure . Looks like something heavy was sitting here . And , jeez , look at all the dead animals , eh ? Bag them up . Let 's take a few corpses for analysis . Captain ! What 's the matter ? The ground here felt a bit soft , so I thought I 'd do some digging to see why ... Oh , God ! Human bodies ... How long must you continue to resist , boy ? Until my last breath ! Why do you resist the power within ? I don 't desire power ! I have my sights set higher than that ! What is it you seek , then ? Ah , but you have no answer . Seeking anything but power is foolishness of the highest order ! The blood flowing through your veins calls out to you . Answer it ! Answer it with your life ! No ! Then I shall murder you myself ! This mundane world is of no concern to us ! We grow stronger by consuming human life ! Enough ! I don 't know anything about my birth . My earliest memories are of master Goutetsu and master Gouken . I remember Akuma training with them . He was strong . Stronger than the others . All he cared about was power . Then , one day ... he murdered master Gouken . I must defeat Akuma ! However , I can 't allow myself to become like him in the process . But what can I do ! ? All my blood and sweat and training brings me no closer to finding my true purpose ! Keeping my urges under control takes all the power I can muster ! I don 't know how long I can resist ! Ken ! I 'll just be a minute . Oh , thanks . You 're Eliza masters ... I interviewed your husband the other day . He 's a great man . You saw Ken ? How was he ? Did he seem to be in good spirits ? I mean , he 's just been so busy lately . I don 't really get to see him so much . Yeah ... You feel like a cup of coffee or something ? Just us girls ? Delta Red is on the case . There 's a series of large scale secret experiments occurring all over the world . Yeah , Cammy hasn 't changed a bit ... That 's right . We found ten so far . And it gets worse . The victims ' identities came as quite a surprise . And a surprise it was . I don 't know how or why , but the fighters we 're tracking down ended up dead . They 'd been abandoned in a shallow grave in the middle of a jungle . But Cammy didn 'tjust call to give us a shock . Even if they determined the bodies to be those of the missing fighters , not even Delta Red intelligence can figure outjust how they got there . The big picture is still a mystery . Cammy ... About those animal corpses you collected ... We 've examined them thoroughly and this is just incredible . - Never seen anything li ... - Get on with it . OK ... Are you ready for this ? Some of the victims ' cells seem to have actually exploded . It 's as if the moisture inside of them was suddenly heated , causing it to boil . It 's ... It 's freaky stuff ! I just ... I haven 't actually reported this up the chain of command just yet . For some reason ... I get the feeling it 'd be swept under the rug if I did . The Army and the fbi are suspiciously reluctant to help . I don 't have connections in the CIA , but I imagine they 're in the same boat . If even Interpol and Delta Red 's intelligence is being manipulated and controlled behind the scenes , there must be a huge organization responsible for all this . To tell the truth ... We did have an investigation going at one point . I even had some leads ... But ... We 'll get to the bottom of this ! Too many people have been hurt already ! Oh , what a beautiful doll , madam . Thank you . Isn 't itjust adorable ? A friend gave it to me . She 's a journalist . Well , I bet your husband will think it 's cute as a button . He 's so busy these days , I hardly ever see him . Still ... We should talk soon . Contact your boss . Right now ! I 've got a message for him . I don 't appreciate being toyed with . You 're gonna have to show a little more faith . You are regarded as a capable soldier . Is my speaking directly to you not sufficient to show my trust in you ? If you do trust me , you 'll call off your lapdogs and let me operate in peace so I can concentrate . I can do that . But are you sure you 're barking up the right tree ? I distinctly recall ordering you to track down Ryu , not Ken masters . The time it would take to blindly search for a wandering vagabond like Ryu is a luxury I can 't afford . The fact that you have so many others on the case tells me you 're aware of that much . What we have to do is wait for him to show up . If he 's going to stay in touch with anyone , it 's masters . Their friendship and rivalry run deep . I 'm sorry , friend . If I 'd have died before you , perhaps my body could have sustained you a bit longer . All of mankind holds a power within . The power of life . This force is fragile , but eternal ... Life begets more life and the cycle continues . This force , this power is what drives it all . But what is power ? Looks like an ordinary ruined castle at first glance , but security 's too tight for that to be the case . Only one way to find out for sure ... Look ! That 's the missing American karate champ ! That 's enough ! Sonic ... Boom ! Hey ! What is this place , anyway ? Looks like a laboratory , but what are they researching ? They 're onto us . We 'd better move . Alright . Let 's go ... - Chun-Li ! - Gimme a sec . So we lost another one ... Just what was going on there , anyway ? And who 's responsible ? Clearly , these fighters are being used in some kind of strange experiments . " Boiling Liquid Expanding Cell Explosion ... " " BLECE . " Exploding cells ? Scads of dead animals in the Amazon exhibiting that sort of damage . I 'm no scientist . This stuff 's way over my head . Do you suppose there 's a connection to the missing fighters ? Oh , my God ... - Ryu ! ? - What ! ? " It can be postulated that the completion of the BLECE project hinges on the system harnessing the Satsui no Hado , a power that lies dormant in this particular subject . Without him and his power , BLECE can never achieve its full potential ... " Harnessing the Satsui no Hado ? madness ... Well , at least we know now that Ryu is going to be their next target . Let 's get moving . We have find him before they do . But how do are we supposed to find him ? He never stays in one place for long . Well , if anyone knows where Ryu is ... - It 's Ken ! - That 's right ! I bet he can find him ! Wait ... What ifwe 're not the only ones to come to that conclusion ? Hey , baby . For a second there , I thought my secretary followed me home . What 's up ? You OK ? Never mind . You look so tired ... You know , we really haven 't talked lately , have we ? I 'm sorry , baby . I haven 't forgotten about you . Well ... Who are you trying to forget then ? You ... The you standing in front of me right now ... You 're not the Ken Masters I fell in love with . When I first met you , you used to be so laid back and carefree . You were always smiling , but you 've changed . You 've gotten so melancholy , so serious . It 's almost like you 're trying to chase someone out of your heart . Tell me what 's going on . I think you give me way too much credit . I was never carefree . I was always serious . Is that what you really want to say ? No ... I just ... Stay here . Who 's there ? - What is wrong with you people ? - What the ... Sakura ! ? That was a pretty rude welcome . I came all this way to see you , but , seriously , I got treated like a common burglar or something . And , by the way , they so started it ! Well , I should hope so ! That 's what I pay them for ! You did sneak in , you know . Oh , God , I am uptight . I ran straight here from the airport , so I 'm later than I 'd expected . I think you should hire some stronger security guards , dontcha think ? But I guess this place is pretty safe since you 're here , Ken-san . Anyway , to what do I owe the pleasure of your unannounced visit , Sakura ? Well ... I 'm trying to track Ryu-san down . - Ryu ? - Please tell me where he is ! Look , I don 't know where he is . I figure his stalker oughtta know better than anyone . Well , I don 't . That 's why I came here . So deal . So ... Why do you need to see him all of a sudden ? Hello ? From Chun-Li ? Put her through . Hey ! Long time no see . What 's up ? You 're calling pretty late . Oh , you did ? Sorry . I 've been really busy lately . I told my secretary to only let business calls through . I 'm at home . Yeah ? You 're looking for Ryu ? I 've got no idea . Here ? Now ? No , it 's cool . You can come by , but ... I 'm a little busy right now . We 'll talk when you arrive . Apparently , I 'm Ryu 's personal assistant now . - Ken-san ? - Yeah ? Have you heard about the disappearances ? - The fighters being kidnapped ? - What ? So you haven 't heard . Famous martial artists from all over the world are vanishing . You really didn 't know about it ? I figured all fighters would have heard about it by now . I 've just been so busy lately ... Tell me all about it ! What 's going on ! ? What have we got here ? You some kinda karateman or somethin ' ? Yeah ... Something like that . I thought so . You know , I 've got a friend who 's into that . He lives around here . You know him ? - He 's the US karate champ . - Actually , I do know him . We 've sparred before . Your friend is quite a fighter . Sure is . It wasn 't enough to help him ... He went missing , all of a sudden , last year . Haven 't heard from him since . Left behind a young wife . She moved on . Found a new man and got the heck outta Dodge . I haven 't given up lookin ' for him , though . I really don 't know all the details . No one knows what happened to the victims or where they are . The rumorjust started circulating pretty recently . From what I hear , the disappearances started last year . All the victims are really famous . No amateurs . Everybody 's talking about it lately . It 's big news . I hadn 't heard ... That 's not true I just wasn 't listening . Dammit ! That must be what Chun-Li was getting at on the phone . If she 's involved , this is no ordinary kidnapping case . Something 's up . That 's why I 'm so worried about Ryu-san . I don 't know where he is or what he 's up to or anything . He 's my friend , too . Chun-Li and the others should be here soon . We can figure out what to do when they arrive . Looks like I won 't be in the office for a while . It 's me . A truck driver ? " Karateman " ? Ryu gave him my number ? OK , Put him through . Yeah . That 's right . This is Ken masters . So you 're looking for your missing friend and Ryu told you that I might know something , right ? So where did you meet Ryu , anyway ? I 've located Ryu . Get everything ready . Begin preparations for plan B , just in case . Chun-Li ? Listen , we found out where Ryu is . Turns out , he 's a lot closer than you 'd think . What am I doing here ? I guess the nostalgia of hearing about a former opponent got the better of me . And now here I am chasing ghosts ... He left his family behind when he disappeared . I couldn 't imagine him doing something like that . - Who are you ? - So we finally meet face to face . I 'd like to test your abilities , if you don 't mind . I suppose you 're feeling a little confused right now . I would be . But I 've known about you for a long time . I was really hoping to meet you under better circumstances . Oh , well ! Such power ... You 're no ordinary fighter ! Tatsumaki ! Well ? Having fun ? Ready to show me what you can really do ? Hold it right there ! Don 't fight her . She 's testing you . Trying to bring out your true power ... I don 't know who you are , but I know what you want . Cammy , stop ! She 's too strong for you . What ! ? Quite a fashion statement , no ? There 's only one like it . And it 's mine . There 's a lot at stake here . I 'll do what I have to to win . Cammy , wait ! What 'll it be , Ryu ? This poor girl 's about to die . Aren 't you going to save her ? Don 't do it ! If you fight now ... make your choice ! This is it . It 's happening ! my God , he 's gonna kill me . So this is the Satsui no Hado ... Beautiful ... His power 's off the charts . He can 't be captured in this state . At least I got some data for analysis ... Ryu ! I know you ! Oh , no ... Ryu ! Stop ! No ! No , Ryu-san ! Stop it ! Cammy ! Cammy , are you OK ? It 's me . Dispatch a helicopter immediately . We have a man down . She 's in bad shape . Hurry ! Cammy 's condition has stabilized . Luckily , none of her vital organs were injured . This is my fault . I shouldn 't have let her go ahead of us by herself . oK ... Tell me everything you guys have figured out so far . We managed to get our hands on a research brief detailing a new weapon . The report is addressed to an emerging arms manufacturing corporation - called S.I.N. - S.I.N. ? I 've heard of them . They 've grown like a weed for the past few years , but there 's all sorts of rumors linking them to crime syndicates . I 'm pretty sure their ceo is named Seth ... Seth ... something . This is S.I.N. ' s latest weapon . It 's codenamed BLECE . The weapon isn 't chemical , biological or nuclear . It 's powered by energy found within the human body . This spiritual energy is what you might call " Ki . " The BLECE device provides a method of harnessing human energy to cause a cyclical chain reaction ... This energy is artificially extracted from the subject and amplified via the device . The resultant pulse resonates within the victim , causing the mitochondria to overflow with excess kinetic energy . The moisture within living tissue begins to boil , causing an expansion that detonates the cells from within . What a fantastic invention it is . It uses the energy inside living things against the very form of life from whence it came . It 's clean . It 's simple . It 's ... elegant . When this device is shrunken down for commercial manufacturing , it will only become a bigger threat . once miniaturized , the device can actually be implanted inside subjects , allowing them to harness their ki to cause massive destructive effects . The subject can easily plant themselves into any crowd and be undetected . The implications this could have on terrorism are frightening . It can be thought of as a way to augment the natural ki energy we all hold within . Essentially , it could give anyone powers that resemble the Satsui no Hado . A new breed of undetectable assassins will rain destruction down upon civilization . The missing fighters were used as guinea pigs for their research . Their mastery of ki made them the perfect fodder for their tests . S.I.N. ' s goal is to get their hands on Ryu , who they regard as the ultimate test subject . I cannot overstate my supreme disappointment . You had Ryu in your sights , yet you come back to me without even a single shred of data to further our research . Betrayal saddens me . How do you suppose I should deal with this sadness ... maya , was it ? Plan B was devised precisely for situations such as this . That said , the plan will require a few adjustments . Ifwe cause the Satsui no Hado to manifest itself in Ryu again , we won 't be able to touch him . We know that now . Therefore , I propose that the ceo himself grace us with his participation . You strike me as a curious man . I 'm sure you 'd like a chance to see what Ryu is capable of firsthand . And how are you today , Ken masters ? That voice ... You 're that maya woman . You remembered ! I 'm honored . Listen , I 'm planning a fabulous party aboard a boat . You 'll be there , won 't you ? Cut the games . Who are you ? Why did you fight Ryu ? Do you work for S.I.N. ? So , you 'll come ? I mean , your wife 's here already . may as well join her , right ? Eliza ! ? No ... I didn 't even notice she was gone . Tell me what you want ! It 's yours ! What I want ? Quit screwing around ! You kidnapped her ! I know it ! She wouldn 't just leave without telling me ! You 're just a little know-it-all , aren 't you ? How well do you really know your wife ? How many hours did you spend talking with her this week ? Or would minutes be more appropriate ? Didn 't you notice anything on your mantle that wasn 't there before ? Cute doll , isn 't it ? - What are you getting at ? - Your wife is my guest , Ken masters . She came here of her own free will . Fine . So I just have to show up at your little shindig , right ? - That 's all you want ? - Well , that 's not all I want . You 're going to bring Ryu along for the festivities . Do I make myself clear ? Dammit . They want Ryu in exchange for Eliza . No ! If I hadn 't beaten up your security guards ... It 's not your fault . This one is all me . So what 's the plan ? I doubt the police would be any use to us . And we can 'tjust hand Ryu over to them . You got that right ! Ryu isn 't going anywhere ! I 'll rescue Eliza myself ! No ... I 'll go . - Ryu ... - If they 're after my power , then the only way to put a stop to their plan is to keep it under control . Right in front of them , so they know I can do it . - Can you pull that off ? - You just worry about Eliza . Sounds good . You can count on our help , too . Have a seat . You tricked me . Hold it right there . Who are you two ? The agency sent us to help with the party . We 're the entertainment . Hey , wait a second . Sure this ain 't some mistake ? Didn 't hear nothing about hiring girls . - The only mistake ... - Is you two ... Not knowing when to shut up ! Well , then ... - Ready for a little extra credit ? - Yeah ! I called in a favor to an old Coast Guard buddy . Help is on the way . In the meantime , teach those goons a lesson ! Let 's split up . I 'll go after Eliza . You take care of the bad guys . I 'll be fine here on my own . You two go join the others . Well , look what the cat dragged in ... I suppose whoever 's fighting the guards right now are the same ones who stole the data from our facility ? Not that I care , mind you . No matter who else you brought with you , my intuition tells me that Ryu 's here . That 's all that matters . - Where 's Eliza ? - Take a hike , blondie . I don 't need you anymore . - Where is Eliza ! ? - Out of my way ! C 'mon ! I 'll beat an answer out of you ! Your wife is right inside that room . Ryu might possess an incredible power , but you 're no slouch yourself . Good luck , mr. masters . Sorry to keep you waiting , babe . Took a little while to get dressed . Love the red . That outfit always did look great on you . Let 's go . This place gives me the creeps . Is it ok for me to exert myself like that ? I mean , would running hurt the baby ? When did you find out ? Jeez , I didn 't even know ... I 'm sorry . I just wanted to surprise you . I 'm so sorry . No , it 's my fault for not giving you a chance to bring it up . Hell of a sense of timing you got there , though . I love you so much , Eliza . I just realized the strength that can come from wanting to protect someone you love . I guess that 's my special power . I don 't need Satsui no Hado or anything else . Not when I have so much to look forward to . You 're gonna be a godfather , Ryu ! A good portion of life is spent wondering " why " . There are all manner of things that defy understanding . Most of the time , it is difficult to determine where to begin looking for reason . No matter the circumstances , your presence here was not inevitable . on top of that , my presence here was far from a foregone conclusion . Yet here we are . Why do you suppose that is ? My apologies for the late introduction ... I ... am Seth . I understand , Ryu . I know why we are here . You see , I simply could not resist the chance to test out the legendary power you possess , myself . You struggle against the temptation of that power . Oh , it must be torture . Ryu ! Ryu ! Ryu-san ! Sho ... Ryu ... Ken ! Still , some questions must be asked , some situations faced head on . Surely you , who are most at home in the ring , find this power inside to be a great temptation ... And yet you struggle in vain against it even as it seeks to control you utterly . Why do you fight it ? Why ! ? Keep it inside and you will die ! Your death 'll garner nothing . It 'll be without meaning ! Stay back ! Power only has meaning if it is put into action . It defines you . Power like that is what rules the world ! Everyone seeks power , seeks to grow in strength . But this goal is out of reach of ordinary men . The poor seek riches , the ugly , beauty . We compare ourselves to others and seek to cover our own inadequacies to find peace of mind . The mere existence of those who are better than us becomes intolerable . We fight in retaliation ! If beauty is not enough , we use money . If money does not work , we resort to violence . This energy is what powers our world ! It is essential . All I seek is to help this natural process along ! This destructive force begotten from conflict , this power that everyone lusts for , I will spread it over the world with but a touch . It is like a well that can never run dry . A precious mineral flowing from an inexhaustible mine ! This power will be mine . Stubborn mule ... You avert your eyes from the power within and refuse to fight . That may offer you a modicum of empty solace when faced with your pitiful frailty , but no more . Pathetic . Despite the power you possess , you will become a disposable test subject no different from the others . I 'm not through fighting . And I do not run from the power I hold within . I , too , seek strength . That 's what has driven me all this way . And yet I never truly understood just what power is . Or what it means to be strong . Your words did help me to understand one thing . The power I seek is nothing like what you describe . The power humans possess , that is the source of and destination for all of life . The power you 're after is the opposite of this . It can only destroy that which is good . To seek it invites your own demise . That is why I fight ! I fight to rid the world of such diabolical power . I 'll show you what true strength is ! It is the courage to stand up in the face of evil and emerge victorious . What is this nonsense ? Power is power . There is no difference ! Here 's your answer . Let go ! What have you done ? No ... What ... is this ... power ? ! How ... How could this happen ? You actually hurt me ... my body ! They 're getting away ! Hope your insurance is paid up ! Ryu ! This is the US Coast Guard . Your are suspected of having entered this harbor without permission . Prepare for a compulsory search of your vessel . Passengers and crew should stand by for further instructions . Oh , my God ... Shadaloo ! I bring you a message from Lord Bison . You put on a fantastic show . Y He 's been watching you all along . He has another message for you , as well . S.I.N. ' s success has come only through the manipulation of Shadaloo working behind the scenes to ensure your good fortune . He wanted you to know that . Ken . Did you see that ? I ... I saw it alright , bro ! That was amazing . You really let your true power shine through . I can feel it in you too , Ken . This ... power ... Thanks for coming to see me off , Ken-san . I really wanted to stick around until Ryu-san gets better , but tickets are really cheap right now , so I had to jump at the chance . I am a student , you know . I 'm not made of money . Oh , that 's right . My friend gave me some chocolates she got on her trip to Hawaii . Want some ? They 're really good . Even with all that evidence , we 're right back where we started . The cover-up is so vast , even the dispatch of the Coast Guard has been officially denied . It feels like we 're being treated as the enemy instead of the real threat . The abduction and murder of the fighters , the connection to Shadaloo ... - It all goes unpunished ... - The evil is still out there . Bison ... You may think you have the upper hand , but the truth is that S.I.N. has been manipulating Shadaloo . Fool . It 's me . About that new power Ryu displayed for us the other day ... Say no more . I 'll resume the search right away , sir . Excellent job , Crimson Viper . Your report was more than satisfactory . Keep this up and we should know everything there is to know about S.I.N. ' s activities . Undercover work is no picnic , and we know you 've been through hell already . But there is simply no one else as suited to this job as you . Please understand . once the CIA has the information we need , we can bring S.I.N. to justice . Don 't worry about me , sir . I understand my mission . What 's the matter , Ryu ? It 's just that bird ... Looks like he got separated from the flock . Yeah ... maybe ... I guess this is goodbye . Thanks . But why are you headed out to train , anyway ? I mean , you 've already proven you can keep the Satsui no Hado under control . That may have been an exception . I 'm not sure I can do it every time . It took an incredible amount of concentration . I 'm still nowhere near finished with my training . I guess there 's no arguing with you . Go if you have to . Go to places the rest of us can only dream of . I wish you well . Thanks . And , don 't worry , we 'll meet again . I 'm looking forward to seeing how strong you 've become by then . You and I may travel down different roads , but our life-force is one and the same . I 'm sure our paths will lead to the same destination . Oh , we will meet again i guarantee it .
