 Energy discharge confirmed A sudden dispersion of charged particles followed by the requisite disturbance to the ionosphere . origin has been narrowed to the Amazonian basin . This is the third time and again from another new location . No unusual solar flares spotted today . The phenomenon is so localized It has to be artificial in origin . maybe it 's an experiment or something . the magnitude of this discharge seems larger than the others . it is . Good news is we 've managed to get a fix on the origin point . Here 's an image taken from a private satellite approximately five hours ago . Take a look . I don 't see a thing . we all know it doesn 't take much Cammy ? I 'd have to agree there . And it goes beyond this surveillance photo . We can 't say for certain that all of our data isn 't being intercepted and altered as it comes in . either . Whoever 's doing this has the wool pulled over the entire world 's eyes . Something is out there . Something sinister operating from the shadows . But who could have the connections and reach to pull that off ? perhaps ? But Shadaloo is history Or so they say . then . The paperwork will have to wait . That 's right . The man you 're looking for went missing three weeks ago . but you know how these things go we simply don 't have the manpower but investigations like that cost money and require personnel . was he ? he used to come here to give martial arts lessons Bottom line ? Word came down from the brass . my hands are tied . Is there something going on I should know about ? Interpol visiting this little burg ? What if I told you this was happening all over the world ? Would that satisfy you ? I 'd say we hit another dead end . Don 't let it get to you . We 're bound to find something eventually . you sound like a cop . Ever consider spending your time offwith your wife ? huh ? are you ? but I couldn 't get it out of my head once I did . That 's when I called you Figured you might know something . Fighters from around the world disappearing seemed to be up your alley . It all started last year . Famous martial artists just started vanishing . The only thing in common is that each is considered the top practitioner in his or her respective art . and no evidence is left behind following any of the abductions . but there 've been no ransom demands . and that 's when I put the badge back on there are forces within Interpol that want this investigation stopped . They say there 's no evidence to link the disappearances . They consider this a waste of resources . right ? once you start talking about fighters from around the world that just brings a lot of stuff floating back up to the surface . Like Shadaloo I won 't believe it till I see it . Not after what I 've been through . I know what they 're capable of . They 're still alive I know it . right ? sir . I 'm sorry . No matter This weapon 's value won 't become evident until we manage to shrink it down and make it commercially viable . lets consider this but a preview to drum up interest . Let it bring people to our little party . Loosen their pocketbooks a bit . Don 't you agree ? we 'll need him . I know this one . He practices an art that was initially developed for assassination . But there should be another that is even more powerful than him . We aren 't after him for his fighting style eclipses even that of the other . That power is called Satsui no Hado . And this power would allow us to bring the BLECE project to fruition ? sir . Satsui no Hado The murderous intent Interesting you have the usual management meeting . VP of European operations has a teleconference scheduled for 11 : 30 . Representatives from the Pacific Rim exposition will be here but allow me to introduce myself . My name 's Maya . I 'm a freelance journalist . but all interviews must be scheduled in advance . I 'd like to get a comment regarding the rising price of crude oil . What 's the Masters Group doing to combat this ? no interview . the greatest American fighter and top dog of the business world . I had you pegged all wrong . I wouldn 't have expected you to get so worked up over a sudden visitor . I thought fighters were supposed to be more laid-back . are you ? I wonder if your friend Ryu is in the habit of turning people away if they don 't have an appointment . but I 'd say you 're worlds apart . I 'll be going now . I 'll be sure to make an appointment next time so your precious rules are protected . Ryu friend ? Still lost in your own head ? We both knew that our last battle wouldn 't be the one to settle the score . That fight can only take place once we 've both truly found ourselves . tempting you to throw away your humanity for unlimited power . But you manage to make even that burden almost noble . I have trouble even relating to you as a fighter these days . I 'm in a whole different world now . Career Family it 's not like they 're a burden . the more I forget what it means to be a warrior . Time just keeps passing and I feel like I 'm running in place . Listen to me go on about my stupid problems Whatever What 's the point ? Ryu . I was born with a silver spoon in my mouth . I didn 't have to work for this . It 's me . About today 's schedule Squeeze in as much as you can . I 'm ready to work . I think we got it . This is definitely where the energy discharge took place . So they did alter the images that 's for sure . Looks like something heavy was sitting here . eh ? Bag them up . Let 's take a few corpses for analysis . Captain ! so I thought I 'd do some digging to see why God ! Human bodies boy ? Until my last breath ! Why do you resist the power within ? I don 't desire power ! I have my sights set higher than that ! then ? but you have no answer . Seeking anything but power is foolishness of the highest order ! The blood flowing through your veins calls out to you . Answer it ! Answer it with your life ! No ! Then I shall murder you myself ! This mundane world is of no concern to us ! We grow stronger by consuming human life ! Enough ! I don 't know anything about my birth . My earliest memories are of master Goutetsu and master Gouken . I remember Akuma training with them . He was strong . Stronger than the others . All he cared about was power . one day he murdered master Gouken . I must defeat Akuma ! I can 't allow myself to become like him in the process . But what can I do ! ? All my blood and sweat and training brings me no closer to finding my true purpose ! Keeping my urges under control takes all the power I can muster ! I don 't know how long I can resist ! Ken ! I 'll just be a minute . thanks . You 're Eliza masters I interviewed your husband the other day . He 's a great man . You saw Ken ? How was he ? Did he seem to be in good spirits ? he 's just been so busy lately . I don 't really get to see him so much . Yeah You feel like a cup of coffee or something ? Just us girls ? there 's a series of large scale secret experiments occurring all over the world . Cammy hasn 't changed a bit That 's right . We found ten so far . And it gets worse . The victims ' identities came as quite a surprise . And a surprise it was . but the fighters we 're tracking down ended up dead . They 'd been abandoned in a shallow grave in the middle of a jungle . But Cammy didn 't just call to give us a shock . not even Delta Red intelligence can figure outjust how they got there . The big picture is still a mystery . Cammy About those animal corpses you collected We 've examined them thoroughly and this is just incredible . Never seen anything li Get on with it . Oh ! OK Are you ready for this ? Some of the victims ' cells seem to have actually exploded . causing it to boil . It 's It 's freaky stuff ! I just I haven 't actually reported this up the chain of command just yet . For some reason I get the feeling it 'd be swept under the rug if I did . The Army and the fbi are suspiciously reluctant to help . but I imagine they 're in the same boat . If even Interpol and Delta Red 's intelligence is being manipulated there must be a huge organization responsible for all this . To tell the truth We did have an investigation going at one point . I even had some leads But We 'll get to the bottom of this ! Too many people have been hurt already ! madam . Thank you . Isn 't it just adorable ? A friend gave it to me . She 's a journalist . I bet your husband will think it 's cute as a button . I hardly ever see him . Still We should talk soon . Contact your boss . Right now ! I 've got a message for him . I don 't appreciate being toyed with . You 're gonna have to show a little more faith . You are regarded as a capable soldier . Is my speaking directly to you not sufficient to show my trust in you ? you 'll call off your lapdogs and let me operate in peace so I can concentrate . I can do that . But are you sure you 're barking up the right tree ? not Ken masters . The time it would take to blindly search for a wandering vagabond like Ryu is a luxury I can 't afford . The fact that you have so many others on the case tells me you 're aware of that much . What we have to do is wait for him to show up . it 's masters . Their friendship and rivalry run deep . friend . perhaps my body could have sustained you a bit longer . All of mankind holds a power within . but eternal Life begets more life and the cycle continues . this power is what drives it all . But what is power ? but security 's too tight for that to be the case . Only one way to find out for sure Look ! That 's the missing American karate champ ! That 's enough ! Sonic Boom ! Hey ! anyway ? but what are they researching ? They 're onto us . We 'd better move . Alright . Let 's go Chun-Li ! Gimme a sec . So we lost another one anyway ? And who 's responsible ? these fighters are being used in some kind of strange experiments . Boiling Liquid Expanding Cell Explosion BLECE . Exploding cells ? Scads of dead animals in the Amazon exhibiting that sort of damage . I 'm no scientist . This stuff 's way over my head . Do you suppose there 's a connection to the missing fighters ? my God Ryu ! ? What ! ? It can be postulated that the completion of the BLECE project hinges a power that lies dormant in this particular subject . BLECE can never achieve its full potential Harnessing the Satsui no Hado ? madness at least we know now that Ryu is going to be their next target . Let 's get moving . We have find him before they do . But how do are we supposed to find him ? He never stays in one place for long . if anyone knows where Ryu is It 's Ken ! That 's right ! I bet he can find him ! Wait What if we 're not the only ones to come to that conclusion ? baby . I thought my secretary followed me home . What 's up ? You OK ? Never mind . You look so tired have we ? baby . I haven 't forgotten about you . Well Who are you trying to forget then ? You The you standing in front of me right now You 're not the Ken Masters I fell in love with . you used to be so laid back and carefree . but you 've changed . so serious . It 's almost like you 're trying to chase someone out of your heart . Tell me what 's going on . I think you give me way too much credit . I was never carefree . I was always serious . Is that what you really want to say ? No I just Stay here . Who 's there ? What is wrong with you people ? What the Sakura ! ? That was a pretty rude welcome you know . I got treated like a common burglar or something . they so started it ! I should hope so ! That 's what I pay them for ! you know . I am uptight . so I 'm later than I 'd expected . dontcha think ? Ken-san . Sakura ? Well I 'm trying to track Ryu-san down . Ryu ? Please tell me where he is ! I don 't know where he is . I figure his stalker oughtta know better than anyone . I don 't . That 's why I came here . So deal . So Why do you need to see him all of a sudden ? Hello ? From Chun-Li ? Put her through . Hey ! Long time no see . What 's up ? You 're calling pretty late . you did ? Sorry . I 've been really busy lately . I told my secretary to only let business calls through . I 'm at home . Yeah ? You 're looking for Ryu ? I 've got no idea . Here ? Now ? but I 'm a little busy right now . We 'll talk when you arrive . I 'm Ryu 's personal assistant now . Ken-san ? Yeah ? Have you heard about the disappearances ? The fighters being kidnapped ? What ? So you haven 't heard . Famous martial artists from all over the world are vanishing . You really didn 't know about it ? I figured all fighters would have heard about it by now . I 've just been so busy lately Tell me all about it ! What 's going on ! ? What have we got here ? You some kinda karateman or somethin ' ? Yeah Something like that . I thought so . I 've got a friend who 's into that . He lives around here . You know him ? I do know him . We 've sparred before . Your friend is quite a fighter . Sure is . It wasn 't enough to help him last year . Haven 't heard from him since . Left behind a young wife . She moved on . Found a new man and got the heck outta Dodge . though . I really don 't know all the details . No one knows what happened to the victims or where they are . The rumor just started circulating pretty recently . the disappearances started last year . All the victims are really famous . No amateurs . Everybody 's talking about it lately . It 's big news . I hadn 't heard That 's not true I just wasn 't listening . Dammit ! That must be what Chun-Li was getting at on the phone . this is no ordinary kidnapping case . Something 's up . That 's why I 'm so worried about Ryu-san . I don 't know where he is or what he 's up to or anything . too . Chun-Li and the others should be here soon enough . We can figure out what to do when they arrive . Looks like I won 't be in the office for a while . It 's me . A truck driver ? " Karateman " ? Put him through . Yeah . That 's right . This is Ken masters . So you 're looking for your missing friend right ? anyway ? I 've located Ryu . Get everything ready . just in case . we found out where Ryu is . he 's a lot closer than you 'd think . What am I doing here ? I guess the nostalgia of hearing about a former opponent got the better of me . And now here I am chasing ghosts He left his family behind when he disappeared . I couldn 't imagine him doing something like that . Who are you ? So we finally meet face to face . if you don 't mind . I suppose you 're feeling a little confused right now . I would be . But I 've known about you for a long time . I was really hoping to meet you under better circumstances . well ! Such power You 're no ordinary fighter ! Tatsumaki ! Well ? Having fun ? Ready to show me what you can really do ? Hold it right there ! Don 't fight her . She 's testing you . Trying to bring out your true power but I know what you want . stop ! She 's too strong for you . What ! ? no ? There 's only one like it . And it 's mine . There 's a lot at stake here . I 'll do what I have to to win . wait ! Ryu ? This poor girl 's about to die . Aren 't you going to save her ? Don 't do it ! If you fight now make your choice ! This is it . It 's happening ! he 's gonna kill me . So this is the Satsui no Hado Beautiful His power 's off the charts . He can 't be captured in this state . At least I got some data for analysis Ryu ! I know you ! no Ryu ! Stop ! No ! Ryu-san ! Stop it ! Cammy ! are you OK ? It 's me . Dispatch a helicopter immediately . We have a man down . She 's in bad shape . Hurry ! Cammy 's condition has stabilized . none of her vital organs were injured . This is my fault . I shouldn 't have let her go ahead of us by herself . OK ! Tell me everything you guys have figured out so far . We managed to get our hands on a research brief detailing a new weapon . The report is addressed to an emerging arms manufacturing corporation Called S.I.N. S.I.N. ? I 've heard of them . but there 's all sorts of rumors linking them to crime syndicates . I 'm pretty sure their ceo is named Seth Seth something . This is S.I.N. ' s latest weapon . It 's codenamed BLECE . biological or nuclear . It 's powered by energy found within the human body . This spiritual energy is what you might call " Ki . The BLECE device provides a method of harnessing human energy to cause a cyclical chain reaction This energy is artificially extracted from the subject and amplified via the device . causing the mitochondria to overflow with excess kinetic energy . causing an expansion that detonates the cells from within . What a fantastic invention it is . It uses the energy inside living things against the very form of life from whence it came . It 's clean . It 's simple . It 's elegant . it will only become a bigger threat . allowing them to harness their Ki to cause massive destructive effects . The subject can easily plant themselves into any crowd and be undetected . The implications this could have on terrorism are frightening . It can be thought of as a way to augment the natural ki energy we all hold within . it could give anyone powers that resemble the Satsui no Hado . A new breed of undetectable assassins will rain destruction down upon civilization . The missing fighters were used as guinea pigs for their research . Their mastery of Ki made them the perfect fodder for their tests . who they regard as the ultimate test subject . I cannot overstate my supreme disappointment . yet you come back to me without even a single shred of data to further our research . Betrayal saddens me . How do you suppose I should deal with this sadness was it ? Plan B was devised precisely for situations such as this . the plan will require a few adjustments . We won 't be able to touch him . We know that now . I propose that the CEO himself grace us with his participation . You strike me as a curious man . I 'm sure you 'd like a chance to see what Ryu is capable of firsthand . Ken masters ? That voice . You 're that maya woman . You remembered ! I 'm honored . I 'm planning a fabulous party aboard a boat . won 't you ? Cut the games . Who are you ? Why did you fight Ryu ? Do you work for S.I.N. ? your wife 's here already . right ? Eliza ! ? No I didn 't even notice she was gone . Tell me what you want ! It 's yours ! What I want ? Quit screwing around ! You kidnapped her ! I know it ! She wouldn 't just leave without telling me ! aren 't you ? How well do you really know your wife ? How many hours did you spend talking with her this week ? Or would minutes be more appropriate ? Didn 't you notice anything on your mantle that wasn 't there before ? isn 't it ? Ken masters . She came here of her own free will . right ? that 's not all I want . You 're going to bring Ryu along for the festivities . Do I make myself clear ? Dammit . They want Ryu in exchange for Eliza . No ! If I hadn 't beaten up your security guards It 's not your fault . This one is all me . So what 's the plan ? I doubt the police would be any use to us . And we can 't just hand Ryu over to them . You got that right ! Ryu isn 't going anywhere ! I 'll rescue Eliza myself ! No I 'll go . then the only way to put a stop to their plan is to keep it under control . so they know I can do it . Can you pull that off ? You just worry about Eliza . too . Have a seat . You tricked me . Hold it right there . Who are you two ? The agency sent us to help with the party . We 're the entertainment . wait a second . Sure this ain 't some mistake ? Didn 't hear nothing about hiring girls . The only mistake Is you two Not knowing when to shut up ! then Ready for a little extra credit ? Yeah ! I called in a favor to an old Coast Guard buddy . teach those goons a lesson ! Let 's split up . I 'll go after Eliza . You take care of the bad guys . I 'll be fine here on my own . You two go join the others . look what the cat dragged in I suppose whoever 's fighting the guards right now are the same ones who stole the data from our facility ? mind you . my intuition tells me that Ryu 's here . That 's all that matters . blondie . I don 't need you anymore . Where is Eliza ! ? Out of my way ! C 'mon ! I 'll beat an answer out of you ! Your wife is right inside that room . but you 're no slouch yourself . mr. masters . babe . Took a little while to get dressed . Love the red . That outfit always did look great on you . Let 's go . This place gives me the creeps . Is it ok for me to exert myself like that ? would running hurt the baby ? I didn 't even know I 'm sorry . I just wanted to surprise you . I 'm so sorry . it 's my fault for not giving you a chance to bring it up . though . Eliza . I just realized the strength that can come from wanting to protect someone you love . I guess that 's my special power . I don 't need Satsui no Hado or anything else . Not when I have so much to look forward to . Ryu ! A good portion of life is spent wondering " why " . There are all manner of things that defy understanding . it is difficult to determine where to begin looking for reason . your presence here was not inevitable . my presence here was far from a foregone conclusion . Yet here we are . Why do you suppose that is ? My apologies for the late introduction I am Seth . Ryu . I know why we are here . I simply could not resist the chance to test out myself . You struggle against the temptation of that power . it must be torture . Ryu ! Ryu ! Ryu-san ! Sho Ryu Ken ! some situations faced head on . find this power inside to be a great temptation And yet you struggle in vain against it even as it seeks to control you utterly . Why do you fight it ? Why ! ? Keep it inside and you will die ! Your death 'll garner nothing . It 'll be without meaning ! Stay back ! Power only has meaning if it is put into action . It defines you . Power like that is what rules the world ! seeks to grow in strength . But this goal is out of reach of ordinary men . beauty . We compare ourselves to others and seek to cover our own inadequacies to find peace of mind . The mere existence of those who are better than us becomes intolerable . We fight in retaliation ! we use money . we resort to violence . This energy is what powers our world ! It is essential . All I seek is to help this natural process along ! I will spread it over the world with but a touch . It is like a well that can never run dry . A precious mineral flowing from an inexhaustible mine ! This power will be mine . Stubborn mule You avert your eyes from the power within and refuse to fight . That may offer you a modicum of empty solace when faced but no more . you will become a disposable test subject no different from the others . I 'm not through fighting . And I do not run from the power I hold within . seek strength . That 's what has driven me all this way . And yet I never truly understood just what power is . Or what it means to be strong . Your words did help me to understand one thing . The power I seek is nothing like what you describe . that is the source of and destination for all of life . The power you 're after is the opposite of this . It can only destroy that which is good . To seek it invites your own demise . That is why I fight ! I fight to rid the world of such diabolical power . I 'll show you what true strength is ! It is the courage to stand up in the face of evil and emerge victorious . What is this nonsense ? Power is power . There is no difference ! Here 's your answer . Let go ! What have you done ? No What is this power ? ! How How could this happen ? You actually hurt me my body ! They 're getting away ! Hope your insurance is paid up ! Ryu ! This is the US Coast Guard . Your are suspected of having entered this harbor without permission . Prepare for a compulsory search of your vessel . Passengers and crew should stand by for further instructions . my God Shadaloo ! I bring you a message from Lord Bison . You put on a fantastic show . Y He 's been watching you all along . as well . S.I.N. ' s success has come only through the manipulation of Shadaloo working behind the scenes to ensure your good fortune . He wanted you to know that . Ken . Did you see that ? I bro ! That was amazing . You really let your true power shine through . Ken . This power Ken-san . so I had to jump at the chance . you know . I 'm not made of money . that 's right . My friend gave me some chocolates she got on her trip to Hawaii . Want some ? They 're really good . we 're right back where we started . even the dispatch of the Coast Guard has been officially denied . It feels like we 're being treated as the enemy instead of the real threat . the connection to Shadaloo It all goes unpunished The evil is still out there . but the truth is that S.I.N. has been manipulating Shadaloo . Fool . It 's me . About that new power Ryu displayed for us the other day sir . Crimson Viper . Your report was more than satisfactory . Keep this up and we should know everything there is to know about S.I.N. ' s activities . and we know you 've been through hell already . But there is simply no one else as suited to this job as you . Please understand . we can bring S.I.N. to justice . sir . I understand my mission . Ryu ? It 's just that bird Looks like he got separated from the flock . Yeah maybe I guess this is goodbye . Thanks . anyway ? you 've already proven you can keep the Satsui no Hado under control . That may have been an exception . I 'm not sure I can do it every time . It took an incredible amount of concentration . I 'm still nowhere near finished with my training . I guess there 's no arguing with you . Go if you have to . Go to places the rest of us can only dream of . I wish you well . we 'll meet again . I 'm looking forward to seeing how strong you 've become by then . but our life-force is one and the same . I 'm sure our paths will lead to the same destination . we will meet again i guarantee it Subtitles ßy MühàmmáÐ Ü § mâñ
