 Previously , on Fringe ... We have evidence that indicates William Bell may be involved with several biological attacks . I will turn this world over looking for him . William Bell is not in this world . I 've been waiting for this . Who are you ? - I 'm William Bell . - Where am I ? You were missing from your car for at least an hour before you came crashing back through the windshield . He told me something . Who ? I don 't know , I can 't remember . But it was very important . There 's something that I have to do . Walter thinks ... he was a shape-changing soldier from another universe . Charlie , what if I don 't want to remember ? Mind if we speed things up , Kurt ? I 'd hate for these popsicles to melt . I don 't think we have to worry about that . Cargo is secure . Who is this guy ? Hey , I was wondering if I could get some directions . What are you doing here ? You 're trespassing , pal . Why don 't you get in your car and turn around ? Yeah , sure . Oh , my God ! Son of a bitch ! We got to call - - Anyone else in the warehouse ? - That 's it . The keys are in his pocket . Let me know if he 's in there . You know where to reach - Aah ! " Momentum Deferred " 100 , Walter . Almost . 50 more chops . - Agent Dunham . - Walter , hey . So , you said you wanted to see me . Oh , I had an idea . I think I may be able to help you retrieve your memories from the accident , when you disappeared from the automobile in New York . I - I remember that bit . Of course you do . Walter , I thought that we agreed that this was a stupid idea . No , you decided . I still maintain that the principle is perfectly sound . He wants you to eat worms . Not just worms , flatworms ! The thing is , Agent Dunham , I recalled an experiment that Belly and I did w - where we trained a handful of flatworms to respond to light . We then crushed them up and fed them to other worms . It was Belly 's idea . Because who wouldn 't think to do that ? The point is that these other worms , without having been trained , began to respond to light . It seems the first worms transferred their memories to the other worms through ingestion . Right , but that still has nothing to do with stimulating Agent Dunham 's memory . How will we know unless we try ? That 's why it 's called an experiment , Peter . Thanks . I know what an experiment is . - Uh , guys ? - If Archimedes never decided to take a bath - Astrid , water . I was going to mix it with strawberries . Bishop 's deli . This is what we know so far . Facility manager arrived to work this morning at 6 : 30 , saw the bodies and called it in to the local P. D. So the robbery took place in the middle of the night . That makes three cryogenic facilities in a week , same M. O. as Chicago and New York . Yeah , but chicago was a straight " B " and " E. " But in all three cases , the target was the same . Frozen heads . Which does bring up several obvious questions - First of which , what the hell for ? Police recovered ten shell casings from a nine millimeter . Looks like a single perp rolled up and dropped four men , two of whom were armed . Excuse me . Can I see the body that 's bleeding silver now ? Fascinating . Walter . Perfect , son . It has the consistency of mercury . These robberies are obviously connected . We should pull the files on New York and Chicago . I 'll make some calls , tell the local agents that we 're taking over the investigations . Yes , sir . You okay ? Uh , yeah . So , um , what does Walter think ? Meet Mr. Silver-Blood . Walter thinks it 's actually mercury . Mercury ? Agent Francis , hello . Hey . You all right ? You look pale . Yeah . I didn 't get much sleep last night . Oh . I may be able to help you with that . A little cannabis before bedtime does wonders , huh ? I recognize this . This is the device the shape-shifter used . You look like hell . That was , uh ... That was sloppy . You killed four men last night , including one of our own . There 's nothing to link him to us . Maybe not , but now the FBI - They have him . They understand what he is . You 've been in this body too long . You 're dying . You need to get back home and get fitted with a new conversion device . I 'd let you use mine ... but what would be the point ? Yeah . It wouldn 't do anything anyway . You 've asked for extraction . They say not until the mission is done . They 're real sweethearts . Damn . That 's the last one . He 's not here . There 's another facility in North Carolina . I have another idea . Olivia Dunham is starting to remember her time on the other side . I 'm thinking she may know where it 's hidden . His head ? Yeah . What makes you think that ? If Bell knows that we 're looking for it , it seemed like a likely reason why he 'd bring her over to the other side . Well , if you 're right , and you don 't want that body to be your last , then I suggest you do whatever it takes to make her remember . Why ? Why ... Why are shape-shifting soldiers from another universe stealing frozen heads ? The most likely explanation that we can think of is that they 're looking for a specific head , but they don 't know where it is . Okay . Then who ? We don 't know . These facilities pride themselves on secrecy . So despite the thefts , none of them have been willing to give up their client lists . What about the other device , the one we found a few weeks ago ? Did it give any indication who these people are ? Unfortunately , the other device is broken . We asked Massive Dynamic to see what they could make of it , but apparently they 've been stumped . Well , this one doesn 't appear to be damaged . So maybe Peter can figure something out . I suppose he knows a guy ? He knew enough about engineering to fake his way into M. I. T. Well , let me know if you learn anything . In the meantime , I 'm considering giving you a protective detail . A protective detail ? Why ? The last time Peter showed me one of these devices , its owner had just tried to kill you . I 'm not worried , 'cause that was six weeks ago . So if a shape-shifting assassin wanted me dead ... then I would be . Let 's see how this thing operates . What are you saying , this is not a person ? My dear , I 'm not certain that you 're not simply a figment of my imagination . No , this is certainly not human , rather a highly advanced technology - A mechano / organic hybrid . I suspect that they produce or possibly ingest the mercury and that it controls the tissue , instructing it to take and maintain shapes . What ? We have to call Agent Dunham . I need to talk to her right away . Okay . You know what this reminds me of ? Did you ever see that movie Invasion of the Body Snatchers ? Which version - Don Siegel or Philip Kaufman ? The remake . I remember when I saw that movie , I was so scared , I didn 't sleep for a week . I was convinced that if I fell asleep , I was gonna be replaced by a pod person . Is this your way of trying to ask me if I 'm scared ? No , of course not . I mean , I figure if you were scared , you 'd tell me , right ? Besides , I figure between the two of us , you 're the one that carries the gun . What the hell ? - What is it ? - I 'm not sure . I was just trying to turn it on , but ... Looks like this thing is streaming data ... and lots of it . I 've got good news and bad news . The bad news is that the shape-shifter 's blood is 47 % mercury . Which means ? Well , I 'm not sure , but I went back and re-examined the autopsy reports for the first shape-shifter . - And ? - And ... her blood sample is perfectly normal - Just traces of mercury , which would suggest that , despite what we thought back then - She wasn 't a shape-shifter at all . I 'm afraid so . So the shape-shifter is still alive , which means by now , it could be disguised as anyone . And you could still be in danger . Would you like to hear the good news now ? I think I may know how to find him . Rebecca Kibner . You showed us this . The girl you experimented on . Yes , to see things others could not . Oh , yes , a soldier ... Oh , from somewhere else . There . He 's glowing , man . If she was able to identify the shape-shifter once , she may be able to do it again . He 's from a place that looks like this , but it 's not here . He 's - He 's from another universe , man . Hey , looks like we may have some leads on how to identify the shape-shifters . Walter has an idea , and I have a thought about the device . But in the meantime , can you check in with Broyles , see if there 's something new from the crime scenes ? Sure thing . Hmm ... Starting your own pharmacy ? You found another one . Peter says this device is streaming loads of data , and he also believes it 's possible that these devices store a pattern of their last victim . Our scientists have the same theory . In fact , they thought they might be able to extract an image . They also theorize that each device is tuned to a specific user , which suggests that since the shape-changer that tried to kill you no longer has his device , he 's trapped in his current body . Our scientists have been working on revealing that shape-shifter 's identity , but what with all the damage to the other unit - Well , this one is intact . Then let 's take a look , shall we ? So can you fix it ? Do you understand you 're asking me if I can repair a piece of technology that is entirely unlike anything that has ever existed here on Earth ? Brandon - Now that I have one that works , I can do it in three hours ... tops . Good , then get started right away . Yeah . Okay , I 'm gonna head back to Boston . Will you call me if he gets it working ? Oh , I can do better than that . I can set up a rendering program and patch you in ... in real time . If you want , you can see it all for yourself . From a computer , from your cell phone , I can log you into our server . - Ahem . - The public one . The public server , of course ... if it 's okay with you . Nice house . Yes , it 's lovely . Rebecca always had fine taste . Do you think she 'll remember me ? I think she might . I 'm gonna guess there 's not too many men in her life who have strapped her to a table and pumped her full of a massive amount of psychedelics . Walter , you didn 't - What , son ? Uh , nothing . Peter , wait . Could you do the talking ? Please , son . Sure . Ms. Kibner ? Hi . I 'm Peter Bishop . Walter ? Is it you ? Hello , Rebecca . Oh , my God . Hello . Hi . Walter . At first , I assumed it was all just a figment of my imagination and the LSD , of course . But after a while , it wasn 't just during the experiments . I would see their faces in front of me . They seemed to have , I don 't know , a certain glow about them . The shape-shifters ? Mm-hmm . It-it took me a year or two to really understand it . But I realized that ... I was recognizing people that ... didn 't belong . You know , like that children 's song - " One of These Things is Not Like the Others . " " One of These Things is Not Like the Others . " One of These Things Just Doesn 't Belong . " Sesame Street . Yes , that 's it . Our experiment triggered an ability to see beyond the limits of your vision . You gave me a great gift , Walter . You , uh ... opened my mind for a time . In fact , I even tried to look you up about ten years ago , tried to contact Harvard , but no one knew where you were or how to reach you . I was - traveling . My father was traveling . Ms. Kibner , you said " for a time . " Does that mean that the ability has faded ? Not entirely , no . Comes and goes as it pleases . I just have memories . These people - The shape-shifters - We have reason to believe that some of them are amongst us right now . We were hoping that you might be able to help us identify them . I told you , it 's-it 's mostly gone . What if you could get it back - Your ability ? You mean do the experiment again ? Which I must advise against . Anytime one exposes one 's brain to that amount of hallucinogens - Yeah , sure . I 'll help you . Just a couple more . Actually , that one goes more on my temple . You 're an old pro at this , huh ? Drug-infused mystical awakenings , guided by your father , aren 't exactly something you can forget . Hi . Uh , I 'm Agent Olivia Dunham . Rebecca . Thank you so much for doing this . - Sure . - Walter , you said you wanted to start her with salvia . - We don 't have any salvia . - Huh ? You used to , um ... in that cabinet on the second shelf over on the right . Got it . Ah . Oh . I don 't suppose you recall where I left my slippers . Excuse me . Astrid , can you do me a favor ? Do you think you could log onto this site from your computer ? " Massive Dynamic . " This looks like their secure FTP . Mm-hmm . Sure thing . This is the first of the psychedelics . Ready to begin ? I think I 've been ready for the past ten years . Okay . It 's working . The tech must be rebuilding the image from the broken device . It looks like a department store mannequin . Okay . Now let 's just load it up on my phone . When Belly and I first did this , we prepped her for 36 hours . But I 'm thinking ... for this type of spatial disorientation , we can reduce it to a few moments . Isn 't that dangerous ? More than injecting her with substantial amounts of untested , homemade psychoactive drugs ? Astrid ... Get me three syringes of phenothiazine . It 's on the top shelf , under " A " for " Anti-Psychotics . " And two vials of Valium ... just to be safe . - Ready ? - Yes , son . I want you to tell me if this starts to get uncomfortable , okay ? Thank you . I met you once before . You were just a baby , but ... I swore I saw ... Ohh ! Ohh , here we go ! I think we 're ready , Walter . Rebecca , focus on my voice . What ? Concentrate on the people who don 't belong . You mean ... the ones that change their appearance ? There 's no need to be afraid . You can see them ... Hey , Peter . They can 't see you . Listen to my voice . I 'm going to take you over the threshold . We 're walking through Johnston Gate into Harvard Yard . Can you see it ? It 's autumn , and it 's late . The leaves crunch under our feet . Past the statue of John Harvard . Now we 're passing University Hall , Memorial Church is up ahead . Ring . Walter ! Hey , Walter . Olivia . Olivia ! Olivia ! Olivia . After all these years ... it is so nice to finally see you again . You 'll have to forgive me . The method by which I brought you over here was crude , and I 'm sorry for that , but there were people who were trying to prevent our meeting . This is not at all the kind of reunion I 'd always envisioned . The reunion that you had envisioned ? Dr. Bell , I have been trying to meet with you for over a year . Please , call me William ... or " Willam " if that feels warmer to you . Willam-that 's what you always called me when you were a girl . How do you like your tea ? I don 't want any tea . I want answers . You 're still a little disoriented from the time slips , aren 't you ? Happened to me when I first came here . You 're-you 're out of sync with this side . You 're lucky . Most people who cross dimensions without your natural talent are simply torn apart . Well , " lucky " isn 't the word that I would choose . Ahh . I don 't know how much Walter 's told you by now . I don 't know how much he remembers . He told me what you two did to me when I was just a girl ... How you conducted drug trials on young children . We weren 't trying to hurt you , Olivia . We weren 't trying to hurt anybody . Hey , guess what ? You did . I 've met some of the others . To say that they are permanently damaged would be an understatement . Yes . In any search for knowledge , there are always unintended consequences - Victims , you might say . But not you . I can see that ... just by looking at you . In fact , you 're just coming into your ability . I 've seen history repeat itself enough times to know a war is coming , just as we predicted , Walter and I , years ago , and we knew that we had to prepare a guardian , someone to watch the gate . The gate ? Between this side and yours . I would like to say " ours , " because that 's where I came from , but I 'm afraid I would sound disingenuous . Go on . For reasons that will become clear in time , I cannot go back yet , maybe not ever . But now we know how difficult it is to cross over . I can count on my hand the number of people who 've done it safely . But on this side , they 've become more insidious . They have designed hybrids - Part organic tissue , part machine - that can do things that humans can 't . They can change shapes , taking the form of human beings . Over here , they call them " the first wave . " So you 're saying that these hybrids are already on our side . I know it 's difficult to grasp . Oh , I can grasp it just fine . I don 't trust you , Dr. Bell ... or William or ... Willam ... or whatever cutesy name you think might appeal to my childhood instincts . It won 't . Your company has been involved in , if not directly responsible for , some of the most horrific things that I have ever seen , to say nothing of the fact that you just yanked me into a parallel universe to warn me about an inter-dimensional war that I believe you are responsible for starting . So what I want is not warmth or tea . It 's the truth . The truth will come out . It always does . Livvy , you don 't have to trust me . You don 't even have to like me , but you can 't deny I have a unique perspective , shaped by having lived in two worlds . I know the difference a wrong choice can make ... or a right one . For example , this building is still standing because different choices were made . So , Livvy , if you can look past your anger , you may find that I 'm more of an ally than you think . A storm is coming , perhaps the last and worst storm of all . And when it is over , I fear there will be little left of our world . The shape-shifters on your side are looking for someone , someone to open the door between universes , and if they find him , there will be no stopping them , and that is why you must find him first . Me ? You are the one , Olivia . Of all the children that Walter and I prepared , you were the strongest . You were always the strongest . Remember this symbol . It 's hidden on their leader . That 's how you 'll know him . Show this to Nina Sharp . She can help you . We 're out of time . Olivia . Olivia . Olivia ! Can you hear me ? Astrid , nitroglycerine , 30 CCs . Peter , please turn the head to the side , make sure she can breathe . Walter , what 's happening ? I think she 's receiving a flood of memories . It could be too much , too fast . You should stand . I think it 'll be less painful that way . What will ? And remember this - Einai kalytero ... Anthropo apo ton patera toy . Tell that to Peter . You 're going to need him by your side . Tell it to him . He 'll know what it means . We have to shock her heart . There 's a vial of adrenaline , Peter . And I 'm afraid there 's no avoiding what has to happen next . I pulled you out of a moving car . Momentum can be deferred , but it must always be paid back in full . Okay . Into her heart , between the ribs . Count to three : One , two ... As I once said to Walter , physics is a bitch . - Three ! - Sorry , Olivia . I need to speak to Nina Sharp . - Nina Sharp . - Nina , we need to talk . Olivia ? Look , I 'm on my way there now . I 'm sorry . I 'm just about to leave for Hong Kong . I have a message from William Bell . Cancel the plane . I wish I could have been more of a help to you . Oh , you did great . You sure you 're all right to drive ? Oh , she 's fine . The injections I gave her would have counteracted any hallucinogenics in her system . - Peter . - Yeah ? I think I 'd like to drive home with her . You just said that all the drugs were out of her system . How are you gonna get back home , Walter ? The bus . Okay . Peter , I need some money . He said okay . Terrific . It was a pleasure meeting you . You too , Peter . Say good-bye to Agent Dunham for me , will you ? What ? Oh , nothing . I ... I 'm sorry . It 's probably just the drugs . Hey . Where is everyone ? Uh , Peter and Dr. Bishop are out , and Olivia went to New York to see Nina Sharp . I can call her if you want me to . She just left - a few minutes - - No , that 's okay . I 'll talk to her when she gets back . What is this ? Oh , that 's Massive Dynamic . They 're rebuilding the image from the broken device . Dr. Bell showed you this ? Yeah . Have you ever seen that before-that symbol ? No . Well , that 's what he told me . He said it would be hidden somewhere on their leader 's body . Well , then I suspect it would be on his head , assuming that 's what the cryogenic hijackings are about . And that 's all Dr. Bell told you ? He said that the man with that mark ... would try to open a door between our two worlds ... that a storm was coming , and that the only way to stop it would be for me to find him before the shape-shifters did . A storm ? Yeah . What ? It was a phrase he used . When Dr. Bell realized the existence of the other side , the thing he dreaded most was the inevitable collision ... if our two universes ever came together . Collision ? The Pauli exclusion principle means that no two objects can occupy the same space at the same time . Dr. Bell was afraid that if the doorway between the two sides was ever opened that the unavoidable conclusion ... only one world would remain . It 's what he called the last great storm . Laston-Hennings Cryonics . I 'm sorry . I have to go . Olivia ? Whatever Massive Dynamic can do to help find this man , we 're at your service . - How 'd you know ? - Listen to me carefully . My car 's around the corner , we got a SWAT team inbound . As soon as I verify you 're out of this building , they 're gonna shred this place . Let 's move . Oh , God , Charlie , I almost told her everything . I got to call Broyles . What do you mean " almost " ? Well , I just realized where it is , the head that they 're looking for . Bell told me . It 's at Laston-Hennings Cryonics . It 's me . Laston-Hennings Cryonics . What are you doing ? Won 't you come in ? I don 't think I should . The bus leaves every half hour , and ... Oh , I only have 14 minutes to walk to the stop . Some day , huh ? Not at all what I expected when I woke up this morning . That 's the way of things . The best days and the worst days rarely are . Rebecca , what I did to you - It was wrong . - Oh , Walter . - No , no . You were young , and I took advantage , and ... I 've wanted to do that for so long . Oh , Walter , what you did - You made me ... special . The truth is ... I believe you were always special . I must go ... under 12 minutes . You had no choice . If you didn 't kill him , he would have killed you . It 's not your fault . Whatever that thing was , it wasn 't Charlie . They killed him for what ? To open a door to the other side ? And who are these people , and what do they want ? What did we do to them ? Laston-Hennings Cryonics was hit 15 minutes before our protective detail arrived . They took everything . All the cryo-capsules are gone . So they found who they were looking for . I assume so . William Bell pulled me to another universe ... to give me a warning . That 's how important this is . And I failed . Olivia , we 'll find them .
