 ( whooshes ) MARK : In my flash-forward , I was investigating what caused all this . I seemed to have an idea why all of this was happening . Priority number one : Finding out what caused this . Priority number two is figuring out whether or not it 'll happen again . What if I didn 't see anything because six months from now , - I 'm gonna be dead ? - D. Gibbons is a bad man . Tracy was killed in Afghanistan , but in my flash-forward , she 's alive . You 're worried your future 's gonna come true . I 'm worried mine won 't . ( cell phone rings ) This is Demetri . WOMAN : Mr. Noh ? I 'm sorry to disturb you , but I 'm calling in response to your mosaic board posting . Who is this ? How did you get this number ? I can 't divulge that , but I can tell you my vision involved you . - Go on . - In my flash-forward , I was reading an intelligence briefing , and I am sorry . There is no delicate way to say this , but on March 15th , 2010 , you are going to be murdered . What ? What the hell are you talking about ? I understand why you 're upset , but my hope is by telling you what I know , you will be able to prevent your murder from happening . Your briefing- - Did it say who killed me ? I 'm afraid not . Well , what did it say then ? That you were an agent from the American FBI , and that you were shot three times in the chest . You gotta give me more to go on here . What--what kind of briefing was this ? I 'm sorry , Mr. Noh . I have to end this call now . No . Wait . Wait ! Hello ? Hello ! ( dialing ) Hello ? Hello ? ( error tone sounds ) AUTOMATED FEMALE VOICE : I 'm sorry . Your call - cannot be completed as dialed . - ( grunts ) Come on ! " 137 Sekunden " ( birds chirping ) ( speaking German ) ( chuckles ) We 're trapped in here . We have to get out . I 'm f-freezing ! At least you have fur . Hey , Nicole , it 's Olivia again . Look , babe , we 're not mad , okay ? We 're just worried about you . So can you please call and let us know you 're all right ? Okay , we 'll speak to you soon . Bye . ( beep ) Man . We gotta cover for Nicole again . I can pick Charlie up after school , - take her back to work with me . - Are you sure ? Yeah . We 're sifting through blackout intel from Interpol and such . I 'll welcome the distraction . - ( doorbell rings ) - OLIVIA : Okay . - That 's Aaron . - Aaron 's coming here ? Phone 's broke . Said he 'd take a look . I just called Nicole . Yeah , the problem 's with my work line . You called me from your work phone , said it was urgent . And now you 're lying to Olivia ? ( scoffs ) If you want to prevent the future and save your marriage , first step isn 't keeping secrets from your wife . Take that from a guy who 's already been divorced , huh ? This is different . It 's about Charlie . What happened ? You know she 's been freaking out about what she saw , right ? There 's a guy we 've been investigating . We 've been calling him D. Gibbons . Charlie 's vision had to do with him . She knew who he was . She said , " D. Gibbons is a bad man . " - How is that even possible ? - In my flash-forward , ( whoosh ) masked gunmen were comin into the office . Maybe D. Gibbons is connected to ' em . You think whoever 's supposed to be after you will come after Charlie ? What if this whole investigation circles back on me ? Well , isn 't that always the risk with your line of work ? And shouldn 't you be talking to somebody down at your office ? Blackout 's changed everything . I 'll tell you what I 'd do- - father to father . If someone 's gonna hurt your family , the best thing to do is catch ' em before they can . The world 's changed . Maybe the rules need to change a little , too . If it were up to me , I 'd do whatever I had to do . ( jet engine revving ) CAPTAIN : Ladies and gentlemen , this is your captain speaking . Welcome aboard Flight 82 for Los Angeles . We 've gotten the okay from the tower to push back as soon as all carry-ons and personal items are safely stored . Flight attendants ... MAN : So are you flying to home or from ? To . Back to my fiancé . I 've been stuck here since the blackout . But now that the airlines are up and running again ... I hopped on the first flight they were offering . What were you doing in Seattle ? I 'm a lawyer- - criminal defense . What about you ? Why are you flying ? I have to . I 'm the C.E.O. of the airline . ( jet engines powering up ) All the executives are taking flights today ... to prove to our customers that the skies are safe again . How 's that working out for you ? Gangbusters . Another scotch . ( jet engines revving ) ( indistinct conversations ) - Al . - Yo . - Can I ask you a favor ? - Sure . What do you need ? I got a call last night from an unknown number . Can you have the tech guys back-trace it through the carrier and see if they can identify the cell sites it was routed through ? What 's the priority on this ? Nuclear . How 's it going ? Let me put it this way- - I miss the good , old days when law enforcement didn 't share their leads with each other . We 're gonna be cashing in our pensions before we finish sifting through all of this intel . Kingdom of Tonga ? Now who knew they even had an intelligence agency ? They 're blaming the flash-forwards on phytoplankton blooms . Well , I 'll see your boring and raise you an insane . " The flash-forwards were caused by a toxic gas " that was released from deep within the earth as a result of crustal rifting . " So the earth farted , and we blacked out . - That makes sense to me . - ( chuckles ) At least this one 's vetted by our legates in Germany . Apparently there 's a-a prisoner , a former Nazi- - A Rudolf Geyer--who 's claiming to know why the blackouts lasted exactly 137 sekunden . Sekunden . That 's german for " seconds . " ( whoosh ) Wait a minute . The guy who sent this in- - Do you have a picture of him ? That 's him . He was on my board . We gotta follow up on this . Based on what , Mark- - your spidey sense ? Something spookier . The Nazi 's report ... mentions Mark by name . Let me see if I got this right . We got agents working 24 / 7 to identify the two guys who were awake during the blackout . This week alone I 've gotta figure out how to eulogize eight dead agents , and you want to fly to Germany to talk to a Nazi ? Well , a former Nazi . Well , that just makes me feel so much better . Geyer requested a meeting with me specifically . How does he even know you ? I have no idea , but he says he can explain why the blackout lasted 137 seconds , and he won 't talk unless I see him face-to-face . And in the meantime , you 're getting nowhere with tracking down Suspect Zero or D. Gibbons . N.S.A. ' s still working on the Suspect Zero video . And we 're running down digital forensics from D. Gibbons ' cell phone . For all we know , it 's Geyer 's information that will lead us to them . Book the flights . ( woman speaking indistinctly over P.A. ) I thought I was never gonna see you again . Me , too . So can I tell you now ? Tell me what ? What I saw in my flash-forward . Zo- - What 's the big deal , babe ? It 's not like we didn 't see the same thing . Here . We could talk , or ... - Or ? - Or we could go to a motel ... Oh ! I like your thinking , stranger . ( both laugh ) ( horns honking ) ( bottles clink ) What can I get you ? Just a soda water , Kate . What the hell are you doing here ? Our daughter 's alive , Kate . I saw her during the blackout . In my vision , I was with her . She was wounded . I th--I think it might have been somewhere in Afghanistan . Are you sure you weren 't dead ? Maybe you were in heaven with her . Hey , you might want to check on that with your higher power . I 'm serious , Kate . You know what people have been saying . This thing is real- - glimpses of what 's to come . ( chuckles ) What 's to come ? You want to know what I saw ? This . I was doing the same thing I 'm doing now , same thing I 've been doing the past five years . And those sorry-ass regulars there ? They were here , too . What you saw was wishful thinking . Let her go , Aaron . I can 't . Not when I know she needs me . - She 's out there . I 'm positive . - She 's dead ! She 's buried ! This isn 't about some vision . This is about you coming up with a fantasy because you feel guilty , 'cause you 're the reason she went into the military in the first place . - That 's not true . - No , of course it is . She 's daddy 's little girl , following in your footsteps . Why are you doing this , anyway ? - What do you want from me , anyway ? - Hey . Stop , stop . It 's all right . I just want your signature . I need you to sign an affidavit so I can exhume her remains . Well , you 're not gonna get it , Aaron . Why don 't you just take this and go ? I 'm gonna find her , Kate , whether you help me or not . And when I do , I 'll let you know . ( Zoey and Demetri chuckle ) That 's the second time I 've blacked out this week . ( both laugh ) Now can I tell you about what I saw ? Okay . It was our wedding . It was on a beach- - Hamoa beach in Hawaii , I think , where we went last spring . ( whoosh ) It was so peaceful . The wind and- - and the waves ... ( whoosh ) Everything was perfect . - And you saw me there ? - Yeah . Did you see me ? Yeah . Of course I saw you ... In that white dress ... ( whispers ) Barefoot . Baby , you were so beautiful . It 's just like you described . You realize that 's gonna be our wedding day , don 't you ? April 29th ? D-Day ? All that 's happened , baby , I 'm not sure we should ... - commit to a date . - We already have . So ... Can 't you just ... fall back ... Let the future happen like it 's supposed to ? Welcome to Munich . Agent Benford , Agent Hawk . - Stefan Krieger . - Hello . I 'll be your B.N.D. liaison during your stay . Thanks for arranging this meeting on such short notice . You 're here as guests of the German government . As such , you have no actual authority and will proceed with appropriate decorum . Agreed ? Agreed . There are a lot of ghosts here . Isn 't this where Sophie Scholl and the rest of the White Rose Nazi resistance group were executed ? If I 'm not mistaken , your country eradicated it 's indigenous Indian population and practiced institutionalized slavery for over 250 years . We also gave the world Britney Spears . ( clank ) Rudolf Geyer may present himself as a frail , forgetful old man , but I should remind you that he managed to elude capture for more than half a century . Spending at least 20 of those years within your own U.S. borders . He 's an unrepentant murderer . His entire existence has been based on dissemblance and falsehood . Never forget that . ( buzzes ) ( door clanks ) Herr Geyer . Gentlemen ... and lady . I 've looked forward to meeting you , Herr Benford . For quite some time . ( whoosh ) - How did you know my name ? - I saw it in my vision . You said you had information about the flash-forward , about how long they lasted . It 's not quite that simple , I 'm afraid . You see , before my unfortunate incarceration , I lived in America , and I learned how you can 't get something for nothing . We 've anticipated this , Herr Geyer . Upon verification of your information , you will be transferred to a minimum security facility . ( speaks German ) But I had more than a gesture in mind . I want to return to America , and all charges against me ... are dropped . You 're dreaming . I 'm not permitting my client to breathe a word of what he knows without getting his pardon first . I believe we have what 's called a game of chicken . Who do you think will blink first ? Before you answer , consider the fact I have nothing to lose . He 's playing us . Think about it . This is win-win for him . At best , he 's just jerking us around for a few days ' entertainment , and at worst he goes free , - and we have no- - - We 'll figure out a way to cover ourselves if he 's lying . No , you heard his lawyer . They 're not gonna let us cover ourselves . Mark , this is full pardon or nothing , and that 's exactly what Geyer 's gonna give us . We don 't know that . The only thing we know is Geyer 's important to our case six months from now , - which means , Janis- - - Yeah , listen to yourself . - I am listening . - Mark , six months from now ? Come on . The only thing we know at this point is how much we don 't know . Mark , you 're talking about letting a mass murderer go free in exchange for potentially nothing . Janis , there are several billion people- - several billion- - who need answers . That 's not nothing . They need to know why it happened , whether it 'll happen again . The guy makes me sick . But he 's 86 years old . He 's on his way out . And as much as I 'd like to personally help him on his way , I have to ask myself if the ends don 't justify the means here . They never do , Mark . And you know , Geyer 's age is irrelevant . There 's no statute of limitations on evil . Geyer deserves his punishment , and his victims deserve him getting that punishment , and you can 't take that , away from them on a hope . WOMAN : So how 's Mark handling all of this ? The usual way- - throwing himself into work . - How about Stan ? - The same . Since becoming bureau assistant director , he 's convinced he has to work twice as hard as everybody else in the bureau . Mm . He 's pulled two all-nighters in a row , working on this eulogy for the--the memorial service . Like if he found just the right words , he could bring these agents back to life . Well , Mark 's convinced that what he saw in his flash-forward is somehow going to save us all . So Mark saw himself saving the world , and what did you see ? ( whoosh ) Hey , honey . Nothing important . How about you ? I was home . I was in Jason 's room , but all of his stuff was gone . That makes sense . He 's in college , right ? He still comes home for holidays . But in my vision , everything was gone and replaced by a young boy 's things . He was about 8 or 9 years old , and I was putting him to bed . Good night , Mom . Good night , Attaf . OLIVIA : And you 've never seen this kid before ? No . No , never . Look , people are saying these visions are real . So I don 't know how , but in the next six months , this little boy 's gonna come into my life , and I 'm gonna be his mom . I refuse to believe these visions are random . There is a purpose . I just--I know it . GEYER : We have a compromise to suggest- - One piece of information now ... and one later . An offer of proof . You verify certain aspects of my client 's flash-forward , pardon him . Then he will give you the remainder of what he knows . Fine . The 137 seconds- - Why ? In my time at Treblinka , I , uh , obviously came into contact with many Jews . I also came to learn about certain aspects - of their beliefs , their culture- - - Is this going somewhere ? Eh ... Tell me , Miss Hawk , why do you wear a ring on your left thumb ? What 's it matter ? In some Eastern European countries , uh , where homosexuality is illegal , a ring on a woman 's left thumb is considered an indication of her ... proclivities . What does this have to do with anything ? Everything and nothing . I am merely referencing a certain kind of code . I will now make a reference to another kind of code . Have you heard of Kabbalah ? It 's a set of esoteric teachings- - Jewish mysticism . In Kabbalah , everything has a hidden meaning . This is the word spelled in Hebrew ... Qof , belt , Lamed , hei . And each letter in the Hebrew alphabet is ascribed a number . And if you add up these numbers , you arrive at 137- - Exactly the number of seconds that the blackout lasted . ( pounds table ) Listen to me ... The only reason I 'm sharing the same air as you is because you said you 've got relevant information . And you 've got exactly one minute to prove that to me , or I 'm gone . You won 't leave . Not yet . I have information that 'll prove crucial to your investigation . And I know it , because in my flash-forward ... I was being repatriated to the United States . And I had bought my freedom with the second piece of information ... Which I am prepared to share with you . What did you see ? - ( whoosh ) - I was in an American airport . I don 't know which one . I was clearing through immigration . There was a young man who was processing my documents . I remember he had a nametag that read " Jerome Murphy . " Disappointing , Agent Benford 's not here to welcome me home . ( laughs ) ( German accent ) Coming back from Germany , ja ? Returning home , actually , and I have one murder to thank for it . A murder ? Whose murder ? This is just our offer of proof . Locate this customs agent , this J. Murphy . Compare his flash-forward to my client 's . Confirm he 's telling the truth . Are you enjoying watching us jump through your hoops ? I hope you are . Because you 're never leaving this prison , Geyer . I will leave ... on April 29th , 2010 . It is a future that has already happened . I can 't believe you 're running with this . Let 's just see if his flash-forward proves out . If it does , it means Geyer 's free in six months ' time which means he 's telling us the truth . Or a lie we believed . Are you okay with this ? ( cell phone rings ) ( beep ) - Benford . - Hey , it 's me . You got a minute ? Aaron , what 's up ? I need a favor- - a big favor . It 's for Tracy . I want to get her remains exhumed , test ' em against the D.N.A. The military 's got on file for her . Aaron . Tell you what--I 'll listen to any " this isn 't a good idea " speeches you gotta give if you can swear you wouldn 't do the exact same thing if it were Charlie . Okay . You fax over the paperwork . - I 'll push it through . - There 's no paperwork , 'cause it 's not signed , and it 's not signed 'cause it needs Kate 's signature . I need you to push through more than paperwork here . Aaron , that 's- - - I said it was a big favor . - Leaving aside the illegality , have you thought about what 'll happen if the results come back positive , and the person in that grave is Tracy ? I saw her , Mark . I saw her alive . What you saw was impossible . That 's what makes it a leap of faith , Mark . You 've never taken a leap of faith ? DEMETRI : Mark , I 'm a little busy right now , all right ? Yeah , I 'm sorry . I 'm--I 'm just ... Everything 's fine with Zoey . Listen , I 'll take care of it . You tell him I 'll call when I 've got the warrant . Okay . A warrant ? For a customs officer ? No , that 's ... something else . Listen , Marcie ran through the T.S.A. employee database , and there aren 't any J. Murphys working customs at any of the airports in the continental United States . Did you check applicants ? No . Geyer said he spoke to an actual officer . Six months from now . Our guy might not be working customs yet . Have Marcie check . If she finds something , run it down . There a problem ? My head 's just not in the game today , boss . - Demetri ? - Yeah . Get it in the game . # I want to put on # # my my my my my boogie shoes # Hello ? # Just to boogie with you # # I want to do it till the sun comes up # Hello ? # Oh , yeah # # I want to do it till # Hello ? # Yeah , yeah # ( more loudly ) # Oh ! I want to put on # # my my my my my boogie shoes # # Just to boogie with you # Hey . # I want to put on # Hey ! Jerome Murphy ? FBI . Have a minute ? # Whoo ! # ( music stops ) ( panting ) Like , you 're saying I make it ? I 'm gonna be a customs official ? Man , I saw it , but I didn 't really believe it , you know ? This rocks , dude . I totally thought I blew the physical . - Do I get a gun and stuff ? - Jerome , I need you to focus here , okay ? I 'm trying to corroborate a suspect 's flash-forward , and he claims that you were in it . Do you understand ? Yeah , sure . No problem . What 's " corroborate " mean ? ( clears throat ) I need you to tell me whether you saw the same thing in your flash-forward as this guy claims he saw in his . ( gasps ) I know that dude . I was working in an airport . It felt good , you know ? - ( stamps twice ) - Badge ... Uniform ... It gave me purpose , you know ? ( German accent ) Coming back from Germany , ja ? ( laughs ) I woke up after the blackout , applied the next day . ( whoosh ) Do you remember anything else , anything odd ? You know , come to think of it , he did . He said something about a murder . I have a murder to thank for it . I figured I just misheard him . All right . I might be in touch . ( clatter ) I can explain that . That 's okay . I know what a bong is . That 's not mine . It 's ... my roommate 's . Look , um , home slice , if I get tagged for this , that 's it for me . They won 't hire me with a drug bust on my record . It does seem unlikely , yeah . I was doing it . I saw myself doing the job . I saw myself wearing the uniform , and it wouldn 't have happened if you bust me . I mean , it won 't happen if you bust me . I mean , what I 'm saying here is ... it 's up to you whether or not my future happens . ( waitress speaking German ) Thank you . Buy you a drink ? No , thanks . To moral relativism . I 'm sorry this is bothering you so much . Oh , I 'm sorry this isn 't bothering you at all . Oh , don 't make this personal . You know what ? Don 't hide behind the badge . You 're the one driving this thing , Mark . You are . Just own it ... at least . Fine . I 've been driving this . It 's what we do , Janis . We cut the dealer a pass to get the distributor . We let the foot soldier walk to bust the kingpin . But there have to be some limits , Mark . There have to be people that we won 't deal or flip . And I 'm sorry , but if we can 't even draw that line at a Nazi ... ( scoffs ) I just don 't even know what we 're doing anymore . Have you ever taken a leap of faith ? What 's that got to do with anything ? I 'm pushing this because I have faith that seeing Geyer 's picture in my flash-forward means his information will be important to us . Well , there you go . There 's our problem , because in my flash-forward , all I saw was a baby that I don 't even know I want . So how can I have faith in something I 'm not even sure is real ? Then you 've got a problem , because that 's what faith is . ( cell phone rings ) ( beep ) Benford . Dem found your Nazi 's customs agent . Same flash-forward . - So he 's telling the truth . - I 'll put a call into state , have them start the arm-twisting of the German government . You sure ? Hell , no , but something tells me I better get used to that particular feeling . WEDECK : We all better . World 's changed . Some of us , all of us , are making decisions now based on what will happen , not what could . It makes us do things we wouldn 't ordinarily do . You 'd think knowing the future would make us less concerned about it . But just the opposite has happened . The future 's what all of us are living for now . It 's what we 're living by . ( whoosh ) ( whoosh ) ( whirring ) Hey , D. We got nothing on your unknown caller . Tech traced it to somewhere off the New York Coast , but from there , they read the signal as coming from two different sites at once . Whoever it was , they know how to cover their tracks . Thanks for trying . Hey . Can you pull the L.U.D.S off those two repeater sites ? There 's probably a million or so calls routed through those towers . At least . ( buzz ) ( doors open ) You can 't do this ! You need my government 's consent to free Geyer , - and my superior- - - Signed off five minutes ago . Congratulations . You 're a free man . Just like that ? Start talking . ( chuckles ) I blacked out , as we all did . The flash-forward happened as I described it . And then I woke up . I went to my window , and I saw the city burning in the distance . And on the ground , at the courtyard outside ... I saw crows . They were dead . Dead crows ? The ground was littered with them . " A murder of crows ... " In proper parlance , a grouping of crows . What the hell does this have to do with the Kabbalah and 137 seconds ? Nothing , fraulein . I have no idea why the blackout lasted as long as it did . So what , it was all crap- - The Kabbalah , the birds ? The crows are real . They were dying outside my window . - That must mean something . - Tell us ! I can 't tell you what I don 't know . Please take this . I have no further use for it . But I believe you will , Herr Benford . In my vision , I knew that I 'd be freed because of what I told you about the crows dying . It could be helpful in your investigation . How helpful it will be ... uh , we 'll just have to see . Then you 'll rot in here until we do . Ah , my attorney is here to prevent that , Herr Krieger . You played us . The future will tell whether it 's true . But in the meantime , I am , as you said , however ... A free man . ( Smashing Pumpkins ' " To Sheila " playing ) # Twilight fades # # Through blistered avalon # # The sky 's cruel torch # # on aching autobahn # # Into the uncertain # Mmm . # Divide # Hey . You look horrendous . Glad I accomplished at least something with this trip . # ... the last divine # - ( sighs ) - That badly ? As bad as it could 've gone without getting shot at , yeah . My mom--she always says , " Live in the now . " How the hell is anyone supposed to do that anymore ? Come here . # Strong as I feel # What you doing ? - What am I doing ? - Mm-hmm . What you doing ? - Living in the now . - Oh . - Uh-huh . - Living in the now . - Mm-hmm . ( kisses ) - ( chuckles ) I guess my mom 's advice - wasn 't so bad after all . - Not so bad , huh ? ( chuckles ) - Hi , Jack . - Hey . He 's been here for a while . Hasn 't asked me to pour a drop . But you can tell he 's thinking about it hard . I can 't be too sure since I had a few yesterday , but I thought I was pretty particular about not wanting to see you again . Yeah . Well ... I figured you 'd make an exception for--for good news . You were right . The body- - The remains . Tracy 's grave . You were right . I 'm sorry I went behind your back . I 'm sorry I didn 't listen to you . - I 'm- - - It 's okay . ( Jeff Buckley 's " Lover , You Should 've Come Over " plays ) # Looking out the door , I see the rain fall upon ... # It 's all gonna be okay . # Parading in a wake of sad relations # # As their shoes fill up with water # There are no words for this ... None that mean half a damn anyway . The people we love are gone , and they 're not coming back . # To keep good love # WEDECK : And we 'll miss them . # From going wrong # # But tonight # But things are going to get better . The sun 's gonna rise on a new day . I know it doesn 't feel like it will , but that dawn is coming . There 's hope . One of the agents here repeated to me something that a friend had mentioned to him . And he said , " We 're all prophets now . " And you know , I can 't think of a prophet worth a damn ... that didn 't suffer . # How much I need it # And I also can 't think of a prophet ... # Too young ... # that God didn 't love . # And too old to just break free and run # # Sometimes a man # - ( whoosh ) - Good night , Mom . This little boy 's gonna come into my life , And I 'm gonna be his mom . # And much too blind to see the # # Damage he 's done # # And sometimes a man must awake # # to find that really # # He has no one # # It 's never over # # A kingdom for a kiss upon her shoulder # Absent friends . ALL : Absent friends . ( glasses clinking ) DEMETRI : How many of these speeches do you think have been given since the blackout ? You gotta figure something like this is happening every day , all over the world . All over the world . All over the world . All over the world . I need your help with something . - What ? - Excuse me . Just come on . ( indistinct conversations ) ( chuckles ) I 'm a raindrop , and I 'm falling for you . - ( laughs ) What ? - ( laughs ) That 's how you tried to pick me up . Remember ? - I would never use that line . - Mm-hmm . I said , um , you owed me a drink for , uh , shredding my ass on the witness stand . I did shred your ass , but I left all the good parts . ( laughs ) You all right ? Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . - Let 's do it . - Huh ? The " D-Day " wedding . Let 's do it . Are you sure ? 'Cause the other day- - The other day was the other day . I , um ... today ... I want us to make our future happen . Yeah ? - ( squeals ) Baby ! - ( chuckles ) Okay , just go with me on this for a second . It says here that the Audobon Society tracks bird population trends . Okay , I need you to look up the worldwide crow population for , say , the last year . ( typing ) ( rapid beeps ) There . See that dip ? The day of the blackout . Geyer said that crows died outside his cell , but it wasn 't just in Germany . Crows died all over the world during the blackout . ( exhales deeply ) Mark ... And I say this with love , who gives a damn ? Look and see if there were any other instances of crow populations plummeting like this . ( typing ) In the Ganwar region of Somalia . In 1991 , all the crows died on the same day . Mark , who cares ? Why did we set up Mosaic ? To look for patterns . Thanks to Geyer , we now know crows died all over the world during the blackout . Search on Ganwar and the date those crows died . ( sighs ) ( types , beeps ) Just one hit . A C.D.C. request for additional funding from D.H.S. You know , Mark , this is just anecdotal . Look , they don 't even have any corroboration . No , no , no , no . Wait , wait , wait , wait . " C.D.C. doctors travel to the Ganwar region " in response to claims that the inhabitants suffered a mass loss of consciousness . " ( exhales ) Janis , we 've been so worried the blackout might happen again . We haven 't stopped to ask ourselves , what if it happened before ? ( goats bleating ) ( goats grunting and bleating rapidly ) ( crows cawing loudly )
