 [ dr. nicholas rush ] : destiny ... The design is clearly ancient , Launched hundreds of thousands of years ago . [ lt. scott ] : where the hell are we ? Several billion light years from home . [ scott ] : we 're on a ship , But we have no idea where we are in relation to earth . [ rush ] : this ship could be the most important discovery Mankind has made since the stargate itself . [ col. young ] : these are the wrong people In the wrong place . [ scott ] : we 've got a lot of wounded . We need to get home . [ rush ] : we barely have enough power To operate the main systems . This ship Simply doesn 't have the capability to dial earth . Even if we can get the life support working , We don 't have much food and water . Then go get some . Little boys playing soldier . Well , i 'm sorry , i 've no interest in playing that game- - I 'm not playing anything , I 'm trying to save the lives of everyone aboard that ship . We do have power issues to be aware of . If i wasn 't being clear , i was giving you an order . Dr. rush ... Dr. rush , i was wondering if- - Not now ! What are you doing ? Good morning . Colonel young asked us to figure out how- - I turned these systems off for a reason . They need to stay off ! [ power whines down ] Don 't know whether the ship has electrolyzed it To produce oxygen , But you can see there 's not much left in there . We did some calculations Based on our estimates of the water depth And tank dimensions . And the winner is ? Just over 90,000 liters . 91,046 . Ish . Go , math boy . Sounds like a lot . It wouldn 't fill a backyard swimming pool . Still , it 's enough to loosen the rationing restrictions , Isn 't it ? Camile , i think i know where you 're going with this , And believe me when i say That i , too , could use a shower . [ laughter ] I don 't think the showers use water . They just spray a sort of mist that you kind of stand in , And it sorta beads up ... There 's one in a compartment off the crew quarters . How do you know all that if you haven 't tried it ? How do you know i haven 't tried it ? Oh , we know . [ laughter ] Thank you , lieutenant rosegarden . No , he 's right . You 're worse than he is . Wow , you can tell them apart ? [ laughter ] We also identified a recycling system For liquid waste , So once we get that system up and running ... Okay , folks , let 's have a better day than yesterday . Thank you . [ crowd murmuring ] Your ration , sir . Thank you . I ordered you here 20 minutes ago . I 've been working . Throughout the night , actually , Trying to find out why our power reserves are so low . I 'm quite concerned , and so should you be . Okay , well , how bad is it ? I haven 't been able to access Any of the main systems yet , so i don 't know . You look exhausted . Maybe you should take a break . Get the information we need And make some informed decisions , And we report- - [ power surge hums ] [ drops bowl in exasperation ] Could you please stop people running around Activating every bloody system they can get their hands on ? I will . [ sighs , unconvinced ] That was delicious . Thank you very much . That man is a lot of work . Let 's bring in the next one , please . Doctor , i 'm very sorry to bother you . I know you 're busy , but i really need your- - Come on , it doesn 't have to be profound . Just who you are And-and something you want to say . Like , hi , i 'm eli wallace , I 'm 25 years old , i 'm currently unemployed , And just for posterity 's sake , i 'd like to say , Take your stinking paws off me , you damn dirty ape ! That 's just an example . I 'm not really going to say that . Just ... just try it . just say something . Well , it could be that rush is just starting a fire So he can put it out , Or it could be that he 's so far ahead of us He can see problems that none of us can see . So , what do you want us to do ? Help him . [ laughs ] The man likes to work alone . Well , with the way he 's been treated , You can hardly blame him . I can blame him all day long . It 's pretty hard not to , considering . This isn 't helpful . Yeah , well , it 's the truth . Well , we 're stuck with rush for now . Scott is checking out the other shuttle , Seeing if it 's operational . He asked that you two join him when we were done here , So off you go . Dismissed . Please tell me that 's everyone . We still have the question Of what to do with the senator 's body . Yeah , we 'll get to him . He 's not going anywhere . I 'd appreciate a file on everyone By sometime tomorrow . Nothing fancy . My assignment , sir ? Recipes , becker . For the love of god , recipes . 2nd lieutenant vanessa james . 26 . Air force special forces . All i have to say is ... I don 't want to die out here . Colonel ! I thought we were done . There are still dozens of human resources issues We need to talk about . Pick one . The matter of lieutenant johansen Resigning her commission . Consider her reactivated . Well , i don 't know if that 's up to- - Up to me ? yeah , it is . We need a medic . I don 't even know Why she resigned in the first place . Well , that 's none of my business . Colonel , look what we figured out . We 're calling it a recharging plate . Uh-huh . We 've tweaked it so it works with earth technology . For now , we have to be careful Not to leave them on the plate for too long , Or it fries the battery , but ... Not bad , huh ? It 's great . [ laughs ] : isn 't it ? Turn it off . Why ? Well , rush says we have power issues . We 've got all these things to recharge . But as soon as he gives the go-ahead , You kids can go crazy . For now , help me pass the word To stop pushing buttons . [ buttons beep , panels activate ] It 's cool , guys . this one 's secure . You think you can fly this thing , man ? I can fly an f-302 . Yeah , in a simulator . This is a real spaceship , man . Yes , it is . So ... Pretty screwed up , huh ? Yeah . Yeah , pretty screwed up . You think they 're going to work it out ? We 're pretty freakin far from home , man , I don 't know . Not today . You should have shipped out weeks ago , t.j. It 's not right . It ain 't right at all . Yeah , well ... I 'm here , so what do you want us to do ? Help me figure out what kind of bird we got here . I just radioed brody to come down , Help translate the controls . Took me half an hour Just to find the " on " switch . [ chuckles ] Maybe we can take a little joyride , huh ? Oh , joy . You don 't have to follow me around . What do you mean ? I mean that i 'm okay . Thank god you said something , Because i thought you were following me around , And it was about to get awkward . I don 't mind the company . I just don 't want to keep you From anything important . Oh , i am done with important . I 'm taking the day off from important . You should . So should you . [ scoffs ] : me ? I don 't even know What to do with myself , eli . I 'm the last person who should be here . I 'm second to last . You 're underestimating yourself . So are you . Can you show me how to use That shower you were talking about ? Yes . Yes , i can . Scott 's checking out the shuttle , Seeing if it 's operational . Everyone else is holding the work Until you give the green light . Thank you . Look , i want you to know that i 'm well aware That in the field of ancient technology , Or pretty much any other subject i can think of , You 're the best i 've got . [ scoffs ] But we can 't be working at cross purposes . All i ask Is that you check with me before issuing orders- - Check with you ? No , no , you see , you got it backwards . If you 're doing something , I want to know what it is , And this is not a request . Done. fine . i 'll tell you everything . If there is an issue That affects everybody on this ship , Like we 're running out of power- - I think i already told you that . I 'm not here to snap you back or piss you off , But if we 're going to be on this ship For any length of time , We need to be on the same page . I think our length of time together on destiny May be shorter than you think . Okay . Uh-huh ? I get it . who can i bring in to help ? Honestly , it may take longer than we 've got To bring someone else up to speed- - [ slaps console decidedly ] Volker it is . Perfect , terrific . You can tell him to sit on his hands if you want to . Spencer , sergeant . I 'm 31 . All i want to say is i never asked for this . All i want is ... To get off this ship . What 's it feel like ? What ? What 's it feel like on your bare skin ? It 's really warm ! Yeah ? Eli ... I 'm just standing guard ! Anybody could walk in . I ... what ? Whatever . I need to talk to you . Um ... Alone . It 's important . Wow , i am so torn . Chloe , i 'm going to take eli for a minute . That all right with you ? Okay ! I 'll check back with you later , okay ? Okay ! [ power surges ] Hey , heard you could use a helper . Well , you heard wrong . Yeah , young said not to take no for an answer . If he wanted to be helpful , He would have sent eli instead . Well , thank you for that , But eli 's a kid , really , And i 'm an astrophysicist , so- - Mr. volker , i neither need nor want your help , All right ? Look , he 's just going to drag me right back in here , And you know it . Come on . Right , i 'm concerned that destiny is on the verge of losing power . Look for yourself . This ship 's been flying around For the better part of a million years . I know . So i don 't understand why all of a sudden- - We showed up and started doing things , How about that ? Like what ? Dialing back to earth , for one ! Oh , come on , we had to try . Look out a window , man . We 're flying faster than the speed of light . How close to the end of our rope can we be ? You 're obviously not capable of seeing the signs . Okay , well , speaking of signs , When was the last time you slept ? Look , if you know what you 're looking for , There are clear indications Power is being channeled into life support And away from- - How can you know that ? We 're still completely locked out of the core systems . Out ! Okay , forget i said anything- now ! - i 'll just work quietly- - Well , it 's too bloody late for that , isn 't it ? I told him you 'd be a waste of time ! A waste of time that we can ill afford ! If you can 't see the signs Staring you in the face , then you 're no good to me ! Get out ! Look ... We just want to talk . You said " alone . " Well , how else Was i supposed to get you out of there ? What 's going on , eli ? You mean right now ? Don 't be an idiot . Wow , you must be getting to know me , Because i respond really well to that . We can 't get a straight answer from anybody About whether or not we 're going to make it Back to earth . I don 't think anybody knows . They don 't know , or won 't tell us ? I 'm pretty sure if they knew , they would tell you . They 'd tell you . Me ? Are you serious ? Yeah , we are , eli . You 're on the inside . Rush needs you , The colonel 's looking out for you . Okay ... Tell you what , if they tell me , then i 'll tell you . That 's all we ask . That 's it ? Great . This has been good . I think as a group , we 've bonded . [ muttering ] [ chuckles ] You , uh ... you got to be kidding me . I know . You were in there five minutes . He kicked me out . What 's the matter with you ? You 're a grown man . I know that , but he said out . What the hell did you say to the man ? I didn 't say anything ! I was just trying to figure out what his problem was . It 's our problem , volker , it 's not just his . I need you to get your ass back in there . I 'm telling you , he 's gone crazy . Well , we already knew that . go . This isn 't the old crazy , this is a whole new crazy . Would you like me to hold your hand , is that it ? Is that what you need me to do ? Colonel , i 'm trying ... All right , here we go . let 's do this . I 'll take you there myself , And for god 's sake , volker , If you people can 't stand up to the son of a bitch , i- - [ power groans and winds down ] Did you do that , rush ? Is that what you think ? No ... no , i didn 't , But i have been standing here for the past few minutes Watching systems fail all over the ship , And there 's nothing that i could do to stop that . The ftl drive was amongst the last to go . We could be in range of a stargate . [ laughs ] You see what i mean ? No , there 's no countdown . There 's got to be emergency reserves . I don 't think you seem to understand What 's going on here , colonel . Our reserves are gone . All of our power is gone . Uh , dr. dale volker . I 'm 34 years old , And despite what you may or may not have heard From a certain scottish person , I like to think That i 'm a pretty fine astrophysicist . I mean , they don 't send you to work On solving the mysteries of the universe on other planets If you 're a hack , right ? So ... That 's all i have to say . And we can 't all be mozarts , right ? Some of us are ... Salieris . Not that there 's anything wrong with that . I ... i like salieri . I find his music is , uh ... It 's , uh ... it 's soothing . I 'm not suggesting that he 's mozart , either . Although mozart did go a little nuts , didn 't he ? All right , i 'm done . He 's maybe a schubert at best . Or an elgar . I 'm done , eli . The lights went off in my compartment . Yeah , it 's the same all over . Well , why ? Why does everybody think that i know everything ? Eli ! eli ! Eli ! Eli ! Chloe ? oh ! Not funny , eli ! It wasn 't me ! We had a power failure or something . I was on my way to go- - Well , i 'm freezing , and i can 't see ! Wait ... Here , let me help . Oh ! Sorry ! sorry ... Everything just stopped and went pitch black . I completely freaked . Yeah , we heard . How was the shower ? Fine , thanks for asking . Look , just go find out what 's going on . I 'm okay . Here , here , it 's something , anyway . Don 't make Any long distance phone calls . Thanks . Eli ? Yeah ! Wait for me ? Sure . Turn around . Sure . So it wasn 't anything you did ? Since i arrived , I have been unable to access any of the core Systems , power , navigation , or propulsion . Why didn 't you bring somebody else in on this ? Because i 'm the only qualified person ! You see , this is what i 'm talking about . Maybe it 's like a lantian device . You need the ancient gene to access the- - destiny predates that technology . You know that for a fact ? Yes , colonel ! I know many , many things for a fact ! I know you asked gorman to poke around In the weapons systems , for a fact ! I know you have ordered teams of people All over the ship To do things that they know nothing about For a fact ! Right . You think all those things add up to this , rush ? Does that make sense to you ? Look ... Look ! No , you 're right . you are right . It was your reckless , pointless attempt to dial earth That robbed me of the time i needed To solve this problem ! Well , maybe we 're just missing something . Yes , the opportunity of a lifetime ! Because you wouldn 't listen to me ! T.j. , this is young . We could use a medic in the gate room . I refuse to be held responsible for this situation ! - nobody 's blaming you . - i ran out of time ! We can fix this . Fix this ? What do you think , just because you give the order That it 's possible ? There is no more power ! destiny saved every last ounce of its reserves For life support , And i 've seen it happening ! I 've seen it being sequestered away from me ! I tried to ... I tried to stop it . I tried to stop it , but i couldn 't . Rush ... In a few days ' time , this ... This ship will go dark ! It will go dark and-and cold ... T.j. , now . Okay , uh ... I 'm , um , sergeant hunter riley . I 'm one day short of my 30th birthday . Um ... . I grew up on a farm . I have relatives who 've never even left the state , And here i am halfway across the universe , So ... No regrets . So ... Rush was right . Everything but life support is dead . Well , why now ? Why just when we show up ? Because we just showed up . Well , there 's the stargate . It 's a power hog , And we had it on all day yesterday . There 's still some power , And the shields are still working to some degree . Again , that 's to keep us alive . For how long ? We 're going to have to wait for rush to wake up For an answer to that one . T.j. says he 's not going to be up for a while . So ... Where does that leave us ? - dead . - dead . Not right away . Yeah , we have days , maybe a lot of days , But if there 's no stargate in range- - And there 's not- - We don 't have the power to dial out anyway . So it 's a race between food , water , and life support . I don 't buy that . We can 't do anything Without access to the ship 's systems . Look. i mean , i could stand here all day . Eli ? I put a kino into search mode And sent it into un-pressurized areas of the ship Looking for an active console somewhere . Nothing yet . Also , i was looking into if there 's any way We could integrate the shuttle 's power With the ship 's system ? So you 're working the problem . Yeah . Does the computer-hacking dropout Have to save our asses- - The dropout is still here . Or are you going to get your head out of yours ? The shuttle idea 's pretty good . Yeah , there might be a work-around . Well , let 's do that . Thank you , eli . Uh , by the way , it 's ... Mit dropout . You want a gold star for that ? No , i just- - Do something . I 'm going to be gone for a few hours . Gone ? To report this mess . If you need me , yank me back . Lieutenant matthew scott . I 'm 26 years old , And ... I 'd like to say a prayer for all of us , If that 's okay . Sure , yeah . whatever you want . The lord is my shepherd , I shall not want . He maketh me to lie down in green pastures , He leadeth me to still waters ... I 'll take it from here , peter . Again ? What can i say ? I 'm a glutton for punishment . Okay . [ groans in pain ] What 's going on , sergeant ? Actually , i was coming to ask you . Colonel young went back to report . I 'm colonel telford . I 'd like to speak with dr. rush immediately . Oh , uh , well , he 's had a nervous breakdown , sir . What ? But i can take you to lieutenant scott . He 's in the shuttle . Wow , that was quick . It doesn 't take very long to say " we 're screwed . " I 'm sorry , sir . I wish there was something we could do . There is . I 'll shout down when she 's ready to see you . Lieutenant tamara johansen . I 'm a paramedic . I actually quit my job a few weeks ago . I shouldn 't even be here . To think , i could have missed all of this . Hey ... Emily ... No , don 't . I said that you could come in , but that 's all . Okay . Scott , Johansen , A word , please . There 's no power except for the shuttle ? Sir , you already know that . Matt , this is colonel telford . That 's right . Now , would either of you two officers care to explain How colonel young managed to let things fall apart so fast ? There was no way of knowing this was going to happen- - You 're saying rush didn 't see it coming ? That 's what i thought . I want to know what 's really going on Aboard this ship . It 's just , it 's ridiculous . It 's true . Let 's say that it is . Why ? Why are you putting me through this ? Because i wanted to say ... [ sighs heavily ] I 'm sorry . I didn 't chose my job over you . [ sighs ] It wasn 't just about the job . I know . I love you . I 'm guessing that didn 't go well . Sir ... How does this change anything ? What do you mean ? Let 's say that i believe all of this . I don 't really , but even if i did , You did choose , And you chose to go . I didn 't choose this . You knew there was a chance you wouldn 't be coming back . I am coming back . No . You wouldn 't be here like this to say goodbye If you really thought there was a chance . Listen , i 'm doing everything that i can . I 'm going ... I 'm going to do everything that i can . I want nothing more Than to get back here to be with you , And i want nothing more Than for you to be here for me When i do get home . I 'm just-i 'm just saying i don 't know when that will be . Please ... You made your choice , everett . And i made mine . nothing 's changed . And i really ... I really do hope that you 're going to be okay . - hey ... - don 't . - em , listen . - don 't , please . Emily , please . emily ... Just let me go . I gave you a direct order , lieutenant . Sir , i understand You gave me a direct order , And i respectfully suggest It would be a complete waste of time ! I 'm telling you , The ship came here for a reason ! Sir ? The ship came here for what reason ? Colonel young ? Yeah , yeah . What the hell was telford just ordering you to do ? Use the communication stones To report that you need to be replaced . Well , he 's probably right about that . So , the ship came here for what reason ? The odds of coming out of ftl On the outer edge of a star system Are astronomical . Throw in the fact That there are three potentially habitable planets , Plus a gas giant To act as a comet catcher on the outside of the system ? We 're talking miraculous . So there 's a chance now That we 're going to live- - Though our definition of habitable Just means the surface temperature range Allows for the presence of liquid water , And since the primary 's a red dwarf , The planets must have A relatively short orbital radius Just to fall within that range , Which means there 's a likelihood At least one or two of them will be tidally locked , Meaning one side will always be facing the star , Which increases the prospect of geological instability Due to tidal stresses , And i can 't stand earthquakes . I was in one when i was 13 , And i cut both my feet on broken glass . But it might be nice ! Hey. how are you ? How did i get here ? You 're not that heavy . You passed out for a little while . How long ? About 10 hours . It 's probably the first real sleep you 've had Since we arrived here . Has anything happened ? Not since we lost power , no . You haven 't missed a thing . How do you feel ? Embarrassed . Don 't be . Well , you weren 't there . Your head 's pounding , right ? How many cups of coffee Do you normally drink a day ? Four or five ? You 're in caffeine withdrawal . So are about a dozen other people on board . It can make you pretty crazy . You should see the smokers . You 're looking at one . Double whammy , huh ? I was going to let you sleep it off , But the colonel wants you to see something , So let 's go . If you don 't do one , They 're not going to know who the hell you are . Eli , i have nothing to say . People are going to find this , They 're going to want to know who we were . Look , i 'll do your slate , okay ? This is dr. nicholas rush . He is the lead scientist of the icarus project . Now just say what you feel . Come on in . Orbital insertion trajectory ? That was my first thought . I thought your first thought was We were going fly into the damn thing . But no , sir . I 'm guessing we 'll get close enough to kiss , But not enough for capture . An aerobraking maneuver ? Well , the math 's over my head , But , yeah , we should come out of a slingshot Somewhere in-system . Where there are habitable planets . I didn 't tell him . No , but you 're all smiling . We 're still too far out To know if they 're anything more than rocks , But we found three candidates Before big bertha here filled up the sky . So this trajectory is no accident , then . [ young ] : the man 's quick . We 'll know once we 're clear . That 'll be in , uh ... Six minutes . Who translated this ? You know it 's completely backwards . Well , pull up a chair , sir . This 'll be a show you don 't want to miss . [ young ] : so we 're clear , My definition of habitable includes a sandy beach , A tropical climate- - There 's going to be some severe turbulence When we contact the atmosphere . I 'll pass the word . Colonel , about our previous conversation . Rush , no need to apologize . I wasn 't about to . I 'm trying to explain I was suffering from withdrawal symptoms- - Yeah , yeah , i know . I know all about it . * * * work . Hello there . Adam brody is my name ... Can i start again ? My name 's adam brody , as i said earlier . Hello- - Cut . Adam brody , engineer . I like football , and- - [ laughs ] What ? Dude , this isn 't for a dating service . Yeah , i just , i don 't know why that came out . I don 't know why i 'm so nervous . No , no , it 's all good . it 's all good . What do we got ? We have your name , we have your job . Uh , what else is there ? Oh , you 're 40-something , so- - 36 . Okay ... [ chuckles ] We got that now . We 'll fix that in editing ... All that 's left is What you want to say for posterity . I always knew i was going to die in space . From the moment i stepped through the stargate , i ... I mean , i didn 't expect this , But i knew something ... awful was going to happen . I just knew it . This is young . We are expecting some atmospheric turbulence In a few minutes . Find a secure place and plunk your asses down . [ riley ] : whoa , don 't shoot , it 's me ! You can talk through that thing ? hey , i can talk through this thing ! Uh ... Uh , r-riley asked me how to- - I asked him how the kino works- - Yeah , yeah . We took a wrong turn ... I can and will kick your ass . [ young ] : let 's do that later . We 're going to pass very close to a gas giant In a few minutes . It 's going to be a bumpy ride . We 're short on radios . Help me spread the word . Yes , sir . Thank you . He- - Wrong turn , really ? You going to stick to that story ? Go , help. now . [ murmuring in awe ] Oh , my ... 90 seconds to contact . Come on , come on , come on ... I 'm coming ! Well , we don 't have much time . You 've seen planets from space . How could you let yourself get jaded to this stuff so fast ? I 'm not jaded . I 've just got other stuff on my mind . Oh . Well , we 're just passing through the atmosphere of a gas giant On the far side of the universe In an ancient spaceship . I 'm sure there 'll be other gas giants ... Okay , okay , let 's go . Eli ... Can we please slow down ? Trust me , it 'll be worth it , okay ? [ sighs ] I guess everybody had the same idea . Eli ... it 's beautiful . 30 seconds to contact . hang on . [ heavy rumbling begins ] No , no , no , i need everyone away from the walls . Away from the walls . The turbulence could break your back . [ rumbling increasing ] Sit down . [ rumbling subsides ] Whoo ! Hell of a ride , huh ? [ laughing ] Yes ... yes , it was . Now , let 's find these planets you were talking about . There they are , dead ahead . Yes , we should be able to analyze The atmosphere of the nearest planet Within a few hours . Are we clear ? Yes , sir . Did you catch any of that ? No , i couldn 't get back in time . This is unbelievable . lieutenant , look at this . Please , everyone ... You sure missed a great show , sir . Please , everyone be quiet ! Our trajectory has changed . Oh no . Changed ? the planet has altered destiny ' s course More than we hoped . What are you talking about , rush ? Lieutenant , What the hell 's he talking about ?
