 You know , I 've never even had the urge to have a baby . There I was . I don 't even have a boyfriend . I know you 're worried about Olivia . You 're worried you 're gonna fall off the wagon in the future . If you wanna prevent your future and save your marriage , first step isn 't keeping secrets from your wife . Remember that hacker : Mr. Cheeto Dust ? - Give him a call . - Is Somalia really that important ? Yeah . We 've been so worried the blackout might happen again , we haven 't stopped to ask ourselves : What if it happened before ? - Thanks , man . - You 're actually- - All things being equal , it wouldn 't have been the worst thing in the world - if I had- - - Forget it . Forget it . I just wanted you to know the details I do remember , I remember clearly . Fabulous . Look , just keep your mouth shut . You tell anyone else about this , we are D.O.A. Hey . Just wanted to share some good news with you . Even though the whole trip 's been a bit of a disaster , Wedeck pulled some kind of rabbit . Who knows ? Maybe he wouldn 't have had- - - Get out ! Let 's go ! Go ! - Oh ! Go ! " Gimme Some Truth " Senate hearings I understand . But what I don 't get is them dragging us down here first thing in the morning . If you ask me , this whole thing is one big Chinese fire drill . Hey ! Is that inappropriate for the workplace ? Oh , no . That 's cool . I know how you old people are . - Demetri Fordis Noh ? - What do you want me for ? I didn 't see anything . I told you in my affidavit , man . Doesn 't you mean you were telling the truth when you gave it . I was alone . I didn 't think there was anyone else in the building . I didn 't think anyone else was in the building . It was late . 10 : 00 P.M. I was working in my office . I was working late . I was ... leaving for the night . I was headed out the security exit . I don 't know why . Maybe ... because it was late . Did you see anyone else during your flash-forward ? No . Yes . I saw two men , both wearing masks , both carrying Kalashnikovs . Did you recognize the men ? I did mention they were wearing masks , right ? How 's it going over there ? How 's it going in D.C. ? Well , they don 't think I 'm a traitor . Those lie detectors can be fooled , right ? Seriously , how 's it going over there ? Well , I 've just about figured out what 's wrong with your alarm system . And you 're welcome . I fixed that hack repair job that you did on your garage door . Ah , you 're a full-service sponsor . Yeah , and Charlie now knows how to drive a stick . So now that you 're off the hot seat , when can we expect to see you back ? Wedeck 's testifying in these hearings . Uh , I 'm gonna help Demetri with document support . Sounds exciting . Mm , I 'm the one who started the office on this Mosaic path , and I 'm feeling a whole lot of pressure to be right about it . D.C. ' s got A.A. Meetings , too , you know . Might not be a bad idea to go and find one . I 'll take it under advisement . In the meantime , see if you can 't get Charlie into a few colleges while I 'm gone . Go to a meeting . Very cloak-and-dagger . Just like the movies . What 's all this stuff anyway ? Evidence . Wedeck thinks he needs it for his senate testimony . He 's afraid they 're gonna take away our funding , in which case , Mosaic is dead in the water . You know , I 've never seen Wedeck with a stick so far up his ass . Yeah , he hates D.C. He used to live here . Apparently , it left a bad taste in his mouth . You ask me , he 's a dude with something to prove . ¶ I heard so much about you ¶ ¶ talk about you night and day ¶ ¶ You said that you got something ¶ ¶ that could make me change my ways ¶ Whoo ! You 're gettin ' better . No . You 're gettin ' older . Oh ! - It 's good to see you . - You , too . It 's been too long , Stan . Who said the Senate Intelligence Committee hearings weren 't good for anything ? I say it on a daily basis . Look , Dave , - these hearings ... - Relax . This is Congress masturbating to the sound of its own voice . Really ? 'Cause my understanding is these hearings are gonna redistribute a lot of funding . And funding is what I need . Stan , nobody 's gonna take anything from you . Look , our Mosaic investigation 's already paying off . We 're starting to get a real picture of April 29th and what caused the blackout . But it 's gonna take money . And it wouldn 't hurt to have a big dog on my side . Oh , you don 't want me as your friend . Why ? Clemente 's chairing these hearings . You remember ? You didn 't know that ? You think I 'd even set foot in D.C. if I did ? All right , I would 've , because this is that important , Dave . What ? No , it 's just that the- - The trusty boy scout is funny - coming from you . - Huh . You would know . Ah ! Hey . That was a pretty impressive move back there . I mean , you almost knocked the wind out of me . Oh , I 'm sorry . Are you okay ? Yeah . You know , no problem . Um , so " Enter the Dragon 's " playing at , uh , the Nuart tonight . I-I thought maybe we could check it out . Oh . Sorry . I already have plans tonight . Oh . Okay . Uh , maybe another time . Yeah . Maybe . Yeah . Yeah . All right , I 'll catch you guys later . - Bye . - All right . Bye . What a douche . What 's his name ? And more importantly , does he have a brother ? I don 't know . I 'm still wading in . Good morning . Here you go , sunshine- - Your very own haystack . What is this ? 18 years worth of satellite imagery from Southern Somalia , courtesy of the Central Intelligence Agency . Oh , I thought you and Mark got shut down on that . We got unshut . Oh . Upload whatever 's on here , and we 'll start pouring through it . Pouring through it for what ? Anything that relates to the crow die-off in ' 91 . Especially if we can substantiate reports that people lost consciousness in the Ganwar region during that time . Bonus points if we can find something that gives Wedeck extra ammo in Washington . Anything to keep our happy investigation going ? I 'm on it . - Where 's Benford ? - Back at the hotel . He said photo ops make him constipated . Tell him to get in line . I wish my fifth grade teacher could see me now . Always said I would either end up dead or in prison . There 's still time , my friend . Still time . Ladies and gentlemen of the press , the President will make a brief statement . At the conclusion of the statement , the President will answer a limited number of questions . Ladies and gentlemen , the President of the United States . Ladies and gentlemen . Please . Please be seated . Be seated , please . So if you want to understand why the senate hearings were closed , you 'd have to ask a senator . But I 'm willing to wager it 's because national security issues will be discussed . - Next question . - Mr. President . Scott . Mr. President , three weeks since the blackout , and there 's still no centralized agency to deal with the consequences . What is your response to critics who say that your administration hasn 't learned from the lessons of 9 / 11 and Katrina ? Well , today 's hearings have been convened to address just this issue . We 're coordinating our responses . We 're redirecting funds to the most promising leads , and we 're dropping investigations which are not producing results . When I finalize my vice presidential choice , he or she will supervise these efforts . Thank you , all . Thanks , everyone . Why aren 't you sharing what you saw in your flash-forward , Mr. President ? Mr. Obrego ... Like many other world leaders , I 'm following the policy of not revealing what I saw . Mr. President ? Sir , I 'm sorry to wake you , but something 's happened . I 'm thinking about the present , not the future , Oscar . We have too much to do . Thank you , all . Mr. Wedeck ? Please follow me . Okay , all I need is a new code . Uh , 0-3-1-2 . Wedding anniversary . You sure you don 't want to pick something that Mark will remember ? - How 's it going in Washington ? - Uh , not great . Mark called . - He sounds stressed . - I 'm sure he 'll do fine . You don 't seem too sure . I don 't know . This case has him traveling a lot , and he 's away from home , his support system . You know ... So I overheard you both talking about him going to meetings in Washington . Is he having a hard time ? It 's just a friendly reminder . It 's just that the last time Mark had a problem ... He was away from home , testifying in one of his cases . He 'd just been promoted at work . This is a little different . I think it 's exactly the same . - And even if wasn 't- - - Look , I get it . Things have been stressful for both of you . I guess Mark told you about my flash-forward ? Mm . Of course . Eh , he 's just fixated now on the idea that in six months ' time , I 'm gonna be sleeping with another man- - Which is insane . But his whole job depends on these flash-forwards coming true , so- - Mark 's an alcoholic , Olivia . He doesn 't need a reason to drink . He drinks because he drinks . I know . If you 're asking me whether I think he 's gonna take a drink- - I am . Are you asking for him or for you ? I don 't know . I love him , Aaron . I just ... I know I can 't control him . That 's the hardest part about all of this . Trust always is with an alcoholic . But if you can 't trust Mark , who can you trust ? Let me guess . You remembered you owe me and had a change of heart about helping me out . Stan ... We 're not on the campaign trail anymore . And inside the beltway , well ... You have to be a little subtler about calling in our chits . I got out of the beltway , if you recall . - Yeah . - Mm-hmm . Well , you 're right about me owing you one , and you 're right about me helping you out . But my plan is gonna bring you right back in the beltway . I always felt really bad that I couldn 't bring you on board initially . It 's fine . Everything worked out . You know , the Chinese view chaos as opportunity , and the blackout gives me the chance to pay you back . Director of Homeland Security , member of my cabinet . I 'm pretty sure Clemente will block my appointment . Clemente 's got bigger fish to fry . Think about it . There 's no rush . Thank you . This is , like , the sixth course . What are you , a food critic or something ? Chef , actually . This is my restaurant . - Well , the one where I work . - Wow . Your being FBI , I 'm guessing you 're not ... Oh . Out ? No . I work for the federal government , and they 're not too big on trusting gays with guns . Who knows ? Maybe six months from now , we 'll all be more enlightened . In my flash-forward , I 'm here in the restaurant , but I have a wedding band on my finger . That was way too much information , - especially for a first date . - No . No , no , no . Maybe it 's a sign of how well this is going . Help me change the subject . What did you see in your flash-forward ? Well , I was ... On the International Space Station having a 3-way with Hillary Clinton and Sarah Palin . Really ? Actually , did I say I was in the restaurant ? Mm-hmm . I meant I was on " Who Wants to be a Millionaire ? " and Angelina Jolie was the game show host . Oh . You slut . Yeah , Angie just asked me the million dollar question . I went to phone a friend- - you . But you didn 't answer . So my " millionaire " moment was gone . Well , I don 't buy that . What , that Angelina Jolie would be a game show host ? No . That I would ever let you down like that . Well , actually , Senator Clemente , the F.O.A. , the E.P.A. and the C.D.C. have all ruled out psychotropic pharmaceuticals in the global water supply as the potential cause of the consciousness shift . An alien intelligence may have been at work here , yes . That 's what we 're thinking . China . Can you elaborate , Director Keller ? China 's population numbers 1.3 billion . Yet they suffered fatalities of less than half a percent during the blackout . No mystery . When the blackout happened , it was 2 : 00 in the morning over there . Everybody was asleep . That doesn 't strike you as a bit convenient ? They 're practically untouched , while America suffers the greatest number of causalities per capita of any country in the world . It is the CIA 's belief that this was not an accident . We believe that this was a targeted event designed to bring about the collapse of our government . Let 's take a short recess . Then we 'll hear from Stanford Wedeck , field director of the FBI 's Los Angeles office . Agent Wedeck is currently running an interesting investigation that has diverged significantly from the methodology employed by the rest of the bureau . It 's all Kabuki theater . Now I remember what I hate about D.C. What this place turns me into . Stan , just remember who you are . This whole thing will blow over , and you 'll be home before you know it . Enjoying D.C. , Stanford ? I 'm gonna have to call you back . Joyce . Senator , actually . Has anyone ever told you you 're a sore loser , Joyce ? Look who 's talking . You 're the one who got put out to pasture . Speaking of which ... How do you sleep at night , knowing what you did with that woman ? Does your wife know ? If I could 've proved what you did six years ago , I would be sitting behind the desk in the Oval Office right now . Well , if it makes you feel any better , I doubt you would 've gotten a second term . " If you sit by the river long enough , you 'll see the bodies of your enemies float by . " Sun Tzu . Get ready to float , Stanford . You wanna go after me ? You give it your best shot . - But Mosaic- - - Is a joke . Not everyone 's visions are going to come true . Most people don 't agree . Most people didn 't see what I did . I saw myself as president in six months . Now as impossible as that may be ... It 's a nice thought , isn 't it ? How much of that did you hear ? Enough to know I don 't want to be the guy in Joyce Clemente 's gun sights . No , you don 't . While others are using what they know of the present to explain the blackout , our office is trying to consolidate information gleaned from the flash-forwards themselves . The Mosaic collective has gathered the visions of hundreds of thousands of people all around the world , letting our office construct a picture of what the world will look like on April 29th , 2010 . A tact , I believe , you 've taken without prior approval or proper authorization . - It 's gotten results . - Yes , I forgot . You 're an " ends justify means " kind of guy , no matter how questionable those means may be . In this case , the " means " merely involve using the future we 've seen to guide our investigation of the blackout . How exactly ? One of our agents had a flash-forward of himself investigating the cause of the blackout . He remembers leads and investigatory paths that we won 't have for another six months . Those leads have already lead to significant breaks in the case . " Significant " might be overstating things a little , Agent Wedeck . Still , if your entire investigation is bottomed on what this one agent saw ... Perhaps we should hear from him . I 'm the Deputy Field Director , Madame Chairman . Yes , you seem to have landed on your feet quite nicely , Mr. Wedeck . The point being , I 'm the one heading up the investigation . Not to mention the fact that Agent Benford 's already been thoroughly vetted , including submitting to a polygraph . In that case , he won 't mind submitting to some questions from us . This hearing reconvenes tomorrow at 10 : 00 A.M ... with Agent Benford 's testimony . Just tell the truth , Mark . It 's gotten us this far . ¶ It 's what 's called a situation ¶ ¶ Circumstances ... ¶ Here . Let a professional do that . Thank you . You know , I 'm not totally useless , Maya . I can break down a sig sauer in , like , 12 seconds . I 'm impressed . I don 't even know what a sig sauer is . ¶ Let the story begin ¶ Oh ! Stupid alarm clock . I can never set it right . No wonder I 'm always late . Speaking of which , I actually have to go to the office now . Exciting day collaring bad guys ? Okay . Yeah . You watch too much cable . And , no , it 's actually a busy day analyzing satellite imagery . - So totally different . - All right . - Well , let me get dressed . - No , no , no , no , no . Stay . Eat food . Rifle through my stuff . Just lock the door when you leave , okay ? Will I see you later ? One of my friends is having a showing at the Merton Gallery . Yeah . Great . We 've determined that at least two men were awake during the blackout . Moreover , we 've discovered a recurring theme of crow attrition . " Crow attrition " ? Crows died all over the world during the recent blackout . The same thing happened in Somalia in 1991 . Now I 'm no scientist , but that seems significant to me . Because you saw it in your flash-forward ? No , we learned about the crow deaths from a lead that I remembered from my flash-forward . And this is a lead you followed up on your own ? My office did , yes . Why , exactly , has your office set up its own investigation without getting authorization from FBI Headquarters ? Well , to be perfectly honest , in my flash-forward , I seemed to be- - Or rather , the L.A. office- - Seemed to be at the center of the blackout investigation . Really ? A-and , uh , how did you determine this ? Here we go . In my vision , I was running point on something called Mosaic . I had a case board set up in my office , Covered in clues , pictures , leads- - Everything that you would see in an ongoing , fruitful investigation . In other words , you 're investigating this because you had a vision of investigating this . Okay . You have a bulletin board with lots of nice pictures on it . But what led you to assume your investigation would actually amount to anything ? Because , Madame Chair , I also saw a team of masked gunmen trying to kill me ... Presumably for what we will have accomplished in this investigation over the next six months . Six months from now , masked gunmen are going to burst into your office in a secure federal building and try to kill you ? That 's what I saw , yes . Did you find anything ? Yes . The Ganwar region is the habitat of the remarkable Somali pygmy gerbil . Awesome . - So how was your date ? - Whoa ! You had a date ? Was there any groping ? Can we focus , please , on what we 're doing ? Okay , if the satellite imagery doesn 't give us anything , then let 's start to look at environmental statistics- - Anomalies in the ozone layer , sunburst activity during that time , anything . Any reasonable explanations ? - Now you 're talkin ' . - Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Wait . Do you see that ? Is that an asphalt road ? Go forward . - What are those ? - Wow . - They look like pylons . - In the middle of nowhere . Or towers . Huh . Agent Benford , why were you alone in the office that night ? Presumably , I was working late . And what were you doing ... before you realized the gunmen were in there ? Looking at the Mosaic case board . I think I might 've been on the phone at some point , but I 'm not sure who I was talking to . How can you not be sure ? Other people who were on the phone in their flash-forwards remember who they were talking to . If you don 't believe me , Senator , you should talk to the bureau agent - who polygraphed me . - I did . He was kind enough to provide a transcript of your session . You described your experience as " impressionistic flashes of reality . " Is this correct ? Yes . And from what I can tell , you 've recounted about 30 seconds worth of ... " Impressions . " Everyone else we 've heard from , unless they were asleep , experienced vivid , easily recalled visions covering the entire 2 minutes and 17 seconds of the blackout . - Is that a question ? - I 'm just trying to understand . Was the building on fire ? Was there smoke in the room ? Why is everything in your recollection so hazy and disjointed ? As far as I know , there was no fire . Then how do you account for the stark , qualitative difference between your experience of the blackout and everyone else 's ? With all due respect , Madame Chair , have you spoken to all 7 billion people on the planet ? No , I haven 't . Possibly because those 7 billion people aren 't seeking millions of dollars to spearhead an investigation based on their somewhat murky flash-forwards . Senator Clemente , could I just- - Hundreds of thousands of federal dollars have been spent because of what you claim to have seen . Don 't you think somebody ... - How dare you . - Should 've ascertained what you were doing the other hundred-plus seconds of your vision ? Am I the only one who thinks these investigative techniques seem a little closer to voodoo or fraud ? Now ... Did someone have a question about Nazi repatriation ? - Where the hell is Wedeck ? - Toilet ? For 40 minutes ? Went straight to voice mail . What a disaster . Well , that Clemente is a hard-ass . Yeah , but , you know , when you hear it laid out like that , it does sound questionable . It sounds like we consulted the psychic network - for clues or something . - Oh , thanks for the support . I 'm not saying I think that necessarily . It just- - It sounds totally nuts- - - Dead birds , D. Gibbons , doll heads . - China- - That 's starting to sound pretty good right about now . So it was a mistake to mention the dolls heads , is what you 're saying ? - Yeah . - Eh . Benford . Get to a laptop , boyfriend . We got something you 're gonna want to see . What are we looking at here ? Wajid , Somalia- - population 325 , About 200 miles east of nowhere . Oprah 's building a school there ? Honey , be quiet . The grown-ups are talking . This is a satellite photo taken December of 1990- - About five months before your crows did a face-plant . What the hell are those ? We don 't know , but they were built from scratch over the course of five months . You get the idea . It looks like they were about 100 feet tall when they were completed here in April of 1991 . The same month our proto-blackout hit . Any idea what these structures are ? Beats me . But it 's the last thing I 'd expect to see at a place that doesn 't even have indoor plumbing . We 're sending the images down to forensics for evaluation . The state department 's been stonewalling us on our request to send a team in . This looks like it 'll cut through some red tape . Well , whoever built these clearly didn 't want anyone else to know about ' em . Okay . - Janis Hawk . - Janis , this is Wedeck . Everything okay ? Mm-hmm . I need you to do something for me right away . - Hey , Maya . - Hey . Sorry I 'm late . My boss called right as I was out the door . No worries . Wow . I got you a little something . - Thank you . - I just saw it and thought of you . Wake up . It 's time to get up . So you 're not late anymore , unless you wanna be . Thank you . Wake up . That 's very sweet . Can I ask you something ? - Yeah . - It 's a little awkward . You 're getting all flustered . Do you date guys , too ? The last one was in high school , and I try not to think about it . Why ? Well , I-I guess that 's the part that 's awkward . Um ... I kind of did something . You went through my stuff ! Oh , I knew you would do that . - No . - Hmm ? I did the next best thing . I Mosaic-ed you . - You what ? - I couldn 't resist . You know , it 's way better than Google stalking . I saw that in five months from now , you 'll be ... You know ... Pregnant . And as talented as I may be in the bedroom- - Yeah , that 'd be pretty impressive . It 's not a big deal . I mean , in my flash-forward , I 'm wearing a wedding ring . Maybe--maybe it 's ours . Look , for w-what it 's worth , I think that you 're gonna be a great mom . And that was the wrong thing to say , too . This isn 't ... a " me / you " thing , Maya . This is a " me " thing . And honestly , I haven 't even figured it out yet . I don 't even know what I 'm gonna do . You know what ? I ... I don 't think I can do this ... right now . I 'm sorry . I 'm really sorry . Hello , Stan . It 's been a while . May I come in , Renee ? My man ! Hello , my man ! What 's happenin ' ? What 's happenin ' ? Long way from $ 2 beer night at Geno 's . My first term was a bitch . I could 've used you , Stan . Really , I 'm sorry I couldn 't bring you in . But I can now . So ... Have you thought about D.H.S. ? I know you 'd love being Anastasia Markham 's boss . We ha- - I 'm not here about the job . So no more boy scout ? How 'd you find her ? Well , I was the bagman who paid her a quarter of a million dollars to disappear . Remember ? Only she didn 't go very far . She 's living with the boy . Right here in Georgetown , in fact . And you know that how ? Through our Mosaic web site . It 's really quite amazing how we 've been able to cross-reference all these people 's visions . Turns out Ms. Garrigos had a vision , too . She saw herself living in Puerto Rico six months from now . And in her Mosaic post , she remarked how different that was from her current home in Georgetown . You know what I liked about having you around , Stan ? You weren 't just ... comfortable in the mud . You enjoy being there . Clemente is going to cut off the funding unless you stop her . So ... stop her . And the negative goes into the shredder . You can only play this card once , you know . You sure you wanna play it now ? Now 's all I got . Ahh . I 've got a problem I need you to take care of . ¶ Motoring ¶ ¶ What 's your price for flight ¶ Do it ! - ¶ In finding Mr. Right ? ¶ - Go , man ! I hate karaoke . ¶ You 're all right tonight ¶ Think it might be a good idea for you to slow down there ? I got five months to live . I think that entitles me to blow off a little steam , man . ¶ Sister Christian , oh , the time has come ¶ ¶ And you know that you 're the only one ¶ ¶ to say ¶ Mark Benford ... ¶ Okay ¶ All right , check this . - You guys got any Stones ? - You got something to say ? - Anything by the Rolling Stones ? - Nope . 'Cause you look a little pissed . ¶ Well , you used to ¶ - ¶ Laugh about ¶ - Why would I be angry ? Just because you bailed in the middle of the hearing , left me twisting- - Let 's be honest . It 's not like my being there would 've kept you from choking on the witness stand . - You were flailing ' in there ! - ¶ Your next meal ¶ ¶ Oh , how does it feel ¶ ¶ How does it feel ¶ ¶ To be on your own ... ¶ Why didn 't you call for a recess ? Huh ? - You could 've spoken up for me . - And said what ? There 's a perfectly good explanation why you 're having trouble remembering something the rest of us have lasered into our brains ? See , this is my own damn fault . Clemente is just asking you questions I should 've asked weeks ago , but I didn 't ... because I trusted you . And I went with this whole Mosaic thing in the first place because I believe in you , Mark . - And I have gotten you results . - That 's not an answer . Now Clemente may be a total bitch , but she 's right about one thing- - Your story 's got more holes than a kitchen sponge . Why can 't you remember everything ? Because I was loaded , okay ? ! What was I supposed to say , Stan ? I 've been sober seven years , and I have zero intention of ever taking another drink again . But I can 't change what I saw . I ... I put my entire career on the line ... based on your flash-forward , and now you 're telling me ... You were impaired when you had it ? I don 't know what I 'm doing anymore . That 's fantastic , Mark . That 's fantastic . Everything okay in here ? Everything 's fine . Guys , won 't don 't you buy yourselves a couple rounds ? On me . It 's , uh , celebration time . What are we celebrating ? I got us our funding . Pound-0-3-1-2 . Set . Damn it . Aaron ... All things being equal , it wouldn 't have been the worst thing in the world - if I had- - - Forget it . I just want you to know the details I do remember , I remember clearly . Fabulous . Look , just keep your mouth shut . You tell anyone else about this , we are D.O.A. President Segovia has announced his nominee for vice president , a position which has been vacant since the tragic death of Vice President Pratt During the blackout . Tonight , the President says he has nominated Senator Clemente . The nominee will have to be - approved by majority vote ... - Clemente ? in both houses of Congress . I don 't get this town . Everything 's a trade-off . D.C. ' s your ultimate " can 't get something for nothing " place . Here we go . Hey , Mark . Just wanted to share some good news with you . We 've got our funding . Mosaic 's still alive . Because of the Somali intel ? No . Wedeck pulled some kind of rabbit . Who knows ? Maybe he wouldn 't have had to if- - Mark ? Get out ! Let 's go ! Go ! Hello ? Mark ? Hello ? Aah ! ¶ How does it feel ¶ ¶ How does it feel ¶ ¶ To be on your own ¶ ¶ With no direction home ¶ ¶ A complete unknown ¶ ¶ Just like a rolling stone ? ¶ ¶ Yeah , the princess on the steeple ¶ ¶ All the pretty people ¶ ¶ Drinkin ' , thinkin ' that they 've ¶ ¶ Got it made ¶ ¶ Exchanging all kinds of precious gifts ¶ ¶ They 're gonna take that diamond ring ¶ ¶ You better pawn it , babe ¶ ¶ You used to be ¶ ¶ So amused ¶ ¶ At Napoleon in rags ¶ ¶ with the language that he used ¶ ¶ Now go to him now , he calls you ¶ ¶ You can 't refuse ¶ ¶ When you got nothing ¶ - Wake up . It 's time to get up . - ¶ You 've got nothing to lose ¶ ¶ You 're invisible now , ¶ - ¶ You got no secrets ¶ - Wake up . It 's time to get up . ¶ To conceal ¶ - Wake up . It 's time to get up . - ¶ Oh , how does it feel ¶ ¶ To be on your own ¶ Tell me . - It 's a girl . - Thank you . ¶ Just like a rolling stone ¶ ¶ Come on ! ¶
