 there was the Cube only that it holds the power to create worlds and fill them with life That is how our race was born others for evil and the Cube was lost to the far reaches of space every world message of a new discovery drew us to an unknown planet called Earth But we were already too late five months of this I can 't wait to get a little taste of home A plate of mama 's alligators étouffée You 've been talking about barbecued ' gators and crickets Fig I promise 'gators are known to have the most succulent meat I understand please English how many times have we We don 't speak Spanish I told you that man ? That 's my heritage Go with the Spanish Whatever you guys remember weekends ? Huh ? The Sox at Fenway Cold hotdog and a flat beer Perfect day Captain ? You got a perfect day ? I just can 't wait to hold my baby girl for the first time He 's adorable That 's too Shut up ! I 'm ready to do this man hey ! baby pushing through the front line man What ? what are you doing ? Water ? Thank you Are you gonna help me with the gear ? 10 miles out you are in restricted US military airspace Squawk ident and proceed east out of the area snap to heading two-five-zero to intercept not squawking we will escort you to US SOCCENT airbase we will use deadly force Copy the bogie Tail 4500 X-ray says here 4500 X was shot down three months ago Afghanistan That 's got to be a mistake sir A friend of mine was on that chopper we will escort you to US SOCCENT airbase sir Captain My ladies ! Look my goodness Look at her She 's getting so big Look at those cheeks I just wanna chew on them we made a good-looking kid we made one good-looking kid Nice work She has your laugh yeah You sure she didn 't just fart ? she 's a lady but she will 4500 X Something 's not right Bogie 's on the deck whoa Radar 's jammed It 's coming from the chopper Will ? Sarah ? I love you and I 'll be home soon To the right Go to the right Check fire power down now Have your crew step out or we will kill you Hold your fire ! Stand by to engage ! My God They bombed the antenna farm ! We 're under attack ! Go ! Move ! Move ! It 's going after the files ! Cut the hard lines ! I need a key ! It 's locked ! Move ! Move ! come here ! Come here ! hide in here ! my God Okay No ! Oh ! What the let 's go ! you 're up I got a lot of stuff Watch Okay For my family Who did Who did that ? People ! Responsibility Okay Captain Archibald Witwicky Very famous explorer which is a big deal he took 41 brave sailors straight into the Arctic Shelf men ! Move ! Chop ! Heave ! men ! no victory ! lads ! right ? And here we have some of the basic instruments and tools used by 19th-century seamen which you can get for 80 bucks by the way which is a bargain These are pretty cool These are my grandfather 's glasses but they 've seen many cool things Are you going to sell me his liver ? this isn 't show and sell It 's the 11th grade I don 't think your grandfather would be particularly proud of what you 're doing this is all going towards my car fund You can tell your folks It 's on eBay I take PayPal too And the compass makes a great gift for Columbus Day Sam ! Sorry drawing these strange symbols and babbling on about some giant ice man that he thought he 'd discovered Okay Might be a pop quiz tomorrow Might not 50 40 ? 30 ? sorry right ? I 'd say a solid B - A B - ? You were hawking your great-grandfather 's crap kids enjoy can you do me a favor ? What ? Can you look out the window for a second ? You see my father ? He 's the guy in the green car Yeah I wanna tell you about a dream A boy 's dream And a man 's promise to that boy I 'm gonna buy you a car 000 and three As 000 and I got two As Okay ? Here 's the dream Your B - Dream gone Kaput what would Jesus do ? yes So ? though wait I can 't see It 's an A So I 'm good ? You 're good son What kind of a little surprise no Dad ! you got to be kidding me See ? Yeah I am You 're not getting a Porsche I think it 's funny What 's wrong with you ? You think I 'd really get you a Porsche for your first car ? I don 't want to talk to you for the rest of this whole thing come on It 's just a practical joke It 's not a funny joke Manny ! What ? Get your cousin out of that damn clown suit He 's having a heat stroke again Scaring white folks I 'm hot ! Makeup 's melting It hurts my eyes Dad I 'd have been happy with four wheels and an engine let me explain something to you Okay ? You ever see 40-Year-Old Virgin ? Yeah that 's what this is And this is 50-year-old virgin Okay You want me to live that life ? I got it Dad Right Gentlemen except without the runs How can I help you ? looking to buy his first car You come to see me ? I had to baby Uncle Bobby B let me talk to you your first enchilada of freedom awaits underneath one of those hoods son A driver don 't pick the car The car 'll pick the driver It 's a mystical bond between man and machine but a liar 's not one of them Mammy ! bitch you know ? every piece of car a man might want or need This ain 't bad This one 's got racing stripes Yeah It got racing what 's this ? What the heck is this ? I don 't know nothing about this car Manny ! What ? What is this ? This car ! Check it out ! boss ! I 've never seen it ! That 's loco ! Manny ! Find out ! Feels good with the slick wheels and the custom paint job but it 's custom It 's custom faded ? this is your first car I wouldn 't expect you to understand I 'm not paying over four Sorry get out Get out the car no You said cars pick their drivers sometimes they pick a driver with a cheap-ass father Out the car this one here for four Gs is a beaut There 's a Fiesta with racing stripes over there I don 't want a Fiesta with racing stripes This is a classic engine right here I sold a car the other day Gee Holy cow no No worries You all right ? Manny ! Get your clown cousin and get some hammers baby ! greater than man drove all the way from Alabammy 000 Steve Mr Secretary They 're so young sir NSA 's recruiting right out of high school these days that 's the Secretary of Defense I am so underdressed the Secretary of Defense Please be seated I 'm John Keller so these are the facts the SOCCENT Forward Operations Base in Qatar was attacked there were no survivors The objective of the attack was to hack our military network which would lead us to assume that they 're going to try it again no one 's taken responsibility for the attack And the only real lead we have so far is this sound That 's the signal that hacked our network NSA 's working at full capacity to analyze it but we need your help to find out who did this you 've all shown considerable ability in the area of signals analysis people The President has dispatched battle groups to the Arabian Gulf and Yellow Sea This is as real as it 's ever gonna get Now I 'm gonna leave you to your officer-in-charge You 'll break up into teams and you 'll start your work Good luck to us all Mojo I got the car Now I need the girl I need money to take out the girl is what I need Zero bids Great Broke Mojo You want your pain pills ? No Premature Good What 's up ? just driving my car Driving my car It 's like clockwork you 're sleeping outside Okay ? That 's it for today No more Crackhead this one is uneven Yeah Probably This one is wobbly Yeah I 'll take care of that real soon Couldn 't we have hired a professional ? Sam What ? I do not like footprints on my grass What foot There 's no footprints That 's why I built my path okay ? you 'll understand This I can 't do it anymore You 're putting girl jewelry on a boy dog What ? Mom That 's his bling I want you home at 11 : 00 ! all right 11 : 00 ! drive safely Seat belt on ! Wow You are so cheap it 's his first car Supposed to be like that we can 't confirm whether there were any survivors my God our highest readiness level We 're dealing with a very effective weapons system that we have not come across before But our prayers are with the families of the brave men and women Daddy 's gonna be okay I 've never seen a weapons system like this The thermal shows this weird aura around the exoskeleton like it 's cloaked by some kind of invisible force field That 's impossible There 's no such thing as invisible force fields right ? I don 't know What is that ? you know ? and that thing that attacked us ? I got a feeling it ain 't over How about you use those magic voodoo powers huh ? I think it saw me It looked right at me we got to get this thing back to the Pentagon right away They got to know what we 're dealing with here My radio 's fried Mahfouz How far do you live from here ? Not far Just up that mountain Do they have a phone ? Yes let 's hit it are you sure we 're invited to this party ? Miles It 's a lake Public property my God all right ? you 're good Okay check it out hi bro That car It 's nice Hey what are you guys doing here ? We 're here to climb this tree I see that It looks It looks fun I thought I recognized you right ? Let 's go call your mom that No That wasn 't like a real tryout I was researching a book I was writing yeah ? Yeah Yeah ? What 's it about ? Sucking at sports ? it 's about the link between brain damage and football it 's a good book Your friends 'll love it pop-up pictures It 's a lot of fun That 's funny okay You know what ? Stop let 's head You got to get out of the tree right now Get please What are you doing ? Did you see that dismount ? All the chicks were watching You 're making me look like an idiot We both looked like idiots just now no This is not a toy I don 't want you grinding them No Why doesn 't my little bunny just hop in the back seat ? I can 't even tell you how much I 'm not your little bunny Okay You 'll call me tonight ? what 's wrong with your radio ? I 'm gonna drive her home tonight What ? man Let her hitchhike okay ? It 's my only chance all right ? All right We 'll put her in the back I 'll be quiet Put her in the back " ? I called shotgun I 'm not putting her in the back You got to get out of my car That 's a party foul What rules ? Bros before hos I 'm begging you to get out of my car Okay ? You can 't do this to me You got to get out of my car right now Who 's gonna come around when you break ? Mikaela ! It 's Sam Witwicky I hope I didn 't get you stranded or anything You sure ? I was wondering if I could ride you home to your house There you go So I can 't believe that I 'm here right now it won 't hurt my feelings no I didn 't mean here with you this same situation that I 'm always in for tight abs and really big arms Big arms ? there 's a couple new additions in the car I just put in that light there And that disco ball And so the light reflects off the disco ball Yeah Are you new to school this year ? It 's your first year here ? no We 've been in the same school since first grade Really ? Yeah a long time do we have any classes together ? yeah Really ? Which ? History Language arts Math Science Sam Sam Yeah Sam Wilkicky Witwicky you know what ? I 'm so sorry I just it 's cool I just didn 't recognize you that 's understandable no No Come on it 's a new car When I get that feeling I want sexual healing so Sexual healing you know I wouldn 't try this on you 'Cause this is like a romantic thing that I 'm not trying to do Not that you 're not worthy of trying something like this on of course not I 'm a friend of yours I 'm not a romantic friend Romantic friends do this we I could be I feel good Just pop the hood shut up nice headers You 've got a high-rise double-pump carburetor Sam Double-pump ? It squirts the fuel in so you can go faster I like to go faster And it looks like your distributor cap 's a little loose Yeah ? How 'd you know that ? My dad He was a real grease monkey He taught me all about this put it back together That 's weird I just wouldn 't peg you for mechanical my God I don 't really broadcast it Guys don 't like it when you know more about cars than they do Especially not Trent He hates it females working on my engine actually no problem I was thinking why do you hang out with him ? You know what ? I 'm just I 'm gonna walk Good luck with your car All right right ? no you gotta work for me now please Baby come back any kind of fool could see Hey ! There was something in everything about you Baby come back you can blame it all on me Hey ! Wait a second ! I was wrong and I just can 't live without you There it is thanks for listening yeah You You think I 'm shallow ? no I think there 's a lot more than meets the eye with you Okay Yeah I 'll see you at school All right That 's stupid That was a stupid line There 's more than meets the eye with you " Stupid God my God I love my car I think the other team figured it out Iran man This is way too smart for Iranian scientists kid ? Chinese ? No way This is nothing like what the Chinese are using level three-three-zero we 'll know just what to do with them Thank you You 're welcome there are very few survivors Mr President ? darling ? I joined the Air Force to bring the man Ding Dongs I 'll be in storage Shoot Gross Do you hear that ? Are you getting this ? I think they 're hacking the network again my God This is a direct match to the signal in Qatar Are you running a diagnostic ? Should I be ? you should So I am Someone ! They 're hacking into Air Force One ! We need a senior analyst I think they 're planting a virus A virus ? It 's streaming right now They are planting a virus and stealing a whole lot of data from your system at the same time Code Red We have a breach someone onboard has breached the military network I 'm in the cargo hold Clear Clear You got to cut the hard lines What ? they are getting it Sir ? Permission to take down the Defense Network Cut all server hard lines now Cut all server hard lines now Someone 's tampered with the POTUS mainframe What the shots fired prepare for emergency descent I want our President in that bunker And I don 't want to discuss a damn thing other till that becomes reality That 's our first priority That 's our only priority right now Air Force One is on the ground no ! That 's my car ! No ! no call the cops ! buddy ? Where you going ? Hello ? 911 emergency ! My car has been stolen ! the whole squadron all right ? My father 's the head of the neighborhood watch ! my God My name is Sam Witwicky okay ? You saw that ? it wasn 't mine wait that that 's not true It 's mine and Uncle Charles gave it to me I love you No ! No ! No ! No ! my God you 're a good dog ! Good dog ! Good dog ! my God hey ! All right ! Oh ! No ! No ! please don 't kill me ! I 'm sorry ! Take the keys ! I don 't want them ! Car 's yours ! listen you 're here Let me see your hands ! no ! It 's not me ! Let me see your hands The guy 's inside Shut up ! Walk towards the car Put your head on the hood only this time it worked What did they get ? We still don 't know Talk to me about the virus It 's a Spider-bot virus but it may cripple the system it adapts and speeds up It 's like it 's not a virus anymore It 's become the system Obviously the first phase of a major attack against the US The only countries with this kind of capability maybe China young lady I didn 't see you standing there You would be who ? I 'm just the analyst who detected the hack Hold on It was you ? You did it ? they hacked your firewall in 10 seconds Okay Even a supercomputer with a brute force attack would take 20 years to do that how our latest satellite imagery shows North Korea doubling its naval activity because isn 't that what we 're doing ? The signal pattern is learning It 's evolving on its own And you need to move past Fourier transfers and start considering quantum mechanics There is nothing on Earth that complex What about an organism ? A living organism ? Maybe some kind of DNA-based computer ? And I know that that sounds crazy That 's enough That 's enough We have six floors of analysts working on this thing I 'm gonna be happy to listen to you But if you don 't get a filter you 're gonna be off the team You understand ? I can 't be any clearer than how crystal clear I am being It just stood up It just stood up Wow That 's really neat chiefie Time to fill her up And no drippy-drippy What are you rolling ? Whippets ? Goofballs ? A little wowie sauce with the boys ? I 'm not on any drugs What 's these ? Found it in your pocket " Mojo Is that what the kids are doing now ? Little bit of Mojo ? a Chihuahua A little What was that ? 50 Cent ? You wanna go ? Make something happen Do it 'Cause I promise you I will bust you up Are you on drugs ? Let 's hope this telephone line works heads up ! Heads up ! Hey ! Heads up ! What the heck was that ? dude English Whoa ! Watch out ! Open fire ! Contact ! Contact ! quiet Settle mother What the hell is Get up ! Get up ! Come on ! Go ! Move it ! Take cover ! Fig ! Cover the rear ! cover the rear ! Epps ! Cover the rear ! Move it ! Come on ! Give me a mag ! Where 's your papa ? Where 's your papa ? Papa ! we need I need a telephone yes ! Telephone ! I need a mag ! Give me a mag ! Cell phone ! I don 't know how to thank you Fire ! This is an emergency Pentagon call ! I need you to Do you understand ? It 's an emergency Pentagon I don 't have a credit card ! the attitude is not going to speed things up any bit at all I 'm going to ask you to speak into the mouthpiece very clearly I 'm in the middle of a war ! This is frigging ridiculous ! Ammo ! I need a credit card ! Epps ! Where 's your wallet ? Pocket ! Which pocket ? My back pocket ! You got 10 back pockets ! Left cheek ! Left cheek ! Left cheek ! keep shooting ! Keep shooting ! it 's Visa have you heard about our premium plus world-service gold package ? I don 't want a premium package ! Epps ! Pentagon ! Give me a status we 're tracking a Special Ops team under fire in Qatar They say they 're survivors of the base attack Survivors ? I ain 't never seen this in my life ! Need gunships on station ASAP ! Predator 's coming up in a minute We 're linking the call to the nearest AWACS if you seen this shit Predator ETA two minutes Hey ! Make way ! What is that ? I don 't know We need air support and we need it now Roll in strike package Bravo on unknown target I authenticate Tango Whiskey at time 0300 Zulu all aircraft This will be a danger close-fire mission I just got a call from Falcon Ops Who 's closer to Kill Box One Alpha ? send the Hogs over to Kill Box One Alpha It 's a danger close 300 feet danger close Friendlies in the area Seven-man team north of orange smoke ! Received Kill Box One Alpha Engage hostile Attack direction west ! You 're clear and hot ! tell me status of Hog right now Hog One-One Dark Star status Lennox ! The heat 's coming ! Laze the target ! We got a beam-rider incoming ! Laze target ! Ready ! Heat 's coming ! What ? Bring it ! Receiving radar jamming in vicinity of target No frigging way that thing 's still not down use 105 shells Bring the rain ground team is requesting 105 sabot rounds Did we lose them ? Warthog One confirm visual on friendlies Where 's Fig ? God ! God damn it ! Get a medic ! Get a medic ! I 'm sorry Black Hawk We 'll get a medic Just hold on He 's got a pulse We need a medevac One man down Patient care category urgent Bring them home You get those men stateside right now I want them debriefed in 10 hours There 's only one hacker in the world who can break this code hey ! Wait ! Stop ! I am sorry to bother you I need your help my place of Zen and peace Listen to me Glen ! Who is it ? Grandma ! please ? Grandmama ! Drink your prune juice ! man ? Six here come the matrix ! Here come the matrix ! don 't you want to see something classified ? Yeah Get low I just paused it I just paused it Hey I need a moment Please Sorry save my game How classified ? Like " I will go to jail for the rest of my life for showing you " classified Yes ! One quick peek Special Ops got a thermal snapshot of whatever hit the base in Qatar sir but we also have a security issue Circle logs indicate one of the analysts made a copy of the network intrusion signal The signal strength is through the roof Where did you say you got this ? It hacked the national military air-guard frequency in less than a minute No way Yeah Looks like there 's a message embedded in the signal Let me work my magic Project Iceman " ? What 's Sector Seven ? Who is Captain Witwicky ? Are you playing those video games again ? Cops ! Cops ! FBI ! Clear right ! Lock it down ! Lock it down ! Cops ! Lock it down Wait ! I 'm just a cousin ! I 'm just a Get off my Grandmama 's carpet ! She don 't like nobody on the carpet ! Especially police ! It was an awesome spectacle here an hour ago when over 40 C-17 s lifted off of this very base We 're not told where they 're going Mo The government has been very quiet about what 's going on but in our Mojo Mojo They were headed directly towards North Korea Mojo It 's too early Please ? listen to me Listen man ? Satan 's Camaro In my yard It 's stalking me Stop ! no my God ! Sam ? Hi That was That was really awesome it felt awesome Are you okay ? all right ? I 'm losing my mind a little bit I 'm getting chased by my car right now I got to go You know what ? I 'm gonna catch up with you guys later great Cops Officer ! Listen ! that hurt Listen to me ! Thank God you 're here ! I 've had the worst day ever ! I 've been I 've been followed here on my mother 's bike ! Right ? And my car 's right there and it 's been following me here ! all right ! Okay ! I 'm sorry ! I 'm I didn 't mean to hit your car ! Look ! stop ! what do you want from me ? Okay no ! No ! shit ! It 's a bad dream Are you username LadiesMan217 ? I don 't know what you 're talking about ! Are you username LadiesMan217 ? Yeah Where is eBay item 21153 ? Where are the glasses ? Get back ! Stop ! God ! Sam ? there 's a monster right there ! It just attacked me ! get up Get up and run ! You have to run ! Okay what is that thing ? You have to get in the car Get in I don 't want to Get in the car Trust me Trust me ! Sam go God ! We 're gonna die ! We 're gonna die ! we 're not gonna die my God ! Trust me He 's a kick-ass driver ! my God ! No ! We 're gonna die ! my God ! We 're locked in right ? Okay Time to start God ! He 's going to kill me ! no ! Get off ! Kill it ! Kill it ! get it ! are you ? come on What is it ? It 's a robot But like a like a super-advanced robot It 's probably Japanese it 's definitely Japanese What are you doing ? I don 't think it wants to hurt us It would have done that already do you speak robot ? a giant droid death match I think it wants something from me What ? 'cause the other one was talking about my eBay page You are the strangest boy I have ever met Can you talk ? XM Satellite Radio Digital cable brings you Columbia Broadcasting System So you You talk through the radio ? you 're wonderful what was that last night ? What was that ? Captain Throughout the inanimate vastness of space Angels will rain down like visitors from heaven ! Hallelujah ! Visitors from heaven ? What an alien or something ? Any more questions you want to ask ? He wants us to get in the car And go where ? don 't you want to be able to say you had the guts to get in the car ? This car 's a pretty good driver I know there ? I 'm not going to sit in that seat He 's driving Yeah You 're right maybe you should sit in my lap Why ? safety first all right Right ? Yeah Okay see ? That 's better Okay Okay that seat belt thing was a pretty smooth move Thank you You know what I don 't understand ? does he transform back into this piece-of-crap Camaro ? Whoa ! Whoa ! that doesn 't work See ? you moron ! now See ? Fantastic Now you pissed him off That car is sensitive $ 4000 just drove off What ? This is you my God ! let 's go This is the coolest thing I 've ever seen ! Explosions everywhere ! This is easily a hundred times cooler than Armageddon I swear to God ! fire ! Whoa ! Sweet ! 'cause he is so boned ! What is that ? dude there 's something in the thing by the tree ! Could you guys just give me a space rock ? are you the tooth fairy ? what are you doing out here by yourself ? Holy God ! What happened to the pool ? descendent of Archibald Witwicky ? They know your name Yeah My name is Optimus Prime We are autonomous robotic organisms from the planet Cybertron But you can call us Autobots for short Autobots Jazz This looks like a cool place to kick it What is that ? How did he learn to talk like that ? We 've learned Earth 's languages through the World Wide Web Ironhide Ironhide Just kidding I just wanted to show him my cannons Ratchet The boy 's pheromone level suggests he wants to mate with the female Bumblebee right ? second to none huh ? His vocal processors were damaged in battle I 'm still working on them Why are you here ? We are here looking for the All Spark And we must find it before Megatron Mega-what ? leader of the Decepticons All who defied them were destroyed and the All Spark was lost to the stars where Captain Witwicky found him My grandfather It was an accident that intertwined our fates Come back ! I think the dogs have found something The ice is cracking ! Captain ! lads ! Captain ? Megatron crash-landed before he could retrieve the Cube Men ! We 've made a discovery ! He accidentally activated his navigation system The coordinates to the Cube 's location on Earth were imprinted on his glasses How 'd you know about his glasses ? eBay eBay they will use its power to transform Earth 's machines and build a new army And the human race will be extinguished you hold the key to Earth 's survival Please tell me that you have those glasses It 's like a self-regenerating molecular armor Look at the scorch mark where the sabot round hit Melted right through 000-degree magnesium burn ? Close to it It melts tank armor So this metal skin must react to extreme heat Heads up ! Oh ! man ! Strap it down ! Strap it ! This thing is wicked get on the horn with Northern Command Tell them that our effective weapon is high-heat sabot rounds Recommend we load them on all the gunships Go You want that piece ? look Let me break it down to you how it 's gonna happen bad cop all right ? That 's why I ate their food they put the plate of donuts out here to test your guilt you 're guilty I ate the whole plate The whole plate Okay ? It 's me and you you don 't say nothing She did it ! She did it ! She 's the one you want ! All right ? and she came in there you freak Hey ! I am not going to jail for you or anybody else ! I 'm still a virgin so what ? I 've downloaded a couple of thousand songs off the Internet Who hasn 't ? Who hasn 't ? shut up ! criminal ! sugar rush This is This is not his fault See ? So can I go home now ? okay I won 't But just listen to me all right ? It was something about someone named Witwicky right ? Named Sector Seven You have to let me talk to Defense Secretary Keller before you go to war with the wrong country ! Whatever fell out of the sky ended up right behind What did he say ? What ? too Yeah What does he think it is ? He thinks it 's a military experiment I think it 's a plane Still no official word as to what happened You can see Yeah ! Call Sam Yeah Why ? He should be home in 15 minutes I 'll call him in 15 minutes he 'll be late and you 'll have to ground him can I ? all right ? You got to stay here and you 're gonna watch them okay All of them okay all right ? Dad Hey ! the path I 'm sorry I forgot about the path I 'm gonna sweep the whole thing right now How about that ? I buy half your car Yeah then I bail you out of jail and then I just decided to do all your chores huh ? is how good it is Dad I 'm gonna do the trash cans now I don 't want you to strain yourself Dad I 'll do it It would hurt my feelings if you do it I don 't I promise I 'm gonna do it I 'm gonna do the trash cans and I 'm gonna scrape the grill and I 'm gonna I 'm gonna sweep up the whole house right now right now ? Right now The I love you just so much right now Mom wanted me to ground you You 're three minutes late Right ? because you 're such a swell guy huh ? handsome man ! What are you doing ? What are you doing ? please no ! I You couldn 't You couldn 't wait for five You couldn 't wait for five minutes ? I told you to just stay ! Just stay ! God ! you know what ? this is bad No ! Mojo ! Off the robot ! God ! no ! Easy ! Easy ! Hold on ! Hold ! This is Mojo This is Mojo He 's a pet of mine He 's a pet Okay ? That 's all If you could just put the guns away Put the Put them away Please You have a rodent infestation A what ? Shall I terminate ? he 's a Chihuahua This is my This is my Chihuahua We love Chihuahuas ! Don 't we ? He 's leaked lubricants all over my foot He peed on you ? Bad Mojo Bad Mojo ! Bad Mojo ! I 'm sorry He 's got a male dominance thing That 's all it is My foot 's gonna rust All right okay Shut up and go hide ! Just hurry recon I hope he 's okay He 's in the kitchen Got some ice on his nose I had to slap him around a little bit You did not almost no come on What ? What is this ? Time is short They really want those glasses Come on What are you doing ? I 'm gonna help you Okay Please hurry Okay no It 's definitely gone What do you mean ? My glasses were in the bag They were in the backpack and now the backpack isn 't here so what do you wanna do ? So what I think you should do is you should You should check this whole This whole section here and I 'll get the corner here no Not there That 's my That 's my private Sorry That 's nothing You just but I didn 't mean to look inside of my treasure chest You should be way more specific so I don 't get in trouble in your room I 'm already stressed out enough Okay What now ? no not a truck stop God Oh ! I saw it The UFO landed right here and now it 's gone man ! Who 's gonna pay for that ? Sam He 's back here I can 't deal with this I can 't no This is my mother 's flower Oops listen You got to listen to me they 're gonna freak out okay ? We must have the glasses I know you need the glasses I 've been looking everywhere They 're not here They 're definitely not here Keep searching I need you to be quiet for five minutes Ten minutes Okay ? I 'm begging you You got to You 're making a racket I can 't concentrate You want me to look and I 'm hearing calm down You got to do something here You got to do something here for five minutes Good ? Good ? Okay Move ! Get away ! What 's the matter with you ? Can 't you be quiet ? He wants us to be quiet move ! Earthquake ! get under the table ! Move it ! Duck and cover right now ! How did you get over there so fast ? Wow ! That was tingly ! that looks fun Sam ? Sammy ? What the hell is that ? I don 't know Sam ? That 's weird point the light we got a major issue in here What 's with the light ? You gotta stop the light What 's going on ? Turn it off You gotta tell him to shut it off are you in there ? How come the door 's locked ? You know the rules No doors locked in my house ! You know he 'll start counting if you don 't open the door ! One more chance Five dear pal He 's counting ! just open the door Three my Two He 's counting Stand back What 's up ? What 's with the bat ? Who were you talking to ? I 'm talking to you Why are you so sweaty and filthy ? I 'm a teenager We heard voices and noises and we thought maybe you were It doesn 't matter what we thought What was that light ? Dad ! There 's no light ! You got two lights in your hand ! That 's what it is Maybe it bounced There was light under the door you can 't You can 't just bounce into my room like that You got to knock You got to communicate We knocked for five minutes I 'm a teenager We knocked You didn 't knock okay ? No what you 're doing here for Pete 's sakes ! You are so defensive ! Were you masturbating ? Judy Was I okay ? I don 't masturbate ! That 's not something for you to bring up okay ? Father-son thing you don 't have to call it that word if that makes you uncomfortable You can call it Sam 's happy time or Happy time ? my special alone time Stop Mom stop with myself you can 't come in and I 'm sorry It 's just been a weird night I 've had a little bit to drink we saw a light parents but we saw it Earthquake ! It 's another one ! Another earthquake ! Get in the doorway ! Okay ! Aftershock ! Aftershock ! I hate these hide the lights are back on Hide ? What ? get out of that tub Can 't you take safety seriously ? man ! Man Oh no ! Look at the yard The yard is destroyed Judy ? Better call the city We got a blown transformer ! Power pole 's sparking all over the place ! man Yard 's a waste Trashed Gone It 's a wash The whole yard You 're kidding The parents are very irritating yeah Can I take them out ? you know we don 't harm humans What is with you ? I 'm just saying we could It 's an option Sam I told Hi I 'm Mikaela I 'm a I 'm a friend of Sam 's you 're gorgeous Isn 't that the prettiest girl ? Mom Thank you my goodness I 'm sorry you had to hear our little family discussion about Sorry that we 're bugging you Do you have my backpack ? it 's in the kitchen yes Okay Okay Yeah Your mom 's so nice I want you to distract my parents okay ? Ronald Wickity ? It 's Witwicky Who are you ? We 're the government Sector Seven Never heard of it Never will is he not ? It 's Witwicky sir ? there 's guys all over the front yard What the heck is going on here ? Your son filed a stolen car report last night We think it 's involved in a national security matter They 're ripping up my rose bushes ! National security ? That 's right National security they 're everywhere There 's guys in suits all around the house ! Look at this ! Could you stay off the grass ? Get me a sample and some isotope readings They 're pulling bushes out of the ground ! Good Lord ! They 've got to get their hands off my bush ! that 's my I 'm carrying a loaded weapon But you 'd better get those guys out of my garden or I am gonna beat the crap out of them ! Are you experiencing any flu-like symptoms ? Aching joints ? Fever ? No ! What is this ? son ? Is your name Sam ? I need you to come with us way out of line I am asking politely Back off You 're not taking my son Really ? You gonna try to get rough with us ? but I 'm gonna call the cops because there 's something fishy going on around here your little Taco Bell dog and this whole operation you got going on here What operation ? That is what we are gonna find out I think direct contact Son ? Yeah please Just stand ? Fourteen rads Bingo ! Tag them and bag them ! I 'll kick your ass ! Get me a sample on that vegetation ASAP ! Sam ! Yeah Not a word until we get a lawyer ! LadiesMan217 right ? it was a typo and I ran with it What do you make of this ? okay ? And my Is that you ? that sounds like LadiesMan you told the officer your car transformed okay ? 'Cause this is a total misunderstanding that my car had been stolen but it 's fine now because it 's back ! It came back ! no Because cars don 't do that because that would be crazy That 's funny That is so funny huh ? E T ? No It 's an urban legend Yeah You see this ? This is an I-can-do-whatever-I-want and-get-away-with-it badge Right I 'm gonna lock you up forever God You know what ? Don 't listen to him He 's just pissy ' cause he 's got to get back to guarding the mall do not test me Especially with your daddy 's parole coming up What ? Parole ? that ain 't nothing ? You know those cars my dad used to teach me to fix ? they They weren 't always his You stole cars ? so sometimes he had to take me along She 's got her own juvie record to prove it ! She 's a criminal Criminals are hot That 'd be a real shame if he had to rot in jail the rest of his natural life It is time to talk ! Big ! It 's big ! go ! I can 't see it ! I can 't see it ! Shift your weight towards the front ! All right ! All right ! You A-holes are in trouble now Optimus Prime Taking the children was a bad move relieve them of their weapons Freeze ! Whoa ! Whoa ! Give me those ! Whoa ! Whoa ! there You don 't seem afraid Are you not surprised to see us ? okay ? I 'm not authorized to communicate with you except to tell you I can 't communicate with you Get out of the car All right Me ? You want me to get Now ! all right Get out Hey I 'm I 'm getting out I 'm getting out You see ? Very nifty how you put us down without really killing us huh ? How you doing ? huh ? Yeah This is real all right ? I have a record because I wouldn 't turn my dad in When have you had to sacrifice anything in your perfect little life ? huh ? What is Sector Seven ? Answer me young man ! How 'd you know about the aliens ? Where did you take my parents ? I am not at liberty to discuss it No ? that 's a federal offense right ? with his big alien friend standing over there Where is Sector Seven ? Wouldn 't you like to know ? Hey ! stop lubricating the man huh ? take it off What are you talking about ? off For what ? For threatening my dad this is the beginning of the end of your life You 're a criminal Let 's face facts It 's in your gene pool Those are nice Now get behind the pole All right what you 're doing okay ? He 'll hunt you down Without any remorse ! No remorse Enjoy Okay ? We have got to alert everyone They already know Speaker Optimus ! Incoming ! Roll out I 'm picking up rad readings under that bridge right down there I 'm getting really good rad readings Forty-two and higher Up you get we 're dropping in Really strong readings right down below us There he is come on in mark him there he is 11 : 30 11 : 30 Right off the nose I got it 12 : 00 I 'm tracking him I 've got him Got him going down the street guys ? I lost him Got no IR signature Where 'd he go ? I lost him I lost him we 're coming around you two don 't drop me ! don 't ! I 'm slipping ! I 'm slipping ! Hold on ! No ! Sam ! we 've got him pinned We 've got him pinned in the river I 'm in for the shot Stop ! Stop ! Wait ! No ! get him Take the shot No ! No ! Stop ! Stop ! Get down on the ground ! Get down ! Get down ! What ? Okay he 's not fighting back ! Freeze it ! Freeze it ! Freeze it ! Stop hurting him ! Don 't let him move ! I got him here ! No ! Happy to see me again ? Put him in a car with his little criminal friend I want that thing frozen and ready for transport ! Hang back Let me check it out are we just gonna stand here and do nothing ? There 's no way to free Bumblebee without harming the humans But it 's not right He Let them leave The Chinese and the Russians are nearing our area of operations in the western Pacific We feel like this could get out of hand real fast But the next couple of hours may just define his presidency US and Chinese task forces approaching 100 nautical miles of cruise missile range Tell the strike group commander that he 's not to engage unless fired on first sir ! Mr Secretary ? Advanced Research Division Tom I think you can see that What 's going on here ? I don 't know Sit rep ! Talk to me ! sir I can see that ! The virus was coded to shut us down General ? I 'll take a seat shut us down " ? They used our network to spread out to the whole world The blackout 's global satellite and land lines are dead You mean to tell me that I cannot pick up this telephone and call my family ? Mr Secretary ? I 'm here under direct order from the President You really need to see what I have in the case You 'll have to accept that there are certain things you won 't understand right away Sector Seven is a special-access division of the government convened in secret under President Hoover 80 years ago You may remember NASA JPL lost the Beagle 2 Mars Rover We told them to report the mission a complete failure It wasn 't Beagle 2 transmitted 13 seconds This was classified above top secret 48 minutes More than just a pile of Martian rocks This is the image from Mars Here 's the image your Special Ops team was able to retrieve from the base attack and obviously not Russian or North Korean Are we talking about an invasion ? We intercepted the message from your Special Ops team These things can be hurt by our weapons and now they know it which I would bet my ridiculous government salary is coming soon Get word to our fleet commanders over the National Guard frequency It 's a shortwave radio channel It might be still working Tell them to turn their ships around and come home ASAP ! And inform all commands to prepare for imminent attack we need you and your team to come with us right now ! Let 's go ! She 's in here What 's going on ? You 're coming with me too ? Who 's this ? too So What 'd they get you for ? I bought a car Turned out to be an alien robot Wow Who knew ? Make a hole ! Watch your back ! let this work Optimus The code The code on these glasses indicates the All Spark is 230 miles from here I sense the Decepticons are getting ready to mobilize as well What about Bumblebee ? We can 't just leave him to die and become some human experiment ! He 'll die in vain if we don 't accomplish our mission Bumblebee is a brave soldier This is what he would want Why are we fighting to save the humans ? They 're a primitive and violent race Were we so different ? They 're a young species They have much to learn But I 've seen goodness in them Freedom is the right of all sentient beings You all know there 's only one way to end this war We must destroy the Cube I will unite it with the spark in my chest That 's suicide The Cube is raw power It could destroy you both A necessary sacrifice to bring peace to this planet We cannot let the humans pay for our mistakes It 's been an honor serving with you all roll out ! We rolling ! Team attention ! Present arms ! Sergeant Got your intel Excellent work sir What about the gunships ? They 're being retrofitted with sabot rounds now we 'll be ready for them But it won 't do us much good if we can 't get world communications back up kid huh ? You must be hungry ? You want a latte ? HoHo ? Double venti macchiato ? Where 's my car ? I need you to listen to me very carefully People can die here We need to know everything you know We need to know it now Okay my parents Maybe you should write that down forever Come with me We 'll talk about your car Thank you The man 's an extortionist here 's the situation You 've all had direct contact with the NBEs NBEs ? Non-Biological Extraterrestrials Try and keep up with the acronyms What you 're about to see is totally classified Dear God What is this ? our gravitational field screwed up his telemetry probably a few thousand years ago We shipped him here to this facility in 1934 We call him NBE One that 's Megatron He 's the leader of the Decepticons He 's been in cryostasis since 1935 Your great-great-grandfather made one of the greatest discoveries in the history of mankind all reverse-engineered by studying him NBE One That 's what we call it And you didn 't think the United States military might need to know that you 're keeping a hostile alien robot frozen in the basement ? we had no credible threat to national security you got one now So why Earth ? It 's the All Spark All Spark ? What is that ? they came here looking for some sort of cube-looking thing wants to use the Cube to transform human technology to take over the universe That 's their plan And you 're sure about that ? Yeah don 't you ? Follow me You 're about to see our crown jewel 000 BC The first Seven didn 't find it until 1913 They knew it was alien because of the matching hieroglyphics on the Cube as well as NBE One President Hoover had the dam built around it Four football fields thick of concrete A perfect way to hide its energy from being detected by anyone or any alien species on the outside back up You said the dam hides the Cube 's energy What kind exactly ? Good question Please step inside They have to lock us in wow What 's that ? Freddy Krueger done been up in here or something ? man man That 's only three That 's Wolverine ! Right ? That 's Wolverine ! That 's very funny Anybody have any mechanical devices ? BlackBerry ? Key alarm ? Cell phone ? I got a phone Nokias are real nasty You 've got to respect the Japanese They know the way of the samurai Nokia 's from Finland a little strange He 's a little strange We 're able to take the Cube radiation and funnel it into that box huh ? That thing is freaky ! huh ? He 's breaking the box Go ! Go ! Go ! Move ! they know the Cube is here Banachek What 's going on ? the NBE One hangar has lost power What ? and the backup generator is just not gonna cut it Do you have an arms room ? Megatron ! Megatron ! Megatron ! I 'll bring security to the Get everyone to the NBE One chamber now ! The lights are out ! Move it ! Move it ! Let 's go ! They 're popping our generators ! Megatron melting ! 16502 We 're losing pressure Stand by ! Set ! We 're losing pressure ! The cryogenic system is failing ! We 're losing NBE One ! Forty millimeter sabot rounds on that table ! That 's good Get all the ammo you got Everything you can carry Bring it You got to take me to my car You have to take me to my car He 's gonna know what to do with the Cube Your car ? It 's confiscated Then unconfiscate it We do not know what will happen if we let it near this thing ! but I don 't know You just wanna sit here and wait and see what happens ? young man Take him to his car ! Drop it Whoa ! Whoa ! Whoa ! soldier There 's an alien war going on and you 're gonna shoot me ? we didn 't ask to be here I 'm ordering you under S-Seven executive jurisdiction Seven don 't exist Right And we don 't take orders from people that don 't exist I 'm gonna count to three sir ? I 'd do what he says Losing 's really not an option for these guys All right Okay you want to lay the fate of the world on the kid 's Camaro ? That 's cool no ! Stop ! You got to stop ! Stop ! Stop ! Stop ! stop ! Let him go ! Let him go ! Are you okay ? right ? Listen to me The Cube is here and the Decepticons are coming don 't worry about them They 're okay Right ? They 're not gonna hurt you Just back up a little bit He 's friendly He 's fine come on Put the guns down They 're not gonna hurt you come with me I 'm gonna take you to the All Spark here we go He doing something He doing something my God Captain Let 's get to it we 're screwed with Megatron in the other hangar Mission City is 22 miles away We 're gonna sneak that Cube out of here and we 're gonna hide it somewhere in the city Good ! Right But we cannot make a stand without the Air Force This place must have some kind of radio link ! yes you got to figure out some way to get word out to them Let 's move ! sir ! The alien There 's an old Army radio console Will it work ? Anything 's possible ! get it in the car ! Mr Secretary ! Get our birds in the air okay ? Affirmative ! Warning ! NBE One cryo-containment failing Check that backup system ! The cryo 's failing ! You got to bump up the cryo ! The cryo 's failing ! Come on ! Get out of here ! Heads up ! Look out ! Set a perimeter around the yellow vehicle ! this way ! Up there ! Let 's go ! I am Megatron ! it 's fine put the seat belt on Pour it on him ! Lord Megatron Where is the Cube ? The humans have taken it Starscream Get them ! Mags ! sir ! Give me a minute Give me a minute come to me Plugged in there We 're hot ! We 're live ! Where are the mikes ? Mikes ? Simmons no ! Let 's find them all right ? I 'll sit I 'll sit They steal everything out of this place How do we get the signal out ? How do we call the Air Force ? Glen ? Huh ? Can you hotwire this computer to transmit a tone through the radio ? What good is that ? Morse code ! You can use this to transmit it through that ! let 's see I need a screwdriver ! There 's Optimus Almost done What the hell was that ? Barricade the door ! Get something Watch out ! three Here ! Put some rounds in ! Master search I got it ! We 're transmitting ! Send exactly what I say ! you little sucker ! Burn ! This is Defense Secretary Keller Get me NORTHCOM commander Whoa ! Whoa ! What was that ? Authenticate emergency action Blackbird 1195 I have an authenticated air strike order from Sec Def no What ? block them my God Mom ! This is so not good He 's behind the pillar ! cover fire ! It 's the Air Force ! They 're responding ! burn ! shit ! Yes ! They 're sending F-22s to the city ! scramble Strike and Dark Star roll call Looking out the right side Push to Kill Box One Alpha let 's go ! Mount up ! Move out ! Move out ! Go ! Go ! I got shortwave radios Wait What am I supposed to do with these ? use them ! It 's all we got ! man I 'm only gonna get 20 or 30 miles out of these things Are there any aircraft orbiting the city ? F-22 at 12 : 00 I want planes for air cover and get Black Hawks on station to extract that Cube You got it ? Air Force has arrived ! Pop smoke ! do you copy ? We have you visual Green smoke is the mark Provide air cover and vector Black Hawks for extraction It 's Starscream ! Please tell me you copy Back up ! Take cover ! Bumblebee ! no ! Move ! Back up ! Back up ! Retreat ! Fall back ! Incoming ! Anybody hurt ? Everyone okay ? Clear the area ! my God Bumblebee ? No Your legs ! Your legs back ! You all right ? Please get up Bumblebee ? Get up ! Ratchet ! What the hell was that ? What are you talking about ? what am I talking about ? They shot at us ! F-22 pilots would never fly below buildings That 's alien That ain 't friendly ! You got to get up You 're okay You 're okay Come on ! Army Black Hawk inbound to your location Over 10 miles 12 clicks north Move out ! Let 's go ! Let 's go ! Move ! I 'm not gonna leave you Decepticon punk ! my God ! Concentrate your fire ! Come on Come on Megatron ! It 's Megatron ! Retreat ! Move ! Fall back ! Fall back ! Get our guys out of the way ! Get out of here ! Go ! Get them out of the buggy ! Move out ! We need air cover down here now ! help me with this little cretin You want a piece of me ? You want a piece ? No ! I want two ! What 's going on ? Sir ! That tank thing 's getting back up these things just don 't die we 're so dead Wrap it around the head Sam ! Where 's the Cube ? Right there Okay And take that and wrap it around the base and then put it around his neck get those Black Hawks here ! That building Okay What ? take this flare white building with statues on top Go to the roof Set the flare No no I can 't do this ! Listen to me ! You 're a soldier now ! All right ? I need you to take this Cube or a lot of people are gonna die I 'm not leaving I 'm not leaving okay ? Army Black Hawk requested Immediate evac for civilian boy with precious cargo Headed to rooftop marked by flare we will protect you Okay where are those planes ? Sam ! I 'm really glad I got in that car with you Sam ! Get to the building ! Move ! attack ! Hit it ! Cover fire ! Move to cover ! Watch out ! get that tow truck out of here ! I 'm going ! I 'm going ! Get out of here now ! Megatron ! Prime Humans don 't deserve to live They deserve to choose for themselves Then you will die with them ! Join them in extinction ! Sam ! Don 't stop ! No ! get to the building ! boy ! Did that jerk just dent my car ? You 're not gonna get me You 're not gonna get me ! boy ! Maggot ! no ! I 'll drive ! You shoot ! This isn 't going well ! Shoot ! Shoot ! Nice shot let 's go ! We got business ! Hey ! Hey ! I 'm over here ! We 've got the boy Watch out ! Missile ! Sam ! No ! No ! fleshling ? Where do I go ? Give me the All Spark and you may live to be my pet no I 'm never giving you this All Spark ! so unwise boy Hold on to the Cube ! no ! Disgusting Sam ? You risked your life to protect the Cube you must push the Cube into my chest I will sacrifice myself to destroy it Get behind me Megatron Prime one shall fall You still fight for the weak ! That is why you lose ! Fighter jets in 60 seconds We got friendlies mixed with bad guys Targets will be marked Hey Bring the rain All right ? let 's kill these things aim low Armor 's weak under the chest Target marked Still waiting 20 seconds we 're still waiting Move out ! Incoming ! Weapons armed Status green Run ! Move ! Second wave 's on approach What is that ? Break off ! Copy It 's either a massive amount of get a lock ! Pop that guy ! Stay on him Keep him in your sights Take him out ! Two 's down ! I 'll kill you ! Mine ! All Spark ! Sam ! Put the Cube in my chest ! Now ! Sam ! Sam ! Hold up brother I owe you my life We are in your debt we couldn 't save him Jazz We lost a great comrade but gained new ones all of you You honor us with your bravery sir ? old friend You speak now ? I wish to stay with the boy If that is his choice Yes the President has ordered Sector Seven be terminated and the remains of the dead aliens disposed of deepest place on our planet leaving no evidence we cannot return life to our planet a new world to call home protecting I have witnessed their capacity for courage there 's more to them than meets the eye I am Optimus Prime and I send this message to any surviving Autobots taking refuge among the stars We are here We are waiting so-called alien activity in the area ? Do you know what ? I think that if there was some sort of an alien infestation Yeah would be the first to let you know The government would let us know this is America Yeah because there 's no secrets Hey ! Duck and cover Your head is kind of a different size than it is on television Subtitles ßy MühàmmáÐ Ü § mâñ
