 [ Dr. Nicholas Rush ] : Destiny ... The design is clearly Ancient , launched hundreds of thousands of years ago . Where the hell are we ? Several billion light years from home . [ Scott ] : We 're on a ship , but we have no idea where we are in relation to Earth . [ Rush ] : This ship could be the most important discovery mankind has made since the Stargate itself . These are the wrong people in the wrong place . [ Scott ] : We 've got a lot of wounded . We need to get home . [ Rush ] : We barely have enough power to operate the main systems . This ship simply doesn 't have the capability to dial Earth . In this case are five Ancient communication stones . You physically take control of an individual at the other end ... Where are you ? It 's top secret . Wait , did you get the letter from- - Yeah , the Air Force , I got it . You sound like you 're in airplane . It 's the kind of thing I always dreamed of . Dad , no , wait ! [ Chloe ] : The ship is old and damaged . We were losing air , and somebody had to- - He 's dead , isn 't he ? I didn 't choose my job over you . It wasn 't just about the job . I want nothing more than to get back here to be with you . You made your choice , Everett . You are so beautiful . Don 't . I 'm sorry . I never meant to hurt you . Colonel ... Sorry , sir , they 're waiting . Sorry . We 're late . You 're late . It 's my fault . Thanks for joining us , Colonel . Sorry , sir , I wasn 't expecting a party . We may have figured out a way to get you home . Surprise . Now , the power flow issues are obviously the biggest variable , but our simulations are encouraging . It 's time to take it to the next level . Any questions ? Sounds dangerous . The IOA fully supports the implementation of this plan . I 've seen it for myself , the situation on board is dire and justifies the risk . Look , I 'm not going to pretend to understand everything you guys are talking about , but it sounds like there 's a chance that this plan could end badly . You want to get those people home . So do we . I 'm just saying maybe these guys could do a little more calculating . The fact is , we are at the stage where a practical attempt is the only way to get any more hard data . The goal is to save lives . And we don 't want to put the ship at risk . All we 're asking is that you try . Well , this is something I would have to take up with everyone on board . Colonel ... my office ? Look , if it makes you feel any better , Colonel Carter saved my ass dozens of times using all kinds of wacky science I didn 't understand . Well , I can 't force people to do something they don 't want to do . You 're in command of that ship . It 's not a democracy . I 'm sorry , sir , it 's just , it 's not that simple . Yes . Yes , it is . A United States senator is dead . His daughter and dozens of other people are trapped a billion light years away from home . The President wants it done . Sir , with all due respect- - You are being given a direct order , Colonel- - And I 'm telling you that regardless of the consequences to my standing , I 'm going to take the situation under advisement . I will let you know my decision tomorrow . Are you sure you don 't want anything ? Oh , I 'm fine . Thank you . Must be nice to get out , I imagine . It is . Everyone 's very impressed with how you 're holding up , under the circumstances . I 'm doing my best . You 're our eyes and ears now . Your life , certainly the lives of everyone aboard , is the first priority , but you have to understand , there 's a lot at stake here . You passed me up for promotion four times . I never really got a straight answer as to why . You are a highly trusted , well-respected member of this organization . You would not have been on Icarus in the first place if you weren 't . The point is , I know there 's no way in hell you 'd be talking to me right now if you had a choice . So , please , can we just cut to the chase ? Make this happen . I 'm not a scientist . - How can I do that ? - You have influence . The people on board need to believe it 'll get them home . Even if , in reality , it can get us all killed . Not what I 've been told- - Why are you pushing so hard ? If this works , we think we might be able to use the data to re-engineer the process in one of our ships here in this galaxy . Dial a gate to Destiny without an Icarus-type planet . Yes , and get the team that was supposed to go in the first place back on board . Now that we know where the ninth Chevron leads , this mission has taken on even more importance . Why isn 't Rush here ? Ah ... We 're not convinced Rush wants to come home . And do I have to remind you how much you have to gain , personally , in all of this ? Assuming I live . The ship doesn 't have enough power to dial back to Earth , and as we 've seen recently , when the ship runs out of juice , it finds a star and refills its tanks . Now , theoretically , at that time , the full power of the star should be available to us . Star power . Ultimate wattage , baby . Yeah , it 's ... It 's brilliant . If we can somehow use the ship as a conduit and channel the star 's energy into the gate as we dial- - That would do it . [ sighs ] Problem is the whole " ship as a conduit " part . Well , does anyone know when the ship will run out of power again ? It 's tough to tell . Based on current usage , probably going to be several months . Not if we can drain the power faster . Right , that 's part of the plan that sounded a little vague . It 's possible . So you guys are saying you 're all for this ? Let 's see what Rush says . Given how little we know about this ship- - Can 't we at least try it and abort if something goes wrong ? [ scoffs ] Well , unfortunately , the " something goes wrong " part would most likely mean the ship exploding . Not according to the people who came up with the idea . Well , if only all science was that definitive , Colonel . You 're just going to have to choose who you want to believe . There 's nothing to worry about . It doesn 't hurt at all . Do I look worried ? A little . Just trying to figure out what I 'm going to say to my mom . My family thinks I 'm on Sabbatical in Africa . So when it 's time to come back , what do I do , click my heels three times ? There 's no way for you to disconnect the transmission yourself . The base needs to be manually shut down . There 's a device on the other side as well , and turning either off will sever the connection . Pretty cool . Easiest way to swap consciousness with someone across the universe I 've ever seen . [ chuckles ] What 's with the kino ? First time using the stones . Very exciting . Any chance I could get something else to wear ? Wow , check me out . Okay , this is weird . The people we 're in can 't hear us , can they ? No . Wonder what they 're doing with our bodies . Colonel Telford . I 'll just get right to it . I 've been ordered to enact the rescue plan put forward by the IOA . - Rescue plan ? - I don 't understand . I 've brought doctors McCormack and Williams with me . - I believe you know them . - Yes . I 've already set them to work . What about Colonel Young ? Effective immediately , I 'm assuming command of Destiny . - You replaced me . - For now . Without waiting to hear my answer ? You were going to say- - Give us more time . Then you were going to be disobeying a direct order . Sir- - Look , I offered you command of the expedition . You were my first choice , but you turned it down . Your exact words , as I recall , were , " I don 't think it 's still in me , sir . " Well , I 'm there now , sir , whether I like it or not , whether anyone likes it . This is wrong , and you know it . I 've spent most of my career looking up to you , because you always did the right thing even if it meant disregarding the chain of command- - Colonel , don 't think I like this . [ Eli ] : They can 't do this to us , can they ? For now , they have . Look , I think it comes down to the fact that they don 't trust Rush , and the truth is , I can 't blame them . What are we supposed to do ? Well , they 've given you permission to see your families as long as you guys follow the rules . Look , I hate to go there , but what happens if they screw up and the ship explodes ? Most likely , we will die here too . Look , apparently , they 're just doing some preliminary testing , information-gathering , nothing too crazy . So , what you 're saying is , live it up while we can . Colonel Telford , I presume . Sergeant . He can use the facilities . That 's it . And what if the power flow can 't be controlled ? Well , if there are any dangerous fluctuations , we just shut it down and allow the ship to continue powering up . Early tests show it should work . We are not going to be putting you in any more danger than you 're already in just being here . From what I gather , supplies are desperately short . And given the condition of the ship , it could experience a fatal breakdown at any time . No one is trying to alarm you unduly , but we can 't continue to scrape by , barely surviving . Obviously , we can 't say for sure that this is going to get you home , but the best minds that we have are working on this , and I 'm sure you 'll agree ... it 's well worth pursuing . Dr. Rush . Colonel . It is spectacular , isn 't it ? Yes . If this plan has any chance at succeeding- - Which it doesn 't . Control over most of the ship 's operational systems is limited , at best . Navigation , propulsion , and many others have been locked out entirely by a master code which we have had no luck in breaking . I thought you might want to know we 've come up with a way of draining the power . Yes , so I heard . Many of the power conduits have been badly damaged , and firing the ship 's weapon system without either repairing them or isolating the damaged areas would be prohibitively dangerous . That 's what we 're working on right now . Just wanted to keep you informed . She 's not going to understand . She can barely follow an episode of Star Trek . You don 't have to tell her . Yes ? - Hi . I- - - Can I help you ? My name is ... Phillip . Phillip Fry . I work with your son . You know Eli ? We 've recently become very close . [ knocks gently ] It doesn 't feel real . It 's like a ... bad dream . You 're here . If this is the only way , I can live with that . I can 't stay this way forever , Mom . I know . Everyone 's working very hard to get you home . I 'm trying to get through this . I am . Your father always used to say- - One step at a time . I miss him so much . Me too . Oh , awesome , thanks . Eli drinks four or five of those a day . Actually , he quit . Really ? I find that hard to believe . He 's on a bit of a crash diet . You may not recognize him next time you see him . When will that be , do you know ? I 'm sorry , I 'm not sure . Really getting into shape , though . Can I get you something to eat ? Eli said you make the most amazing chocolate chip cookies . He told you that ? Oh , yeah . It 's crazy how close you get in such a short time . Sometimes it 's like he 's just right up there in my brain . Why don 't I make some ? You can take them back with you . He also said you make a mean schnitzel , but I don 't want to put you out . No , I 'm happy to do it . You know , I thought he 'd be calling more often . Here , let me help you . Tell me ... this work you 're doing ... I know you can 't tell me much about it . I can tell you that it 's important . In fact , it could change the world as we know it . Really ? My Eli ? Not that I 'm surprised , don 't get me wrong . He 's my son . Of course I think he 's special , but he was always so bright , so different , but he just , uh ... He never seemed to apply himself . Some of it was my fault . Oh , no ... He doesn 't blame you at all , for anything . I 'm sorry if this is personal , but he told me you 're not well . Did he ? [ laughs nervously ] Lucky guess . Eggs are in the fridge , right ? I didn 't think he ever talked to anyone about it . He asked me to make sure the Air Force was making good on their promise to help you . To be honest , the whole thing makes me a little anxious . I ... I really just want to know Eli 's okay . He is . You make sure you tell him I 'm proud of him . I will . I 'm sorry . I- - It 's just , it all happened so suddenly , and I ... I miss him . He misses you too . That 's it for me . I 'm almost done over here . You 're stalling . I 'm doing things the way they need to be done . Now , we 've isolated power to 40 % of the operational weapons system , and it should be good enough to get us a read on our power reduction capability . The next time we drop out of FTL- - Look , this ship is old and damaged . The computers aren 't registering half the things they 're supposed to . I want manual confirmation before activating any system that comprehensive . Over 80 % of this ship is inaccessible without spacesuits right now . With only two suits , doing it your way could take months . If that 's what it takes . Dr. Rush , we 're ready here . Okay , sending power through . [ alert wailing ] Riley ... Looks like a coolant leak . I thought you got it . Yeah , so did I. There 's a problem . Power 's backing up in the relay . Shut it down . I 'm trying . It 's not working . The problem is contained . It 's restricted to that corridor . That 's not the point . How big an explosion are we talking about ? I 'm going in . I can seal it . Are you crazy ? You can 't go in there ! We 're on the hull ! Rush ! We are in FTL ! If it punctures the hull , disrupts the shield at all , even for a microsecond , then the entire ship could be in jeopardy . [ power ramping up ] Riley ! It 's , um ... It 's going to be touch and go . We 're proceeding with the test next time we drop out of FTL . Colonel , the man nearly died . You 're the one who put him in jeopardy . I was trying to make sure you didn 't kill us all . I 'm not going to . Look , I accept responsibility for what happened , but you forced the situation , and activating the weapons system the way you 're proposing is completely reckless . Come on , Rush , these people are in danger just being here , evidenced by what just happened . This ship is falling apart . They 're the wrong people for this . We need to get them home . Yeah , well , there 's a right way of doing that . We are doing it the right way . That 's a matter of opinion . Look , I know that we 've had our differences in the past . Yeah , you wanted me off the expedition team . I remember . It was my duty to express concern for how everyone else felt about you . So are you suggesting that my judgment is now somehow clouded , or is it that I 'm just plain lying ? Admit it , Rush , after everything that 's happened , you 're afraid they 're not going to let you come back . [ cell phone rings ] Hello ? Hey , it 's me . How 's it going ? [ sighs ] Okay . How 'd your mom take it ? Couldn 't do it . I told her I was a co-worker . I told my friends I 'm cousin Liz from out west . [ laughs ] I may have oversold the job . I said I was going to change everything for mankind as we know it . What the hell , right ? Might as well make her feel like I left for a good reason . You did . Right . I guess so . So , uh , some of my old friends are taking " Cousin Liz " out on the town to see Janelle Monae . You want to come hang out with us ? Hell , yes . [ knock on door ] Emily , it 's me . Emily ... Hey , no . Emily ! Emily , please just open the door . Just go away ! I 'm not leaving , Emily . I 'm not going to leave you . I will call the police , Everett . Emily , please , it doesn 't end like this , Emily ! Open the door ! I just want to talk to you ! Hey ... Just , I need you to just listen to me , okay ? Because I know this is crazy . I 'm barely keeping it together , and the only thing that 's keeping me from going out of my mind is you . That 's making me crazy too , because I know how much I hurt you , and I know that you hate me for leaving . Emily , I really tried- - I didn 't want to come here . I tried not to come here , but I can 't- - I can 't stand it ! Baby , I 'm so sorry . I 'm so sorry , and I love you so much . Please , just ... I had to try , right ? Just in case there was a chance . A chance that you could forgive me ... You know , maybe you 're just afraid thinking that I would die out there , so it 's easier for you to push me away now than ... have to face me like this . I just want to come home ... to you , and that 's all I want . [ Rn 'B music ] Hi . Me ? What 's your name ? Phil . Can I buy you a drink ? I have one . Yes , you do . Want to dance ? Sure . Oh , my God , this is awesome ! Hey , we 're going to go dance . You guys want to come ? No . So , how long have Celina and Josh been together ? I don 't know . Too bad about Chloe 's dad , huh ? Yeah . What 's she going to do ? What do you mean ? Well , her job . She was working for him , right ? I don 't really think that 's on her mind right now . Sure . Well , tell her we 're sorry . I will . You know , it sucks for me , because Senator Armstrong was hooking me up with his Wall Street connections , and now that 's not going to happen . I think I have to go throw up . Hey ... Hey . So is Chloe really okay ? She 'll be fine . I wish she 'd call me back . I 'm sure she misses you . I think she 's just having a hard time dealing right now . It 's just ... I really need to talk to her , you know ? You mean about the fact that you 're sleeping with her boyfriend ? What ? It 's pretty obvious you guys are together . Look , Josh and Chloe broke up . Yeah , I don 't think she ever would have suspected that you 're the real reason why . I don 't know who you think- - How could you do this to me ? To you ? You 're supposed to be her best friend ! Get your hands off of me . Excuse me , Colonel ? Can I have a word ? One moment . About Sergeant Greer- - Colonel Telford ? Oh , baby ... [ gasping ] [ crying out ] Scott , it 's Young . What just happened ? We just dropped out of FTL , sir . Uh , what 's going on ? It must have disrupted communication between the stones . Scott , listen to me , we don 't have a lot of time . You 've got to- - Colonel Young ? Colonel Young ! [ gasping ] : Oh , baby ... [ sighs and moans ] What just happened ? We just dropped out of FTL . Looks like it might have temporarily disrupted the communication device . We have to fix that . Sir , I think Colonel Young wanted me to shut down the stones . This is no longer his command , is that clear ? The device stays on . A glitch ? That 's one hell of a glitch , General . That 's what I 'm being told , Colonel . They 're working on it . Yes , sir . Just let me know . They said it was some sort of glitch . Apparently . It won 't happen again . How do they know ? I don 't know . Right now , I don 't care . Did you see that girl I was dancing with ? She wrote her email address on my hand ! I hate this . I hate everybody . Hey , Captain Buzzkill . Whoa , okay , no more drinks for Cousin Liz . You see those two over there ? That 's my best friend , Celina , and my ex-boyfriend . You can do better . Do you want to dance ? I think I want to go over there and punch him in the face . Hey , hey ! I have an idea . How about we get out of here ? Whoa , whoa , whoa , easy ... This is awful . I 'm not even drunk at all . Really ? Because you seem drunk . My head 's just all foggy . Almost there ... Usually it makes me feel better . At least for a little while . It usually makes me dizzy ... and then I fall asleep . [ sobbing ] [ crying ] Just once I 'd like to go out with a girl and not have it end with her crying . My life was so shallow and pointless , and then I started working with my dad . I really thought that I could do something , make a difference . You can . These aren 't even my tears ! I 'm sorry . If it makes you feel better , I had a really great time tonight . I 'm glad . [ sniffles ] Do you know the last time a girl that hot told me I was cute ? Never . Doesn 't it bother you that she wasn 't really talking about you ? Well , when you put it like that ... Uh , I didn 't mean that . Come on ... You 're cute . The real you . What ? Nothing . Go on . You were saying ... And you 're funny , too , - and you 're a genius . - Oh ... And ... Don 't say it . You 're a good friend . Yes . That 's me . I am a good friend . I don 't want to be trapped on that ship , and I don 't want to be stuck here like this . I can 't feel anything . Can you ? Well- - You know what 's the worst part about having a father like mine ? Whoa , how did we get onto that ? You can 't live up to it . He was so great . I 'll never be like he was . [ crying ] : My dad definitely would have punched Josh in the face ! Wow . I think I 'm going to take you home . Could you take me home ? A lot of people are behind this . Well , a lot of people play the lottery . What 's surprising is they 'd do it with their lives . I know you 're opposed . I have serious concerns myself . I 'm just wondering how much safer it might be if you were involved . [ weapons blast ] They can 't keep me locked up in here forever . You know he will , as long as he can . What you did ... he had it coming to him . [ chuckles ] Look , just shut down the damn stones , man . I 'm not you , Ron . He 's our commanding officer- - Colonel Young is our commanding officer . Telford 's got guards posted 24 / 7 . What am I supposed to do ? This better work . What are you doing ? I 'm making sure we still have enough power to control these consoles when approaching the star . Dr. Williams says you 've come up with a way of improving the odds of success . Well , I don 't want to die , Colonel . Good . Hopefully , we 've proven that 's not our goal . I 'm sorry . I couldn 't deal with it , the thought of you being trapped on that ship , with her . Emily , what do I have to do ? And I shouldn 't have brought it up again . I know it 's over , but you got to understand ... Everett ? [ growls ] : No ... Rush , what 's happening ? We just jumped to FTL . Rush ? Colonel Telford ? Yes ... Everything okay ? He will be soon enough . All right , this is ridiculous . Jumping back and forth without any warning is completely- - ... unacceptable ! Seriously . Routing power flow to the Stargate . Ready to attempt dial-in . Do it . All right , stand back ! Everyone back up ! [ murmurs of rising fear ] You 're going to overload the capacitors . Bringing power flow down . [ crowd shouting in panic ] The limitations are not holding . Because the system wasn 't meant to handle this much power . [ shouts of terror ] Stay calm ! The shield is failing . Colonel , we need to abort . Shut it down ! It 's not working . I thought you said you could stop it ! I know ! It won 't shut down . Where the hell are you going ? Do something . They 're gone . Thank you . [ button beeps , overloads fade and cease ] If I can have everyone 's attention , please ... I 'm sorry to have to tell you that , uh ... We will not be going home , not yet , anyway , but you can all relax and return to your quarters . The ship will not be exploding , at least not today . Normal power levels will be restored soon , - right ? - Yes . Thank you . You staged the whole thing . So all of this was just to get rid of Telford ? Had to be done . So you 're saying that the ship was never going to explode ? Oh , no , we would most definitely all be dead had I not put certain limits in place . I also arranged for the alarms and warnings to go off regardless . Bit of theater , always nice . Their plan was never going to work . You could have warned us . You scared the crap out of everybody . Well , I didn 't know who was on my side , did I ? Colonel Telford removed not only any sense of command , but the two scientists that designed and implemented the program that was causing the crisis . The situation appeared to be irreversible . Fortunately , Dr. Rush was able to avoid catastrophic disaster . Yes , and we 'd like to see how he did that , along with the rest of the data collected during the experiment . Those were people 's lives you were experimenting with . We were trying to get them home . You cut and ran . There was no point in three more lives being lost if it could be avoided . Colonel Telford was following orders . Sir ... After much consideration , we have decided to stay in communication with Earth . I hope personal visits for everyone on board will still be permitted . That depends , Colonel . Consider it done . Thank you , sir . I 'm afraid the time that I 've allotted for this briefing is now up . General ... We are going to have to be tough . Disciplined . The road may be longer than many of us hoped . We will have to sacrifice , compromise , work together without exceptions . I thought you did a good job . People need to know the truth , but they also need hope . I need you to do something for me . Sure thing . Go over the data collected - as they tried to dial the gate . - I have already . There 's a lot I don 't understand- - Well then , you need to learn , as fast as you can , and you talk to whoever you have to . You think Rush is hiding something ? Well , that 's what I want you to tell me . [ activates playback with a beep ] We are going to survive . We are going to make it home . Make no mistake , my first priority is to make sure that we all return to those we love . [ knock on door ]
