 13 Bannerman Road is where Sarah Jane Smith lives , home to things beyond your imagination . There 's an extra-terrestrial super computer in the wall , a genetically engineered boy genius in the attic , a schoolgirl investigator across the road . And a whole universe of adventure right here on the doorstep . Ready ? Always . Ashen Hill Manor is reputedly one of the most haunted locations in the UK . Ghosts do not exist . My children ! Disappearances ? Nobody said anything about any disappearances . EMF readings throughout the house are spiking . Something 's happening . Aaaahhhh ! Where did she go ? You crossed my threshold of your own free will and now by my will you shall stay . You will never leave this place . You will be with me for eternity . Mr ... Darkening ? Good to meet you . You 're a legend . Really . But this is a ' one night only ' appearance . It 's not like we 're not tempted , but we 've got school on Monday ... Ha ha ha ha ! You crossed my threshold . In a single step you left choice behind . Now you are in my world . Your world ? You need to get out more , mate . Er , sorry , you can 't . I forgot , you 're a ghost . A ghost ? Is that what you think I am ? Child , there 's no such thing as ghosts . Oh , boy , this is worse than The Sixth Sense . Are you in for a shock ! You are mine . You will not have them . That 's ... Marchwood ! It 's a super-spook smackdown ! Have you not yet faded into the ether ? Not while your shadow still stains the walls of my family , wizard ! We exist at different frequencies . You still cannot harm me , Marchwood . And your magic cannot hurt me again . Ha ha ha ha ... Run ! You shall not escape me ! No-one escapes me ! How do we get out of here ? Just keep running . ECHOES : Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ! Come this way . Quickly . Oh , wow ! Ghost boy . Who 's here ? Whoever you are , whatever you are , I 'm neither frightened of you , nor here to hurt you . If you want to communicate , I 'm listening . Who 's there ? 'Sarah Jane ! Help me ! 'Sarah Jane ! Help me ! 'Sarah Jane ! Help me ! ' Professor Rivers ? Celeste , is that you ? 'Sarah Jane ! Help me ! 'Sarah Jane ! Help me ! ' I will . I will help you , I promise . 'Sarah Jane ! Help me ! He 's coming for you ! Professor Rivers . Oh ! Sarah Jane ! What on earth are you doing in the fire place ? We found Erasmus Darkening ! He seemed pretty lively for a ghost . He 's not a ghost , I 've seen him , too . Whatever is going on in this house , it is far more dangerous than a haunting . There 's this technology , ancient , but it shouldn 't have been here 340 years ago ! Show me . There 's a secret passageway in the control room . You must leave this place . Lord Marchwood ! Hey , your lordship . Thanks for earlier . He helped us escape from Darkening . Yes , he saved me , too . Whatever you do , don 't go into the grounds . There 's something out there . There is still time . The creature needs time to reassemble . We can 't leave . Not without our friend . Your friend is lost to Darkening . As is everyone who comes here . As am I. As are my children . Your children helped us escape out of the tunnel . You 've seen Elizabeth and Joseph ? So have I. They 're here ? In this house ? They 're looking for you . I have searched for over 300 years . Darkening says you exist at different frequencies . So that 's how he separated you from your children . He is a curse upon my house . Upon my family . He has taken the very land of my ancestors and turned it against us . And I am responsible . You didn 't die here , did you ? Neither did your children . No-one died here , did they ? His curse is more than death itself . Miss Smith ! CRACKLING You should see this . CRACKLING I was coming to look for you and they were just ... there . It 's all the people who 've disappeared in the house . You poor , poor souls . Still say there 's no such thing as ghosts , Miss Smith ? You said you wanted to help us . I do . You 're all trapped here ? He trapped us . Erasmus Darkening ? He 's as much a part of this house as the bricks and mortar . He took my whole family away . PROFESSOR RIVERS : Is anybody there ? Can anybody help me ? What about Professor Rivers ? She hasn 't been fully absorbed yet . Absorbed ? By the house . There 's still time to get her back . Please . Help us all . Joseph and I , we miss our father , we want him back . He 's OK , we 've seen him . Release us from this purgatory . SPARKING What treachery is this ? I grant to all life eternal and this is how you honour my beneficence ? Darkening , no ! Be gone ! What are you , Erasmus Darkening ? I am lord of this place and all who cross its threshold , and step into my dominion . I am Erasmus Darkening , lord of magic ! You really shouldn 't believe your own press . Maybe people believed in magic when you were conning Lord Marchwood that you could make gold from lead , but not any more . Mmm . The passage of 340 years has bequeathed humankind with a little more wisdom , I see . Are you saying you 're not human ? You 're an alien ? Alien ? What are you talking about ? These are ghosts , not aliens . This is an emissary of the afterlife . Call me what you will . Know only that this is my world , that I rule all who cross its threshold , and that this night ... I will come for you all . CRACKLING Well , he knows how to leave you wanting more , I 'll give him that . So if he 's responsible for the Professor vanishing , why didn 't he take us when he had the chance ? Because he 's playing with us , trying to scare us . We don 't scare that easily . Listen to me , Darkening ! I have fought the worst things from the darkest corners of the universe . You don 't stand a ghost of a chance ! DARKENING : Ha ha ha ha ha ha ! I 'm not sure that was entirely wise . Come on . Show me how to get to Darkening 's chamber . Well , can 't say I 'm looking forward to this . Hold on . If Darkening catches us all in his lab , we 're gonna be in trouble . She 's got a point . When he found us down there before , it wasn 't exactly what you 'd call a magical moment . You need someone to keep him busy . No . It 's out of the question . It 's far too dangerous . And all of us piling into Darkening 's lab isn 't ? Even a ghost can 't be in two places at one time . Not even an alien ghost ! If me and Clyde are keeping him busy , there 's no way he can stop you looking at that thing down there . The logic is undeniable . All right . But stay together . And , whatever you do , don 't go outside . OK . You be careful . Don 't worry about me . I 've got Toby here . Come on . So how do you distract a ghost ? You ... find him a pretty ... ghoulfriend ? Tell me , why are you so determined to believe in the supernatural ? You 're a scientist . Your father was nominated for the Nobel Prize for Physics . You must know it 's nonsense . When I was six years old , something used to come into my room . Something ? Something grey , with no face . It stood and watched me , all night . And don 't try to tell me it was a dream , like my father did . I pleaded with him to let me sleep in another room . I begged him and I cried , but he wouldn 't let me . I 've never forgiven him for that . It 's OK . Hey , Darkening ! Ssh ! Where are you hiding ? We 've come to ... bust you ! Yeah , well , I 'd feel a whole lot better , if I was wearing a Ghostbusters proton pack right now . Yeah . I know what you mean . They even made boiler suits look cool . Talking of which , is it getting cold in here ? I thought that was just me . Sarah Jane would say it 's psychological . I suppose she is right , isn 't she ? About ghosts . If Darkening is an alien , I mean , he looks just like us . Some aliens are like us . The Doctor looked human . EXPLOSION What was that ? ! I don 't know . Noisy neighbours ? It 's getting closer ! Come on ! I think it 's following us ! CRASHING SQUEAKING Something tells me we 're not alone in here . I think Darkening 's got us right where he wanted us . Yeah , we 're snookered all right . Get down ! We have to get out of here . No , no , wait ! Not that way ! Whatever chased us in here is still out there ! Oh , it 's stuck ! Come on , come on ! Got it ! Clyde ! Look out ! I 'm never playing pool again ! What was it Sarah Jane said we shouldn 't do ? Whatever happened ? Don 't go outside . GROWLING It 's locked ! Hey ! Let us in ! Sarah Jane 's in the tunnels , she can 't hear you . SCREECHING What was that ? Could just be a ... fox . Or whatever Sarah Jane said was out here . GROWLING Come on ! There 's got to be another way in . Nobody home . That 's a good start . It 's freezing . We 're underground . What is that ? Exactly what I expected , alien technology . It 's like a computer built from brass and iron . I don 't think it 's a computer . I 've seen something like it before . I think it 's a trans-dimensional accelerator . I don 't understand . This entire house has been turned into a portal to another galaxy . We 're locked out ! With whatever attacked Sarah Jane . This is not good , Clyde . GROWLING No . That 's not good . Come on ! The pavilion ! It all makes sense . Erasmus Darkening is an alien . And over 300 years ago , he was trapped here on Earth . So he pretended to be an alchemist , finding the secret of turning the lead into gold ? All the time he was building this - a way to get home . It works by bending one dimension over another , and opening a doorway through . A portal . Professor Rivers has what ... ? Gone through it ? I think something went wrong 300 years ago , it 's been malfunctioning ever since . And Darkening 's somehow manipulating the accelerator 's powers , he 's channelling it . You 're saying all these ghosts ... Are living people ? Trapped between dimensions . What happens if we turn it off ? The disappearances will stop , but those people will be lost for ever . Including Celeste Rivers . Quickly , Clyde . GROWLING It 's not exactly the Alamo . I hope not . They got into the Alamo . Yeah . Well , it 'll have to do . There was something in those bushes , I 'm sure . Tonight , it doesn 't matter what you shut out , you never know what you 're locking yourself in with . Great ( ! ) Thanks for that thought . I 'm sorry . I just hope we gave Sarah Jane a chance to fix whatever 's going on here . Is there some way of reversing it ? Possibly . I 've seen trans-dimensional accelerators before . I travelled in something that used the same principle for years . You did what ? Oh , there are so many things out there more exciting than ghost hunting , Toby . Who exactly are you ? Nobody special . Wherever he is now , Erasmus Darkening must once have been a very , very clever scientist . My mind is a colossus , Miss Smith . Time is meaningless to me . I have contemplated the mysteries , the physics of the universe , of time , of life itself . Every being that has become part of my dominion feeds my existence . You mean the accelerator is powered by the lives of the people it takes . No-one dies here . I thought you understood that . The accelerator 's malfunction transformed this house into a gateway to eternity . It 's not a gateway , it 's a trap . You 're using the accelerator to steal life energy to give you immortality . And so you , you two shall be taken unto me . No-one can escape the house . And it is a better fate than that faced by your young friends . Clyde and Rani ? Where are they ? The accelerator was not entirely successful , but it did open a gateway for something . The creature outside ! Oh , no , in the grounds . If there was anything out there , I think it 's gone . Maybe we should make a break for it ? Sarah Jane might need us . Yeah . GROWLING What was that ? There 's something up there . GROWLING GROWLING Oh , that 's it , we 're getting out of here . TAPPING GROWLING I reckon that 's what Sarah Jane was talking about . TAPPING Well , at least it 's polite . GROWLING What is it ? DOOR RATTLES I don 't know . But I 'm pretty sure it 's not from round here . DOOR RATTLES Clyde , it 's gonna get in any minute . We need a plan . No , not a plan . What we need are a couple of oars . Right . Whatever 's out there , it 's not exactly bright , is it ? I mean , it could get through that door , no problem . You 're right , we can take it . RATTLING Whatever it is . Wherever it 's from . GROWLING It 's him ' oar ' us . GROWLING Are you ready ? Bring it on . What 's going on ? Time runs short . Oh , Sarah Jane . Oh , Rani ! Thank heavens you 're all right . Lord Marchwood saved us , and brought us back into the house . You are Lord Marchwood ? Nothing dies in Darkening 's dominion and nothing lives . I have done what I could to save people from this cursed house and from Darkening 's power . You tried to save us by scaring us away ? The poltergeist activity . It was you ? Look at these EMF readings . Wow , your lordship , you are smoking ! If this was a seismometer and you were a volcano , we 'd all be running away with our hair on fire . Let me look at that . That 's extraordinary . What is this sorcerer 's box ? Oh , this isn 't sorcery , this is science . That 's right . It 's given me an idea how we can defeat Darkening . But , Lord Marchwood , we 're going to need your help . I have brought this curse upon my house , and my family . I would do anything to lift it . Toby , how much electrical cabling do you have ? Darkening ! Hear me , magician ! The curse you have cast upon this house ends tonight . For over 300 years I have sought my children and watched you take soul after soul . But no more ! And you will stop me ? Was it not you , Marchwood , that brought all this upon your house ? It was your hand that took innocent people from the village , and cast them into whatever infernal place they went , your hand that took Elizabeth and Joseph . My children ! It was your hand that sought to strike me and take my life and founded my dominion . You attacked me , you damaged my device . You caused all that has happened here . You took my children . I wanted only to return home . But you stopped my experiments . Lord Marchwood has to get Darkening to step into the electro-magnetic field . You took innocent people and despatched their living souls to the netherworld . But tonight I end this curse . Energy can neither be created or destroyed , only changed . Every time Lord Marchwood attacked that creature outside he absorbed its energy . That 's why the EMF meter spiked . The electricity creates its own magnetic field . It will trap Darkening and absorb him . Turn him into electricity ? But he has to step into our trap . What about Marchwood ? If he 's in it , he 'll be destroyed . Meet me , Darkening . You cannot harm me , Marchwood . Then meet me . I know that you are not a man . But perhaps just this once , act like one . Ha ha ha ha ha ! Did you think I would be so easily vanquished , Miss Smith ? I told you , my intellect is a colossus . How could you think I would not see through so transparent a stratagem ? You disappoint me , Sarah Jane Smith . I never like to disappoint . Get back ! Eternity ! I have lost eternity-y-y-y-y-y-y ! Are you all right ? I 'm fine , thank you . Darkening , has he gone ? I think so . The magnetic field blew his fuse . That 's the trouble with having a colossal intellect , you think you 're cleverer than everyone else , never consider what other people might be hiding up their sleeves . Lord Marchwood and his children , have they gone ? Professor Rivers ? What have you done with my equipment ? Do you have any idea how much this equipment is worth ? I know , Professor . I 'm sorry . We have just witnessed the most amazing phenomena in this house and do we have any record of it ? No . But , Professor , it wasn 't paranormal , it was alien . I give up . I give up . The accelerator was synchronised with Darkening 's energies . When the magnetic field destroyed him , it overloaded , sending Professor Rivers back . But what about all the others ? They wanted to be released . At least their nightmare is over . Well , I can 't leave Darkening 's device as it is . I have to take care of it . Permanently . What about Lord Marchwood and his children ? Do you think they found each other ? I don 't know . Come on . Well , I 'm not sure that exercise proved or disproved anything as regards the paranormal . But it certainly was interesting . I 'll look forward to the next time . Me , too . I just wanted to thank you , Miss Smith . What for ? Let 's say you 've broadened my horizons . Maybe I shouldn 't be looking for ghosts , I should be looking to the stars instead . It 's a wonderful universe , Toby and no matter how much you think you know , it will always have one more surprise for us . Don 't ever forget that . I won 't . ENGINE STARTS So that 's it , then ? No more haunted house . Weren 't you paying attention ? There never was a haunted house . It was just an alien with a trans-dimensional accelerator on the blink . So , no such thing as ghosts then , Sarah Jane ? That 's right . No such thing as ghosts . Tomorrow morning this entire class will be the first to see ... The Mona Lisa . Ha ha ha ha ha ! The Mona Lisa has been stolen ! When I act like a teenager you want me to be perfect , the way the Bane made me ! Whatever we 're dealing with it 's more than just an art thing . Sarah Jane ! Mum ! Ahhh ! Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd E-mail subtitling @ bbc.co.uk
