 Previously on Fringe : A series of events has occurred . These events appear to be scientific in nature . It 's been referred to as the pattern . Olivia Dunham , FBI . We need to know what happened , how it happened , and who 's behind it . Anybody you need , you can have . His name 's Walter Bishop . He worked out of Harvard in an area called Fringe Science . Step back ! You 're telling me my father was Dr. Frankenstein . I have a job--to defend our national security . And I assure you , we are not secure . When the threat is unimaginable , that is when we are at the door . Hello ? Hey , honey , I 'm glad I caught you . Where are you ? Did you make it ? Airport lounge . About to board in 15 minutes . Look , Nat , I know with Mom being sick and me traveling so much I feel bad . I told you it wasn 't gonna be like this anymore . It 's all right . We 'll just do something next weekend when you get back . You 're not upset ? No , I understand , don 't worry . I mean , if you have to work , you have to work . Are you on your way home ? There was some traffic , but I 'll be home in about five minutes . Hey , listen , they just called my flight . Okay . Have a safe trip . Call me when you land . I will . Happy anniversary . I love you . I love you too . Randy , you 're gonna get it . Randy , you totally got me . I had no idea . Randy , stop it . You 're scaring me . Randy ? Randy ? No ... no ... no ... " Earthling " Broyles . This doesn 't make any sense . There 's no forced entry , no signs of a struggle . Walter , do you have any thoughts ? Reminds me of Christmas . Like a fire log that burns so hot it remains intact , holding the shape of its former self . You used to love that when you were a child . You 'd poke the log with your little finger when it had cooled , and you 'd draw genitalia on the reindeer decorations . Happy memories , Walter . But I think what she meant was do you have any thoughts as to what happened to Dusty here ? Well--well , the seat cushions have no scorch marks , which rules out any form of fire or spontaneous combustion . So could he have been dosed by something ? Yes , it 's possible . But before we can determine cause , we need to find some way to transport Mr. Dancik 's remains back to my lab . So , um ... Well , Peter , I 'll need a dust devil . A vacuum cleaner ? Yes , you 're right . Well , we 'll need several . What do we know ? OLIVIA : Randy Dancik . His wife found him . She thought he was on a plane to Hong Kong . But he stayed home to surprise her for their anniversary . Did this man happen to be a doctor or work in a hospital ? No , he was an investment banker . Has he visited a hospital in the last 24 hours ? I can find out . Why ? It 's not the first time I 've seen this phenomenon . Four years ago in D.C. , several victims were turned to dust like Mr. Dancik . By the time the killings ended , there were five deaths . Each of the victims worked at or had recently visited Tyson General down in D.C. After the third death , I was contacted by an Eastern European man . He knew case-specific details . Details that only the killer would have known . He offered to turn himself in , but only if we could decipher his formula . What formula ? It 's a molecular model . Some kind of complex organic compound . I recognize a couple of these elements , but the others I 'm not so sure . What is it ? Don 't know , but he implied that solving it was the key to stopping the murders . C.D.C. and N.I.H. chemists worked around the clock but couldn 't break it . There were two more victims , and after that , he stopped and the trail went cold . Until last night . I 'm gonna get these to Walter right away . Dunham . Thank you . PD confirmed with Dancik 's wife that he visited his mother in a hospital yesterday morning . Which hospital ? Uh , Latchmere General . The Latchmere Health Alliance is actually made up of three separate hospital campuses and a network of diff- - This is the hospital we 're interested in . We need to review all your employee records . We 're looking for an employee here of Eastern European descent who may have also worked in a D.C.-area hospital about four years ago . We 're looking for a match . This is a warrant giving us access to your network servers . My agents will need to take over this office . Excuse me , miss . Walter , that is a man 's remains you 're playing with . Indeed . Reduced to its most elemental components . Carbon and calcium . One Geiger counter . Batteries replaced . - Thank you , my dear . - Mm-hmm . You think some sort of radiation passed through him ? We all carry low amounts of radiation . The water we drink , the food we eat . Seven rads or so . But that equation describes something organic and highly radioactive . If it has anything to do with the man 's death , then this man will be in the mid to low hundreds . This doesn 't make any sense . Even reduced to this state , Mr. Dancik should have some trace amounts of radiation . Maybe it dissipated when he did . - It 's unlikely . - Hello ? Yup , he 's right here . Hang on . - Thank you . Hello . - Mm-hmm . Hey . Has Walter made any headway on the body ? Just that it doesn 't contain any radiation . Otherwise it 's just a pile of dust . What about the formula ? He hasn 't cracked it yet , but he thinks it may describe some kind of organism . And as of a couple hours ago , he started referring to it as a " she . " Oh ... Hold on a second . Here he is . Agent Dunham . The formula is a different matter entirely . She 's a complex chemical puzzle . What , I don 't know . But can you solve it ? W--Well , first I would need to break her into her organic and inorganic parts . And then ... Walter ? Hello ? Titanium tetrachloride . You sly temptress . Walter ? Hey . Me again . Needless to say , he 's into it . I 'll keep you posted . Okay . Thanks . BroylES : What do we have ? We 're indexing the employment records for both hospitals against any Eastern European names . Nothing yet . You know , I can stay . You should go home . I 'll wait . Why 'd the killer call you ? Was it just to taunt you ? Quite the opposite . He was distraught . Said he couldn 't control it . I got the overwhelming impression that however he was killing these people , he wanted it to end . Until today , I thought maybe it had . Something 's going on . Did you see anything ? - I want this floor sealed . - Yes , sir . Agent Broyles , we have a name . Tomas Koslov . He worked at the hospital in D.C. and quit the week the murders stopped . How long till he started working here ? About a month later . He 's a night nurse in the coma unit . He never showed up for his shift tonight . FBI . Tomas Koslov ? Clear . Clear . He knew we were coming . He must have seen us at the hospital . what do you think it is ? Soldering iron burns , electronic components . He was building something . I understand . Thank you for running it . Tomas Koslov was an alias . Nothing on that name in any of our databases . He forged his medical records and previous employment . Well , we still know he 's Russian . Cyrillic letters ? Tomas , whoever he is , certainly didn 't get that from anywhere around here . Prints ? Oh , yeah . Good one . Run it through A.F.I.S. I don 't know how many more will die . BROYLES : Isn 't that up to you ? You have the power over what happens next . No , I don 't . You don 't understand . This won 't stop until you can solve that formula . Now I know you are tapping my line , so , Agent , can you solve it ? You have ten seconds before I hang up . It 's been analyzed . The FBI , everyone , top men and women in their field . They simply need more time . Maybe we should meet someplace , you and I , you can explain what it is we 're not understand- - Hello ? Hello ? Come in . Agent Broyles , Senator Van Horn 's on line three . BROYLES : What 's so important that we had to meet face-to-face , Senator ? Phillip , when you filed those fingerprints on your suspect , it went wide . The Bureau , Homeland , CIA . Flag went up in Langley . They 're gonna take this case from you and demand you cease and desist . I support interdepartmental transparency 100 % . But this was my case four years ago , and it will remain my case . Your suspect is at the center of an ongoing international investigation led by the Russian government . By that definition alone , - it falls- - - Why are they searching for him ? CIA and the Russians ? What value does he have to them ? Who is he ? According to a statement made by one of their deputy prime ministers , he illegally removed some property belonging to the Russian federation . Property ? A weapon ? Is that what 's killing these people ? I don 't know . Within the last hour this case has been kicked three floors above both our heads . You 're a sitting member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , - a former FBI agent . - I 'm not CIA . There was a time , Dennis , that you would say that as a matter of pride , not an excuse . I understand what this case means to you . But I am sorry . There is nothing I can do here . Please give my regards to Patricia . Oof . So this is all the surveillance footage from the fourth floor . Excuse me . Hey . Where are you ? I 'm at Latchmere Hospital just going over security footage from last night . I 've just been informed that the suspect known to us as Tomas Koslov is wanted by the CIA and the Russian government . The CIA is now handling the case . And they just expect you to hand it over ? Yes ... but I intend to do no such thing . From this point forward , don 't put anything down on paper , no documentation . Anything we need to say to each other , we 'll do it in person . With all due respect , sir , I know that this case is important to you , but , when we break the rules , we 've got you to protect us . Who 's gonna protect you ? I 'm afraid that if you don 't comply with a direct order- - Agent Dunham , I 'm aware of the risks . Agent ? Hang on . We might have something . This is the adjacent hallway to the crime scene . This is 23 seconds before the victim was discovered . - Did you see that ? - Yeah . A man 's shadow . So can you get a better angle on his face ? Yes , this is a different angle , same hallway . We should see him head-on here . The light here would register an image . There is no face . Dunham . What is it ? I think you 're gonna want to see this . No reflections or highlights . No translucency . This is clearly its own entity . How is that possible ? It 's possible that the technology that our Russian friend stole allows him to become this shadow . Are you suggesting that this was some sort of Russian experiment ? Because they 're from the other side of the world , Peter , it is so hard to believe that they would have their own stripe of the inconceivable ? Really I 'm always amazed at their advancements . Even 40 years ago . You wouldn 't believe what those pinkos were up to . Russian fringe science . There 's a pleasant thought . Agent Broyles , this just came in from D.C. Senator Van Horn 's office . It turns out that it wasn 't technology that Timur stole six years ago . - He abducted his brother . - The cosmonaut . Officially , the Russian space agency states he died in space . He didn 't . Why would they say he 's dead if he 's not ? What happened to him up there ? According to these documents , they still don 't understand . Are you saying the cosmonaut 's the shadow ? I don 't know . But what is clear is Timur took his brother from the secret quarantine facility where he was being studied . Took ? He returned from his mission in a coma . And Timur 's been working in a coma ward both here and in D.C. I think Timur 's been moving his brother around from hospital to hospital and guarding him . So where 's his brother now ? Presumably still at Latchmere Hospital . No bodies have been removed from the coma ward for the past two weeks . Okay , well , I 'll get a team together . We 're good . We 're ready to go there now . So Walter and I were discussing how radiation pertains - to this formula- - - Yes , which led to a theory about the shadow . Initially , I assumed there would be a radiation surplus in the victim from the penthouse . I was mistaken . It 's not the radiation that 's killing them . Quite the opposite . It 's the radiation that the entity is after . This thing passes through victims to absorb radiation ? And disintegrates them in the process . All five of the victims were undergoing radiation treatment at the time of their deaths . Um , except for the penthouse guy . He died of bad luck . The day that he visited Latchmere General , he took a cross-country flight in a window seat . 30,000 feet closer to the Sun . It 's like getting a big fat head X-ray . So this thing followed him from the hospital ? I 'm not gonna sleep for weeks . I 'll go check the patients . Okay . Coma ward . Yeah , the lights and all the security monitors are down . We 're going to backup power . Okay . Tomas . What are you doing here ? It 's not your shift . It 's hard to explain . I have to disconnect the patient . I need it to confuse the monitors . I can 't let them see me take him . Maxine , I wish you hadn 't seen me here . Are all the patients accounted for ? Are they accounted for ? Yes ! Every bed . But , Maxine , she came in here a few minutes ago . He swapped her for his brother . She 's been sedated . Hey ! Hey . How long has he been at it like this ? Three hours . Don 't touch ! Don 't touch ! Olivia ? Agent Broyles . What a pleasant surprise . Could you get us some licorice , please , dear ? Dr. Bishop . As unlikely as it seems , is it possible that this cosmonaut somehow is our killer ? It wasn 't the cosmonaut . But it could be something inside him . It 's possible that , while in outer space , the cosmonaut took a spacewalk and brought something back with him . An organism capable of projecting itself without ever really leaving its host . I 'm not following . It 's like when a ventriloquist throws his voice . The organism can project another version of itself , what we perceive as the shadow , without ever really leaving the cosmonaut 's body . Now I have to get back to her . Dr. Bishop . We have a phone number for Timur Vasiliev based on his employment records . We can leave a voice mail message for him and hope that at some point he retrieves it . Can we tell him that we can solve the formula ? Walter ? Can we ? I think--yes . I can dominate her , Agent Broyles . But first I need something from home . You have two new messages . Message received 3 : 14 p.m. Hi , this is jerry larsen again from human resources at hartswell medical center . We 've looked over your resume , and , boy , it 's really something else . I think there 's a position here for you . Call me when you get to town . We 'll show you around minneapolis . Thanks again now . You have one new message . Message received 6 : 45 p.m. This is special agent Broyles from the FBI . I 'm the agent you spoke with four years ago . I have information about the formula for you . Call me at 617-555-0118 . I 've been thinking too linearly . Deductive . Restrictive . I must expand my thinking . If you 're looking for your acid tabs , Walter , don 't bother . I threw ' em out . no , son , this is not a job for the purple blotter . The right tool for this job ... is tinker toys . Okay . All he has to do is call in , and we can trace it . I 've been wanting to ask you something . Why this one ? Why is this case so important to you ? Four years ago , when this case happened , it was at a moment in time that fringe division had fallen out of favor . The government was siphoning money away from us for things that had more ... public results . But at a certain point , I stopped caring about my profile or promotions . I just wanted to make the world a safer place . Anyway ... I became obsessed with this case . And for my wife ... it was the straw that broke the camel 's back . It ended our marriage . I took this job to make the world a safer place for my family . Instead , I lost them . That 's it . Physical representation of the formula . Something wrong ? Could you hold that end , please , Peter ? Oh , no . That 's him . Call dr . Bishop . This is agent Broyles . I saw you in the hospital . I thought you might have . In your message , you said you had new information about the formula . That 's right . Have you solved it this time ? Peter , we 've got timur on the line . I need Walter . He 's right here . Hold on a sec . It 's Olivia . Hello , agent Dunham . Walter , have you solved the formula ? It is bad news , unfortunately . I know , like last time , you are tapping the line . You need 60 seconds . I 'm giving you ten before I hang up . Don 't make the same mistake again . I believe the Russians have tried to remove the organism from the cosmonaut- - they couldn 't . It is not possible . The two have become one . Bonded at a molecular level . They can 't be separated . You can 't kill the organism without killing them both . Agent . I 'm going to hang up now . We have the answer , timur . But I don 't think it 's the one you want to hear . I 'm afraid your brother and whatever 's inside of him have become one and the same . But the people I work with , if anyone can help your brother , they can . But we 'll need to see your brother . Timur ? Timur ? I don 't want him harmed . Just ten more seconds . Tell me where you are , timur . I have managed to keep it at bay . He 's not going to hurt anyone else . For now . We 'll take care of him . I want this to end as much as you do . But you 've got to tell me where you are , timur . You can trust us . Timur ? I 've got him . His line 's still open . Start triangulating the position . Van door 's open . He 's moving his brother . Hold on , you need the vest if you 're going to touch the body . Pupils dilated . His breathing 's normal . For a coma . What 's with all these jumper cables ? Agent Broyles said that timur was certain he could contain it . Perhaps so by administering electric shocks , distressing the cosmonaut . But it didn 't work . Hmm ? It killed timur . Dr. Bishop , how will you contain it before it kills again ? I imagine we would need a lead case for starters , big enough for his entire body . Oh , no . ( Olivia ) what 's wrong ? Before we attempt anything , we have to wait until the shadow returns to the cosmonaut . There 's no radiation . Which means the organism is here , but it 's already projected the shadow elsewhere . Walter , you said that timur could contain it by distressing the host . Do you think you could draw the shadow back doing the same thing ? Walter ? Is that possible ? I don 't know . I don 't know how it behaves . But it could work . Since they 're connected . I don 't know ! Theoretically , yes . If you hurt the host , you hurt the organism . Walter , it 's out there now . Do you think you could try ? Yes . Yes . Yes . get rid of him . I may have a different color , but I 'm still alive- - Walter ? This equipment , it 's in Russian . stand back ! tara ! Hey , what 's wrong ? What happened ? Hey . There was a man . A shadow man . He disappeared . phillip . Hi . The kids aren 't here . They--they went over to sadie 's . Actually , I came to talk to you . I just wanted to tell you that ... hey , phil . Hey , rob . I closed that case . The one four years ago . Hmm . I 'm happy for you . I mean that . Thank you . Do you want to come in ? Have some dinner with us ? No . I , um- - I 'll let you get back to your dinner . Good night , diane . Good night , phillip . Agent Broyles . You got a real friend in senator Van Horn . Is that so ? When the CIA says , " cease and desist , " we kind of mean it . A person could get into a lot of trouble . I guess I should thank senator Van Horn then . Understatement . So , this thing , there isn 't going to be any report . Right ? Hey . What did you guys do with him , the cosmonaut ? We had no choice . Once he started breathing again . not some lazy ass
