 On october 6 , the planet blacked out For two minutes and seventeen seconds The whole world saw the future - Tell me . - It 's a girl . You disappeared to Los Angeles ? You don 't return my calls . I 'm worried about you . We all are . I know when a man is willing to sacrifice anything for his cause And you 're not that kind of man , agent Benford . I need a favor . A big favor . It 's for Tracy . Hi , dad . What I saw , what you saw , Doesn 't have to play out that way . Al , what are you talking about ? I find a way to change the game . Dear Celia , I don 't know your last name And I don 't know where you live . But I know you have two young boys . Twins , I believe . And I know you didn 't have a flashforward . The future can be changed SANCTUARY Welcome back Janis They all saw FBI agent Al Gough Alive and well on April . 29th . What this guy apparently was trying to show us here is We can 't take what we saw for granted . Okay , the bottom line is , this is a new world . This is a new day . And I just think we need to take a moment And let that sink in . What we need to have answered right now is the question , is there going to be another world blackout . People are terrified . Let 's get back to the big question . What big question ? Do we have free will ? That 's the big question ? Possibly the central question of human existence for millennia . If this is supposed to be your resignation ... You can forget it . You 're not even gonna let me explain myself ? You were attacked . You were shot . You returned to duty to find out a coworker jumped off the building . Am I in the right ballpark here ? My life 's not making a whole lot of sense right now , And I think I need a little time off to figure it out . Totally understandable . But , uh , I need you here . I know we 've been shorthanded since the blackout . But ever since Gough ... Since Al- - - This isn 't about al . - Yes , it is . When I found out about what he did And why he did it , It just really made me think about my own future . I don 't know what I 'm supposed to do . Do I lean into what I saw ? Do I fight it ? What if my getting shot was ... I don 't even know- - So--some sort of a sign that this baby 's not meant to be ? You 're gonna let a bullet decide Whether or not you bring a baby into this world ? If Al 's death proved anything , It 's that our choices still matter , Now more than ever . Well , I believe without reservation or recrimination That your card is the ace of spades . Well , that certainly answers that question . I 've been wondering how a Nobel finalist And recipient of the Macarthur Prize spends his idle moments . This isn 't the time or the place , Simon . You dropped off the radar , Lloyd . Without so much as a phone call . I 've had to check myself into the hospital To have my bruised ego X-rayed . Hello , Dylan . Remember me ? Why , this is not my pancake ! We 're not having this discussion in front of my son . Yeah , well , I 'm done having you dictate when and where we talk . Myhill forwarded me the e-mail you sent him . Or should I call it a suicide note ? It 's the only logical move . If you 're hell-bent on self-destruction , Then , yes , suppose it is . But I still have doubts as to the cause of the blackout . Our experiment killed 20 million people , Simon . 20 million . The world has been upended . People need answers . We have to go public and tell the world That we caused the blackout . All right . I guess we have to leave this room sometime . No , no , no , no , no , no . I have a reservation with the hotel that says different . Plus you haven 't opened your gift yet . Mm , what 's this ? Just a little something to celebrate . And what are we celebrating ? Second chances , I guess ... And the fact that we can change the things we saw . I never thought we couldn 't , Mark . - That 's the office . I told ' em not to call unless it was an emergency . I promise . Hey , it 's me . This better be good , Dem . Yeah , I 'm sorry , man . Um , something came up . - Did you bring your laptop ? - Yeah . I 'm sending you some video We got from Barstow P.D. This morning . Remember when you had Marcie plug all the clues Off the mosaic board into NCIC ? You 've got something ? Yeah . Barstow P.D. caught a homicide . Eyewitness managed to record it on her cell phone . When it hit the system , NCIC kicked back a red flag . - Why ? - Stay tuned , man . I 'm headed back right now . Flashforward What do we have ? Anything that might help us I.D. - Our tattooed friend ? - Not really . The victim , Neil Parofsky , is an aeronautics engineer Who works out of a plant in El segundo . Watch and wallet were missing , so everybody 's thinking robbery . Is that confirmed by whoever shot the cell phone video ? Uh , Ingrid Alvarez . Yeah , she saw Parofsky hand something over before he got shot so she thought it was a mugging , too . Great . First day back ? I should have gotten you flowers . They 're for your wife ... For stitching me back together . And these are for you Hard copy stills taken from that cell phone . Video forensics enhanced the images as best they could . So now we just gotta figure out Why someone would want to hit an engineer from El segundo . Have Vreede get into Parofsky 's life- - Friends , family , bank accounts , whatever . All right . What are we gonna do ? What was the name of that eyewitness ? Uh . Ingrid Alvarez . We 'll be talking to her . If the guy in her video is one of the men I saw in my vision , This is our best lead so far- - our only lead . I 'm putting him away now . Find out who sent him And make sure he never shows up here on April 29th . Al sacrificed himself to prove we could change the future ... So let 's change it . Hey , honey . - Everything okay ? - Hey . You 're , uh , you 're back early . Yeah . Uh , Mark had a w--a work thing . So what 's going on here ? Oh , the usual . You haven 't been gone that long . It 's all right . It 's all right . It 's all right . It 's all right . It 's all right . It 's all right . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . Tracy I 'm sorry . Tracy ! Trace . Trace . It 's pathetic waking up every damn morning like this . Maybe if you 'd just talk about it ... I told you . I don 't want to talk about it . Well , I 'm not giving you a choice anymore . I 've been grieving for you For two years , Trace . Hell , I even had your grave exhumed two months ago Because I was convinced that you were , you were alive . If you want to keep hiding out here If you want me to pretend to the world , your mom included , That you 're still dead , You have to tell me what happened . After what I saw in my flash-forward , I 'd believe anything at this point . Listen to me , Trace . Four months from now , I 'm gonna be sitting by your side in Afghanistan . You saw it , and I saw it . Isn 't that why you came home ? Obviously at some point , I 'm gonna get involved , whatever it is . So let 's just cut to the chase and get started . How about the Simcoe boy ? - He was supposed to be discharged while I was gone . - Not yet . He was complaining of calf pain , So we removed the cast , did a doppler , - And the kid 's got a D.V.T. - You 're kidding me . Man , I 'm going to be a grandmother - Before this boy goes home . - I don 't get it . Why are you so anxious to get rid of him ? Is it his dad Mr. Simcoe ? What makes you say that ? Just that you guys have a weird relationship . I mean , every time he comes around , you get crazy tense , - And - Dr. Benford ? Uh , actually , Dr. Varney just told me about Dylan 's status . Uh , what exactly are the ramifications would it be safe to leave the boy 's bedside for a while ? I see here that you have him on heparin . Now the risk of complications at that dose Is relatively minimal . Is that correct ? I 'm sorry . And you are ? - A good question . - I 'm a friend of the family . Frankly , I was hoping To pry Lloyd away from the hospital for a while Steak dinner , some fraternal martinis . Do you think you could see fit to sanction that ? I mean , the boy is essentially ready to be discharged , If I 've read his chart correctly . May I ? Uh , yeah . Barring any complications , I see no reason why Dylan couldn 't go home - In the next couple of days . - Well , it 's settled then . Lloyd , you 've been absolved of any guilt , Parental or otherwise . Lovely . Thank you very much for your help . Of course . Dr. Varley . Nice legs . Are you sleeping with that woman ? That is none of your concern , Simon . Everything you do is my concern now , Since you pressed " send " on that idiotic e-mail of yours Which brings me to the purpose of my visit . I 'm going public with or without Myhill 's cooperation or yours . Good luck getting anyone to believe you without it . - Good luck stopping me . - Well , it appears we 're at an impasse . There are two ways to settle this . The first is , oh , so tawdry and public . I make a general annoyance out of myself , - Kick over as many anthills as possible - Enough , Simon . Or we settle this in a more ... Civilized manner . Define " civilized . " Do you remember how we settled whose name would go first On the application for the Sloan fellowship ? Texas hold 'em , no holds barred . You win , we go public , hang ourselves out to dry . I win , you keep your mouth shut and your guilt in check , And we buy ourselves some more time . You want to wager the fate Of millions of people on the outcome of a poker game ? The gods did it all the time . Dice , chess , Whatever took their fancy . They loved tinkering with the lives of - Those mere mortals . - We 're not gods , Simon . 20 million deaths on our shoulders . Isn 't that what you said ? If that doesn 't qualify us for godhood , tell me what does . Let the games begin . Hey , what 's Barstow P.D. Doing here ? Let 's hope 3-star guy didn 't get to our witness . Do you think she drives a gold sedan ? Maybe not anymore . Special agent Benford , FBI . Detective Rick Malchiodi , Barstow P.D. We think your victim might be an eyewitness in a homicide . - That 's a hell of a coincidence . - How 's that ? Her roommate said she witnessed a homicide , too . Her roommate ? Yeah . Uh , Alvarez ... Ingrid Alvarez . Came home from work , found her roommate there Double-tapped to the side of her head . So looks like they got the wrong roommate , huh ? I believe it 's to you . How much do you want to give me this round ? $ 2,500 . I hope you don 't drag this game out as long as the last one . When you lose , you 'll be able to console yourself That I 've prevented you from confessing to a mass murder . Manchester figure of speech . $ 2,500 . I 'll call . I don 't understand . You 're saying they killed blanca , But they were trying to kill me ? That 's what it looks like to us , yes . And it 's because of what happened in the alley ? Now , ingrid , what exactly did happen in the alley ? We have the video , but it would really help us To get your account . I was working late , me and one of my clerks . Can 't say I see you as a blonde , Ms. Alvarez . And I can 't see you as a rock star , But that 's what you say your vision was . I was locking up for the night . You want me to walk you to your car ? - I mean , it 's kind of late . - I 'll be fine . I went to my car , but there were men in the alley- - Three of them . They were fighting , arguing , But I couldn 't hear what about . I said , where is he ? Where is he ? But when it got physical , I hid . I called 9-1-1 , but they put me on hold . I still can 't believe I stayed calm enough To think to use my phone . No ! please don 't ! My hand was shaking so much . Now you told the police The victim gave the other men something Right before they shot him ? They were arguing about a case or something . But I didn 't see what it was . What about the faces of the other men ? Do you think you could describe them ? I didn 't get a very good look , But I think one of them maybe had gray hair . The other one was bald , and he was big , muscular . It was very dark . We 're gonna sit you down with a sketch artist , all right ? Whatever you can give us . And if there 's anything else you can remember , It could be a big help , okay ? As they were walking away , They were talking about something . Uh , it sounded like " Q.E.D. " Thank you . Y 'all ever read about that inevitability index thing That 's been in all the papers ? $ 5,000 . It 's a scam- - Some entrepreneurial huckster 's attempt to sell us on the idea That the odds of the future happening can be " calculated . " - It 's all rubbish . - Fate is fate . We 're not responsible , Lloyd . - What about free will ? - No such thing . Oh , since when did you become such a hard determinist ? Simple quantum suicide theory . I will win this hand and every subsequent hand We play ad infinitum . Q.E.D. Don 't you get tired of hearing yourself pontificate ? Don 't you get tired of being a self-righteous prig ? We 're scientists , Lloyd , not attention-seeking Reality show contestants looking For their 15 minutes of fame on a talk show . - You always do this. - What 's that ? Use intellectual argument to defend your behavior . What ? Okay , so you sleep with Cabrini 's wife , And you call it electromagnetism . You fire your assistant and blame it on Darwin . Shut up , Lloyd . And now you 've upended the entire world , And you hide behind determinist rhetoric . You 're not the only one who 's lost someone , lloyd . Oh , who , simon ? Who have you ever cared about ? I 'll call . You see , I knew you were bluffing this entire time . You know why ? Because there 's no such thing as luck or fate Or " there but for the grace of god . " This game is pointless . I 've already won . The future 's already happened . Fighting it is futile . Hey , nicole . Nicole ? Hey . You okay ? Sorry . Mind wandered . I 'm guessing Mark told you what I saw . He did , yeah , But only ' cause he 's worried about you . We both are . You don 't have to be . I 'm gonna be fine . The future can change . It 's all over the news . Hey , crazy-huge floral delivery for the quintuplets . Can you give me a hand ? Go , go , go . Don 't worry , Olivia . You know , we can change what we saw , Just like we could before the blackout . Everything 's back to being up to us again . Dad . My Humvee got attacked . Yeah . Your friend Mike told me that . But that was two years ago , Tracy . Why didn 't you go back to your base ? I couldn 't . The attack- - We were fired on by supposed friendlies . Marines ? Jericho P.M.C.- - private military contractors . Yeah , I 've heard about them , but that doesn 't explain why . Jericho works for the military , Which means that I can 't trust the military . Whoa , hold on a second . W-why would you say you can 't trust the military ? About two weeks before my Humvee was attacked , I was working long-range recon On this village in the foothills near Kunar . I was alone . Orders were to stay covert so the locals wouldn 't see me . But there must have been someone else out there . Jericho . And I watched them ... I watched as they wiped out a village . They killed women , And they butchered children . They slaughtered them . Why ? Why would they want to do that ? I don 't know , but I told my superior officer , And about a week later , Mike and I pulled duty At a forward roadblock near the kalikata mountains . Out of nowhere , a Haji truck breached our roadblock . We took off after them . Damn ! Embrace the suck , stark . Who the hell are these guys ? Those aren 't Hajis . Burro , burro ! We 're gonna get whacked ! Get out ! I don 't know how I survived . I thought I was the only one . What 's been going on ? You sounded a little freaked when you called . - Did you slip or something ? - No , no , no , no . Just , uh , I , uh ... Look , I didn 't believe it myself . I took this picture at my house . Oh ... My ... God . It 's Tracy . - How ? - How ? Tracy would kill me if she knew I was talking to you , But she was- - She was in a Humvee with three other soldiers . It got blown to hell , a bloody mess- - Body parts everywhere , including her leg . - The D.N.A ... - Right . It got basically thrown into the mix . Then where has she- - Wh-what has she been doing for the past two years ? This is what I need to talk to you about . Basically , she 's been on the run . She saw something she shouldn 't have And got in trouble with Jericho . - They 're this- - - yeah , military contractors . Yeah . They were the ones who attacked her . I-I know this sounds like something Out of a Baldacci novel or something , But ... Tracy was dead , And now she 's alive . So I , uh , I really need your help , Mark , Cause Tracy is scared to death of these Jericho guys , And I 'm afraid they 're gonna try to find her . You all right ? Yeah . I saw something today , and it got me thinking That if this person 's future could come true- - And it did , Even though it seemed impossible- - Then maybe these visions Are more set in stone than we thought . Or maybe we have to work that much harder . You 're right . You 're right . Hey , did you open my gift ? Oh . They 're lovely . You didn 't put ' em on ? I figured you 'd just take ' em right off again . Right . We can change things , Mark . We just have to decide how badly we want to , How far we 're willing to go to make it happen . But I say there 's nothing , Nothing that we shouldn 't be willing to do for one another . So what are you suggesting ? Set a trap for our suspects , Draw ' em out . I know a lot 's changed lately , But we still don 't use civilians as bait . Ingrid knows the risks . Then work the case . Work- - work the--the - Parofsky angle . - We 've been doing that . Parofsky was chief engineer at micro-circadian electronics . He was recently let go On suspicion of corporate espionage . What if Parofsky is selling his work to the highest bidder ? Ingrid did say that they took a package from him Right before they shot him . So whatever was in there was valuable enough to kill for . Look , Stan , it 's a real lead . Ingrid 's gonna be protected on this , I promise . What makes you so sure they 'd try to hit her tonight ? They already tried to kill Ingrid once . If we get the word out that we 're releasing her from custody , they might try again . Why do you say that ? We went to Utah . D. Gibbons knew we were coming . You unearthed the Somalia photos . Five minutes later we 're getting shot at . Whoever we 're investigating Knows what we 're doing before we do it . You think we 've got a mole . We ... Have a mole . Two men with assault rifles are gonna get into this building Five months from now , and someone 's gonna let ' em in . We catch these guys tonight , We can finally put a face on our enemy . Careful , it 's hot . Guess there 's no chance of getting any Bourbon in there . Probably not a good one , no . When did you start drinkin ' Whiskey , anyway ? I told Mark Benford . You what ? - He can help . - Are you insane ? You don 't know these people , dad . I gotta get out of here . Whoa , whoa , whoa . Hold on a second . I came to this house specifically because I thought That I 'd be safe , but I see now that that was a big mistake . Mark 's a fed , Trace . I mean , he 's--he 's practically family . The second that Jericho knows that I 'm still alive , They 'll find me , and they 'll kill me . That 's not true . Don 't you remember your flash-forward ? The fact that you even had one Proves that you 're gonna be alive . I was with you . I-I gave you my pocket knife . You were on a cot , fell asleep . We were in some kind of bunker or cave surrounded by guards , And there was graffiti all over the walls . There was a man out there . I think somebody was calling my name . Then I stepped outside . He was very concerned about you . He said something strange ... The account has been verified . Then I gave him an envelope , But I don 't know what was in it . " the accounts have been verified . " Does that mean something to you ? No . But this guy , what did- - what did he look like ? Tall , dark . Scar . Khamir . Khamir Dejan . He was a field medic with the I.M.C. He--he took care of me . He ... He got me back together . That 's why I left . I was so afraid that Jericho would kill Khamir to get to me . That 's not gonna happen . Five months from now he 's alive . I saw him . All three of us were there , Trace . How can you be so sure that everything we saw Will still come true ? Enough of mine has come true already That I 'm a believer . You came back to me , Trace . Didn 't you ? I don 't know what could drag us both back to Afghanistan , But I have to trust what I saw . Everything looks good out here . Roger that . All units , stay on tact-2 . These guys are pros- - Former military , based on that video we saw . Ingrid , you have a lot of amazing birds . My babies--the only real family I 've ever had . Each one of them is special to me . It 's hard to believe I ever thought of giving them up . What do you mean ? My flash-forward . In my vision , I wasn 't working at the store anymore . I had blonde hair , and I was living in New York . So the next day , I put it up for sale . Well , since we 're standing here , I 'm guessing you didn 't have a lot of buyers . It was all for the best . I don 't know what I was thinking- - Planning on changing my life for a future That might not even come true . We keeping you awake , cupcake ? I 'm sorry , man . I was up late with Zoey last night . I told her what happens to me- - What 's gonna happen to me- - supposed to happen to me . She wants me to quit , Get out of the line of fire , I guess . Are you ... thinking about it ? I wasn 't . I mean , who knows ? I quit , I get hit by a bus , right ? That 's my luck . Whatever , right ? What am I supposed to do , Become a barista until my date with death ? That 's one way to go . When this is over , whether it 's tonight or later , I 'd like for you to have one of my cockatiels . Oh , no , no . A thank you gift . Don 't make me insist . Ingrid , if you truly love your birds , You 're not gonna want to give one to me , but thank you . That 's very sweet . - What was that ? - Stay here . Sabre-2 , this is sabre-1 . Sabre-2 , go . Think I may have some movement here . You want us to move in on your position ? Could be nothing . Let me check it out first . Sabre-2 , we have a breach . Sabre2All units , surround the perimeter ! Nobody gets out ! Mark , I got Ingrid covered in the back . - Freeze ! - Mark ! You saw him turning on me . He was makin ' a move . It was dark . I didn 't get a good look . But I do know we can 't interrogate a dead man . - What does this all mean ? - I 'm sorry , But one of the men you saw is still out there , And he 's not gonna stop until he finds you . We need to put you in witness protection . That 's okay . I think that 's my future . I should have trusted my gut all along . Judging from your dwindling amount of chips , The pain is almost over . What are you thinking over there , mate ? Maybe you got a pair of 8s , working a full boat . How much do you have left ? Just under 15 . $ 5,000 . Thank you . Why don 't we make this hand winner take all ? If you win , we go public . But of course I 'll win , and you 'll keep your mouth shut . Fine . As a physicist , Lloyd , You really are a genius . But you were never very good at concealing your tells . Ouch . Four of a kind for Mr. Campos . Straight flush . Pot and game to Mr. Simcoe . Congratulations . Keep the chips . Call it a tip . I got what I came for . How did you beat me ? Did I tell you Dylan really loves magic ? Sleight of hand 's his favorite . There are some things even I won 't leave to chance . That being said , I 'll let you have the first pass at drafting the announcement , all right ? Thanks for backing my play there . I just want to make sure I know which play it was . Is this about taking tattoo man off the streets Or putting him under it ? What the hell are you talking about ? Look , I know you said if we get this guy , We might be able to change our futures . But ? Look , I just want to make sure the plan here isn 't to kill him . So he can 't kill me or come after you in your office . Whatever gave you that idea ? Because I had it . The second you suggested tattoo man might be the guy Who 's supposed to kill me , I thought , I 'm gonna kill him first . But now you think I actually did ... That I went that far . I would 've . Sperm donation What are you doing here so late ? Trusting my gut . Your e-mail said you had something for me . Yeah , I do . N.S.A. finally sent back a new rendering of that Suspect Zero photo . Hmm . Looks like the old one . It is . This ... is the new one . What 's that on his hand ? It looks like a ring . Mm-hmm . Can the image be enhanced any further ? N.S.A. is working on it right now , But it took them this long to get this far . Tell them to put their foot on the gas . If we can tie this jewelry to the guy wearing it , We 'll have our first workable lead . Good job . Wow . You look like you had a perfectly ordinary day . Worse than ordinary ? Mark ? I killed a man tonight . What happened ? I had a shot at changing my future ... Changing our future ... And I took it . Oh , Mark . Come here . Come here . Maybe April 29th 's just gonna be another day at the office now . What does that mean ? I , uh ... I told you in my flash-forward I was in danger , right ? A man was trying to kill me . But tonight ... I got to him first . I changed the future , Livy . We have a second chance . We have a second chance . You have them ? There were supposed to be seven . After the first atom bomb test , You know what a colleague of Oppenheimer 's said ? " What a foul and awesome display . " He then added , " now we are all sons of bitches . " Flashforward S01E08
