 The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 : These shots are free . Give them to anyone who wants them . But be careful to explain the risks . I couldn 't save her . - There are no guarantees . - There never are . - Cassie Dunleavy . - Maybe I 'll see you around . Do you ever go visit your cousin Shawn ? Is he getting any better ? Maybe someone should try injecting him with a big old dose of promicin . It would be like giving him a jump-start . Ever since the 4400 came back , it 's been one sacrifice after another . It has to stop . - It worked , right ? I 'm not dead . - Not this time , no . Next time you might not be so fortunate . They told you to kill me . You didn 't do it . Do you think maybe that 's why your girlfriend 's gone ? I know you 've been looking for Alana Mareva for three months . You must have considered the possibility that she was abducted again . I 'm sorry . I didn 't see you there . Excuse me . How did you get in here ? I don 't understand- - Okay , this is too weird . I 'm getting off . Excuse me . I need to get out of here . I need to get out of here . No , please . No , please . No , no . No , I can 't handle tight spaces ! I can 't breathe ! I 've gotta get out of here . Get me out of here , please . I can 't breathe ! Help me ! I can 't breathe ! I can 't breathe ! I can 't breathe ! Help me , please . I can 't , I can 't- - Please , leave me alone ! He 's gonna kill me ! No ! Leave me alone ! Stop ! Please ! Leave me alone ! - Can 't believe this guy . - Check his arms . See if he 's got a Medical Alert bracelet . - Hey . - Hello , Tom . When I heard about your sister , I figured you might be showing up . Yeah . - Ben and Maia with you ? - No . They 're in Spain , which is where I 'll be as soon as I figure out what happened to April . You working any leads ? No one 's seen or spoken to her in months . I don 't even know if she 's alive or dead . Just because she got a promicin shot doesn 't mean she took it . No , this is April we 're talking about . If she got the shot , she took it . Yeah , look , if there 's anything I can do , anything you need , you just say the word . Actually , I was hoping you could tell me a little bit about your new boss . Meghan Doyle ? She 's young . Inexperienced . Think-tank smart . Spends a lot of time in the theory room . - Why ? - I was thinking about asking for temporary reinstatement . Just hoping access to NTAC 's resources will speed up my search . I 'm not sure she 'll go for the temporary assignment thing . Then I 'll have to tell her I 'm back for good . So you 're gonna lie ? This is my sister . I 'll do whatever it takes . I 'm so sorry for dumping all this on you . I know that you 've got other things on your mind . Is there news on Alana ? I have to admit that the resemblance is striking . And there 's nothing about her in any of these art books ? All I know is that from June to September , 1 885 , Claude Pierrot painted six portraits of a woman named Alana . Who she was , what happened to her afterwards is all a blank , but that ? That 's her , Diana . That 's Alana . You think they sent her back into the past as some kind of punishment for you not killing Isabelle ? I think the future gave her to me and the future took her away . I guess there 's no way of ever finding out . Maybe there is . I know how to contact the future . I 've done it before . Oh , no , please . Tell me you 're not thinking of doing anything stupid . Oh , Tom . I will always be grateful for you for getting Maia back , but you attempted suicide . The reason they saved you last time is because they needed you . - Now , that 's not the case this time . - It 's been three months . - I don 't know what else to do . - Wherever Alana is , whatever happened to her , she does not want you dead . Yeah , Baldwin . Don 't let them take me ! Please ! They 're gonna kill me ! What you 're looking at is a highly-elevated fear response . In Mr. Kopelow 's case , it 's a fear of clowns . But to have that kind of reaction , doesn 't there need to be , you know , actual clowns ? Well , that 's what makes these cases so unusual . There is no external stimuli present . How many cases are we talking about ? Eight in the last two hours , which is why I called you . See , we all have things that we 're afraid of . Insects , heights . But we learn how to cope with them . In these people , those coping mechanisms are turned off . They 've seen their worst fears come to life . And you think a 4400 ability is behind this ? Someone or something is turning their pre-existing fears into unmanageable phobias . - Excuse me . - Wow , eight cases in two hours . I 'd say someone 's been busy . For all we know , they 're just getting started . - My employees drove people crazy ? - All we know is that five of our victims had receipts from your branch 's ATM . According to the transaction slips , they all used the machine some time between 7 : 1 2 and 7 : 28 this morning . The bank isn 't even open then . That means no one on my staff was responsible , right ? We 're still gonna need everyone to submit to a promicin test to be sure . Tom , look at this . - Max Kopelow . - Yep . And look who 's behind him in line : Jacqui Glendon . - Our claustrophobia victim . - Yeah . Check this out . There 's no audio , but it looks like there 's commotion just outside of camera range right there . - What do you think ? - We 'll need a list of everyone - who used that ATM this morning . - I can get you that . Great . - Hey , sleeping beauty . - Hey . - How does it feel to be awake ? - It feels pretty good . - They 're kicking me out today . - You 're going home ? That 's fantastic . Make those media hounds outside very happy . I might disappoint them and sneak out the back . I don 't know . I cannot believe how much catching up I have to do . So much crazy stuff has happened the last three months . Change is painful . It comes with a cost . - You 're quoting Jordan Collier now ? - You say that like it 's a bad thing . I didn 't think he 'd go through with it , hand out all the promicin . He knew what would happen . He knew it would kill all of those people . Yeah , and I felt bad for those people . I 've seen promicin do some amazing things . I guess I should be thanking you , huh ? - For what ? - Come on , Kyle . I overheard the doctors talking . They said that there was some kind of spike in my promicin level and that 's what woke me up . And it was you and my mom in the room when it happened . And I kind of doubt that my mom could get her hands on a shot . It 's been three months , man . The doctors weren 't sure you were ever gonna wake up . Somebody had to try something . What about your dad ? He 's gonna figure out it was you . Probably . San Sebastian is one of the most beautiful cities in the world . - And that view of the bay at night . - It 's pretty spectacular . Which is why if I dropped everything and moved there with my daughter and boyfriend , I might find it a little hard to give up . Well , it wasn 't an easy decision . No , but knowing the separation was only temporary must 've made it easier . I 'm not really sure how long I 'll be staying . - It could be quite some time . - At least until you find your sister . Look , Diana , I know you 've been trying to track April on your own and that you 've hit a brick wall . But you flash an NTAC badge ? It 's amazing how fast those walls come down . It 's clear what you get out of this arrangement , but what 's my win ? Me . I 'm your win . Temporary or not , you could use another experienced agent here . That 's pretty much what your former partner Tom said . Smart guy . You should listen to him . Let me ask you a question . Have you ever seen La Dolce Vita ? Dubbed or subtitled ? Do I look like I watch dubbed movies ? Do I ? Welcome back , Agent Skouris . I 'm being reinstated because I like foreign films ? No , of course not , but it doesn 't hurt your cause . Transferring me ? Where ? It 's a brand-new facility for people who have developed abilities the government considers non-threatening . They 're kept on the inhibitor , but otherwise it 's less like a prison and more like a ... An internment camp ? There 's an exercise yard , a library that you can use , and of course you 'll be allowed to interact with the other inmates . Sounds nice . Nicer than this place , anyway . Then we 'll arrange for your transfer , but first we need you to sign this . It 's a consent form giving us permission to test your tolerance for promicin . You wanna see if I can get my abilities back ? We wanted to make absolutely sure that you can 't . The substance that your father injected you with negated your abilities , but before we can move you to another facility , we need to be positive that they 're never coming back . What if they do ? What then ? We 're prepared to deal with that contingency as well . This morning when you were in line at the ATM , - do you remember seeing this man ? - I wasn 't really paying any attention . I was on a business call . Does NTAC cover your life insurance ? Did you notice anything while you were there ? Anyone 's behavior strike you as odd ? There was this one guy . I think he was complaining about the line . - How long it was taking . - What did he say , exactly ? He was yapping about the bank being too cheap to spring for another ATM . He 's right about that , by the way . - What did he look like ? - Twentysomething . I think he was wearing kind of like a baseball cap , just a regular guy . When do you ever notice people at banks unless they 're robbing the place , right ? Hey , Tom ? We 've got a no-show . Thank you . Mr. Kennedy ? I 'm Agent Garrity , NTAC . Stop ! Okay , stairs . Take it slow . - I made up your old room for you . - Okay . Danny , why don 't you take your brother upstairs while I make some lunch ? There . - How does a tuna melt sound ? - It 's my favorite . All right . Come on , Troy . Talk to us . Why did you attack those people , huh ? You got a problem with Columbia Fidelity Bank , huh ? Or maybe you did it for a laugh . Think screwing with people 's heads is funny ? Is that it ? No , look . I admit I took promicin . I lost my job , I couldn 't pay off my credit cards , my girlfriend dumped me , l- - I was desperate . - I took the shot to make my life better . - Better ? Better ? Better how , huh ? By driving a bunch of people crazy ? They 're at Abendson Psychiatric Hospital writhing around in straitjackets . It wasn 't me . I swear . My ability is harmless . I play music . I pick up any instrument and I 'm like a virtuoso . Really ? Well , I 'll go home and get my clarinet . Guys , can you step out for a sec ? I just got off the phone with the Seattle P.D. There 's been another- - I don 't even know what to call them , phobia attack ? Yeah , pretty much says it . A 91 1 call came in 1 0 minutes ago from an apartment over on Lakemont . Manager has been screaming about how the place is covered in germs . - We 've had Kennedy in custody . - Then he 's not our guy . Which means whoever is doing this is still out there . Great . Great . When do you have to get the applications in ? I 've got another month or so . - That 's even if I apply . - What do you mean if ? I thought that you were gonna be the next Clarence Darrow . Yeah , I thought so too , but now , with everything that 's going on , the world 's a different place , and law school just seems so meaningless . Just because the world 's changed doesn 't mean that you have to . Maybe I want to . It 's like the world 's made up of two different classes now . You 've got people with abilities , who are capable of amazing things . People like you . Then you got the regular schmucks who just have to deal with the fact they 're a little less special than they could be . You know , I 've been thinking about it a lot , and I wanna take the promicin shot . Those shots are killing people . I know all about the risks . I think they 're worth it . They 're not worth it . Not when you have as much to live for as you do . Think about the odds , okay ? There 's a fifty-fifty chance that you would be committing suicide . What are you really afraid of , Shawn ? Me dying , or me getting an ability ? That would put us on equal footing . We can 't have that . - This is not about you and me . - No , it 's always about you and me . I thought you 'd be excited about this . I thought you 'd be supportive , but I guess I was wrong . Danny , please listen- - No , I 'm glad that you 're back . I am . But I 'm not asking for your permission . I mean , the stuff is out there , and I 'll get it with or without your help . I have to clean . I haven 't finished . I haven 't finished . I 've gotta clean . The germs are everywhere . - Just stop . Don 't touch me . - What happened to his hands ? Paramedics found him scrubbing them with a Brillo pad . Well , I just checked his apartment . According to his records , this guy Haugen banks at Washington Prime , not Columbia Fidelity . This is a separate incident from the one at the bank . Or maybe he knows the victim in some other way . Let 's canvass the building , talk to the tenants . See if we can find a link . Can I help you ? So is this about Ray ? I saw him being loaded into an ambulance . Did you see him before that ? Maybe earlier this morning ? No , but my husband did . Our bathroom faucet 's been leaking for a week and Ray still hasn 't gotten around to fixing it . What time do you expect your husband home ? Why ? It 's not like they had a fight or anything . You know , when I was a kid , I used to play with trains too . Just like- - Don 't worry . It 's not your fault . Brandon 's autistic . - He likes things in a certain way . - Back ! Back ! Look , we 're gonna put it right there . There you go . See ? It 's all back . It 's okay , baby . Here . Okay ? It 's okay , sweetheart . Come on . Come on , it 's okay . - It 's okay . It 's okay . - Excuse me . - Is this your husband ? - Yeah , that 's Ryan . Why ? Isn 't he one of the guys from the ATM line ? I think we found our link . So you want me to talk to Danny ? You might be able to talk some sense into him . Convince him that he 'd be , you know , crazy to take that shot . I can 't do that , Shawn . If Danny wants to take promicin , I say give it to him . Kyle , this isn 't just some guy on the street with nothing to lose . This is my little brother . That shot could kill him . It didn 't kill me . You took promicin ? - Kyle , you took promicin ? - Three months ago . My hand was shaking so bad I could barely hold the syringe , but I survived . I didn 't get an ability , but I survived . Since when do you care about getting an ability so much ? It 's not just about getting an ability , Shawn . It 's about making a difference . What Collier 's trying to do ? Change this world ? Man , that 's important . I wanted to be a part of that , and I bet Danny feels the same way . No , Kyle , I don 't think that Danny cares about Jordan . Or changing the world . He 's trying to prove something to himself or to me . It 's a jealousy thing . That may be true , but the reason doesn 't matter , okay ? If Danny wants the shot , I don 't think you or anyone else has the right to stop him . I 'm sorry , Tom , but Ryan Powell tested negative for promicin . I had no choice but to release him . Same with the ATM customers and the bank employees . - They all came back clean . - That can 't be right . Powell is our only link between the bank victims and Ray Haugen . - That 's just a coincidence ? - I don 't know . But Ryan Powell didn 't take promicin , he doesn 't have an ability and he 's not the guy we 're looking for . Did you lose a filling or something ? - My tooth . It just fell out . - Jed , there 's nothing in your hand . Hey . Hey . Hey . Calm down . Calm down . Jed . Hey , just calm down . Get somebody in here . This is Meghan Doyle . I need a medical team up here right away . Look at me . Look at me . I 'm coming apart ! - I 'm gonna die ! - It 's okay . Get somebody in here ! Aren 't you gonna say hello ? Are you headed somewhere in particular , or are you just combing the city hoping to find me ? Where have you been , huh ? That art school you said you were going to , I went there . - They never even heard of you . - Does it matter where I go to school ? The important thing is Shawn 's okay . He is , isn 't he ? How 'd you know the promicin would wake him up ? - Who are you ? - Come on . I think you know that . What 's that supposed to mean ? What 's that supposed to mean ? You said you wanted answers . I 'll take you to them . Are you coming or not ? - He looks fine to me . - Trust me . He 's not . Well , I don 't understand . You 've been together all day . Well , pretty much . The bank , the public building , we had contact with all the same people . I mean , that 's a bit odd , isn 't it ? That he would be affected and not you ? It was that kid . It was that kid , Diana . It has to be . When we were at Ryan Powell 's apartment , I was interviewing the wife . Garrity tried talking to the son . He 's autistic . He started screaming and rocking back and forth . That 's when it happened . It has to be . Come on . Come on . Come on , please . Just- - Let 's get out of here . Just throw some stuff together and let 's go . What do you say ? Do you wanna go on a road trip ? We 're not going anywhere . Just tell me why NTAC 's after you . It 's not me they 're after . - It 's Brandon . - Why ? Brandon hasn 't done anything wrong . - Has he ? - I swear I was only trying to help him . Jess- - Jess , I did something . - I couldn 't tell you . I 'm sorry . - You did something ? Oh , you gave him one of those shots . You gave him one of those shots ? You bastard ! What did you do to my son ? What did he give you ? You 're too late . - They 're gone . - Where are they , Mr. Powell ? I don 't know where Jess is taking him . She didn 't tell . We need to find your son before he hurts anyone else . Where are they ? You know what it 's like to have a son who won 't hug you , or smile at you ? Won 't even look you in the eye ? Clear . Is that why you gave him promicin ? I thought if Brandon got an ability it would make him better . At least help him to communicate . I don 't know even what my own son is thinking or feeling , you know ? That 's no way for a kid to live . All he does is play with that goddamn train . Mr. Powell , we 're gonna need you to think . Where would your wife have taken Brandon ? Look , I didn 't mean for any of this to happen . Please . Please . None of this is his fault . He doesn 't know . He has no idea what he 's doing . If anybody 's to blame , it 's me . So your wife , she didn 't know you injected him ? Are you kidding me ? Fifty-fifty ? She 'd never agree to that . But you were willing to take the risk . I see other parents with their own kids , and the warmth and the joking around . I wanted some of that . I wasn 't trying to kill Brandon . She has to believe that . I just , I just- - I just wanted him to have a chance at a normal life . Thank you for your cooperation , Miss Tyler . We 'll be in contact shortly . - Get me a copy of the lab report . - Is that all ? We 're done ? Did I pass ? Hello ? Well , you wanted answers , Kyle . You 'll find them in there . - Are you coming with me ? - It 's better if I don 't . What do you know about White Light ? Not too much , actually . My great-grandfather founded the group back in 1 91 8 . Even at its height , the membership never exceeded a few dozen people . The whole thing only lasted a few years . They all died . Burned to death in a fire . What did these people believe ? They believed that a messiah would return from the dead and lead the world to salvation . Not the proudest branch on my family tree , but people are interested in this stuff , so I keep it around . This was their scripture , and this was the messiah they were waiting for . Yeah , that looks like Jordan Collier . You 're not the first person to mention a resemblance . I don 't know , maybe . Feel free to thumb through the book if you 'd like . A few of the chapters are too charred to read and one of them is written in a- - I don 't know . - -a code or something , but there 's enough for you to get the gist . That 's great . Thank you . Oh , Brandon . Please , not now , okay ? Are you hungry , honey ? Do you want a snack ? No ? Okay . How about your train ? You want your train ? I 've got your train right here , sweetie . Okay . Honey , here 's your train . Brandon , please calm down . Please , for Mommy ? Brandon , I 've got your train , sweetie . Come on . Come on . Do you see them ? Do you see them ? - Are they gone ? - Is what gone ? The snakes . They 're here somewhere . I know it . Don 't let them get me , please ! Mrs. Powell , just calm down . You 're gonna be okay . I promise . Did you see the direction your son was headed , Mrs. Powell ? No , I must have blacked out . When I opened my eyes , he was gone . You have to find him . You have to find him . He 's out there all alone . He must be scared . - Please ! - Okay , Mrs. Powell . If you were Brandon , if you were your son , where would you go ? Hey , Diana . Hey , kid . Shouldn 't you be at home ? Hey . Where are your parents , bud ? Do they know you 're out here ? Come on , buddy . Take it easy . Take it easy . So , what did you think ? Pretty interesting reading , huh ? That 's why you brought me here ? To read that book ? A messiah who rises from the dead , who passes out a sacred elixir that changes the world ? I know . That sounds like Jordan Collier . That healer who lays his hands upon the sick ? I 'm guessing that 's Shawn . Don 't forget about the shaman whose visions guide the messiah down the path to enlightenment . Wanna take a stab at who that is ? The shaman is you , Kyle . Me ? I know it might sound a little intimidating . Intimidating ? Try insane . I admit that book got a few things right about Jordan , about promicin , but the rest of it 's vague . There 's that whole chapter that 's in code . What about the part says , " The messiah will show the face of God " ? " And all will know his face , and he will smile down upon us and walk among us , and the Earth and heaven will be as one . " - Collier 's gonna make that happen ? - With your help . - It 's a prophecy , Kyle . - I don 't believe that . Look , you helped me wake up my cousin . For that I am grateful , but this is over . No , Kyle . It 's just beginning . This cult , White Light , it 's still around , isn 't it ? You 're one of them . You 're trying to use Jordan to start some kind of crazy religious revival . I 'm not gonna be a part of that . - You already are . - I don 't wanna hear any more . Just stay the hell away from me . - What changed your mind ? - Nothing changed my mind . I don 't agree with taking promicin . I think it 's a mistake . Fifty-fifty ? Those are lousy odds . But you were right about one thing : It 's your decision , and I don 't want you getting arrested trying to find the stuff yourself . They 're throwing people in jail , Danny . No trial . I don 't get it . You were with Collier from the beginning . He put this out there . I mean , if you don 't agree with it , where does that leave you and him ? I wish Jordan had buried that stuff somewhere . These abilities cause as many problems as they solve . Just do me a favor , okay , and just hold off for a while . Maybe if you read the paper the next few weeks , law school won 't seem so bad . Yeah , okay . I can do that . Please don 't look at me . I don 't like people looking at me . Okay . I 'm gonna call this in . Don 't worry , sir . We 're gonna get you help . Are there gonna be people there ? I don 't like people seeing me . At least Brandon 's giving us a trail to follow . I hate that we have to sedate him , but I don 't know how else to get him back to NTAC . I 'm starting to remember why I gave this job up in the first place . Diana , I wish there was another way , but his ability 's too much of a threat . If only Jordan Collier wasn 't the most wanted man in the world , he could take his ability away , couldn 't he ? We can 't cure him of his ability , but maybe there 's a way we can help him control it . It 's okay , Brandon . Everything 's gonna be okay . Can we just do this , please ? He 's been given the inhibitor . Hopefully he won 't be in any danger , but there 's some risk involved . So if you wanna back out , we 'd understand . It 's not that . I haven 't healed anyone in months , and autism is developmental . I haven 't had a lot of success with that in the past . But you will try . Yeah . Is that it ? Is that it ? Did it work ? Just- - Brandon ? Brandon , look at me . Da- - Da- - Da- - - Dad ? - That 's right . I 'm your dad . That- - That was incredible . I forgot how much I liked this . Look at you . I can give you a few minutes , Mr. Powell , but then I 'm afraid you 're gonna have to come with us . My son has been in a prison his entire life . I 'm happy to trade places with him . Your test results came back . Whatever you were given to take away your abilities , it induced a permanent allergy to promicin . If you were to take the shot , it would be fatal . You will never get your abilities back , Miss Tyler . Does that mean I 'm getting out of here ? The transfer should take place within two weeks . This how you spend your Saturdays ? Most nights too . I thought you might wanna hear some good news . Dr. Clayton says the people Brandon affected , they 're beginning to show signs of improvement . You think the inhibitor had something to do with it ? As soon as we muted his ability , their symptoms began to dissipate , which means Garrity should be back in rotation soon . Unless you 'd prefer to stick with Skouris . Look , nothing against Jed , but if Diana 's gonna be around , she 's my partner . Okay . So , what happens to Brandon now ? Well , as long as his mother brings him in for weekly injections of the inhibitor , he should be able to live a fairly normal life . More normal than he has up to now , anyway . That was an amazing thing your nephew did . Yeah , these abilities people get , they come in handy sometimes . It 's worth remembering . So is it really her ? Alana ? I keep trying to convince myself it 's not , but yeah , it 's her . All I can think about is " how do I get her back ? " Maybe all you can do is let her go . - I really need to take this . - Yeah . Dr. Sawyer ? The news isn 't good . - Your father 's had a relapse . - Pneumonia ? His breathing 's been severely compromised . Well , he 's beaten this before . I know , but I think it 's time we start preparing ourselves for the inevitable . I 'm sorry . - How did you get in here ? - It was easy . Where you go , I go . - So you 're stalking me now , is that it ? - Come on , Kyle . Think . I don 't go to the Art Institute . There 's no record of me anywhere . I show up wherever I want to . What does that tell you ? Hey , Kyle . - Are you up for some dinner ? - Hey . I don 't feel like eating alone tonight . Dad , I want you to meet Cassie . Okay . Who 's Cassie ? Is she someone you met at work ? You find yourself a girlfriend already ? That would be a little bit awkward . See , I 'm not what you 'd call " real . " I 'm Kyle 's ability . Hey , I don 't mean to pry . Sorry . You should bring her by the house sometime . So we on for dinner ? Yeah . Yeah , just give me a couple minutes , okay ? - Yeah , great . - Okay .
