 ( whoosh ) On March 15th , 2010 , you are going to be murdered . Your briefing- - Did it say who killed me ? I have to end this call now . - My daughter 's alive . - Hi , Dad . She saw something she shouldn 't have ... and got in trouble with Jericho . TRACY : The second that Jericho knows that I 'm still alive , they 'll find me , and they 'll kill me . N.S.A. finally sent back a new rendering of Suspect Zero . - What 's that on his hand ? - That looks like a ring . This morning I was thinking about committing suicide . Oh , my God . Everything 's changed for me now . - Who 's the woman ? BRYCE : She was in my vision . In my flash-forward , I saw this symbol . It 's a Japanese letter . - What 's it mean ? - " Believe . " MAN : See there , there ... ( typing on keyboard , beep ) And there . It 's metastasized . To the liver . And no sign of it in the lungs or bones ? No . Look , we hoped this treatment would have stopped the growth . It doesn 't seem to have had an effect . What about hormone therapy ? Bryce , you 're stage four . It 's not likely to do much except make you feel lousy . I ... I feel all right now . That 's not atypical for this type of cancer . I 'm gonna be straight with you , Bryce . We 're running out of options . We could try another round of chemo . I have patients at this point who have gotten into clinical trials . How long have I got ? ( horn honking ) MAN : Oh , come on ! ( closes door ) - ( keys jangling ) - ( starts engine ) ( click ) ( shifts gear ) ( crash ) Hey ! What the hell are you doin ' , man ? ( voice echoing ) Didn 't you see me there ? Hello ? Hello ? ( tapping on window ) Pal , I 'm talking to you . ( shifts gears ) - ( tires screech ) - Whoa , what are you doing ? Hey ! ( shifts gears ) ( tires screech ) Oh , come on ! No , no , no , no , no ! Oh ! All right . Come--come on ! What are you , nuts ? You made your point ! This is a Cherry ' 63 T-Bird ! Oh ! Yeah , yeah , yeah . I want to report a hit and run . He 's still hitting me ! You made your point ! All right . Okay . Okay . It 's all right . You are so dead , man . You hear me ? You 're dead ! " Believe " ( sighs ) ( door opens ) ( door closes ) Arahida Keiko-san ? ( speaking Japanese ) ( speaking Japanese ) ( monitor beeping ) OLIVIA : Dr. Varley , she 's oozing an awful lot . What was her platelet count , hemoglobin and coags preop ? Um ... I 'm sorry . Her platelets were , uh ... Um ... Platelets 80,000 , hemoglobin 10.5 . - Looks like a cirrhotic to me . - Is she a drinker , Dr. Varley ? Uh , sorry , um ... Come on , Bryce . Uh , Maneesh , I 'm gonna need some F.F.P. and 2 units of packed red blood cells as soon as you can get ' em . She 's oozing everywhere we cut . Send a D.I.C. panel and , uh , hang a banana bag with two grams of mag . ( water running ) Dr. Benford , I 'm sorry . ( scrubbing ) I think you need to think seriously about whether or not you 're committed to this profession . ( door creaks ) ( people shout in Japanese ) Ohh . ( sighs ) ( all shout in Japanese ) BRYCE : I don 't know where I belong . I 'm not a very good doctor . I never have been , really . It wasn 't what you wanted ? I don 't know what I want . Mm . I just ... did it ... ( seagulls calling ) And now I 'm here . Have you told your family , your colleagues about your illness ? My family 's been through enough , Dr. Flemming . With my dad dying of lung cancer for three years ... It was a nightmare . PSYCHIATRIST : What about your colleagues ? Surely they would understand . BRYCE : I don 't want their pity . Pity ? Bryce , you need support right now . That 's what 's gonna get you through this . Nothing is gonna get me through this . My diagnosis is terminal . PSYCHIATRIST : You don 't know what the future holds . None of us do , really . Your job is to take care of yourself , Bryce , to try and have the best life you can for as long as you can . Live each day doing what feels right . MAN : All right for me . ( whoosh ) ( indistinct conversations ) You 're really here . ( whoosh ) ( water running ) ( laughing ) WOMAN : Pleased to meet you- - Hajimemashite . Hajimemashite . Please speak more slowly- - Yukkuri hanashite kudasai . Yukkuri hanashite kudasai . What 's your name ? O namae wa nan desu ka ? O namae wa nan ... desu ka ? ( clears throat ) I love you- - Suki desu . Suki desu . Suki- - Please sit down- - Okakekudasai . ( retching ) How are you feeling today ? ( groaning ) Gokigen ikada desu ka ? ( flushes toilet ) I hope you are well ... ( speaking Japanese ) Can you give me the directions ? ( speaking Japanese ) I am lost . Michi ni mayotte imasu . Who are you ? Anata wa dare desu ka ? What do you want ? Nani o omotome desu ka ? ( dog barks in distance ) ( cell phone rings ) Yeah ? Hey , how is Tracy ? She 's , uh ... she 's pretty shut down . Terrified Jericho 's gonna come and find her . Well , I 've been looking into that for you . Yeah ? Yeah . Unfortunately , private military contractors like Jericho and Blackwater are harder to break into than Fort Knox . That 's what I was afraid of . Yeah , but this outfit 's headquartered in Santa Monica , right in our own backyard , - working out of the - ( bottles clink ) Burroughs Foundation for International Peace- - Some kind of think tank . - Think tank ? - Yep . It 's gonna take a higher security clearance than I have at this point - to get much beyond that . - ( cell phone ringing ) Hold on a sec . Hey , Livvie , - your phone 's ringing . OLIVIA : Babe , can you get it ? I gotta go . I 'll put out some more feelers , all right ? Yeah . OLIVIA : Who is it ? Who was it ? What is this ? ( sighs ) It 's this weird text I got . Who ... who sent it ? I have no idea . You figured you ... you wouldn 't mention it ? Well , you already told me about the drinking . Before I got a chance to bring it up . You know , since we talked about it , the phone thing didn 't seem like such a big deal . I gotta get dressed . ( phone ringing in distance ) Hey , Bryce . Nice job with that tension pneumo . ( sighs ) Thanks . ( clears throat , sniffles ) You okay ? Yeah , yeah . You look sick . I 'm--I 'm okay . Come here . I 'm--I 'm all right . ( sniffles ) You 're not febrile , but you 're really pale . Go home . I 'll have Cynthia cover your shift . I 'm gonna be okay . I just need a minute . Bryce , hey , hey , hey , come here . Whoa . Come sit . - I 'm just- - - You look terrible . I 'm just tired . I 'm ... Graphia says you almost passed out during grand rounds last week . You wanna tell me what 's going on ? It 's nothing . Oh , we--we don 't need to--to do that . Come on . Why do you have a central line ? Uh ... It 's for the chemo . Chemo ? I have ... renal cell carcinoma . Stage four . How long have you known ? Um , about a year . Had my kidney out just before I started here . This is why you tried to kill yourself that- - Oh , Bryce . I was terrified . I didn 't think that I could face the prospect of dying . I didn 't want to put my family through that . I can 't believe you have been going through this alone . I can 't believe I didn 't see it . It hasn 't been that bad so far . It 's rough for a few days after chemo , but then I bounce back . Anyway , since the blackout , things are different now . I 'm gonna be okay . I 've got something to live for . It 's hot . I forgot the cheese . I don 't need the cheese . This smells great . When I was in the military , this crazy staff sergeant in my detail made the best food - I ever threw a lip on . - ( dishes clatter ) What ? I can 't do this . Do what ? ( bottle clanks ) Have you drinking here . It 's just a glass of wine . - ( pouring wine ) - ( bottle scrapes table ) Doesn 't matter . A glass of wine or a fifth of vodka- - It just doesn 't work for me . Come on , Dad . Relax . I 'm not asking you to drink . That 's not the point . I can 't be in the same room as it . You understand that ? After everything I 've been through , you 're telling me I can 't have a glass of wine ? I 'm 24 years old , and I 've been through hell . I can 't have a drink ? Baby , I 'm not talking about what you can or can 't do . I 'm telling you what I can 't do . This is good . ( fork clinking bowl ) Fine . I 'll go somewhere else . - ( fork clatters ) - ( door opens and closes ) WOMAN : The N.S.A. ' s digital forensics team uncovered this symbol on Suspect Zero 's ring . WEDECK : Alpha . And it could mean anything- - The angle of attack in aerodynamics , the brightest star in a constellation . Alpha is the beginning of everything . If we can enhance the ring so well , why can 't we see his face ? - We tried to rebuild that image - ( beeping ) from all the various camera angles that we got . But in one , his skin was all blown out . In another , it was a raking profile and so on . The ring was much easier . It has hard edges and a reflective surface . We captured still images as the hand moved . We replaced pixels and then built a 3-D model of it . Frankly , we were hoping the N.S.A. would provide us an analysis of the ring that was a little more substantial . ( sighs ) To tell you the truth , I 'm--I 'm a little uncomfortable talking in this particular group . Uncomfortable ? Look , Mrs. Levy , we don 't have time to play games . Okay , I 'll be blunt , Mr. Wedeck . One of the members of your Mosaic task force has been red-flagged by the N.S.A. What ? Who ? A couple of months ago , our wiretapping program intercepted a phone call whose origins had been professionally concealed - to a bureau cell phone . - Whose phone ? Agent Noh 's . Since when do you guys wiretap the FBI ? Homeland Security is the number one priority . What do you mean , Homeland Security is the- - Wait a minute . Wait a minute . Maybe it 's the call- - your call from the woman . - About your murder . MARK : Right . Are you saying that you have a recording of that call ? How do I get it ? I 'm sorry . It 's classified SIGINT- - signals intelligence . The woman who made that call told me I was gonna be murdered on March 15th . I 'm running out of time , so if you have any information on who that was or why I 'm going to be killed- - - I 'm not authorized to give- - - Come on ! Call whoever you need to call to make it happen then ! How about that , Ms. Levy ? Let me make a call . ( woman talking Japanese over P.A. ) ( whirring ) ( whoosh ) ( taps key ) ( Bob Dylan playing " Shelter from the Storm " ) ¶ ' Twas in another lifetime ¶ ¶ One of toil and blood ¶ ¶ When blackness was a virtue ¶ ¶ And the road was full of mud ¶ ¶ I came in from the wilderness ¶ ¶ A creature void of form ¶ ¶ " Come in , " she said , " I 'll give ya ¶ ¶ Shelter from the storm " ¶ ( speaking Japanese ) Benjwa ... doko ... Desu ka Los Angeles ? You just said " Where is the toilet , Los Angeles ? " Let me see that book a sec . It 's so cool you 're learning a whole language for someone you haven 't even met . But I am gonna meet her . I know it . Wow . I 'm hearing myself , and I sound crazy . But it 's a good kind of crazy . Love crazy . You think ? ( applause ) - Hey . - ( scoffs ) - Didn 't see you there . - Yeah , I came in late . Yeah ? What 's up ? I 'm really struggling , Aaron . Things were going great at home , or better at least . Then this thing happened . Someone sent Olivia a text , telling her I was drinking in my flash-forward . Who would do that ? I don 't know . I only told two people . It 's kind of freaking me out , you know ? That 's weird . Yeah . You trying to say something to me , Mark ? Like I said , uh , I only told two people . Do you know how many hours I 've spent listening to your crap , your doubt , your self-pity ? I thought you were my sponsor . That 's right . That doesn 't mean I 'm your punching bag . I think I have the right to ask you if you 're communicating with my wife behind my back . You son of a bitch . After all the time we 've known each other , you think I would do that ? ( scoffs ) I don 't know what to think anymore . You don 't know . ( clatter ) Don 't know . Here 's some food for thought . Why don 't you get a new sponsor ? Someone you can really trust . ( door slams ) - ( cars honking ) - ( pop music playing ) ( tattoo machine buzzing ) ( men singing in Japanese ) ( scoffs ) ( scoffs ) - ( phone ringing in distance ) - ( knocking on door ) - Got it . - What ? Demetri 's phone call . Okay . I 'm taking it down to audio forensics right now . Okay . - Can I ask you something ? - What ? Did you send Olivia a text ? ( keyboard clacking ) - Your wife ? - Uh-huh . Why would I send your wife a text ? Well , someone did . ( chuckles ) Telling her I was drunk in my flash-forward . You 're one of only two people I 've told . So ? So as , uh , I recall you were pretty pissed that I was drinking and the implications that had for our investigation . Oh , I see . You were thinking I was so angry and so petty that I 'd run out and text your wife about it ? Get out of my office , Benford . I don 't wanna see your face right now . Konichiwa . ( Hello ) Ogenki desu ka ? ( How are you ? ) Genku desu . ( I 'm fine ) Anata wa ? ( And you ? ) Your accent is really improving , Dr. Varley . Domo arigato , kondo-san . ( Thank you , Mrs. Kondo ) Well , if nothing else , I 'll come out of this having learned a second language . So how 's the search for your young woman ? Well , no response to my Mosaic posting yet , but I did finish my drawing . You wanna see it ? She 's quite beautiful . I was thinking about posting it on the web . Well , at least you know where she likes to eat . What do you mean ? Sushi Arahida . It 's a restaurant in Tsukuba , not that far from Tokyo . I taught at the university there . Is it possible there 's more than one restaurant with this name in ... Tsukuba ? Well , I doubt it , not with this same logo . It 's a little , tiny place . She 's probably a local . Ms. Kondo , in my flash-forward , I was sitting in a Japanese restaurant . Maybe it 's this Sushi Arahida . - Maybe . - Thank you ! Arigato , kondo-san . Arigato . ( Thank you ) Oh , Bryce ? Dr. Varley , do you have a minute ? - Yeah . - Hey . Uh , so listen , maybe it 's none of my business , but I made a few calls , did a little bit of research , and there really are some good options out there . Oh , Dr. Benford , - I appreciate it- - - There 's this friend of mine from medical school who 's running an experimental trial with Trifectumab out of M.D. Anderson in Houston , so I made a call , and you 're in . Thank you . No . You kidding ? It 's the least I can do . Here . I 've , uh , I 've read about Trifectumab . I 'm not sure about the side effects , though . We 're talking about your life . Now 's not the time to be conservative . Dr. Benford , thank you . Um , but--but you don 't understand . Uh ... Because of my flash-forward , I know that I have something to live for . I can 't take a drug that might kill me or make me sicker . Okay , Bryce , you 're only gonna hear me say this once . Maybe the reason you 're alive in your flash-forward is because you 're gonna take this drug and get better . Bryce , don 't give up on me . Please . Come here . Go to Houston . You need a couple of days , take a couple of days . - ( roaring ) - ( tires screeching ) ( man speaks Japanese over P.A. ) ( Japanese people talking ) ( door bells jingle ) Um ... uh ... Keiko ? ( whoosh ) WOMAN : There is no delicate way to say this , but on March 15 , 2010 , you are going to be murdered . ( beep ) Wow , it 's even worse hearing it a second time . We 've analyzed the ambient noise , and we 've come up with a potential lead . - Lead ? What kind of a lead ? - Listen to this . ... there is no delicate way Now , I stripped away everything - but the background noise . - ... but on March 15th ... ( static noises ) ( Chinese electronic music playing ) We found- - You found cheesy electronic music . Come on , Vreede . Oh , no , no . Not just any cheesy electronic music , my friend . It 's the " Symphony of Lights , " the world 's largest outdoor light and music show . Plays every night in Hong Kong Harbour . Wanna take a little trip ? WEDECK : I 'm sorry , but I just can 't send you to China after that CIA idiot accused them of causing the blackout . Relations between the two countries are tense enough as it is . Look , I want to solve Demetri 's potential murder as much as anyone , but even if she made the call from Hong Kong there 's nothing to say that she 's still- - She concealed the origins of her call , Stan . That alone makes her a suspect . We have to find out who she is and what else she knows . Look , I promise you , I 'll have our legats guy in Asia try and track her down , but I need you here . You 're not going to Hong Kong . End of story . Hey . We 're going . What ? Hong Kong . Wedeck 's gonna be pissed . Mm-hmm . He 'll get over it . ( door creaks ) ( Japanese TV program playing indistinctly ) GIRL : Hai . ( footsteps approach ) Um , I 'm sorry . Is this your daughter , musume-san ? Is this your daughter ? Uh ... Is this your sister ? They told me at the restaurant that she lived here . Please , I came all the way from Los Angeles . Is this Keiko ? Do you know Keiko ? Keiko , please . I 'm such an idiot . I travel more than 5,000 miles because of a T-shirt ? What was I thinking ? You were thinking you were going to find the woman you love . But I didn 't . NICOLE : Now you know her name . That 's something . I don 't even know if it 's her real name . I went to the university . I went back to the restaurant . No one can tell me anything . I don 't know how long I can wait , Nicole . Maybe you 're just trying to rush things that can 't be rushed . Sometimes , you just gotta be patient . Isn 't that how love works ? I don 't know . Maybe I misinterpreted the whole thing . Maybe it 's ... It 's just some kind of fantasy and a really good way to run away from my life . Bryce , come home . Come home . ( knock on door ) Hey . Can I come in ? What do you want ? To talk . I was out of line . Yeah , you were . I 've been a little stressed . For God sakes , Mark . You think you 're the only one who 's dealing with issues ? Of course I don 't . I know you 're dealing - with the whole Tracy thing- - - You have no idea what I 've been dealing with , so why don 't you just shut the hell up , okay ? Yeah , Tracy 's back , but she 's not the person she used to be . That person is dead . Aaron , Aaron- - - Aaron ... - No , you ... You don 't get it . She 's broken , angry , scared . She drinks herself to sleep every night . She 's a messed up alcoholic , Mark . And I 'm to blame ... for all of it . She enlisted because she wanted to be just like me . And now she drinks just like me . There 's not a damn thing that I can do about it . ( sniffles ) Look , we 've crossed a line here ... for better or worse . I don 't think I can be your sponsor anymore , Mark . I 'm sorry . ( voice breaking ) But I could really use a friend . You got it . ( roaring ) WOMAN : Welcome to Los Angeles . Enjoy your stay . Welcome to Los Angeles . ( audience cheering ) ( guitar playing ) ( " Shelter from the Storm " playing ) ¶ ' Twas in another lifetime ¶ ¶ One of toil and blood ¶ ¶ When blackness was a virtue ¶ ¶ And the road was full of mud ¶ ¶ I came in from the wilderness ¶ ¶ A creature void of form ¶ ¶ " Come in , " she said , " I 'll give ya ¶ ¶ Shelter from the storm " ¶ ¶ Not a word was spoke between us ¶ ¶ There was no risk involved ¶ ¶ Everything up to that point had been left unresolved ¶ ¶ Try imagining a place ¶ ¶ where it 's always safe and warm ¶ ¶ " Come in , " she said , " I 'll give ya ¶ ¶ Shelter from the storm " ¶
