 The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 : Well , I 'm linking together profiles of the people who 've taken the shot . Pretty soon Kevin thinks he 'll be able to predict who will survive the shot and who won 't . Are you really asking me to tell people not to take promicin ? Only for a few months . I am not making any announcement . - Who are you ? - I 'm Lindsey . This is Maia Rutledge . She was the first one to disappear as far as we can tell . They 're dead , aren 't they ? There 's a faction of elites who want the future to stay exactly as it is . I call them the Marked . What about lmroth ? The CEO of Ubient Software is supposed to be some kind of double agent from the future ? Tell the others I went to see the NTAC agents . Baldwin thinks there 's some kind of ploy . When we need him , he 'll be there for us . You 're becoming your new self . Do what Tom Baldwin would do . Find Isabelle Tyler . You have to take your abilities back . Then you 're gonna bring Jordan Collier to me . Tom , what 's going on ? I felt restless . I kept tossing and turning . I didn 't wanna wake you . So you were just sitting there ? No , I was watching you sleep . It was kind of relaxing . Well , I 'm awake now . So why don 't you come back to bed ? There . Isn 't this more relaxing ? Andalusia 's ? Isn 't that a little bit fancy ? So ? I 'm not a little kid anymore . I miss the days when the only place you 'd eat was Charlie 's Pizza Palace . Mom , that was , like , a long time ago . Oh , yeah . At least a year . And besides , it would be fun eating Spanish food with Ben again . I hope you 're not getting your hopes up for nothing . I know that Ben said that he might make it but London is a long way off . I promise I won 't be disappointed . But on my birthday it 's just been , I don 't know , just you and me . With Ben it would feel more like a family . Whoa , excuse me . - You okay ? - Yeah . What was that ? I don 't believe this . Is this real money ? Certainly looks like it . " Welcome to the new world . " " The new world " ? That 's right out of Jordan Collier 's playbook . It sounds like it . But can we be really sure that these ATM malfunctions are being caused by some 4400 ability ? Because it could be the work of some sophisticated computer hacker who is just looking to create some havoc . Actually , I have to go with the p-positive here , Diana . So far 58 ATMs from four separate banking institutions have been affected . That means four separate computer mainframes have been compromised . Thousands and thousands of dollars are being dispensed . Every time they shut down a cash machine , another one goes haywire . I 'd like to meet the hacker that can pull that off . You know , without an ability . Pretty aggressive move , though . I mean , even for Collier . If you wanna create a new world , first you have to destroy the old one . And disrupting the economy is a pretty good way to start . I wouldn 't mind driving . - Does that work for you ? - Yeah , be my guest . I 'm gonna need an hour before we go see Collier . - Is there something wrong ? - Hopefully not . I 've got an appointment for a CAT scan . It 's just a precaution . Since the mole came back , I 've been on edge . You don 't feel any different , do you ? You mean am I one of the Marked ? Some kind of zombie controlled by a future human ? Not- - Not yet , anyway . Look , I 'll call you when I 'm done with the hospital . Are you sure you won 't reconsider , Mr. Chatha ? Taking the shot would be hugely beneficial , not only to you , but to the millions of your readers who would follow your example . Yes , but you have to understand that there is no guarantee that this alleged compatibility test of Shawn Farrell 's will ever be perfected . Yes . Yes , well , if you change your mind , the door is always open . We have your cousin to thank for that . But Chatha 's name was on the list in the White Light book . We already know he can survive the shot . It 's his followers he 's worried about . Why risk their lives when Shawn 's announced it 's only a matter of time before the test is available ? Too bad you lost Chatha . It wouldn 't have happened if you 'd done what I told you to . Yeah , I know . Stop Shawn , right ? And what does that mean exactly ? I was hoping you 'd figure that out for yourself . Shawn 's not developing this test by himself . What you need to do is get rid of Kevin Burkhoff . Get rid of him ? What am I supposed to do exactly ? Kill the guy ? I expect you to do whatever it takes to fulfill the prophecy and help Jordan Collier bring heaven to Earth . Good morning , Isabelle . I hope you 're feeling at home . You know , I have to say , of all of our real-estate holdings , this place is my favorite . You know , I thought you 'd like to know , tomorrow your father 's being moved from Seattle to an NTAC holding facility in Virginia . You need to take your abilities back before Richard steps on that plane . Because if you don 't , he 's not getting off it . You caused your mother 's death . Do you wanna be responsible for your father 's too ? Even if I agreed to take the shot , what 's the point ? The government doctors already told me that promicin will kill me . We can change that , Isabelle . I guarantee you 'll live to fulfill your original mission : To destroy the 4400 and anyone else with a trace of promicin in their system . And you will start by bringing us Jordan Collier . You know , Kyle used to talk about you all the time . He said you were a decent man . But then you 're not Tom Baldwin , are you ? Tom Baldwin . Tom Baldwin was a confused and unhappy man . I 'm giving him the clarity of purpose he desperately needed . And I wanna give that to you , Isabelle . After all , I created you , placed you in your mother 's womb to make sure you were sent in that ball of light so you can protect the world from the 4400 . No , Isabelle . Promicin is evil . People who use it are evil . Their goal isn 't to change the world . It is to end it . You can stop them . You have to stop them . It 's what you were meant to do . How can you say no to your destiny ? Manual labor in Promise City . Isn 't that a bit old school ? Nothing wrong with old school when it comes to a little sweat and muscle . Having an ability can lead to complacency . And complacency is the measure of a dying society . Welcome to the new world . You 're here about the attacks on the banking system . - You know about that ? - I try to stay current . But I can assure you that despite the attacker 's utopian signature , nobody here had anything to do with it . Can you really be sure of that ? You must have like 500 people living here by now . Nobody here would do something like that without Jordan 's consent . - Which I didn 't give . - Well , just prove it to us . Let us talk to your people . And if nobody did it , then maybe they can help us find out - who the hell is responsible . - I 'm afraid I can 't do that . You mean you won 't . I mean , whoever 's doing this has my best wishes . The system you live in is obsolete . Any society that worships at the altar of wealth is doomed , so why not flood the streets with money until all those little pieces of paper are worthless as confetti ? Christ , Tom , no . No ! Dad , don 't . Please don 't . Please don 't , Dad . Because the future I believe in is one that exists without the need for money . It 's a world where miracles are common currency . Now , excuse me . I have some work to do . It 's not just ATMs anymore . We 're looking at computer system failures all over the country . Make that the world . Federal agencies , financial institutions , private businesses ... Even your friendly neighborhood laptops are all crashing . Victims of the same corrosive virus that infected the ATMs . Yeah . And these attacks are anything but random . Yeah , every malfunctioning computer , including the original ATMs , has one thing in common . They all run Ubient 's Enzyme Operating System . Ubient ? That 's Drew lmroth 's company . So I guess the question we have to ask is this : Are these attacks against Drew lmroth , the multi-billionaire corporate giant ? Or Drew lmroth , the alleged member of the global conspiracy known as the Marked ? The operative word is " alleged . " We don 't have hard evidence that the Marked exists . No , Tom and I are pretty certain . Yeah , that 's right . Even so , Ubient is one of the biggest corporations in the world . If it goes under , we 're all in trouble . I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to interrupt . No . Everybody , this is Abigail Hunnicutt . She 's new . - Hi . - We were lucky to grab her . Abigail has been teaching a course in combinatorics and probability at MlT since she was 22 . I also worked my way through graduate school in the Men 's Department at Saks . Who knows ? Maybe I can teach these guys how to dress like grownups . I thought everyone should see this . It 's some kind of manifesto . Every computer infected with the virus is printing it out . It 's calling for the destruction of all Ubient software . Which is why , Marked or not , we need to speak with Drew lmroth . - Hello ? - Hey , Maia . It 's me , Lindsey . Happy birthday . Hi . I can 't believe you remembered . You know , it 's not for another two days . Okay , whatever . I have got the coolest gift for you . - You wanna come over ? - It 's not that kind of present . You have to come to Promise City and see it for yourself . My mom really wants me to stay away from there . She doesn 't have to know . You are so gonna thank me for this . I guess I can come by tomorrow after school . Great . Meet me at the southwest corner of Beacon and 64th Street at 3 : 30 . I 've got some friends who will help us sneak past the government blockade . Okay , bye . Yes , Mr. Secretary . I understand how sensitive your department records are and I promise that once we get the problem resolved , Ubient will do everything possible to retrieve your lost data . Believe me , sir , I feel your pain . I 'm a stockholder too . I 've warned you that something like this was gonna happen . Jordan Collier and his followers are bent on global revolution . And this assault on my company is the opening salvo . We just came from Promise City . Collier 's denying any involvement . Well , I don 't believe that . And I certainly hope you two don 't either . Whether it 's Collier 's people or some rogue p-positive , it doesn 't really matter . We 'll find them . When will that be ? Will I still have a company left by then ? We 're doing our best . All of this could have been avoided if you people had done your jobs in the first place . But no , you were too busy chasing after imaginary conspiracies . How about it , Agent Baldwin ? Would you like to check my mole again ? That won 't be necessary . Glad to see you finally have your priorities straight . I just hope it 's not too late to save my company . With all your success over the years , you must 've made enemies . Thousands of them . In fact , I keep a list of everyone who 's ever sent me a threatening letter or e-mail . Organized by level of vehemence . It 's a hobby . Steve Jobs on page one ? You might wanna give him a promicin test . Dr. Burkhoff , you ready for a break ? Not now . I lost quite a bit of data when this computer crashed . Right . That 's that Ubient virus . The net 's down in the entire building . Is that supposed to make me feel better ? I have to reconstruct a 74-page document from memory and I 'm on , like , what , page 1 2 ? Well , I appreciate your dedication but I kind of promised Tess that I 'd get you out of the lab once in a while . - You spoke to Tess ? - Yeah . Just now . Sounds like she 's having a great time with her niece . Grandniece , actually . Tess was born in 1 937 . Right , sorry . I forgot . Okay , you need a break . I 've got a surprise for you . Come on . It 's a massage . - She 's waiting upstairs . - No , thank you . I don 't like strangers touching me . Human hand can be so clammy . Okay , but I already paid for the hour . Well , be my guest . Enjoy yourself . I 'll just be down here working to save thousands of lives and change the world for the better . - Okay . - Thank you . You know , lmroth was not joking when he said he had a lot of enemies . This is gonna take all night to get through this . I think I 'm gonna take my half home . That 's a good idea . You really surprised me today at lmroth 's office , the way you reacted when he got in your face . The guy was having a rough day . I was trying to be diplomatic . I mean , considering what we suspect him of . Because he brought up the Marked and you didn 't even , well , pursue it . Neither did you . Look , it 's not like he 's gonna admit to anything . I promise , next time he 's gives attitude , you 'll see some fireworks , okay ? - Good night . - Tom ? Yeah ? Did you get the results of the CAT scan ? Oh , yeah . Yeah , I 'm fine . Thanks for asking . Good night . Good night . - Hello ? - Hello ? Hi , Kevin . I 'm back . Tess ? Out here . - See me ? - Tess ? Come find me . I thought you weren 't coming back for a few days . Kevin , I 'm over here . Where are you ? You found me . I brought your breakfast . Come on . Orders are you 're supposed to eat . Let her go . We 're not supposed to hurt her . - Morning , Diana . - Hi . You read any good death threats lately ? Too many . I mean , so , what do we got , like 8,000 suspects ? - Yeah . - Good luck tracking them all down . So how was your night ? It was kind of strange . I was on my way home when I got a phone call from Drew lmroth . Yeah , I know . It threw me too . Anyway , he told me he had to see me right away alone at Madison Park . It all felt a little cloak-and-dagger but what was I gonna do ? - I guess you had to go . - Exactly . It turns out he wants me to pass the case off to another agent . He 's worried that I 'm still obsessed about proving he 's one of the Marked . - What did you tell him ? - The truth . That he had nothing to worry about . That I 'd do my job to the best of my abilities . Then I asked him to name every member of the Marked . Which led to some of that fireworks you were hoping for . I better take this . I 'll see you in there . Okay . Baldwin . When ? Is Isabelle all right ? Fine . I 'll have to make an excuse here . I 'll be right over . Joanna . What happened ? Where 's Kevin ? I don 't know . The cleaning staff came in this morning . This is how they found the place . All his work is missing too . This was Jordan . It had to be . He knows about the compatibility test . It 's so strange . All those people willing to risk their lives to get an ability . Thinking it 'll make them feel less alone , more powerful . I never felt more alone and less powerful than when I had limitless abilities . It overwhelmed my entire life , became my identity , cut me off from everyone . My parents , Shawn . It 's only when I lost everything that I found myself . And now you want me to go back there , become that person again . That person is who you are . It won 't be that bad , Isabelle . These past few months , you got a vacation . You spent a little time out in the world . But now it 's time to go back to work . It was nice to be normal . At least for a little while . Okay , so this is a modification of a document-authorization program Abigail designed while she was at MlT . We used it to cross-reference the language in the anti-Ubient manifesto with the hate mail directed at Drew lmroth . We were looking for idiosyncratic phrases and word choices with a high degree of similarity in both documents . Now , you can see whoever wrote the manifesto Iikes to use semicolons by the handful . He 's also fond of " who " or " which " instead of " that . " And he refers to lmroth as Mr. Puppetmaster . A phrase he repeats a total of six times . And what do we find in the hate-mail department ? This document . Semicolons , " who " and " which " used again instead of " that . " And finally , our old friend Mr. Puppetmaster . So the two authors are one in the same ? Do you have a name for us ? This e-mail is signed " Swindled . " lmroth put his people on it . They traced it to a Warren Trask . It turns out back in the early ' 80s , Trask designed a primitive version of the Enzyme operating system . When lmroth came out with a very similar program , Trask sued . Let me guess . He lost . No . It never went to court . Imroth offered Trask an out-of-court settlement . Trask wound up with a hundred thousand dollars . Meanwhile , Enzyme has made lmroth billions . - So the guy is pissed . - Wouldn 't you be ? You can ask him yourself . He lives right here in Seattle . Well , nice work , Marco . Well , actually , it was all Abigail . She buy you that suit too ? Stop looking so freaked out . - We 're almost there . - I told you I can 't stay long . - If my mom finds out- - - She won 't . I promised you a birthday surprise , right ? Well , here it is . Maia ? Mom ? Dad ? Maia , is it really you ? Vic , can you believe how big she 's gotten ? She 's still my little girl . I only wish I could give you a great big birthday hug . Me too . But you can 't . You 're just somebody 's 4400 ability . Whatever we are , we 're your parents . And we love you so much . Excuse me . I 'm Agent Baldwin . This is Agent Skouris . We 're with NTAC . We 're here to see Warren Trask . I 'm his daughter Eileen . What 's this all about ? We 'd like to ask your father some questions about Drew lmroth . Well , you can ask him anything you want . Just don 't expect any answers . My dad had a stroke three months ago . He hasn 't moved a muscle or said a word since . My father was a brilliant man , but he was naive and trusting . And Drew lmroth took advantage of that to cheat my father out of his life 's work . His career , his marriage , his health , my father lost it all . So when did he take the promicin shot ? About six months ago . As far as I know , it didn 't do anything . No ability . Nothing . And then he had the aneurysm . Do you really still believe he 's behind what 's happening to Ubient ? All these machines he 's hooked up to , they 're run by a computer , so he 's connected to networks for emergency response monitoring . If his mind can still function and he 's got an ability , yeah . He could be the ghost in the machine . Well , that would be wonderful . Daddy , if that 's true , I am so happy for you . Don 't stop until you ruin lmroth like he ruined you . That 's enough of that . - You 're hurting me . - Tom . Let her go . Look , she 's an accessory to a half dozen felonies . If there is anything you are holding back , you better tell us now . I don 't know anything . But if my father is bringing down Drew lmroth , I 'd consider that justice . Am I mistaken , or am I looking at a Xerces Blue butterfly ? I believe that 's what it 's called . Xerces Blue has been extinct since 1 941 . Not here . Not anymore . We have a resident who can modify DNA to re-create extinct species . Only insects so far , but he hopes to work his way up to mammals . I don 't know about you , but I 'd love to see a woolly mammoth in the flesh . I am impressed . And I 'm not easily impressed . A man of your intellect could do just about anything here in Promise City . Well , which might be a more persuasive argument if I weren 't a kidnap victim being held against my will . It was my idea to bring you here . Jordan knew nothing about it . And is that supposed to make everything all right ? Kyle 's method might have been extreme but I can 't fault his motive . You belong here in Promise City with us , Kevin . You 're the father of the promicin movement . Without your discoveries , Promise City wouldn 't even exist . I made a scientific breakthrough but I didn 't start a religious cult . Kevin , like it or not , you 're revered by everyone here . However , I can 't allow your research to continue . The promicin compatibility test would be death to this movement . All I 'm trying to do is save lives , Jordan . So are we . We 're just thinking a little more long-term . So until you share our vision , I 'm afraid I 'll have to insist you remain our guest . Tomorrow at 8 a.m. I was kind of hoping for something sooner . No , no . We can 't prove conclusively that Trask 's our man but we know he took the promicin shot . Okay . If that 's the best you can do . Okay , thanks . We can 't get a court order to move Trask to NTAC Medical till morning . Ubient is hemorrhaging millions of dollars an hour . The stock market is down over 500 points , and my pension plan is pretty much history . We 've done all we can to isolate him . We 've cut off the phone services and lnternet to his home . We don 't know if he needs a phone to access the net . We need to get Trask on the inhibitor and do it now . It 's not an option . His doctors have ruled it out . And given the state of his health , it 's risky . Well , maybe it 's worth the risk . Just keeping Trask under wraps at NTAC is no guarantee that the attacks against Ubient will stop . What are you suggesting , Tom ? - We kill him ? - Of course not . It 's just- - Look , it 's just frustrating for all of us . Anyhow , I guess there 's nothing we can do till morning . Hey , birthday girl . I 'm home . Why aren 't you dressed yet ? The dinner reservation 's for 7 : 00 . I 'll be ready in time . Okay . Then we come home and open the presents , all right ? That 'll be good . What 's wrong ? Did something happen today ? No . I told you not to get your hopes up about Ben . I told you I 'm past all that . Well , that 's good . Because I don 't know about you but I 'm ready for some birthday cake . So let 's get going , okay ? - Yeah ? - It 's me . Tell me you 've got good news . Because at this rate , Ubient Software will cease to exist in three days , which means we lose all our financial backing . Not to mention our spyware program . I get it . Don 't worry . I 'm taking care of it . I hope so . Oh , my God . Daddy . Daddy . Come on . Come on . Come on . Come on . Half a dozen residents claim they heard the crash . - Nobody saw anything ? - Apparently not . Morning . Court order come through yet ? Yes , it did . Not that it matters anymore . - Why ? What 's going on ? - Last night someone stole a car and plowed it into a telephone pole a few blocks from Warren Trask 's house . Blacked out the entire neighborhood . The life support system shut down . Ran on battery power for a while but we had his daughter 's cell phone jammed . - By the time she got to a phone- - - Trask 's dead ? Try not to sound so broken up about it . Well , I 'm just surprised , that 's all . What about the attacks on Ubient ? As of this morning , Ubient software is running virus-free . Seems lmroth 's company is gonna survive . And so is the economy . Stock market 's already up 200 points . Weird way for things to work out but I guess we 'll take it . Yeah , we all got lucky . Except for Warren Trask . - Yeah . - What happened to your head ? Oh , I banged it on the medicine cabinet in the middle of the night . - I guess next time I 'll turn on the light . - Good idea . You have five minutes , Shawn . Tell me what you want . I want you to release Kevin Burkhoff . Don 't tell me he 's not here . Dr. Burkhoff is here . He 's my guest and he 'll remain that way for the time being . Tell me , Jordan , since when did kidnapping become part of this new religion of yours ? It seems like a pretty twisted way to bring the world closer to God . You wanna get back in my good graces , Shawn ? It 's simple . Hold another press conference , announce you had a change of heart and that you now support the taking of promicin . You know I can 't do that . Then Kevin Burkhoff remains my guest . And you- - You 're no longer welcome in Promise City . Goodbye , Shawn . How is my girl feeling ? Like I 'm gonna die . It 's just your body ridding itself of the anti-promicin allergens . It 's all part of the process . Look this way . There you go . Now it 's time for the next step . Don 't . No . It 's okay , Isabelle . In a few seconds you are gonna feel a lot better . No . See ? That wasn 't so bad . Oh , and , Isabelle , I know what you 're thinking . Once your abilities return , you 're gonna use them against me . It worked once before when you murdered Matthew Ross . But I wouldn 't try it again . This time we 're not taking any chances . We 've placed a deterrent inside you while you were in prison . Call it a kill switch . If you move against me or disobey me in any way , it will be activated and you will die . Now you just rest for another hour or so . And when you get up , you 'll be the most powerful person on the planet . Again . Hey . So , what do we have ? The lab ran the test you asked for . The last sample they pulled was pretty degraded . It 's gonna take a couple days to get conclusive results . But we do have the preliminary results . I 'm sorry , Diana , but there 's an 80 percent chance that the blood belongs to Tom Baldwin . These last few weeks I could tell there was something wrong . It 's like he was the same guy but different , you know ? And I kept telling myself , " It 's okay . It 's still Tom . " Well , I didn 't wanna believe it either . He 's been my partner and my friend for years . Talk about sleeping with the enemy . I don 't know if he told you but Tom and I ... No , he didn 't . But the possibility had crossed my mind . Okay , so we 're past that . Now the question is , what do we do now , Diana ? Well , we have to find a way to get the real Tom Baldwin back . And we can 't let him suspect that we know anything . We just have to force ourselves to act like nothing 's changed . Well , that 's not gonna be a problem in the office , but outside , I mean , it 's not gonna be easy . The physical-intimacy thing . I 'm not sure I can handle it . So you two got it all figured out ? Whatever it is you 're talking about . Tom , what are you doing in the office so late ? Just catching up on some loose ends . - What about you guys ? - Same . Hey , you know , I was thinking about catching a bite . Who 's with me ? I can 't . I 'm supposed to be at my dad 's . - Di ? - Oh , I gotta get home . Okay . Well , I 'm just gonna finish up here . - You two have a good night . - You too . - Good night . - Good night . I have to say , you did wonderful work . With Trask out of the way , the company has finally rebounded . The next two fiscal quarters will be shaky at best . But thanks to you , Ubient lives . You 're not celebrating . What 's wrong ? One of the last things Trask did was spread your personal data all over the lnternet . Names , phone records , financial statements . They 're all out there for all eyes to see . To study . Could lead to some very dangerous questions . So we do damage control . Delete all we can and deny the rest . No , that 'll only feed the conspiracy theorists . So it 's been decided , Drew . We 're gonna have to take a more radical approach . What do you have in mind ? Oh , honey . Over here . Hey , Mom . Hi , Dad . Hello , sweetheart . Did you have a fun birthday ? Pretty fun . I just wish you could have been there . - So do we . - I bet you got some nice gifts . I got a new iPod . It 's like a record player only it plays thousands of songs . - Any Sinatra ? - Tons of Sinatra . Next time I come I 'll bring it with me . Are you sure you can get away ? We wouldn 't want to interfere with any homework or anything . You 're not interfering . I like coming here and seeing you . I wish I could come every day . So do we . But you 're here now . Jordan 's never gonna let Kevin go . So that 's it ? The compatibility test isn 't gonna happen ? It has to happen . I have to make it happen . Get on the phone . Get ahold of Tess . We 're taking Kevin out of Promise City . Isabelle . It 's all settled . He understands what he has to do . He may have been a little disappointed at first . After all , he had a good run . But in the end , he took it well . He knows it 's time to move on . I 'm sure he considers it an honor . Especially after he heard about the new host we have lined up for him . He made an excellent Drew lmroth . But he 'll make an even better Jordan Collier .
