 We 're not a threat . We 're salvation . The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 : I need you to talk to Shawn . Tell him he can 't break up with me . It would be a mistake . Isabelle 's not giving up , not without a fight . I don 't want this relationship to end , so it 's not going to . I know I haven 't always been there for you , Kyle , but I thought we had a pretty good relationship . We do . It 's just , you know , growing up with a dad who works for the fbi , NTAC , it can be pretty intense , you know ? You 're supposed to say , " l wanted to . " Don 't push your luck . I told you what we were doing and you used it to betray me . Ryland is responsible for the death of 28 4400s . Twenty-eight people that might have changed the world for the better , were they allowed to live . Alana will be prosecuted like any other member of the NO VA Group . You 're one of the only good men left in this fight . I 'll find a way to bring you back . I promise . Hi , Erika . - Stay away . - I 'm not gonna hurt you , Erika . I just want to talk . I know . That 's what you always said . That 's how you used to get me up into your room . I mean it now . I swear . This time I 'm for real . I 'm not gonna let you touch me ! It 's okay . Uncle Patrick 's here . Tom Baldwin ? Need your initial by the X. - What is it ? - Sorry , man . Not a psychic . " These are not dinner . Hang in there . Diana . " Baldwin . Jarvis said this is a suicide . Any idea why we got called ? Not really . She said there 's a DEA agent at the scene . Apparently , he requested an NTAC presence . Hey , by the way , thanks for the cookies . That was ... - That was really thoughtful . - Cookies ? Yeah . The basket full of cookies . The ones you sent . Why are you looking at me like that ? I didn 't send you anything , Tom . In fact , I was gonna thank you . Thank me ? For what ? I got a basket of cookies too , maybe an hour ago . From you . At least that 's what the card said . I didn 't send you anything either . - You two from NTAC ? - Yes . Matt Ruddy . I 'm with the DEA . Come on in . I guarantee you 're gonna find this interesting . Her name 's Erika Lundgren . She 's our third suicide in the past two weeks . Why is the DEA investigating suicides ? Because we think they 're all connected . For the past six weeks or so , we 've been hearing about a new recreational drug hitting the streets . It 's called Blink . We got a small sample off the dealer we arrested . But why call us ? It 's hardly our area of expertise . We had the sample analyzed . One of the components our laboratory guys isolated was like nothing we 've seen before . So they did some more checking . It 's similar to what they found in the 4400s . What do you call it ? Promicin ? What , so this drug Blink , you think a 4400 is synthesizing it ? That 's why I called you guys . If there 's a 4400 involved in this , I figure you could help track him down . Absolutely . It 'd help if we knew more about this drug . We don 't know much about it , except it seems to be a powerful hallucinogen . How do you know Erika Lundgren was on Blink when she jumped ? Her roommate told us . Erika took Blink this morning . Pretty soon after that , she started telling me she was seeing her uncle . She was really freaked out . I mean , the guy 's in some prison for 1 2 more years . Do you know where she got the drug ? When Erika wanted to get high , she 'd go see this guy she went to school with . I guess he deals now . I mean , I don 't know if that 's where she got it from , but his name 's Greg . He usually hangs out in Cowen Park . He always wears this old high school varsity jacket . Erika said he used to be a track star or something . Tony , take care of her . Thank you . We should probably head to Cowen Park . Find out where this guy Greg gets his Blink . Hello , Tommy . Dad ? Hey , Tommy , you 're standing in the middle of the street . - Better be careful . - Tom . Tom , what are you doing ? Come on . What 's going on ? Diana , that DEA guy , he said Blink causes hallucinations , right ? Of course . Why ? Because I think I just saw my father . He was right over there . Tom , your father 's been dead nine years . Exactly . - It was the cookies . It had to be . - Tom , slow down . Why would anyone wanna slip you Blink ? I don 't know . Maybe some bitter 4400 . Someone who hates NTAC . Yeah , maybe . But I had a cookie too , and I 'm not seeing a dead relative . I feel fine . Listen , Tom , you 've been under a lot of stress lately . I mean , all this talk of hallucinations , your mind has decided to play tricks on you . Yeah , maybe . Still though , I think I should probably drive . Well , what do you wanna talk about ? - Diana , do you see him ? - See who ? - My father . He 's right there . - Tom , I don 't see anything . Nobody else can see me , pal . I 'm just here for you . Just be quiet . You 're not real . Listen to me , Tom . There 's no one there . Real or not real , I 'm here . And you 're gonna have to deal with me . What do you want , Dad ? It 's not what I want , it 's what you want . You 're the one who brought me here . There must be something you wanna say to me . - I 've got nothing to say to you . - Tom , listen to me . There is no one back there . You 're gonna have to try and calm down . Yes , there is , Diana . He 's right- - He 's gone . He was right there , Diana . I swear . Tom , I 'm gonna take you to NTAC Medical , all right ? It 's gonna be fine . That was nice . See ? It all still works between us . I 'm glad you came back . Isabelle . Hey , not right now , okay ? - I 've got stuff I should do . - Let it wait . Isabelle . This time , if you want , I could make you think I 'm someone else . Anyone you 've ever had a fantasy about . I can make the earth move for us . Literally . Isabelle , you don 't need to use your abilities to tempt me . Believe me , you 're just fine on your own . - I just gotta go . - You never used to leave right after . We 've lost something , haven 't we ? I mean , we still fit together and everything , but it 's not the same , is it ? No , it 's not . And we keep pretending everything 's the same way it used to be . Well , I still keep pretending . How is it working for you ? Not well . I think I know what we need to do . Good . I 'm glad you realize it too . We have to get married . It 's the only way we can be sure we 'll never lose each other . Isabelle . You go do your stuff , I 'll start thinking about a guest list . Your CAT scan came back fine . but your blood pressure 's still a little elevated . Aside from that , your vitals are holding steady . What about his labs ? Any drugs in his system ? The tox screen was negative , but that 's not surprising because we don 't know a lot about testing Blink . We 've given you a mild sedative , but that 's all we can do for the moment . So I can go home , right ? I haven 't seen my dad in , what , six hours . Well , typically it takes about 48 hours for a psychotropic drug to leave your system . We don 't know much about Blink . Well , so it 's impossible to say how long the effects will last . Or how severe they 'll be . Hallucinogens tend to affect everyone differently . It depends what kind of issues you 're carrying in your subconscious . All right , I am gonna have Garrity give you both a ride home . - You two are taking a couple days off . - I don 't need a couple days . I feel fine . But you ate the cookies too . Until we 're sure the drugs are out of your system , you 're both on medical leave . I spoke to your dad about our conversation . We wanted to talk to you together . I don 't know if you 're serious about this whole proposal thing , but we need to nip it in the bud right now . You and me getting married is not a good idea . You 're both too young . Neither of you are ready for that kind of commitment . I can 't allow it . I 'm your father and I 'm telling you , it 's not gonna happen . Your father speaks for both of us . I 'm not going along with this . I get what the both of you are saying . There are millions of reasons why we shouldn 't get married . There are just more reasons why we should . Did either of you ever think that maybe this relationship was meant to happen ? That Shawn and I were set up to meet ? Fall in love ? - Isabelle , I don 't love you . - Shawn , you and I are the two most powerful people on the planet . We 're supposed to be together . Who else is good enough for you ? Isabelle , the man just told you straight up , he doesn 't wanna marry you . How much clearer does he have to be ? - You have to accept that . - No . I don 't . Actually , you two need to change the way you 're thinking . Maybe it would help if you thought about it like an arranged marriage . The future wants us to be together . We 're gonna be together . I 'll make sure of it . Are you sure you 're going to be okay alone ? I mean , I could stay with you if you want . No , I 'm fine . With any luck , that stuff 's worn off already . Well , call if you need anything . - I will . Good night . - Good night . Okay , Garrity . You can take me home now . Hey , Diana . - Josh ? - It 's good to see you . You look different . You look exactly the same . What are you doing here ? There 's some stuff that we need to talk about . I don 't think so . I mean , we haven 't spoken in , what , 1 1 years ? I don 't see any reason to change that . That 's a bit harsh , don 't you think ? We 've been through a lot together . No . You put me through a lot . There 's a difference . Hey , are you all right ? It looked like you were just talking to yourself . No , I 'm not okay . I think I got slipped a dose of Blink too . Really ? Now , who 'd you see ? No one . Just some guy I used to know . - You were engaged ? - Yeah , in grad school . I had to take a physics course . Josh Sandler was a teaching assistant , and we dated for three years . I 'm sorry . I know it 's a lot to spring on you . You never said anything . Well , it 's not something I particularly like to talk about . I don 't wanna sound jealous of a hallucination , but you must think about this guy a lot , huh ? Tom 's seeing his dad , you know , that makes sense . Every kid 's father is buried deep in their psyche . Erika Lundgren saw her uncle . Who knows what kind of history they had . Look . I can 't answer for her . But I can tell you that Josh and I have plenty of our own history , and most of it bad . We had a fight about 1 0 days before the wedding , broke the engagement . It was ugly . - Do you wanna talk about it ? - No . The last thing I wanna do is talk about Josh Sandler . Listen , I 'm exhausted and I just wanna take a shower and get into bed . Want some company ? No , not tonight . I 'll call you in the morning . Okay . You got the place to yourself now , huh ? Lot of room for one guy . You know , now that Alana 's gone , you ought to think about selling the place . Get some kind of apartment . Thanks for the suggestion , Dad . I like it fine here . You 're still holding out for your son to come home . I gotta tell you , buddy , I don 't think that 's gonna happen . Hey , don 't get mad . I 'm trying to have a conversation here . Except you 're not saying anything . I wouldn 't even know where to start . Pick a topic . Fine . Let 's talk about when I was a kid . I used to hate coming home when I knew you were gonna be there . You were nasty to Mom . You drank . You hated being a beat cop so much , you did everything you could to keep me out of law enforcement . When I did get into the fbi , you never called , you never said congratulations . You were too busy being jealous of your own damn kid . Okay , I 'm officially talking to myself now . You feeling better ? Come on , Tommy . You 're a grownup . I never figured you 'd still be carrying so much anger , Tom . Being a father ... You know how complicated it gets . Look at you and Kyle . The kid 's in jail . He won 't even talk to you , let alone see you . Kyle needs some time , and I 'm giving it to him . That 's called respect . I have always been there for him . Good times and bad . - I didn 't learn that from you . - I know I wasn 't much of a father . I tried to be there for you and Susan . Look for understanding someplace else . In fact , why don 't you do us both a favor and just go away ? - That 's not gonna happen . - Fine . Then I will . You can 't just walk away , pal . It ain 't gonna be that easy to get rid of me . You won 't go away ? I 'll make you go away . I 'm gonna find the 4400 who 's doing this to me . - I 'm gonna force him to stop it . - You 're going back on the case ? - I 'll come with you . - No , no , no . I 'm not working an investigation with my dead father . I don 't think you got much of a choice , Tom . Either I come along for the ride , or you and me go back inside and talk some more . Fine . Just don 't show up when I 'm in the middle of talking to somebody , okay ? No problem . Been a long time since I 've worked a case . This is gonna be fun . You still make those late-night bowls of Ben Jerry 's , huh ? Josh , I want you to go away . Just stop showing up in my life . You know , it 's funny . But you 'd only make yourself ice cream after everybody else had gone to bed . I used to wonder what that said about you . You know , you 're gonna have to talk to me eventually . No . You see , you 're a hallucination . So I just have to make a conscious choice to ignore you and eventually you 'll be gone . It 's a good plan . I just don 't think it 's gonna work . See , there 's a reason I 'm here , Diana . There has to be . You 're random . Just a mental hiccup . Josh Sandler isn 't even dead . I Googled him tonight . He teaches astronomy at Pomona College . So ? That 's the present-day Josh Sandler . Your issues are with me , the guy you were engaged to . I don 't have any issues ! Mommy ? Are you okay ? I heard noises . I 'm fine , sweetie . I 'm just practicing something for work . Come on . Let 's get you to bed . You were engaged ? Why does everyone have such a hard time believing that ? It 's not a hard time believing it , it just- - Well , you never told me . It was a long time ago . It didn 't work out . Listen , I 'm glad you called . I don 't like the idea of a drug in my system that caused three suicides . And these hallucinations we 're having , so far , it doesn 't seem like the same thing Erika Lundgren went through . - All my dad wants to do is talk . - I know . Josh hasn 't threatened me either . As long as it stays that way , there 's no reason we can 't use our free time to look into this case . There 's that delivery service . If we track down the source of those cookies , maybe we could find the 4400 who 's behind this . And there 's Cowen Park . That dealer doesn 't know anyone 's looking for him . I 'll take the park , you take the delivery service . Sounds good . Anything but waiting around for my ex to show up . Devon , all of these messages are from this morning . Well , everyone wants to congratulate you on your engagement . - Do you wanna start returning ? - No . I don 't wanna talk to anyone . Not even your mother ? I have her on hold . Yeah . Thank you , Devon . Mom , hey . No- - Mom . Mom , who told you I got engaged ? No , I 'm coming right over . Mom , where are you ? - A little mischievous one , wasn 't he ? - I love that little old face . It 's so cute . Look at those eyes . Look at that little butt . So somebody tell me what 's going on here . If it isn 't Mr. Secretive . I 'm just showing your fiancee your baby pictures . Consider it punishment for not making me the first phone call . Come on , sit . I 'd love to , but Isabelle and I have to actually get going . - We have a lot to talk about . - You bet we do . My oldest boy is getting married and I 'm gonna help plan the wedding . I promise we won 't make any decisions without you . - But , Isabelle , we need to go now . - You 're being rude . I don 't mean to be , but we really need to go . Now . - It was really nice seeing you again . - You too . I love your son very much . We should probably be heading in the other direction . Great . You 're back . - We 're going to Covington , right ? - You shouldn 't back-seat drive , Josh . You know , it was always one of your least flattering qualities . Could you speak up a bit , ma 'am ? I didn 't catch that . I wasn 't talking to you . I was just- - Sorry . I don 't mean to be annoying . I 'm sorry for everything , actually . The way things worked out with us . I just had to say that out loud . Apology not accepted . Do you mind just being quiet ? You know , I have to admit , this is not how I pictured you at all . I mean , working for the government . You 're carrying a gun . The whole thing with us , the wedding , it really must have changed you . As usual , Josh , you 're placing yourself at the center of everything . Maybe I have changed . But it 's got nothing to do with you . In fact , until you showed up yesterday , I mean , I hadn 't thought about you in five years . What ? It 's just that your left eye still does that little twitching thing when you lie . Yeah , I remember you . The gift basket . Right . Well , there were cookies inside , and we have reason to believe that they were laced with an illegal drug . Hey , I don 't know anything about that . I just pick stuff up and deliver . Well , you delivered it to me . - Where did you pick it up ? - That 's supposed to be confidential . I guess it 's okay this one time . It was an old building downtown . Here it is . 1 56 Liberty Avenue . Look at these people . They don 't even try to hide what they 're doing . I tell you , things have changed since I was walking the beat . Yeah , I know . You 'd have won the war on drugs single-handed . You 've become a really angry guy , you know that ? I 'm not trying to pick a fight here . - I know I 'm not perfect . - You 're not even alive . All right , fair enough . I wasn 't perfect . I blame most of that on the job . You get burned out dealing with this crap . Violence , ugliness . It got inside my head . I couldn 't switch it off when I got home . That 's why I drank . It 's why I got nasty sometimes with you and your mother . I 'm not making excuses for myself . I mean- - You seem to need some kind of an explanation for what I did . That 's the best one I can give you . Okay . It 's not anything I didn 't already know , but ... Okay . That dealer we 're looking for , did you say he wears some kind of a high school varsity jacket ? Yeah , why ? I don 't know what you 're so worked up about . You won 't find anything . This wouldn 't happen to be Blink , would it ? And so what if it is ? Blink 's brand-new , man . Feds haven 't even had time to make it illegal yet . Yeah , well , we 'll find time . That 's what we do when people start dying . - So who 's supplying you with this ? - You think I 'd tell you that ? Baldwin . Did Jarvis say what this is about ? No . Just that there 'd been some break in the case . These are the agents that were affected ? This is Tom Baldwin , Diana Skouris . They were compromised yesterday . Oh , I am so sorry about all this . You were drugged against your will . And those young people committing suicide ... It 's all so terrible . Ma 'am , who are you ? My name is Naomi Bonderman . It 's my ability that did this to you . I caused all this . One day , about three months ago , I woke up with what I thought were sweaty palms . Then I realized it wasn 't sweat . It was some kind of oil , I suppose you 'd call it . And that 's when I first saw my sister . This sister of yours , you hadn 't seen her for a while ? Ruth 's been dead for 30 years . And there she was , standing at the foot of my bed . We were never close . But once I realized I hadn 't gone completely batty , we had a very nice visit . Finally , after all these years , we worked things out between us . In the morning , she was gone . And then I touched Gordon 's hand . Gordon ? Is that your husband ? No , my mailman . And that night , he was visited by some Army buddy of his who was wounded in the first Gulf War . That 's when I started wearing my gloves . Mrs. Bonderman , have you any idea how your ability came to be sold on the streets ? At first I had no idea . But now , I think it had something to do with my fried chicken . I use a lot of herbs in my cooking . I grow them myself . That 's the only place I don 't wear my gloves , when I 'm working in the garden . And the herbs absorbed the oil from your hands . My family had come over for Sunday dinner . And that night , they all started having their own encounters . It was very emotional for everyone . But it all seemed to work out for the best . No one died or anything . Could someone have gotten ahold of these herbs , used them to make this drug ? That must have been what happened . The Tuesday after the dinner , I went out to water , and all of my plants were gone . Pulled out . Someone stole the herbs from your garden , someone who knew the effect they could have . I had hoped one day my ability might be used as a kind of therapy to help people . But now it 's being sold on the street and people are dying . It 's just horrible . Mrs. Bonderman , have you any sense of how long these visions usually last ? Sometimes the visitors stay for days , weeks even . I know one thing , though . The more you ignore them , the longer they stay , and the more insistent they become . I know we 're officially on medical leave , but I thought I might check out that address we got from the delivery company . Try and find out who sent the cookies . You wanna come along ? I was gonna stop by Mrs. Bonderman 's house , go over the guest list from that dinner . She seemed a little vague about who was there . Think one of them might have gone into business with Grandma 's recipe ? That 's a place to start . Isabelle , this has to stop . You can 't force me to marry you . - You 've got cold feet . I read about this . - No . It 's not cold feet . I want you to understand this is not gonna happen . I 'm not gonna marry you . And if you can 't accept that , if you wanna hurt me for rejecting you , you go ahead and do it . I 'm right here . Let 's get it over with . I would never hurt you , Shawn . That 's good to hear . Okay , we 're clear , right ? It 's over between the two of us . You once told me that good and evil was a choice . One you get to make . Well , right now , I 'm at a place where I have to make that choice . And I 'm afraid if I lose you , I 'm going to make the wrong one . Who are you gonna threaten this time ? My mom ? Shawn , I 'm not threatening anyone . - I 'm asking for your help . - My help ? There are things I was sent here to do . Brutal things . Your mother and millions of other people could die because of me . I don 't know how you could know that , but it doesn 't have to happen that way . - You can fight it . - That 's what I 'm trying to do . That 's why you and me , we need to be together . Because I think you 're the only one who can stop me . You sure this is the place ? Yeah . Stood right here , guy came out from the back , handed me the cookies . That was it . The management company said that this office has been vacant for eight months . You said these guys are drug dealers , right ? I mean , maybe they move around a lot . Maybe they operate out of a whole bunch of different places . The man who gave you the cookies , you don 't remember anything about him ? I wasn 't really paying attention . If I saw him again , maybe . Look , since no one 's here , can I go ? I gotta get back to work . Yeah , sure . Thanks for trying . Call me if something comes to you . Sure . Is that a clue ? I 'm trying to work here . You know what ? This isn 't fun for me either . I 've got my job too . There must be something that you wanna say to me . - What , you wanna talk about old times ? - Old times ? You cheated on me two weeks before the wedding . - Who does something like that ? - Figured you 'd still be mad about that . Oh , it took me forever to get over what you did . The hurt , the betrayal . But I did it . I put you behind me . I moved on . And I 'm not interested in a single thing you have to say . Josh ? Are we done ? Anybody could get over that fence . Thanks for pointing that out . Remember when you were a kid , you used to help me mow the lawn ? I remember you yelling at me for missing spots . I wanted you to do a good job . Take pride in your work . Be a man . Yeah , well , it worked . No matter what the situation , I just think about what you would do and I do the opposite . Never failed . That 's my Tommy . He 's got all the answers , huh ? When it comes to you , I do . All right then , answer me this . The last time I went in the hospital , the time I didn 't make it out , why didn 't you come see me ? It 's a simple question , Tom . Agent Baldwin , would you like some iced tea ? Let 's see , there were Barry , Kathleen and the twins- - Oh , and they cried all through dinner . - -Philip and his new girlfriend . Oh , I 'm afraid I don 't remember her name . Roger and Julie . Oh , I 'm sorry . Julie was sick that day . Sinus headache . She gets them all the time . - That 's my grandson Randy . - He works for door-to-door delivery ? - He 's still finding himself . - Does he know about your ability ? Oh , of course he does . He was here at that dinner . He had two helpings of chicken . The neighbor says Randy left a few hours ago . No idea where he went . We know he 's not at work . I 'm gonna check the bedroom , see if I can find an address book . Don 't you guys ever stop for lunch ? I thought I 'd gotten rid of you . No , no , no . We still have some ground to cover . You know that thing that you said about how you 've moved on , that you put me behind you ? You know , I 'm not really sure I 'm buying it . I don 't care . Well , maybe not . But if you 're so over me , how come you haven 't had a single serious relationship since we broke up ? I have had plenty of serious relationships . Ones that were a lot more respectful and successful than the one I had with you . - You wanna name one ? - What do you call Marco ? I 'd call him a very sweet guy who 'd do anything for you . You could learn something from him . Still , it 's a relationship with no future and you know it . That 's why you 're with him . Look , I have no idea what kind of future I 've got with Marco . We haven 't been going out that long . So you 're gonna go out for a couple months , and then when he pushes you for a commitment , you 're gonna finally tell him the truth : That there isn 't any chemistry . That you 're not right for each other . All things you already know . Is that really the way I treat the guys I date ? Di , you 're an amazing woman , and I blew it . What I did to you was cruel , but you can 't keep protecting yourself forever . It 's not fair to you . It 's not fair to Marco . Offhand , I 'd say somebody 's been doing some baking . Yeah , but where did all the cookies go ? Look , buddy , I know you 're busy , but you never answered my question . Why didn 't you come see me when I was dying ? Dad , I really can 't talk about this now . It 's not my favorite memory either . Well , so let 's get it over and done with . I 'll leave you alone . You mean if I tell you , that 's it ? We 're done ? You 're gone ? Be a step in the right direction . I was in Baltimore working on a case for the Bureau . When I got the call from Mom , I booked a flight home . I was all set to go , but then the case heated up and I missed my plane . By the time I could get another , it was too late . I asked you for the truth , Tommy . You 're just giving me excuses . You want the truth ? I stayed away as a favor to you . You didn 't want me there , Dad . Whatever I 'd say , whatever I 'd do , it 'd only piss you off like always . I figured my not being there would make it easier for you . I let you die in peace . I wanted to see you one last time . You 're my son , Tommy . I love you . Yeah , well , that 's nice to hear , but it 's a little too late . I know . It was my fault . I 'm sorry . But I did want you there , Tommy . You were wrong about me , about how I felt . Maybe you 're wrong about some other things . I hope you 're gonna show me a cabinet filled with cookies . I wish . I think he took them with him . You better take a look at that . I found it wedged behind the dresser . Looks like he kept a record of everyone he dosed . Think it 's some kind of enemies list ? He 's trying to get back at all these people ? Diana . That 's the food fair . It starts today . Now we know where he took the cookies . Tom . Stop ! Get up . - Where are the rest of the cookies ? - There aren 't any more . I swear . He 's only just opened the box . Looks like we made it just in time . Diana . Go . Nice work , you two . NTAC Medical is gonna be busy for some time . We 'll keep them under observation , get them some counseling . I take it you both have been too busy ignoring your medical leave to deal with your own situations . We figured first things first . Yeah , I know . If my dad showed up , I 'd be spending a lot of time at work too . But now , I want you both to go home and deal with this thing . If you feel you can 't , we 'll book you adjoining suites at NTAC Medical . Okay ? I just want you to know , I never meant to hurt anyone . Tell that to Erika Lundgren and the others who died . I 'm really sorry about that . Honestly . But all I did was give them a chance to deal with their problems . You know , face to face . I just wanted to share the enlightenment . I guess they couldn 't handle it . Well , I don 't get the connection . Why send the cookies to us ? What are you talking about ? You guys exposed the promicin scandal . You saved my grandmother 's life . It was a gift . My way of saying thank you . " Thank you " ? I guess no good deed ever goes unpunished , huh ? All this stuff Isabelle told you , sure she wasn 't making it up , scaring you ? Trying to keep you close ? Because I 'm telling you , Shawn , this sounds crazy . I can heal people . You can move things with your mind . We live in a crazy world . When she was a baby , even younger , when she was in her mother 's womb , I knew she was different . Dangerous . Richard , if I believed that staying with Isabelle would save all those lives , I would marry her tomorrow . But what happens a month from now ? Or a year ? What happens if she gets tired of me ? Or I make her angry ? I get it . But marrying her is not the answer . We gotta find another way to stop her . She 's my daughter , Shawn . What would you have me do ? Hey , I was out with some of the guys . I came right over as soon as I got your voice mail . You okay ? I picked up some Italian on the way here . Don 't be nice to me . I don 't like the sound of that . I know this isn 't pleasant , but you 're doing the right thing . Does this mean we can say goodbye ? As a matter of fact , it does . Try not to miss me , Di . I won 't . Goodbye ? You mean you 're leaving ? All I 've been doing is making you miserable . I figure I did enough of that when you were a kid growing up . Yeah , we 're done here . Made about as much progress as we can make . You take care . I 'd shake your hand but it doesn 't work that way . Dad ? You know what I said before about ... Why missing that flight home was a favor to you ? That wasn 't true . I never thought it was . I did it for me . Just the idea of standing around that hospital room watching you die , with all that anger still between us , knowing that we 'd never work it out , that we 'd ... We 'd never be as close as I wanted us to be ? I couldn 't do it . It 's okay , Tommy . I didn 't deserve to have you there . I should have been there anyway . I 'm sorry . The clock just ran out on us , huh ? Well , I guess there 's no clock now , is there ? I got all the time in the world . Not that we have to use it . Why don 't you come and sit down ? - Tommy , we don 't have to do this . - I know . Why don 't you ... ? Why don 't you just come back in the kitchen and park it , okay ? I never liked eating alone . Nothing worse . So , what do you wanna talk about ? Happy now ? You tried . Didn 't work . You can 't kill me , Shawn . I guess we 're gonna get married after all .
