 ANNOUNCER : Previously on Fringe : There is one than one of everything . OLIVIA : Who the hell is this guy ? BROYLES : We 're recorded him at over three dozen scenes , all of which relate to the Pattern . Why ? What is he doing ? BROYLES : Watching . Observing . We refer to him as the Observer . WALTER : We were dead , Peter . Until someone grabbed me . We were saved , both of us , by a man that I had never met . You talk to him ? He wouldn 't be any use to you . He just observes . I have said too much . I 'm not supposed to get involved . [ beeping ] MAN : Nice specs . I 've never seen anything like them before . They 're from somewhere far away . I don 't have any money . Oh , that 's okay . I 'm gonna give you one of these anyway . There . Oh , that 's great . Thank you . [ snaps binoculars shut ] [ girls laughing ] Come with me , please . Excuse me ? What are you doing ? Get off me ! What are you doing ? Help me . Help me . - Hey ! - Let go . Help me . MAN : Let go ! - Let her go . - Somebody help me , please ! - [ gunshot ] Somebody . Help ! Please help me . Help me . Please . Help me ! Help . Somebody . [ gasps ] Stop ! Stop . [ gunshot ] [ gunfire ] - [ gun clicking ] - [ car door shuts ] [ engine turns over ] [ wheels screeching ] " August " Morning . [ chuckles ] Good morning , funny face . You ready for our day ? Yep . This is the map Mom left for us . There 's four rollercoasters . Oh , no , no , no . We agreed . No rollercoasters . You can go on any other ride you like , but no rollercoasters 'cause I am scared of the rollercoasters . [ giggles ] Oh , you think that 's funny ? You think that that is funny ? Okay , no rollercoasters . - [ laughs ] - [ cell phone rings ] Hang on . Dunham . Where ? Uh , no , I 'll tell Walter and Peter . So . We 're gonna have to take a rain check . That 's okay , Aunt Liv . I know you have an important job . Well , I 'm gonna call the Jacobsens and see if they can babysit . And then I 'll- - - Make pancakes ? - Yes . [ laughs ] And I 'll make you pancakes . - [ birds chirping ] - [ dogs barking in distance ] Are you sure it was him ? Uh , we don 't have the security footage yet , but an eyewitness said that he was wearing a gray suit and a hat , " One of those old ones from the ' 60s . " You don 't have any information on the girl ? No . The police showed her picture around the museum , but no one knew who she was . Hey , is Walter awake ? [ scoffs ] Oh , yeah . - He 's in- - - [ blender turns on ] the kitchen . And talking to him 's not gonna be easy . Why ? Walter ! We have company . Oh , hello , Agent Dunham . Walter , hey . I need you to tell me what you know about the man we call " the Observer . " You once referred to him as your friend . And it seems that he may have kidnapped a woman . They call it " the Strawberry Supreme . " His favorite ice cream store is shut down . He made me wait in line with him for four hours yesterday just so he could have one last milkshake . They have a secret ingredient . It 's- - It 's mundane but it 's- - Oh , it 's sublime . And I am trying to stimulate my olfactory and gustatory senses to try to recreate it . Walter ? Can you come with me ? We 've recorded him at over three dozen fringe events . Do you remember him ? Of course . But there 's nothing more than I 've told you before . Peter and I were in a car crash . In a frozen lake , when I was a boy . We were drowning , and ... he dove in and saved us . But you say he 's kidnapped a woman ? We think he may have . Why ? What are you thinking , Walter ? ASTRID : Hey , guys ? The footage from the abduction has been downloaded . Also , the police found a book on a bench by the museum that had some kind of weird writing in it . And they think it was his ? Well , they don 't know , but Agent Broyles is sending it over . Have we I.D. ' ed the victim ? No , not yet . Wait a minute , Astrid . Can you zoom in ? [ typing on keyboard ] Now freeze it . Peter , that isn 't him . That 's a different guy . There 's more than one observer . [ typing ] Stop . Ho--hold on . What just happened right there ? [ typing ] Was he hit ? [ typing ] Who are these people ? - Please don 't hurt me . - Please don 't hurt me . - Why are you doing this ? - Why are you doing this ? - Please let me go . - Please let me go . - I promise I won 't tell anyone . - I promise I won 't tell anyone . - You don 't have to do this to me . - You don 't have to do this to me . - Please . - Please . It will be safer ... if you stay quiet . BROYLES : Her name 's Christine Hollis . 27 years old in the masters program for Fine Arts at B.U. As far as we can tell , she 's no one special . Her parents are deceased . No siblings , no arrest record . $ 2,700 in her bank account . Nothing unusual about her at all . Well , do we have a home address ? We 're working on it now . Assuming she 's still alive . We have no reason yet to think otherwise . Well , that 's just it , isn 't it ? I mean , we don 't know what to think . I--I 'm lost . 24 years ago , one of them saved Walter and Peter . Walter doesn 't know why , or he can 't remember . But beyond that , everything we know about these guys , the little that there is suggests that they just watch . They don 't get involved . But now ... Figure out why he took this girl . What makes her the exception . Do that , and I think you 'll find him . PETER : Hey , I think we may have a lead on the Observer . Walter . Look at this . In his book . I think that might be blood . You might be right , son . The scalpel , please . Did he ever tell you why he saved us ? The Observer . No . We 're close , Walter . Whatever 's going on , whatever William Bell was warning Olivia about , these people have the answers , I know it . - I can feel it . - Mm-hmm . This does not make any sense . What ? His handwriting . [ beeping ] So far , I have counted 1,246 distinct characters and not a single one of them - repeats . - All right . Not all of us majored in linguistics . It means that every written language is based on repetition . So without repeated symbols , language is not possible . Well , maybe it 's a code . Maybe . But if so , it is the most complicated code I have ever seen . The computer can 't make any sense of this either . [ door closes ] Hey , what you got ? Nothing concrete on the symbols yet . But we found a blood sample in the book . The kidnapper 's blood ? Not sure . Walter 's analyzing it now . Walter . Well , we can 't be certain till we run the labs , but I 've noticed the blood has an orange tint , perhaps a sign of hemophilia . Well , if it is his blood and if he 's a hemophiliac , then maybe he was treated in a hospital , so there could be a record . I 'll call Broyles . Have him put together a list of all the known hemophiliacs in the area . Hey , guys , I think I found something . It looks like someone else has been investigating these symbols too . OLIVIA : What ? Who is it ? Yeah , these things have been blowing my mind for a while now . Do you see the little half-circle with wings ? That appears on a cuneiform tablet at the Iraqi National Museum . It 's one of mankind 's earliest attempts at writing . And , uh , do you see this little triangular curlycue thingie ? That 's etched on the Iron Pillar of Delhi . 900 , B.C. It 's pretty weird , right ? So Nina Sharp says you 're FBI too . Uh ... you don 't look FBI . So you have no idea what any of them mean . - What the symbols mean ? - Yeah . No , I have no idea . But I found something else . We all remember Paul Revere 's ride , " One if by land , two if by sea , " but before that , he was famous for his engraving of the Boston Massacre . 1770 . Oh , come on . Well , that could be anybody . - [ hits key ] - [ beep ] Marie Antoinette . 1793 . - [ hits key ] - [ beep ] Sarajevo , 1914 . Minutes before Archduke Franz Ferdinand was shot , kicking off World War I. So they have been around forever . Or else , they 're not limited by our human perception of time . Are you with me ? We think of time as linear , right ? Life is a journey . You 're born , and then you die . And to get from one end to the other , there 's only one way through . Unless ... you look at it like this ... and then ... you can see at any point . It 's all happening at once . So they 're traveling through time . No . It 's more like they 're observing time . I think these guys show up at important moments . Um , historical , technological , scientific . But it 's rare . Maybe two dozen different definite occurrences in the past 5,000 years of human history . But recently , I 've charted 26 sightings in the past three months alone . It kind of makes you wonder . Why now ? And what 's about to happen . More hot sauce , gentlemen ? - Thank you . - Sure thing . We have a situation with August . - Who is she ? - I don 't know . But she 's supposed to be on Tropos Air , Flight 821 . Why did he abduct her ? We don 't know . And the flight has already left the terminal . Then he 's created an irregularity . We 'll need to repair it . Contact Donald . [ cell phone ringing ] [ printer noises ] [ cocking gun ] - [ birds chirping ] - [ bell toll ] WOMAN : I just don 't understand it . Why would anyone want to kidnap Christine ? Well , that 's what we 're trying to figure out . So you two aren 't roommates . No . We 're friends . Taking a bunch of sculpture classes together . I 'm subletting her room while she 's away . Was supposed to be away . Where was she supposed to be ? Italy . She was supposed to fly today . She was gonna spend the semester studying ceramics in Rome . Well , do you have a copy of her itinerary ? Her flight to Rome , or ... maybe where she was gonna be staying ? She emailed me one . I can print out a copy for you . Is this Christine ? Yeah . It 's a terrible story , actually . Her family was visiting relatives in San Francisco . A few hours after that photo was taken , there was a big earthquake . The one in ' 89 ? They were driving on that bridge when it happened , when it collapsed . Her parents were both killed . That 's the last photo she has of them . I 'll , um , get you her travel information . Take a look at this . Behind the father . [ struggling ] Come on . [ groans ] [ muffled voice ] Come on ! [ wood splinters ] [ door opens ] I thought you might be hungry . You 've hurt yourself . Why are you doing this ? What do you want from me ? It would be easier to show you . WOMAN : Popularity polls continue to show huge support for the president as the economy rallies and terrorism declines . The poll found that 63 % of Americans are happy with the president ... It will be just a minute now . And believe he will continue to find ways to improve the economy and generate new jobs . [ rock music playing ] [ chord chimes in ] Phone . COMPUTER VOICE : Phone . Please say a command . Call the Jacobsens . Calling the Jacobsens . Whatever these Observers do to keep from aging , they should market it . They 'd make a fortune . So what does it mean , that he has been keeping tabs on this girl for 20 years ? MAN : Hello ? Oh , Ken , hi . It 's Olivia Dunham . I 'm just calling to check in and say hi to my niece . KEN : Oh . Jane just took her out for ice cream . You want me to call her and have her- - Uh , no , no , uh- - Just let her know that I called . KEN : Sure thing . Rachel 's out of town ? Yeah . For the weekend . And ? And what ? You do that thing with your mouth when you 're upset . [ chuckles ] Oh , it 's- - Ella and I had this whole day at the amusement park planned , and then dinner after . She was completely understanding when I told her that I had to work . When my mom took me to my first movie when I was six , I was so excited . She bought me a box of popcorn , and ... we took our seats . You know , they used to have that curtain before the movie started ? It was this beautiful red velvet . We sat there eating popcorn . And after a couple minutes , I turned to her and said , " Mommy , this is the best movie ever . " I didn 't understand that it hadn 't started . It 's one of my favorite memories of my mother . Don 't worry , you 'll make plenty of memories with Ella . MAN : New information on Tropos Air Flight 821 , which crashed into the Atlantic Ocean two hours outside Rome , Italy . The plane contained 211 passengers and six crew members , all of whom are assumed to be dead . - Flight 821 departed ... - What ? International airport at 10 : 45 AM , - Eastern Standard Time . - Okay , Christine 's itinerary , it 's just in my glove box . ... At the Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport early this morning . The plane was in the air- - PETER : Flight 821 . Boston to Rome . She was supposed to be on that flight . WOMAN : Rescue teams and divers continue to scour the wreckage . We will continue to bring you live coverage of this disaster as it comes across our desk . Representatives of Tropos Air ... You were going to die . We will bring you live coverage just as soon as it happens . Right now , what you 're- - I saved you . How did you- - You 're not safe . Yet . There is something I need to do . I have to go out . I would prefer not to gag you . But it is for your own protection . OLIVIA : What if he did ? I mean , what if he somehow knew the plane was gonna crash ? So you think this Brandon guy was right ? That they can see the events before they happen . I 'm sorry , what plane crash ? Christine Hollis was supposed to be on a plane that crashed just off the coast of Italy . - 200 people were killed . - Oh , dear . I mean , what if he wasn 't trying to kidnap her ? What if he was trying to save her life ? What is so special about her ? Why save her ? Why did one of them save us ? ASTRID : Walter . I 've got the results of the blood sample from the book . Oh . Oh . [ chuckles ] High concentration of Capsaicin . Which means it 's not blood at all , it 's chili pepper juice . He must have spilled some in the book . Well , that 's great news . So we 'll add " messy " to the APB . No , it is good news . Concentration at 970,000 on the Scoville scale , that 's one of the hottest chili peppers there is . I hypothesize a Naga Jolokia from India , otherwise known as the King Cobra chili . I once ate one . The flatulence was horrible . Very embarrassing . Walter . Are these peppers sold in Boston ? Oh , I--I imagine so . Though I don 't suspect one could grow them here . Astrid ? Locate anyone who 's importing those peppers locally . Got it . ( " Ragubathi Raghav " playing ) Well . It appears you 've been busy . Your actions took us all by surprise . I take it you 've come here to explain yourself . Then you are aware of the plane crash . Of course . Christine Hollis . Who is she ? I have observed this woman for much of her life . She is unique . They are all unique . That is not reason to interfere with the course her life was meant to take . We have interfered before . Only to correct a mistake of our own making . She has no future . Then why do I see it ? Why do I see that she is important ? Your perception must be in error . Perhaps . Your oversight will be forgiven , but Miss Hollis must be corrected . We 've already seen to it . PETER : You should eat something . Thanks . You know , if there 's something significant about this girl , I just don 't see it . After her parents died , she was taken in by her mother 's best friend , who was a veterinarian in Worcester . She got decent grades in college , and interned at art galleries in the summer . I think she 's just like anyone else . ASTRID : Hey , guys ? I think I found something . There 's King Cobra chilis . Three Boston restaurants imported them last year , and one private citizen . - Who ? - I don 't know . He paid with a money order . But we have an address . It 's an apartment in Cambridge . Well , can you give the address to Broyles and get him to have a back-up team standing by in case we need them ? Sure thing . Taste this , please . No . That 's what I was afraid of . Wh- - What is that ? French vanilla ice cream and cough syrup . Well , no , no , you see- - I suspect that this- - The secret ingredient is wild cherries , and I didn 't have any fresh cherries . Unless you 'd make a trip to the market . If I do , I am no longer your taste tester . Ooh . Deal . [ indistinct chatter ] You got my message . I suspected that a likeness of a nitrogen molecule would attract your attention . Please don 't take my son . Your friend and I had a deal . We had an arrangement . I know what I did was wrong , but- - That is not why I contacted you . I need your help . My help ? Well . In that case , I should call him . And Agent Dunham . They 'll want to know I 'm talking to you . I suspect that they might be occupied right now . [ clacking sounds ] [ squeaking sounds ] [ clacking sounds ] [ squeaking sounds ] [ clacking sounds ] On your knees . Down on the ground . [ cocks gun ] Take it easy . Take it easy . Take it easy . [ indistinct chatter ] What is it that requires my help ? I have interfered in the natural course of events . To correct that , the others will try to kill Christine Hollis until they succeed . If we run , they will find us . If I stop the assassin , they will send another . I cannot see any course of action that will prevent ... her death . What makes you think I can help ? Because you have solved such a matter before . You saw beyond the limitations of your problems . Not really . I just missed my son . May I ask what is so important about Miss Hollis ? I cannot explain the reason . I merely see it . I have never experienced such ... certainty . But the others , they say she is of no consequence . Well , in that case , if you cannot persuade the others of your conviction , then you must do something to prove it . You must make her important . And of course whatever you do , you must be prepared to face the consequences . The gunman leave a trail ? No . I called in his description to the P.D. , but I expect he 's long gone by now . Broyles is sending in a CSU team to dust this place for fingerprints . Well , I doubt he 's gonna show up on any databases . At least none from this century . What do you mean ? What that guy Brandon said about them being around for a long time , 1884 ? Apparently , it was a great year for blubber . What ? What is it ? Do you ... trust me ? Yes . Then you must do exactly ... as I say . AGENT : So far , we just pulled two off the door . We got a possible match over here . Any ideas ? What are they looking for ? We 're looking for them , but they 're looking for something too . That 's why they keep on showing up . [ cell phone rings ] So what are they looking for ? Dunham . Where ? Someone just called in a description of our second Observer . He was spotted at a motel in Lowell . [ electronic whir ] What are you doing ? Tell me where she is . Just tell me where she is . You know I 'm just trying to do my job . I have no quarrel with you . Are you insane ? Good-bye . [ silenced gunshots ] [ gasping ] FBI ! [ gunshots ] [ grunts ] [ overhead footsteps ] - [ electronic whir ] - [ gunshots ] Christine Hollis ? Christine ? Christine Hollis ? Christine . I 'm Agent Olivia Dunham . I 'm with the FBI . It 's gonna be all right . What about the man ? The one who took me ? Let 's get you home . Will she be safe now ? Who is she ? Why did you save her ? I saw her many years ago . She was a child . Her parents had just been killed . She was crying . But she ... She was brave . She crossed my mind ... somehow . She never left it . I think ... It 's what they call ... feelings . I think ... I love her . Will she be safe now ? Yes . You made her important . She is responsible for the death of one of us . CHRISTINE : So who was he ? How am I supposed to make sense of any of this ? Him , the plane , the guy who came after us . Did he say anything to you ? Anything ? Did he tell you why he saved you ? No . WALTER : He ... He asked me to give you something . The bald man . In the event that he couldn 't . My dad ... won this for me playing skee-ball . I was holding on to it in the backseat when the bridge collapsed . Christine . I think you 'll be safe now . Hmm ? When did you see the Observer ? And why didn 't you tell me ? What do you mean ? I just did tell you . No , that 's not good enough . We are so close . I can 't let these guys get away again . They have the answers . I know they do . Don 't worry , son . You will get your answer . Why don 't we go for a long drive together ? Perhaps to pick up a Tutti Frutti milkshake . BROYLES : The man you shot was named Donald Long . Ballistics tied his gun to six unsolved homicides up and down the East Coast . The earliest one dates back ten years . - An assassin . - Maybe . Well , do we know who hired him this time ? We don 't know . Nothing in his car or on his person gave any indication . What about the Observer 's gun ? Our techs had never seen anything like it . They can 't seem to make it fire . The best we can figure , Peter shot off the last round . There 's one more thing . The tip-off that the Observer was spotted at that motel , it was called in from one of the motel phones . What if he was trying to protect Christine ? And if he realized he couldn 't do it on his own ? Yeah . That 's what I thought . If it 's okay with you , I--I 'd like to take the rest of the day off . Sure . Big plans ? Yeah . Don 't worry , Aunt Liv . I 'll hold your hand . [ giggles ] You 'd better . Oh , I 'm not gonna- - No , no , no , no ! [ laughs ] [ both screaming ] [ laughing ] [ screaming ] [ giggling ] Look how happy she is . It 's a shame things are about to get so hard for her . [ screaming ]
