 The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 : You are the alternative we need to Collier and his promicin-pushing radicals . Does that mean you 'll run for city council ? That means I 'm gonna run and I 'm gonna win . I intend on attacking you until the day of the election . There are a lot of people out there that are afraid of what you represent . I have my eye on something greater than just city council . - You hate all the 4400 . - So what if I do ? I have a reason to believe that you 're capable of terrible things and that you have an evil living inside of you . I 'm supposed to eliminate the 4400 . All this talk of a catastrophe the 4400 are supposed to prevent ? - It 's lies . - So you keep telling me . Everything in that book is going to come true . Collier will lead the human race to salvation . You will help him . I found the guy for the job . His name 's Robert Shaftoe . Ex-Marine . Deadeye sniper . He did some work for our organization out of Kansas City . If you want someone killed until they 're completely dead , then Shaftoe 's your man . Sounds good . Bring him in . Are you sure you wanna go through with this ? Because once I bring Shaftoe through that door , there 's no going back . The target is a dead man . - Completely . - Oh , my God . Come on . The acting , the dialogue , this is horrendous . - Marco , why are we watching this ? - Okay , the best part 's coming up . The assignment is dangerous . In fact , it might be the most dangerous assignment you 've ever been assigned . But if you succeed , the danger will be worth it . And the rewards ? They will be worth the danger . Danger is my business . Consider the target dead . Completely dead . That 's our guy . That 's Curtis Peck . He 's an original-recipe 4400 ? Correction . He 's our favorite original-recipe 4400 . Before he disappeared , Curtis wrote , directed and starred in horror movies . Real low-budget stuff . Yeah , the sets were mostly in his house . The actors ? Yeah , pretty much just his friends and family . Really ? I never would 've guessed . After he came back , Curtis kept on making movies but he shifted genres . Each one of his movies is about an unsolved mystery . He did one about Jimmy Hoffa 's disappearance . He filmed a costume drama in his backyard about the lost colonies at Roanoke . You just saw his take on JFK 's assassination . That 's great , Marco . I 'm glad this guy has a hobby . It 's not just a hobby . Some people think that making these films - is Curtis ' 4400 ability . - Come on , guys . You 're not telling us that that movie tells us what really happened to President Kennedy ? Look , there 's no way to know for sure . But I mean , there really is an ex-marine named Robert Shaftoe and he really was in Dallas on November 22nd , 1 963 . You can 't prove Curtis is right but you also can 't deny that his theories are compelling . Some people wanna think everything is a conspiracy and this guy is really appealing to them . But we 've got a lot of stuff on our plate and we just don 't have time to look into something that might be a 4400 ability . I don 't think I could sit through another of those . Whoa , whoa , look . We didn 't ask you down here to tell you about his ability . Curtis disappeared . Nobody can find him . About ten days ago , he stopped posting on his MySpace page . We noticed , so we tried to get in touch with him . He 's not picking up the phone . He 's not answering e-mails . I know . I know . No big deal , right ? I mean , I wasn 't really worried until he missed his last NTAC check-in . Curtis Peck has dropped off the map . Somebody should look into it . - What is this place ? - Don 't know . Cassie just said we should come here . I think it 's an old bomb shelter . We should be safe here . It doesn 't look like anyone 's been here in years . I don 't understand why we came to Seattle . We just led a hundred people into a city where everyone 's looking for us . Nobody has a place to stay . Nobody knows what to do next . Are you telling me this is the answer ? - This place is a mess . - We 'll repair it . Thank you for finding this for us . You have a truly extraordinary ability . Get everyone settled in . This place is perfect . We begin here . How much you wanna bet we 're about to wake up a man with a crushing hangover ? Curtis ? Curtis Peck ? Curtis Peck ? Oh , my . You think someone broke into the place ? Maybe . Or else this guy 's as bad at housekeeping as he is at making movies . It doesn 't look like anything 's missing . His video equipment is here . Yeah . Are you looking for Curtis ? Yes , we are . We 're from NTAC . - Do you know him ? - Of course . I 'm Neal Handler . I live around back . I 'm Curtis ' neighbor . - Okay . - And his collaborator . I 'm proud to say I 've been in more of his movies than anyone else . - Yeah . Yeah . We 've seen your work . - Thank you . I haven 't seen Curtis in a few days . Is he all right ? Well , that 's what we 're trying to find out . Do you know if Curtis had any enemies ? Or anyone who might wanna break into his house ? Enemies . Take your pick . The ClA . The Mafia . The Freemasons . Curtis exposed a lot of people . So you believe his movies are real ? Of course . That 's why they brought him back in a ball of light . To tell the truth to a reluctant world . I 'll tell you what , though , if someone did toss this place , I can guarantee you they didn 't find what they were looking for . Curtis has a secret hiding place . He keeps his journal in there . All his script notes . Could you show it to us ? We just wanna help out your friend , that 's all . We really like his movies too . I mean , we just saw the one on JFK and it was good . You were really good . Okay . Curtis uses those for inspiration . If you 're watching this , then that means I 'm in trouble . Deep trouble . Don 't believe anything you hear about a car accident or a suicide . If I 'm gone , it 's because they came after me . I have an idea for a new movie . It 's big . It 's so big it 's gonna change everything if I get to make it . And that 's what they 're scared of . That 's them . They 're here now . You need to know , Jordan Collier , the 4400 , they 're not the ones you should be scared of . There 's something else out there . There 's something worse . It 's much worse . They 're coming for me now . Consider the target dead . Completely dead . According to Curtis , Jimmy Hoffa is buried in the Florida Everglades . If you believe that , you should read this . I ran a background check on Curtis . He owes money to credit card companies , the irs . He 's three years behind on his alimony payments . I talked to his ex-wife . She moved to Wisconsin just to get away from Curtis . She hasn 't heard from him in nine months . Look , if anybody 's coming after this guy , it should be creditors or movie critics . But he has almost six figures of outstanding debt . Isn 't it possible he just skipped town ? I don 't know . He looked genuinely scared at the end of that video . And I don 't think Curtis is a good enough actor to fake that . Besides , if making movies is really his 4400 ability , aren 't you even just a little bit curious ? Don 't you wanna know what 's bigger than Jordan Collier ? Until we have some evidence that tells me this guy 's legit , all I wanna do is make sure he 's okay . Look at the credits . Ever since Curtis got back , his movies have been produced by a guy called Stuart Henley . I checked him out . He 's a retired lawyer . He lives nearby . Maybe he knows something about Curtis ' latest movie idea . It 's worth a shot . Very least , I 'd like to look into the eyes of the man who put up good money to pay for I Dismembered Jimmy Hoffa . I don 't think my announcement I intend to run for mayor will mean I 'll be spending less time monitoring Shawn Farrell 's candidacy . If anything , I think that the mayor 's office would allow me a stronger platform ... Mr. Farrell , this just came by messenger . Thank you . Joanna ? We 're gonna be working together every day . Call me Shawn . - Okay . - Okay ? Hello . Hey , Shawn . It 's Kyle . Kyle . Where are you ? I 've been worried about you . I 'm fine , man . I 'm better than fine , actually . I 'm as good as I 've been in a long time . Did you get the package ? - You sent this ? - We did . Look , it 's really important , man . You need to read the whole thing before your meeting . What meeting , Kyle ? Jordan 's nearby . He wants to see you . You 're with Jordan ? What does he wanna see me about ? Look , it 's important , okay ? Call me on this number after you finish the book . We 'll send someone to come get you . Mr. Henley ? I can hear a radio playing inside and I swear I heard someone moving around . Mr. Henley ? He 's back here . Hey . Hey . Wait . Hey . Wait . Hey . - Wait , hey . - I promise . I won 't tell anybody . - Don 't kill me . - Just relax . - Nobody 's going to kill you . - We 're from NTAC . We 're just trying to locate Curtis Peck . - You won 't find him . They got to him . - Who are they ? Why did you run from us ? What are you scared of ? The people from Curtis ' movie . - The Marked . - That 's the name of his movie ? Can you tell us about it ? Well , about a month ago , he came to me , said he had an idea for a new movie called The Marked . He said it was his biggest film yet . I was fascinated . So I asked him to make me a short trailer . I like to see what the movie 's about before I write a check . Well , he gave me the trailer about two weeks ago . Do you still have a copy ? Yeah . And you 're more than welcome to it because if what Curtis is saying is true , then I wish to God I had never watched it . This is the world . Look familiar ? It should . And it shouldn 't . We all know it changed forever when the 4400 came back . Their mission ? They were sent back by the future to stop a catastrophe . But not everyone from the future thought they were a good thing . There 's a faction of elites who want the future to stay exactly as it is . I call them the Marked . Ten agents from the future inserted into the bodies of ten prominent people from today . Their bodies and minds have been hijacked to pursue the agenda of the future . Their goal ? To guide world events and to stop the 4400 . The only evidence they exist : a mark behind their left earlobe , the remnant of the procedure that grafted a new consciousness onto their victims . My movie , The Marked , will tell the chilling tale of this global conspiracy . It will name names , starting with the appearance of the first Marked , a man named Matthew Ross . Matthew Ross was a lobbyist with access to Jordan Collier . After he was marked , his job was to guide the Marked 's ultimate weapon , Isabelle Tyler , into accepting her role as the agent of the 4400 's destruction . Isabelle , I told you . You have to accept your role as the agent of the 4400 's destruction . But everything did not go according to plan . I don 't think so , Matthew . Today 's graduation day . And you 're my diploma . But the Marked did not accept defeat lying down . They continue to plan . They have their greedy fingers on the marionette strings of the world . And we , their puppets , don 't even know it . The group gathered for the first time at the behest of Drew Imroth . That 's right . The CEO of the biggest software company in the world . - One of the Marked . - I know it 's dangerous for us all to meet like this . But the information I have is important . Very , very important . It better be important , Mr. Imroth . It 's Easter . Do you know how hard it is to get away from the Vatican at Easter ? Take it down a notch , Your Eminence . I have big news . Jordan Collier is back . And we need to stop him . Completely stop him . The Marked . A direct-market thriller available in all territories in 2008 . I am so buying that movie . So either that 's the ramblings of a madman or Curtis Peck has just exposed the biggest conspiracy of all time . Yeah , according to that movie , Matthew Ross was one of these guys , the Marked . And Isabelle Tyler killed him . And we always wondered if that were true . What about lmroth ? The CEO of Ubient Software is supposed to be some double agent from the future ? Everyone always says that company is trying to take over the world . - Now we know . - The only thing we know for sure is that Curtis Peck is a horrible , horrible filmmaker . Though I do have to admit there are a bunch of questions I 'd like to ask him . But since he 's in the wind , I guess we 'll have to settle for his producer . Get Stuart Henley in here . Mr. Henley , it 's Diana Skouris from NTAC . We need to talk . Can you open up ? Diana . This smells like exhaust . Stand back . No big surprise in the coroner 's preliminary report . Stuart Henley died of carbon monoxide poisoning . There 's no suicide note but there 's no sign of foul play , either . So do you really think he committed suicide ? Henley was an odd guy . I mean , he 'd have to be to pay for Curtis ' movies . So I guess it 's possible . But I don 't know , the timing seems off . Why would he commit suicide right after NTAC got in touch with him ? So , what then ? Executed by the Marked ? I 'm not ready to go there yet . Yeah , me neither . But I 've got a lot of questions . You know Drew lmroth is in that movie . Ubient 's based in Seattle . Maybe we can get in and see him tomorrow morning . And ask him what exactly ? Oh , I got it . Excuse me , when you 're not running the biggest computer company in the world , are you by any chance involved in an enormous intercontinental conspiracy ? Maybe . Maybe . Or maybe we can just ask him whether Curtis Peck ever tried to get in touch with him . - Sounds good . See you tomorrow . - Okay . Okay . - What , you 're not going home ? - No , not for a while . Meghan asked me to put all this in an e-mail . I told her I 'd get it off to her tonight . - Want a hand ? - No , I got it . Go ahead . Spend time with your daughter while she 's still awake . - Thanks . - Good night . Bye . We appreciate you taking the time to meet with us , Mr. Imroth . Really not a problem . I 'm a huge supporter of NTAC . You guys have tough jobs . Please have a seat . I only wish I could be more helpful . I 've never heard of this guy . You said his name was Curtis Peck ? Yeah , that 's right . He 's a 4400 who makes movies . And you , well , you 're a character in his latest film . Really ? Who plays me ? I always hoped it would be Jeff Goldblum . It 's more of a low-budget kind of thing . What 's it about ? Well , it 's interesting . It 's creative . It 's a global conspiracy in which agents from the future have taken over the bodies of prominent people from all around the world . I have to say , I 'm the subject of a lot of conspiracy theories but that 's the most innovative one I 've heard yet . So are you here to ask me if it 's true ? Because you have to figure I wouldn 't tell you even if it was . No , actually we came to see you because Curtis Peck has gone missing . There 's a chance one of his investors have been murdered . Oh , I 'm sorry to hear that . Should I be worried for my own safety ? No , we don 't think so . But if Curtis should try and get in touch with you or if anyone should ask you about a movie called The Marked , could you get in touch with us ? - Absolutely . - Thank you . Is there anything else I can help you with ? Actually , this may seem like a really strange request . Do you think we could take a look behind your left earlobe ? Let me guess . This has something to do with that movie ? Have at it . Has that mole always been there ? Ever since I was born . My dermatologist tells me I have to keep an eye on it . So give it to me straight . Does this mean I 'm one of the- - ? What was the name of that movie ? The Marked ? Kyle , what 's with all the spy-game stuff here ? Am I really this far outside of the Collier circle of trust ? It 's just a precaution . But I need you to promise me that you 're not gonna freak out , okay ? I would just like to take this thing off , please . Hi , Shawn . - What the hell is she doing here ? - She 's with us . It 's okay . She just wanted to talk to you before you saw Jordan . I 'm glad you 're awake . And I 'm sorry . For everything . I know I was wrong . And I know what we had wasn 't love . Yeah , you 're right . It wasn 't . I don 't expect you to forgive me . Ever . But I just needed you to hear it . Well , there 's no one so far gone they can 't find their way back to the movement . Even if I told the world that you were wrong to hand out promicin ? Well , I wasn 't surprised they had you speak against me . Politics is compromise . That 's why I never pursued it myself . I understand that you are wanting to build a bridge between positives and the rest of the world . But , Shawn , I 'm telling you , events are moving past that . We have big plans here . And when we 're finished , the 4400 won 't need the mainstream . - The mainstream will come to us . - Is that what your book told you ? I 've read it . Frankly , it scares me . Are you gonna tell me you 're gonna bring God to the world ? If the word " God " frightens you , substitute " paradise . " We 're gonna make it happen . You should be with us . Yes , but who 's in charge of paradise ? How many martyrs will it take to create it ? Jordan , you 've done great things for the 4400 . You have done great things for me . But you are on the wrong path here . And you 've always been rebellious . But I think you 're afraid of change , Shawn . Or is it just me ? I 'm against anyone who wants to accumulate power , that won 't tell me exactly what they wanna do with it . Not just you , anyone . There 's a man by the name of Gabriel Hewitt . He 's running for mayor . He 's dangerous . Maia Skouris saw him in a vision . He 's in charge of prison camps and they 're rounding up 4400s . Even if I wanted to drop out of the race , even if I wanted to join you , I can 't because I have to stop him . Well , it sounds like you have your hands full already . Good luck in your political career . I 'm sorry . I don 't know , but that birthmark behind lmroth 's ear was definitely shaped like an X. Exactly like the ones in Curtis ' movies . It was weird , yes . But it could be a coincidence . We 're looking for a paranoid 4400 . That doesn 't mean we have to become paranoid ourselves . Tom , this man is here to see you . My name 's Walt Saperstein . I 'm a psychiatrist at Feeney Memorial . - Okay . - I have to bring you to the hospital . You 're being placed under a 72-hour psychiatric hold . What ? Why ? You sent an e-mail last night . It alleged the most powerful people in the world - are united in some conspiracy . - Oh , no . It didn 't allege anything . That 's a summary of our work on a case . Well , nevertheless , someone in Washington read it . They 've reviewed your files . They 're worried you 've had a psychotic break . Shut up . You sent my e-mail on to D.C. ? I do that every time you open a case . I 'm sorry . I never would 've done it if I knew this was gonna happen . - Get your hands off me . - It 's only gonna get worse for you if you put up a fight . It 's only temporary . You need to go with them . We 'll do everything we can to end this quickly . Fine . Well , I don 't understand . What do you mean that no one can get in to see him ? Well , how long is Tom gonna be in isolation ? Okay , forget it . I 'll call back in the morning . Don 't move . - What are you doing down here ? - Don 't shoot me . I 'm the one you 're looking for . Curtis ? You 're alive . I am . If you can keep me that way , I 'll tell you all about the Marked . So how did you find me ? I 've been in hiding ever since I made that movie trailer . I knew they 'd be coming for me . My buddy Neal sent me an e-mail after you and your partner came by my house . He thought I could trust you . What can you tell me about these people ? Well , not everything . I haven 't finished writing the script . That 's how my ability works . Ideas just jump into my head while I 'm writing but I don 't know the whole story until I write the end . Let 's see . They don 't have abilities . The procedure doesn 't work that way . I do know that all ten of them had a meeting in 2005 . It was the only time they were all together . It was in Tunis . It 's a city in North Africa . No other names other than Drew lmroth ? Not yet . That 's why I came to you . I need a safe place where I can write . You 're a fan of my movies . - Cool . - Yeah , I 've seen them all . It 's a pleasure to have you here . Yeah , you can work right there if you want to . Thank you so much , Marco . I really appreciate this . We were careful on the way over here . We weren 't followed . It 's okay . I 'll keep him working . It 's been a while since you 've seen the inside of my place , huh ? We should make a pot of coffee . Do you mind staying up with me ? I like to have somebody I can bounce ideas off . Coffee . Hey , Joanna , I 'm gonna need you to juggle around a couple of my healing appointments for today . What is it ? Gabriel Hewitt had a stroke last night . - What ? - It 's bad . I guess he has brain damage . They 're saying he 's gonna have to resign his seat on the city council and withdraw from the race for mayor . I just got off the phone with the hospital . Tom is fine . If I keep the pressure on , there 's a chance they may end his psych hold a day early . What are you working on ? Do you want me to tell you , or should I just put it in an e-mail ? That 's not fair . I had nothing to do with what happened . If I could 've stopped it , I would 've . Tom 's psych hold had nothing to do with his state of mind . We were getting close to something and they sent us a warning . Who ? The people from Curtis ' movie ? The Marked ? Well , I can 't prove that , but I do know that Drew lmroth was in Tunisia of June 2005 . If the Marked ever gathered , that 's when it happened . The same time Wesley Burke was also there . - The political advisor to the president ? - What was he doing in Africa while the White House was gearing up for mid-term elections ? I don 't know . But he had company . That 's Cardinal Emmanuel Calabria . The rumor is he finished third in the last papal election . This is all interesting but Drew lmroth heads up the world 's largest charitable foundation . He travels to Africa all the time . And these other guys , well , who knows why they were there . Well , I 'm gonna find out . And I 'm also gonna learn who else was there to play that week . Let me know if I can help . The Marked have no way of getting in contact with the future . It 's a one-way ticket . They 're cut off here . Curtis , that 's very interesting , but there are no new names here . We need some facts and things that we can verify . They 'll come . I 'm on a roll . Tom ? Are you okay ? They did something to me , Diana . - They changed me . - Just take it easy . Where are you ? At the hospital . They just let me out . Can you come and get me ? Are you sure it wasn 't there before ? I 'm positive . They did something to me . Those people who came into my room , they were dressed for an operation . They put something into me . What ? Like another person ? Another consciousness ? Hey , Tom , I don 't think it works that way . Curtis is working on his script right now and according to him , the Marked are cut off from the future . They can 't just make more of them . Yeah , but one of them 's dead . Matthew Ross . What if they took whatever was inside of him and put it into me ? No , you can 't be sure of that . Tom , just- - Please just tell me that you 're still you . I think so . I mean , for now , anyway . It 's crap . I can 't get this scene right . They 're at the meeting in Tunisia . They 're face to face for the first time . Imroth is introducing them to each other and ... I know what the scene is . I just can 't nail it . Look , I have to think creatively for my job too . I mean , I share an office with two of the most annoying guys on the planet . Believe me , I get stuck all the time . Know what I do ? I shut my eyes and I think of song lyrics . Sounds dumb , right ? But I swear it almost always works . What are you thinking of ? " The Trooper . " lron Maiden . Hey , whatever gets you going . Be right back . Curtis ? Curtis ? Did you do this ? Did you order one of your followers to give Hewitt a stroke ? Have we grown that far apart ? You actually believe I 'm capable of that ? I don 't know what you 're capable of . All I know is that two days ago , I came and told you that Hewitt was dangerous . Now he has brain damage and he probably won 't have a career . Then it looks like fate intervened on our behalf . - You 're not answering my question . - Because I find it offensive . You 're the one who 's always saying that we 're at war . Why wouldn 't Hewitt just be another casualty ? Just like all those people that died taking your shot . Those people made a choice . They knew the risks . - I knew the risks . - Kyle . I did not order anyone to attack Gabriel Hewitt . I don 't believe you . I can 't begin to tell you how disappointing that is . Well , it 's true . That 's why I can 't follow you anymore . Did you see the license plate on the car that took him away ? I 'm sorry . What do we do now ? We need to tell Meghan . Bring the whole building into this . Hope we find Curtis before the worst happens . Tom . They just told me you were released . Are you okay ? Yeah . Yeah . Pretty much . We were just coming to see you . We need to talk to you about Curtis Peck . He came to me for protection a couple of nights ago . We tried to keep him safe but we lost him . And we think the Marked took him . Guys , Curtis Peck is in the building . He came in about an hour ago . He went straight down to NTAC medical for his checkup . Sorry I had to rush out . I know this is gonna sound weird but I got a call from this big movie producer who 's in town . He 's a big fan of my work . He offered me a deal to direct a big Hollywood movie . Don Incubus , Demon P.I. It 's a comic-book adaptation . It 's perfect for me . I 'm in business , guys . This is what I always wanted . But , Curtis , what about the conspiracy ? What about The Marked ? You were almost done . You were just about to tell us all the names . The names . Look , there are no names . Not really . I made the whole thing up . I 'm putting that project on the shelf . I couldn 't finish it . They got to you . They bought you off , huh ? You really believed that stuff , didn 't you ? Look , I 'm flattered . But you need to calm down . There 's no such thing as the Marked . Just like Robert Shaftoe didn 't shoot JFK . They 're just movies . So I 'm sorry I missed my checkups . It won 't happen again . Can I leave now ? I gotta pack . I 'm going to Hollywood . There 's nothing unusual there . I spent all afternoon at NTAC medical . As far as they can tell , - there 's nothing different with me . - Well , that 's good , Tom . It 's all a mind game . They just want us to back off . It 's not gonna work . We 're gonna find the truth about these people with or without Curtis Peck . Excuse me . Agent Baldwin , Agent Skouris . Sorry for the surprise . I asked my driver to make a detour . I can 't get that crazy movie idea out of my head . What was it called ? The Marked ? You know damn well what it was called . I guess I do . I keep thinking what it would be like to actually be one of those guys . Imagine if you were stuck in the past , just cut off from your friends and your family , that 'd be quite a sacrifice , wouldn 't it ? They sound kind of like heroes to me . Well , heroes don 't have people killed . And they don 't consume the personalities - of innocent men and women . - Well , I don 't know what the Marked are up to . I haven 't seen the movie . You never will know . No one will . Maybe it 's better that way . Seems to me their work would be best done in secret . If they are out there , I would think people like you would consider them , I don 't know , allies ? After all , they have the same goal as you , right ? To stop Jordan Collier 's global revolution and all the chaos and unrest that it could bring . I 'd just think of them as backup . Valuable backup . If ... they exist . That 's right . If they exist . Anyway , it was good to see you two again . I have to pick up my wife . We 're being honored at the World Health Organization tonight . Those look like x-rays . Is everything okay with you ? It didn 't work . Whatever you tried to do to me , it didn 't take . I 'm still me . Of course , you 're you . We 're all ourselves , aren 't we ? I mean , who else would we be ? He made you doubt me , didn 't he ? Your cousin , he made you doubt me . It 's just weird timing . Hewitt 's stroke . If you have something you wanna ask me , Kyle , I 'll answer honestly . Was this you ? Did you have this done ? I did not . I believe you . - I 'm sorry Shawn didn 't . - I 'm sorry too . Shawn was like a son to me . And I 've lost him . But I have found you . Thank you . Don 't thank me . Just change . I think we can rest easy . It 's all going to be fine . Tell the others I went to see the NTAC agents . Baldwin thinks it 's some kind of ploy . A mind game . When we need him , he 'll be there for us .
