 The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 : - Who 's Cassie ? - I 'm Kyle 's ability . Do you ever visit your cousin Shawn ? Maybe someone should try injecting him with a big old dose of promicin . It 's all about to happen . What 's gonna happen ? Thumb through the book if you 'd like . One of them is written in code or something , or- - - Maia , this is my friend Ben . - Heard a lot about you . You saw me getting married to my sister 's boyfriend ? These shots are free . Give them to anyone who wants them . But be careful to explain the risks . There are no guarantees . There never are . Is this seat taken ? It is now . I 'm April , by the way . Peter Barton . So , what 's good tonight ? I recommend the lemon drop martini . Bartender , could I get two more ? Is that okay ? I don 't want you to think I 'm hitting on you or anything . So , what do you do , Peter ? I 'm V.P. of Client Relations for Anexxo . We 're in the Fortune 500 . Energy . Communications . Some defense work . I get it . You 're one of the guys that runs the world . Me ? No , but I work for those guys . So , what brings you to Seattle ? The company 's in the midst of a major project . And they hit a little snag , so I 'm here to do some triage . You 're gonna save the day ? Hopefully . And how are you gonna do that ? I 'm gonna bribe someone to look the other way . I can 't believe I just told you that . Look , do me a favor . Forget what I just said . It 's already forgotten . So how much money are we talking about ? Three hundred thousand dollars . I 'm picking it up tomorrow afternoon . Oh , my god . I don 't know why I 'm telling you all this stuff . Did they put something in this drink ? - Who are you anyway ? - I 'm just a girl you met in the bar . Don 't ask me any more questions , okay ? What room are you in , Peter ? Three-fifteen . What I just told you , don 't repeat it . It would be bad for you , for me , for everyone . Let me guess . - Truth hurts . - It usually does . So , what do we got ? Cheating husband ? - Tax fraud ? - Try corporate intrigue . Try bribery . Try $ 300,000 arriving tomorrow . Room 31 5 . Three hundred grand ? Baby , you 're good . Wow , okay . All right , so we 'll hit him up for 20 percent to keep quiet . That 's 60,000 bucks . Love me ? I do . It 's not like I can lie to you anyways , right ? No , you can 't . No one can . Hey . I 'm glad I remembered this place . I had a lot of fun summers up here when I was a kid . It 's pretty much a ghost town until June , which is a good thing because the whole world is looking for you . Maybe I should just turn myself in . And spend the rest of your life in prison ? I don 't think so . It was no coincidence I was there when that van crashed . I was sent to help you get away . This is all happening for a reason . - And what would that be ? - Truthfully , I 'm not sure yet . Maybe the answers are in this book . I just hope they 're not in this code or whatever this is . Do you believe that Jordan Collier is a messiah ? And that promicin is gonna save the world ? Yeah , I do . Even if that 's true , what does it have to do with me ? My abilities are gone . My body can 't tolerate promicin . I 'm the enemy . I hurt Shawn . I tried to kill Jordan Collier . I did kill Jordan . Believe me . I know what it feels like to be in prison and think you 're never getting out . To feel you 've done things that no one will ever forgive you for . But no one is so far gone that they can 't be forgiven . That they don 't have a role to play in this new world of Jordan Collier 's . I 'm meant to be a part of that world . To help bring it about . And so are you . Colin ? Colin ? You 're a hard woman to find , April . I 've been looking everywhere for you . Well , you found me , Di . Now what are you gonna do with me ? It wasn 't terribly smart using Mom 's maiden name on your credit card . If I 'd known you were gonna look for me , I 'd have been more creative . I can only imagine how pissed off you must have been when you heard I 'd taken the shot . I wasn 't terribly happy about it . You 're right . But you are my sister and I was very worried about you . Besides , I knew you never would have taken the shot if it hadn 't been for what happened between Ben and me . Feeling a little guilty , are we ? Well , don 't . You and Ben may be why I did it , but taking the shot was the right thing for me to do . I 've got money , clothes , a great guy , Colin , who loves me . And a pretty great ability . How many times a week are you and Ben having sex ? Three . Wait . That 's not- - That is none of your business . I know . And you told me anyway . That 's my ability . I ask a question . You tell the truth . Every time . That 's a pretty interesting ability . It doesn 't work on you , does it ? You mean make me tell the truth ? Thankfully , no . What am I gonna do with you , April ? What am I gonna do with you ? Go back to Spain , Di . Any guilt you feel about you and Ben , consider yourself absolved . Enjoy your life . And let me enjoy mine . That 's wonderful , Dad . I 'm so glad you 're walking better . I can 't wait to see it . Look , I have to go . I love you too . Garrity said you wanted to see me . Tom . Have you seen the doctor 's final report on your nephew 's recovery ? Yes , I have . Well , now so has D.C. Those high levels of promicin that were found in his system ? People are wondering where they came from . Yeah , beats me . Come on , Tom . Someone walked into the hospital and gave your nephew a massive dose of promicin . Your sister and your son were the only ones with him at the time . Now I 'm willing to dismiss Susan as a suspect . But I think you need to have a talk with Kyle . Excuse me , Mr. Farrell ? Senator Lenhoff is here to see you . - Senator Lenhoff ? Are you sure ? - She 's sure . I 'm sure . And I can see you 're beginning to believe it yourself . Roland Lenhoff . The devil made flesh . We need to talk . In private . Senator , if you 're here to try to force me to shut down the center again- - Relax , Farrell . I don 't wanna shut this place . Hell . I want you to heal as many people as possible . Which is surprising , I know . After all , I 'm the guy that passed the bill forcing all you 4400s to register your abilities . Yeah , and you were just warming up . I seem to remember one speech where you said that if it were up to you , - we 'd be living behind barbed wire . - I knew you were gonna bring that up . Have a seat . Come on , sit down . I 'll admit I have been waging a kind of war against you . Trouble is I just chaired a committee which is about to issue a 1 600-page report which states , in no uncertain terms , that I 'm losing that war and you are winning it . Promicin isn 't going away . Jordan Collier made damn sure of that . If you 're to sign terms of surrender , I could have some drawn up . Who 's talking about surrender ? I fought in Nam . I have the medals to prove it . And last year I took my wife on vacation to Saigon . I figure if I can make my peace with Charlie , I can make my peace with you . They 're holding a special election to fill a vacant seat on the Seattle City Council . I want you to run for it . City council . Senator , I 'm not a politician . The hell you 're not . You stepped into the spotlight when you reopened the Center . I want you to leverage some of the good work that you 've been doing here into something more . You 're the alternative we need to Collier and his promicin-pushing radicals . You can walk the middle path that will unite both 4400s and non-4400s . And this middle path ? You 're planning on walking it with me ? Right down the center . Probably lose any chance of re-election . My anti-4400 colleagues will see to that . But it 's what the country needs . What the world needs . So , what do you say , Farrell ? Are you ready to dance with the devil ? I mean , you should 've seen that hotel suite . It must have run at 6 or $ 700 a night . The dress , the shoes , moving around from city to city . This ability of hers , however she 's using it , she 's just gonna get herself into trouble . What are you smiling about ? Diana , come on . April 's alive . The shot didn 't kill her . She 's not even living on the street . Hey , she 's even involved with a guy . This is a win . This doesn 't feel like a win . She 's gonna screw up . NTAC are gonna get ahold of her . Then what ? Diana , look , listen to me . Come here for a second . You traveled 6,000 miles to find your sister , right ? You offered her help . She refused . It 's over . And now we can move back to Spain . I guess we can . - You guess ? - No , I mean- - I mean , we will . It will take a little time . - I mean , the whole work thing . - Come on . It 's not that complicated . All you gotta do is go in there . Turn in your gun and your badge and we 're on a plane by tomorrow . I can 't just do that . Not to Tom , to Meghan . You just give me a week or so and then we 're out of here . - We 'll tell Maia tonight . - Yeah . As soon as we get home . You sure you don 't want me to go with you to pick up the money ? No , you 'll just freak the guy out . Barton knows you put some kind of whammy on him , right ? - Babe , what 's the matter ? - Nothing . Thinking about your sister ? I just can 't believe she came all that way to look for me . I didn 't think she cared enough . April , she 's a judgmental bitch and I say good riddance . All right ? Besides , you don 't need her anymore . You 've got me . - Yeah . - Yeah . So , what do you say we meet in the bar a little after 7 for a celebratory cocktail ? - Okay . - Okay . Hey , where are we off to next ? Figured we 'd go crash my brother in South Beach . He just moved there from Phoenix . Jeff says there 's money to be made in Miami . People there are holding on to all kinds of dirty little secrets . Dirty little secrets . Kyle . You got a minute , buddy ? Not really . I 'm meeting some friends . It 's about Shawn . What about him ? The way he woke up from his coma , with all that promicin in him ... People are starting to wonder if you had something to do with it . By people , do you mean NTAC ? What exactly are you accusing me of , Dad ? I 'm not accusing you of anything . I am asking you . The day at the hospital , did you give your cousin a shot of promicin ? No , I didn 't . Kyle , listen to me . If you 're involved in something- - - In what ? - I don 't know . The last few nights - you haven 't come home . - Dad , I am 23 years old . I know that . Kyle , if you 're holding anything back , please , tell me now . I got nothing to say . Except I 'm glad Shawn 's up and about . For all I know , whatever Isabelle zapped him with , it wore off . Or not . I guess we 'll never know the truth , will we ? We all got to get used to that . Can I go now ? Kyle- - This is Colin . Leave a message . Colin ? Babe ? It 's Colin . He 's been shot . There was so much blood . Maia , will you go to bed now , please , sweetie . Help me , Di . Please help me . April , did you honestly believe that this guy Barton was just going to hand you over $ 60,000 ? He seemed like such an easy mark . And it 's always worked before . Oh , my God , so that 's how you 've been using your ability . - To blackmail people . - Oh , God . Don 't start lecturing me on right and wrong . - No , it 's a little late for that . - Yeah . It is . - So save your breath . - All right , ladies . Let 's calm down . Let 's just stay calm , okay ? Focus on what 's important right now . Barton . He did it , right ? He killed Colin ? Well , I would say he 's our number one suspect . But this sum , $ 300,000 , that Anexxo is paying out in bribe money , Barton didn 't happen to mention where it was going ? Does it matter ? Colin , the way he looked lying there on the floor ... The hotel suite was in Colin 's name , right ? Yeah . Or one of his names . He used a couple . Okay . And when they find the body , there 's nothing there to connect you to it , is there ? I don 't think so . Ben , will you stay here ? - Yes . - I 'm gonna drive April to a motel , or somewhere away from here and away from Maia . I 'm sorry . You 'll have to stay there until we figure this out . Di . Are you gonna turn me in ? We 'll just have to make this up as we go along . So I can count on you , right ? If my dad asks you , and he probably will- - Kyle , I 'm not gonna tell your dad that you gave me a promicin shot , okay ? It 's hard , you know ? I mean , I love the guy so much , but the things I 'm doing , he just wouldn 't understand . I get it , Kyle . I really do . It 's just I 've got all of this other stuff I 'm dealing with . Oh , yeah . Well , if you mean Isabelle Tyler , I don 't think you have to worry about . She 's probably gone from Seattle . Oh , that 's good to know . I 'll fire the extra security I had on . Anyway , I wasn 't talking about her . This is gonna sound weird . Roland Lenhoff wants me to run for a seat on the city council . The guy behind the Dinstman-Lenhoff bill ? He sees it as a " if you can 't beat them , work with them " kind of thing . And he knows he can 't beat us . That 's great , Shawn . You said yes . Right ? - I 'm thinking about it . - You have to do this . You get elected , that puts a 4400 into the mainstream . They 'll have to start taking us seriously . Who knows , man . You could become mayor , maybe even governor . Just one step at a time . I don 't even know if I can get elected - to city council . - You heal people with your hands . Show me an opponent who can beat that . Do you wanna be my campaign manager ? No . - But you got my vote . - That 's one . Not a problem . I 'll have the test results back tomorrow . What name do I log the samples under ? No name . - If they come back promicin-positive ? - No name , Marco . I want any paperwork handed to me and me alone . Are we clear ? Actually , Tom , I still have some questions . Do me this favor , please . - But I won 't ask them . - Thank you . Hey , Marco . They told me you were down here , Tom . - Have you got a minute ? - Yeah . Yeah , sure . I know my sister 's made a lot of bad choices in her life but I also know that April would never have taken that shot if it weren 't for me . I understand you wanna protect your sister , Diana . But if she knows the identity of a murderer- - I can 't be responsible for sending April to prison . Tom , she 's promicin-positive . It 's a life sentence . You know the deal . Besides , there 's a chance that the police could get to Barton on their own . Yeah . And if they don 't ? What then ? Then I 'll tell the authorities everything I know . After I 've bought April a one-way ticket to Marrakesh . April ? - April Skouris , right ? - Yeah . I 'm a friend of Colin 's brother , Jeff . - Jeff ? - No , I 'm Larry . But Jeff heard about what happened , and he sent me here to get you out of Seattle . Really ? Well , where are we gonna go ? My car 's out back . We 're gonna go to Phoenix . - What about my clothes ? - You can get new ones , okay ? If we hurry , we can catch the next flight . Phoenix ? Jeff moved to Florida . - It really doesn 't matter . - Oh , my God . Help ! God , he 's trying to kill me ! Help ! Help ! Help ! Di , I need to know what 's going on . None of this makes any sense . Why kill Colin ? Why come after me ? We never got our hands on any of that money . Well , that bribe money that Anexxo 's paying out ? They don 't want anyone knowing about it . Well , I guess it 's time we have a talk with this Peter Barton guy . Yeah . I 'm coming with you . You want the truth , I can get it for you . Are you sure about that ? I mean , people beat lie detectors all the time . Tom , do you like my sister ? Diana ? Yeah , sure . She 's my partner . My friend . Ever have a sexual fantasy about her ? Well , once or twice . We were working late . Diana mentioned we were the only two people in the building- - You can come . Peter Barton ? I 'm Agent Baldwin . This is Agent Skouris . We 're with NTAC . - Oh , God . Not her . - You murdered Colin , didn 't you ? Murdered ? No . I wasn 't even in the room when your boyfriend showed up . The money . It wasn 't me you were trying to blackmail . It was the corporation . I had to warn them . The bribe money , who did you pass it off to ? I tell you that , I lose my job . What was his name , Peter ? Alex Lupone . He 's the director of Advanced Combat Systems for the Pentagon . Ask him why Anexxo was paying Lupone . Don 't . Just don 't . Anexxo won a contract to develop a new interceptor ballistic body armor for the military . - It was supposed to be impenetrable . - So this body armor , it was defective ? There were some design flaws which left parts of the side and shoulders unprotected . I was supposed to pay off Lupone to look the other way . You interfered and it was taken out of my hands . And who did you tell about Colin and April ? Donald Mitchell . He sits on our Board of Directors . He called me personally to handle the payoff . Flew me out here on Anexxo 's dime . Where can we find Mitchell ? He 's staying at the Dorchester Hotel . I didn 't know anyone was gonna die . I don 't like standing up here and calling Roland Lenhoff a liar . But the truth is he 's been one for 40 years . He did not single-handedly hold off a platoon of Vietcong troops while his men lay wounded around him . I know that for a fact because I was one of those men . - Turn that thing off . - That brave act was performed by Staff Sergeant Stephen- - I guess some of my colleagues heard that you and I were meeting . They didn 't waste any time letting me know they weren 't real happy about it . Senator , I have to ask . - Did you falsify your war record ? - No , I did not . That fellow who gave that little speech , I saved his life that day . They must have paid him a lot of money to get him to lie like that . Well , I guess if what he says isn 't true , - then it doesn 't really matter . - It doesn 't have to be true . It 's on the television . I can tough this out . The question is , can you ? Because they 're gonna be giving you the same kind of treatment . If not worse . Well , people have been telling lies about me ever since we came back in that ball of light , so ... Does that mean you 'll run for city council ? That means I 'm gonna run and I 'm gonna win . That 's what I wanted to hear . I knew I 'd picked myself the right man . So , what happens now ? The first thing you gotta do is let people know where you stand . That means telling the world you 're against Jordan Collier and everything that he 's been doing . You wanna win this election , then Jordan Collier is the enemy . Your enemy . - Hey , Kyle . - Hey . How 's it coming ? I 'm trying to decipher these coded pages but I 'm not a cryptographer . Can I have a look ? I may have lost my abilities but I did read the encyclopedia from A to Z. And you remember all of it ? Yeah , pretty much . How are you with puzzles ? Well , I guess we 'll see . But you did say you brought me here for a reason , right ? That I 'm part of all of this . So maybe this is my chance to prove it . I don 't care what Peter Barton claims . Anexxo doesn 't bribe government officials . That 's not the way we conduct business . Mr. Mitchell , did you authorize the payment of $ 300,000 to Alex Lupone ? I did not . We never paid Alex Lupone a penny . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I have an $ 80-Kobe beef filet growing cold on the plate . Then what was the money for ? It was a down payment . A down payment for what ? To have Alex Lupone murdered . I didn 't mean that . I- - I don 't know why I 'd say such a thing . Why have Lupone killed ? I 'm not answering any more questions . Was it because you were selling the military defective body armor ? Lupone would have exposed us . We had no choice . - I 'm calling my lawyer . - No . Not until you cancel the hit on Lupone . I don 't know what you 're talking about . How do we reach Lupone ? - What is his phone number ? - There isn 't one . He 's on vacation in the Brazilian jungle . The men we hired are already down there . I have no way of contacting them . Is this really necessary ? Absolutely , it is . So , what do we do now ? Well , we 'll get in touch with the Brazilian authorities and hope that they can get in touch with Lupone first . But in the meantime , I 'm gonna need you to come into NTAC and make sure that Mitchell repeats his confession for the record . I can 't do that . I walk into NTAC , I don 't come out . No , I 'll speak to Meghan , explain the circumstances . What if that doesn 't work ? I can 't take that chance . Without some coaxing from your ability , Mitchell is gonna deny everything he just told us . He 's gonna get away with murder . Get away with Colin 's murder . Do you want that ? Look , I can 't do that . I 'm sorry . April , you 've been running away your entire life . From your family , from school , from responsibility . And I don 't know , maybe I 'm- - Maybe I 'm to blame for that . Maybe I pushed you away . Maybe- - Maybe I wasn 't there for you . I don 't know , but this time ... This time you can 't run away . Watch me . All right , time to get to the tough questions . Do you think the average citizen is ready to vote for a 4400 ? Well , I 'm hoping so , being there 's a lot more non-4400s out there than people with abilities . But more people are taking the shot all the time . How do you feel about that ? Do you agree with Jordan Collier 's decision to hand out promicin to anybody who wants it ? No , I don 't . Half of those people are gonna die . Thousands already have . Are you calling Jordan Collier a mass murderer ? I think that Jordan should have waited until the odds of survival were better than fifty-fifty . A lot better than fifty-fifty . If he wanted to change the world , there were safer ways of doing so . Like running for city council ? Well , that 's a start anyway . April , it 's me . - Go away . - Not until we talk . - Now just let me in . - No . Come on . Open up . So where do you go now ? I really hadn 't thought that far ahead . I never do , do I ? Maybe this time you should . Do you wanna hear something funny ? I thought when I got this ability , it would change my life . And it did . It changed my circumstances anyway . I got better clothes . I eat in better restaurants . Fly first class for the first time in my life . But it didn 't change me . Well , no ability is gonna do that . You have to change yourself . And you can . How ? By marching into NTAC ? That would be brave . Except I 'm not brave , am I ? Another one of my many faults . April it 's not too late . You can still be the person that you wanna be . Look , l- - I can 't say that I approve of what you 've been up to . But you did say that you loved this guy Colin . And if you did , if that 's true then you have to speak up for him . And only you can do that . The man is guilty of multiple felonies . And he 's threatening to sue us ? Mitchell 's claiming harassment , intimidation . Oh , and false arrest . Anexxo 's lawyers have the muscle to make a case like this stick . Come on , Meghan . He 's responsible for one murder we know of . He plotted two others . His corporation is trying to defraud the U.S. government . - We 're just gonna let him walk ? - Tom , tell me this guy deserves to be locked up and I 'll believe you . But I need more than your word . I need that woman , the one that got his initial confession . I know she 's promicin-positive but you need to convince her to come forward . I don 't think that 's gonna happen . There 's no way we 're gonna get an indictment against Mitchell . Not without proof . Oh , I have the proof you need right here . Shawn . Hey , Kyle . - Everything all right ? - No , it 's not . I 'm driving in my car . I turn on the radio . You tell the world that Jordan Collier is a mass murderer . That is not what I said . I said that he was wrong to hand out promicin . - And that 's what I believe . - Everything that you are , this building you 're standing in , you owe it to Jordan . You 're willing to betray him for votes ? Hey , I built this place just as much as Jordan . He used my healing abilities to raise money for it . He used me for a lot of things . Not anymore . I 'm my own man now . I make my own choices . Well , you 're off to a great start . You 're not only betraying Jordan , you 're betraying yourself . You 're a traitor , Shawn . Don 't you see that ? Don 't you see that ? Traitor . How long has it been ? Since the last time you asked ? About ten minutes . Since your sister 's been in there with Mitchell ? About two hours . Mitchell 's been with Anexxo for what , 1 4 years ? Imagine the secrets he 's saved up . We could be here all night . We got a signed confession . Whether it holds up in court remains to be seen , but we 've got enough against him , at least a couple of these charges should stick . - And April ? - I 'm sorry , Diana . We have to take her into custody . It 's okay , Di . Everything 's okay . I didn 't think they 'd go for it either , but- - You must have been pretty convincing . Excuse me . Sorry to interrupt but I have been up all night . What we 're doing to April just isn 't fair . She didn 't have to come forward . Mitchell could be a free man right now instead of having his picture plastered over the papers . But she did the right thing . For that , we 're locking her up ? We need to offer her some kind of amnesty , not punish her . Skouris . We 're not punishing her . We 're hiring her . According to Meghan , NTAC , the Attorney General 's Office , the fbi , they 're all fighting over who gets me when . And all I have to do is ask people questions . It 's not always gonna be at a bar over drinks . Some of the people that you meet and the questions you have to ask , some of the answers you 're gonna hear can get pretty ugly . Meghan was pretty upfront about that . Still , it 's gotta be better than prison . I must say the perks are pretty good . I get an apartment . A nice salary . Health insurance . Even a clothing allowance . And let 's not forget Eric and Ralph . Or is it Ralph and Eric ? I 'm sure you 'll figure it out . Their job is to make sure I show up wherever I need to be . Knowing me , it won 't be as easy as it sounds . You think I 'm gonna screw this up , don 't you ? April , maybe the question you should be asking me is if I want you to succeed . And the answer is a definite yes . Well , I 'll try not to let either one of us down . And I promise to call or e-mail and let you know how I 'm doing . So when are you leaving ? You know , for Spain , or wherever you guys decide . I 'm not leaving . I 'm staying right here in Seattle . Did I just say that ? Does Ben know ? No , I hadn 't realized it until just now . You 're gonna have to tell him . I 'm really happy for the both of you . I really am . But we are not leaving this table until we make a decision . Are we living in France or Spain ? Neither . Diana ? Don 't hate me , Ben . Please . Oh , God . I quit work . I went to Spain . I tried . I really tried . But I belong here . You know , with Tom and with NTAC and the search for Collier . I 'm a part of that . My daughter 's a part of that . And now my sister is too . So , what happens to us ? Go back to our own lives ? Back to our work ? What , see each other a few days a month ? For now . We could have so much more , Diana . Maia said that we get married . And Maia 's never wrong . Well , I hope not . Me too . The lab report you asked for . The one and only copy . Samples came back positive for promicin . Someone 's definitely walking around with an ability . Thanks , Marco . " When the chosen have taken the elixir and proved their faith in the messiah , then all will follow in their wake . Only then will the father reveal his true face , and paradise and the world will be as one . " I think that 's a pretty accurate translation . The elixir , that 's gotta be promicin . And we know Collier 's supposed to be the messiah . And the father ? I don 't know . God , I guess . - But who are the chosen ? - Flip the page . A list of names . Yeah , 200 in all . And most of them you 'll recognize . Politicians , scientists , athletes ... These people , they 're all alive today . This book was written 85 years ago . I know . All right , so all these people have to take the shot ? And that 's supposed to influence more and more people to do the same , right ? Until what ? Everyone has an ability ? Well , those who survive anyway . And that 's when God 's supposed to show up . I think you 'd better look at the last name . My dad ? - He has to take the shot ? - If you believe in the prophecy . And some kind of paradise on earth led by Jordan Collier . Then yeah , your dad has to take promicin .
