 Destiny ... The Design is clearly ancient , Launched hundreds of thousands of years ago . Where the hell are we ? Several billion light years from home . We are on a ship , but we have no idea Where we are in relation to earth . This ship could be the most important discovery Mankind has made since the Stargate itself . These are the wrong people In the wrong place . We 've got a lot of wounded . We need to get home . We barely have enough power To operate the main systems . This ship simply doesn 't have the capability to dial earth . In this case are five ancient communication stones . You physically take control of an individual At the other end . She 's not going to have it . She 's 16 . We barely even know each other . If anyone finds this Within the next , I don 't know , 40 years , Tell Sharon ... My last thoughts were of her . # well , I know I miss more than hit # # with a face that was launched to sink # # and I seldom feel the bright relief # # it 's been the worst day since yesterday # # if there 's one thing I have said # # is that the dreams I once had now lay in bed # # as the four winds blow my wits through the door # # it 's been the worst day since yesterday # # fallin ' down to you , sweet ground # # where the flowers they bloom # # well , it 's there I 'll be found # # hurry back to me my wild calling # # it 's been the worst day since yesterday ... # Hey ... Your shifts over . I 'm good . You need rest . I 've been sitting on my ass for hours . General O 'Neill 's orders . Got plans for tonight ? Mm , this is delicious . My compliments to the chef . I 'll give you his number , And he delivers . No kidding ? Listen , I wanted to say thank you . There aren 't many people That understand what I 'm going through . Happy to help . Any time . Is everything okay ? We 've only known each other a short time , But I 'd like to feel I can call you a friend . Yeah , of course you can . And as such , I feel a certain ... Obligation To tell you some things ... About your husband . Hey ! You were supposed to join us . Yeah , I know , sorry . I-I pulled a thing . Yeah , colonel young wants everybody in shape . Tomorrow . Tomorrow , yeah , I promise . Okay , let 's go ! Come on . Aw , to hell with this . Hey ... Hello . Mind if I join you ? You okay ? Fine . 'cause you look a little tired . You getting any sleep ? I said I 'm fine . I 'm fine too , thanks for asking . Eli ... Yo . We 've managed to secure Two more sections of the ship . I 'm sending a team in to take a look . I need you to operate a kino for me . Kinda busy here . Doing what ? I can 't say . And what 's that supposed to mean ? That I was told not to say . Oh , a secret mission , is it ? How intriguing . Look , you 're gonna have to talk to colonel young ... About this . Eli , do me a favor , have a look at your chest . Is there any insignia there , Anything that says " lieutenant " or " sergeant , " Or anything like that ? All I got is " you are here . " Exactly . I 'll be down when I 'm done . No , no , don 't bother . I 'll manage . He says he 's fine , but I 'm worried about him . Him and about a dozen others . Listen , I want you to do psych evaluations . Everyone , civilians , military . I 've been meaning to ask you do it anyway . Don 't you think Camille might want to do them ? Being h.R ... Well , you took psych in college , right ? One course , undergrad . That hardly qualifies me- - That 's perfect . Get to it . You can do it . Hold on . The door on your right , try it . More quarters . Not bad ... Moving on . So do I start crying now , Or do we build up to that ? Why don 't you just tell me how you 're doing ? How I 'm doing ... With life on the ship . Well ... It sucks . I hate it . Okay , how about your hydroponics lab ? Any luck there ? The seeds won 't sprout , Which really sucks , Because I would have liked to have started To grow some food . I 'm not really much of a fruit and vegetable guy , But anything would be better Than the crap that you 've been serving us , And there 's not enough water , And the beds are rock hard , And , uh , don 't let me forget to mention That I was shot by one of your people ! So you 're doing fine , then . Eli , how 's it coming ? I 've run simulations On a dozen variations Of Telford 's plan to power the gate , But so far ... Problems . Such as .. ? Catastrophic failure , Every time . Horrible death , fire and brimstone , Dogs and cats living together- - I get it . Keep at it . I want to make sure . Lieutenant ... You 're next up to use the stones To visit earth . It 's all right , sir , I can wait . You 've been waiting . Take your turn . Wray will be going too . All right . Thanks . Go ahead . What the hell is this ? Hey , looks like we found the dentist 's office . Whoa ! Don 't touch anything . Leave it ! I 'm on my way . Lieutenant Scott ? It 's me , Camille . Weird . Neural interface ? A precursor to an ancient device Sg-1 discovered several years ago . A repository of knowledge that can be literally ... Downloaded into one 's mind . You think this is one of those things ? Within that knowledge may be the master Code To unlock the ship 's Core systems . Navigation , propulsion . You 're sure ? Well , we can 't be certain Till someone actually sits in the chair . It looks like it holds you down And shoots bolts into your head . They 're merely electrodes allowing the transfer of data . Do you know what a device like this did To general O 'Neill ? The sheer amount of information overwhelmed him , yes . It damn near killed him is what it did . It led to incredible discoveries- - And it damn near killed him . In fact , the only thing we know for sure Is an ancient device like this is pretty much a death sentence . Nobody sits in this thing . I want guard detail posted . So , what are we to do , colonel ? Just ignore what this chair can do for us ? I 'm telling you to ignore it . I 'm telling you to study it without sitting in it . But , colonel , this pre-dates those found in the milky way . I 'd be willing to bet the effects are far less severe . Would you bet your own life ? So you 're fine As long as someone else volunteers- - Hell , if it means Getting these people home , I 'll sit in the damn thing . Colonel young , come in . Go ahead . Colonel Telford 's in the communications lab . He switched bodies with Scott And he wants to talk to you . I 'm on my way . Colonel , so far I 've only managed to access Portions of destiny 's database . We still can 't actually control the ship . Even if we could turn this thing around Right now and head back to earth , How long would that take , another million years ? Rush , you want this chair To be some kind of wonderful discovery , That 's fine . Prove it . You prove you can use it safely To do something we actually need it to do . Until then , no one goes near . Always you on the stones . Don 't you let anyone else take a turn ? Why haven 't you given us Any of the data collected during our experiment ? Well , we 're still working on it ourselves . I 've got a team Of the best scientists on earth . We want to help . Till things get out of hand , then you jump ship , Leave us on our own . How did Rush do it ? How did he defuse the situation ? Well , when I know , you 'll know . You know , colonel , I don 't get it . I would think you 'd be doing everything possible To get these people home , to get yourself home , Back to your wife . If you need anything , ask lieutenant James . Camille , it is you , right ? I didn 't know that you were checking in today . Oh , um , I 'm not , actually . This is a personal visit . Last time I was here , I didn 't get a chance to go home . Right , of course , But since I have you ... I 'll be there in a minute . Colonel Telford 's team Is working on adjustments to their plan . They 're making some progress . Young is not going to listen , At least not any time soon , And Dr. Rush ... Well , like you said , he 's in no hurry to come home . Still trying to take command of the ship ? He and young are bumping heads , yes . Right now , young seems to be winning that battle . And you ? I 'm caught between them , Not sure which camp is the better choice . Maybe it 's time you started your own . Your mail , all four letters . Popular guy . So , I 'm your chaperone . Where do you want to go ? Any family , friends ? There 's a buddy I want to catch up with . He 's at Edwards , or he was ... No problem . You okay ? I would imagine the level of stress That comes along with trying to figure out The inner workings of this ship- - I know , it 's intense , Especially figuring That we 've only just scratched the surface Of all there is to know . So how are you dealing with it ? I mean , what are you doing to relieve the stress ? Oh , I , um ... Read . 35 ! 36 ! 37 ! 38 ! 39 ! One , two , three , 18 ! One , two , three , 19 ! Move it , move it ! Faster , come on , people , faster ! Faster , Franklin , move it ! You 're pathetic , Franklin , you know that ? Go again ! Again , Franklin ! Move that fat ass ! You 're pathetic ! Go again ! She 's not cleared , So stick with the cover story . Hey there . I 'm looking for Annie Balic . I 'm an old friend of hers . Does she live here ? She 's my mom . Is it really you ? If someone wants to volunteer to sit in it , Why won 't he let them ? He 's trying to protect us . Oh , please . It 's politics . He resists at first , comes around eventually , Gives it the green light , And if it works , he 's the big hero . And if it doesn 't , well ... You get to take the blame . Yes . How am I coping ? Honestly ? I don 't know . The people on board make it easier , That 's for sure . I made some good friends , And I met Matt . So there 's that to be grateful for . So are things getting serious between you two ? He 's been a real comfort . When we 're together ... It 's not so lonely . You know ? # when everyone has gone to sleep # # and you are wide awake # # there 's no one left # # to tell your troubles to # # just an hour ago # # you listened to their voices # # lilting like a river over underground # # and the light from downstairs came up soft like daybreak # # dimly as the heartache of a lonely child # # and if you can 't remember a better time # # you can have mine little one ... # Say the word , and I 'll call Child protective services . He says she 'll be home soon . Which was three hours ago . I just want to make sure that he ... Annie Balic ? Yeah ? I 'm , uh , I 'm colonel Telford . I 'm a friend of Matthew Scott 's . Is he okay ? Yeah , he 's fine . He 's on a mission . It 's classified . I can 't say where , but ... He got your letter . It said you needed to see him ? Have you seen your parents ? No point . They 're not cleared . I can 't tell them who I really am . Well , you can tell them That their daughter 's okay , You can tell them that she misses them And she loves them . Go see them . Mmm ... Ooh , um ... I tried to sell that . Mm-hm , right . I did . I really-- - Mm , yeah . Come here . It 's so strange , this ... Other body . You know , food doesn 't taste quite right . Wine either . Oh ... Now , this ... This feels right . So much for retiring to our beach . Mm-mm-mm , none of that right now . Forgot the row boat . Hmm ? Why did I forget the row boat ? Come here . Come on ... Come here ... It 's okay ... Hey , Dr. Rush , you got a sec ? No . I 'm doing psych evaluations , The entire crew . No , thank you . Colonel young ordered them . It 's just a talk , see how you 're doing , Give you a chance to voice any problems Or frustrations . Well , I 'm fine . No problems , no complaints . Is that it ? Yeah . He 's usually not this shy . It must be the uniform . He loves the military . Did you eat ? Go brush your teeth . Matthew , go . I-is ... Is lieutenant Scott ... I don 't know how good of a friend you are , Or what he might have told you about us- - Uh , he said there was a pregnancy , But that you were going to- - I couldn 't . I couldn 't go through with it . Why didn 't you tell him ? I didn 't want to Burden him . He was dealing with a lot of stuff at the time . Whoa ... What is it ? Now , that 's good . Look , there 's a bad guy out there , Put a gun in my hand , I 'll go kill him . Not going to lose any sleep over it . Your ass needs saving , I 'm going to save it , Or I 'm going to die trying . I didn 't ask to be like this . Nobody made me this way . You want to riff about my ... My childhood , How my daddy ... Beat my ass , Really ... Really messed me up ? What , you think you can understand me ? No , I just want to talk- - I wish people would just shut up , Be happy ... For what I am . People ? People less willing or able To do ... What I do . He fought in desert storm , didn 't he ? Your dad ? I 'm not talkin ' about him . You 're the one who brought him up . What was he like ? My mom used to babysit him after school . This is her house . She died last summer . This new job , though . Insane hours , but the money 's really good , So I should be able to hire a Sitter real soon . Oh , what 's the job ? I dance . Matt said something about you going to college , About becoming a lawyer ? Yeah . That was then , right ? It 's time . I need to use your cell phone . Real quick . I 'll be right back . Sorry . Be right there . Come here . You are going to take a deep breath , And you 're going to find the strength . You 're going to go back to that ship , And you are going to work with those people . Motivate them , Do whatever you need to do To get yourself back home . Because I 'm going to be here . I 'm not going anywhere . Promise ? I already did that 12 years ago . The only thing that won 't be here when you get back Will be that stupid chair over there . Wo ai Ni . I love you too . Be right here . Okay , so ... So they just patched me through to Matt , and , uh ... And I told him . He was angry , wasn 't he ? He 's going to need some time . It 's a lot to take in right now , But , anyway , long story short , The mission that he 's on right now Takes care of him financially , So he 's going to arrange To have his monthly air force check Directly deposited into your bank account . Really ? Yeah , that way you-you can quit your job , You can go back to school And follow through with your dreams , and- - Wait a minute . If Matt wants to help us out , that 's great ... But , uh , I 'm okay with my job . W-wait , what about college ? Me , a lawyer ? Yeah , like that was ever going to happen . Did you even try ? Tell Matt thanks , But I 've got things under control here . He doesn 't have to worry about us . I told you it wouldn 't take long . I 've been able to access the subspace link Between destiny and the unmanned ships That were sent out ahead of it . The ones seeding these stargates On the planets . Yeah . We have data on literally thousands of Gates That have already been seeded . I 've only managed to get through a fraction of it , but ... I found something quite interesting . Whoa ... Almost the same mineral composition As the Icarus planet . How long ? One year away . Naturally-occurring naquadria throughout the planet 's crust . Ample power for our needs . One more year , we can gate back home ? Well , it 's not quite as simple as that . We have to learn How to steer the ship- - How to orbit the planet ... Not to mention how to make the gate work To dial home from there- - Yes , as I said , much to be done , But we will of course need the , uh , master Code . Well , then you better get to work cracking it . Sounds like you 've got the better part of a year . But the , uh ... Neural interface device- - Is still off-limits . God , you think I don 't know what you 're doing here ? Crack the damn Code , Rush . That 's your job . Hey , how 'd it go ? Great . And you ? Great . Hmm . One year , and we 're out of here ? Well , first we have to do what 's necessary . Then get to it . I will , But we 'll need your , uh ... Support , Shall we say . Look , if it means getting off this tin can , Then we 're all in . I can 't wait another year . I want off this ship now . Chill out , Spencer . A year 's a hell of a lot better Than forever . Wow ... That is much better . We 'll crack it . We will . If we can , I know that colonel young Will give us access to the chair . He has to , a chance like this ? This is our ticket home . The word 's getting around . I mean , everyone 's really excited . Hell , yeah . It was good timing , too , Because I don 't know about you , But I was getting to the end of my rope here . It 's weird . I 've never even met your wife . I only saw that one picture you had In your office at Icarus . Telford , you connected with him . Well , so , what ... This is a residual memory of his That somehow transferred to my subconscious ? Doesn 't mean it was an actual memory . It could 've been one of his dreams . I mean , just because I saw her doesn 't mean the two of ... No . Thanks . Camille ! - Tj ... - Hi . Dr. Boone told me about a planet Rush discovered in the database . Is it true ? Yeah , finally some good news . I hope it pans out the way he says it will . Yeah , so , listen , while you were gone , Colonel young asked me to do psych evaluations On the entire crew , Assess people 's state of mind , Any red flags That we might need to be aware of . Yeah , that 's a good idea . So , um , I was just kind of wondering If you had some time to maybe ... Sit down and talk to me ? Oh , uh , right . No problem , but , you know , I have some things I need to do today . Is tomorrow okay ? Yeah , okay . Tomorrow 's good . Sorry . Watch where you 're going . Easy ! I said sorry- - Expect people to just get out of your way ! - What the hell 's your problem ? - My problem Is fat asses like you clogging up the hallway- - - I 've had it with you ! - What did I do ? Listen to me , I don 't know what the hell your problem is , But you better get it together fast ! He ran into me ! Shut up ! I don 't care who ran into who ! You keep pulling this crap , I 'm going to lock you up for good , You got that ? Get out of here . Take a walk . A son ! Wow . That is ... It 's wild . Yeah , tell me about it . What 's his name ? Matthew . I got an eight-year-old kid named after me . How weird is that ? Are you okay ? Yeah . It 's a lot to ... Deal with . Angry ... That she didn 't tell me , That I couldn 't be there for him . Look , one more year , And then you can take him to soccer games And little league . What 's the mother like ? She 's got her issues . You two were close ? Not really . Well , I mean ... Yeah , I mean , for a short time , But things happened . We lost touch . Until now . What the hell are you doing here ? You stay away from my wife , you pathetic piece of scum ! You keep your finger out of my face . This is how you get back at me ? You pretend to be me , crawl into bed with my wife ? No , he didn 't pretend to be you ! He never pretended to be you . He told me who he was all along , And I didn 't sleep with him , by the way , But thanks for not Jumping to conclusions . He 's a friend . He 's helping support me through this . What , really ? Is that right ? Not all men are like you , And I know you 're still sleeping with her . Did he tell you this ? Everett ! What happened ? What just happened ? Um ... The connection must have been severed , colonel . I-I don 't know why- - Are you kidding me ? Colonel young ... Not now . Eli was just checking the planetary database . The subspace link From the ships that are seeding the Gates ? I came across something That didn 't quite fit with the coordinates That were established on a previous- - Can 't this wait ? No , sir , it can 't . Rush lied . The Icarus planet that he discovered a year away ? It doesn 't exist . It 's fake data . He planted it himself . You lied to these people . I gave them hope . False hope , Rush ! Yeah , well , so was dialling earth . I knew it was pointless at the time , But you persisted . Why ? To boost morale . You tell me the difference . I 'll tell you the difference , One is a lie . Who cares ? Who else knows about this , then ? Wray overheard , So we can assume everyone knows on the ship . Ah , well , well done , colonel . You 've just ruined the chance to maximize productivity . I wasn 't the one who planted false information . Well , there may very well be an Icarus-type planet Buried in the data . There may very well be . I 've only begun to scratch the surface , But I 'd be a lot further on if you would just let me use- - Again with the chair ! Yes , the chair ! It could be our salvation- - It could kill somebody ! A sacrifice that could save the lives Of everyone else on this ship . I 'm not stopping you , Rush . Go , sit , be my guest . That 's what I thought . Hey ... Hey . You hiding out , too ? Tj 's doing her psych evals . I 've been trying to avoid her . Why ? Well , you ... You start opening up , You end up saying all sorts of personal stuff You probably shouldn 't , And then you have to live with these people , See ' em every day , Have her give you weird looks As she passes you in the hall ? Gets awkward . Chloe tells me you 're a dad ! Congrats . Got yourself a Mini-Matt . See , that 's what I 'm talking about . I speak and say things I shouldn 't , And I-I talk before I think- - It 's okay . No , no ! Look at you , you 're ... You 're bummed . You just found out that you have a son , But now he 's probably not ever Going to get the chance to actually meet you , And that sucks . You don 't want to talk about that . I 'm going to go now . I 've completed 14 psych evals . I have eight more scheduled , And I think the rest of the ship 's avoiding me . What 's wrong ? Bad day . A lot of those lately , huh ? Hey , something else is bothering you . What happened ? This my psych eval ? It can be . Come on , talk to me . Bad day . Dr. Volker ? Yes . Welcome to earth . I 'm major Peterson . I 've got a car waiting for you , anywhere you want to go . # though these wounds have seen no wars # # except for the scars I have ignored # # and this endless crutch # # well , it 's never enough # # it 's been the worst day since yesterday # # hell says hello # # well , it 's time I should go # # to pastures green that I 've yet to see # # hurry back to me # # my wild Colleen # # it 's been the worst day since yesterday # # it 's been the worst day # # since yesterday # # it 's been the worst day # # since yesterday #
