 13 , Bannerman Road is where Sarah Jane Smith lives , and it 's home to things way beyond your imagination . There 's an extra-terrestrial super-computer in the wall , a genetically engineered boy genius in the attic , a schoolgirl investigator across the road and a whole universe of adventure right here on the doorstep . Ready ? Always . We are Blathereen . I think it 's a brilliant idea , a dinner party . This little plant could save millions of lives . Will you be our ambassador ? Our Rakweed will change your planet for ever . How 's the pot plant ? Savaged anyone in the night ? 'The Rakweed is not harmless . ' I can see that . There 's a great big flower sticking out of it now . Mum , I 'm so tired . What 's this ? 'The plant appears to have mutated . ' 'It will send its victims into a deep , deep coma 'from which they will never return . ' Mr Smith , I need you . Mr Smith , please , help us ! 'Launching venting system . ' 'Maximum extraction . ' Mr Smith , you are amazing ! 'Every computer has a cooling mechanism , 'though applying it at full power has severely depleted 'my energy banks . ' What do I do with this thing ? Luke , can you hear me ? It 's Mum . Yeah . I 'm ... I 'm fine . Oh , Luke . What 's it done to him ? 'The Rakweed spores not only re-seed the plant . 'They are also its weapon against anything , or anyone , standing in its path . ' Surely Luke 's much stronger than a normal human ? 'He is , and maybe able to resist the effects for longer . 'However , he inhaled the spores directly into his lungs . ' Oh , Luke , I am so sorry . Do not write on the question sheet . Use the paper provided for your answers . Here you go , K9 . Questions ! Just relay your answers into this . 'Relaying answers is unethical . ' Shh ! You said a test was " one human demonstrating intellectual superiority over others " . I have brought a supercomputer into school . That 's pretty smart , wouldn 't you say ? 'Logic irrefutable . ' Good dog . Now keep it short and to the point . You 're actually going through with this , aren 't you ? Cheating at a test . No morals at all . And that 's why you love me . Mmm , dream on , Clyde , dream on . 'First question processed . ' 'Monitoring Luke 's condition . 'The poison has infected 63 % of his cells , but time 's running out . ' You analysed the plant . You must have some idea how to fight it . 'The Rakweed 's genetic structure is adapting constantly . 'It could take me days to create an antidote . 'Even then it might not work . 'We have half an hour at the most . ' There 's got to be a way . We must be able to help . He 's only 15 . 'I 'm receiving a local news report of a similar case to Luke 's . ' Put it up , Mr Smith . 'This morning a number of people have 'been admitted to Park Vale Hospital after collapsing at home or at work . 'Doctors are unsure what has caused the unusual marks on their bodies , 'although it has been suggested they may indicate a rare tropical disease . 'This looks like it might be another case arriving now . 'Excuse me , Doctor ... Stay back . 'Excuse me , Doctor . Cameron Marsh , BBC News . 'Any comment for BBC News , sir ? 'Any comment for BBC News , Doctor ? ' How quickly can it spread ? 'At its current rate of propagation , the Rakweed will have seeded 'the whole of London within a few hours , 'and in approximately three days 'the plant could easily have consumed the entire planet . ' Luke ? Can you hear me ? Yes , Mum , I can hear you ... I 'm leaving you with Mr Smith . He 'll take care of you . 'Where are you going , Sarah Jane ? ' If you can 't give me an antidote , then there 's no choice . The Blathereen started this and they 're going to stop it . 'But they 'll be halfway across the galaxy by now . ' You think ? No , I bet they want to stick around , see their plan unfold . Scan for their ship , Mr Smith . 'Their ship is shielded . Remember , I did not detect its approach . ' 'Without their teleport coordinates it cannot be located . ' Lucky I made a note last night . What 's that ? BUZZING That was weird . What don 't you understand about " absolute quiet " , Clyde ? But , Miss ... If you recall , this is a test and that means ... 'Master Clyde ? ' Are you hiding something ? What on earth is that thing ? Who 's making that stupid noise ? BUZZING Everyone , quiet . 'Master Clyde , detecting alien plant DNA which has entered this room . ' Is that Rakweed ? It 's flowering . What 's it doing here ? Will everyone please be quiet ! Miss , that plant , I think it could be dangerous . What plant ? Over there . Miss ! SCREAMING Everyone get out of here right now ! She 's passed out . You 're going to be all right . Nobody 's taking you away from me . 'Teleport trajectory indicates the Blathereen have left 'Earth 's immediate vicinity . ' No , no , wait a moment . That beam 's not heading away from Earth . It 's heading towards a satellite . 'And being relayed back to Earth . ' Antarctica . Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha . SLURPING AND GOBBLING You have to feel sorry for her . Why ? She took the Rakweed because she wanted the glory . Same reason they always do . Get their ugly faces in the paper . I expected a little more resistance from the famous Sarah Jane Smith . She was a pushover ! Ha ha ha ha ! It 's thanks to her that very soon their entire planet will be nothing but Rakweed . And then ... let the harvest begin ! BURPS LAUGHTER At least she 's still breathing . We couldn 't have helped her . It would have got us , too . I knew those Blathereen were trouble . We 've got to stop this . Come on . Mr Smith , can you remotely activate the Blathereen teleport , get me to their ship ? 'I 'd only have enough energy left for a one-way trip . ' I 'll take my chances . I 'm not going to stand here and watch Luke die . 'Who will save the world if something happens to you ? ' This time it 's about Luke . 'Rakweed now spreading throughout London . ' LAUGHTER This is loaded with vinegar . You 're going to do exactly as I say or I 'll blast you to oblivion . She 's alive . It 's just knocking everyone out . How did the Rakweed get from Sarah Jane 's house to here ? You saw those seed things . It must be spreading itself . It 's obviously not a good idea to breathe them in . Maybe that 's what made Luke ill this morning . MOBILE RINGS Rani ? ' Luke , ' the Rakweed , it got you , didn 't it ? Are you OK ? Yeah , I 'm all right . You sound terrible . Where 's Sarah Jane ? Is she looking after you ? She 's gone ... find Blathereen . 'Luke ? ' Luke ? He 's ill . Really ill . And Sarah Jane 's with the Blathereen . No idea where . Then we 've got to sort this by ourselves , just the two of us . Correction , Master Clyde . Three of us . And you called me insane for bringing K9 to school . Come on . We 've got to get to Luke . My son is dying and I 'm not going to let you or anyone take him away from me . So keep perfectly still . I am feeling trigger-happy . You 're making a terrible mistake . We didn 't do anything . We 're innocent . Honestly we are . I don 't believe you . Now , fix it ! All right , we knew the Rakweed would spread , but we didn 't realise the damage it would do . We 're sorry . We will reverse the process . Leef ? We have no choice , my dear . Entering computer code . Destroy all Rakweed . The Rakweed is being eliminated . It will take a few seconds . Confirm Rakweed density on Earth . 'Rakweed fully eliminated . ' Would you mind putting the weapon down , Sarah Jane ? It 's Miss Smith to you . Please , Miss Smith ? Let go of me ! Computer , return to normal view . Good try , Miss Smith , but not good enough . That 's exactly the phrase the Slitheen used . Now , we were just having dinner . Why don 't you join us ? No , thank you . But we insist . Why bother with these ? Just wanted to see if they work . That chair cost a fortune . Ha-ha-ha-ha ! BUZZING What do we do ? It 's everywhere ! Watch out ! 'Please , stand back . ' K9 , can you blast them , too ? 'Energy required too great . 'This unit has insufficient power . ' We 're trapped . Come on ! The canteen . This is much more civilised , isn 't it ? Sure you won 't take a little Rakweed ? It really is delicious . Now I understand why you 're obsessed with it . You 're addicted to it . We are not ! We ... we just love it , that 's all . You 'd understand if you tried some . And my son is dying just to fuel your addiction . Even we couldn 't eat all that , and we wouldn 't want to . An entire planet of Rakweed will be worth a fortune on the galactic market . Small as Earth is , it 's still a useful plot of land . Billions of people killed , and all you see is a plot of land ? We 're simple farming folk , Miss Smith . But one day our farm will span the entire galaxy . SLURPING AND GOBBLING How far 's this spread ? Just the school grounds or further ? If it got from Sarah Jane 's to here , it 's not looking good . Then there 'll be news reports ? Yeah . It 's clear . 'Master Clyde , Mistress Rani ... ' Hurry up ! 'Cases of the , as yet , unidentified infection 'have increased to over 300 , 'and doctors warn there could be more in the coming days . 'It all started in Ealing , but it 's now spread as far 'as Southall , Perivale , Acton and Chiswick . 'Members of the public , especially those in West London , 'are advised to act with extreme caution . ' What would Sarah Jane do ? She 'd do what she always does - improvise . Come on . What a joy to see someone as smug as Sarah Jane Smith destroy the planet she fought so hard to save . Kill me by all means , but not the children . Don 't you have any of your own ? Oh , no . Nasty little things . Profit is our progeny . Isn 't using the Earth for a fast buck more the Slitheen style ? How dare you ! We 're nothing like the Slitheen . We 're much , much worse . They lack our cunning , our vision , our good looks . Now , now , Leef . We must still show some tolerance towards our relatives . Your relatives ? Didn 't we say ? We 're double-barrelled , Miss Smith . We are the Slitheen-Blathereen , the descendants of an inter-clan marriage many generations ago . Why doesn 't that surprise me ? You 're as bad as they are ! For that remark , we won 't kill you . We 'll keep you alive to watch your beloved Earth die . And then we 'll kill you . Ha-ha-ha ! Right , that 's the gym , art and canteen blocks . There 's got to be one exit that isn 't blocked by Rakweed . What about a window ? It 's locked . Give me a shove up . Oh , all the glamorous jobs . Oh , even I could get through that . 'Warning . Danger . ' Get back ! Clyde , don 't ! SCHOOL BELL JANGLES What ? ! How did that just happen ? End of period bell . Must have been . Saved by the bell . That 's what I like to see . My wonderful little plant spreading . You know , it was my husband who engineered this wonderful new strain of Rakweed ? Genetically modified to re-seed at an incredible rate . The Rakweed 's song will be filling the air . How sweet it must sound . You mean that awful noise ? ! Hardly call that a song . It 's a living thing . Communication is the mainstay of all life . Communication ? That 's interesting . Without that , how can the Rakweed unite and colonise an entire planet ? 'Rakweed now at 93 % . ' Miss Smith ? She can 't just have vanished ! Lost something ? Leave that alone ! Get after her , you idiot ! Activate the teleport . She 's broken it , stupid woman ! Well , un-break it ! We 're paying Miss Smith a visit , and this time it 'll be us having her for dinner ! Luke ? We need you to set the bell off again , but much , much louder this time . K9 , can you boost the volume ? 'Easily accomplished . ' 'Frequency adjusted . Activating . ' SCREECHING It 's working . Way to go , K9 ! You did it ! Can you turn it off now ? It 's still alive outside . We 're never going to defeat it . Can you link me to Mr Smith ? 'If necessary . However , contact with that computer interferes 'with this unit 's synaptic circuits . ' You mean he gets on your nerves ? 'Affirmative . ' Those two have really got to work through their issues . Clyde ! Are you OK ? Yeah , we 're fine . And we think we 've found a way to kill the Rakweed - the school bell . Brilliant ! You 're both brilliant ! 'It seems to work , but we 're not sure why . ' 'It 's because the Rakweed is connected by that terrible wailing sound . It 's how the plant stays alive , communicates . 'The bell must break that link . ' So we should blast the sound of the bell across the entire city ? Or something similar . 'Good thinking , Rani . 'Replicate it and we 're winning . Mr Smith ? ' 'I can do that , but I would need to know the exact frequency . ' 'K9 can tell you . ' K9 ? What 's he doing there ? I 'll explain later . K9 , give Mr Smith the bell 's frequency . '1421.09 hertz . ' 'I am now linking to all electrical devices in the area invaded 'by the Rakweed and retuning them to replicate the bell 's frequency . 'Prepare yourself , Sarah Jane . ' Cover your ears . This is going to be really , really loud . BELLS RING AND SIRENS WAIL That 's enough for now . It 's over ! Yes ! Go , Clydey . Go , Rani . Go , Sarah Jane ! Yeah , never mind all that . Let 's get out of here . Yeah . Mum ... You 're back . Luke , thank goodness you 're all right ! What happened ? Clyde and Rani , they 're brilliant . And so are you . I was more frightened than I 've ever been in my life . I nearly lost the most important thing in the Universe . You . Oh , Luke . It 's gone ! No , it 's all gone ! Our Rakweed crop , dead ! Miss Smith is going to regret this . As soon as I 've adjusted the focusing crystal , we 're away . And then she will pay ... in blood ! That noise , Mr Smith . If I needed you to produce it again but just in the attic , could you ? 'Yes , but for what purpose ? ' Sarah Jane ! Are you OK ? Yeah , I 'm fine now . Destroying the Rakweed seems to reverse its effects . And you two are absolute stars . What a team you make ! Just put it down to pure genius . 'Mistress . ' K9 , what happened to you ? Rani and I took him for ... walkies . Don 't drag me into this . 'Negative . Master Clyde took me to school to assist with his tests . ' He did , did he ? Clyde , you don 't need to cheat . Have faith in your own abilities . We meet again , Miss Smith ! Oh , why don 't you just go home ? This is your final warning . The Slitheen-Blathereen do not take kindly to ultimatums ! Slitheen-Blathereen ? I knew it ! Then they 're only half-bad . Rani 's right . Why don 't you forget your Slitheen side , give your Blathereen blood a chance ? Not all your family can be crooked . The Blathereen are useless , soft-hearted do-gooders . Nothing but middle management . We prefer the view from the top . I didn 't want to have to do this , but you leave me no choice . I 've been dying to say this for ages . Let the hunt begin ! Hit it , Mr Smith ! JANGLING BELLS Ha-ha-ha ! It is our sense of smell that 's highly developed , not our hearing . BURPING That 's enough , Mr Smith ! Aaagh ! Aaagh ! Aaagh ! What have you done to us ? My stomach ! It 's ... SQUELCHING Aaagh ! Aaagh ! I 'm sorry . SQUELCHING AND RIPPING 'Disintegration successful . ' 'You don 't say ( ! ) ' Why does this always happen to me ? Mum , you did it ! They were going to kill us . I had to do it . What did you do ? On their ship , all they did was stuff their faces with Rakweed . I knew their stomachs would still be full of it . 'The destruction of the undigested Rakweed created methane gas . 'It could not be contained . ' So they farted themselves to death ? 'In a nutshell , Master Clyde . ' But this isn 't how it should end . There should 've been another way . A better way . You 're amazing , Sarah Jane . Which is more than can be said for people who cheat at tests . But who 's ever gonna want to know about the life cycle of a plant ? Ah-hem ... Fair enough . Now , fetch yourself a mop in the kitchen and clean up this mess . 'For once , I truly hoped we 'd found a friend out there , 'someone Earth could trust , 'a way for us all to move forward , humans and aliens together . 'I was wrong ... This time . ' One clean attic ! 'But it doesn 't mean our next visitors will be the same . ' You 've cremated our picnic . 'There are friends out there , too . 'Friends who really will want to help us . 'And as we all know , there 's nothing more important than friendship . 'And then , one day , with a little luck and a lot of hard work , 'Earth could be a shining example to the entire Universe . ' Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd
