 Previously on V ... They 're calling themselves " the Visitors " . The Visitors didn 't just get here . They 've been here for years . My partner Dale was one of them . Anyone could be a Visitor . At least we have this , everyone who 's ever contacted the FBI about aliens or Visitors . Maybe we can find other people who wanna fight . Whatever they 're gonna do to the humans , it 's nothing Compared to what they 'll do to traitors like me and you . That 's weird . Picture 's upside down . Who 's Cyrus ? A guy I used to know . What , you always make your girlfriend do the talkin ' ? Tyler . The counsel wants to kick you out of the ambassador program . I can and do influence public opinion dale is a traitor . I don 't think he 'll show his face again . It 's a bright new day in America , a day of high emotions as we open our doors to a nation Not just from beyond our borders , But from beyond our imaginations . After weeks of heated debate and speculation About the government 's decision , Today the US granted the V 's diplomatic relations . Though the day is not without controversy . Demonstrators have gathered outside the Peace Ambassador Center Protesting the decision to grant visas the Visitors . But nothing can take away from the excitement here As Anna becomes the first Visitor To step through the New York gate beside me , Leading the way for many more to follow her onto American soil in the days to come . This is Chad Decker reporting live From the New York Peace Ambassador Center . That 's good . You know ... You helped make this day happen . Yeah . I guess I did . Bless me , father , for I have sinned . It 's been two weeks since my last confession . I 've been doubting god . Are the V 's demons or angels ? Is everything I believed a lie ? If only god gave us a sign ? My little baby sister has cancer . The V 's cured her . Who am I to question the pope ? I never believed in miracles before , father ... but now I do . What are we supposed to do ? I 'm just so scared . Does God even really exist ? Must I feel so weak ? Forgive these impure thoughts . Feel ... Lost . The government plans to expand its welcome to the V 's in the weeks to come . This is just the first wave of diplomat issued to the Visitors . Once on the ground , they will be afforded all America has to offer in return for what everyone hopes will be a prosperous exchange ... there is no way that we had time to do a proper threat assessment . It 's like 9 / 11 never happened . Wow . Must be hard thinking everyone 's a terrorist . Hey , I don 't want you going into the city today . I 'll be fine . It 's gonna be crazy with all the V stuff . Yeah , but I was just gonna give Brandon a lift . Okay . Uh , come home right after . Mom , there 's a priest at the door . Hi . I 'm Jack . I ... We work together . Oh , that 's cute . Go . What are you doing here , Jack ? You okay ? I want to be useful . I want to be able to look people in the eye and say , " god loves you , and everything 's gonna be fine . " How do I tell them that ? I don 't even know what to tell myself anymore . I know how you feel . Why are the V 's doing it like this ? Why the infiltration ? Why the sleeper cells ? Why don 't they just annihilate us and get it over with ? Because they 're smart and patient . And whatever their plan is , They need us for something . And until we figure out what that is , we have to fight them The same way they 're fighting us ... one step at a time . I haven 't been able to sleep , so I was up most of the night Going through this list , Trying to find anyone who was at the warehouse with us . Whenever I find anything that might be V-related , I plug it into the FBI database . Any luck ? I 've narrowed it down to a couple hundred . Good . Evans . Yeah . No , I 'll be right there . I have to go to the Peace Ambassador Center . There 's been a death threat against the V 's . You 're going to protect the V 's ? Yeah . Well , if a human ... kills a Visitor , That makes us the bad guys . Yeah , and they 'll be the good guys . You 're right . That 's all we need . If I have to be on their side , Maybe there 's something I can find that will help us fight . All right . Uh , you know what ? Well , if you don 't mind , I can stay here . I can keep going through the list . Maybe I 'll find a match . Yeah ... OK ... That would be great . OK . Um , you can cross-reference with ... with the files . I 'll call you later . Be careful . You be careful today . You all right ? You look worried . What , I can 't walk you to work ? When have you ever walked me to work ? It 's just that everything 's crazy now . Visitors walking around the city , angry protesters are pissed off . Well , whatever the reason , it 's nice . Look , don 't worry . People fear change . It 's normal . The V 's are friendly , And the protesters are gonna realize that eventually . What ? You have this look , like you 're keeping a secret or something . Sweetheart , I would never wanna keep any secrets from you . I love you . I love you . Georgie , thanks for meeting me . Yeah . Well , you saved my life at the warehouse . It 's the least I can do . How many others survived at that warehouse besides us ? I don 't know . I haven 't tried to contact them since the ambush . Look , I 'm scared . We don 't know who to trust anymore . With the V 's being granted those visas , It 's only gonna get worse . We need to mount a resistance Before they infiltrate any further . How ? We don 't have access to cash , bodies . I 've got access to both . You ever heard of John May ? The guy 's a myth . No , he 's not a myth . He 's real . John May is the leader of the Fifth Column , first group of visitors to ever turn against the leadership ... He started it . The Visitors have sleeper cells everywhere . Yeah , and so do we . The Fifth Column is down , but it 's not out . We can win this . And if John May gets into this ... He 'll bring an army . He 's regained consciousness ? Yes , but there was a lot of damage . We 're still unsure if he 's going to remember anything . He has to . He was a highly placed sleeper for almost 20 years . We have to know if he was compromised , and if so , by whom . I understand . You 're awake . I 'm Joshua . You gave us quite a scare . What ? You 're on the New York mother ship . We don 't usually get guys like you up here . It 's kind of a big deal , actually . You 're a real hero . Yeah ? What 'd I do ? You were stabbed . Whoever did it was going for your heart . If you were human , they would 've killed you . Joke 's on them , right ? You were left for dead . Post-traumatic amnesia . It might take a while before it all comes back . I need you to help me remember who did this to me . V I S I T O R S Season 1 , episode 3 , " A Bright New Day " At the center of the growing protest movement against the V 's is a woman named Mary Falkner . Mrs. Falkner , the widow of lieutenant David Falkner , whose f-16 fighter jet went down the day the V 's arrived , has been on a hunger strike for six days . She has gathered quite a following , and she had this to say yesterday ... they say the V 's medical cures can save lives . But how does that make up for the death of my husband ? Or the 642 other souls around the world who were killed that day in accidents caused by their arrival ? The FBI are on their way . This Falkner widow is gonna speak live on national television ... Outside our building . I heard . It 's planned for later today . She 's becoming the face of the protest movement . Give me as much information on Mary Falkner as you can . I wanna know everything about her ... Her dead husband , her child , her family . We have to stop this now . I feel like this is all my fault , man . If you hadn 't punched that dude in front of Lisa , you 'd be going in there with me right now . I know I screwed up this whole peace ambassador thing , But , uh , I 'll find a way to make it right . Well , maybe Lisa could talk to somebody . I don 't want to get her in any more trouble . We 've had multiple calls from this guy . Profiled as mid to late 20 's , white male , mentally unstable . Ex-military ? He knows his weapons Based on those last calls , he 's not just blowin ' off steam . This guy 's got a plan . This is a volatile situation . Last thing we need is a panicked mob Or anything that might provoke that shooter to open fire , Which is we 'll be coordinating with V security . We 'll have to keep a low profile and work together . Each FBI agent will be partnered with a V. I don 't need a partner . It 's not up to you , Evans . Agent Evans , I have been assigned to you . I hope that won 't be a problem . No , it 's fine . I understand your reluctance . Your species is naturally mistrusting . First thing I 'm going to need is access to your surveillance center . That 's in our restricted zone . I know . This is your surveillance for the whole center ? Your government gave us this building when we got here . We didn 't really have time to change anything . We need to adjust these two cameras in the north courtyard . There 's a blind spot between them . Our shooter is not gonna stand out . He 'll try to appear casual . Look for baseball hats , hands in pockets ... Anyone whose agenda does not fit their surroundings . There is one thing . If there are injuries , we 'd like assurances that our people will be treated by our own medical staff . No offense intended . No , I completely understand . You ready to go ? Yeah . Let 's go . George . George . George Sutton . It 's Erica . Leave a message . Erica , it 's me . I think we just got our first break . You know the guy ... the guy who led the warehouse meeting ? I think I found him . So what do you want from me ? We gotta find others who will help . Who 's Cyrus ? An old friend , a Fifth Column member . We fought together before I met you . I 'm on my way to see him now . And you think he 's gonna help ? He was my right hand . The way he used to fight those V 's ... We 'd say he had a death wish . Ah , still , that 's one guy . We 're gonna need a lot more than that . Nobody had better contacts in the column than he did . Why don 't you come with me ? No . No , it 's gonna be a while before I recruit again . I gotta do this , Georgie . Someone 's gotta put the column back together . Strength in numbers . We 're closed for remodeling ! Can 't you read the sign ? ! You always were a rude bastard , Cyrus . Ryan . What the hell are you doing here , man ? I 'll give you 29 guesses . Let the record show that the captains of all 29 ships Are present for the briefing . Today a historic day . Though we continue to gain ground in diplomatic areas , We must not underestimate the importance of popular opinion Among humanity . Opinions can easily change . Monitor them , and if necessary , Shape those opinions within your territories . By doing so , We can stop any resistance before it starts . Go forward . What do you know about what happened ? You were taking out a human resistance group . You sent out a distress signal . Recover team picked you up at a warehouse . You were the only V that survived . How bad was this ? When they brought you in , you were wide-open . So whoever did this saw my true face . I 've uploaded a complete dossier on Mary Falkner to your console . Thank you . You 're wondering why I 'm so focused on a single woman When we have so many global concerns . That had crossed my mind , yes . Mary Falkner 's life is in ruins , and she blames us . That kind of hatred is contagious . We have to make an example of her so that she doesn 't infect others . Hello ? George ? Mr. Sutton ? What are you doing in here ? I 'm sorry . I , uh ... I didn 't think anyone was ... I 'm , uh , looking for George Sutton . He doesn 't live here anymore . One does . Do you know how to contact him ? Is this because of the murders ? Are you counseling him or something ? Sorry , the what ? His family ... they were all killed . They 've been implementing a plan that will result in the extermination of every man , woman and child on the face of this earth . He went a little crazy after that . He said aliens did it . Look , it 's ... it 's , uh , it 's really important that I speak with him . If you have any way of contacting him , would you , please ? - Priests got cards now ? - Yeah . You can tell him I was at the warehouse . He 'll know what that means . It 's not like it was . Most everybody 's scattered to the wind . Yeah , but you 're still in touch with some of the best , right ? Yeah , we had a hell of a crew . Well , you did the hard part , I 'm kinda hoping you 'd be the first to enlist . Gotta get the column back together . I got some names and numbers in the back . Best I can do right now . Okay . Grab my glasses off that table , would you ? What the hell you doin ' , Cyrus ? You don 't know what it 's been like . I gotta turn you over to them now . They 're on their way . What 'd they promise you ? They told me they 'd reconnect me ... If I turned in enough Fifth Column . How many did you turn in ? Does it matter ? - All I need is one more . - They 're not gonna reconnect you , Cyrus ! They 're gonna get as many Fifth Column out of you As they can , and then they 're gonna skin you alive . That 's what they 're gonna do ! No , they 're gonna help me . They have to help me . Don 't you miss it ? Everything Anna gave to us ... don 't you miss the bliss ? The bliss ? The bliss is how she controlled us , Cyrus . Just like junkies , man . And that 's what you are . You 're nothing but a junkie , Just like the rest of ' em . They promised me . I 'll be reconnected . They promised me ! You gotta be alive to be reconnected . This is the best vantage point on the property ? You tell me . There 's a guard missing , corner of the building . He stole a V jacket . The shooter is wearing a V jacket . Get medical assistance now ! Our shooter is wearing a V uniform . That 's him . I think I just spotted our shooter . What 's going on ? He 's headed into the building . What 's your 20 on him ? He 's in the building . The suspect , white male , brown hair . Cover the room , go . Control the elevator . Understood . All agents , spread out . Suspect last seen inside the building . What 's your 20 on him ? He 's in the building . Gun ! Everybody down ! Aah ! Stay down ! Aah ! Stay down ! The V 's are a plague ? Don 't you get it ? Yeah , I get it . get up . We have a holding room this way . From the little we know about the incident , there were no casualties as a result of the attack . We 're still trying to get word on whether the shooting was directly connected to the Visitors receiving their visas today . We 'll update you with more information as we get it . reporting live from the Peace Ambassador Center , I 'm Chad Decker for WNT news . Dude , did you set this up ? Catch you later . Hi . Hey . Got your visa today , huh ? Yeah . So what do you think of New York ? Still getting the hang of this whole earth thing , you know ? Yeah , me , too . I ... I spoke to the counsel today . You 're back in the ambassador program . Seriously ? Yeah . That 's ... A-and you came all the way here to tell me ? Actually , somebody told me that the pizza here is amazing . Thank you , agent Evans . I may have misjudged you . We 'll take him now . Uh , excuse me ? It 's complicated . They 'll take it from here . I 'll meet you in front of the building . Sure . I 'll be outside . You should consider joining . We have peace ambassadors all over the world . - Good , this is good . - Yes . To lose someone so close ... It 's devastating . Our families are our greatest treasure . Our families are our greatest gift . Your son ... Your son ... is devastated . I am so sorry for your loss . I am so sorry for your loss . I am so sorry for your loss . Together , we will help each other heal . Only together can we hope for the future . Only together can we heleach other heal . Together . It 's time . I 'm so sorry to surprise you like this . I would be honored if you 'd grant me a few moments of your time . Why should I listen to anything that you have to say ? I 'd like to offer my heartfelt condolences for your loss . This was the only way we could meet without causing a scene . Please . Thank you . There 's , uh , someone who 'd like to meet you . Agent Evans , I just wanted to thank you in person . Your quick action saved my life . I blame instinct and training . Nonetheless , it 's deeply appreciated . Anything else I can ever do , please don 't hesitate . And vice versa . Where are we ? I made this construct based on your neural scans . Sometimes familiar places can bring up memories . Do you recognize anything ? I worked here . My desk was right over ... I can 't believe you lived with another species all those years . That must 've been amazing . If by " amazing " you mean smelly , crowded and disgusting ? And dangerous ... All that undercover work you did ? Well ... It wasn 't like I was the only V at the bureau . Hey , I just remembered that . Good . That 's a good sign . If you can remember your life , then what happened on that night is going to come back to you . You have no idea how disgusting it was To wake up next to a human every morning . My wife , Erica , used to brush her hair in the kitchen . Who does that ? I believe your wife 's name was Joselyn . Erica was your partner here at the FBI . Right . Erica ... Erica cracked my head open . She saw my true face . She knows . We gotta go . - Where are we going ? - You gotta send me back down . I 'm going to kill her . Heard you were looking for me . you were at the warehouse . Turn around . I brought the photos . Yeah , you were with the blonde , the mouthy one . Her name 's Erica , and ... she 's an FBI agent . What the hell were you two doing there ? and how do I know you didn 't bring the V 's down on our heads ? Because I know who did . It was Erica 's partner dale . He was a v. she killed him . What do you want from me ? We 're trying to find anyone who survived . We need to stick together . Every time we try to come together , They crush us . And f.y.i. , leaving your card with people will get you killed . I saw the pictures at your house . Your family ... it was the V 's , wasn 't it ? The V 's were responsible for their deaths . - That 's none of your business . - I don 't know you , And I don 't know what you 've been through , but if you 're anything like me , this whole ... this whole thing has made you feel alone . Lost . There 's strength in numbers . We need to stick together , George . It 's Georgie . Georgie . You 're sure Erica was the only one who saw you ? Sure . And she was meeting with other human resistance members . She 's not even gonna know what hit her . You 're right , because I 'm not letting you go back down . Come again ? If half the things that you say about Erica are true , She 's going to make an excellent ally . Ally ? You son of a bitch , you 're a traitor ! The Fifth Column says hello . This is Chad Decker , reporting live from the New York Peace Ambassador Center , where Mary Falkner , the voice of the anti-V movement , is approaching the podium . I began this day as I have every day since I lost my husband , the same way that every family member who lost a loved one on the day the Visitors arrived with an unbearable emptiness , and , like most of you , with an anger towards those responsible for our loss . But something changed for me ... Something I ... I never expected . I had a quiet conversation with someone who not only eased my suffering , but ... who helped me understand that ... my husband did not die in vain , someone that reminded me that only hope and trust can heal us , and that what we share with those we feared is far greater that anything that divides us ... Anna . Today , a man possessed by hate tried to kill one of my people . But this real target ... was peace ... The same peace lieutenant Falkner gave his life to defend . We will not diminish this brave soldier 's sacrifice by answering in kind . We remain of peace ... Always . Show me . By the time we got here , it was too late . Who would 've done this ? There will be no peace . This is , uh , my room . It 's nice . You don 't really care much about my room , do you ? Hey , Ty ? I 'm so sorry . I ... My mom doesn 't like the V 's . I can 't let her see me like this . I 'll ... I 'll be ... I mean , I 'll be right back . God , I hate her . Tyler ? - You are here . - Yeah What 's up ? You okay ? Um , do you have company ? - No . - No . Why ? Okay ... Uh ... Y-uh , you should , um , you should put your clothes on , And , um ... Take her home . We 'll talk later . I thought this would be better than your mom seeing me in my uniform . ( Chad ) The anti-V protest movement was dealt a serious blow this afternoon , as the day 's top two news stories seemed to dovetail into a P.R. win for the Visitors . Mary Falkner 's speech forgiving the V 's for the death of her husband combined with Anna 's response to an assassination attempt at the Peace Ambassador Center has resulted in an outpouring of new support for the Visitors . Well done today . Coming up , the only interview Mary Falkner plans to give detailing her extraordinary meeting with Anna , and she 's giving it to me . My exclusive interview with Mary Falkner next . There were hundreds of images , all ... all of this surveillance footage , being captured by the damn jackets . We have to be careful ... what we do , who we talk to . What were you thinking , going to find this guy today ? You could 've been killed . I just wanted to be useful . You were . You are . It 's okay . I 'm glad you came . Georgie , this is ... this is Erica . You wanna put that away ? I brought a friend . We gotta build the ranks , right ? Hello . Hello . Tyler 's the one . We should use him . You 're doing an excellent job . I am proud . Thank you , mother . V I S I T O R S V , s.1 ep.3 , USA , 2009 Transcript : honeybunny , Zapachoo ( addic7ed ) Synchronization corrections : andromeda
