 ( Lucy , Narrator ) in my life , I 've seen New York City under full quarantine . The Midwest , overrun , devastated by pests . Plagues sweep across California . And then what happened next was something none of us saw coming . it became a race against time to save our future , to even have a future . it 's the year 2100 and i survived . ( VO ) To change the future , first you have to imagine it . 'Earth 2100 " starts now . The idea that within this century , perhaps in your lifetime , our civilization could lie in ruins seems unbelievable . But according to some of the world 's leading minds , that 's not just a worst-case scenario , it 's a real possibility . Good evening , I 'm Bob Woodruff . Over the next two hours , we 'li take you on ajourney into a world thatcould await us and our children . 370,000 babies will be born today . And we 've taken the liberty of creating one more , a fictional character we 're calling Lucy , who will be our guide through this century . Her life story is not a prediction aboutwhatwill happen , but what might happen . ( Lucy ) This once glorious city , whose lights at night could be seen for miles , empty now . its towering skyscrapers , once a testament to our ingenuity , now stand as crumbling monuments to our demise . Maybe only artists can grasp what that kind of future really holds for us . It 's perhaps in the area that we think of today as science fiction , but that could be a very real future forthe planet . A hundred years from now , if New York is abandoned , I can imagine some advanced creatures , maybe humans , maybe extraterrestriaIs , looking at New York and saying , those ignorant people , how on Earth could they have ever expected to survive ? ( Lucy ) i can ask myself what happened , but where do i begin ? With the droughts , the famines , the plague ? it began long before ali that . i lived through it ali . My story is everyone 's story , the story of the last century . ( Lucy ) i was born June 2nd , 2009 . Civllization was at a crossroads . We were in a race for our future . ( Barack Obama ) Today , i say to you that the challenges we face are real . They are serious and they are many . ( VO ) The temperature is expected to keep going up . ( VO ) The stock market plunged . ( VO ) Dougias County will run out of drinking water . ( Barack Obama ) They will not be met easily or in a short span of time . ( VO ) Sixth grader came down with suspected swine flu on Wednesday . Energy , climate , food , population , economic pressures , any one of these challenges might be very serious in itself . But because they 're happening ali simultaneously , it 's going to be very difficult for our governments to cope . When I Iook at the next century , I feel it 's up for grabs . - ( VO ) Raising sea levels ... - Catastrophic weather . - Ten-year drought ... - it 's scary . These are things that are happening today . The time for action is now . ( Lucy ) The world had never known such uncertainty . We were used to having what we wanted and doing what we wanted . The analogy that I would draw is someone looking at their bank account and week afterweek , they 're withdrawing money and they 're enjoying the good life . If they would botherto read the statements , they would see that the bank account is dropping $ 900 , $ 800 , $ 700 , $ 600 . And at that rate you know that another six months of the good life is not gonna be a good life anymore . We 've acted as though we were independent ofthe environment . We burned fossil fuels . We 've overused our renewable resources in the belief thatwe could do that forever . people are complaining about the economic crisis we have right now . You haven 't seen nothing yet . You know , if we continue down this suicidal pathway thatwe 're on , where we basically turn living stuff into dead stuff and cali that economic growth , this will look like the good old days . ( Lucy ) Aithough the world i was born into was running out of so much , water , oli , land , i remember a loving family , a big house , green lawn , more water than we knew what to do with . My parents must have known what was happening . We had a compact car and recycled . And it wasn 't just us . Smart , imaginative people everywhere were working furiously on solutions . Our government was pouring money into alternative energy . it seemed like everyone was growing their own vegetable garden . Windmllis were sprouting up ali over . Peopie were beginning to understand . But the clock was running out , and nature was always one step ahead . flowers are blooming earlier and trees are leafing earlier . Birds are coming back from migration much earlier . If you were to pull back from the Earth , what you would see is sort of a refugee movement , if you will . And species are moving their ranges farther north to get to cool , from south to north , and from the valleys up to the mountain tops . ( Lucy ) Of course , as a child , i didn 't notice these things , having nothing to compare it to . i was a little girl enchanted by my small world . Untli one summer , thousands , maybe millions , of dragonflies showed up out of nowhere . They were delicate and beautiful and i put one in a jar . My mother was puzzled and looked them up . They were supposed to be in Cuba , not Miami . it was not until much later that i realized they were a sign of what was to come . It 's 2015 , six short years from now , and the best-Iaid plans are getting underway . Awave farm off scotland is harnessing the ocean 's energy . vatican City has gone totally solar . And here in America , cars are running cleaner and more efficiently . Stlli , we cling to that old habit , oli , and it 's getting harder and more expensive to find . ( VO ) From coast to coast , motorists are searching for relief from soaring gas prices in California ... We could see a doubling ortripling of real oil prices , that 's after inflation . We 're running out of oil and we 've created a society , the American way of life is what we call it , based on the assumption that oil will be plentiful forever . The large spread out suburbs that we 've grown accustomed to , the strip malls , the big box stores with theirenormous parking lots around them , ali of those have been made possible because we 've had cheap gasoline , and as energy becomes much more expensive , you 'li see that those areas become less desirable places to live . ( Lucy ) The first time i moved , i was six . A lot of people were leaving the suburbs for the city . There were new jobs , and you didn 't need a car for everything . My dad was going to work on the new streetcar system in Miami . And my mother told me we were going to live on the top floor of an apartment building . She said we 'd see the palm trees below us . i was excited , but also a little sad to leave . ( VO ) As the price of oil goes up , it will ripple through every part of the global economy . ( Reporter ) in Washington today , protesters demanded an end to rising food prices . Our agriculture system is almost wholly dependent on cheap oil . Tremendous amounts of diesel fuel that are used in planting and harvesting and then moving the stuff , ali these vast distances . By 2015 in the United States , add about 20 million people to the population and thenjust play outwhat that does to consumption patterns . I mean , the , the number of people that we 've got to feed . There 'sjust basically this slow , creeping tension for natural resources . ( VO ) As the American way of life becomes increasingly unsustainable , the rest of the world will be trying to catch up . The Chinese like cars . And they like big cars . You have 14,000 cars out onto China 's roads daily . Incomes are rising really rapidly . They 're moving into meat-based diets . You need 10 pounds of grain to get one pound of meat . There is simply no way that the rest of the world can start eating meat the way we do . ( VO ) if everyone in the world consumed as much as the average American , it would take the resources of four Earths to support the planet 's population , which raises the question , should the rest of the world consume less , or should we ? American habits , though , are hard to break . We in the US have gotten used to the idea that we 're somehow immune to natural limits and it 's the other people who are going to suffer . ( Reporter ) Good morning , Miami . The summer of 2015 is on track to become one of the hottest in history . Temperatures are expected to be in the triple digits . ( Lucy ) My mother and i were waiting for gas . The line went around the block and then some . Nothing new . But this time , the line had stopped moving altogether . A man who worked at the gas station came out holding a sign . Peopie started yelling and they got out of their cars and started moving towards him . My mother got us out of there fast . ( Vidographer , Maie ) i 've been staking out an area that 's been hit hard recently by gas snatchers . Look at him , he gets out , walks right up to the car . Wow . Look at this , right in the middle of the day . There 's cars going by , and these guys are - siphoning gas out of someone 's car . ( Reporter ) in the face of mounting protests over rising gas and food prices , Congress today approved a plan to fund the construction of 40 new coai-fired power plants over the next five years . ( Lucy ) The country took the easy way out . Coai was once again touted as our so-calied salvation . But the more coal we burned , the faster our planet warmed . You get the picture . We 're spewing more carbon , more methane , more nitrous oxide into the atmosphere . Ali the bad things of climate change are coming true . ( Lucy ) And most people werejust going along with their everyday lives as if nothing had changed . And until we have a crisis of some kind , I don 't think we 're going to be motivated to wake up and say , okay , now we have to change . Sometimes it takes a big shock to get people , you know , out of the inertia that , that , that 's built into the system . ( Reporter ) They 're calling it the storm of the century , Hurricane Linda packing Category 5 winds . ( Lucy ) Big storms weren 't unusual . But this one was bigger than the others . And it was headed for Miami . ( Reporter ) Ali coastal regions are being evacuated . This storm makes landfall , we 're going to see a tremendous storm surge . ( Lucy ) My mother was a nurse and she wouldn 't leave until ali the sick were evacuated from the hospital . My father was afraid we wouldn 't get out in time . i was afraid too . ( Reporter ) Those who make the decision not to evacuate face life threatening danger , between the howling winds and those giant surging waves . Miami is a very scary place to be right now . ( Bob Woodruff ) 2015 is only six years away , but many experts say that if the world has not reached an agreement to massively reduce greenhouse gases by then , we could pass the point of no return . If we 're still dragging ourfeet in 2015 , it really becomes almost impossible forthe world to avert a degree of climate change thatwe simply will not be able to manage . The Iongerwe waitwithout addressing these challenges in an aggressive way , the more likely it is we 're going to end up with really bad outcomes . ( Repoter ) This morning , in the aftermath of Hurricane Linda , we are seeing the first images of what remains of Miami . ( Reporter ) Neighboring communities have been overwhelmed by hundreds of thousands of evacuees seeking refuge . ( Lucy ) The evacuation center was as big as an airplane hangar . Maybe it was an airplane hangar . And sojammed with people , it was hard to move . it was hot . it was noisy . We were there three weeks . There was nowhere for us to go . Nowhere for anybody to go . We watched the news on TV . i was only six , but it looked to me like the whole world was in trouble . ( Repoter , ) Some 250,000 Bangiadeshi refugees fleeing from last month 's devastating cyclone are massing on the indian border . ( Reporter , Maie ) Thousands riot as China faces its worst wheat shortages in a decade , the result of seemingly endless drought . ( Reporter , Femaie ) Worid leaders are gathering in Washington , DC to attend an emergency global summit meeting . ( Reporter ) Hopes are high that the world might finally reach an historic climate agreement . This is the first time the whole planet is in that kind of a crisis and the whole planet has tojoin in meeting a crisis of epicaI proportions . ( Bob Woodruff ) in 2008 , the Center for the New American Security , a Washington think tank , staged an elaborate game . The goal was to simulate a global summit on climate change . The year is 2015 . The context for the game is Lucy 's context . Miami has been devastated by a hurricane , and Bangiadesh ravaged by a cyclone . The people who are playing the roles of global leaders are in fact high level policymakers from around the world . ( John Podesta ) Let me be very clear , ourtime is running out . ( Bob Woodruff ) John Podesta , President Obama 's transition chief , is playing the role of UN Secretary Generai . Indeed today , in October of 2015 , no country , no city is exempt from the ravages of climate change as we saw so tragically with the Category 5 hurricane that hit Miami . ( Bob Woodruff ) in the game , the Secretary Generai has asked for a 30 % reduction in emissions by 2025 . The US team holds a ciosed-door strategy session . It 's very important for us to strike that very positive leadership tone right out of the box . We have to be much faster and more serious about emission reductions . We need to do 30 % . - By 2025 ? - By 2025 . ( Woodruff ) But there 's a strong disagreement about whether the American public would be willing to make that kind of sacrifice . Basicaliy , the odds of a 30 % reduction in the United States in 10 years is zero . The world is going to heli in a hand basket and we 're saying , gee , can we stretch this out ? ( Woodruff ) Even if the United States were willing to make these reductions , this is a global crisis that needs global action . The US calls a meeting with China . We have an inherent responsibility to our people to take action . in 2015 , China and india are in fact projected to account for more than 30 % of the world 's carbon emissions . But in the simulation , they 're unwilling to agree to a treaty they feel limits their economic growth . For both countries , the issue is fairness . The Western countries went through a very energy intensive development process , became rich by burning coal and burning oil . Can countries like India and China do it without burning as much fossil fuel as the West ? We have to go greener . You have the technology and you have the capital and you 're prepared to help us grow on a greener path . China and india say they will agree to the cuts in greenhouse gas emissions only if the West hands over the technology needed to do so . China would wish to get the technology forthe third generation of nuclear power plants . But Europe and the US refuse . The technology belongs to private companies . instead , they offer to help pay the costs of switching to cleaner energy . You do the emissions reduction , and we give the money for the emissions reduction that you 've done . If - somebody , you know , you have the money but you do not have the technology , and then you cannot reduce any emissions . The whole summit hinges on whether they can come to an understanding . So we 're not putting any pressures . We 're just offering , and I think it 's a good offer . We do not accept the offer . ( Repoter ) The planet summit broke down today when China and india refused to agree to cuts in greenhouse gas emissions . ultimately , ali the teams fell short . That perhaps is the , the saddest element coming out of this , which is the pace of changejust doesn 't seem to be in keeping with the magnitude ofthe challenge . ( Bob Woodruff ) Scientists say that if this is how our leaders respond in 2015 , the entire planet will be at risk . If we continue on the business-as-usuaI trajectory , there will be a tipping point that we cannot avert . We will indeed drive the car overthe cliff . ( Lucy ) There was a story my mother once told me i 'li never forget . You put a frog in a pot of cold water and turn the heat on . The water warms so gradually that the frog doesn 't notice . it never realizes the precise moment it 's cooked . The frog will sit there because it 's not able to detect the small changes in temperature that are making his life increasingly dangerous . And we 're in the same sort of situation . We 're so adaptable in our evolution as a species , an adaptability that 's allowed us to really , in a sense , conquer nature and conquerthe world . Butat this point , that adaptability is actually a real threat to our existence . ( Lucy ) As i grew up , it became increasingly clear that we were the frogs . After our home was destroyed by the hurricane , my famliy moved to San Diego . Maybe because it was as far away from Miami as we could get . ( Repoter , Femaie ) Finaliy , this evening , saving our seas . The federal government has released a major assessment on the oceans . The news is not good . it 's going to be tough to drive this summer . Gas prices are expected to soar even higher . ( Reporter , Maie ) increased heat speeds up evaporation cycles . in fact , these changes can be seen worldwide ... Scientists report from the Arctic the tundra is thawing faster than expected . ( Reporter , Femaie ) The United Nations announced today that there are now eight billion people living on Earth . ( Lucy ) it 's amazing what you can come to take for normal . By the time i was in my 20s , shortages and higher prices were just a fact of everyday life . After high school , i decided to train as an EMT . i wanted to be useful , and this seemed the perfect kind of work . So what else will be normal in 2030 ? One thing , itwill be warmer , about one and a half degrees Fahrenheitwarmer . Enough to dramatically aIterthe planet 's weatherand rainfall . Canada and Siberia , for example , will be wetter and hotter . Butfor much of the world , rain will be scarce . And so will its most basic need , water . By 2030 , two-thirds of the world 's population will be underwater stress . ( Bob Woodruff ) in Asia , for example , glaciers on the Tibetan Plateau act as a giant reservoir for billions of people . Ali overthe world , as the climate warms , mountain glaciers are melting at faster and faster rates . By 2030 , 80 % of those glaciers may be gone . if the glaciers disappear , much of the food supply will disappear , as weli . These glaciers provide stream flow in the summer during the dry months that you can use to irrigate your crops . When those glaciers are gone , you 've got a massive drought situation . in 2030 , Africa could be facing extreme and widespread drought . Rainfali levels are gonna continue to drop over time in Africa , especially in these fragile regions , like the sahel . When the rains fall and people don 't have enough to eat , they often turn to desperate means to survive . ( Bob Woodruff ) And in the US in 2030 , many of the massive reservoirs fed by the Coiorado River will be drying up . We talk about the Southwest moving into drought as , as a way to , to describe what 's gonna happen . Buttechnicaliy , the Southwest , it 's not gonna be in drought , it 's gonna become a desert . ( Lucy ) in San Diego , they were ahead of the game . in 2009 , they had started building huge desalination plants . it took 20 years and cost billions of dollars , but it worked . The massive plants on the ocean turned saltwater into fresh , and the city 's water supply was restored . 400 miles inland , though , they were running out . And no one had enough money to bulid a pipe that long . So now , we 're here rationing water I mean , people who are in Las vegas are starting to totally panic . people in Phoenix are starting to panic , too . When I turn on my tap this morning , this is what I get out of my tap . Something thatwill catch people 's attention is the first city , rich city in the world , thatjust runs out of water . ( Repoter , Femaie ) Three days after Tucson 's taps ran dry , its parched residents finally got relief when a convoy of Nationai Guard tanker trucks carrying one million gallons of water finally arrived . Anxious residents lined up to get their allotment . ( Lucy ) What happened there scared the whole country . in San Diego , when the private companies who desalinated our water used Tucson as an excuse and jacked up our water prices , i decided enough was enough . i went to a rally . A man standing next to me saw me yelling and said , " i 'm glad you 're on our side . " To make a short story even shorter , we fell in love on the spot . Two months later , Josh and i were married . A year later , our daughter , Moliy , was born , with a head full of red hair . And the desalination companies , they backed down . We had won . Josh and i had friends who , like us , were determined to reimagine the future . We were all of us optimists . Some of us worked on solar plants in the desert . Others tinkered with super efficient cars in their garages . Stlli , others designed fantasticai cities on their computers . it was an exciting time to be young . But it was becoming clear that the problems of the world knew no borders . ( Reporter , Maie ) Giobai population is now approaching nine billion . Seems unlikely to me that we here in America can sit happily with ali of our resources while the rest of the world simply goes quietly into that good night . very few people lay down and die . When they recognize that their lives are threatened , they do whatever it takes . ( Reporter , Maie ) Hundreds of thousands of environmental refugees fleeing drought and famine are streaming toward Europe . They will move across borders by the droves , by the millions . And thatwill be something we 've never seen before . And that might be the thing thatwe would find the most difficult to cope with . ( Reporter , Femaie ) From Laredo to Tijuana , millions of Latin Americans are massing along the US border . You 'li see intense pressure for people to move and be on the move from the Caribbean , from Latin America , from Mexico in particular , into the United States . And that 'li put huge stress , I think , on , on the systems in the United States to try to cope with that . I can 't imagine the horrors that will take place on the border as millions of refugees try to get into the United States . ( Lucy ) i was working the midnight shift when a cali came from the border police . 'Be careful , " Josh said . " This doesn 't sound good . " Thousands of refugees had been arriving at the border desperate for water and food . Someone had blown a hole through the wali , and thousands of people were streaming through . They had called in the border police . i don 't know how it started , who fired first . But suddenly , the police were shooting into the crowd . There were people falling , panic everywhere . Josh heard it on the news . And how he found me in the midst of ali that chaos i 'li never know . in San Diego , Josh and Moliy and i took long walks on the beach to look for birds . Over the years , our favorites started to disappear . The worst was the end of the albatross . These marvelous birds had finally been done in by fishermen 's long lines . it was a bad omen for the rest of us . probably a third of ali species will be on an inexorable path to extinction by 2015 . They will include familiar species , like lions and tigers and bears , but there will also be huge areas of the planet , which presently are really lovely and beautiful and diverse . Those places will have essentially disappeared . ( Bob Woodruff ) in the history of the Earth , there have been five mass extinctions , in which at ieast half the species on Earth disappeared . They were caused by natural disasters , massive volcanic eruptions , rapid climate change , meteors hitting the Earth . Today , in the 21st century , we are in the midst of what scientists are calling the sixth extinction . And for the first time , it is being caused by a single species , us . When one species proliferates beyond any other , ultimately , it sort of knocks out its own life supportsystems and it collapses . And in a way , that 's what we 're doing at every level around the world . ( Bob Woodruff ) Today in 2009 , the idea that we could do so much damage to our natural environment that it could cause our global civilization to collapse , may seem farfetched . Think of ali the signs of normalcy . Water is still coming out of the faucet in my kitchen . The electricity still turns on . I buy food at the supermarket . It seems inconceivable that our modern world could collapse . Every society that collapsed thought it couldn 't happen to them . The Roman Empire thought it couldn 't happen . The Maya civilization thought it couldn 't happen . The Byzantine Empire thought itcouldn 't happen , but it did . And it usually creeps up on you unforeseen . ( Bob Woodruff ) At its peak , the Maya civilization numbered more than 10 million . They had astronomy . They had the only writing in the new world . They had great art . They were the biggest game in town . They are the equivalent of us in their , in their era . These city centers were supporting 25,000 to 50,000 people . So , they were very well adapted to their , their surroundings they were able to grow . But they grew too much and exhausted their resources . Growing population , meaning growing the demands on the land , deforestation and soli erosion , which tied into warfare . There was chronic warfare among the Maya city states . ( Bob Woodruff ) And then , the climate suddenly changed . There were these series of extended droughts . And those droughtsjust kept hammering away and hammering away . You lose yourforest . You lose your soil . If you lose your soil , you can 'tgrow anything . And if it stops raining , then forget about it . The endgame for the Maya must have been horrible indeed . It 's highly likely there were also periods of starvation . It 's a truly hideous and ugly way to die . ( Woodruff ) The Roman Empire faced many of the same problems that we face today . Itwas kind of a precursor of our globalized economy . in just a few short centuries , Rome built an empire that stretched across three continents . As it expanded , the requirements for simply feeding its cities and feeding its army , it became so large that the empire couldn 'tgenerate enough food energy , enough grain , to adequately meet ali its obligations . So , there was a constant fiscal crisis and financial crisis . ( Bob Woodruff ) As resources ran out , their empire collapsed . The city of Rome itself went from a million people down to perhaps 30,000 , and thatwas the largest city in Western Europe at the time . Civllizations in the past have lost the fight . I mean , they , they have collapsed as a result of the inability to deal with several different events going on at once . And so , you know , I think the takeaway is that , honestly , we 're not that special . ( Bob Woodruff ) Easter island , one of the most remote places in the world . it 's hard to imagine that a civilization once thrived on such a barren island , but it didn 't always look like this . Easter island used to be covered by a forest of dozens of tree species , including the biggest palm tree in the world . ( Woodruff ) But as their population grew , so too did their demand for wood . As they gradually cut down more and more trees , the trees didn 't grow back rapidly enough to replace the trees thatwere being cut down . So , some time in the 1600s , the Iast tree was cut down . You saw ali of the classic signatures of collapse . The population plummeted . There was starvation . And essentially , they turned to cannibalism . The question is , whatwas that person on Easter island thinking when they chopped down the Iast tree ? The pattern is clear . ( Bob Woodruff ) Civllizations that grow too large and consume too much damage their own life support systems . As resources run out , they begin to fight each other over what little is left . Then , they either starve or leave . But in our case , where can we go ? I think Easter island is the perfect metaphor because it 's this small , fragile island sitting within the Pacific Ocean , it 's very remote , and , and it no Iongerwas able to sustain the population that lived there . It 's no different than Earth being this small planet in a vast galaxy . Think about that cartoon movie that was made about the beatles music , 'Yeliow Submarine . " There was a creature in it . " YELLOW SUBMARINE " Hey , look who 's back . Fuli speed ahead . Its head is a funnel that functions as a vacuum cleaner . suddenly , it 's run outofthings to pointat , there 's nothing left . So , it 's looking around for something . And finally , it looks down , sucks itself up . And then , we have a blank screen . Here we are . The moral of that story , by grabbing everything in sight , we 'li end up destroying ourselves . And by 2050 , the population is exploding , the rainforests are disappearing , and nine billion of us competing for ever scarcer resources . A bad situation made worse by widespread drought and huge migrations of people . Life is changing for everyone , including Lucy . ( Lucy ) My parents both got sick the winter of 2050 . it was a horrible flu that year . it seemed the viruses were getting worse each passing season . i kept them comfortable . And i 'm glad they were at home and together when they died . After that , there was nothing to keep us in San Diego . Josh and i decided it was time to leave . We were excited . Josh had been offered an amazing job in New York working on the sea barriers designed to protect the cities from the rising seas . There wasn 't much room in the truck . We took clothes , a few books , and 50 gallons of water . Everything else we left behind . ( VO ) GPS 2100 . Piease select your destination . New York City . Caicuiating safest route . ( Lucy ) We headed north across the Mojave Desert . By dusk , we were on the outskirts of Las Vegas and greeted by mile after mile of abandoned suburbs , and acres of golf courses turned to dust . The silence was eerie . Weli , by 2050 , Lake Mead , one of the great reservoirs of the Southwest on the colorado River has finally gone dry . There 's not enough water to meet human needs . ( Lucy ) Peopie in Las Vegas had depended on Lake Mead for almost all their water and power . Las vegas , I would imagine , is gone . With a drought like that , you 've got a city in - in the desert . And it 's gonna be really difficult to live there . ( Lucy ) When we got closer to the Strip , we were lucky to hook up with a convoy headed east . Las Vegas was a strange sight . Most of the hotels dark . Ali those neon lights gone dead . Sin City had pretty much folded . From there , we drove through Arizona . Daybreak . Rising out of the desert , we saw something wonderful . These huge , new solar plants . 50 square miles of reflectors . They hadn 't been built soon enough to help Las Vegas , but one day , they were supposed to power the whole West Coast . it was comforting to know . There 's tremendous possibility there in the desert Southwest . There 's a capacity to produce solar power and , and move it to where the great population centers of the United States are . ( VO ) The safest route headed east today is Route 40 . I think itwouId be almost impossible to do thisjourney unless you had some form of intelligence as to what areas are lawless or dangerous . I don 't think strangers are gonna be very friendly . ( Lucy ) By the time we got on to Route 15 , we were grimy and tired . The scene in front of us had jolted us out of our daze . Hundreds of people packed the road . Ali of them streaming out of the Southwest heading north . it felt like the Dust Bowi ali over again . Think what it wouId be like if we had millions of neighbors to the south heading north because of , they don 't have food and they don 't have water . They shouted at us as we drove past . Moliy was half out of the window , catching everything with her camera . Suddeniy , a man grabbed her arm . He had a gun and pointed it at Moliy 's face . 'Get out of the truck right now , " he yelled . i 'd never been so terrified . But within seconds , two men from the convoy pulled their own guns and the man melted back into the crowd . We knew now just how dangerous the border regions had become and how lucky we were to be headed east . Just as people were migrating , so too were the bugs . in Okiahoma , acres and acres of corn were threatened . To the degree that ali ecosystems are extremely stressed by 2050 , pests will flourish . There 's an arms race between breeding crops that are resistant to various pests and the pests themselves , because to the degree that we simplified ourfood system , we 've also made it massively vulnerable . For decades , this had been predicted . These giant farms , which supplied so much of the world 's food , were easy prey . people get their seeds from single orjust a few manufacturers , and they 're genetically very , very simliar . So , if in fact an agent were to come onto the scene thatwas capable of infecting one , itwouId rapidly spread . Haifway through Kansas , we split off from the convoy . They were headed north to Canada . We went east to Greensburg , Kansas , leaving the devastation behind . ( VO ) Weicome to the Greensburg Visitor Center . in 2007 , a tornado destroyed our town . Out of the rubble came a dream . ( Barack Obama ) A town that was completely destroyed by a tornado is being rebuilt as a global example of how clean energy can power an entire community , how it can bring jobs and businesses ... ( Lucy ) This was a wonderful place , completely seif-sustaining . They had been one of the first , and they knew what they were doing . They got their power from the wind and sun , their water from the rain , and they grew everything they ate . Feeling a lot better , we hot seated it the rest of the way . Compared to the Southwest , the fields were green and fertile . We saw some communities like Greensburg . We wished there were more . The closer we get to the end of ourjourney , the better we felt . The next day , we hit the outskirts of New York City . ( VO ) New York City is engaged in the greatest urban experiment of our time . Skyscrapers that grow their own food , to an ali-eiectric vehicle fleet , to clean and tranquil parks . inspired leaders and creative minds are working together to create an urban paradise . ( Lucy ) i looked across the George Washington Bridge at the skyline and felt a surge of hope , but underneath ran a trickle of worry . With ali we had seen , maybe we had seen nothing yet . ( Lucy ) By the middle of the century , i thought i 'd seen it ali . Storms , migrations , and droughts that had destroyed whole cities . But i had also seen so much more . Brliliant people everywhere were working furiously to change our future . i had a family , and together , i thought we might be equal to whatever came out way , but i had no idea of what the future would hold . It 's a new world . And not a better one , as we catch up with Lucy , ourfictionaI storyteller . The year is 2060 , past mid-century and into middle age for Lucy . At 51 , she has grown up in a world of soaring population , dwindling resources and intense climate change . The worst case scenario imagined by some experts is playing out . But there are signs of hope . A growing global movement led by cities like New York . New York is probably the most geographically favored city in America . Great port . Rich fisheries around it . This wonderful riverthat allows transport and access to great farmland . It 's a center of the arts . It 's been a center of finance . I think itwill continue to be so . ( Lucy ) After what we had been through , New York was a fresh start . The city was full of hope and energy and promise . You 'd walk down the streets and meet each other 's eyes and see a sense of purpose . it was a great place to be a part of back then . The first years we were there were the best of our lives . Josh was working as an engineer on the Great Barrier Project . i was at Believue Hospitai , a historic institution already more than 300 years oid . The building we lived in was green in every sense of the word . And Moliy worked in the gardens that grew our food . They were a part of the building itself . You 're going to see greenhouses , muItistory greenhouses . And each floor will be growing , you know , carrots and potatoes , etcetera . And thatwill be justconsidered normal . The building supplied not just our food , but most of our own energy . Instead of having solar panels , big heavy bulky things , we can just put this thin film on rooftops , on window panes and generate electricity thatway . i rode my bike to work every day , a mere 30 blocks . We had designated bicycle lanes . The traffic was manageable , and you could breathe the air . Ali the vehicles were electric . You hook your car up to a mega transport system . Itwill move you a good bit of the distance to yourfinaI destination . Kind of a train of cars . And then you get disconnected from the mass combination transit and drive the Iast little bit yourself . ( Lucy ) Moliy fell in love as quickly as her parents had . She married George , who was studying to become a botanist . A year later , my grandson Daniei was born . And a lovelier child i had never seen . it was a happy time . And when Moliy told me they were moving upstate to work on a real farm , Josh and i understood . it had always been their dream . The city was getting a lot of attention . And money flowed in , both private and public . The biggest and maybe the most important project was my husband Josh 's . Since without the barriers , the city was at risk . it would be the biggest civil engineering project in US history . Be comparable to putting man on the moon . ( Lucy ) The project had been under way for years , and those who worked on it had a tremendous sense of pride . There was three barriers going up . One at the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge , one at the top of the East River . And one in Staten island at Baton Hllis . You could see them rising a little every day . Sea level was rising . And without the barriers , big storms would flood the city . I think it wouId be like in medieval times , people building a beautiful huge cathedral . Took generations to bulid . And there was a great sense of purpose , and gave purpose and meaning to life . ( Lucy ) The project drew thousands of people into the city looking for work . New York City was then , as it had always been , a beacon of hope . New York , it will be a magnet as any viable city will be a magnet . These cities where people come to flee become petri dishes for diseases and new diseases and resistant forms of disease . There are a number of infectious diseases that are currently confined to tropical and subtropical areas . They 're likely to spread into temperate zones . And this is something that I 'm very concerned about . ( Lucy ) Keeping New York safe from disease was crucial . And Believue was busy . i didn 't feel as tired at end of the day as i might have . We were doing important work . Keeping a close eye on any new diseases . i remember the night i was called to the worker 's camps in Fiushing . A young Ecuadorian family had just arrived in New York . And they all had high fevers . And blisters on their hands and feet . We sprung into action immediately , closed off the neighborhood , and called in the CDC . They knew right away they were looking at a new virus . We set up a moblie clinic at the camps , where we treated dozens of workers and their families . Everyone recovered . And the disease was contained . Imagine now the year 2070 . Things are in danger of unraveling . Sea levels have risen nearly three feet , redrawing the map of the world . island nations have disappeared . Much of bangladesh reclaimed by the sea . Some of California 's famous beaches gone . The florida everglades , underwater . Now , the richest countries are being forced to come up with innovative and expensive solutions . Lucy 's husband , Josh , is one of the leaders . ( Lucy ) Josh was an engineer on the Great Barrier Project . After 30 years in the making , it was nearing completion . Within a few months , they would be testing the massive gates . If I was the engineer in charge , I would be very nervous . But you would have practice runs . And during nice weather , you would say , ali right , Iet 's close the gates today and make sure everything 's working right , it 's not going tojam up . ( Lucy ) Josh was worried about something else , too . New York City 's barriers , like others around the world , had been built on the assumption that sea level rise would be gradual . But it was becoming clear that might not be the case . ( Reporter ) Scientists say they are detecting a massive spike in the level of methane in the atmosphere . Climate in general doesn 't change smoothly the way , you know , we 're used to seeing projections from climate models . We find that the transitions from warm to cold or cold to warm , some of those transitions can be really , really abrupt . Abrupt meaning within the time scale of a decade , or sometimes even less than a decade . ( Lucy ) We knew there were certain things that could rapidly turn up the heat . But we didn 't know what that tipping point would be until it happened . Maybe the tipping point is you heat up the tundra and the permafrost so much thatthere 's a huge burp of methane and carbon dioxide out of those northern soils . Methane is a big worry in my mind because it 's some 20 to 30 times more potent than CO2 . ( Bob Woodruff ) An enormous reservoir of methane , produced by decomposing plants and animals , lies buried beneath the frozen arctic tundra . it has been there since the ice Age . if the tundra thaws and a large quantity of the gas is released , global temperatures would soar . This is a bit like a light switch . You push the light switch a little bit and nothing happens . You push a little bit more and nothing happens . Then you push it a little more and it flips completely to a new state . ( Reporter ) The methane emanating from the arctic could raise temperatures worldwide . ( Reporter , Femaie ) A panel of experts is convening to recalculate how warm the planet ... ( Reporter , Maie ) ... drasticaliy raise global temperatures ... This is what specialists cali a nonlinearflip or nonlinearchange . When that happens , we don 't know whatthe consequences will be . ( Reporter , Femaie ) Spiking global temperatures are wreaking havoc with the Greeniand ice sheet . ( Reporter , Maie ) Some fear that the colossal sheet is on the verge of collapse . Uniess drastic measures are taken , low lying coastal cities around the world could expect to see disastrous flooding . ( Reporter , Femaie ) Citizens are demanding their governments respond to the impending temperature ... The Pentagon today held closed door meetings to discuss climate change . ( Reporter , Maie ) Our top story tonight , the President is announcing the cosmic shield project which aims to halt the disintegration of the Greeniand ice sheet . Imagine that you are the president of the United States , and you have word that GreenIand is going to collapse in the next ten years , adding seven meters to sea level . I 'm not saying that is happening today . I 'm saying imagine thatwere to happen , and you were told that technology exists to stop it . WouIdn 'tyou be tempted to use it ? ( Lucy ) it didn 't take long for the world to agree . A technology existed that could stop the ice sheets from melting . it should be used . Hundreds of jets from ali around the world were spraying a mist of sulfur dioxide into the atmosphere . The gas would form particles which would shade the Earth and temporarily cool it . This is your solution of last resort . You say ali belts are off , we arejust going to intervene in this system with reckless abandon . For a year , there were these spectacular sunsets . But what are the other consequences of those things ? Maybe it wouId cool the Earth , maybe itwouId cool it too much . That might be a disaster in the opposite direction . Maybe itwouId cause some other environmental problem thatwe don 't foresee today . ( Lucy ) The Earth cooled . But that was the least of it . ( Reporter ) Tonight in Washington , there 's debate on whether to follow China and Great Britain and cease flying cosmic shield missions . We 've learned that in ali aspects of engineering , there are unintended consequences . ( Reporter , Femaie ) The Surgeon Generai testified before Congress today on the health effects of further ... ( Lucy ) The cloud was burning off the ozone layer . Once that was gone , every living creature would be exposed to a massive dose of radiation . The experiment was halted . Once they stopped spraying the gas , the ice sheets continued to melt , but now at a quicker pace . Sea level rise would soon be measured in feet , not inches . If you end up with several meters of sea level rise , you change life as we know it . ( Reporter ) in New York , watchdog groups are now suggesting storm surge barriers may be too low . ( Lucy ) Josh and the other engineers were working around the clock to try to bulid the barriers even higher . But we all knew we were in a race against time . Society is not set up to deal with rapid sea level rise . It would be a catastrophe of - a magnitude we 've never experienced . One of our political leaders said not too long ago that the American way of life is non-negotiabIe . We 're going to discoverthe hard way thatwhen you don 't negotiate the circumstances that are sent to you by the universe , you automatically get assigned a new negotiating partner named reality , and then itwill negotiate for you . You don 't even have to be in the room . ( Reporter ) A vicious nor 'easter is headed up the East Coast . it is expected to hit New York on the high tide this afternoon . Storm surge could be over 20 feet . ( Lucy ) As the storm approached , the engineers started closing the entire bay wall . it absolutely had to work or the city would be devastated . it was terrifying . Then the winds picked up and a gate got stuck . That 's a nightmare scenario , getting stuck halfway shut . Because the waterwill pour in and flood the city . ( Lucy ) A team was assembled to manually close the gate . They would have to go out into the harbor by boat . i asked Josh not to go . i begged him to stay safe with me . But this was his project . He had to see it through . ( Bob Woodruff ) Earth 2100 . Cities abandoned . Large parts of America suffering from drought . The possible collapse of civilization . The worst case scenario in tonight 's special broadcast sounds like something out a science fiction movie , but it is based on the work of some of the world 's foremost scientists and thinkers . if you want to learn more about how we developed our ideas , There you 'li find an annotated script of the entire program . For each scenario portrayed in our broadcast , we have included the expert quotes and facts on which we base this vision of the future . Ali ecosystems are extremely stressed by 2050 . You will also be able to view expanded sections of selected interviews . ( Reporter , Femaie ) Preliminary reports that one of the gates in the Great Barrier has failed to close . ( Reporter ) We 're awaiting confirmation from the mayor 's office . ( Lucy ) it was high tide when the storm hit . ( Reporter ) Fiooding in subway tunnels throughout ... ( Reporter , Femaie ) Four , five , and six trains are affected . ( Lucy ) The streets were filling with water . ( Reporter ) The mayor has made the decision to evacuate City Hali . ( Lucy ) Something had gone terribly wrong . ( Reporter , Femaie ) Seeing truly catastrophic flooding . The tide comes in and on top of that , the surge . ( Reporter ) The Holiand and Lincoin Tunneis are filling with seawater ... When New York began to flood , itwouId be total chaos . ( Reporter , Femaie ) There 's an evacuation order in effect for ... The Office of Emergency Management says we have to evacuate . We 've got a problem . The subway is full of seawater and itwill shut down . What do people do ? ( Reporter ) Authorities are now telling anyone still in the city to remain calm and stay inside . ( Lucy ) Outside , the storm raged . Ali i could do was wait for Josh to come home . When i heard the knock on my door , i knew . He died a hero , they said . But that was no comfort . i called Moliy and she wept . She wanted me to come live with her . But i couldn 't leave . i just couldn 't leave . ( Reporter ) ... looking at four or five feet of water . We could see the worst of this storm by 3.00 AM . ( Reporter , Femaie ) New Yorkers are going to wake up in a very different city tomorrow . ( Lucy ) As the sun rose the next day , it was clear that both my city and my life had been destroyed . Battery Park fills up with seawater . Lower west side - lower east side . brooklyn , Queens is flooded . Kennedy Airport 's flooded . Newark Airport 's flooded . It 's ali gonna be underwater . ( Lucy ) in the coming days , when the waters receded , the city was filthy and everything that could rot was rotting . Peopie wanted to leave . But for many of them , there was nowhere to go . How welcoming will people be when New York or Boston sink under water and ali those people , in their millions , come to New england or to pennsylvania ? How welcoming will people be ? ( Lucy ) i packed my things and set them at the door . But i didn 't leave . i suppose you could say i was stubborn . And i was needed at Believue more than ever . There were millions who needed someone to care for them . As the seas rose , the wealthy moved uptown to higher ground and hired private companies to pick up the trash . But in the iow-iying slums , tap water was contaminated . Peopie were so poor they ate only once a day , if they ate at ali . When people are hungry and people are malnourished , as you continue to have dispIacementwith floods , there 's no doubt that 's a perfect setup for certain types of infections . ( Lucy ) i was working the late shift when the first case came in . A young man with a cough and a high fever . And then i noticed the blisters ali over his body . Was this the virus i had seen years ago ? ( Reporter ) Another case of Caspian fever ... ( Reporter , Femaie ) Heaith officials have issued a statement , asking people to avoid public ... Ali New York City schools have been shut down . Representatives from the CDC ... ( Reporter ) This virus is cause for concern . ( Lucy ) Within a week , over 20 were dead . Peopie on the streets wore masks , avoided each other . The air was ripe with panic . ( Reporter , Femaie ) ... reminding citizens to wash their hands and cover their mouths . You would shut down factories . You would shut down trade . You would shut down commerce . Everything would shut down . ( Reporter ) Death toll from Caspian Fever has now reached 107 . ( Lucy ) The virus continued to mutate and spread . So some long incubating virus that kills very fast , that 's the kind ofthing that 's going to get us . ( Lucy ) it only took an few people on a few planes to spread it around the world . ( Reporter , Femaie ) Cases of the fever have been confirmed in over 100 countries ... ( Reporter ) Now estimated that 10,000 have died in Mexico ... ( Reporter , Femaie ) Temporary morgues have been set up in the streets of Shanghai . ( Reporter ) The Vatican conducted a national funeral mass today . ( Lucy ) From Singapore to Sydney , the globe shut down . Farmers wouldn 't bring food into cities . Cargo ships wouldn 't dock , let alone unload . Blilions were on the verge of starvation . i saw hundreds of people die every day . i was immune . One of the lucky ones . it was hard to feel anything . There was too much to feel . You think about the effect that this kind of disasterwouId have . Everybody 's depressed . What do you do with ali the bodies ? people just gonna , you know , take their loved ones to the local park and leave them there ? At that point , cities will be unbearable . ( Lucy ) You could see it on people 's faces on the street . They had given up . As more and more people died , ali services broke down . There were frequent blackouts . And now connections to the internet were intermittent at best . ( Reporter ) Around the world , deaths from the Caspian Fever show no signs ... ( Lucy ) And then one day , the powerjust went out . The phones , the internet , the whole data network went down . Some said it was a terrorist . Others thought it was the flooding . Suddeniy no one knew anything for sure . If communication breaks down , rumor becomes the communication system and a mob psychology takes over . Coliapse is not something that actually happens overnight . It 's the result of an accumulation of stresses , an erosion of the internal strength of society , so that itjust becomes like an eggshell . And one last shock breaks it . ( Lucy ) Looting was rampant . Most of the police force deserted . The mayor was nowhere to be found . We waited for the President or the Nationai Guard to appear . But no one came . That 's when it dawned on us that the government , like so much else , had failed . If the world breaks down , if globalization breaks down , then even the capacity of the United States to kind of manage a degraded global environment I think will come into question . What we 'li see is the federal government being viewed as something not to be taken seriously anymore . ( Lucy ) Reports were sketchy , but here 's what i know for sure . The virus continued to spread . india and China had gone to war over water and who knew what else . Mlilions were dying from famine . The human race was collapsing under its own weight . By that time , I will guess thatwe will be seeing a substantial die off ofthe human population . Most of civil society will have degenerated . ( Lucy ) i was 75 when i walked across that George Washington Bridge . There were no check points anymore . i left with a couple of friends and a dog who had adopted me . Rosy , i called her . She never left my side . But where was i going ? i didn 't know if Moliy was still alive . Let alone still on the farm up north . i didn 't know if i had a grandson anymore . But that was my hope , that i could somehow find them or they me . Afew hundred years down the line , they 'li look back and say the Dark Ages began in the 21st century . Our city , beautiful city , was abandoned . And nature took over quickly . As it always has . The breakdown would be rather rapid . The flooding of Manhattan would have a real destabilizing effect . The subway tunnels would flood and they would stay flooded . The columns that hold up the streets , they 're steel , they will rust , they will corrode . The streets above them start caving in , and Iow and behold , we have surface rivers once again in Manhattan . Nature has that momentum , you see . Take the thing back . Practicaliy become like ajungIe . From the asphaItjungIe to the reaIjungIe . Your big skyscrapers here are well anchored into Manhattan schist . On the other hand , they weren 't designed to be water logged . Itjust takes one hurricane to hit New York . Bulidings are going to start to get taken out . ( Lucy ) And it wasn 't just the city . Our whole way of life had crumbled . But i found my daughter Moliy , and Daniei , my grandson . He was a young man now . Moliy 's husband George had been killed . Both of us were widows now . it is a hard life . The United States is fragmented into a million chards . We 're all cut off from each other . Each protecting what little we have . ItwouId be a wrenching transition , it wouId be a catastrophic transition . It 's something we don 't want to experience . The Dark Ages were called the Dark Ages for a reason . I fearthatwe 'li see a world like medieval Europe where you have feudal states fighting forwhat remains of a source of water , a source of energy . ( Lucy ) We managed to produce our own power and communicate over radio waves . The cities that have endured are now walled fortresses . Jeaiousiy guarding whatever remains of the computer age . I 'm picturing enclaves of affluence and wealth , but surrounded by vast masses of people who will be barely surviving . In effect , humanity could very well be in heli . Where hell is defined as truth realized too late . We have had to re-iearn what we had uniearned centuries before . How to live off the land . How to make do . I think we 'li see a world in which literature , the arts , democracy , those will disappear , largely disappear . How much of the wonderful scientific breakthroughs of the 20th and 21st century will still be retained ? If it 's some eIectronic-based thing , itcould ali be lost . ( Lucy ) My grandson Daniei might never hear a symphony , go to college , or read the books i read . He will never marvel at a right whale , the beauty of a coral reef or a spotted owl . You ever actually get outside and just kind of look at the wonder of the world , - it takes your breath away . And I think to think of a world where somehow that is taken away , is really sad . We 're going to leave a planet that is so desperately beaten up that itwill probably take hundreds ofthousands of years to get it back , to restore it . We will have lost so much of our natural heritage . ( Lucy ) i can teach him poems and songs . i can tell him what i saw and what i learned along the way . i can try to tell him what is precious . What is precious ? i ought to know that . They say i am the oldest woman on Earth . With age is supposed to come wisdom . What is precious ? This Earth of ours . This garden we must tend . These people we love . Lucy 's story is a worst case scenario of whatcould happen if we continue on our current path . It 's a wakeup cali , a challenge for us to plan a different course . But our experts say we must act immediately . Where did Lucy 's world go wrong ? What can we learn from their mistakes ? We turn back the clock now to show you a vision of a future we can still create . There 's a future out there that 's a much presentfuture than the present thatwe 're living in right now , to be sure . If we took the measures we should take , 2100 would be at the beginning of an era that we , today , would regard as paradise . We have a chance to get it right , to move from a disconnected inefficientworId of fighting populations , to a sustainable planet . The problem we face today is how do we get from here to there ? ( Bob Woodruff ) The world that Lucy was born into is our world today . There are plenty of signs that it 's in trouble . But there are hopeful signs as weli . The problems thatwe face , water , soli , climate change , they 're all problems caused by humans . So we 're capable of solving those problems . It could be overwhelming if we let it . I just try to take it one brick , one chunk at a time . I think that 's how you have to deal with it . ( Bob Woodruff ) So what should we do right now to chart another course ? How do we avoid ending up in Lucy 's world ? Many experts say the first step should be transforming how we use energy . Much of what we need to do we already know . plant a garden . Use compactfIuorescent bulbs . More mass transit for people . insulate your homes . Smalier cars . There 's no simple solution , but 100 % of the Earth 's population doing a very small thing makes a big difference . ( Bob Woodruff ) But individuals alone won 't be able to turn things around . Governments and industries are going to have to change on a massive scale . We 're going to have to come up with more solar , more wave power , more geothermal energy . Beyond the familiar technologies , amazing new ones are already in the works . Fieids of solar balloons that could power thousands of homes a day . A nuclear fusion facility that could produce the energy of a tiny manmade star . We can 't drill and burn our way out of our problems , but we can invent and invest ourway out . ( Bob Woodruff ) Getting enough of these projects up and running will take people . And that means jobs . And if we can put more people back to work , then by 2015 , instead of communities disintegrating , they could start to rebound . You could fight pollution and poverty at the same time . You can beat global warming and the economic downturn with the same dollar bill that you invested in green jobs , green energy , green technology . ( Bob Woodruff ) if we start those investments today there wouldn 't be gas lines and fights as in Lucy 's world . instead , there would be electric cars that could run 300 miles per charge . But completely redesigning our energy system would require rapid change . it would mean both sacrifice and hard work for the whole country . But we have done it before . The thing I would compare it to is world War li . After pearl Harbor , FDR turned to Detroit , the automakers , and said , you will now make tanks . You will now make Jeeps . Just like that . Thatwas like overnight almost , and they did it . ( Bob Woodruff ) And we won that war . it 's going to take that same level of commitment . Imagine thatali of us did enough things that it made a real difference in our country . What effect does that have on China , on India , on other nations ? Weli , if we don 't set an example as the strongest and most important country in the world , what do we expect them to do ? They 're not going to follow if we don 't lead . ( Reporter , Femaie ) Worid leaders are gathering in Washington , DC , to attend an emergency global summit meeting . ( Bob Woodruff ) A turning point in Lucy 's world was the global summit of 2015 . When the world leaders failed to agree on actions to slow climate change . We do not accept the offer . They set in motion ali the disasters that would follow . But what if they had agreed ? ( Reporter , Femaie ) For the first time ever , China , india , the US and Europe have reached an agreement that could avert catastrophic climate change . By tackling climate change , you end up tackling energy , you end up tackling food , you end up tackling water resources . You could change this vicious cycle I think into a virtuous cycle . Then whatwe could see is actually billions of people coming into far more stable sustainable prosperous economies . ( Bob Woodruff ) As we move forward in the century , we will see the investments and hard choices we made early on begin to pay off . A positive scenario is fossil fuels will be disappearing . We 're growing more food with less water . We 've restored ecosystems . ( Bob Woodruff ) By the middle of the century , we would be using water and other resources much more carefully . Farmers would be planting drown resistant crops . Water would be recycled , and there would be enough to support the US Southwest . in 2050 , places like Las Vegas could survive . The hope is that once we figure out how to solve these problems , we 'li be in a much better position to help the rest of the world . If we can actually raise the prospects of the bottom few billion people , we actually make global stability possibility . We reduce mass migration . Refugee movements . Desperation . Actualiy slow the population growth . And if we do ali those things , wejust bring a sustainable world prosperity cIoserto hand . There 's a very good chance by about 2050 , the worst part of the crisis having passed , doesn 't mean there aren 't going to be big problems still to face . But it means that we will have avoided sailing right off the cliff . ( Bob Woodruff ) By 2100 , our world could be transformed . Just imagine a city that is not polluted , that has a great transportation infrastructure . stackable cars or cars that are folding and then they would charge and be a shared ownership model and you wouIdjust pull out the one that 's available that 's fully charged . Everything happens inside the city itself . That means ourfood production , ourwaste and recycling , our energy . We 're going to havejoint management of water resources , of energy resources . We 're going to be living on a planetwhere we don 't see things at a national level , but we see things at a global level . By the time we get to 2100 , the challenge of building a global green economy , where we 're sharing technologies , not fighting wars overwater and oil , that 's going to bring out the best in the human family . Humanity will be relatively disease free . Chlidren will be treated as rare treasures . Most people don 't realize not only can we change , we must change . And I think that 's how you own the future . That 's how you take control of your destiny . I have huge faith in humanity . We will be able to create a world thatwill have a livable planet for our kids and their kids , that is our opportunity . That is our obligation . Kids born today will see us navigate past the first greatest test of humanity , which is can we actually be smart enough to live on a planetwithout destroying it . In December this year , nearly 200 countries plan to meet in Copenhagen , Denmark . Their mission , to draw up a strategy to finally come up with a global agreement to slow climate change and safeguard the planet . If you 'd like to Iearn more about " Earth 2100 " or if you want to get involved in the solutions , I 'm Bob Woodruff . For ali of us here at ABC News , good night .
