 Howdy there , pardners ! Howdy . How you doing ? Ah , the smell of fast food on the desert air ! The perfume of America . Hey , are you British or something ? Something . That 's me . Definitely . I was passing and I got the fancies . A bowl of chilli . The sort you only ever got in an American diner before 1962 . I 'm the Doctor , by the way . I 'm Cassie . This is Jimmy Stalkingwolf . Ooooh ! Where did you get that ? Supposed to be from the saucer crash five years back . You know , like that Roswell thing over in New Mexico . My mom , she used to run this place , thought it would bring in the tourists . Like they don 't know a piece of junk when they see it . Ooh . Sorry . What did you just do , man ? I 'm afraid this isn 't quite a piece of junk . It has been activated . Are you saying this really did come from a flying saucer ? Well , flying saucer , maybe , they were quite fashionable in the ' 50s . Bit like bobby socks and hair cream . I told you . I told you there was something going on round here . What do you mean ? Jimmy works out at the Broken K Ranch . Says there 's this space monster eating the cattle . I told him it 's a cougar . No cougar did what I saw . Or left those tracks . Oh . Oh , hullo . I 'll take the ionic fusion bar . The come-again ? He means your piece of junk . No way . It doesn 't belong to you . Not such a good idea to argue ... Hello , I 'm the Doctor . Give it to me ! Didn 't you hear what the lady said ? That 's definitely not a good idea . Woah ! OK . Time to go ! Now , what was that about a monster ? What kind of cougar makes a track like that ? HEAVY STEPS BEHIND No cougar . No animal . This was something big , very big - something powerful . Something that isn 't from around here . MONSTER ROARS Ah ! Viperox Battle Drone ! Hello ! SHE SCREAMS Try not to do that . Apart from being one of the most vicious killers in the cosmos , the Viperox have very sensitive ears . Thank you . Not a good idea to aggravate him . Doesn 't look aggravated to me , Doc . He looks hungry . Doctor , not Doc . And if he was hungry he 'd be picking bits of cowboy boots and bobby-socks off his mandibles by now . So if it ain 't going to eat us , what is he going to do ? It 's a Viperox Battle Drone . What it doesn 't use for food , it uses for target practice . Look out ! Run ! Back to the pick-up ! Get down ! Howdy ! Perfect timing . Our orders are to take you with us . Whose orders are those , then ? Colonel Stark , sir . Colonel Stark ? ! And who 's that , then ? Commanding officer , Operation Fallen Angel , Groom Lake Army Air Base . What ? You mean Area 51 ? Dreamland ? Oh , I 've always wanted to go there . Doctor , no ! People that go there , civilians , they never come back . I 've heard all kinds of things about that place . And none of it 's good . They say they 've got aliens there from the Roswell crash . I know . I 've always wanted to take a peek . Take me to your leader . Allons-y ! Dreamland , the United States ' most secret base . It doesn 't appear on any map and the government won 't admit it exists until 1994 . What did you say ? Erm ... Ah , never mind . Where are they taking us ? I don 't know . But I don 't think Colonel Stark has a penthouse apartment . So what happens now ? Nothing good . Oh , come on , I thought the ' 50s was supposed to be a time for optimism . I mean , you think you 're going to have flying cars in another ten years . Yeah , sure . If the Reds don 't nuke us first . The Reds ? Manchester United ? Oh ! The Russians ! The Soviet Union . I wouldn 't worry about them . They 're as scared of a nuclear war as you are . I hear you people had some trouble . Ah . Colonel Stark , I presume . Hello , I 'm the Doctor . And I think you may have a serious infestation problem . We have the situation in hand . So what are you going to do about it ? You don 't have to worry , Ma 'am . Oh ? And why 's that ? Because you 're going to forget everything you 've seen . You 're going to forget everything . No Colonel ... Colonel , you 're making a mistake . Soldiers ! Take them to the lab . Prepare them for the mind-wipe . What are they going to do to us ? From the look of this chamber , use some sort of amnesia gas . So we forget everything about that Viperox bug-thing ? Maybe that isn 't so bad . Trouble is , no-one really perfects a targeted amnesia drug for another 50 years . The sort of thing Colonel Stark has in his medicine cabinet won 't just wipe out the last few hours , you 'll forget everything . They can 't do this ! We 're US citizens . Yeah , Cassie , and they 're the army . They can do whatever they want . They 've been doing it ever since the Bear River Massacre . Colonel . Sorry I can 't salute , but I seem to be strapped to a table . The gas can have side-effects . The straps are for your own safety . Very thoughtful . But have you considered that you 've got dangerous ten-foot tall aliens out in the desert ? And believe me , Colonel , where there 's one Viperox , there 's at least 1,000 more . You know a great deal , Doctor . More than is good for you . But I 'm going to fix that . You can 't do this ! So help me , I 'm going to tell the President ! Little lady , in ten minutes you won 't know who the President is . You won 't know who you are . Try to hold your breath . I just need a ... a few more seconds . How did you do that ? Little trick I learned off Houdini . Great , but we 're still trapped . I love 1958 . No-one 's seen Die Hard , or Alien , or Die Hard 2 , or Aliens , or Die Hard 3 ... Doc ... what are you talking about ? There 's always a ventilation shaft . Doctor , are you sure there 's a way out of here ? Of course there 's a way out . There always is . Apart from in Star Wars , of course . Hey , Doc . Are you ever going to start making sense ? Are you going to stop calling me Doc ? I 'm the Doctor , all right ? And you 're not Bugs Bunny . Hey . Where are we ? Who am I , the Dreamland tour guide ? Come on . Why are we going that way ? I mean , who gave you the stripes ? You 're not even American . Come to that , I 'm not even human . ALARM RINGS But someone just noticed we 've escaped , so whichever way you 're running , I 'd start now . What now ? That way ! There 's no way through here ! Come on ! Did you mean what you said back there ? You 're not human ? Well , human , Time Lord , it 's all just an accident of dimensional geography when you get down to it . I wonder what 's behind there . Ahhh . Now THAT is an alien . The question is , why are they keeping her a prisoner ? Hands in the air or we fire ! Aaargh ! Quickly ! This way ! Hold on ! What if there are more soldiers waiting for us up top ? Charm offensive . What 's that mean ? It means you put your hands up and smile . You have a problem , Colonel ? Nothing we can 't handle . I warn you , Colonel ... fail me , and your world will pay the price ! Don 't let them get away again . And , you , keep your ... soldiers off the plains , Lord Azlok . I don 't need this getting any more complicated . Viperox are not accustomed to taking orders from lesser species , Colonel , or to their mistakes - see to it that you do not let us down . I cannot be seeing that . A real live flying saucer ! Yeah . Fancy taking her for a spin ? Quickly ! Come on ! Stop ! Or we fire ! Don 't shoot , you 'll hit the ship . Fall back ! Fall back ! Can you really fly this ? Well , sort of . Stark 's scientists have retro-engineered it . Probably based on their prisoner 's ship . They got a couple of systems the wrong way round ... but we 're getting there . Whoa ! Whoa ! Ha-ha-ha ! Left is right and up is down . No problem . No problem . Waaah ! What did you do that time ? Wasn 't me . We 've got company ! Hang on ! Those red lights don 't look good . Red lights never are ! Wonder if parachutes came as standard or an added option ? 'Target has crash-landed . ' 'Return to base . ' Command ? I want a team out there , on the double . It 's going to be dark soon . And whoever the Doctor is , I want to know how he can escape in a spaceship the US Army hasn 't figured out how to fly yet ! Perhaps this Doctor is more than he appears . Solitude ? Well , it 's certainly quiet and lonely . Was a mining town a century back . No-one here now but the ghosts . Nice place , Jimmy . Have you got a match ? Sure . Here . So what 's going on , Doctor ? If the military know about these alien things , how come we 're the enemy ? I don 't know . But I intend to find out . Tomorrow I 'm going back to Dreamland . SCUTTLING What was that ? Aaargh ! Jimmy ! Don 't make too much noise , Cassie . Remember what I said , the Viperox have a heightened sense of hearing . Is Jimmy going to be all right ? If the Viperox had wanted to kill him , it would have done it back at Solitude . What are you going to do with me , you big ugly garbage bugs ? ! Be careful , human . I am Azlok , Lord Knight of the Imperial Viperox War Horde . Consider who seems in more danger of being crushed under foot ? You 're never going to take over Earth ! The military will blast you into bug-bits . What do you think the Empire of the Viperox could possibly want with this termite ball ? Who is this man you call The Doctor ? Oh , now , that would be me . Ahh , Doctor . I 've got a few things I 'd like to ask you , as it happens . The most obvious being , if you 're not here to invade it , what on earth are you doing here ? You are not of this world . I hear two hearts beating . Then note their rhythm . I 'm not scared of you . And whatever you 're doing on Earth , I won 't let you hurt its people . We seek only an enemy of our kind . Oh ? And who 's that , then ? Doctor , look out ! What did you do that for ? It 's called escaping , Doctor . I was that close to discovering what 's going on here . Whoa ! Jimmy ? Oh . This isn 't good . Doc , tell me this isn 't an egg . The Viperox never bring an army with them . They land , go underground , and hatch one . Hatch an army ? Then who 's laying ... The Viperox Queen . And I don 't think she 's amused . I have this effect on royalty . Run ! Must have found our way into an old mine . They 're coming ! Get in the truck ! The roof 's coming in ! That should hold them for a while . Now all we have to do is get off ... Good morning , Doctor . Hello again . I don 't think we got properly introduced back at the diner . You are ? Mr Dread . These are my associates ... No , no , let me guess . Mr Fear , Mr Terror and Mr Apprehension ? The Alliance of Shades ' mop-up teams never were much good at mingling . You know these guys ? Sort of . The US government aren 't the only people that want to keep a lid on aliens . A lot of planets think you 're too primitive . Primitive ? We have nuclear missiles ! Yes . Primitive and aggressive . No offence . None taken . Anyway , if the Alliance get reports of a spaceship crashing , or some show-off saucer pilot doing loop the loops over the White House , they send in these guys to dispose of the evidence ... And , sometimes , the eye-witnesses . Only they 're not very good . Where is the ionic fusion bar ? Oh , the gizmo from the crashed spacecraft ? Sorry , lost that while we were being attacked by a Viperox Battle Drone . Where is it ? We haven 't got it ! Whoa ! Am I seeing this ? Didn 't I mention ? They 're robots . Give it to me or be incinerated . Don 't you think the Alliance of Shades would be more interested in the thousand Viperox Battle Drones ready to hatch under our feet than in a piece of space-flight hardware ? Tell me where the ionic fusion bar is , and we will deal with the Viperox . What ? You couldn 't even keep a lid on flying saucers . You know , in 1972 the Alliance pulls the plug on the lot of you . How are you four going to hold back Lord Azlok and his Viperox hordes ? Unless ... What ? Grandpa . Oh , I could 've found out everything then . Why does that keep happening today ? Doctor , Cassie , this is my grandpa , Night Eagle . Hey , that was kinda handy with those bows and arrows . Yes , straight through the central processor units . One lucky shot I could believe , but four ? You 've met men like this before , haven 't you , Night Eagle ? We saw the disc fall from the sky and thought more had come . More of who ? Oh , my ... Five years ago we saw his ship crash . So the ionic fusion thing came from his ship ? How could you keep this secret ? ! Others searched for him . Men in black suits . Those who knew swore to tell no-one , not even our blood kin , to keep him safe . It 's all right . I 'm the Doctor . I can help you . I want to go home . I can take you home . Not without Saruba Velak . Who ? The other grey alien back at Dreamland . Keep up , Jimmy ! But she wasn 't on your ship , was she ? Night Eagle and his men would have saved her , too . My name is Rivesh Mantilax . Saruba Velak is my wife . Her ship was attacked by pirates . She was an ambassador of my people . The pirates were paid to ensure she never reached her destination . She transmitted a distress signal , but by then we were at war . With the Viperox ? Yes . They had sabotaged the alliance my wife had tried to negotiate against them . The war was long and savage , and I had a duty to my people . But the torture of watching my species slaughtered was nothing to the loss of my wife . When I could , I came for her . And , let me guess , the military had Saruba Velak , the Roswell crash , so they were already looking for more spaceships , and they shot you down ? Without provocation . Forgive them . They 're primitive people , and scare easily . We 've seen your wife . She 's alive . Tell me that they have not harmed her ? I think she 's all right . And I 'm going to get you both home ... Or , at least , to whatever might be left after a war with the Viperox . No , I don 't think you will , Doctor . Colonel Stark . On behalf of the United States Government , thank you for leading us to this alien . You just helped me save the world . For the first time in 900 years , why does that feel like bad news ? I guess they 'll try and wipe our memories again . You 'd think Stark could be more forgiving , as accidentally leading him to Rivesh Mantilax has somehow saved the world . Apparently . Men like Stark don 't save worlds . All they know is destruction . That 's what worries me . Lord Azlok ? Doctor ! What an unexpected displeasure . What in heck are you doing here ? I see you 've met my ally , Lord Azlok . Colonel , the Viperox savage and decimate every world they encounter . They don 't have allies . They kill everything . But we have a common interest . Rivesh Mantilax ? Saruba Velak ... Did he tell you who he was , Doctor ? He 's a scientist . A specialist in genetic warfare . Do you know what that is ? Yes . Not pleasant . Rivesh Mantilax had developed a weapon genetically targeted at the Viperox , to wipe us from the universe . Doesn 't sound like such a bad thing . No , Jimmy , it is . A very bad thing . Who 's to say one day even the Viperox won 't discover a better way to exist ? But I don 't get it , Colonel . Why are you in cahoots with the Viperox ? The weapon can be modified to destroy our enemies instead . You mean Russia ? ! The Reds are sitting on a thousand nukes . And every one of ' em has Uncle Sam 's name on it . The Russians will never fire them ! They know as well as you , that would be the end of the world . Does President Eisenhower know about this plan ? Heck , the President doesn 't even know aliens exist . Well , anyway , it 's irrelevant , as you don 't have the weapon , do you ? Hey ! I thought he blew a gasket ? you can never be sure you 've shut them down . Twist a few wires together and they 're anybody 's . Isn 't that right , Lord Azlok ? I retrieved the ionic fusion bar . Except it 's not an ionic fusion bar , is it ? I 'd worked that much out . Why would the Alliance of Shades be more interested in ignition systems than a Viperox horde ? Because it 's really a weapon ? Cleverly disguised . Fooled even me . And a weapon that could kill billions throughout the universe . And now , you expect Rivesh Mantilax to re-program it to wipe out the whole of Russia ? It is the only way to make my kind safe . And he will do it . He has searched too long for his wife to watch her served to me for dinner . Only if you still have the weapon ! Doctor ! There 's nowhere to go . I 'm not going to let you do this , Stark ! If you trigger this weapon , you will kill millions of innocent people . You 're talking like a Red . And there 's only one cure for a Communist ! And that 's a bullet . Listen to me , Colonel , you cannot trust Lord Azlok ! There 's a Viperox Queen giving birth to an army out there . Once this weapon is re-programmed , there is nothing to stop them attacking Earth ! A bunch of super-sized cockroaches against tanks and bombers ? I 'd like to see them try it . Ask Rivesh Mantilax and Saruba Velak . Their technology is a thousand years ahead of Earth . They couldn 't stop the Viperox . How will you ? Who are you going to be , Colonel ? The man that saves the world , or the one who destroys it ? This is Colonel Stark . Pull back . You 're doing the right thing . Soldiers , put Lord Azlok under arrest . 'He 's gone , sir . ' Ah ... Two problems with the Viperox , Colonel . You can 't trust them , and they have very good hearing . Consider yourself a prisoner of the United States Army . We have laid waste entire galaxies . The United States and Earth itself will be as dust beneath our feet . Not if I can help it . Take my advice , and go home . While you still can . Because you have the genetic weapon ? Without Rivesh Mantilax , it is useless . Now we shall tear your world to shreds . Azlok took out the guards when you escaped . He attacked him before we could do anything . And there 's nothing I can do . Stand back . My husband ! Can we activate the weapon without him ? Oh , you 're all heart , aren 't you , Colonel ? No . It 's attuned to his DNA . That 's why Lord Azlok needed him to re-program it . Or , better still , needed him dead . He is not yet passed . I can save him . I need to get to the remains of my ship . The wreckage is stored in The Vault . It 's impossible . You 'd better have a good reason why . Operation Fallen Angel was set up to examine , classify and detain all alien life that crashes on Earth . Something got loose in there . Majesty , I need warriors . Tonight we swarm . The Viperox won 't attack until sundown . We 've got an hour , tops . I 've got men laying charges in the old mine . If we don 't kill ' em , we 'll bury them down there . And they 'll just dig themselves out again . I need that weapon to deal with the Viperox . I need Rivesh Mantilax . And I need to go into that vault . We 're coming with you . No . I 've got another job for you two . This might take a while . What sort of big blue box is he going to leave on the corner of Main Street ? I hope we find whatever it is we 're looking for in time , Saruba Velak . And then you will use the genetic weapon to destroy the Viperox ? To scour them from the cosmos ? Well ... It 's not that simple . CHIRPING Shh ... Did you hear that ? What in tarnation is it ? I don 't know . But , look , it 's almost sunset . Here , keep looking . We have to save your husband . I 'm going to see what 's out there . THUMPING Oh , dear ... Doctor ! I 've found it ! Unfortunately , so have I. What is that ? They are Skorpius flies . A billion of them . A giant , swarming brain . If it 's a brain , we can communicate . Yeah , but the Skorpius swarm brain only has one thing on its mind . Which is ? Well , at this time of day , supper . Run ! Quickly , I 've got a plan ! This is your plan ? It 's in development . We 're getting reports of Viperox in a ten-mile radius of the old Solitude mine . Your plan is to escape like a snail ? How do we see where we 're going ? Who needs to see ? Didn 't you count your steps on the way in ? 84 steps ahead , turn left , 102 steps , turn right , 62 steps , and we 're at the door . Always count your steps , Saruba Velak . You never know when you might need to escape in a box . The whole town , they just tore it apart ! We got to concentrate on getting this box back to the Doc , without running into any more bugs . Waaah ! Where in hell is the Doctor ? ! Remember , Saruba Velak , some men are born great , others have crates thrust upon them . Come on , we 've got a planet to save ! That doesn 't look good . That doesn 't look good at all . The base ! We 'll never get in there ! We have to ... or Earth is finished . Fall back ! They 've taken all but the lowest levels , sir . Colonel Stark , so pleasant to see you again . The soldiers cannot stop the Viperox . Nothing can . Oh , no ? Just watch me ! Tell me where the weapon is . It is useless to you with Rivesh Mantilax dead . Go to hell , you over-fed roach ! Unless , of course , Rivesh Mantilax survives ? So what 's the big deal with the blue box ? Take a look . Holy smokes . WHIRRING At ease ! Saruba Velak , do your stuff . Oh , my husband . Saruba Velak . Sorry , but we don 't have much time . The Viperox will be coming through that door any minute . I need you to activate the genetic device . Happily . They destroyed our world . Now to wipe them from the face of Creation ... No . We can 't do that . I won 't allow it . We 've got to blow these monsters to hell ! This weapon will destroy the Viperox , not just on Earth , but across the Universe . No-one has the right to destroy an entire species . Doctor , they destroyed my town ! Please . Trust me . You brought my wife and me back together . I trust you . GUNSHOTS They 're almost here . Thank you . Trigger the device , and he dies . I 'm not going to destroy the Viperox horde . Believe me . I can 't . Because you are weak ? Because you 're an evolving species . One day something incredible is going to happen . You will change , become peace-loving . This is madness . And this , Lord Azlok , is my ship . She might have a few trillion light years on the clock , the chameleon circuit doesn 't work and the temporal sat nav is always on the blink ... But do you know what ? She has got the meanest sound system in the universe ! HIGH-PITCHED SQUEAL No ! Go back to Viperon , and don 't even think about coming back . Your day will come , Doctor ! Yeah , so they say . There you go , Colonel . Put that somewhere safe . You won 't have any more infestation problems . Are you sure ? Well , I tweaked the weapon to attack the Viperox nervous system on an ultra-sonic level . Nothing deadly , just really annoying . The TARDIS was just a big amplifier , but this will do the trick for you now . Keep the bugs out of the house by a light year , or your money back . On behalf of the United States Government , Doctor , thank you . No . No , don 't ... Yeah , well , like I said , the Viperox are going to change their ways . I hope you do too , Colonel Stark . The Russians are nice people . And so are some aliens . It doesn 't look too bad with the dints knocked out of it , does it ? I guess I 'm going to have to trust you people to keep quiet . Oh , what 's up ? The Viperox smash up your mind-wipe chamber ? What about you , Doc ? What now ? I never did get anything to eat . Think I 'll grab a take-away . Chinese . Ming Dynasty . Best dim sum this side of Infinity . You ever get the taste for chilli again ... It 's a date . Meanwhile , Jimmy , Cassie might need some help cleaning up after the Viperox hit town . Why don 't you give her a hand ? She 's got it . Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd E-mail subtitling @ bbc.co.uk
