 Did you eat ? Well , that 's infortunate . You made it . I saw you following the taxi in the station wagon . I wasn 't follow you , Walter . We were coming to the same place . You don 't trust me . It 's a Chinese merchant ship Registered in Hong Kong . Four hours ago , It ran aground and caught fire . Strong current , freezing water . They died attempting to swim ashore . We pulled out 27 bodies so far . At first , it appeared they all died of hypothermia . And then we found these . Excuse us , Agent . Dr. Bishop , have you ever seen anything like this ? It 's similar to a tiny parasite Found in Livestock . I 've never seen them this size , or in humans . I want this creature transported back to my lab . It might still be alive . This woman 's still breathing ! Step aside please . We haven 't much time . If she 's also infected , we 've got to get this organism out her . Go ! My name 's Tao Chen . I 'm from the Chinese consulate . The woman we pulled from the water , how long has she been awake ? About an hour . Is she talking ? A little . Her name 's Mai Lin . She 's from outside of Hong Kong . She happen to mention how she got a gigantic worm stuck in her stomach ? Doctor said she just had a severe case of dehydration . No worm . She wasn 't infected . She says they came for work and a better life . She asked if we 're gonna arrest her . I told her we 're just here to help . I didn 't know you spoke Cantonese . Get to know me a bit . She says she doesn 't know . The men on the boat ... they knew . They gave her medicine for seasickness . Everyone got it . But her father was a fisherman ... So she was used to the sea ... So she didn 't take it . She wants you to help her find her daughter and husband . She ... She doesn 't know what happened to her family . Crewmen said they were two days behind on another boat . There 's another boat ? Yeah , so chances are they 're infected too . Okay , that gives us maybe 36 hours before it lands . Seven pounds and ten ounces . Walter , this is our largest worm yet . Parasitic worm to be precise . Truly , Agent Farnsworth , it never ceases to amaze me the infinite variation that mother nature gives us . She truly has quite a disturbing sense of humor . Considering your new pet , I think mother nature 's a real bitch . How 's it going in here ? You mean here at Bishop 's live bait ? Actually , I think these things would scare off the fish , don 't you ? We spoke to the woman we found on the beach and she said that everyone on that boat took some sort of capsule medicine . Actually , Mai Lin 's the only one who didn 't take the capsule and she 's the only one who didn 't get affected . So do you think it 's possible that that could 've been inside the capsule ? Of course . It makes perfect sense . If the time of gestation is equal to the time of transport , it would explain why the creatures need the host . These bodies provide nutrition , warmth , and protective shelter . They enable the parasite to grow . Are you saying that these people were used as some sort of human incubator ? Quite ingenious , really . And yes to your question . It is possible for the larvae of the parasite to fit into a capsule . It would allow the parasite to grow on the journey here . Which leaves " why ? " Why would someone be smuggling these in ? It 's Broyles . The coast guard found a manifest on the sunken Chinese ship . They traced it to a local shipyard . Somebody is in custody now . Walter , find out everything else you can on those worms , all right ? Parasitic worms . We found him at the shipyard Where the boat was supposed to dock . He had just finished burning every document in the place . We 're letting him sweat before we question him . He 's not gonna talk . He 's a Triad gang member . They got a strict code of honor . Triad ? You sure ? Yeah , his whole biography 's Written on him in ink . He 's like a decorated soldier . See the mark on his arm there , The extra powerful hook ? That means he 's killed five people . He also enjoys broadway shows , long walks on the beach . The one on his neck , It says Sun Hong Triad . Sun Hong is known For smuggling heroin out of the golden triangle , Not trafficking people . Then they 're expanding their business . What if Sun Hong Triad are still dealing in narcotics ? How 's that ? Walter said these people were implanted With the worm on purpose . That seems to imply that they 're valuable , right ? Certain species of parasite have been known To naturally secrete opiates . If someone had figured out how to harvest those ... you think those worms Are some kind of new street drug ? He 's got a razor blade ! This is Broyles . We have a code blue in interview three . We need security and paramedics immediately . If only all parasitic worms were full of narcotics . Careful , careful ! Not too deep . I got it , Walter . Just ... hold still . Well , given the high cost of transporting the creature , It must be quite a high . You are not smoking this thing . Now that should do the trick . Now with some luck , we 'll find the active ingredient . Wait , wait , wait . The initial feeling is quite something . Walter , this thing is feeding on you . This is ... This is ... This is rather pleasant . I didn 't see you there . Where can I find Agent Dunham ? She 's in the back with Peter , sir . So the question is if there is a black market For this drug , then who 's buying it ? Sir . That 's everything the bureau has On the Sun Hong Triad . There 's also information on the Triad 's suspected leader . He goes by the name of Jon Su . His present whereabouts are unknown . These are corporate bank documents . Shell companies to shield his criminal activity . What about the boat carrying Mai Lin 's family ? Any word ? Nothing . The coast guard has begun boarding and searching All vessels coming into new england . 200 ships by the count . No small task . More like a needle in a haystack . So we have about 20 hours before the worms come out . There was a wire two weeks ago from a bank here in Boston . It looks like a private account in Beacon Hill transferred $ 500,000 paid into ... BeiJing Executive Construction . Two weeks ago is about the same time The traffickers left Kalun . Sounds like someone 's Financing those shipments . So this is where the other end Of a Triad bank wire leads . Not what I pictured either . Hi . Are your parents home ? Who are you ? We 're the FBI . Who are you ? I 'm Matt . Can I see , like , a badge ? Mom , some FBI people are here ! Come on in . As my financial advisor explained it to me , There was money to be made In BeiJing Construction projects . I invested a half a million dollars With this company . Did you ever meet a man named Jon Su ? He was the head of the company you invested in . No . Never . Maybe your husband then . He passed away shortly after Matt was born . I 'm sorry . Did I do something wrong ? We suspect Mr. Su of running a smuggling ring , Trafficking Chinese nationals into the US , And using these front corporations to fund it . I had no idea . I swear to both of you , My attorney reviewed all the documents And he assured me it was a sound investment . These corporations look legitimate From the outside . May we have the name and number of your attorney ? - We 'll need to ask him a few questions . - Of course . I 'm sure he 'd be as surprised by this as I am . If I can do anything to help ... thank you . We appreciate it . What were you doing in there , Checking for dust ? Not sure yet . Okay , I want to stop by the hospital , Check on Mai Lin . You drop me at the lab first ? Sure . What do you think the connection is Between an excessive compulsive germaphobe and our worms ? Nice kicks . Thank you . That 's an excellent question . I have a theory . What happened to you ? Your father got bitten By that thing and he refuses to get it checked out . What if you 're infected with one of those worms ? I 've tested my blood and liver function . I 'm fine . In fact , my white cell count is through the roof , I have several new antibodies in my blood , And even the gas I had is gone . And you think it 's the worm that did all that to you ? The creature , Peter , Is not an illicit narcotic at all . It 's medicine . Astrid , the picture . Show Peter , please . Ancylostoma duodenale . An intestinal hookworm . It 's about ten millimeters long . Chinese medicine . Ancylostoma could be used For the treatment of chronic asthma . People are purposefully infected And walk around their entire lives with it . What does that have to do with our parasites ? Our parasites are a new species . Bio-engineered from this hookworm . You mean somebody made these . Designed them to grow in humans . In fact , I don 't believe That they could grow anywhere else . I believe that it 's the parasite 's lymph gland That is the real prize . It secretes A remarkable immune-boosting enzyme . Immune-boosting . So you might take that if you had , say , A severe phobia of germs . Or if you wanted to treat any number Of immune deficiency disorders . Going somewhere , Walter ? I am . The phone book lists five herbalists in Chinatown , Three of which sell our ancylostoma hookworm For the treatment of asthma . I am going to collect samples for genetic comparison . Why don 't you give me those addresses ? I 'll go check them out . You don 't believe I can do it . Well , I can . Don 't you dare follow me . Can I please borrow some change for the bus fare ? Miss Lin , do you recognize these ? She said the man who put them on the fishing boat had one . What does it mean ? It 's a gang tattoo . We think that the gang might be using people to smuggle drugs into the country . She said her husband and her daughter ... I think I understand . We will do everything that we can . Where is everybody ? - Walter 's out self-actualizing again . Astrid 's keeping an eye on him . What 's this ? You remember at Elizabeth Jarvis ' house you asked me what I was looking at ? Did you see all those hand sanitizers ? All the windows were hermetically sealed . Hepa filters . Oxygen tanks . You saw oxygen tanks ? But I 'm sure they 're there somewhere . Okay , and if they were ? Walter says that these worms boost the immune system , right ? If you 're buying hand sanitizer in bulk and hermetically sealing all your windows , You 're either Howard Hughes or you 're actually sick . Let 's go pick up Elizabeth Jarvis and get a warrant to search her house . Actually , I 've got a better idea . Bend your knees more . What are you doing here ? We wanted to ask you a couple questions About your mother . Yeah , well , she 's not here right now . And I know that I don 't have to answer Any of your questions without my mom or lawyer here . Then you can just talk to me . I 'm not actually an FBI Agent . Just a couple of guys hanging out on the court . I 'm gonna go make a phone call . I have to talk to a judge about a warrant . There you go . I know you don 't want to talk to us 'Cause you 're just trying to protect your mother , Matt . She 's your only family . I understand that . I 've been there . I doubt it . I was raised by my mother too . It 's scary . You 're worried that if you lose her , Then you have no one . But those people that your mother gave money to , They 're scary people . We 're investigating them and that 's not gonna stop . They 're gonna try to cover their tracks . I want to make sure that your mother Isn 't one of those tracks . You think that could happen ? I need you to tell me , Matt , Is your mom sick ? What is it ? She has some sort of immune deficiency disorder ? The treatments are for me . Walter , what a ... what a coincidence . It 's not a coincidence at all . You were following me . Peter had you follow me . No . I have a ... I have a friend that lives Right down ... by the ... the Chinese restaurant . We 're worried about you . Does it occur to you that perhaps I want to be alone ? That perhaps I want to live my life With a semblance Of dignity and self-respect ? If I want to go get a hot dog , so be it . I may go grocery shopping . I may even join a gym . I 'm sorry . Well , since you 're here , you may as well accompany me To the next herbalist on my list . But as a friend , not a supervisor . Agreed , Walter . I love Chinatown . Matt Jarvis suffers from a rare immune deficiency disorder . His body doesn 't produce enough white blood cells To fight off infection . Yeah , technically speaking , This kid should be living in a giant plastic baggie . But we just shot hoops with him this afternoon . So these parasites are being harvested To treat his condition . Well , from what he says , They insert a medicinal powder directly into his spleen . Walter thinks the medicine 's made out of a gland Inside the worm . So Matt 's usually treated once a month . His next surgery is due in two days , Right on schedule with when the next boat 's due to arrive . - Does the surgeon have a name ? - Dr. Che . Ancylostoma duodenale . Hookworm . Aren 't they magnificent ? At this size maybe . Quite right . You haven 't seen anything Till you 've seen one of these four feet long . What do I owe you ? That 'll be $ 15 , please . I got this . No , that 's okay . I have just enough money left . $ 15 . Thank you . Good day . I 'm going to enjoy this . Provided , of course , the beans Have been properly soaked to leech toxicity . For the record , I wanted ice cream . Look . Lacquered cricket boxes . You want omega-3 ? I put in fish head . No , I will pass . Thank you . Here you go . Given what her kid said , I want you to lean to Elizabeth Jarvis . We 're running out of time before that boat arrives . So how much rice candy did Walter eat ? I lost him . I turned my back for one second and he wasn 't there any more . I 've looked for him everywhere , Peter . Did he know that you were following him ? Yeah , he did at first . And he was fine with it . But he lulled me into a false sense of security . Just so he could ditch you . Well , you know how he likes To prove a point . He 's got plenty of change for the bus . He 's got his travel kit on him . All his emergency numbers . He should be fine . He 's got to learn how to cross the street by himself sometime . I 'm gonna ... Gonna head back to the lab And see if he 's there , okay ? Hello , Peter . It 's Walter , your father . - Wrong number . It 's me , Walter , your father . Excuse me ? I-I-I fear I may have dialed the wrong number again . My name is Walter ... The number five bus hasn 't stopped here for over two hours . Not that it matters . I used up all my bus fare to dial seven wrong numbers . I can 't remember Peter 's number . It 's got three 5s , a 1 , a 0 , two 7s . But for the life of me , I can 't remember the correct sequence . What happened ? I 'm gonna call you an ambulance . No . Don 't . I 'm okay , Peter . I 'm okay . I don 't need an ambulance . Who did this to you ? I don 't know . It was ... two big asian guys With tattoos . Triad . I don 't know how they knew we had the worm . They must 've followed you back from Chinatown . It 's Walter . He 's down in Chinatown . Apparently he 's fine . Astrid , you sure you 're okay ? I 'm going down to pick him up . I 'm going to talk to Elizabeth Jarvis . Let 's stay in touch . You got it . Mrs. Jarvis , we know you 're withholding information . I already told you everything . Actually , your son told us everything . I can 't help you , Agent Dunham . I 've got two dozen Chinese nationals dead , A federal Agent assaulted , And another boat With God knows how many people about to die on it . You don 't understand . This treatment ... Matt won 't live long without it . We rescued a Chinese woman . He daughter is on that other boat . She 's gonna die too . Who 's been treating your son ? Hello , my son . Allow me to introduce you . My hostess 's name is Fey . Walter , the numbers are in your pocket . How many times have I told you that ? I put them there . Don 't you remember that ? No . No , I don 't . You ... You just ... Are you okay ? Yes , I 'm fine . The noodles are delicious . You really should try them , Peter . I hope I didn 't cause Agent Farnsworth too much distress . She had other things on her mind . Wouldn 't happen to remember any of the addresses of those herbalist shops you visited , would you ? Certainly not , but ... that 's why I held on to this . Astrid only went with ... with me to the ... third one , Ming Che . They had quite a selection of hookworms . Although I confess I exaggerated a bit when I told them that ours was four foot long . You told someone we have a four foot worm ? It 's not even two feet . That 's how they followed Astrid . Ming Che on Ping-On street . What do you mean ? Astrid was followed ? - Is Walter all right ? - He 's fine . Where are you ? The boat with Mai Lin 's family on it just docked . Elizabeth Jarvis gave us a phone number . We tracked a few shore-to-ship calls off that . We 're just about to commence the raid . - I got another lead I 'm tracking down . - I 'll call you after . What do you mean Astrid was followed ? Just get in the car , Walter . I 'll tell you later . I want a search bow to stern . Clear the lower decks . Find these people . You three with me . Upper deck clear . Main deck 's clear . Top deck 's clear . Copy . There are no trafficked people on this ship . But they were . We 're just too late . Why are we stopping here ? - Is this the place ? Yes , but I need to get back to the lab . I need to check on Agent Farnsworth . She 's all right , Walter . We had the right vessel but they were already gone . I know . They 're here . I just saw them get unloaded through the alley . - Where are you ? - We 're at a Chinese herbalist shop Ping-On street . Astrid was followed back to the lab from here . We 're on our way . I need you to stay here . Olivia and Broyles are on their way . This is not a good idea , son . I 'll be careful . Stay in the car . Goes to all the shows Steps right in to the lions ' den And tell them all he knows Puts his head in the lions ' den Someone must know you 're here . They coming soon ? Nobody else knows I 'm here . - Somehow I don 't believe you . - That 's a shame . Most people find me very trustworthy . Open . Open . Now , if you try to chew this , it will kill you . Swallow ! - Hands where I can see them ! - Gun ! On your knees . Hands behind your head . Are you okay ? I am now . Thought I lost you . Don 't worry about this place . I 'm gonna clean this up . Peter said you were followed . I 'm so sorry . I didn 't know . It 's not your fault . What 's the status of the Chinese nationals ? Well , some are still in surgery . The rest in the ICU . Only time will tell . The doctor says it 's a good prognosis for Mai Lin 's daughter and husband . What 's gonna happen to them ? The state department has agreed to grant them all political asylum . With all those people carrying Ming Che 's medicine , he must 've been treating other people like Matt Jarvis . We turned up more financial records at his shop that trace back to six other patients with immune deficiency . - They 're being questioned now . - Did we find anything else in his shop - that could lead us to Jon Su ? - What we found is that there is no Jon Su . He 's an alias used as a front for all of Ming Che 's financial dealings . Good work , you two . There 's something I need to take care of . Scuse me . What time is it , Walter ? I want so badly to be independent again . To live like a man , not a child . Not to have my son watching after me all the time . Not that I don 't appreciate all that you do for me . That 's not the way it 's supposed to be . Let me finish . I 've been out of the institution for a year now . And I 've just begun my journey back towards being whole . But ... I fear there are still times when I will get lost . So I have implanted a tracking device in my neck . You did what ? And here is the transponder so you can find me . I should let you get back to sleep . Good night , Walter . Good night , my son .
