 Priority no 1 , finding out what cause of this . Priority no 2 , is figuring out whether or not it 'll happen again . Our experiment killed 20 million people . We have to go public and tell the world that we cause the blackout . D. Gibbons was on the phone with somebody else during the blackout . He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over . D. Gibbons escaped . We got his cell phone and a white queen . I love you Zoe even if my parents don 't . I didn 't have a flashforward because I 'm gonna be dead . I know what I saw . The beach . Our wedding . I know you were there . You said you didn 't wanna give up hope . Then don 't . Our wiretapping programme intercepted a phone call to a bureau cell phone . On March 15th , 2010 , you are going to be murdered . You 're not going to Hong Kong , end of story . - We 're going . - Wedeck 's gonna be pissed . He 'll get over it . I am here to warn you tonight that there is yet a chance and a hope of you escaping for my fate , a chance and a hope of my securing , Ebenezer , your freedom in the afterlife . Tonight , you will be haunted by three spirits . Er , is that the chance and hope you mentioned ? It is . Without their visits , you cannot hope to shun the path I 've tread . Expect the first tomorrow when the bell tolls one . Expect the second on the next night , about the same hour . Expect the third on the next night , when the last stroke of 12 ceases to vibrate . You really think we can find the woman who called me ? Linguists expect your caller is Iranian , specifically from Tehran . London educated . How many western Persian speaking women with that kind of accent could that be in Hong Kong ? We 're gonna find her , Dem . We 're going all the way . Come on . You really should answer your cell . It 's your boss calling . Marshall Vogel , FBI legate office , Hong Kong . Did you really think you were just gonna stroll in without immigration flagging your arrival ? - Mark Benford . This is ... - Agent Demetri Noh . Badge number 4587 , born February 17th , 1977 . Potentially murdered , March 15th , 2010 . Gentlemen , I know all about Agent Noh 's mystery woman and I know why you 're looking for . This is a sovereign territory of communist China , a country that ours believes was responsible for the blackout . So you 're here to offer help is what you 're saying . Go home , is what I 'm saying . If you catch the first flight back , your jobs might actually still be there waiting for you . Unless you 're willing to arrest us , I think we 'll take our chances . Hi , cupcake . What part of " stay the hell out of Hong Kong " did you two idiots not understand ? Understand , Al Gough did a half-gainer off the building you 're currently standing in to prove to us the future can be changed . - You two are disobeying a direct order ! - By the way , I lied to Demetri . I told him you changed your mind about us coming out here . Merry Christmas . - Why 'd you tell him you lied to me ? - ' Cause if things go south , you 're definitely gonna need to keep carrying a gun . " We 're live here in Palo Alto , where sources are claiming a major announcement will be made concerning the causes of the global blackout . " Thank you for attending this press conference . My name is Gordon Myhill . I am the director of the National Linear Accelerator Project . Today we have some important information concerning the events - of Oct 6th that we feel needs to be share ... - You know that they 're gonna crucify us . What 's a little martyrdom between friends ? Just make sure you stick to the points we discussed with Myhill . The last thing we need is your guilty conscience dragging us down any further . What the hell does that mean ? You feel guilty because your wife died in the blackout , I get it . Now you have to take care of your son , boom ! . I won 't let you drag me down into your spiral shame just because you 're playing Mr Mum . - Understood ? - I 'd like to introduce you now to our associate directors of the Plasma-Wakefield Programme , Dr Lloyd Simcoe and Dr Simon Campos . Good , good morning . My name is Lloyd Simcoe . As Dr Myhill indicated , our speciality is proton-driven plasma-wakefield acceleration . What we 're trying to do in this facility is to reproduce the kind of energy levels that existed just after the Big Bang on a much more controllable scale . We were conducting just such an experiment here on ... .. October the 6th , at precisely 1100 hours Pacific Daylight Time . Please , please ! If you could just wait for a moment , I will take questions in a minute . Please . I just need to get to the heart of the matter . Er , we are here today because we believe that the global blackout was precipitated by our experiment . Please , please . If you just give me a moment , I will take questions in a minute . Please , one moment ... Are you taking responsibility for all the death and damage caused by the blackout ? We admit that our experiment does seem the most likely cause , yes . But we contend that there was no way to predict anything like this happening whatsoever . This was utterly unforeseeable . Scientists conducted experiment all the time . We specifily cannot stop that experiments because we are not 100 % sure of the results ... It these guys cause the blackout what 's that mean for Mosaic ? Game over ? Maybe Simcoe caused the blackout ... Maybe he didn 't . Game 's not over . And lab will be releasing an official statement regarding this event . We will be concluding this . We will now be concluding ... Please . Please believe me when I say that our hearts go out to anyone who was hurt or lost someone they cared for . My own wife was killed . And I would give anything to have her back . We understand people are scared of thinking there 's going to be another blackout . There won 't be because we were the cause ! And we assure you ... we assure you that this could not happen again because of this moment , all plasma-wakefield experiments are being put on hold indefinitely . You didn 't even apologise ! You killed my family ! Idiot . We talked about having suspicions , about our work contributing to a phenomenon . We needed to be more definitive . There is no we . You made that clear . You lost all objectivity . Yeah and you 're wilfully ignoring your wish just to save your own skin . It 's about collecting empirical evidence and until we can prove empirically that we were the cause of this I 'm not gonna flush my life down the toilet ! I do not think we were to blame for this , you do ! And if you will not see my line of reasoning , it 's all at war between us . - Whoa . What happened to your TV ? - Those scientists . I want them in here yesterday . I want to debrief them . You and seven billion other people . They both disappeared within ten minutes of their announcement . Simon Campos is completely off our radar . Lloyd Simcoe , he had a ticket for a flight to DC that left San Francisco within an hour of his speech . We just found out he wasn 't on the plane . Wait . Simcoe . I knew I heard that name before . How and why , Janice ? When I was in the hospital , I overheard Olivia Benford talking about Dylan Simcoe . He was a patient that they were treating . And according to this he 's Lloyd Simcoe 's son . Then you 're going to Angeles Hospital to wait for him to check on his boy . We don 't have any basis for an arrest , though . Right . This is you . One agent reaching out . That 's it . - We need to know what he knows . - Okay . Oh , hey , have you spoken to Mark or Demetri ? Yeah . That 's what happened to the TV . " You 've reached the Nohs . Leave a message . " Mrs Noh . This is it . This will be the last time I ask you . You 're the parents of the man that I love . I want you at our wedding . 'In the future that I saw , you were there and if you say you 'll go , it makes it real . ' I 'm supposed to marry Demetri and I hope to God that this is the message I 'm supposed to send so that you go . I love your son more than anything in this world and , ma 'am , he loves me . Can you just please help us be together ? You 're early . Hi . Well , you know , I 'm trying to make senior partner one day , too . You going to the memorial tonight ? I know you didn 't know Joyce well . She was so friendly and so kind to me , so of course . I wouldn 't miss it . - See you then . - Yes . Okay . This is it . Audio forensics gave us a three-mile radius of where the call was placed . But there are a bunch of good reasons why we might find Eartha - right here . - Eartha ? Well , she kind of sounds like Eartha Kitt , don 't you think ? What ? You know , the Batman TV show . She played Catwoman . You 're right . She does sound like Eartha Kitt . Yeah . A Persian , well-educated Eartha Kitt . Listen , there 's only two news stands within a block of here that sell Persian newspapers . There 's maybe a stretch but there 's a place around the corner that sells Iranian cigarettes . That voice , you know , it 's a pretty good bet she smokes . What ? Mmm-hmm . Farsi for the tide in the mist . Persian woman , Persian food . Yahtzee . - Tomorrow ? - Tomorrow . Ah , forget it . What ? I 've just never been surveilled before . I 'm not surveilling you . It feels like I 'm being surveilled . Well , I could split , if you just slide me Lloyd Simcoe 's phone number . Okay . And what do I do after I get fired ? A girl 's gotta try . Dr Benford said that you came in while I was away . - How 'd it go ? - She says I 'm doing good . Not good enough to have a baby yet . - You wanna have a baby ? - I didn 't ... .. but then the blackout happened and I saw myself getting a sonogram . I was pregnant . I was totally crazy . It was like being in love or something . I don 't know . Maybe I 'll just listen to the universe and throw the towel in on the whole thing . Listen . In your flash forward , you saw yourself pregnant . If you were really listening to the universe , you 'd be trying to have that baby . - Do you know how far along you were ? - The sonographer said four months . The beginning of January . If that 's what you saw , that 's ... When I 'm supposed to get pregnant . - You still wanna get pregnant ? - Yeah Then don 't , give up . " .. Suharto . Simcoe and Campos killed more people than all of those monsters combined . " " There 's a real good case to be made here . You 've got the biggest mass murderers in history . " - " Why aren 't they in jail ? " - Wedeck . - " They haven 't broken any laws . " - He 's ... - " What about criminal negligence ? " - And no-one ... ? " .. 20 million people . " - Yes . - " There needs to be a trial . " " Simcoe went to Harvard , 1998 . He got his PhD . " So you 're here to turn yourself in ? I 'm not sure what we did could be construed as a crime , even if it were proven we were responsible . I do not believe we caused the blackout . Well , you probably shouldn 't have stood up in front of crowd of reporters and said you did . - Not my choice . - Hmm . Lloyd Simcoe tends to let his emotions run rampant . I don 't . Any idea who is responsible then ? No . But I 'm saying if you allowed me access to your Mosaic investigation , I 'd could divine the answer for you . So you wanna be deputised . I 've served on three panels with the National Science Foundation , I have security clearance . You 're confusing me with someone who gives a damn . I 'm up for giving you a lesson , not a new career . How long do you think Washington will continue to fund an investigation into what caused the blackout when somebody has already stepped forward and accepted the blame ? My guess is unless you come up with some compelling evidence relatively soon , you 'll never find out what or who caused the greatest global catastrophe in human history or if we can prevent it from happening again . How about this . You come back tomorrow morning , I 'll have something to show you , we make some progress , I 'll see what I can do about an official role . Because I do like you , Assistant Director Wedeck , ... .. I will accept your disingenuous offer . " # Dashing through the snow " - " # In a one-horse open sleigh " - How dare he come in here . He 's here . - Did you charter a flight ? - Excuse me ? I 'm Agent Janis Hawk with the Mosaic task force . - Are you here to arrest me ? - Come in and talk to us . We need information and you need some protection . I 'm sorry . My son 's safety is my priority right now and if you 've connected me to him , it won 't be long before others do as well . So , I have to get him out of here immediately . Let us help you . Please . It gonna be an opportunity ... I maybe glad about this but I 'm not interested , okay ? Just leave us alone . We 're looking for a friend . She works around here , maybe eats at this restaurant . We don 't have a picture but we have a recording of her voice . So why don 't if you take a listen and let us know if you recognise it . Sure . " I am sorry , there is no delicate way to say this , but on March 15th 2010 , you are going to be murdered . " I 'm sorry . I would remember that voice if I knew who it belonged to . Now , how about some dessert ? - Sure , thank you . - Okay . Yeah , I saw it . Stand outside . Make sure no one comes in . " Ho-ho-ho ! Merry Christmas ! " Okay . Some faludeh . - Thank you . - Your friend ? Stepped outside . Hey , sit down , join me . The , er , ... woman we 're looking for , she has information we need . It 's a matter of life and death . I 'm so sorry . I can 't help you with that . You have it backwards . If you can 't help , you will be sorry . You know that woman . Not so long ago , a hotel concierge named Anush Harandi , an Iranian man , much like yourself , was taken from his home in Bangkok in the middle of the night because my government believed he had some small piece of information . His friends , his family , no one knew what happened to him . He spent two years in secret detention . My , erm , government 's gotten very good at that sort of thing . - Her name is Nhadra Udaya . - You get her name ? She comes here on the weekends but almost every night she has a late dinner at a dim sum place two blocks down . Now we just have to get her to talk . One way or another . Hey , why didn 't you want me in there ? I 'm trying to protect you , Dem . If someone 's hands are gonna get dirty , let it be mine . We 've given these to our top-level analysts . They haven 't been able to tell us anything useful about it . Well , it 's a good thing I 'm smarter than they are . These are highly-classified images so we 've obscured anything that indicates where they were taken . Somalia . The dip slopes in the overlying limestone , the orientation of the flora , the shallow waters ... Just tell us what you see . - Are you taking the piss ? - Tell us what you see . Zoom in , please . Yep . I designed that . That is a specialised post laser for a plasma afterburner . It increases the rate of acceleration for traditional radio frequency machines . The concept should win me a Nobel in a couple of years . I must say , the modelling software you guys use is incredibly impressive . The structure almost looks real . Hm . That is a real structure . And that is a real photograph . That 's not possible . The technology doesn 't exist yet . We 're still running numerical simulations . When did you come up with the idea for the laser ? '92 . Why ? Well , that photograph was taken in 1991 . That ... doesn 't make sense . Who else could 've come up with this idea ? No one . Your unparalleled genius act is wearing thin . That 's not what I mean . Look , you ask any great scientific mind what they want to achieve and the only honest answer is immortality . If you discover something that changes the world , you live forever . So whoever designed this not only had to be brilliant but didn 't even care about being famous . Didn 't want it . Practically fetishised their anonymity . - A recluse . A paranoid . - Exactly . We believe this man was somehow connected to the blackout . This is a composite sketch made by our field agents . We know that at least he 's awake during the blackout and he may have been in contact with another person who was also awake . We don 't even know his real name yet . But he 's using the alias " D Gibbons " . He 's highly efficient in advance computing equipment and particle-physics simulation . Apparantly he 's been hacking into a number of high-tech facilities . ' He also seems to have a penchant for chess . Hmm ... A techie , chess-playing social-misfit physicist . Well , that should narrow it down . Have you ever seen him before , at conferences or lectures ? No . But if he had anything to do with the blackout , I 'll do everything I can to help you find him . The very least I 'd like to give his testicles a squeeze for shocking my plasma-afterburner design . I need to find somewhere where my son can be safe . Southland University Hospital . That 's less secure than this hospital . Maybe I 'm not making myself clear . You don 't seem very good at that . No . I beg your pardon ? The announcement this morning . You said that you caused the blackout , and then you said that you didn 't mean to . It was all kind of a jumble . In my experience , innocent people tend to speak in specifics . No . No , no . I spoke in specifics . I related a series of facts , and - Southland University Hospital . I can transfer your son there . Do you want me to put it through ? No . I want - I need you to find a secure facility for my son . Let 's try Travers . It 's a private children 's hospital in Glendale . I doubt they 'll have any beds . They will when I make a call . Get that started , and I 'll draw up a transfer note . Be back in an hour . I don 't suppose I can expect anyone to help me much in forsiable future . You need help , I 'll help you . " And I , John , saw the Holy City , New Jerusalem , coming down from God out of heaven , prepared as a bride adorned for her husband . " We are here tonight to say a final goodbye to Joyce . You saw me there . Yeah ! Um ... No . But I 'm positive you were . Joyce 's death is a tragic loss . We 've lost a daughter , a wife , a friend . But what we must remember , what we must hold in our hearts ... Looks like we found her . Okay ... - You shouldn 't have come here . - You called me , remember ? That was a mistake , clearly . You being here now will set things in motion that will end very badly for you . Can we just skip over the histrionic action-movie cliches ? Cause I 'm way too jet-lagged to deal with any of that right now . Tell me who you are . I can 't . I was trying to warn you . You don 't even know me . Why do you care if I live or die ? Your death is the first in a long line of dominos that I would rather not see fall down . So help us stop it from happening . - I can 't . - You can by telling us . If I tell you more , the act of telling you may end up bring about the unfortunate incident we are all trying to avoid . I 'm willing to take that risk . I said you would be shot three times . Shots at close range . Which means I probably know my killer . In fact , you do . He 's sitting at this table right now . You , Agent Benford . You will kill Agent Noh on March 15th , with the very gun I assume you 're carrying right now . A SIG-Sauer model P226 . In the call you said you didn 't know who killed me . Now you said you do . I lied because I didn 't want to bring about the incident which I told you about . How could you possibly know ? A , 5 , 6 , 1 , 9 , 8 , 4 . And , er , what is that ? The serial number of your gun . It will be your gun , Agent Benford , and you will pull the trigger . And then again , and then again . You could 've found the serial number a different way . You could have hacked into the Bureau 's gun registry . Agent Noh ... how many times have you interrogated a suspect ? Look into my eyes . Your partner is going to kill you , intentionally . Why would I do that , hmm ? Why ? Presumably , in the next few months , a reason will present itself . - Now , you 've got what you 've come for . - No , I have more question . I am done giving you answers . It 's time for you to leave . Don 't . You 're coming with us , right now ! Move , move ! Move ! What are we doing ? Cover me ! - Down the stairs , now ! Down ! - Come on , come on , come on ! - Which way ? - Trust me , I 've got it ! Back off , now ! Put the gun down ! Hey Mark . This woman is a material witness to a murder . There has been no murder . - But there will be . - Will there , Agent Benford ? - Let her go . - Mark . Nhadra , have your men lower their guns , now . All the way down ! This isn 't over . It never is . Put your hands behind your back . Mr Simcoe . Hey . I have those transfer papers . - Sorry for all the red tape . - I appreciate it . Especially after the inconvenience I 've caused you and your family . You didn 't do anything wrong . Are you ready to get Dylan checked out ? Yep . You really think there won 't be another blackout ? Not unless we recreate the exact conditions of our experiment , no . It was an incredibly brave thing you did , coming forward like that , taking responsibility . I think the line between brave and stupid 's a pretty blurry one . Oh , I didn 't say it wasn 't stupid . - So , you went to Harvard in ' 98 ? - Yeah . It was one of the best times of my life . I was doing my doctorate . I had this beautiful apartment above a cigar shop . Levitt and Pierce ? - Yeah , that 's the one . - I was supposed to go to Harvard in ' 98 , and I was gonna live in the building next door . So , why didn 't you ? Because Mark got his job with the Bureau and he was gonna be transfered to Los Angeles , so I decided to be with him instead . My wife moved into that building . That 's how I met her . Wow . So , er ... So , if I had gone , we probably would have met . Have you heard of the many-worlds interpretation ? No . It was coined by a physicist called Hugh Everett in the ' 50s . Basically the idea is , anything that could have happened in our past actually did happen in some other universe . All those alternate decisions and choices you made are still playing themselves out in another world . If you buy the theory , I suppose , in some other universe , - you did go to Harvard . - Hmm . And we did meet . Of course , that 's not the world we live in . Nope . Thank you again for this . Sure . You 're both very lucky men . I saved your lives , helped you avoid an international incident . Why are you keeping us from her ? You don 't need to know what Nhadra knows . Let me get you on your flight , okay . Just a friendly service Legats provides . You 're not Legats . If you were Bureau , you never would have let us get off the plane . And after what went down in that alley , this whole thing stinks like a company job . We prefer the term " Central Intelligence Agency . " I hate to break it to you , but Mosaic is bigger than you . Bigger than the FBI . Bigger than any one country intelligence organisation . You 're just a ... a tiny spec , Mark . A flake of dandruff on the nape of this thing 's neck . But if it will make you feel better ... to take a swing at me , then go right ahead . It 's not like you 've got anything else to lose . That call , I would take . " You know what I 'm staring at ? " I 'm watching the security camera feed of your amazing food screw in Hong Kong . - Stan . - Shut up ! It was sent to me by the damn US Ambassador to China . So I 'm calling to congratulate you . You 've succeeded in changing the future . Yeah , I got it . Here . Wedeck 's orders . Looks like we finally have something in common . Neither of us are FBI . They have been following you ever since you destroyed that doll factory . Coming here was a mistake . I can 't protect you . Then I 'll just have to find someone who can . Can I come in ? Mrs Noh , I think I understand why you didn 't want to talk to me about our wedding . - Zoe ... - We need to talk about this . About what I saw . 'You were there . With Mr Noh . ' I didn 't see Demetri . Then I realised something . No matter how much I begged you , you 'd never come to our wedding . Zoe ... But you wouldn 't miss your son 's funeral . Why didn 't you tell us ? Talking about it with you , with anyone , that would make it real . Maybe before all this , we would have had difficulties with you marrying our son , but what I saw that day , that moment , the love you have for Demetri ... I want you to know , we see things differently now , and we 'd be proud for you to be a part of our family . We wish that was the future . We wish that more than anything . We can do more than wish . Mrs Noh , we can change the future . # " Happy Christmas ( War Is Over ) " - John Lennon Answer one question . Are these the shadows of things that will be , or that may be ? Spirit , hear me , I am not the man I was . Assure me that I may yet change these shadows that you show me by an altered life ! I will live in the past , the present and the future , and not shut out the lessons that they teach . I 'm sorry . What are you sorry for ? It 's my murder . My problem . Meanwhile , I 'm sitting here with your badge in my pocket . I 'm not gonna shoot you , Dem . I 'm not gonna let this investigation kill you , either . No matter what happens . Smile , Bryce . Haven 't you heard ? It 's the most wonderful time of year . What 's this ? Open it and find out . It 's a lucky cat . Maneki neko in Japanese . Depending upon which paw is raised promises different things for your future . What does the right paw indicate ? Luck in love . Thanks , Nicole . Don 't worry , ... you 'll find her . I gotta go . I 'm not surveilling you again , I promise . I 'm here on a personal matter , I swear . How can I help you ? Do you remember that whole ... not-giving-up thing we were talking about earlier ? Mm-hm . If I was to start trying now , what exactly should I be doing ? First of all , this is for a prenatal vitamin ... Erm , that 's all great . Erm , ... I need something a little more ... basic . I 'm actually gonna be doing this alone and the whole ... penis thing is kind of a problem for me cause ... I don 't like them . Ah . You 're , ... you 're gay ? I 'm super gay . - Super gay ? - Yeah . - And you need a sperm bank ? - Yeah . I know of a good one . Cubit Fertility Clinic , there 's a doctor by the name of Jane Parker . Just tell her I sent you . She 's great . Thank you , Dr Varley . - I really appreciate it . - No problem . I tell you , you 're gonna love the ambulance , Dylan . Mr Simcoe , I 'm John , my partner here Reid we 'll be transporting you and your son . - Thank you . - All ready to go ? Dr Benford . I just came to see the two of you off , make sure everything went okay . Are you ready for your trip , little man ? Yeah , he 's ready , he 's just a little shy . I 'm not sure if you 've had your training , but , er , Dylan 's autistic . - We 've had training . - Okay , good . Sweetie , are you ready to get in the ambulance with these guys and your dad ? Come on , let 's do it . There we go . Yeah , it 's gonna be fun . I 've got a secret for you . Cool people call them ambos . - Ambos ? - Ambos , that 's right . - Ambos . - That 's right . You 're gonna go for a ride in the ambo . No . It 's okay . Alright . No restraints , just on the legs . - It 's alright , buddy . - Bye , Dylan . I 'll miss you , kiddo . See you in a sec . Thanks , guys . So I guess this is the part where we , er ... - Wish each other a ... nice life . - Something like that . Come here . So , the many-worlds theory , that you talk about earlier , is that something you believe in ? Oh , well , many physicists do these days . You didn 't answer the question . And out of respect , I 'm , ... I 'm not going to . Thank you again , Olivia . And goodbye . Oh , hold on . Wait , wait , wait . Hang on there . Easy . Hang on there . Get his legs in . Hey , let go of his arm ! Come on ! You said you were trained . We don 't have time for this . Come on lady , we 're on a schedule . Excuse me ? Bill , can you get down here ? ! Yeah ? Er , I don 't know what 's going on here , but ... No , no , no . Please , please , please don 't hurt her ! Get in the van Mr. Simcoe . - I 'll come with you . Please . - Get in the van ! Go ! Dylan , it 's gonna be okay . Agh ! - Dad ! No , Dad ! Dad ! - Ssshhh .
