 Veronica , quick question . What is it with everyone and their questions this morning ? " Where 'd you learn to drive ? " " Will you marry me ? " " Why would you say that to my baby ? " Rose is running for third grade class president ... and I had some of the guys in the print shop whip up these campaign posters . What do you think ? Too much ? Not enough ? Ted , you don 't have to go through all this . Just say the word and the election 's hers . We did it for Iceland , and we can do it for your kid . Ooh , flowers . Look at you , having a girlie moment . - Crap on a cracker ! - And she 's back . They 're from my stinking father . I need status reports on every product we have in the pipeline . I should explain . Veronica and her dad don 't have what you 'd call ... a traditional father-daughter relationship . Veronica 's father is Elijah Palmer ... C.E.O. of Digivation Industries , one of our company 's main rivals . Digivation Industries has long been working to develop a new , more powerful battery . One that could last up to seven years . Veronica and her dad are both extremely competitive ... and have a history of stealing products from each other 's companies . And so , I am proud to stand here today and present to you - Absolutely nothing . Thank you all for coming . It 's a little cat and mouse game they play ... instead ofhaving a normal , healthy relationship . Hover shoes . Brilliant . You better take a look at this . And every time one of them steals an idea from the other ... the winner sends the loser a thank-you present . Hey , did you guys hear ? Digivation is coming out with a new weight-loss toothpaste . - Damn it . - Aren 't we developing something like that ? Ooh , flowers . They really steal product ideas from each other ? That 's a whole new kind of crazy . Well , it 's a little strange , but I 'm the last one to judge . My father and I hardly speak . We are like oil and - What 's that thing that 's always disappointing oil ? Oh , yeah , it 's me . My dad and I totally love each other . Oh , I 'm sorry . Does your obvious pain make that an insensitive thing to say ? No . No , I am totally fine with the fact ... that nothing I 've ever done or will do could ever please my father ... or make up for the fact that I didn 't become the plumber he so desperately wanted me to be . Ah . I talk to my dad every week . Well , usually my mom takes the phone , but that 's okay , ' cause I totally love her too . - And sometimes Grandma picks up the phone - - Oh , that 's fantastic . There 's a whole lot of love in your family and none in mine . - You should get a " family of the year " award . - Do they have one of those ? Because we would totally kick ass . Just talked to Linda about her father . Man , I am never doin ' that again . I have the best dad . All he ever wanted was for me to have a better life than him . So what 's your deal ? My dad died when I was three . Oh . So , he may have been a horrible man . A horrible man who died saving 30 people from a burning bus . The newspaper said his last words were that he loved me ... more than all the stars in the universe . Now that I 'm a scientist , I know that meant ... his love was infinite and ever-expanding . My father once got kicked out of a zoo for giving a monkey a cigarette . So , what 's the latest on the wrinkle cream ? - It 's a disaster . - A debacle . - A disastacle . - The synthetic skin grafts ... show no increase in suppleness or elasticity . All that 's happening is they 're growing thick strands of hair . It 's like my aunt 's chin before she plucks it for church . - This happens every time ? - Yes , we failed you . Stop screaming at us . Guys , you didn 't fail . You 're growing hair . This is th-the holy grail of Research and Development . Every R D department in the country is looking for this . This discovery could make us legends . - I love when Ted 's happy . - Me too . I know just the song we should sing when he leaves . We 're making Ted happy and we 're going to go down in history . God , my dad is gonna be so proud . I 'll draw up the proposal and get the paperwork in . If all goes well , we can start work on this by next fall . Next fall ? We can 't wait that long . - We gotta keep movin ' . - But what about protocol ? Forget protocol . Did Einstein stop to fill out paperwork before discovering his theory of relativity ? Actually , he was a patent clerk , so all he did was fill out paperwork . Guys , keep goin ' . If this is successful , we could do to the comb-over ... what Einstein did to Newtonian physics . See ? I know things about stuff . Okay , honey , so they just introduced you . You walk to the front of the class . You 're projecting the strength and leadership of a future class president . You have smartly peed beforehand , so you 're not all squirmy . Dad , can I just say my speech while I 'm still in the third grade ? Yes . Sorry . Go ahead . Hi , I 'm Rose . Vote for me . Please ? Thank you . You 're welcome . And the crowd goes wild . That was great . You know , the only thing the class president does ... is go to student council meetings and feed the gerbil . I don 't even know if I wanna win . The gerbil 's kind of a jerk . Of course you wanna win , honey . You 're just nervous . But you are gonna be great . I 'm gonna go take a bath , maybe color a little . You know , unwind . I always encourage Rose to dream big . Because the only thing my father ever encouraged me to do was be a plumber like him . You biked all the way down here just to tell me you want to go to Space Camp ? Come on . Try living ' here on Earth with the rest of us , Teddy . While I was trying to be a good dad ... Veronica 's dad had gotten under her skin . So she called the guys from Corporate Intelligence ... to help her get some daughterly payback . Nobody steals my weight-loss toothpaste and gets away with it . I want to bring him to his knees . No , I want to steal his knees . Can we do that ? Well , joint-stealing technology is still years away ... but our inside guy at Digivation did give us a lead on one of their hottest projects . Marine mammal communication . Lets you talk to whales . The device - - Doesn 't work . - Dad . Or rather , it does work , but it 's useless . Whales are shallow twits . All they do is gossip and spread rumors . It 's like talking to teenage girls . Well , you 'd know all about that . - Gentlemen , please excuse us . - Yes , off you go , fellas . There 's a large woman on the fourth floor ... with one of our listening devices embedded in her derriere . See if you can sniff it out . So , obviously that whale thing is a winner , or you wouldn 't be telling me it 's a loser . Unless it 's really a loser and I 'm pretending it 's a loser to make you think it 's a winner . Or I 'm pretending to think it 's a winner , when I actually know it 's a loser ... because you said it was a loser to make me think it 's a winner . So , the student becomes the master . Or the student has always been the master ... but wanted the master to think the master was the master ... when he was actually just a student . These conversations are why your mother left us . That , and the fact that you porked your way through my sorority . Look , Ted . We were able to successfully grow hair ... on a living organism which previously had no hair . Behold three no-longer-bald potatoes . We isolated the follicle-generating compound ... and atomized it into an aerosol . This is incredible . I want to start testing . But we are testing . See , testers , testees . Testing . You said testees . - Oh , my God , that 's hilarious . - Guys ? Focus . I mean human testing . Ted , we can 't test it on humans . There 's a whole protocol we have to follow . Uh , first we have to test it on a rat , then a bat ... - then for some reason , a hat . - I think that started as a typo . - Then a cat . - Forget about it , guys . I 'm telling you , I want you to speed this along . - No . - What ? He said , " No . " At least I think that 's what he said . There 's a lot of blood rushing through my ears right now . We are not mad scientists , Ted ... regardless of what our bowling shirts might say . Guys , when I ask you to do something , I expect you to do it . Apparently , we 're standing our ground . Fine , then I 'm gonna get you bowling shirts that say ... " boss-disappointing , protocol-loving , un-legendary scientists . " Veridian Dynamics . We 're working hard to make your life better ... but our competitor , Digivation , wants to ruin your life . Since Digivation was founded 50 years ago , millions have died . Millions more have become sad . What 's your problem , Digivation ? Veridian Dynamics . Good . Digivation . Bad . You came here to call a truce ? Because I want things to be different between us now . You must be sitting on something huge . Something so big , you can 't stand the thought of me stealing it . There 's something I need to tell you . Ted . Mr. Palmer ? Is that your dad ? - Why are you throwing him out of the building ? - He says he 's dying . I know it 's not my place to say anything , but my God , what is wrong with you ? You mean , why do I allow employees to talk to me that way ? Your father is dying , and you throw him out of the building ? Oh , please . He 's not dying . What is this , Dutch blend ? I hate Dutch blend . And the Dutch too . Those people are lunatics . With their wooden shoes and their fatty sausages . - What about your father ? - I don 't know how he feels about the Dutch , Linda . - You 'll have to ask him . - I mean , how do you know he 's not dying ? Because I know how the man works . He 's after something . I just don 't know what it is yet . Do you know the Dutch celebrate Christmas ... by throwing fruit at each other ? I read that once . But what if he really is dying ? What if it 's not a lie ? Like all that stuff you just said about the Dutch ? It can 't be true . People don 't just - Well , people do , but not my father . I mean , really , it 's just not in his nature to die . I have to check something . Veronica , what are you doing here , and who is this man ? This is my physician , Dr. Something-berg . - Rosenbaum . - Rosenberg . - Rosenbaum . - Stop arguing with me . That 's not why we 're here . I need to confirm that you 're full of crap , not tumors . Well ? He 's telling the truth . I 'd say he 's got about a year left . What ? That 's impossible . Oh , my God . My daddy 's dying . There , there . At least now you 'll have something to talk to your sister about ... besides all her stupid babies . Phil and Lem have refused to move forward on the hair growth formula ... so I stole a sample when they ran downstairs to the ice cream truck . I 'm gonna test it on myself . I know I 'm being a little impatient ... but this project hits very close to home . So , you made the chess team . One step closer to your life dream of being a giant nerd . " Ooh , look at me , I 'm valedictorian . " Whoop-de-damn-do . Business school ? The only business I care about is the one people do in their toilets . Tell me something , Teddy . When are you gonna get your head out of your butt and do something useful ? Like figure out how to make a toupee ... that doesn 't go AWOL every time I crawl under a damn sink . All my life I 've tried to make my dad happy and I 've never been able to . Until now . Because now I 'm gonna give him something 10 times better than a toupee . And , no , I don 't mean 10 toupees . My dad 's 60th birthday is comin ' up . I was going to give him this . But now , I 'm gonna give him this . Hair . It worked . We 're almost out of orange juice ... and I don 't want to be class president . What ? What 's goin ' on ? Well , I opened the refrigerator - - Rose . - I just don 't want to spend all my recesses in meetings . I 'd rather play in the sandbox and make mud pies . Honey , you 're just nervous . Look , I know it 's not easy , but I really think you should stick with it . You 're gonna be the best class president ever . - All right . - All right ? Good . Being better than the last one won 't be hard . He ate pencils and kept calling our teacher " Mommy . " You were right , my father really is dying . Congratulations , cancer whisperer , you win . Oh , Veronica , I 'm so sorry . It 's okay , Linda . You 'll get through this . I know I will . I 'm trying to support you . So , how are you feeling ? Oh , we 're gonna talk about feelings now ? Okay . Sad . There ! It had to be felt . Veronica , you need to spend time with him . Do father-daughter things - that don 't involve stealing secrets . Instead , steal his heart , fill it with love and then give it back . But not literally . That would be murder . Maybe you 're right . I should connect with him before it 's too late . Luckily , I 've always done my best work under deadlines . And so , Veronica set out ... to have the relationship with her father she never had . At first , it was a little confusing . So , they decided to do activities together . I made a list of the advantages and disadvantages of standing up to Ted ... because I stood up to Ted and wanted to know if there are any advantages . - There are none . - That 's why I tried to stop you . Ted is like the angle opposite the hypotenuse . He 's always right . - You did not try to stop me . - I tried to try , but nothing came out . My head was screaming " No ! " but my mouth was chewing gum . I hope he 's not mad at us . We 've never stood up to Ted before . Technically , I still haven 't . Guys , I need to see you in my office . It 's about the hair growth formula . Is it terrified in here , or is it just me ? So I snuck some of the spray into my office ... and tried it on my arm , and it worked . Of course it did , because we said it wasn 't ready for human testing and you said it was . " We . " There 's a lot of " we " talk happening here , and I don 't think Ted cares for it . My desk is having a bad hair day . That 's a little weird , huh ? Incredible ! The pappi are planting themselves on anything porous . When you used the aerosol , the overspray must have hit these exposed surfaces . - You know what that means ? - Yes . The mutant follicles have turned parasitic ... and are generating at an astronomical rate . And ... I was right to question Ted . Yes , we were ! Just let me have this . Yes , you were right to question me . I was trying so hard to impress my dad I lost sight of - well , all the smooth surfaces on my desk . Anyway , I 'm sorry . We 're cool . What 's that growing out of your cuff ? Oh , that would be my new shoulder hair . High on moral superiority ... Phil and Lem went to work trying to find a solution to the hair in my office . Ooh . While Lem and Phil are looking for a more permanent solution ... I 'm just trying to keep my office from looking like this girl I used to date . It 's a long story , but yes , she looked like a desk with hair . What is going on in here ? Are you shaving your office furniture ? Well , it 's not gonna shave itself . Okay , here 's the deal . There was this experiment . Enough said . I know how those go . Last week I had that genetically altered koala flying around my office . Oh , while you 're here . So-Thank you - How are things with your father ? Well , we spent all yesterday together , but it never felt right . - Am I a horrible person ? - I don 't know anything about fathers either . Chasing a relationship with mine could turn the whole world into a giant fur ball . What my father and I had worked for us . Why am I trying to change it ? Oh , and Ted , stop torturing your desk . I got a Russian girl who can get that thing bikini-ready in 20 minutes . A few days later ... Phil and Lem figured out a solution to the hair problem . Mr. Palmer had also been thinking about his new relationship with Veronica . Uh , Mr. Palmer . I 'm Linda . I 'm a friend of your - Well , not really a friend of your daughter 's , more of a colleague . No , I 'm definitely not a colleague . We 're not equals in any way . I guess if you forced me to define the relationship - Young lady , are you aware that I have only one year to live ? I 'm sorry . I just wanted to say how great I think it is ... that you and Veronica are finally connecting after all these years . Thank you very much . That 's very sweet . What are you doing for lunch ? Oh , I thought you and Veronica were going out . Oh , yes , that 's right . Of course , we are going out . That 'll be fun . We 've been having so much ... fun . You know , every year my parents and I rent an R.V. and go across the country . You should try it with Veronica sometime . Last year we saw the world 's biggest thermometer . It did not disappoint . Oh , and we visited a town that has a dog for a mayor . He 's the only mayor in Illinois that when you scratch his stomach ... he looks like he 's trying to start a motorcycle . That 's on the brochure . I think I have it here somewhere . Wow , such a lot going on in this country . No wonder America is trying to eat itself to death . - Hi , Dad . Are you ready to go to lunch ? - Yes , I thought we 'd go to - Veronica realized ... what kind of relationship she wanted with her father - I just need to go down the hall a minute . I 'll be right back . Okay . but left it up to him to decide what kind he wanted with her . And so they agreed to spend their remaining time together doing what they enjoyed most . Send them back with a dozen smiley face cookies . He just blew millions of dollars ... developing a hair product that 's technically a parasite . And I realized that rather than trying ... to change something about my father that I couldn 't ... better to focus on being a better dad than my old man ... and accept my kid for who she is and what she wants . Honey , you don 't have to run for class president ... if you don 't want to . - Really ? I can quit ? - Mm-hmm . To play in the mud ? You 're the best dad ever . Sure , I wanted Rose to be class president ... but it 's not something she wanted for herself . And , come on , we all heard her campaign speech . And as for whether my dad likes my gift or not ... I 'm really not gonna worry about it . English - US - SDH
