 Trust . At a successful company like this , that 's the glue that holds everything together . At Veridian Dynamics , we even hold special events to build that trust . Don 't let me go ! I will not let you go ! Come on ! It 's just like the virtual climbing wall at M.I. T ! It wasn 't there when I was there ! It 's virtual . Technically , it was never there . - Now , don 't look down . - I 'm falling ! I 'm falling ! I 've got you ! Once you have that trust , you know someone will always have your back . You realize if this project goes forward ... all the aborigines in Australia will lose their sense of smell . Which is why I 'm going to kill it . That 's just too high a price to pay for fabric softener . If those aborigines were here , they 'd smell a good man . You ready ? - Hair ? - Good . Teeth ? - Clear . Tie ? - Stained . Gotcha . But the most important thing is the trust the public has in our products . That 's why many of our products never get past the testing phase . Like our soldier-tracking G.P.S. underwear . Hot . Hot . But sometimes , in spite of our best efforts , a bad product does get through . And for any corporation , the worst case scenario is - The company 's being sued for something we made . Is it that number the accounting guys invented for tax purposes ? - No . - Then on a scale of one to zirplex , how bad is it ? It 's bad . Remember that perfume your team developed about a year ago ? In three out of 5,000 women , it reacts with their body chemistry ... and attracts hornets who want to mate with them . And when the hornets realize they 've been deceived , do they just laugh it off ? If by laugh , you mean sting over and over again in endless waves of fury , then yes . They have a wonderful sense of humor . - So , has the company offered to settle ? - Generously . Enough to buy each woman a new face of equal or greater value than her original . But their lawyers are gonna try to screw us ... by claiming we knew the perfume had this problem but put it on the market anyway . - What ? That 's ridiculous . - Exactly . So we 're all gonna have to give depositions and say we didn 't know this could happen . But we didn 't know it could happen . Good . That sounds very truthful . - Because we didn 't know . - That one wasn 't as good . - But we didn 't ! - There you go . That 's the one . - Veronica ! - I 'd leave my name out of it . With the public 's trust at stake , we all gave depositions . Veronica had done it before and so knew just what to say - or how little to say . Were you involved in the development of this product ? Yes . And how would you summarize the company 's reaction ... when they found out that women who used this product were savagely attacked by insects ? - Ouch . - Will you elaborate on that , please ? No . - Can you describe your job ? - Yes . How would you describe your job ? Cleverly . My deposition also went well , although it took an odd turn . Tell me , Mr. Crisp , would you give this perfume to your wife ? I don 't have a wife . - Girlfriend ? - I don 't have a girlfriend . Huh . - Boyfriend ? - No boyfriend . So there 's nobody significant at all in your life ? I mean , that you would give the perfume to . - Nope . Just me and my eight-year-old daughter . - Ohh ! And Phil - Well , Phil doesn 't do well under pressure . Mr. Mymen , says here you went to M.I. T. Is that correct ? No . I 'm a liar . A damn , dirty liar ! Excuse me ? When I took this job , I lied on my résumé . I didn 't attend M.I.T. I graduated from the University of Aruba ! I wanted to be a big fish in a little pond . I played rugby . And I am proud of my years as a Syphilitic Conquistador . That was the team name . They wanted something the locals found frightening . Lem was nervous too . So nervous , he whipped up something in the lab to keep himself calm . He may have over-whipped . Hello , cats and kittens . I 'm here to testify . This is nice . The air feels likeJell-O . But eventually , all the depositions ended up in the same place . Were you aware that this product was potentially dangerous ? - No . - No . - Absolutely not . - Negatory , Catwoman . - Yes . - Now , what exactly - Wait a minute . Did you just say " yes " ? Yes . Uh-huh . And did you notify anyone within the company about the situation ? I sent an e-mail to the C.E.O. And I sent another one to - Yes ? Ms. Zwordling , who else knew about this ? Ted . Our Ted ? Veridian Dynamics . Mistakes . We all make them . But sometimes mistakes lead to great discoveries . Mistakes are how we learn and grow ... so we can do amazing things . When you think about it , shouldn 't you be thanking us for making mistakes ? Veridian Dynamics . We 're sorry . You 're welcome . You told the lawyers that you sent me an e-mail saying that the perfume attracts hornets ? I was under oath . I had to tell the truth , which I probably would 've done anyway . It 's kind of a bad habit I have . - But it wasn 't the truth . You didn 't send me an e-mail . - Yes , I did . - No , you didn 't . - Yes , I did . - No , you didn 't . - Oh , yes , I did . I didn 't get any e-mail . And you could 've at least warned me that 's what you were gonna say . The lawyers told us not to discuss our testimony . And I did send it to you , Ted . I remember . It was my first week here . It was my very first project . Hello . Linda , right ? Yes , Mr. Crisp . Linda Zwordling . Please , call me Ted . Oh , and - and you call me Linda . Oh , you already did . Then keep calling me Linda . And you keep calling me Ted . And together we 'll call each other by our names . It 's just crazy enough to work . Oh , God . That 's not my laugh . I don 't know where that came from . I 'm just so excited to be here working for this company that does all these great things . You know , my cousin uses the wheelchair you guys invented - the one that climbs stairs . It was my idea to give them brakes . You should 've seen those suckers barreling downstairs . You 're joking ... with me ... on my first day . I love this place . Oh , before I forget , we 've been getting some unusual results ... on this perfume product I 've been testing . - Ted , can I speak to you a minute ? - Sure . - Have you met Linda ? - Yes . With the laugh . Don 't worry . I 'm working on a new one . That 's not it . Well , keep us posted . If there 's something I should know about the perfume results , just send me an e-mail . E - got it . You know what I 'm doing ? I 'm trying too hard . A few minutes later , I sent you the e-mail . Yeah . Well , I believe that you believe you sent it ... but I know exactly where I was and I didn 't get anything . How can you be so sure ? For me , it was memorable because it was my first week and I was field-testing my laugh . For you , it was just another day . Well , I - I remember because , um - Well , I just do . If there 's something I should know about the perfume results , just , uh , send me an e-mail . E - got it . You know what I 'm doing ? I 'm trying too hard . I like that hairstyle . It 's very powerful . - Would you mind if I wore my hair like that ? - Of course not . Good . Then you can 't anymore . The laughing girl whose hair I 'm taking likes you . So , you wanted to talk to me ? Right after our teleconference , France called . They 're in . - God , you were on your game this afternoon . - You think ? 'Cause I wasn 't really feeling it . Ted , that was an excellent presentation . Everything you said was just so concise and exactly - I think you and I should have sex . If you want . How could you know where you were at that exact moment six months ago ? What were you doing that was so memorable ? Well , I was , uh , just lying down . You were lying down ? That 's how you remember it so vividly ? Yes . Because , uh , well , the blood had rushed to my brain . - Why are you being so weird ? - I 'm not being weird . You 're being weird . Oh , my God . You did get my e-mail and you 're lying . That 's what 's happening . This is what Ted looks like when he lies . You think I 'm lying ? You think I 'd lie to you ? I think you 'd do anything to protect this company and its precious C.E.O. - You 're totally gay for this place . - Well , I am not lying . And I don 't think the company did anything wrong , so if that makes me gay , then I 'm gay . Oh , settle down . Linda 's claim that she had warned me and the C.E.O. about the faulty perfume ... made things pretty frosty between us . Hello , person who thinks I 'm incompetent . Hello , person who thinks I 'm lying . I 'm incompetent and a liar . I don 't get a hello ? And Linda 's statement didn 'tjust affect the two of us . It sent shock waves through the whole company . Our legal department was working around the clock ... looking for a defense strategy . And our executives were working equally hard to find a scapegoat . But it wasn 'tjust Linda 's deposition that was causing fallout . You went to the University of Aruba ? Where knowledge is king and clothing is optional . You lied to me . You said you went to M.I.T. like I did . We even did the school beaver dance together , remember ? Now it just seems stupid . My God . What else have you been lying to me about ? How can I trust you now ? I bet you weren 't even rescued in Montana by Harrison Ford . No , that is true ! I swear ! I woke up next to a campfire with Indiana Jones making me bacon . Look , I 'm sorry . I should 've been honest with you . But I had just started working here ... and I was afraid I 'd get fired if anyone found out I lied . I know it was wrong , but it was so long ago . Too bad your first day of work had to be during ' 60s week . So I heard you went to M.I.T. Me too . Really ? Guess I should 've figured I 'd run into another M.I.T. grad ... out here in the world of science . Now that we both went there , let 's promise never to talk about it again . Are you kidding ? That 's all we 're gonna talk about . M.I.T. was the best . The academic clubs , the dorms , the guys , the girl . You lied , Phil . And you know what we do with liars at M.I. T ? No , you don 't . The company needs to protect its image ... and we have a very interesting offer for you . Phil and Lem 's trust had been shattered ... but the company hadn 't given up on trying to restore the public 's trust . They want me to be the scapegoat ? We can 't let the C.E.O. take the blame , and you 're the one who blabbed . But I 'm the only one who did the right thing . Well , you know what we call that - irony . Now , here 's how it 's going to work . You say you knew the product was faulty , but you didn 't tell anyone . And you made up that story about the e-mail because you have a drug problem . I don 't have a drug problem . I haven 't taken drugs since - Well , you don 't need to know the last time I got high . The point is , I don 't have a drug problem . But you don 't need one . That 's the beauty of this plan . Linda , why can 't you ever trust the company ? They know what they 're doing . They 've done it before . It is all my fault . I knew there was a problem with the pasta sauce , but I did not notify my superiors ... because , well , I 'm a drug addict . My goodness , how I love the drugs . I will take them in my house , I will take them with a mouse - With a mouse , people . Now , that 's rock bottom . This way , the company is protected . - And if you agree to this , you 'll be handsomely rewarded . - Didn 't do it . You 'll be sent to the most beautiful rehab facility in the country . - Didn 't do it . - You 'll get to meet movie stars , rock stars ... and people famous just for going in and out of rehab . - Didn 't do it . - And when you get back , your job will be waiting for you . Because you have a disease , Linda , a disease that makes you look weak and dirty ... and us , compassionate and forgiving . It 's a win-win . How is that a win for me ? - Shut up , junkie . - Oh . It wasn 't surprising the company wanted Linda to be its scapegoat . The surprising thing was - You accepted their offer ? You 're gonna say it 's all your fault ? Yes . I 'm gonna take the fall and land in a giant pile of money . You 're not a drug addict . I 've seen what you make . You can 't afford to be a drug addict . - Well , that 's all about to change . - Linda , why are you doing this ? Look at this place , Ted . They freeze an employee , they weaponize pumpkins . They took an innocent panda and turned it into an assassin . When you work at a place like this , you try to find one person you can trust . One person who sees things the way you do and knows right from wrong . I thought I 'd found him . But he sold his soul to the company , so why shouldn 't I ? I swear to God I didn 't get the e-mail ! The company 's scheduled a press conference . As Linda 's supervisor , would you be comfortable saying you caught her trying to sell the copier ? She says she 's okay with it . No . I am not gonna say that . Why must you always fight me ? What are you doing anyway ? I 'm looking for a record of Linda 's e-mail . She said she sent it May 5 . May 5 , May 35 . What 's the difference ? Let it go . Let her take the deal and make some money . Don 't you see what 's happening ? We are taking the only person here who has never compromised her ideals ... and turning her into an ideal compromiser . And I don 't mean an ideal compromiser , one who all the other compromisers look up to . I understand context , Ted . She was our conscience . So now what are we gonna do ? Gosh , you 're right . How will we ever make the Fortune 500 list of the most moral companies ? Oh , wait . They don 't have that . - Morning , Lem . - Philip . So , I 've been thinking about our past ... and how I chummed the waters of our friendship with fish guts of dishonesty . And I 've been thinking about how the shark of my loyalty ... gorged on the deceitful entrails of your bloody lies . So we both saw that shark special last night . Wasn 't it great ? I was struck by their capacity for forgiveness ... their cold , black eyes so full of compassion . It 's like they can feel it - What you are watching is two scientists in their natural habitat ... awkwardly circling each other as they attempt to repair their battered friendship . This ritual allows Phil and Lem to confront and resolve their problems ... while staying within the safe confines of marine biology . And that is why the otter will always be thejester of the sea . Agreed . I forgive you . Thanks , Lem . I just wish I could forgive myself ... for lying to my closest friend for the past 10 years . Here . Maybe these 'll help . Look through my glasses . Look through my lying glasses . These aren 't prescription . These are just clear glass . When I first started working here , I thought they 'd make me look smarter . For the last 10 years , I 've been lying to you too . Wow . I always assumed you had poor eyesight . You know , because you wore glasses . - I had a feeling that 's what people were thinking . - Mmm . Just glad I don 't have to wear these anymore . I still look smart without them , right ? Phil ? Hmm . Okay . Before you sign , let me go over the conditions with you once more . We 've been through it three times , Veronica . I 'm a scapegoat , not an actual goat . Linda , wait ! I have to show you something . Go ahead , AngelJunk . That 's the street name we 're giving you in the press release . Look . This explains everything . Whoa , Ted ! I know how babies are made . And I am so not in the mood for porn right now . - Wait . Let me zoom in . - Yeah , that 's gonna help . Oh , my God . Is that you and Veronica ? Ew , gross . Why are you showing me this ? What the hell is wrong with you ? Just look at the date . It 's May 5 . This is right after we talked about the perfume . This is what I was doing . I didn 't want to tell you before because I didn 't think it was relevant . But keep watching . - No ! - You have new mail . Did you say something ? No . The orientation 's over . You 're on your own now . Now look at the computer . There 's your e-mail arriving . Veronica deleted it . She kicked the keyboard while she was having her second - All right , Ted . I get it . You 're a stud . So this is why you didn 't see my e-mail . - You were telling the truth . - We both were . - I 'm sorry I doubted you . - Yeah . What was with that ? - Hey , you 're the one that called me a liar . - Yeah , well - I 'm sure you 've lied to someone about something , so I 'm just gonna call it even . Wow . You should have a license for that thing . That 's it for me . You taped us having sex . You 're kinkier than I thought you were . You have no idea . But I didn 't tape us . I confiscated this a few months ago from Dewey the security guard . He had dozens of employee sex tapes like that . Dewey ? Damn . That 's the first person I 've ever met named Dewey I thought was normal . The quest continues . Anyway , when you mentioned Linda sent the e-mail on May 5 ... there was something about that date that rang a bell . And then I remembered that was the date on our tape , since I 've watched it several times . You 've watched it several times ? If you don 't study your performance , how do you expect to keep your edge ? Well , I don 't really look at it as a competition . But whatever gets you there . It was nice you did this for Linda . Well , her heart wasn 't really in being the scapegoat . It just made more sense to give it to someone who 's gonna take the ball and run with it . I , AngelJunk ... am responsible for the hornets ... the perfume , you name it . It was the drugs again . What can I say ? I am weak . I will do them on a train . - I will do them in the rain . - In the rain , people . Now , that 's messed up . English - US - SDH
