 [ man ] This is Jonathan Mostow , and in this audio track , I 'm going to take you behind the scenes of Surrogates , and try to give you some insight into the making of the movie . Surrogates is an adaptation of a graphic novel , and it was my first adaptation that I 'd ever worked on . This story presented some interesting challenges . The idea of these robotic surrogates , which was in the graphic novel , was a terrific idea and the basis for making the movie . The core narrative of the graphic novel is a film noir detective story , which is what we obviously have in our film . However , in the graphic novel , every 20 pages or so there was this interstitial section of pages that had nothing to do with the plot , but filled you in on the world of the movie . " How did surrogates come to be ? How did it change society ? " It was newspaper clippings , help wanted ads ... All sorts of interesting material . It was really quite fascinating . And the challenge was , " Well , how do we integrate that into a movie ? " Because , in a movie , you can 't stop the story to suddenly fill the audience in on exposition . So , we had only one place that we could try to explain the world of the movie , explain the timeline when this was happening , how it came to be . And that was this opening title sequence , which runs about three and a half minutes , and gives you the evolution of surrogacy . And , very importantly , tells you when the story is happening . We made a decision , early in pre-production , that rather than try to set this movie in the distant future , which is what the graphic novel was , we would set this in something that looked exactly like present day . We weren 't going to worry about having to show flying cars and all the things that are , generally speaking , in futuristic movies . But as I began to look at a lot of futuristic movies , realized , ultimately , these things become distracting from what the core idea of the story is . So I made a decision that we 'd set this movie in what looks like present day in this case , Boston is where we set the story . The only difference is is that the world is populated with these robotic surrogates . So , you can either watch this movie and interpret that this is occurring in an alternate reality to our own , or that this is occurring in the very near future . But , in either case , we consciously tried to avoid distracting the audience with thoughts of : " What do cell phones look like ? What do cars look like ? " All the issues that arise when you try to set a movie in the " future . " One of the other important points to establish in this opening montage is that there is a dissident faction in the world of our story . People that oppose the use of surrogates . They 're led by this character of The Prophet , played by Ving Rhames . Whether or not you completely get that in this opening title sequence wasn 't essential . We figured audience members that paid attention and remembered , the idea would land . Otherwise , if you didn 't realize this connection you 'd be OK , you 'd pick it up in the course of the movie . We figured it was important enough to get in here since Ving 's character doesn 't show up until halfway through the film . This first sequence was shot at night in Boston . We chose Boston for two reasons . First , it had a very good tax incentive . Which meant that we could stretch our production dollars further . Put more money in the screen . And second , we liked the look of it for this film . Boston is an interesting mix of contemporary architecture with classic buildings that date back to the time of George Washington . That mixture is very unique in American architecture , in American cities , and we felt lended itself well to the sort of timeless quality we were looking for here . Interesting thing about Surrogates , is that it has a lot of visual effects . This has more visual effects than any movie I 've worked on . There 's over 800 visual effects shots . But most of the visual effects in this movie are people . So you will notice the surrogate characters tend not to have facial blemishes . You won 't see acne or zits on these people because they 've been digitally removed . Where there 's bags under the eyes , or wrinkles , again , we tried to address these as much as we could with visual effects , to create the illusion that these actors are all robots . This actor here , playing the character of the assassin , his name 's Strickland , played by a wonderful actor , Jack Noseworthy , that 's been in all my films , he 's like my good luck charm . I always try to find a role for Jack . He 's a great actor and you 'll see he does a great job in this film . This sequence was shot in an old hydroelectric plant in Boston . We converted it to look like a nightclub for the purpose of our film . Again , it was the idea of mixing old classic structures in a movie that is set in the future . I want to talk about the narrative structure of this movie . We explored a lot of different ideas about how to adapt the graphic novel . Ultimately , we chose to go with the story that was in the graphic novel , a film noir detective investigation . The reason being , that it gave us an excuse to be able to explore a lot of different aspects of this world . The interesting thing about this story is the premise . The idea that most people would stay at home and live their lives vicariously through these remote operated robots . So the advantage of having a detective character as your protagonist is that he can go to different places , like the military and the company that invented it and all these different things . And we felt that was , in fact , the most effective way to explore this world . And so that 's why we begin this movie with what is the traditional form . Which is , you see the crime , and now here we are meeting the investigators . Which , in this case , is Bruce Willis and his partner , Radha Mitchell . One of the things we did in this film was try to not over-explain things . After we start with the opening credit sequence , which , of course , is all about exposition , we then decided to take the attitude that the audience is smart . And so , for example , you see that severed surrogate underneath the car when it 's picked up . Or here , Bruce opens the back of the guy 's head , there 's a panel and a chip comes out . We just don 't spend a lot of time explaining this stuff . We figure the audience is smart enough , at this point , they 've seen the opening , they 're going to understand what 's going on . Even if they don 't completely understand , they 'll get enough of a sense of it . They 'd rather have it be that way , then a stop to overly explain what all this gadgetry is . [ Greer ] What do you got on the girl ? [ Mostow ] This is our first good look at Bruce Willis in the film . If you 've seen the film , you know that Bruce has two looks in this movie . He has his surrogate self and his real self . And the question we faced was how to differentiate those two looks . We even , early on , talked about : Do we have two different actors ? I decided it really ought to be the same actor , just how can we have two visual approaches to it ? So , for the surrogate Bruce , we obviously put a wig on him . And then we digitally made his face look younger . It wasn 't even a question of removing lines in his face , it was actually restructuring his face , somewhat , to make him look a good ten to 15 years younger than he is . The good thing about Bruce is he already is in really good shape . So for the real Bruce then , it was a question of aging him up a little bit . Making the lines in his face more pronounced , making him feel like he had more mileage on him as a character . [ woman ] Cam ? [ Mostow ] This location was a real apartment in Boston . And the challenge in shooting this sequence was simply not disturbing the other tenants of the building . It 's a challenging thing when you have 150 , 200 crew people it 's the middle of the night , people are walking with walkie-talkies and bullhorns and giant trucks . You want to be very conscientious of the fact that everybody else in the building is sleeping . And nobody else in the building is benefiting from the movie being there . The people who own the apartment are getting a location fee , for everybody else , it 's pretty much a massive hassle . If you haven 't noticed , I 'll draw your attention to the fact that we use a lot of very wide angle lenses in this film . In an age where it 's become en vogue to shoot with handheld shaky cam , I made a conscious decision in the style of this film to go with a very early 1960 's look . Perhaps influenced by the recent passing of one of my filmmaking heroes , John Frankenheimer , who did really interesting movies , The Manchurian Candidate , Seconds , where he made extensive use of not only various wide angle lenses , but also something called the slant lens . Slant lens is a lens where the glass element in the barrel of the lens can be rotated so that you can change the plane of focus . Without getting too technical , what that means is there 's a number of shots in this film where we have things that would be impossible to hold in focus and film . There 'd be something very close to the camera that 's sharp in focus , then something in the background that 's also sharp and in focus . And it just helps give the movie an arresting look . Like , for example , this is a very wide lens used for this shot . And then next thing we cut to this extreme close up of the water pouring out of the bottle . And it sets up a rhythm that 's just somewhat unnerving . Hopefully . At least , that 's the intention . It 's all subliminal , it 's all subconscious , but it 's all designed to make you feel a little bit uneasy . There 's something peculiar going on here . This is not normal . And I wanted the audience to have that slightly uneasy feeling watching the film . So , an example , a shot like this , again , we have extreme foreground elements , and yet your attention is also directed on something in the deep background . I 've just always liked that look and had never done it before . I experimented with it a year previous in a television pilot that I shot . We actually went to Panavision and dug out lenses that hadn 't been used since the 1960s . We used some of the same lenses on this movie , as well . It was fun for the crew , for my cinematographer , Oliver Wood , because people don 't use these lenses anymore . They 're not in fashion . But I think they help give this film its unique look . In terms of the lighting of the movie , the number one thing was to make sure that the surrogate characters looked spectacular . That meant that , generally speaking , were lighting the movie as if everybody in the movie was an aging movie queen , like Greta Garbo in her later years , perhaps . So we had to get the more stylized look of the movie later in post-production , in terms of digitally manipulating each of these shots to give them more contrast more of a dynamic , cinematic look to them . Because in the actual photography the important thing was making sure people were lit so that they didn 't have lines , wrinkles or unflattering shadows . Bruce 's apartment was a set that we built . Everything . Bedrooms , living room , even the hallway he walks down outside the apartment . That was all a set built in a warehouse in Massachusetts . And that afforded us the kind of flexibility of filming that you don 't have when you 're filming in a practical location . Rosamund Pike , who plays Maggie , Bruce 's wife in the movie , is just a dynamite actress . She played this character ... She modeled it on an airline stewardess from the 1960s , like a Pan Am or TWA stewardess . Just totally fluid movements , even her voice has this wonderful , smooth quality . And it gives her just that level of unreality that helps sell the idea that she 's a surrogate . You and me , going away someplace together . [ Mostow ] One of the things I instructed the actors in this movie is never to play it like they 're a robot . Having made a robot movie previous to this one , I learned that if you try to act like a robot , it 's fake . The key to playing a robot is erasing all traces of human behavior . Everybody is A-symmetric . Not only in their behavior , even in their appearance . And so we made sure that anyone playing a surrogate didn 't have facial tics , didn 't have movements that felt too human . We even hired a mind coach to help work with myself and the actors to give training in certain movement techniques that the actors could use that , again , were very subtle , but helped differentiate between robot and human . This shot here of the campus is a little inside Hollywood joke . That 's not a campus , that 's actually the grounds of Paramount Studios . Which , funnily enough , looks more like a college campus than anything in Los Angeles . The stim chair that this victim is sitting in was the subject of a lot of discussion and thought . It 's a key thing in the movie . It 's what everybody spends their time in . And it 's actually , essentially , a massage chair that we purchased and retrofitted to have these laser , mind-reading devices on it . So , the idea was I wanted something that looked like it would be comfortable for people to sit in . And yet , you could credibly believe is got the technology to be both reading and transmitting their mental activity . The design of the headset that the operators use was another thing that had a lot of thought go into it . I made the decision that it would be kind of goofy when we cut to people in their stim chairs if you could see their eyes , even if their eyes were closed . So we designed the headsets so that it hides the eyes . It just helps keep the illusion as believable as possible that these people are actually doing something active when they 're lying immobile in their stim chairs . Exactly . [ Mostow ] I 'll point out the production design in this scene makes tremendous use of vertical and horizontal elements . You got all these vertical blinds , you 've got all the struts across . This is why we picked this location . We really like the tiling on the walls and the ceiling . And then we brought in all these other elements , the cubicles , to further enhance that idea . So you 'll notice not only are we using these very wide lenses , but we 're also dutching the camera . In fact , there 's very little in this movie that has an even horizon across the top of the frame . Almost every shot in this film is dutched . ... was found dead in his southern California dormitory this morning . [ Mostow ] This news piece , and there 's another that comes later in the movie , these were added later in post-production to help clarify some story points . We actually went out and hired a real newscaster . The gentleman there is Kirk Hawkins . He 's a newscaster at CBS here in Los Angeles . And I find that actors can never really do newscasters just as well as real newscasters were . So , thankfully , Kirk was willing to to help us out . This location is a real mansion right in downtown Boston , it dates back to the middle of the 19th century . You 'll notice a bunch of satellite dishes on the roof in the establishing shot . Those were added by us in post-production . Those are all fake computer-generated elements . Everything else here is real . I loved the detail of the ornate wood moldings and panelings . I really liked the ceilings , you 'll see in this sequence and in the next sequence I try to show the ceiling as much as I can . Great production value . You don 't get those kinds of ceilings anymore in modern architecture . I also like the idea of putting a classic location like this that , frankly , you could only find in a city like Boston , in a movie with a futuristic premise . I mean , here 's a guy , that we 're meeting here , played by a wonderful actor , James Ginty , who 's playing the surrogate robot of what 's going to turn out to be the bad guy in the movie . And yet , he lives in this opulent , 19th century palace . I just found that was a very interesting juxtaposition . A surrie has to be coded to your neural signature . I 'm not exactly your average VSI consumer . [ Mostow ] This is a scene that we wrestled with a lot in terms of the visual effects . One of the things that I learned doing this movie is that you have to be very careful when you change people 's faces . Particularly with somebody like Bruce Willis , who we all know . I mean , if you live on this planet , then you know what Bruce Willis looks like , it 's a very recognizable face . So we had to be very careful as to how far we went in digitally altering it for the purpose of making him look like the idealized version of himself as a surrogate robot . And we found that , at one point , we 'd gone kind of too far and it was distracting , it was bumping the audience out of the movie . So we had to go back into these shots and back off of that effect somewhat . And , hopefully , we found the right middle ground for it . - No . - Or yourself ? [ Mostow ] So the idea in this scene is that this character of Canter 's surrogate , is actually being operated by the real Canter , who is played by James Cromwell . And he 's in a different location . Now , there was nothing at this location in Boston that felt appropriate , so we built what we called " Canter 's Lair , " the place that he actually operates from , on our soundstage , next to where we had the apartment set for Bruce and his wife . And that 's where this sequence is filmed . James Cromwell is just such a wonderful actor . Just world class . I was so thrilled that we could get him . And I think it works because James Cromwell has some similar facial features and attributes as James Ginty . So , although generally my rule in the movie was that people should play their own surrogates , in this case , because of the great age disparity between the two characters , it made sense to have it played by two different actors . About two-thirds of this movie is shot on location in Boston . This location was a biotech company in Cambridge , Massachusetts , right next to MIT . And all these video displays we created ourselves in their lobby . The challenge was , because it 's a very active , busy company , we were only able to get access to it on one day , which was a Sunday , when they were willing to close it down for us . These are always nerve-wracking shoots because we had a lot of material to cover . We had this whole scene . We had the scene where they enter , the scene where they take down the elevator . And all of it had to be done within the course of one day because there was no going back . Whenever you 're shooting scenes like this , as a filmmaker , it 's always ... you 're looking at your watch because you understand if you don 't get it , it 's not gonna be in the movie . What do the operators say ? Not much . They 're dead . [ Mostow ] Again I direct your attention to the compositions here . Very unusual to place actors this close to the lens , particularly with wide angle lenses . Again , it 's one of the things that helps give this movie its look . ... even blown to bits without the least bit of harm to their operators . [ Mostow ] At this point , we 're about midway through what I call the " investigative " portion of the movie . Primarily , the first act is about Bruce 's surrogate conducting this investigation . And from a storytelling point of view , the challenge here is that the audience isn 't fully able to connect emotionally with this surrogate character . They can connect emotionally to the real Bruce , the bald guy in the chair at home . But there 's something sort of artificial that doesn 't completely let you in with this surrogate . And , as we were editing the movie , we realized we had to just accelerate through these beats as much as we could to get to the meat of the story . The meat of the story is once he loses his surrogate and the real Greer goes out in the world , that 's really when the emotional journey of his character kicks in to high gear . All this stuff was procedural investigative stuff that was necessary for laying the groundwork of the plot . But we were always conscious of the fact that we might emotionally lose the audience if we just didn 't keep this moving fast enough . The problem is if you try to cut too deeply into it then you also lose the audience because there 's nothing for them to sink their teeth into . You have to find that middle ground where you 're keeping the story moving along as fast as you can , but not so fast that the audience can 't stay engaged with it . Mind if we take a look at them ? [ Mostow ] This actor here was not this tall . For all his scenes he walked on ramps that we built that are just below frame . So that he would tower over the other actors . The big shot of the factory , that 's all digital . Basically , all we actually shot was the actors on a balcony , in front of a large green screen . Then everything else was created digitally by a very brilliant , Academy Award winning visual effects team , headed by Mark Stetson . And those scenes are always fun to do because you get to create it all in post . The only limit is how much money you have available to spend in the shop . The idea behind these generic soldiers was that they didn 't need to talk . They needed minimal , if any , facial features . So they almost have this mannequin-like appearance . All they basically have to do is run around and do what soldiers do . Of course they 're operated by these pimply-faced teenagers back at the home base . Yes , sir . [ Mostow ] This is a wonderful actor named Michael Cudlitz , who plays the colonel and makes an appearance again later in the movie . This location that was the base where they were working is actually an abandoned manufacturing plant , right in the Boston suburbs . What 's interesting about this location was that there was another movie shooting here at the same time . It was such a big facility . The Massachusetts tax incentive was so attractive , that at the time we shot this movie , I think there were more movies shooting in Massachusetts than in Hollywood . You 'd run across other movies and be bumping into them at the same locations . This being one of them . All these stim chairs you see here with monitors , those were added digitally later in post-production . The space we shot in was , in fact , just a big , empty warehouse . Miles Strickland . Meatbag . I did a run on criminal records for Moto Guzzi drivers in black Arai helmets , and guess what I found ? [ Mostow ] This scene here represents the last of the investigative beats in the first act of the story . And I knew that if we could keep the audience engaged up to this point in the movie , then we would be in a pretty good place . Because from this point forward we get into the pursuit of the bad guy , and there 's a whole action sequence , and then we get into the emotional story of real Bruce going out into the real world . We probably spent as much time editing everything you 've seen up to this point in the movie , as we did everything that follows . Because , again , the trick was how to condense that first act into something that had movement and pace in a way that kept you engaged . And I go back to this theory I have which is that knowing that you 're watching a robot in the form of Bruce , because you 've seen the real Bruce at home , seeing this guy , you couldn 't identify with him emotionally as much as you could with the real Greer . So I was , frankly , kind of relieved once we could get to the point in the story where we were able to have his surrogate be destroyed . Because then you 're left with a real character with a full set of emotions and expressiveness . And you could really engage with him . And that 's , frankly , what Bruce does best . Bruce is great at playing that everyman character . When you do a movie like this you 're always looking for how to inject some moments of levity in , without stopping the story for seemingly what 's clearly just a joke for joke purposes . And we were really lucky to find this wonderful actor , Devin Ratray who you may recognize from the Home Alone movies . He 's a terrific comedic actor . And he brought some much needed , not only levity , but also human quality into the movie , uh , as a guy who works in the surrogate world , but has decided that there 's no surrogate that 's good enough for him . He just helps give a whole energy lift to this sequence that really helps sell a lot of exposition . Because we are selling a tremendous amount of exposition here , but it 's so entertaining 'cause it 's coming from this guy . - [ laughing ] - [ Bobby ] Boom . [ Mostow ] If you notice , there 's hundreds of monitors in this set . And every monitor is fed with footage that we had to create . It was all point of view footage that 's from the surrogates . Theoretically , we 're tapping into the communications between all these surrogates and their operators back in their homes . So it 's sort of , I guess , a commentary , I suppose , on wire tapping . [ police radio chatter ] [ sirens wailing ] [ Mostow ] So here we are with our first big action sequence in the film . Because all my films have big action sequences in them , I think people assume that I put them in on purpose . That I just think about " Where can I stick in a good action sequence ? " And , at least for me , it doesn 't work like that . I 've never gone to see a movie because somebody said , " Go see this movie because it 's got a big action sequence . " I go to see movies like everybody else , because I 'm interested in the story and the characters . And it just so happens in my films that it often is required that there is a sequence with a lot of action in it that helps , and is needed , to tell the story . So I view this sequence as simply advancing the story . Now , from an audience experiential standpoint , it does help to have a big , loud , noisy , action-filled sequence because it injects energy . And I view a movie as a hour and a half , or two hour dream experience for the audience . And it 's got to have its highs and its lows . Its big moments and its small moments . It 's like a piece of music , like a piece of orchestral music . It 's something in sound called " dynamic range . " Where you measure the loudest points , the quiet points . I believe in filmmaking when you have big action moments it helps makes the small moments actually have even more impact because the audience is really focused on it . There might have been a way to do this sequence with less adrenaline , but if we 're going to do an action sequence , my attitude is it ought to have the most amount of adrenaline possible . This is a good example of combining practical , on location stunt work with digital effects . Those shots of the helicopter are digital . That helicopter didn 't exist . We shot the shot going over the building and added the helicopter later . I really like the way that this intercuts between Bruce in his chair and Bruce as the robot . The way that he blinks awake . Just a little thing like that that an actor does helps sell the illusion that ... there 's a guy at home controlling him . Again , going to this question of what 's real , what 's digital , some of the shots of the helicopter skidding , that 's a real helicopter , other shots are digital . The fire on Bruce is digital . The liquid coming out of his arm , that 's digital . The fire behind him , that wasn 't really there . There was a small fire , but we amplified it digitally . A lot of the smoke , that 's real . So , when you make a film , every shot you have to know in advance . What are you going to film on the day , what props do you have to have there , what special effects do you have to have there . And then , what things will be done later in the computer . Literally , every one of these shots requires its own meeting . Its own pre-production planning . It 's why these sequences wind up costing so much money . Because there 's so much planning and technical work that goes into them . And then , of course , the most important thing with stunts is safety . [ man ] It 's a machine ! [ Mostow ] The safety of the performers and the crew is your number one concern above anything else . So that often adds to the expense . Because it 's easy and cheap to blow something up , not so easy and not so cheap if you want to do it in a way that wouldn 't possibly cause harm to anybody . We went back and added this piece of Strickland not being able to operate the OD because we don 't want anybody thinking in the sequence , " Why doesn 't he shoot him with the device ? " We wanted to make very clear that the device wasn 't operational . When we were designing this sequence the question came up , exactly how super-powered is Bruce 's surrogate ? Is he able to jump ten feet , 20 feet , 50 feet ? And so we worked to find a level that was super human , but , I 'd say , not super hero . I never wanted it to stop feeling real . I just wanted it to feel like this is a super high functioning machine . It can obviously take a lot of damage . That shot 's one of my favorite stunts in the movie . But all these stunts had to exist within some range of credibility . It had to be big enough to be spectacular , but not so big that it felt like it was suddenly out of a different movie . It was breaking the " rules " of our world . I ain 't done nothing ! [ Mostow ] I remember this so well , this was right before the July 4th holiday . A massive , massive storm was coming in . I think it was one of the record storms of the decade . And , literally , the edge of the rainfall was probably a mile and a half away at this point . And we were desperately trying to get this in the can before the storm hit . And then we were all going to disperse for the long holiday weekend . No chance of coming back and we didn 't know what damage the set would sustain . And so much of this stuff was done in one or two takes . We were scrambling like hell to get it done . Oh , God . [ Mostow ] As it is , this low angle shot of the woman with the shotgun , we didn 't get to that , we had to shoot it months later in a soundstage against green screen . So , here we are , 35 minutes into the movie . Now we are fully with the real Greer character . The surrogate has been destroyed , and from this point to the end of the story , becomes much more about Bruce 's emotional journey . And that was really , as I 've said before , our challenge , from an editing and filmmaking point , was to keep the first act of the movie something the audience could stay engaged with though they 've gotten very little of the Bruce Willis character so far . In the first 35 minutes , you only had a few minutes with his real character . That 's pretty unusual for a movie . And although Bruce has been onscreen as a surrogate , as I 've said , I don 't think it 's quite the same . I don 't think there 's that audience-actor connection in quite the same way as there is with his real self . That 's one of the things that was probably the biggest storytelling challenge for us . To keep the audience in a movie where they haven 't had a chance to fully connect with their star . There 's a reason that there are movie stars . There are movie stars because they are people who , for whatever reason , the audience connects to . And Bruce has many gifts on that level . And yet , it 's not until this point in the story that we 're letting the audience plug into him in that manner . This scene presents one of the other big storytelling challenges in the movie , which is the character , The Prophet , who 's a key character in the movie , doesn 't have his first scene until we 're into the second act . We 're now 37 minutes into the movie , and this is Ving Rhames first real scene . So , from a storytelling point of view , we 're breaking a lot of the rules . We knew that going in . And that , I think , was one of the creative risks we took in this story construction . Which is , number one , you 're holding back the real Bruce Willis until the second act . And you 're also not really introducing one of your key bad guys , so to speak , until the beginning of the second act . That 's pretty unusual . ... crash landing inside Boston 's Dread Reservation . [ Mostow ] Here 's one of these other news pieces we created , after the fact , just to hammer home some of these story points . And to further help bulk up the character of The Prophet . It 's very important that you understand that The Prophet is very anti-surrogacy . That 's the purpose of this little sound bite . [ The Prophet ] We did not throw the first stone , but we will throw the last . [ Mostow ] This hospital room , actually , was my office on location . At a certain point we just ran out of space . I had to give up my office so we could turn it into the hospital room set . One of the things that I will point out in this scene that 's interesting is they used that slant lens I mentioned . There 's quite a bit of use of it in this scene . All these shots , for example , shoot across Bruce to the other actor in the scene . You 'll notice he 's right next to the lens , he 's razor sharp . And , like the shot here , so is his wife . Hi . Oh , my gosh . [ Mostow ] So this little moment that 's occurred between Bruce and his wife is getting at this issue that there 's an elephant in the room as regards to their relationship . They 've had personal tragedy , they 've lost a child . And it 's not something that they can talk about . It goes to the core of Bruce 's character , which , he 's this guy in this existential dilemma that he doesn 't even understand himself . He 's vaguely dissatisfied with his life , he can 't connect with his wife , and yet he doesn 't know what to do about it . He uses this technology of surrogacy and yet , he understands , on some level , that it 's bankrupting him . And bankrupting his relationship with his wife . What 's going to happen now , in the rest of the movie , is he 's going to get more and more of an understanding of that . He killed five cops , Andy . [ Mostow ] At this point , his primary concern is trying to follow through with the case . But as he does so , he 's going to make discoveries about what he thinks about technology . I think that gets to something that is universally relevant for all of us . I think that we all have some generalized anxiety about the role of technology in our lives . We 're consumed by it . We love it , we use it . We understand at some level , probably , it 's costing us something , but we can 't articulate for ourselves what that is . I think that 's really the theme of this movie . Which is , what is the price we pay for immersing ourselves in all this technology ? How do we retain our humanity in this world that just is increasingly , relentlessly technological ? How long has it been since you 've been out without a surrie ? I can 't even remember . [ Mostow ] One of the real challenges we had in this movie was casting it with actors that looked like they could be surrogate robots . If the idea is that people , generally speaking , choose an idealized form of themselves to be their surrogate robot , it means you need a cast of actors and extras that look like underwear models . And , you know ... What I discovered is , although the impression is Hollywood is teeming with these people , the fact is it 's not really so much like that . Especially when you take the smaller subset of people that are good actors . So we had to fly our extras in from all over the country because we were shooting in Boston . We had extras flown in from Las Vegas , Miami , Philadelphia and Los Angeles . No knock on Boston , but we couldn 't find enough extras who fit the bill in New England . This scene is an important turn for Bruce 's character , because it 's the first time he 's pushing back against surrogacy . He can 't articulate for himself why it feels wrong , but something to him just feels wrong about it . It 's where he makes the decision to get up out of the chair and he leaves . And he can 't even explain why . But something doesn 't feel right to him , he can 't go back to using a surrogate . [ man ] No charge on the improvements . [ Mostow ] This actor , Trevor Donovan , who plays the robot , wonderful actor . Very tricky to play a robot . He had to erase all human aspects of himself . And play it with a certain stillness that felt convincing . These extras , one of the things that makes them feel like robots , is we digitally stabilized them , we had them hold as still as possible , but we went one step further and digitally stabilized them , gives them an unreal look that really helps for us . [ Peters ] Stone is going to run things his way . And as far as we 're concerned , it 's over . [ Mostow ] You can see here Bruce is starting to play the growing angst in his character . He 's trying to do his job , he 's trying to follow the case , but you can see that there 's some kind of inner turmoil going on with him . And it 's building . The concept of these reservations , these areas inside cities that are kind of walled-off oases of non-surrogate life , was a concept from the graphic novel that we all liked and wanted to keep in the movie . The challenge was , " How do we represent this visually ? " It 's got a border to it and then it 's got this outer perimeter zone that looks almost like a war zone . And then it has to have , deeper inside , an aspect to it that feels appealing . You can understand why there are people who 'd be attracted to this way of life . There was no one location that could represent all this , so this was all comprised of many different locations throughout the Boston area . The " border crossing , " as we call it , that was in ... a city called Lynn . The area where he walks past that crucifix with his surrogate strung up to it , that was in an old abandoned manufacturing plant . A 20 acre site that we took over . And then this area here , which is the inner core of the reservation , it 's almost like a communal life going on . That was in an area called Taunton , which is about an hour drive from Boston . And we had to create the idea these places were all ... it was all one place . And that is part of the trickery of filmmaking and editing . [ The Prophet ] Here , inside these walls , we understand the truth . [ boy ] Sorry . [ Mostow ] These are the first kids we see in the movie , outside of that commercial for child surrogates . It 's a conscious attempt to avoid showing children in the movie , until this moment . Of course , this moment connects emotionally with the moment early in the movie where he goes in his dead kid 's room , sees the baseball glove . No dialogue required , the audience gets it . That 's a testament to Bruce 's performance here . [ The Prophet ] Soon the day will come when surrogacy must end . That day , I promise you , is close at hand . [ Mostow ] One of the interesting aspects of this movie is that a lot of it is very realistic , in recognizable characters , recognizable situations , and then you have this character , The Prophet , an invention from the graphic novel . It 's a very theatrical character . There 's no counterpoint in real life that you can point to . So it has to integrate into the story , you have to believe that this character exists , that he 's the spiritual leader of these people . He 's part guru , part political leader , part revolutionary . And so what we did was simply borrow elements from all those things . There are visual cues that shortcut you to understanding , on an intuitive level , who this guy is . [ grunting ] [ The Prophet ] Enough . [ Mostow ] The dreadlocks , the shirt , the necklace . And then , frankly , it 's the way that Ving plays it . Ving plays it in appropriately a theatrical manner , and I say that in a good way . He had a weapon . A very dangerous weapon . [ Mostow ] Ving was very interested in what he was saying . He and I spent a lot of time working on his dialogue , in his big speech and this scene as well . Ving is a Juilliard-trained actor . A very serious actor . We had a lot of interesting and productive conversations about the script and his character . There 's a poetic majesty that Ving understood he had to bring to this guy , because the guy is both sleazy and slimy . Clearly something is off about him . And yet , he has to be a guy you believe that people are going to follow . People are going to look to as some quasi-social , religious leader . It 's a fine line to walk between those two things , and I think Ving did a great job of it . On a movie fan note , it was fun because it was the first time Ving and Bruce were working together since they did Pulp Fiction . Which was about 14 years earlier . Agent Greer . May I offer you a ride ? [ Mostow ] This scene was very interesting because there 's so few children in the movie , and here we have this child robot . Very hard to find an actor to play this . I was lucky to find this actor , Cody Christian , who is terrific in this role . Long enough to know you 're getting nowhere solving my son 's murder . You lost a child , Agent Greer . [ Mostow ] He understood that he had to erase those human idiosyncrasies that I 'd spoken about before , that 's really hard for a kid to do . Kids have a lot of extra movements they do that they 're not aware of . And Cody worked really hard at getting himself to be very machine-like , but not in an obvious robot way that somebody might do in a TV sketch . This is very nuanced kind of things that he 's doing . Lived on the res . - He was killed by his own people . - And that 's it ? [ Mostow ] After we shot this scene for the first time , I actually decided to make some changes in it . I went back and Bruce was unavailable to us on the day I had to shoot it , so Cody wound up doing a lot of this scene to empty space . Cody 's side of the scene was shot on a different day than Bruce 's side . And , again , it 's a testament to his acting that he makes you feel like he 's in that car with Bruce . Focus on the weapon , where it came from . [ Mostow ] This Monday Night Football poster behind them , where you see the guy holding the severed head , one of the touches we did in the production design where we don 't stop , we don 't comment on it , it 's just there . We don 't try to explain it , and if you get it while you 're watching , great . If you don 't , it doesn 't take away from the movie , it just helps enrich it if you happen to notice things like that . That was intense . [ Mostow ] This is a scene that we talked a lot about before we shot it . Because we had to calibrate very carefully to put Maggie in a position where she was involved with something that Bruce could look at and decide it was just flat out wrong and inappropriate . And get angry about . But not take her so far that we 'd lose audience sympathy for her . So , here her friends are getting ready to go out for the evening with Maggie , and they 're engaging in this activity , but I kept her off to the side . She 's putting in her earrings or something . She 's not actually doing the activity , per se . Tom . [ Mostow ] These scenes are really the emotional core of the movie . Because the marriage , the relationship between Bruce and Rosamund here , is the heart of the story . His inability to connect with his wife is the thing that 's driving him mad . He 's frustrated , he doesn 't know what to do about it , and it 's interesting 'cause it 's the real him interacting with the surrogate of his wife . His wife is down the hall , but won 't come out of the room . The conversations Bruce and I had about this scene for months before we shot it , was it was really key here that Greer just lose it . This is where he just uncorks . And , again , he 's not consciously aware of what 's bothering him . It 's just the rage . I guess you could say it 's rage against the machine . But it just all comes out . He 's kept it all bottled up and it comes out . He can 't articulate it until this next scene with her where she stops him . She says , " What is it ? What do you want from me ? " In that moment , for the first time , the words come out about what he really wants . He wants ... He wants to connect with her . - What ? - What do you want from me ? [ Mostow ] To me , a scene like this in a movie like this is so key because , first of all , it 's great acting , it 's raw emotion . And it 's just not the kind of scene you expect to see in a movie about robots . You look at the advertising for this movie and it promises you an action-thriller-mystery . And I think the surprise of it is that it has this really powerful , very deep , emotional story at the center of it . Things have changed , Tom . [ Mostow ] At the end of the day , that 's really why we go to the movies . We go to the movies to have truths revealed to us about the human condition . And this scene in particular speaks to that . It speaks to this whole question of what technology is doing to us both as a society , a human society , and an individual , psychological basis . In the case of Maggie , it 's an addiction . Every hour that you spend on the Internet or the email or something , that 's an hour you 're not spending with your family or friends . Or interacting with other people . I think that a thousand years from now , historians will look back at this time we 're living in and see it as a transformative period in the human experience . [ elevator bell dings ] [ Mostow ] Until the last ten years or so we weren 't living with this amount of technology in our lives . And now we 're all totally connected to each other through the Internet in a way we never were before . And yet , you can make the argument we 're more disconnected from each other than ever , because we don 't interact with each other anymore . We do it all vicariously through technology . Whether it be email or Facebook or Twitter , or any of these other technologies that are increasingly ... coming into our lives . I would say the biggest miscalculation that we made with the movie , that we had to go back and fix with some additional shooting , was that we played too many of the plot elements cards down . What I mean by that is we left too much for the audience to try to figure out by the end of the movie . So , for example , we never actually showed Radha Mitchell 's character being murdered . We found out about it later , but we never actually showed it . And we went back and decided to show it . We filmed that shot of the guy coming in and shooting her . And then the subsequent shot where we see the control of the surrogate is transferred . And then we see her wake up . And that tells us very clearly , OK , the real Peters character is no longer operating the surrogate . Somebody else is operating the surrogate . And somebody else pretty nasty . Because they went to the trouble of murdering the real Peters . Wish I could help . This thing killed five cops , one of my men . [ Mostow ] It just changed the complexion of everything that follows . Again , it 's just a bet that we made in the screenplay stage that the audience would enjoy unraveling the puzzle for themselves at the end of the movie . We discovered it was the end of the movie , there was so much going on at such a breakneck pace that the audience didn 't have time to do all that back-thinking , and didn 't want to do that back-thinking . So we had to go back and shoot some additional pieces to keep things a bit more spelled out as the movie progresses . And , again , it 's already a complicated story to begin with , so I don 't think we dumbed it down necessarily , I like to think we just clarified it . VSI . [ Mostow ] That shot there , where he says , " VSI , " for example , that close up we went back and shot months later to clarify VSI 's role in the story . It 's an interesting thing with the film noir genre , in that most film noirs the audience doesn 't really follow what 's going on . They grasp the general basics , but they 're left with 100 questions during and after the movie . The fact of the matter is , if they 're engaged in the bigger picture of it , which is maybe what 's going on personally with the characters , or some bigger issue in the story . They 'll forgive the fact that they don 't completely understand the details . It 's impossible , particularly in a movie like this with a complicated science fiction premise , where you have James Cromwell operating this surrogate , and he 's also operating The Prophet . How does that all work ? It 's OK to not completely understand . What matters more is do you understand that Bruce Willis is trying to reconnect with his wife . Do you understand that The Prophet is , in fact , a fraud being perpetrated by James Cromwell for some other purpose . Do you understand that surrogacy is essentially a metaphor for the digital age that we all live in ? That 's what people are gonna remember from the movie . They 're going to remember Bruce Willis beating up the robot in his living room . They 'll remember that long after they 'll remember these plot elements . That 's not to say we didn 't work as hard to make the plot as clear as it could be , but at some level we have to accept that the film noir structure is always going to leave a lot of unanswered questions . The point is where the priorities of the movie lie , and what satisfaction the audience is really seeking from the story . Have you given them satisfaction on that level ? Hopefully we have . See , I feel like I 'm going crazy . [ Mostow ] Here 's another scene that I 'm proud to have this kind of scene in a action-thriller . It 's a quiet relationship scene between a man and his wife . Or , in this case I should say , a man and his wife 's robot . But , the point is it 's speaking to one of the really big themes in the movie , which is this obsession that we have in western civilization with physical beauty . And how she 's saying she can 't go out of the house unless she looks like this . This is what gives her self confidence to be able to get past her own personal emotional problems and function . So this is no different from any woman saying that she needs makeup and good clothes to be able to leave the house . Otherwise her own sense of self image prevents her from functioning . So I think these are really interesting themes and I 'm very happy that we were able to get to explore them . In the original screenplay we don 't reveal the real Maggie until the very last scene in the movie . After looking at the movie put together , we decided that we would trade that for the value that we 'd get in adding a scene like this . And also the scene where she comes back into her bedroom after the fight in the hallway with him , seven minutes prior to this . And that reminding the audience that there is a real Maggie behind the surrogate robot . And that Maggie is suffering an emotional pain about something . We felt tremendous value in that . We went back and shot those scenes with Rosamund and added them . [ The Prophet ] The day of the resurrection is upon us . Today we make history . - Today we launch the revolution ! - [ man ] Gotta go now ! [ Mostow ] This location was kind of creepy . It was an abandoned , giant , sprawling 100 acre hospital for the mentally ill . In ... Massachusetts , it was a state owned hospital . It was all very drab and depressing and dreary . We were very happy when we were able to finally leave this location . But it suited our purposes very well for the reservation . It felt like exactly the kind of place that they would have probably given to this group of people that were wanting to live outside the mainstream of society . These abandoned , public structures . Another example of a change we made in post-production was , again , along this idea of playing more of our cards up . It was never our intention to reveal that James Cromwell was behind the hijacked surrogate Peters until the very end of the movie . But we decided , you know what , it would be better to show it now , as opposed to waiting until the end of the movie . We actually stole that shot of ... There 's two shots of James Cromwell , we stole both from two different scenes we 'd shot for other purposes . One was the final climactic scene , there 's a moment where he pushes the monitors away from him . Then we had the scene where he 's crying , early in the movie , after we meet the James Ginty character . So we stabilized his face , and we airbrushed out the creases in his eyes that work from the crying , and we combined the two to fabricate , essentially , this moment of him pushing away the monitor . Again , all this done for the purpose of just revealing more plot in the moment , as opposed to waiting till the end and forcing the audience to back-think it . Victor Welch wanted me to say hello . - I 'm sorry ? - Victor Welch , VSI . Good-looking kid ? Very excited you 're coming over there . Finally moving into the private sector . You must be excited , huh ? Why don 't you come in my office . You 're not looking too sharp . [ Mostow ] I really like how the natural lines in this location and the things we added to help give this a tic-tac-toe board of verticals and horizontals that we then further enhanced by dutching . Notice how we arranged everything in right angles to each other . What are you talking about ? Miles Strickland . The guy I was chasing . - The guy you hired to kill Canter . - Tom , you got it all wrong . [ Mostow ] Boris is a really good looking actor to begin with . But , again , this is a case where , for all his shots in the movie , we gave him a little bit of digital touch up . We had to do that with all the surrogate actors . Everybody , no matter how good-looking they are , Boris Kodjoe is an unbelievably good-looking human being . Everybody has some facial imperfection somewhere or another . And so ... That 's where we spent many of our millions of dollars , improving those , not to mention shots like these . Obviously Boris does not have a compartment in the back of his head with circuitry inside . This was a challenging scene for Boris because he had to stay completely still while we were shooting it . Very , very difficult . And not blink , that 's the other thing . Very hard to be under hot movie lights and not blink . [ phone ringing ] [ Mostow ] It was interesting for the actors that had to play both the surrogate and their real selves . When it came time to have them be their real selves , which generally meant making them look older and dumpier , giving them big butts , or whatever thing we did with them , I wondered how these actors would respond to us essentially downgrading their physical appearance . It was interesting , 'cause they loved it . These people like Boris and Radha Mitchell , who are just gorgeous in real life they got a total kick out of ... How can I put it charitably ? ... taking a few taking themselves down a few notches on the appearance scale . We get the codes , we nail Stone . [ Mostow ] This sequence is interesting because it was never in the original script . It was a sequence we came up with after we finished principal photography . And we realized that we wanted to inject more excitement into the movie at this point , when the noose is tightening around the characters . We had already come back to Los Angeles and we 'd been editing the movie . And so we needed to recreate Boston in Los Angeles . Everything you see in this sequence was shot on the backlot of Paramount . As it 's been explained to me , nobody has ever attempted to do a chase sequence on the backlot of Paramount , it 's just not that big . You don 't have long stretches , there 's just a few city blocks . So through a lot of technical trickery , which I 'll get into , we were able to both recreate Boston and give ourselves enough real estate that we were able to do this chase sequence . First thing to notice is in the background , if you stood on this backlot you 'd see a lot of palm trees . We digitally erased those and we put in shots of the Boston skyline . We went to Boston and shot still pictures of the Boston skyline and put them in the background of certain shots . The next thing that helps us here is that , in fact , a lot of Boston looks like a backlot . Ironically , some of Boston in our movie looks more like a backlot than the actual backlots in Hollywood do . But the look of this backlot happens to match Boston really well . That made things work well . The shots of Bruce inside the car , those were done on a soundstage against green screen . Then integrated in here with plates that we shot . Same with Radha on top of the car . That 's a stuntwoman , we digitally replaced the stuntwoman 's face with Radha 's face . These were all the kind of tricks that we employ to give the sense that the actors are in the action and doing the stunts . [ sirens wailing ] - [ man ] FBI ! - [ woman ] Get out of the car . [ Mostow ] The sequence that was in this place can be found in the " Deleted Scenes " section . There 's a scene where Bruce drives up to Peters ' house in New Hampshire only to discover that she 's dead in the basement . And , as I said earlier , we decided that we would rather show her being killed onscreen so the audience understood already , earlier , in this section of the movie , that the surrogate has been hijacked and is being operated by somebody else . This shot where Bruce gets in the car and peels out , that was shot in Boston , where he originally drove off to Peters ' house . But now he 's driving directly to Canter 's house , because he knows that Canter must be the guy behind all this stuff . [ Greer ] Bobby ? Hello , Bobby ? Peters ... have you gone insane ? [ Mostow ] I 've talked about some of the actors in the movie , I haven 't said anything about Radha Mitchell yet . I was waiting for this section of the movie . This is where you get some appreciation for how good an actress Radha Mitchell is . Because you believe , as you 're watching her here , that you are watching a hijacked surrogate , that somebody else is in control of her . So , she plays in the movie her real self , she plays her surrogate controlled by her real self , and now she 's playing her surrogate controlled by Dr. Canter . In a few minutes she will be playing her surrogate controlled by Bruce , who has stepped into Dr. Canter 's chair to control her . If that sounds confusing to you , imagine how that is for an actress who has to keep switching from one to the other . It goes against the grain of how actors approach their roles . A good actorlactress will spends months and months thinking about their character 's backstory , and how they got to be where they are . In this case , the backstory of the character she was playing for the first half , that 's out the window . That doesn 't matter anymore . I would say to her , shooting the movie , I said , " I wish I could bonk you in the head and give you amnesia so you could forget about your character , because now you 've gotta play James Cromwell 's character or now Bruce Willis ' character . " It was a really challenging thing , and she does such a brilliant job of it . It completely sells the illusion . She is James Cromwell in the climax of this movie . And she is Bruce Willis in the climax in this movie . You think you 're watching them , but , really , you 're watching Radha Mitchell . It 's very hard to do , and I 'm just so impressed with how she did it . [ Stone ] Really , doctor . You should learn to live with your regrets . Now , give me the gun . [ Mostow ] It goes really to the heart of what one of the big creative risks going into this movie was , and we knew it . If you have a movie where actors are essentially portraying puppets , operated by off camera characters , how is that going to work ? Is that going to sell , is that going to be credible ? Particularly when you get the climax of the movie where you 've got this actress who has to portray several different people right in a row , in the space of several minutes . Are we gonna get away with that ? Is the audience gonna buy that ? That 's one of the scary things about making movies , you never know if it 's gonna work until you 're done and you put it in front of an audience . [ Greer ] I need to see your boss . I need to see Dr. Canter right away . Oh , good . Listen to me . I got to see your boss , Dr. Canter . [ Mostow ] One of the other creative risks going into the movie , is that we knew that the story was barreling toward a climax where the stakes were unclear , potentially , to the audience . First of all , the audience has to understand a lot of information that 's on computer screens . That 's always challenging . Secondly , what is Bruce trying to prevent ? We don 't really know until we actually see it happen . So the actors have to give us the sense that the stakes are dire , something terrible is going to happen . We clearly see that there 's desperation on Bruce 's face . But unlike a movie where Bruce is racing to stop the bad guy from blowing up the building , or saving the girl dangling from the ledge , or whatever the typical high stakes are in the climax of the movie . Here , because it 's such an original premise , with such an outlandish idea , the audience doesn 't have a visceral way of measuring how scared they should be for what 's going to happen . It puts much more pressure on the actors and the filmmaker to convey a sense of dread and desperation and stakes . This character ... we called him the " stalker " character . He was the guy we saw kill Peters . And it 's always one of those things where you 're never sure if the audience is going to remember a face they saw 45 minutes earlier . Some people in audiences have terrific retention , of memory for these things . And other people , you could cut to somebody two minutes later , they don 't know who it was , even though they just saw them in a scene . So going back to this question of suspense and stakes , I made the choice here to shoot this in traditional , suspenseful manner as you would with the hero going to the bad guy 's lair , even though we don 't really know what 's going to happen . Bruce 's character doesn 't know what 's going to happen . This is where you get your bang for the buck by having an actor like James Cromwell because he 's able to convey so much just in his performance . You get the sense , once the scene gets underway , that something pretty bad is about to happen . And the question is : is Bruce going to be able to stop it or not ? Feel that ? [ Mostow ] The other interesting thing here in this scene is here 's the bad guy in the movie , but really it 's the first time he 's spoken . Now , you could say , " Well , his character 's been in the movie a lot . " You 've seen his character as the young surrogate Canter , we 've seen his character as The Prophet , we 've seen his character as the boy Canter in the limo , we 've seen his character as operating Peters ' surrogate . His character 's been in the movie a lot , but the actor hasn 't . And this really tests the boundaries of what I call " emotional transference . " And that 's the principle that the audience invests in the actors on screen . But the question is , can they transfer those feelings to different actors who are , theoretically , playing the same character . I think there 's a limit to that . I think it 's probably a pretty low limit . We certainly have tested that theory to the max on this movie . But it 's one of the things that has been a challenge for us , yet it also makes the movie interesting and different . It 's things that I 've never seen before . So that 's the double-edged blade of taking on a movie like this . You 're going to get to do something original , it 's going to be different . And yet , it might not work . You won 't find out until it 's too late . It 's really like walking a tightrope that 's miles off the ground with no net or parachute . I guess I 've always been attracted to taking those kinds of risks . Or at least I was in this case . So recording this commentary before the movie comes out , and I don 't know yet how it 's going to be received , and these things may be perceived as the virtues of the movie or potentially its undoing . We tried to make the best choices we could to deal with these issues , but they were endemic to the premise . If you 're gonna make a movie about people staying at home operating surrogate robots , you 're going to confront these issues , that you have multiple actors playing the same character . How does that work ? Since no one 's ever done it before , we don 't know . This scene here is a good example of what two actors in a room are capable of doing . We get right down to it , here we are in the climax of the movie , and it 's two actors and some computer screens maybe some exciting music on top of it , and they 're able to bring you to these peaks and these valleys in this sequence . And they are selling the reality . It 's simply through their performance . There 's nothing else going on here . There 's no explosions going off , there 's no cars crashing into each other . It 's a viscerally exciting sequence , but it 's all done with good old-fashioned acting . And I just think that 's cool . It also helps when you have a comedic actor like Devin Ratray , who turns out to be an incredible dramatic actor , too , you know . And so he 's disarmed the audience with this comedic presence , then when he turns really serious like this it pulls you right in . But if you don 't press abort , all the surries are going to be destroyed . [ Bobby ] We don 't have a lot of time . Hit " yes . " Hi . Hello . Hit " yes , " Greer . Greer , I 'm talking all the surrogates . [ Mostow ] Now here 's something else that breaks the rules of Film Storytelling 101 . Here we have the star of our movie , Bruce Willis , one of the biggest action stars in the world , in the climax of the movie , sitting immobilized in a chair with his eyes covered up . If that doesn 't break the rules , I don 't know what does . And , again , time will tell if it was a clever choice or just completely wrong-headed . It was not something we did , going , " Hey , let 's subvert the rules of filmmaking , " It was necessary for how the rules of this particular world works . Now one thing that we did do is that we let Peters , obviously being operated by Bruce , press the " No " button . Even though it wasn 't necessary . Had no button been pressed , the same result would have ensued , but it just felt right from a movie star point of view , from a storytelling standpoint , to have the movie star do something affirmative that would affect the outcome of the movie . That 's why we have that shot of pressing that " N " key on the keyboard . All of these surrogates falling down , We did a lot of thinking about how they should collapse , so it felt like they 'd been unplugged . They were collapsing in certain ways on their joints . There was some wonderful stunt work done by our stunt folks . The shot of Rosamund on the floor here , where the camera is rotating down toward her , is remarkable for the fact that there 's no digital work in this whatsoever . Rosamund is holding completely still , she 's got 2,000 pounds of equipment corkscrewing down onto her face , and she doesn 't move an eyeball . It 's just amazing . That 's poise . This is no digital work here whatsoever . They let us shut down downtown Boston on a weekend and bring in all these cars and stage this and shoot this . It 's one of the great things about going to other cities . Not that LA isn 't cooperative , but these other cities are sometimes so excited to have filmmaking happen . It 's pretty terrific . That little country western song that you hear as the camera comes around , that 's from a song I created for Breakdown , and used again in this movie . It 's just my own personal satisfaction with having a song in the movie . One of the things I like about the end of this movie , is the last several minutes of this movie have no dialogue in them whatsoever . Basically , once Cromwell is dead and we finish the scene where Bobby is yelling at Peters , there 's no more dialogue in the entire film . It 's all told with moving images . We put that shot of the pills in just to make you think , " Did she do something terrible to herself ? " It just raises the tension level a little bit as we come into this moment . Finally , for the first time in the movie , and probably for his character , the first time maybe in months or even a couple of years , he 's getting to lay eyes on his real wife . And from this point forward , it 's really the actors ' performances that carry this moment and make this work . And this is , in my opinion , this is the definition of movie acting . You know exactly what these characters are thinking . You know what Bruce 's character is thinking without him having to say a word . That 's ultimately the difference between film acting and stage acting . So now we come to the question of how to end the movie . The graphic novel ended in a very dark way . We didn 't want to do that . We wanted something more hopeful . So the idea of him reconnecting with his wife , that maybe there 's a future for them , felt like the right note to end the movie . However , if we just ended it there it would feel saccharine . It would feel too much like a Hollywood happily-ever-after ending . So ... I knew I wanted something with a different , haunting feel to it , and I knew that this movie was a metaphor . That 's just the nature of the subject matter of the movie . It 's just people see it as an allegory for living life in this computer age that we live it in . This hyper-connected , Internet Blackberry , Facebook , Twitter age that we live . So that 's where this last shot came up from . The shot itself was simply an aerial shot that we had done as a plate shot . And then we digitally added in all the fallen people and cars . Otherwise that would have been a four million dollar shot . As it was , it cost a lot less to do it digitally .
