 Inpr ncihel fr alng lst thing lYibelm ingles In a recent study , people 's desire to see things Ranked third , right after hitting things And trying to have sex with things . - And if people could ... - Hey , That 's my doughnut ! Shut up . Ted 's talking . By leveling the current , we have increased bulb life by 38 % . This is the greatest leap in bulb technology since ... - Interesting fact ... the original lightbulb shape Was patterned off edison 's neighbor , Whose head was hideously enormous . This bulb lasts so long , it will be giving off light Well after you 're dead . Gentlemen , when you fight like that , manhood weeps . Nice work , ted . You 've made a super long-lasting lightbulb . And since that 's the name of this project , Your instincts are spot-on . Thank you , everybody . The company 's gonna love this . And I can 't get enough of the company 's love . Maybe you and the company should spend a weekend In wine country together , share a couple of bottles one evening , Maybe convince it not to wear panties to dinner . You should jump on that , ted , Before the crazy outweighs the hot . So there 's a famous theoretical physicist named stella clifton Giving a lecture tonight . She 's on the company 's radar , and I 'd like for you To go talk to her about coming to work here . I 'd emphasize the salary she 'd make And downplay the way we treat people . I 'm sorry . I couldn 't help but overhear . Hiring stella clifton would be a huge mistake . She 's arrogant , super critical And hangs her wet bras on everything . I mean , that 's the buzz in the physics chat rooms . Stella clifton is lem 's mom . He doesn 't want people to know Because he 's always felt overshadowed by her . So you 're saying we have an in ? I 'm saying , can 't we just let this one go ? Wouldn 't be the first time We didn 't hire a brilliant scientist Because someone at the company would be upset . Remember bob hitler ? No , I forgot the scientist named hitler . Okay , fine . We won 't go after lem 's mom . But this would be easier to sell upstairs If someone named clifton had bombed the hell out of london . Good morning , phil . You 're late . Were you up watching that documentary on moss ? Can you believe how much that stuff likes shade ? It just goes nuts . No , I was up because my mom was having sex with some guy . Ohh . Either that , or they were using her bed to hammer A very stubborn nail into the wall . It 's not right the way she treats you . She 's so inconsiderate . She 's like rhodesian wet moss . That stuff doesn 't give a damn who it hurts . good morning ! I had sex last night . that 's right- - dirty , sloppy sex . Truly , gentlemen , my hips were a blur . I went to the stella clifton lecture , And afrwards we started to chat and hit it off . So we went to a bar- - tell me you met another woman there and went home with her . I did meet another woman . But she wasn 't interested , so I went home With stella clifton and porked her all night . Oh , god ! Oh , god ! oh , god ! Yeah , she sounded just like that . I had a great idea . You should have come in here Holding that bulb over your head so I could tell . Yesterday I was in my cubicle , and a fly got caught in my lamp , And it started to cook . That 's not really an idea . That 's more of an unpleasant anecdote Or a cautionary tale for flies . No , the bulb kept giving off this putrid smell , So I sprayed perfume on it . And then today when I turned my lamp on , My whole cubicle smelled pretty . And so I thought , Bing ! We should develop a line of scented lightbulbs . Uh ... And react positively . Okay , um ... You hate it . All I ever do is test other people 's ideas . I was so excited to finally come up with one of my own . But you 're right . It 's stupid . I should die like a lightbulb fly . No , it 's not stupid . It 's just , I have spent years developing This long-lasting bulb , and I don 't want To distract the company with a different one . Not to oversell it , but mine will save the world , And then veridian will change its name To ted 's awesome lightbulb company . Perfect . Now I can tell my joke . How many product testers does it take to change a lightbulb ? Ted hated my idea . No . Seven . The end still needs work . I told ted an idea I had for a scented lightbulb , But he didn 't think we should do it . Hmm . I think a scented lightbulb is a good idea . Really ? You think it 's worth pursuing ? No , I don 't . Oh . I 'm kidding . I like it . You do ? No . Oh . Seriously , I like it . Okay , what are we doing now ? I 'm showing you that you care too much what people think . Successful people don 't do that , linda . You 've gotta be confident . You 've got a good idea , - And you shouldn 't let anyone stop you . - You really think it 's a good idea ? No , I don 't . Well , I do . Finally ! And that 's why it takes seven product testers To change a lightbulb . So I took linda 's idea for scented lightbulbs Upstairs to chet , and he loved it . Really ? Wow . You went over my head on this ? No . I-I just went out your door and ran into veronica . Then she went over your head . The company sees this as a whole new way To market lightbulbs to women . And since you thought of the idea and you 're a woman , Even though your shoes argue otherwise , The company wants you to co-run the project with ted . That 's fantastic . D , are you okay with this ? Please be okay with this . It would be so exciting if we could work together On a project that I came up with . Of course . Yeah , I 'm looking forward to it . - It is going to be ... - And your lightbulb project is dead . Fantastic . - Mommy ? - Hello , sweetheart . How was your day at the crap factory ? You know , sometimes I feel like you judge what I do . I 'm not judging you . I just weighed the empirical evidence And came to an objective conclusion- - You 're wasting your talent . It 's like jackson pollock painting cars for $ 99.95 . Listen ... I wanted to talk to you about dr . Bhamba . My new lover ? yes . It 's just , you two dating Is making it awkward for me at work . Heaven forbid I 've slowed production Of the latest worthless gadget . What will people do without a helmet That feeds them cheeseburgers Or a remote control for their underpants ? We 're not making a cheeseburger helmet . They pulled the plug After it fed one of the test subjects to death . I 'm sorry , lem , but I 'm not giving up my bhamba . He 's a very special man . Look . This robe is so short , if I were a bell , You could almost see my clapper . I 'm never calling you daddy . Never , never ! Okay ... I am happy for linda . Yay , linda . But the long-lasting bulb is important to me . And taking my feelings completely out of it , It is way better than linda 's dumb , smelly bulb . Ted , ted , ted . I see what 's going on here . You 're worried that after years of the company adoring you , A shiny , new linda has come along , And they may not have enough love for both of you . I am not worried about that . Did they say that 's what 's happening ? I know what you 're going through . When my little sister came along , I was very jealous . That feeling never went away- - even when she was older , And I put testosterone in her orange juice So she became hairy and unlovable And got kicked off the gymnastics team for doping . Oh , my god ! I was not a perfect child , ted . My parents only had so much love , And I got it , and monkey girl didn 't . Anyway , don 't be like that . whoo ! Ow ! Maybe bhamba 's not talking about your mom . Maybe he 's talking about the time He won that hula-hoop competition . And that 's how I won the hula-hoop competition ... And developed the pelvic stamina to satisfy the sexual desires Of the famous dr . Stella clifton . I can 't believe your mom is doing this to you . She 's really not going to stop seeing bhamba ? Nope . I spent my whole life trying not to be Just the son of the famous stella clifton , And now that 's all anyone 's going to be talking about . He it 's stella clifton 's son ! Welcome to veridian . We expect great things from you . I 've been working here for 11 years . oh , I doubt that . Great to have you aboard . okay , everybody 's here . Okay ! Everybody 's here . I know you 're co-leading this , but that doesn 't mean Just repeating what I say . Maybe you 're repeating what I say Just before I get a chance to say it . Okay , linda . Why don 't you take the meeting ? All right , I will . Ted , bring us up to speed . All right . First of all , let 's talk about a timeline . Timeline , people . Because some of us who have never run a project before May not realize it can take years to go from an idea To a workable prototype . Am I right , fellas ? Absolutely . See ? But in this case , the concept was so elegantly simple That we banged one out this morning . Interesting . So then I would be safe to say ... Ha . please . Your bulb smells like pumpkin pie . Mine would have slowed climate change . But I guess when the ice caps melt , We will need something that smellsood to cover up The stench of all the dead polar bears . Boys , how long would it take to develop new technology So that ted can go screw himself ? Mm , we 're not prepared to address- - don 't talk . This isn 't about us . Look ... I think it 's gonna be impossible For us to co-lead these meetings . Can 't take a little heat , like your precious polar bears ? Wait . How did I get on the crazy side of climate change ? There she is . Linda , you remember my boss chet ? You better watch out for this one , ted . She could be the new t , a super sweet-smelng ted . Oh , that 's just my bulbs , sir . Hey-o ! Very funny , chet . You tiptoed right up to the line but didn 't cross it . Yeah . Oh , she 's a sharp one . Wah your back , stud . Hey ! once again , sir , right up to the line . This project is going to be great . I hope so , sir . What do you mean , you hope so ? Nothing . I-I just hope everything goes well . Why wouldn 't it ? Is there a problem , veronica ? Not at all . It 's a home run . Linda was just doing a funny chter she 's been working on . Oh . It 's a product tester whose lack of confidence Trs her in a sad cuble where she dies old andne Without ever owning a decent purse . Well , as long as she never does it again , I don 't see the harm . There 's a meeting on your project Tomorrow night with the department heads . If you want to be in the game , you 're gonna have to show A lot more confidence than you just did . I love that one . I hate that one , And bring me chicken for lunch . What were those ? I have no idea , but did you see how confident I was ? So confident , I 'm getting chicken . Now you try it . What do I tell him to do ? It doesn 't matter . Just make sure he does it . Lose the tie , hippie . What ? What 's wrong with my tie ? Are you questioning me ? Oh , that 's rich . I said lose it ! And bring me a chicken . Very nicely done . Today , we feast on chicken , Although you may be getting a live one . Why are you looking up my mother 's facebook page ? I 'm going to find her , seduce h , And make sensitive yet vigorous love h Well , that 's the one thing we haven 't tried To get her out of the coma . Maybe I could save you three very weird minutes . Things between your mother and I have hit a rough patch . Oh , no . What do I do with that world 's greatest stepdad coffee mug I got for you ? Guess I have to take it back to the sarcasm store . It 's just , stella is so intelligent , I 'm starting to feel like an idiot around her . I know what you mean . She 's always reminding me That while she 's unlocking the secrets of the universe , I 'm trying to design a toaster that can handle a pizza bagel . That would be a boon to both jews and italians . You 're a very good scientist , lem . U shouldn 't feel inferior to your mother . Well , neither should you . Your breakthroughs in weapons technology Have made warfare exponentially more horrifying . Well , I don 't know about that . It takes a village to kill a village . I wonder , if only there were a way To show your mother we 're intellectually worthy of her . Well , I 'm out of ideas . I helped put a satellite into orbit when I was 11 , But it wasn 't " geosynchronous , " So she wouldn 't even look up when it went over our house . We 're both smart . Maybe if we work together , We could do something to impress her- - Like a bagel toaster that tracks down enemies And burns them evenly on both sides . No , not that . Or something she would appreciate- - Something theoretical , With no practical application whatever . Yes ! Just to be clear , it has to be science , right ? Not just a great dance move or something ? Come on . One great idea . Lightbulbs that ... Taste good . No , that sucks ! I suck . No wonder the company 's gone off me . So " suck " is okay to say now ? 'cause I have some thoughts about the lunch You packed me today . I 'm sorry , honey . I 'm just a little frustrated . I 'm trying to figure out something The company would really appreciate . Well , why don 't you just as ? I always like it on my birthday when you ask me what I want . Well , the company doesn 't know what it ... Stella clifton . That 's it . That 's what they want . I 'll get them stella clifton . Mwah ! Thank you , honey . If you think about it , It 's not hard to figure out what people want , Especial if they tell you over and over again . We 're not getting motorcyc with a sidecar . - It 's just not practical . - We 'll see . What 's 4 plus 8 ? I don 't know . A triangle ? I 'm very tired . What is all this ? We 've been up all night trying to earn my mother 's respect By solving clifton 's unfinished equation , Which , as the name implies , she 's been unable to finish . Lem , you shouldn 't have to prove anything to your mom . You 're great , and if she can 't see that , Then she is an insensitive idiot Who happens to be hot and sexy . Phil ! I am still a man . Are you ready for the meeting ? We have to cancel . Ted 's disappeared , and I just found out , If you leave the scented bulbs on for three days , It smells like rotting meat . Linda , listen to yourself . Those are just facts , And facts are just opinions , and opinions can be wrong . The only thing that is never wrong is confidence . But- - no buts . I brought this upstairs , And your failure will be my failure . You can do this . I know you can . Now get in there and run that meeting Like a shark driving an assault vehicle Through a herd of seals wearing chum pants . I 'll do it . And so with aromas ranging from zucchini bread to fresh laundry , The scented lightbulb has zero downside . I heard that after a couple of days , The bulb stinks like rotting meat . Then you , sir , Are the stupidest man who 's ever lived . What ? What ? I 'm an executive who says , " what ? " What are you , 2 ? You 're the one who smells like rotting meat . finish him . Oh , my god . You 're jealous of the lightbulb . That 's what this is about . You hate light and smell . What in the name of god did your paren do to you ? Saunders , take your weird , emotional issues And get out . sorry . no weakness . anyone else hear any stupid rumors About my lightbulb ? Come on , bring it . so I took stella clifton to dinner To convince her to come work veridian . And I brought phil along in case the conversation Got all science-y on me . If you join the vedian team , You would have access to unmatched scientific resources , From hydro-perlation nongravitational calibrators To executives who only know the name of one cool thing But will stay out of your way . I 've always felt that when science is seduced by commerce , Scientists become intellectual prostitutes- - Mind sluts , brain whores . Well , we don 't have to pay you . Uh , so , phil , you 've been a little quiet . Why don 't you tell dr . Clifton what you like About working at veridian ? ahh . You 're a bitch . And there 's a gym , which has a little juice bar . Who needs to exercise at a gym When you 've got your son 's ego to beat up on ? Phillip myman , if I am a little hard on lem , It 's because I 'm helping him by pointing out Potential areas for improvement . When ted asked me to come tonight , I agreed for one reason- - To tell you that your son is a great guy And a brilliant scientist , and if you don 't want him To go through life feeling like crap about himself , You should tell him you 're proud of him once in a while . Okay , this is my fault . I should not have let phil have his own grown-up drink . And you . You 're so desperate to score points with the company , You 're trying to hire this hot , sexy woman Even though you ow it would destroy lem . Yes , I think you 're sexy . Yes , I don 't have a lot of grown-up drinks , And , yes , I wish I had a third yes . And , yes , I don 't . Hey . Ted . What a surprise . You missed a good meeting today . I lied in a loud voice and then crushed the spirit The only honest man in the room . Listen ... I want to help you with your lightbulb , And mean really help you this time , Not get all pissy and competitive . Why ? Linda wonders suspiciously . 'cause I realized tonight that chasing the company 's approval Has turned me into a childish , approval-chasing butt-head . Those were phil 's words when I drove him home . He also accused me of being blurry and spinny . Well , I haven 't behaved perfectly either , Linda says contritely . Why are you talking like that ? Because it makes it easier for me to say I 'sorry . Even though I have mostly contempt for the company , It still felt nice when they patted me on the head . And that made me act all gloaty , Linda explained explanatorily . Well , it 's okay , Ted said , using his mouth . I 'm glad we don 't talk like this all the time , he added . That can 't be a 7 , or the sky would be green . Mom . What brings youo the place where , as you say , " science bends over and grabs its ankles " ? I just wanted to see what my son was up to . Why are you wasting your time working on my stuff ? Why don 't you show me what you 're working on ? Because you 're gonna think it 's stupid . I won 't . Popcorn that pops from the heat in your mouth . Huh . It 's pretty cool , actually . I think I put too much in . Can I try one ? are you sure ? It 's fresh from the crap factory . I like it . Really ? I 'm sorry I never looked up at your satellite . It 's okay . It 's coming around again in 2015 . It 's a date . You bring the popcorn . Crocodiles ! Oh ! I was having a dream . The only thing I remember was a curious lack of crocodiles , And so I began to call out for them . Oh . Stella . Look at the boards . See how smart I am ? I taped three of them together . Who cares if you 're smart ? You 're great in the sack . Really ? Eventually , working together , Linda and I found a solution to her stinking bulb problem . I just wanted to say thanks for mentoring me , But I can 't keep faking the crazy-confident thing . It 's making me more crazy than confident . That 's fine , linda . You are weak and so will never be a threat to me . That 's perhaps your greatest quality . And I realized that whether it 's a giant , Multinational company or your own mother , You should never chase someone else 's approval . Hey , ted , I heard you pitched in on the lightbulb . Nice work . Really ? You think so ? God , that felt good .
