 # Ring around the rosie # # pocketful of posies # # ashes , ashes # # we all fall down # # Ring around the rosie # # a pocketful of posies # # ashes , ashes # # we all fall down # # Ring around the rosie # # pocketful of posies # # ashes , ashes # # we all fall down # # Ring around the rosie # # pocketful of posies # # ashes , ashes # # we all fall down # # ring around the Rosie # # ashes , ashes # # pocketful of posies # # ring around the Rosie # # ashes , ashes # # a pocketful of posies # # ashes , ashes , we all fall down ! # Time 's up ! What did you see ? Me and my family were at Disneyland . - What did you see ? - I saw a pony . I was eating ice cream . What did you see ? None of your business . It 's Blackout . Everyone has to play . - I don 't want to . - You have to tell . That 's the rule . - Hey , give him back ! - Not until you tell ! Charlie ! Charlie ! Charlie , you know we don 't hit at school . You 're coming with me right now , young lady-Ch-Charlie ! Get back here ! Charlie ! Charlie ! Charlie ! " White To Play " I 've been struggling ever since I had the visions . They say we 're supposed to live our lives one day at a time . But how am I supposed to do that ... with the future breathing down my neck ? Every day just brings me closer to what I saw , and it seems like I can 't avoid it , and , uh , there you are staring back at me . - The guy 's hammered . - Not one damn of you has any answers do you ? No , you don 't , because there are no answers - because this program 's a joke . - I got an answer for you . You need to take a walk , cool down a little . Spare us the rest of your bender . Look , I hated seeing that as much as you did , but you know you never interrupt another person 's share . I 'm sorry , but loaded and sharing ? The guy was pushing my buttons . I 've been dealing with some stuff , you know ? So is he . I know you 're worried about Olivia . You 're worried you 're gonna fall off the wagon in the future . He 's gone and done it now . What 's the difference ? You 're both struggling . Look at all these people . Every one of them 's dealing with the same thing we are - The future . Only difference is , most of them don 't have a support group to help them cope with what they saw . Maybe it was good . Maybe it was bad . Maybe it was inexplicable . The point is , it happened to everyone , every single human being on the planet . I ... I saw my daughter alive . Explain that . You can walk up to any one of these strangers and ask them , " What did you see ? " And they 'd know exactly what you were talking about . When in the history of the world has that ever happened ? We 're all prophets now . Six agents resigned this morning . That 's a grand total of 18 in the past 3 days . Now I know we 're all more than a little freaked out right now . Everybody in this building is scared or hopeful or confused about what they saw . But unlike everybody outside this building , we have a responsibility to put all that aside because we 're the ones people look to when their world goes to pieces . Wow . It was worth taking military transport from Washington for that little speech . Deputy secretary Anastasia Markham , Homeland Security . I heard there was an FBI field office which appointed themselves solely responsible for investigating the blackout . If there 's another office or agency that had a vision of this investigation and has more information than we do , let me know ... And I 'll send ' em our case file . Excuse me . Problem at my daughter 's school . So what were they doing when it happened ? They were playing Blackout . It 's the same kind of role-playing that we saw after 9 / 11 and Katrina . Sorry , I-I can 't believe she 's all that different from the other children . Well , the other children - they 're talking about what they saw , just like the rest of us . But the fact that Charlie hasn 't suggests something deeper . So is everything okay at home ? I was with another man . Yeah . We 're fine . Has she discussed anything that she might have seen ? We 're taking the " she 'll tell us when she 's ready to " approach . You might consider rethinking that and asking her . Look , obviously , neither of us want to talk about this . But ? Charlie wasn 't in my flash-forward . I 'm assuming she was at home with you . Just say it , Mark . You saw another man ... - Somebody who - - I 've never even met . Someone , who even if I did meet , I 'd turn around and walk the other way . You have to believe that . But in your ... vision ... you were involved with him . You said you had feelings for him , and he was in our house . What if Charlie saw the same guy , too ? We don 't know what Charlie saw . It was 10 : 00 at night . She had to have been home . Come on . It 's the most likely scenario , and we both know it . She 's upset ' cause she thinks her family 's gonna fall apart . I 'm not gonna let that happen . I 'm not gonna let some man I 've never even met come in and threaten what we have , what we 've built together . - It 's not gonna happen . - Of course not . But it doesn 't change the fact that we gotta show Charlie that Mom and Dad are still good . Are we good , Olivia ? Well , I met with a divorce attorney this morning . That 's funny . I met with mine last night . - Yeah , so we 're a disaster . - DEFCON 1 , at least . Or like DEFCON plus one . Yeah , if it exists . It 's gonna take a hell of a lot more than fate if you want to get rid of me . We 're gonna beat this , Olivia . Now let me get this right . You took it on yourself to use bureau funds to make a web site ? We 've been calling it the Mosaic collective , and what the web site does is it asks people to post what they saw during their visions . Now in the 17 hours since the site has gone live , we 've gotten over 600,000 responses . So far it confirms the theory that if you put the descriptions of peoples ' visions together , you do start to get a definitive picture-a mosaic - of April 29th . Now we 're using N.S.A. ' s echelon network algorithm to intercept any suspicious words and to look for patterns . Now the hope is those patterns will eventually lead to an explanation of what caused the blackout so we can at least prevent another one . You 're spending millions of dollars on a hope ? - Mm-hmm . - Comforting . But how can you be sure ? What makes you think that this was a scheduled event ? Well , the blackout happened at exactly 11 : 00 A.M. Pacific daylight time . There 's 60 minutes in an hour , 60 seconds in a minute . So the chances of something happening at exactly the top of any hour are 1 in 3,600 . In other words , the odds of this happening by chance are vanishingly remote . I mean , I could give you a list as long as my arm of unscheduled events happening to coincide - with the top of an hour . - Exactly . Right now , this is all supposition . Some people are saying that aliens did this . Other people are saying it 's the rapture . But the United States government is not going to contribute to it with unsupported accusations , theories and hypothetical flights of fancy . All right , what 's this ? Our " hypothetical flight of fancy . " This was taken at Detroit 's oxide super-stadium about midway through the blackout . As far as we know , this was the only person on the planet - that was awake at that time . - Awake ? Mm-hmm . We don 't know how he or she is immune or why , but obviously , it 's gotten our attention , and now it 's gotten yours as well . What 's all that , Mommy ? Uh , babe , these are pictures of people - that other people are looking for . - ' Cause they 're lost ? Well , uh , everybody 's still cleaning up . But when they 're done , everybody will be found . Really ? Are you sure ? Yeah , super-special sure . Let 's go . Hey . I know it 's in here somewhere . Okay , sweetie , let 's go . Okay , just like we said in the car , babe . - You 're gonna be super good ... - Yes , Mommy . And I 'm gonna find Debbie , and she 's gonna help take care of you . Hey , Charlie , what are you doing here ? Hey . A little incident at school , and the babysitter 's gone A.W.O.L. What do we got ? Ah . Well , admits are leveling off , which is good , because we 're running out of hallways to put beds in . How about that truck driver ? Did you get him extubated ? Yeah , and his sats are holding . Also Mr. Simcoe , father of the M.V.A. Boy - he 's been asking for you . Oh , yeah , I 've got to try and get there . It 's just all I can do to get out of the O.R. and work . What about Squirrlio ? He 's hurt . Intensive care ? - You 're hurting him , Mom . - I 'm making him better . You-you know what would really help his recovery is 10 CCs of milk and cookies , stat . Do you think you can do that for me , doctor ? Nice . Go find Debbie . - Dr. Benford , I presume ? - Mm-hmm . I 'm Lloyd Simcoe . Oh , this is awkward . Well , it doesn 't have to be . A simple apology for avoiding my son 's bedside , and we can move right along . I 'm sorry . You and I have never met ? Yeah , that 's the general objection I was trying to convey . Sorry , I have to make a call . I - I 've been camped out at my son 's bedside for three days ... waiting to meet this mysterious surgeon - who apparently saved his life . - I am so sorry . It 's-it 's just ever since the blackout , I 'm completely slammed with work , so that 's why . I can tell . I 'm sure your son has a favorite toy . I really don 't know , honestly . Um ... Well , his condition makes him a little hard to read . He 's autistic . Oh , where is he on the spectrum ? I 'm not all that familiar with the terminology . Uh , Dylan 's mother and I separated soon after he was diagnosed , and , well , to make matters worse , his mother-my wife - She died during the blackout . I heard that . I 'm so sorry . Thank you . Actually , I still haven 't worked up the courage to give Dylan the news , and-oh , so sorry . Um , and-and I-I still have a fair number of questions regarding his condition . Sure . You are in excellent hands with Dr. , um , Varley . He can really answer most of your questions . Right . Oh , um ... Very best of luck with the procedure . Hey , everything okay with Charlie ? Yeah , it 's fine . Where 'd you get that ? Oh , Charlie made it for me . Was that the same one from your vision ? Yeah . - And you 're wearing it ? - You don 't have kids . Charlie 's in free fall right now . The last thing I need is her freaking out because I wouldn 't accept her gift . Then do something that doesn 't involve wearing it . What 's your problem , Dem ? You putting on that bracelet ... It 's like saying you want the future to happen . Believe me , I don 't . But let 's be honest about why you 're so worked up here . It 's not my future you 're worried about . It 's yours . What if I didn 't see anything because six months from now , I 'm gonna be dead ? You 're panicked over what might happen . But if these flash-forwards really are a window into the future , then we 've gotta do everything we possibly can to use them to our advantage . What about D. Gibbons ? Have we made any headway with the name ? There 's about 15,000 D. Gibbons worldwide - 4,000 in the U.S. , and of those , about a thousand have criminal records . Bureau 's working with some local P.D.s to knock on doors , but it 's gonna take some time . We don 't have time . We don 't even know if D. Gibbons is important . Remember that . That name was on my office wall six months from now . This person is important . Hey . You guys ready to have your world rocked ? You know our person of interest-D . Gibbons ? Well , she just strolled into our office asking for an Agent Demetri Noh . Let 's just start from the beginning . Uh , my name is Didi Gibbons , short for Deirdre . I 'm 45 years old . I live in Anaheim , and I own a cupcake store - Didelicious cupcakes . I brought some . Peanut butter chip , carrot cake and red velvet . They 're quite good . Well , I 've never been arrested . I 've never had so much as a speeding ticket or anything like that , and ... But I 'm nervous . You 're already investigating me , and-and I haven 't done anything yet , or I w-I won 't . Did you see something in your flash-forward ? It was so strange . I was in my store , and I was arguing on the phone with someone . I don 't know anything about any cockadoody pigeons . I was getting angry . I was so snippy . You need to talk to Agents Benford and Noh . They 're with the FBI . Criminy , it is Noh ! N - O-H . It 's his last name - Chinese or Mongolese or one - one of the - ese . Asian . I don 't know ! Just leave me alone ! Oh , that 's good . In my church , we 've been talking about these visions , what they might mean , and my pastor suggested I contact you . I called FBI offices until I found an Agent Noh . - It 's Korean , by the way . - I 'm a good person . She could be lying . I mean , we can 't just take people at their word when they talk about what they saw . Did she look like she was lying ? No , but it 's pretty convenient , her walking in here like this with the cupcakes and the snippy and the-and the pigeons . Could be nothing . Could be the key that unlocks everything . According to your years of investigating global blackouts , right ? Mark 's right . At this point , any detail could be significant . Run a background check . I 'm gonna log these in to , uh , evidence . - Hey . - Yes ? Since we 're running down details , why don 't we circle back on what you saw ? I told you . I was in a meeting . Yeah , but like Demetri said , I can 't just take your word for it . - What ? - In my flash-forward , gunmen were coming into the office . If you were in a meeting , you were here , which means you might have seen something . But I didn 't see anything . - How can you be sure ? - What ? All right , I wasn 't in a meeting . I was having a bowel movement . Sorry I asked . No , no , no , no . You wanted it . Now you gonna get the blow-by-blow . Just wait . It gets better , 'cause I was also on the can when the blackout happened . When I woke up , I didn 't know what happened . I banged my head against the side of the stall . I was a little out of it . Rafalski was in the John as well . What ? Son of a bitch was drowning . - What 'd you do ? - What do you think I did ? I gave the poor bastard mouth-to-mouth . You speak about this , e-mail , text , fax , Twitter , whatever , to anyone , I will transfer you to the ass end of the cornfield so fast , your head will spin . - You understand what I 'm saying ? - Yes , sir . - Get out . - Mouth-to-mouth ? Get out . There we go . Full recovery . Squirrlio ! Squirrlio ! You 're okay . He 's still a little tender from his sutures . It 's my recommendation that he remain ambulatory . - Do you know what that means ? - Like an ambulance ? Kind of . It means moving around . So do you want to take a walk ? - Let 's do it . - I 'm gonna take extra , extra special care of you from now on . I 'm making super-special sure you 're always going to be okay . You saw another man in our living room . What if Charlie saw the same guy , too ? Hey , honey . Uh , sweetie , just wait up . Baby , see that man there ? Have you ever seen him before ? Unh-unh . Who is he , Mommy ? He 's nobody , baby . He 's nobody . Dylan ! What happened to Dylan ? Who hurt Dylan ? - Who hurt him ? - Hey , hey , hey , hey . - Babe , he 's fine . - Who hurt him ? Who hurt him ? - Who hurt him ? - Mommy operated on him . He 's fine . Dear heart , how do you know Dylan ? I saw him in my dream . You did ? Where were you ? - Were you at our house ? - Who hurt him ? What did you see ? How did he get hurt ? Who hurt him ? Who hurt him ? - Who hurt him ? - It 's okay . How 'd he get hurt ? Who hurt him ? Who hurt him ? What did you find out about Didi Gibbons ? Well , N.C.I.C gives her a clean bill of health . And aside from a few parking violations , - the woman is a saint . Mm . The only thing even remotely resembling any kind of hiccup are a couple of credit card charges made last week . It was two purchases on the same account at nearly the same time - One for a manicure in Newport Beach and the other at a gas station in Utah , like , two minutes later . It 's a cloned card . It 's gotta be a cloned card . Didi said she was having an argument in her flash-forward-with her credit card company , maybe . Sick to death of you people harassing me . - Argument about pigeons ? - Cockadoody pigeons ! Maybe the pigeon 's a person - the name of whoever stole her credit card and charged it in Utah . 14 people with the last name Pigeon in Utah . - Any criminal records ? - Not unless you include jaywalking and indecent exposure . Didi said in her flash-forward she was arguing about pigeons . Is there someplace in Utah where , I don 't know , - there 's a lot of pigeons ? - Wow . That 's good . No , no , as theories go , that one 's , um , that one 's really thin , actually . Tell us again why you 're the boss ? Because he 's a genius . There 's not " a lot of pigeons " in Utah , but there is one . Pigeon isn 't the name of a person . It 's - It 's a place - Pigeon , Utah . Contact the Bureau Field Office in Salt Lake City and get them running this down . In the meantime , let 's see if there 's anything else for us to go on . Excuse me . I understand . Go ahead . Hey , I 'm sorry . Do you have a minute ? Sure . Uh , so I took Charlie with me to the hospital , and she saw a boy she recognized from her vision . - Did she tell you what she saw ? - No , she just imploded . Come to see daddy work , Charlie bear ? Hi , daddy . - Hi . How are you ? - Good . She seemed to really care about him . Seeing him in his hospital bed , she was - She was worried for him . Well , ' cause he was in the hospital . That 's probably where she met him sometime in the next six months . Maybe . What ? What 's the matter ? What 's up ? His father ... The boy ... His father is the man I saw . His name is Lloyd - Lloyd simcoe . - His son is - - His son 's your patient . But Lloyd didn 't recognize me . I 'm positive . You don 't think ? No , I 've thought about it , and I realize that I saw him . But before he turned around , the flash-forward ended . So I don 't think he saw me . But it doesn 't matter what I saw . This man means nothing to me . For now . Oh , come on . That 's not fair . You can 't punish me for something - I haven 't done , something - - I 'm not . Hey . I 'm not punishing you , Livy . It 's just , what was that man doing in our home ? I seem to remember you , uh , you told me you had feelings for him . Well , you said you were okay . Obviously , you 're not . Until three days ago , you 'd never met this guy . Now you have . The future 's happening , Livy . What if we just saw a possible future , like a warning ? I am never gonna be unfaithful to you , Mark . We don 't know what " never " means anymore . Excuse me . Hey , we checked with the field office near Pigeon . Didi Gibbons ' cloned card just got run . Our unsub bought a bus ticket . Makes sense . Planes are still grounded . Ticket 's for tonight . D. Gibbons is blowing out of town . We got a chopper waiting . I , uh , I gotta go . Welcome to Pigeon . I 'm Sheriff Keegan . Mark Benford . This is Agent Noh . How are you ? Why is this man so important ? Did he have anything to do with the blackout ? He 's a person of interest . Well , we 've set up a stakeout across from the bus station in case he does show . It 's like an invasion . Your Salt Lake City Field Office practically sent an army . We 're not looking to horn in on your turf . That 's too bad . We could use someone to tell us what to do . Everyone in town is fixated on these visions they experienced . Does that include you ? Not exactly . It 's a little boring , but I didn 't see anything . Really ? Nothing ? Quite frankly , I 'd rather not be any other way . The people I know , the ones who say they saw their futures ... They 're torturing themselves over it . Let 's go . I wanna know everything we 're doing to identify this person in the stadium . What would be the point ? I thought you didn 't think this was ... What was the term you used ? " Scheduled event " ? Are you going to brief me or crow about this some more ? Honestly , I don 't see why I can 't do both - for a little while . - We 're calling him " Suspect Zero . " How do we even know this is a " him " we 're looking at ? Video forensics . Do you see how his head is the exact height of the bleacher right there ? Well , that is a 6-foot wall , and using that as a reference point and accounting for camera angle and distance , we can estimate that this person is 5 ' 8 " and 150 pounds , which makes the odds of this being a female less than 1 in 40 . Can the image be enhanced further ? Data services has already blown up the pixels , but we 're sending it to the N.S.A. to see if the Fort Meade supercomputers can do anything else with it . Look at him - Walking around , not a care in the world , not the least bit surprised ... which means he knew the blackout was gonna happen , which means he was involved . Conspiracy theory is comforting . It presents you with an enemy , gives you someone to arrest , put on trial . Well , this is not a visual effect we 're looking at . This man is real . I just hope we can find him before he does something worse . What 's worse than causing worldwide devastation ? Causing it twice . Hey , Dr. Varley . My son 's asking for some kind of nonhospital hamburger . You know , wrapped in paper with a toy . Is that sanctioned given his condition ? Actually , uh , it 's good that he 's getting his appetite back . His-his vitals are looking good . Your son 's a fighter . Well , he 's gonna need to be . Everything is gonna be okay , Mr. Simcoe . Well , how can you be so sure ? I 've seen the future . Look , I know everyone saw something different . For me , it was something positive . For others ... Maybe it was something bad . But either way , I 've gotta believe ... I do believe that ... there 's a gift in the knowing . The test of who we are now is what we choose to do with what we 've seen . That 's an amazing thing . Go for Benford . It 's Keegan . D. Gibbons never even picked up his ticket . But you have the exits out of town roadblocked ? Sure , but he could still make it out of here on foot . For that matter , we don 't even know if it 's a " he . " We don 't know who we 're looking for . Damn it . I knew it . Look , Mark , that was a good shot , okay ? But maybe these future clues - of yours are just - - Bogus ? Well , I wasn 't gonna be that harsh , but yeah . Face it , it 's been a little bit of a goose chase here , man . Tell that to Didi Gibbons . And what about this ? I saw it in my vision , and it came true . Has Charlie ever made you one of those before ? Yeah . Okay , well , then it 's not that amazing . Coincidences happen all the time . That 's why they 're called coincidences . People see patterns in tea leaves and clouds . Come on . Let 's go home . Yo ! Sorry about the circus . Sorry it didn 't pan out . Sheriff , what is that place there ? Divine Doll , a mom-and-pop operation . They went bankrupt a few months ago , along with most of the town . It 's vacant now . In my vision , there was a photo of a doll - next to a card with the name - - D. Gibbons . You telling me that 's a coincidence , too ? You think this qualifies for probable cause ? The county judge will . He 's my father-in-law . I thought you said this place was vacant . It 's supposed to be . # Ring around the Rosie # - # pocketful of posies # - Crap . # Ashes , ashes , we all fall down # FBI ! Open up ! # We all fall down # - D. Gibbons , get down ! - Freeze ! Don 't move ! On your knees ! Are you alone here ? ! On your knees ! Don 't move ! - Down ! Get down ! - Don 't move ! Get on your knees ! Get down ! " He who foresees calamities - suffers them twice over . " - What 'd you say ? Officer down ! All right , fellas , take her away . Excuse me . Could I take a look at the photo you just took ? Thanks . Shooter 's in the wind . Hey , Dem , I 'm - I 'm sorry about Keegan . I know what you must be thinking but - Can we talk about that later ? What we got now is cell phone and white queen . So who 's our Bobby Fischer playing chess with ? Exactly . Chess pieces , dolls . What the hell was he doing here , Dem ? E.R.T. guy 's best guess is he was doing some heavy duty computer hacking . According to data forensics , our guy 's been superbusy since the blackout . He 's been hacking into nets all over the world - V.L.A. in New Mexico , Particle Collider at C.E.R.N. , G.P.S. network . He even tried to hack into Mosaic through the n . S.A. Why ? I think he was ruling out possible causes . I don 't think we 're the only ones investigating why the blackout happened . Dr. Benford . Your patient pulled through , I see . I 'm sorry I didn 't get to see your son today . I was really busy . All human patients , I swear . I should get her home . Ah , you know , I 've been sitting here , thinking of a way to tell my son that his mother is dead . Well ... However you tell him , just be sure to tell him you love him . Is parenting really that simple ? It 's the only simple part . Take care , Mr. Simcoe . # When I was young , younger than before # # I never saw the truth hanging ... # # And now I 'm older # # See it face-to-face # # And now I 'm older # # Gotta get up , clean the place # I 'm back , Dylan . Now there 's something I 've ... been putting off telling you , because I wanted you to get better first . And you know what ? Oh , you really are getting better . I guess you 're ... I guess you 're wondering why your mother hasn 't come to see you yet . She ... She 's not here . Yeah , that 's r - T - That 's right . Um ... You see , Dylan , um ... When the blackout happened , and when everyone fell asleep ... your ... your mother never woke up again . She was in an accident , and she , um ... She died ? Yeah . It 's just you and me now , kiddo . But we 're gonna be okay . I love you . I wanna see Olivia . 3 : 00 A.M. , guys . I was just about to fall asleep . What 's going on ? What 's going on is that I 'm eating crow . Tell him . I managed to pull the I.M.E.I. number off the cell you and Mark recovered from Utah . And as it turns out , D. Gibbons made a series of six calls - Five right before the blackout to another disposable cell . Well , a lot of people made calls before the blackout . Mark was on the phone with you - when it happened . - Yeah , I know , but the sixth call was placed 30 seconds into the blackout . I traced it to ... another cell . D. Gibbons was on the phone with somebody else during the blackout . Yes , but not just any somebody . The second call was placed to someone within range of three cell phone towers , allowing me to triangulate a position . Let me ask you this - What kind of a place has multiple towers to handle increased cell traffic ? - A baseball stadium . - Yep . D. Gibbons was talking ... to Suspect Zero . And then there were ... two . How many postings so far ? 900,000 and counting . This site 's taken on a life of its own . Everybody 's got a story . Just trying to corroborate what they saw . I feel like an idiot . I 've been ragging on Mark about all this future stuff , but ... I gotta admit , these clues on his board ... It seems like they 're actually panning out . Look who 's up late . Or , ahem , early , depending on your perspective . - Hi . - Hi . Ginger coconut . Blue Hawaiian . Nothing says gratitude like tropical flavoring . Thank you . Thank you . We didn 't really do anything . You don 't think that saving my credit score and my peace of mind isn 't anything ? Well , thank you . - Enjoy your sugar rush . Mm-hmm . - But get back to work , hmm ? Mmm ! Ooh . Flash-forward to my ass ballooning two sizes . Yeah , but you saw yourself pregnant , so your fat ass gets a pass . You know , it 's so funny . I 've never had that " ticking clock " feeling . You know , I 've never even had the urge to have a baby . There I was ... Some blonde woman giving me an ultrasound . This sonographer ... Maybe she saw you , too . Maybe she 's out there somewhere , waitin ' for you to post something . Yeah . Why not ? I wanna know . It 's a girl . Okay . There . Your turn . I didn 't see anything , Janis . Yeah , you know , some people just think that means you 'll be asleep . Or it means I 'll be dead . I met a woman today who didn 't have a vision . Five minutes after she told me , she was shot and killed . Have you talked to Zoey about this ? In my experience , um , fiancées aren 't really big on their grooms dying before the wedding . - Ruins the first dance . - Yeah . Heavy corpse . It 's bad wedding etiquette or something . Okay , if you 're gonna be dead - and that 's a big " if " ... Don 't you kinda wanna know how it happens ? I don 't know . I don 't think so . Yeah , but if you know , maybe you can prevent it . And maybe there 's somebody out there that has information that can help you . What the hell . Hey , it 's 3 : 00 in the morning . Didn 't want to wake you . Got back late . Ginger ale ? No . How was Nevada ? Utah . Dead end . You all right ? At work , I 'm making moves , betting the future is gonna happen as I saw it . But here at home , with you ... Us , me ... I 'm praying it doesn 't . Did I do the right thing , telling you about Lloyd ? You did . We shouldn 't keep secrets from each other . Why 'd you make a fire ? No reason . This is Demetri . Mr. Noh , I 'm sorry to disturb you , but I 'm calling in response to your Mosaic board posting . My post ? Already ? Who is this ? How 'd you get this number ? I can 't divulge that , but I can tell you my vision involved you . Go on . In my flash-forward , I was reading an intelligence briefing , and ... I am sorry . There is no delicate way to say this , but on March 15th , 2010 , You are going to be murdered . You 're home , Daddy . Sorry , sweetie . I didn 't mean to wake you . Go back to sleep . Daddy ? Yeah , hon ? The reason I was bad at school - It 's ' cause the other kids were saying , the flash-forwards are gonna come true . Only the good ones , honey . I promise . So if the bad ones aren 't gonna come true , why did people have them ? Think of ' em like a warning . You know , like when mommy 's driving and the traffic light turns yellow - It means there 's a stop sign coming ahead . So we don 't crash . Exactly . I don 't understand my warning . What do you mean ? Did you see something scary ? " D. Gibbons is a bad man . "
