 October 6th 2009 , began like any other day . Smells good . But what people didn 't know was that on this day , their lives would change forever ... Because the entire world was about to black out . And for 2 minutes and 17 seconds , everyone had a glimpse six months into their future . As Eggbert , I would like to egg-press my desire for you to eat oatmeal this morning . You 're silly , daddy . On the morning of the blackout , FBI Agent Mark Benford is at home with his family ... Toast of love . His wife Olivia ... - Hey , mommy . - And their daughter Charlie . Mmm ! Later that morning , Mark joins his partner , Agent Demetri Noh , on a stakeout investigating suspected terrorists . We only get to the subject of the first dance , right ? Zoey picks one of the cornest songs of all time ... " Islands in the stream . " You don 't care about any of this , do you ? I do . I do care . I 'm riveted . I 'm fascinated . Here we go . Showtime . Khalid , Omar , unknown female going mobile in a black suv . They made us . They 're on the move . As Mark and Demetri race across town ... Whoa ! Whoa ! - They have no idea ... - Holy ! What is about to happen . Suspects fleeing west on 6th . We need LAPD and air support now ! What are you laughing at ? I don 't know . I 've never done this before . Come on ! Aah ! And as he blacks out , Mark is bombarded with a rush of unfamiliar images . One by one as the world wakes up , confusion sets in . Dr. Benford , what happened ? - I don 't know . I lost consciousness . - Yeah . - Sweetheart , are you okay ? - I had a bad dream . I dreamt there were no more good days . For Mark Benford , everywhere he turns he is surrounded by chaos and devastation . Aah ! Aah ! Oh ! Look out ! But he soon realizes that it is more far-reaching than he could have ever imagined . All we know for certain is that everyone on the planet seemed to have blacked out - at exactly the same time ... - Confirming that the blackout - was a worldwide phenomenon . Officials are ... - As the world reels from the colossal tragedy and devastation , Mark returns to the FBI to try and understand the cause of what happened . We need to wrap our heads around the scope of this thing , people . It 's now been four hours since the blackout . How many cars collided ? We have planes downed at LAX . How many more around the world ? As Mark remembers the strange vision he had during the blackout , he realizes that the visions might be the key to understanding everything . What about the blackouts themselves , sir ? We 've been saying people have been blacking out , - but for me , it was ... - More like a dream , only more vivid than that . - Same thing happened to me . - Me , too . Like I was having a memory , only it ... it wasn 't of the past . It was of the future . The team concludes that everybody 's flash-forward is of the same date ... April 29 , 2010 . Everyone 's consciousness just jumped forward six months to April 29th ? As crazy as that sounds , yeah . And in Mark 's vision , the Los Angeles FBI is at the center of the investigation , called Mosaic , and he is leading it . So did you see anything in your vision that was helpful ? Photographs , names , people of interest . It had to do with what caused all this . If this really was the future we all saw , then I guess maybe they will be leads . But none of them make any sense to me right now . This is kind of insane . I mean , we 're running point on this because he had a vision of us running point on this ? 7 billion people caught a glimpse of the future . Maybe just one of them knows why this happened . How do we compare 7 billion stories ? - You create a web site . - Right . People can log on and post what they saw and cross-reference their vision . We can piggyback on that and search for patterns . Priority number one ... finding out what caused this . Priority number two is figuring out whether or not it 'll happen again . You got it ? Yes , sir . In hopes of finding their first real lead , agents Benford and Noh attempt to piece together the board that Mark saw in his vision . Okay , my psychic friend , what do you got ? I remember a name ... " D. Gibbons . " - " Gibbons . " - That 's right . Yeah . What else you got ? I was wearing one of those , uh , friendship bracelets . You know , like kids make . Those are all the leads I can remember . Come on , what about your state of mind ? - What were you doing ? - As he struggles to make sense of the jumbled images in his flash-forward , Mark is haunted by something else he saw , which he confides in his sobriety sponsor Aaron . I was drinking again ... in my flash-forward . And I knew it wasn 't just a one-time thing . I was full-fledged drinking again . All the anxiety , the shame . It was all back . Maybe because you saw it , you can change it . What if I can 't ? Olivia said she 'd leaved me if I slip again . She made that clear . Then don 't slip . At the end of a long day , Mark goes home to his family , where his wife Olivia makes a startling confession . What did you see ? I was with another man . I 've never seen him before . And yet in my vision , I had all these ... feelings for him . Hey , honey . I don 't understand , Mark . I would never cheat on you . Wouldn 't betray you . I wouldn 't ... I ... Just because we saw these things doesn 't mean they 're gonna happen . But when Mark 's daughter Charlie - wakes up from a bad dream ... - It 's gonna be okay . Are you scared ? No , honey . I 'm fine . And gives him an unsettling gift ... Do you want me to help you put it on ? He begins to believe that the future he saw ... There you go . May actually come true . Back at the FBI , Agent Janis Hawk is pouring over hours of security footage from around the globe when she makes a major discovery . Dem , come here . You have to see this . Every single person on the entire planet lost consciousness at the exact same period of time , right ? Right . Okay . So ... This was in Detroit . Right there . Look right there . - No way . - Yeah . Who the hell is that ? And why are they awake ? This man , who appears to be the only person awake during the blackout , becomes known as suspect zero . - What do you got ? - Got an 8 year old boy . Ped versus car , plowed straight through a fence at an elementary school . Okay , let 's get him into trauma . You 're gonna be okay , honey . - I know , Olivia . - How did you know my name ? As a trauma surgeon , Dr. Olivia Benford is used to dealing with life and death situations - on a daily basis . - He 's in v-tach . No pulse . Damn it . Code cart and a MIG of epi . - Let 's go ! Let 's go ! - However , since the blackout , she 's been unable to shake what she saw in h flash-forward , comforted only by the fact that she doesn 't know the man from her vision . But her fears are soon realized ... Dr. Benford , I 'm Lloyd Simcoe . When she meets the father of Dylan , the young autistic child who mysteriously knew her name . I 've been camped out at my son 's bedside for three days , waiting to meet this mysterious surgeon who apparently saved his life . Hey , honey . You are in excellent hands with Dr. , um , Varley . Although she recognizes him , it seems that Lloyd doesn 't recognize her . I never saw her face . I was in a house ... not my own house . - I heard a woman 's voice . - Hey , honey . I turned towards it ... And it was over . But I knew that she was important to me somehow . His name is Lloyd Simcoe . - His son is ... - His son 's your patient . - This man means nothing to me . - For now . The future 's happening , Livy . What if we just saw a possible future , like a warning ? Although certain she will never cheat , Lloyd 's continued presence at the hospital still makes Olivia nervous . Dr. Benford . Ah , you know , I 've been sitting here , thinking of a way to tell my son that his mother is dead . Well ... However you tell him , just be sure to tell him you love him . Is parenting really that simple ? It 's the only simple part . And it seems that fate finds a way to continue bringing them together when Dylan goes missing from the hospital on Halloween and shows up at the Benford house . - What 's your name ? - My name is Dylan . Does your dad know you 're here ? This is my house , too . Go ahead . It 's your house , too . - Hey , Dylan . - Hi , Charlie . Charlie , do you ... do you know Dylan from school ? No . He 's just my friend . - Hello . I think my son is here . - Come on in . - My God , are you all right ? - He seems fine . He just slipped out the hospital . I ... - Thank you for taking such good care of him ... - Sure . - Uh , Mr ... - Benford . Mark Benford . And I didn 't catch your name . - Lloyd . Trick or treat ! Oh . And at that moment , - Lloyd realized that Olivia ... - Hey , honey . Is the woman in his flash-forward . You 're her . What 's going on ? Dylan came here . - Why ? - This is my house , too . - Now I understand . - What ? Why I made her ... why I made you so ... - Uncomfortable ? - Yes . The presence of Lloyd and Dylan further strains Mark and Olivia 's relationship . - You said you had Dylan moved off your rotation . - I did . Then why are you listed as the attending on his wristband ? - Just be honest . - I 'm asking you the same thing . Are you hiding anything from me ? And Mark finally tells Olivia the secret he 's been keeping about his vision . In my flash-forward ... I was drinking . Wow . All we 've been through with your drinking ... That still hurts . I 'm not going through it again . With their relationship in turmoil , Mark returns to the office to find a troubled Demetri . Everybody saw something . Everybody had some kind of a vision . I didn 't see a damn thing , Mark . Maybe it means you 'll be sleeping six months from now . Stop , all right ? We 're both thinking the same thing , so let 's just say it . What if I didn 't see anything because six months from now ... I 'm gonna be dead ? FBI Agent Demetri Noh is recently engaged to his fianciée Zoey . And when they 're reunited after e blackout , he is worried about telling her the truth about his lack of a flash-forward . Now can I tell you about what I saw ? Okay . It was our wedding . Everything was perfect . You saw me there ? Yeah . Did you see me ? Yeah . Of course I saw you . But Demetri won 't be able to hide the truth for long . This is Demetri . Mr. Noh , I 'm calling in response to your Mosaic board posting . I was reading an intelligence briefing , and ... I am sorry . There is no delicate way to say this , but ... on March 15th , 2010 ... You are going to be murdered . What ? What the hell are you talking about ? My hope is by telling you what I know , you will be able to prevent your murder from happening . Your briefing ... did it say who killed me ? - I 'm afraid not . - What kind of briefing was this ? I 'm sorry , Mr. Noh . I have to end this call now . No , wait , wait . Hello ? Hello ? ! - After the mysterious phone call ... - Hello ? Hello ? Demetri decides to come clean about what he didn 't see . I told you I saw myself on the beach at our wedding . That was a lie . I didn 't see anything . I didn 't have a flash-forward because I 'm gonna be dead . I love you . You are the life that I wanted . We can have that life . We have two conflicting visions . We can choose which one we wanna belive in . I choose hope . But Zoey 's hope is extinguished when she attends a colleague 's memorial and realizes that what she saw in her vision was not a wedding . It was actually Demetri 's funeral . As Zoey deals with this devastating realization , Mark and Demetri try to stop it from happening by tracking another clue from Mark 's board , the mysterious D. Gibbons , to Utah . Our unsub D. Gibbons is blowing out of town . We got a chopper waiting . Go for benford . D. Gibbons never even picked up his ticket . When D. Gibbons appears to be a no-show , Demetri begins to doubt the significance of Mark 's leads . - Maybe these future clues of yours are just ... - Bogus ? Coincidences happen all the time . That 's why they 're called coincidences . Sheriff , what is that place there ? Divine doll , a mom-and-pop operation . - It 's vacant now . - In my vision , - there was a photo of a doll next to a card with the name ... - D. Gibbons . You telling me that 's a coincidence , too ? - I thought you said this place was vacant . - It 's supposed to be . They find D. Gibbons , but he is ready for them . - D. Gibbons , get down ! - Freeze ! Don 't move ! " He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over . " Even though D. Gibbons gets away , what he leaves behind provides the team with valuable information about the day of the blackout . D. Gibbons made a series of six calls . The sixth call was placed 30 seconds into the blackout . - I traced it . - D. Gibbons is on the phone with somebody else - during the blackout . - Yes , but not just any somebody . D. Gibbons was talking to suspect zero . And then there were ... two . I had a bad dream . What do you mean ? Did you see something scary ? " D. Gibbons is a bad man . " I 've been going through some really heavy things recently , but I saw a glimpse of my future , and everything has changed for me now . It 's like a sign from God or something . Before the blackout , Olivia 's surgical intern Bryce Varley was dealing with a diagnosis of terminal cancer . I 'm gonna be straight with you , Bryce . - We 're running out of options . - How long have I got ? And on the day of the blackout , believing his fate is sealed , Bryce makes a life-altering choice . But his plans are interrupted ... You 're really here . Please sit with me . An interruption that changes his destiny . Since the blackout , things are different now . I 'm gonna be okay . I 've got something to live for . Who 's the woman ? Before the blackout , Keiko , the mysterious woman from Bryce 's flash-forward , was a robotics engineer in Japan although successful in her career , she felt unfulfilled in her life . Thank you for joining us . It 's an honor , Mr. Nakahara . Please serve us our tea . You 're the only woman in the department . They 're not going to hire another just to serve tea . I was hoping that if I could figure out what this symbol meant , then I might be able to find her . - It 's kanji . It 's a Japanese letter . - What 's it mean ? " Believe . " Nicole , the Benfords ' babysitter , had a darker vision that leads her to volunteer at the hospital , where she becomes close with Bryce . Benjo wa doko ... desu ka Los Angeles ? You just said " where is the toilet , Los Angeles ? " Let me see that book a sec . It 's so cool you 're learning a whole language for someone you haven 't even met . But I am gonna meet her . I know it . Wow . I 'm hearing myself , and I sound crazy . But it 's a good kind of crazy . Love crazy . You can 't quit ! Mom ... I am not a child anymore . Back in Japan , Keiko is searching for something more and decides to change the course of her life , despite the wishes of her parents . You would be lucky to have Mr. Ito for your husband . There 's somebody else out there for me . If you can 't respect your family and our wishes ... Maybe you shouldn 't live here . Meanwhile , Bryce has no idea where to find the woman until a patient links her to a restaurant outside Tokyo . So Bryce takes a leap of faith and goes to find her . And luck shines on him as someone from the restaurant recognizes the woman as Keiko . That 's Keiko . Do you know where I can find her ? Is this your daughter ? Please , I came all the way from Los Angeles . Keiko , please . Go away ! Before I call the police ! But when his luck runs out , he turns to Nicole for comfort . I 'm such an idiot . I travel more than 5,000 miles because of a t-shirt ? What was I thinking ? You were thinking you were gonna find the woman you love . Sometimes you just gotta be patient . Isn 't that how love works ? I don 't know . Maybe I misinterpreted the whole thing . Maybe it 's ... it 's just ... - some kind of fantasy . - Bryce , come home . Come home . Welcome to Los Angeles . And little did Bryce know it seems his destiny followed him home , showing that sometimes you can 't rush fate ... Or love . While Bryce moves towards his future , the Mosaic investigation receives a tip about massive crow deaths e day of the blackout . There . See that dip ? Crows died all over the world during the blackout . Look and see if there were any other instances of crow populations plummeting like this . Somalia 1991 ... all the crows died on the same day . - Who cares ? - Wait , wait , wait , wait . " C.D.C. Doctors travel to the Ganwar region in response to claims that the inhabitants suffered a mass loss of consciousness . " Janis , we 've been so worried the blackout might happen again . We haven 't stopped to ask ourselves , what if it happened before ? This breakthrough gives Mark renewed hope that he can find the cause of the global blackout . As Mark is looking to the past for answers , the government is focusing on the problems of the present . Please be seated . And FBI Assistant Director Stanford Wedeck brings his team to D.C. to defend the Mosaic program . Today 's hearings have been convened to address redirecting funds to the most promising leads and dropping investigations which are not producing results . Agent Wedeck is currently running an interesting investigation that has diverged significantly from the methodology employed by the rest of the Bureau . Wedeck quickly finds himself in hostile waters when he faces an old adversary ... senator Jane Clemente . You wanna go after me ? You give it your best shot . - But Mosaic ... - Is a joke . Not everyone 's visions are going to come true . Most people don 't agree . I saw myself as president in six months . It 's a nice thought , isn 't it ? Tensions continued to rise when Mark takes the stand . In my flash-forward , the L.A. office seemed to be at the center of the blackout investigation . I 'm just trying to understand . Why is everything in your recollection so hazy and disjointed ? Well , that Clemente is a hard-ass . Yeah , but , you know , when you hear it laid out like that , it does sound questionable . It sounds like we consulted the psychic network - for clues or something . - Oh , thanks for the support . Mark 's testimony leaves many questions , and wedeck blackmails the president ... an old friend ... to insure his project 's survival . Clemente is going to cut off the funding unless you stop her , so ... stop her . And the negative goes into the shredder . You can only play this card once , you know . You sure you wanna play it now ? Now 's all I got . But everything comes at a price . Tonight , the president says he has nominated Senator Clemente for Vice President ... - I don 't get this town . - Everything 's a trade-off . After risking everything based on Agent Benford 's vision , wedeck finally confronts him . You 're story 's got more holes than a kitchen sponge . Why can 't you remember everything ? I 've been sober seven years , and I have zero intention of ever taking another drink again . But I can 't change what I saw . Everything okay in here ? Everything 's fine . It 's , uh , celebration time . What are we celebrating ? - I got us our funding . - As Mark deals with the repercussions of his alcoholism , his friend Aaron is struggling with the tragic death of his daughter . My daughter Tracy was 5 ' 5 " , 118 pounds . When the Marines shipped her remains from Afghanistan , they weighed 37 . So ... yeah . I took a drink that night . What he sees in his flash-forward contradicts what he believes about her death . Tracy was killed in Afghanistan , but in my flash-forward , she 's alive . You 're worried your future 's gonna come true . I 'm worried mine won 't . But as it turns out , Aaron should have trusted his flash-forward all along . Hi , dad . As the investigation continues , more and more people submit their flash-forward stories - to the Mosaic web site . - How many postings so far ? 900,000 and counting . Everybody 's got a story . And for every dark story , there is one of hope . You know , I 've never even had the urge to have a baby . There I was ... some blonde woman giving me an ultrasound . Maybe she saw you , too . Maybe she 's out there somewhere , - waitin ' for you to post something . - Why not ? There . As Janis begins to contemplate her future ... Outside forces are conspiring against the Mosaic team . Hey , Mark . Just wanted to share some good news with you . We 've got our funding . Mosaic 's still alive . Mark ? Get out ! Let 's go ! Hello ? But it seems the future Janis is coming to accept might not be as clear as she once thought . - Tell me . - It 's a girl . When I got shot ... We got a gunshot wound to the abdomen . We need to set up a peripheral . The bullet bounced around all over the place . The only thing they said they could do without taking the whole thing out ... Olivia did this thing called a b-lynch . There 's no guarantee that a b-lynch - will contain the bleeding . - But with all the scarring ... It gives her a fighting chance - of still having a normal , healthy uterus . - Barely . They said that it 's gonna be almost impossible ... Why am I crying ? I never even wanted to have a baby . It 's gonna be all right . While Janis recovers , Demetri and Agent Al Gough try to identify her attackers . Do you mind ? Got no I.D. , no cell phone , no keys . No fingerprints . We got nothing . - Demetri . - What ? - You 're acting kinda weird . - Listen , Al , you 've been acting kinda weird for a couple of weeks yourself . Do you want to talk about our feelings , - or do you want to get back to work ? - Work sounds good . As they looked closer at one of the bodies , they discover a clue from Mark 's board . A hand ... a blue hand . When Mark had you pin the blue hand card to the board , he knew it was somehow related to the word " Baltimore . " - So you believe in these visions now ? - It 's complicated . Demetri and Al followed that lead to a mysterious house ... FBI ! Where they find multiple suicide victims with blue hands . Bullet trajectories are consistent with self-inflicted gunshot wounds . Well , when I found out all three vics committed suicide , I cross-referenced their visions on Mosaic . Turns out they 're all ghosts . People who didn 't see anything in their flash-forwards ... that 's what they call themselves . None of them had visions , and now they 're all dead . Am I the only one who finds that disturbing ? No , you 're not . Check this out . " The blue hand . No limits . No fear . A place where ghosts can gather to embrace the inevitable . " A death club ? Like a book club with bullets . Whatever it is , the guy who shot Janis is a part of it . We need to find these people , figure out who they are - and shut them down . - The team tracks down - the location of the club 's next meeting ... - Here we go . And apprehends their leader ... Reynaud . FBI ! Get down ! Uhh ! FBI ! Get down ! Everybody down ! Turn around . Turn around ! I want this to end . Not today . Not today . With Reynaud in custody , the team interrogates him , looking for a connection to the men who attacked Janis . It 's all mapped out . Don 't you understand ? - What if you 're wrong ? - What then ? You can run and you can hide , but you can 't escape what 's coming . But not everyone believes that the future can 't be changed . Ever since the blackout , Al Gough has been conflicted about what to do regarding his vision . - Hey , Demetri . - Yep ? I left something on your desk . Can you make sure it gets into the right hands ? Yeah . - In Al 's flash-forward ... - Hello ? Al , I , um , I just got off the phone with the hospital . He finds out he is responsible for the death of a woman named Celia . I 'm sorry , Al . She 's gone . " Dear Celia , I don 't know your last name , but I know you have two young boys ... " Those two boys are orphans ... Because of me ? " And I know you didn 't have a flash-forward I understand how terrifying that is and how powerless have you must be feeling . But I want you to know that you are not alone . " Stop . Stop . Although he has never met this woman and has no idea how or when he will cause her death ... Al ! Al ! Al ! No , no , no , no ! Al ! Al goes to drastic lengths to make sure his flash-forward does not come true . - We can fix this . - Come on , Al . It can happen anytime , anywhere . I don 't even know how it happens . But if I 'm not here ... it means we can change things . Al , please get down . What I saw ... I killed her . What you saw ... Doesn 't have to play out that way . Al , listen to me . Celia 's death was an accident , okay ? There 's nothing you could 've done to avoid this . Al ! Al ! Al ! Al ! No , no , no , no ! As word of Al Gough 's death spreads , people begin to realize that maybe the future can be changed . They all saw FBI Agent Al Gough alive and well on April 29th . - We can 't take what we saw for granted . - Okay . This is a new world , this is a new day , and I just think we need to take a moment and let that sink in . You know , we can change what we saw . Everything 's back to being up to us again . But not everyone shared this optimism . What do you want ? You disappear to Los Angeles . You don 't return my calls . I 'm worried about you . We all are . - I don 't want to see any of you right now . - We have to talk . Our experiment killed 20 million people , Simon . What more is there to say ? Lloyd Simcoe 's partner , Dr. Simon Campos , is a world-renowned quantum physicist . Do an image search for " quantum physicist genius . " Which popped up first ... me winning the Robert Wilson award or the jaunty one of me holding lab goggles over my genitals ? Since the blackout , Lloyd has been avoiding him , so Simon decides to stop by the hospital to pay him a visit . I still have doubts as to the cause of the blackout . Our experiment killed 20 million people , Simon . The world has been upended . We have to go public and tell the world that we caused the blackout . We are here today because we believe that the global blackout was precipitated by our experiment . - How can that be ? - Please . Please . We contend that there was no way to predict anything like this happening . Scientists conduct experiments all the time . We simply cannot stop conducting experiments because we are not 100 % sure of the results . If this guy caused the blackout , what 's that mean for Mosaic ? - This game over ? - Game 's not over . To prove his innocence , Simon shows up at the FBI , offering to help the investigation . So you 're here to turn yourself in ? I do not believe we caused the blackout . Any idea who is responsible then ? I 'm certain if you allowed me access to your Mosaic investigation I could divine the answer for you . - So you want to be deputized ? - These are highly classified images , so we 've obscured anything - that would indicate where they were taken . - Somalia . The orientation of the flora , the shallow water holes ... - just tell us what you see . - I designed that . That is a specialized pulsed laser for a plasma afterburner . I must say , the modeling software you guys use is incredibly impressive . The structure almost looks real . - That is a real structure . - That 's not possible . The technology doesn 't exist yet . We 're still running numerical simulations . When did you come up with the idea for the laser ? '92 . Why ? Well , that photograph was taken in 1991 . Meanwhile , Mark and his team are starting to believe there are other forces at work . D. Gibbons knew we were coming . You unearthed the Somalia photos . Five minutes later we 're getting shot at . Whoever we 're investigating knows what we 're doing before we do it . You think we 've got a mole . We ... have a mole . Two men with assault rifles are gonna get into this building five months from now , - and someone 's gonna let ' em in . - The team then gets a tip about one of the men from Mark 's vision ... the man with the 3-star tattoo ... and they decide to set a trap for him . We catch these guys tonight , we can finally put a face on our enemy . Sabre-2 , we have a breach . Sabre-2 ... all units , surround the perimeter ! Nobody gets out ! Freeze ! Mark ! We can 't interrogate a dead man . Mark thinks that by killing this one man , he will change the course of the future . Maybe April 29th 's just gonna be another day at the office now . But it might not be that simple , as unbeknownst to Mark , there are others with the same tattoo . There is no delicate way to say this , but ... on March 15th , 2010 , you are going to be murdered . At the FBI , the team discovers a new development ... We 've come up with a potential lead . Listen to this . I stripped away everything but the background noise . That should lead them to the woman who told Demetri of his faith . We found the " symphony of lights , " the world 's largest outdoor light and music show . Plays every night Hong Kong harbor . Wanna take a little trip ? When Mark and Demetri arrive in Hong Kong against Wedeck 's orders , they learn they are not welcome . You really should answer your cell . It 's your boss calling . Marshall Vogel , FBI Legats office , Hong Kong . Did you really think you were just gonna stroll into town without immigration flagging your arrival ? So you 're here to offer your help is what you 're saying . " Go home " is what I 'm saying . If you catch the first flight back , your jobs might actually still be there waiting for you . Hi , cupcake . - You two are disobeying a direct order ! - I lied to Demetri . I told him you changed your mind about us coming out here . Merry Christmas . - Why 'd you tell him you lied to me ? - Because if things go south , you 're definitely gonna need to keep carrying a gun . Ignoring Vogel 's warning , Mark and Demetri track down Nhadra , the woman from Demetri 's phone call . Tell me who you are . I said you will be shot three times , shots at close range . Which means I probably know my killer . In fact , you do ... You , Agent Benford . You will pull the trigger and then again and then again . Now you 've got what you 've come for . No . Come on . I have more questions . I am done giving you answers . It 's time for you to leave . Don 't . You 're coming with us right now . Thinking Nhadra is the key to Demetri 's survival , Mark takes matters into his own hands ... - What are we doing ? ! - Move ! But he quickly finds himself in the middle of a life-and-death standoff . Hey , Mark . This woman is a material witness to a murder . There 's been no murder . - But there will be . - Will there , Agent Benford ? Let her go . Mark . Put your hands behind your back ! - This isn 't over . - It never is . What Mark doesn 't know is that Nhadra has been creating a Mosaic board of her own ... Coming here was a mistake . I can 't protect you . And is in contact with the mysterious D. Gibbons . Then I 'll just have to find someone who can . Without getting the answers they were seeking , Mark and Demetri are forced to leave Hong Kong . You 're not Legats . If you were Bureau , you never would have let us get off the plane . And after what went down in that alley , this whole thing stinks like a company job . Well , we prefer the term Central Intelligence Agency . I hate to break it to you , but Mosaic is bigger than you ... bigger than the FBI , bigger than any one country 's intelligence organization . You 're just a ... a tiny speck , Mark . You know what I 'm staring at ? I 'm watching the security camera feed of your amazing pooch-screw - in Hong Kong . - Stan ... Shut up . You 've succeeded in changing the future . Mark doesn 't hesitate , turning over the gun that will kill his partner ... Wedeck 's orders . And his badge . Looks like we finally have something in common . Neither of us are FBI . At the hospital , despite Olivia 's attempts to distance herself from Lloyd , the two are drawn together once again . - So you went to Harvard in ' 98 ? - Yeah . I was supposed to go to Harvard in ' 98 . H ... have you heard of the many worlds interpretation ? - No . - Basically , the idea is anything that could have happened in our past actually did happen in some other universe . If you buy the theory , I suppose in some other universe you did go to Harvard ... Hmm . And we did meet . But the harder some try to avoid the future , the more inevitable it becomes . And the world struggles with the knowledge of what they have seen or not seen , some embrace hope while others a new life . Some welcome their destiny , while others refuse to surrender . And some people are drawn together , - only to be ripped apart . - Come here . - Wait , wait . Hang on there . - It 's okay . Hold on , buddy . - Hey ! Hey , guys ! Let go of his arm . - No ambo ! No ! No ! No ! No , no , no ! Please , please , please don 't hurt her . Get in the van , Mr. Simcoe . No ! Just go ! - Dylan ? - No ! Dad ! No , dad ! In the end , one question remains ... can you change your future ?
