 The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 ... You 're the alternative we need to Collier and his promicin-pushing radicals . Does that mean you 'll run for city council ? It means I 'm gonna run and I 'm gonna win . I intend on attacking you right up until the day of the election . There are a lot of people out there that are afraid of what you represent . I have my eye on something greater than just city council . - You hate all the 4400 . - So what if I do ? I have reason to believe that you 're capable of terrible things , and that you have an evil living inside of you . I 'm supposed to eliminate the 4400 . All this talk of a catastrophe the 4400 are supposed to prevent ? - It 's lies . - So you keep telling me . Everything in that book is going to come true . Collier will lead the human race to salvation . You will help him . I found the guy for the job . His name 's Robert Shaftoe . Ex-Marine . Dead-eye sniper . He did some work for our ... organization , out of Kansas City . If you want someone killed , until they 're completely dead , then Shaftoe 's your man . Sounds good . Bring him in . Are you sure you wanna go through with this ? Because once I bring Shaftoe through that door , there 's no going back . The target ... is a dead man . - Completely . - Oh , my God . Come on , the acting , the dialogue , this is horrendous . - Marco , why are we watching this ? - Just , shh ... The best part 's coming up . The assignment is dangerous . In fact , it might be the most dangerous assignment you 've ever been assigned . But if you succeed , the danger will be worth it . And the rewards ? They will be worth ... the danger . Danger is my business . Consider the target dead . Completely ... dead . That 's our guy . That 's Curtis Peck . He 's an original recipe 4400 . Correction ... - He 's our favorite original recipe . - Before he disappeared , Curtis wrote , directed , and starred in horror movies . Real low-Budget stuff . You know , the sets were mostly in his house . The actors ? Pretty much just his friends and family . Really ? I never would have guessed . After he came back , Curtis kept on making movies , but he shifted genres . Each one of his movies is about an unsolved mystery . He did one about Jimmy Hoffa 's disappearance . He filmed a costume drama in his backyard about the lost colonies at Roanoke . You just saw his take on JFK 's assassination . That 's great , Marco . I 'm glad this guy has a hobby . It 's not just a hobby . Some people think that making these films - is Curtis 's 4400 ability . - Come on , guys , you 're not telling us that that movie ... tells us what really happened to president Kennedy ? There 's no way to know for sure , but , I mean , there really is an ex-Marine named Robert Shaftoe , and he really was in Dallas on november 22nd , 1963 . You can 't prove Curtis is right , but you also can 't deny that his theories are compelling . Some people want to think everything is a conspiracy , and I 'm sure that this guy is really appealing to them , but , Marco , we 've got a lot of stuff on our plate , and we just don 't have time to look into something that might be a 4400 ability . Don 't think I could sit through another one of those movies . We didn 't ask you down here to tell you about his ability . Curtis disappeared . Nobody can find him . About 10 days ago , he stopped posting on his myspace page . We noticed , so we tried to get in touch with him . He 's not picking up the phone , he 's not answering emails . I know , I know , no big deal , right ? I wasn 't really worried until he missed his last NTAC check-in . Curtis Peck has dropped off the map . Somebody should look into it . - What is this place ? - I don 't know , Cassie just said we should come here . I think it 's an old bomb shelter . We should be safe here . It doesn 't look like anyone 's been here in years . I don 't understand why we came to Seattle . We just led a hundred people into a city where everyone 's looking for us . Nobody has a place to stay . Nobody knows what to do next . Are you telling me this is the answer ? - This place is a mess . - We 'll repair it . Thank you for finding this for us . You have a truly extraordinary ability . Get everyone settled in . This place is perfect . We begin here . How much you wanna bet we 're about to wake up a man with a crushing hangover ? Curtis ! Curtis Peck ! You think someone broke into the place ? Maybe , or else this guy 's as bad at housekeeping as he is at making movies . It doesn 't look like anything 's missing . All his video equipment is sitting here . Are you looking for Curtis ? Yes , we are . We 're from NTAC . - Do you know him ? - Of course . I 'm Neal Handler . I live around back . I 'm Curtis ' neighbor . And ... his collaborator . I 'm proud to say I 've been in more of his movies than anyone else . - Yeah , we 've ... seen your work . - Thank you . I haven 't seen Curtis in a few days . Is he all right ? Well , that 's what we 're trying to find out . Do you know if Curtis had any enemies , or anyone who might want to break into his house ? Enemies ? Take your pick . The CIA , the mafia ... the freemasons . Curtis exposed a lot of people . So you ... you believe his movies are real ? Of course . That 's why they brought him back in a ball of light . To tell the truth to a reluctant world ! I 'll tell you what , though , if someone did toss this place , I can guarantee you they didn 't find what they were looking for . Curtis has ... a secret hiding place . He keeps his journal in there . All his script notes . Could you show it to us ? We just want to help out your friend , That 's all . We really like his movies , too . I mean , we just saw the one on JFK , and it was ... good . You were really good . It 's here . Here . Curtis uses those for inspiration . If you 're watching this , then that means I 'm in trouble . Deep trouble . Don 't believe anything you hear about a car accident or a suicide . If I 'm gone , it 's because they came after me . I have an idea for a new movie . It 's big . It 's so big , it 's going to change everything if I get to make it , and that 's what they 're scared of . That 's them . They 're here now . You need to know , Jordan Collier ... the 4400 ... they 're not the ones you should be scared of . There 's something else out there , something worse , ... it 's much worse , and they 're coming for me now . Season 4 - Episode 06 The Marked Benj ! aSpro5oo ... consider the target dead . Completely dead . According to Curtis , Jimmy Hoffa was buried in the Florida everglades . If you really believe that , you should read this . I ran a background check on Curtis . He owes money to credit card companies , the IRS . He 's three years behind on his alimony payments . I talked to his ex-wife . She moved to Wisconsin just to get away from Curtis . She hasn 't heard from him in nine months . Look , if anybody 's coming after this guy , it should be ... creditors , or movie critics . But he has almost 6 figures of outstanding debt . Isn 't it possible he just skipped town ? I don 't know . He looked genuinely scared at the end of that video we found , and I don 't think Curtis is a good enough actor to fake that . Besides ... if making movies is really his 4400 ability ... aren 't you even just a little bit curious ? Don 't you want to know what 's out there that 's bigger than Jordan Collier ? Until we have evidence that tells me this guy 's legit , all I want to do is make sure he 's okay . Look at the credits . Ever since Curtis got back , his movies have been produced by a guy called Stuart Henley . I checked him out . He 's a retired lawyer . He lives nearby . Maybe he 'd know something about Curtis ' latest movie idea . It 's worth a shot . At the very least , I 'd like to look into the eyes of the man who put up ... good money to pay for " I dismembered Jimmy Hoffa " . No , I don 't think that my announcement that I intend to run for mayor will mean that I 'll be spending less time monitoring Shawn Farrell 's candidacy . If anything , I think that the mayor 's office would allow me a stronger platform with which to oppose him ... Mr. Farrell ? - This just came by messenger . - Thank you . We 're going to be working together every day . You can call me Shawn . Hey , Shawn ... it 's Kyle . Where are you ? I 've been worried about you . I 'm fine , man . I 'm better than fine , actually . I 'm as good as I 've been in a long time . Did you get the package ? You sent this ? We did . Look , it 's really important , man . You need to read the whole thing before your meeting . What meeting , Kyle ? Jordan 's nearby . He wants to see you . You 're with Jordan ? What does he want to see me about ? It 's important , okay ? Call me on this number after you finish the book . We 'll send someone to come get you . Mr. Henley ? I can hear a radio playing inside , and I swear I heard someone moving around . Mr. Henley ! He 's back here . Stuart Henley , wait ! Just wait ! I promise I won 't tell anybody ! - Don 't kill me ! - Just relax . - Nobody 's going to kill you . - We 're from NTAC . We 're just trying to locate Curtis Peck . You won 't find him . They got to him . Who are they ? Why 'd you run from us ? What are you so scared of ? The people from Curtis ' movie ... " The Marked " . That 's the name of his movie ? Can you tell us about it ? About a month ago , he came to me , said he had an idea for a new movie , called " The Marked " . He said it was his biggest film yet . I was fascinated , so I asked him to make me a short trailer . I like to see what the movie 's about before I write a check . He gave me the trailer about two weeks ago . Do you still have a copy ? And you 're more than welcome to it , because ... if what Curtis is saying is true , Then I wish to God I had never watched it . This is the world . Look familiar ? It should , and it shouldn 't . We all know it changed forever when the 4400 came back . Their mission ? They were sent back by the future to stop a catastrophe . But not everyone from the future thought they were a good thing . There 's a faction of elites who want the future to stay exactly as it is . I call them ... The Marked . 10 agents from the future , inserted into the bodies of 10 prominent people from today . Their bodies and minds have been hijacked to pursue the agenda of the future . Their goal ? To guide world events ... and to stop the 4400 . The only evidence they exist ? a mark behind their left earlobe . The remnant of the procedure that grafted a new consciousness onto their victims . My movie , " The Marked " , will tell the chilling tale of this global conspiracy . It will name names , starting with the appearance of the first marked , a man named ... Matthew Ross . Matthew Ross was a lobbyist with access to Jordan Collier . After he was marked , his job was to guide The Marked 's ultimate weapon , Isabelle Tyler , into accepting her role as the agent of the 4400 's destruction . Isabelle , I told you . You have to accept your role as the agent of the 4400 's destruction . But everything did not go according to plan . I don 't think so , Matthew . Today 's graduation day , and you 're ... my diploma . But The Marked do not accept defeat lying down . They continue to plan . They have their greedy fingers on the marionette strings of the world , and we , their puppets , don 't even know it . The group gathered for the first time at the behest of Drew Imroth . That 's right . The CEO of the biggest software company in the world is one of The Marked . I know it 's dangerous for us all to meet like this , but the information I have is important ... Very , very important . It better be important , Mr. Imroth . It 's easter . Do you know how hard it is to get away from the vatican at easter ? Take it down a notch , your eminence . I have big news . Jordan collier is back , and we need to stop him ... completely stop him . " The Marked " . A direct market thriller available in all territories in 2008 . I am so buying that movie . So either that 's the ramblings of a madman , or Curtis Peck has just exposed the biggest conspiracy of all time . According to that movie , Matthew Ross was one of these guys , The Marked , and Isabelle Tyler killed him . And we always wondered if that were true . What about Imroth ? I mean , the CEO of Ubient Software is supposed to be some kind of double agent from the future ? Everyone always says that company is trying to take over the world . Now we know it 's true . The only thing we know for sure is that Curtis Peck is a horrible , horrible film-maker . Though , I do have to admit , there are a bunch of questions I 'd like to ask him . But since he 's in the wind , I guess we 'll have to settle for his producer . Get Stuart Henley in here . Mr. Henley , it 's Diana Skouris from NTAC . We need to talk . Can you open up ? It smells like exhaust . Stand back . No big surprises in the coroner 's preliminary reports , Stuart Henley died of carbon monoxide poisoning . There 's no suicide note , but there 's no sign of foul play either . So ... do you really think he committed suicide ? Henley was an odd guy . I mean , He 'd have to be to pay for Curtis ' movies , so I guess it 's possible . But I don 't know , the timing seems off . Why would he commit suicide right after NTAC got in touch with him ? So , what then ? Executed by the marked ? I 'm not ready to go there yet . Yeah , me neither . But I ... I got a lot of questions . You know Drew Imroth is in that movie . Ubient 's based in Seattle . Maybe we can get in and see him tomorrow morning . And ask him what exactly ? Oh , I got it , " Excuse me . " When you 're not running the biggest computer company in the world , " are you by any chance involved in an enormous ... " intercontinental conspiracy ? " Maybe . Or maybe we could just ask him whether Curtis Peck ever tried to get in touch with him . Sounds good . I 'll see tomorrow . - What , you 're not going home ? - No , not for a while . Meghan asked me to put all this in an email . I told her I 'd get it off to her tonight . - Want a hand ? - No , I got it . Go ahead . Spend a little time with your daughter while she 's still awake . - Thanks . - Good night . We appreciate you taking the time to meet with us , Mr. Imroth . It 's really not a problem . I 'm a huge supporter of NTAC . You guys have tough jobs . Please , have a seat . I only wish I could be more helpful . I 've never heard of this guy . You said his name was Curtis Peck ? Yeah , that 's right . He 's a ... He 's a 4400 who ... who makes movies , and you , well , you 're a character in his latest film . Really ? Who plays me ? I always hoped it would be Jeff Goldblum . It 's more of a low-budget kind of thing . What 's it about ? Well , it 's interesting . It 's creative . It 's a global conspiracy in which agents from the future have taken over the bodies of ... prominent people from all around the world . I have to say , I 'm the subject of a lot of conspiracy theories , but that 's the most innovative one I 've heard yet . So , are you here to ask me if it 's true ? Because you have to figure I wouldn 't tell you even if it was . No , actually , we came to see you because Curtis Peck has gone missing . There 's a chance one of his investors may have been murdered . Oh , I 'm sorry to hear that . Should I be worried for my own safety ? No , we don 't think so , but if Curtis should try and get in touch with you , or if anyone should ask you about a movie called " The Marked " , could you get in touch with us ? - Absolutely . - Thank you . Is there anything else I can help you with ? Actually ... This may seem like a really strange request . Do you think we could take a look behind your left earlobe ? Let me guess , this has something to do with that movie . Have at it . Has that mole always been there ? Ever since I was born . My dermatologist tells me I have to keep an eye on it . So give it to me straight . Does this mean I 'm one of the ... What was the name of that movie ? " The Marked ? " Kyle , what 's with all the spy game stuff here ? Am I really this far outside of the Collier circle of trust ? It 's just a precaution . I need you to promise me that you 're not going to freak out , okay ? I would just like to take this thing off , please . Hi , Shawn . - What the hell is she doing here ? - She 's with us . It 's okay . She just wanted to talk to you before you saw Jordan . I 'm glad you 're awake ... and I 'm sorry . For everything . I know I was wrong , and I know what we had wasn 't love . Yeah , you 're right , it wasn 't . I don 't expect you to forgive me ... Ever ... But I just needed you to hear it . Well , there 's no one so far gone they can 't find their way back to the movement . Even if I told the world that you were wrong to hand out promicin ? I wasn 't surprised they had you speak against me . Politics is compromise . That 's why I never pursued it myself . I understand that you are wanting to build a bridge between positives and the rest of the world , but , Shawn , I 'm telling you , events are moving past that . We have big plans here , and when we 're finished , the 4400 won 't need the mainstream . The mainstream will come to us . Is that what your book told you ? I 've read it . Frankly , it scares me . Are you saying that you 're gonna bring God to the world ? If the word " God " frightens you , substitute " paradise " . We 're gonna make it happen , Shawn . You should be here with us . Yes , but who 's in charge of paradise ? How many martyrs will it take to create it ? Jordan , you 've done great things for the 4400 . You have done great things for me , but ... you are on the wrong path here . And you have always been rebellious . But I think you 're afraid of change , Shawn , or it is just me ? I 'm against anyone who wants to accumulate power that won 't tell me exactly what they wanna do with it . Not just you , anyone . There 's a man by the name of Gabriel Hewitt . He 's running for mayor . He 's dangerous . Maia Skouris saw him in a vision . He 's in charge of prison camps , and they 're rounding up 4400s . Even if I wanted to drop out of the race , even if I wanted to join you , I can 't , because I have to stop him . Well , it sounds like you have your hands full already . Good luck in your political career . I 'm sorry . I don 't know , but that birthmark behind Imroth 's ear ? It was definitely shaped like an " x " . Exactly like the ones in Curtis ' movies . It was weird , yes , but it could be a coincidence . We 're looking for a paranoid 4400 . That doesn 't mean we have to become paranoid ourselves . This man is here to see you . My name 's Walt Saperstein . I 'm a psychiatrist at Feeney Memorial . I have instructions to bring you to the hospital . You 're being placed under a 72-hour psychiatric hold . What ? Why ? You sent an email last night . It alleged some of the most powerful people in the world are united in some kind of conspiracy . No , it didn 't allege anything . It 's a summary of our work on a case . Well , nevertheless , someone in Washington read it . They 've reviewed your files , agent Baldwin . They 're worried - you 've had a psychotic break . - Shut up . You sent my email on to D.C. ? I do that every time we open a case . I 'm sorry . I never would 've done it if I knew this was gonna happen . Get your hands off me ! It 's only going to get worse for you if you put up a fight . It 's only temporary . You need to go with them . We 'll do everything we can to end this quickly . Fine . Well , I don 't understand . What do you mean that no one can get in to see him ? Well , how long is Tom going to be in isolation ? Okay , forget it . I 'll call back in the morning . Don 't move . What are you doing down here ? Don 't shoot me . I 'm the one you 're looking for . Curtis ? You 're alive . I am . If you can keep me that way , I 'll tell you all about The Marked . So how did you find me ? I 've been in hiding ever since I made that movie trailer . I knew they 'd be coming for me . My buddy , Neal , sent me an email after you and your partner came by my house . He thought I could trust you . What can you tell me about these people ? Well , not everything . I haven 't finished writing the script . That 's how my ability works . Ideas just jump into my head while I 'm writing , but I don 't know the whole story until I write the end . Let 's see , they don 't have abilities . The procedure doesn 't work that way . I do know that all 10 of them had a meeting in 2005 . That was the only time they were all together . It was in Tunis . That 's a city in North Africa . No other names other than Drew Imroth ? Not yet . That 's why I came to you . I need a safe place where I can write . You 're a fan of my movies . Cool . Yeah , I 've seen them all . Uh , it 's a pleasure to have you here . Yeah , you can work right there if you want . Thank you so much , Marco . I really appreciate this . We were careful on the way over here . We weren 't followed . It 's okay . I 'll keep him working . It 's been a while since you 've seen the inside of my place , huh ? We should make a pot of coffee . Do you mind staying up with me ? I like to have somebody I can ... bounce ideas off . Coffee . Hey , Joanna , I 'm going to need you to juggle around a couple of my healing appointments for today . What is it ? Gabriel Hewitt had a stroke last night . - What ? - It 's bad . I guess he has brain damage . They 're saying he 's going to have to resign his seat on the city council , and withdraw from the race for mayor . I just got off the phone with the hospital . Tom is fine . If I keep the pressure on , there 's a chance they may end his psych hold a day early . - What are you working on ? - You want me to tell you , or should I just put it an email ? That 's not fair . I had nothing to do with what happened to Tom . If I could 've stopped it , I would 've . Tom 's psych hold had nothing to do with his state of mind . We were getting close to something , and they sent us a warning . Who ? The people from Curtis ' movie , The Marked ? Well , I can 't prove that , but I do know that Drew Imroth was in Tunisia of June , 2005 . If The Marked ever gathered , that 's when it happened . At the same time , Wesley Burke was also there . The political advisor to the president ? What was he doing in Africa while the White House was gearing up for mid-term elections ? I don 't know , but he had company . That 's cardinal Emmanuel Calabria . Rumor is , he finished third in the last papal election . This is all interesting , but Drew Imroth heads up the world 's largest charitable foundation . He travels to Africa all the time , and these other guys , well ... Who knows why they were there . Well , I 'm going to find out , And I 'm also gonna learn who else was there to play that week . Let me know if I can help . The Marked have no way of getting in contact with the future . It 's a one-way ticket . They 're cut off here . Okay , Curtis , that 's very interesting , but there are no new names here . We need some facts and things that we can verify . They 'll come . I 'm on a roll . Tom , are you okay ? They did something to me , Diana . They changed me . Whoa , just take it easy . Where are you ? The hospital . They just let me out . Can you come and get me ? Are you sure it wasn 't there before ? I 'm positive . They did something to me last night , Diana . Those people who came into my room , They were dressed for an operation . They put something into me . What ? Like another person ? Another consciousness ? Hey , Tom , I don 't think it works that way . Curtis is working on his script right now , and according to him , The Marked are cut off from the future . They can 't just make more of them . Yeah , but one of them 's dead . Matthew Ross . What if they took whatever was inside of him and put it into me ? No , you can 't be sure of that . Tom , just ... please just tell me that you 're still you . I think so . I mean , for now , anyway . It 's crap . I can 't get this scene right . they 're at the meeting in Tunisia . They 're face to face for the first time . Imroth is introducing them to each other . I know what the scene is . I just can 't ... - nail it . - Look ... I have to think creatively for my job , too . I mean , I share an office with two of the most annoying guys on the planet . Believe me , I get stuck all the time . Know what I do ? I shut my eyes , and I think of song lyrics . Sounds dumb , right ? But I swear , it almost always works . What are you thinking of ? " The trooper " , Iron Maiden . Hey , whatever gets you going . Be right back . Did you do this ? Did you do this ? Did you order one of your followers to give Hewitt a stroke ? Have we grown that far apart ? You actually believe I 'm capable of that ? Jordan , I don 't know what you 're capable of anymore . All I know I that two days ago I came in here ad I told you that Hewitt as dangerous . Now he has brain damage and he probably won 't have a career . Then it looks like fate intervened on our behalf . You 're not answering my question . Because I find it offensive ! You 're the one who 's always saying that we 're at war . Why wouldn 't Hewitt just be another casualty to you ? Just like all those people that died taking your shot ? Those people made a choice . They knew the risks . I knew the risks . I did not order anyone to attack Gabriel Hewitt . I don 't believe you . I can 't begin to tell you how disappointing that is . Well , it 's true . That 's why I can 't follow you anymore . Did you see the license plate on the car that took him away ? I 'm sorry . What do we do now ? We need to tell Meghan , bring the whole building into this , hope we find Curtis before the worst happens . They just told me you were released . Are you okay ? Yeah , yeah . Pretty much . We were coming to see you . We need to talk to you about Curtis Peck . He came to me for protection a couple of nights ago . We tried to keep him safe , but we lost him . We think The Marked took him . Guys , Curtis Peck is in the building . He came in about an hour ago . He went straight down to NTAC medical for his checkup . Sorry I had to rush out . I know this is going to sound weird , but I got a call from this ... from this big movie producer who 's in town . He 's a big fan of my work . He offered me a deal to direct a big Hollywood movie . Don Incubus , demon P.I. It 's a comic book adaptation . It 's perfect for me . I 'm in business , guys . This is what I always wanted ! But , Curtis , what about the conspiracy ? - What about The Marked ? - You were almost done . You were just about to tell us all the names . The names ? Well , there are no names . Not really . I made the whole thing up . I 'm putting that project on the shelf . I couldn 't finish it . What , they got to you . they bought you off , huh ? You really believed that stuff , didn 't you ? Look , I 'm flattered , but you need to calm down . There 's no such thing as The Marked . Just like Robert Shaftoe didn 't shoot JFK . They 're just movies . So ... I 'm sorry I missed my checkups . It won 't happen again . Can I leave now ? I gotta pack . I 'm going to Hollywood . There 's nothing unusual there . I spent all afternoon in NTAC medical , and as far as they could tell , there 's nothing different with me . Well , that 's good , Tom . It 's all a mind game . They just want us to back off . Well , it 's not going to work . We 're gonna find out the truth about these people with or without Curtis Peck . Excuse me , agent Baldwin ? agent Skouris ? Sorry for the surprise . I asked my driver to make a detour . I can 't get that crazy movie idea out of my head . What was it called , The Marked ? You know damn well what it was called . I guess I do . I keep thinking what it would be like to actually be one of those guys . Imagine if you were stuck in the past , just cut off from your friends and your family . That 'd be quite a sacrifice , wouldn 't it ? They sound kind of like heroes to me . Well , heroes don 't have people killed , They don 't consume the personalities of innocent men and women . I don 't know exactly what The Marked are up to . I haven 't seen the movie . You never will now . No one will . Maybe it 's better that way . Seems to me their work would be best done in secret . If they are out there , I would think people like you would consider them , I don 't know , allies ? After all , they 'd have the same goal as you , right ? To stop Jordan Collier 's global revolution , and all the chaos and unrest that it could bring . I 'd just think of them as back-up . Valuable back-up . If ... - they exist . - That 's right . If they exist . Anyway , it was good to see you two again . I have to pick up my wife . We 're being honored at the world health organization tonight . Those look like x-rays . is everything okay with you ? It didn 't work . Whatever you tried to do to me , it didn 't take . I 'm still me . Of course you 're you . We 're all ourselves , aren 't we ? I mean , who else would we be ? He made you doubt me , didn 't he ? Your cousin , he made you doubt me . It 's just weird timing , Hewitt 's stroke . If you have something you want to ask me , Kyle , I 'll answer honestly . Was this you ? Did you have this done ? I did not . I believe you . I 'm sorry Shawn didn 't . I 'm sorry , too . Shawn was like a son to me , and I 've lost him . But I 've found you . Thank you . Don 't thank me , just change . I think we can rest easy . It 's all going to be fine . Tell the others that I went to see the NTAC agents . Baldwin thinks it 's some kind of ploy , a mind game ... When we need him , he will be there for us .
