 Alexei Podolsky - Aren 't you cold ? - No - Here , come on - Oh , don 't No " don 'ts " , it 's turned cold already , it 's windy Pyotr Mamonov Oh , I like it - Gran ... - Gran what ? Take a closer look at it . It 's party wear ... Gleb Mikhaylov Come here please Help me pick something for my grandson Something refined Larisa Pyatnitskaya lt 's out of fashion , can 't you see , Alyosha ? What d 'you mean , out of fashion ? It 's the height of fashion Of course I don 't know what youngsters wear these days , but it 's no good Psoy Korolenko lt 's small for you , and the picture 's really shocking . No , absolutely not Alyosha , take it off at once Dmitry Pimenov This one 's too warm . Take it off , Alyosha And it won 't keep the rain out Yes , it won 't keep the rain out Alexei Ageyev I won 't even look at that one , Alyosha lt 's a bit on the short side Lyolik Ushkin lt 's ladies wear Ladies wear ? People wear these , it 's not ladies wear . See , suits you fine ... It 's unisex , a universal t-shirt Now , I agree - a universal t-shirt And you can wear it all seasons my son . Winter , summer Rustaveli DUST Hi , scallywag Dropped by for a moment , not busy , are ya ? Seen the new video of ... ... oh , that funny little guy . Oh , you know who Well ? Nope What , don 't you watch telly ? Yeah , I do Then how come you haven 't seen it ? - You must have - Maybe I have Well , you 've either seen it or not I don 't know I haven 't watched it all , either Wanted to find out from you how it ends Shame you haven 't seen it But I think their last one was better Hey , what 's the time ? Around half nine , I guess Sugar ! I 'm running late . See you later See you later Good bye , Nina Ivanovna Hitler 's corpse is kept in the KGB 's safe Under the Kremlin a city found , inhabited by boblins and goblins Luzhkov and Zhivanetsky are brothers You 're my man I 'm a sex-machine ... Alyosha , get up Time to go to work Come on , get up , my boy Eat up , my boy And take more sugar in your tea . It 's good glucose Where are you going ? Eat it up - you 'll be out all day Now , that 's better .. lf it all goes well , these gentlemen will explain everything to you afterwards Ah , you 're here . Take off your gown and sit down All right . What 's your vision like ? Minus five , it used to be Ah , that 's quite poor ... Well , OK Don 't twist your head like that Take your t-shirt off Do some squats like in PE at school That 's enough - No reactions to any drugs ? - Don 't think so This is a questionnaire . Choose an answer and mark it with a cross Time - l 'm not finished yet . - Give it to me What on earth have you written here ? I asked you to mark it with crosses , not write words - Can I do it again ? - Don 't bother . Get dressed Hello , Alexei Victorovich I 've been looking forward to meeting you ... My name is Pavel Andreyevich I work at the Federal Security Service Special Department As you may have realised , we 've approached you for a reason We 've a very serious matter to discuss Here you are - a young worker , probably poorly paid Life costs a lot these days . Must have loads of reasons to worry Right ? Huh , dunno , don 't really spend that much Why , let 's face it , we 're well informed that most of the country 's population lives in poverty But Alexei Victorovich , tell us honestly ... without being sly Do you love the Motherland ? Don 't hurry . Have a think Today 's youth frequently go to all kinds of extremes Some try to copy the West all the time - in clothes , music , mass movements That really hurts , because Russia 's always been a country with great science and culture We 've always had a lot to teach the rest of the world But instead of surprising the world with our achievements many young people waste their time on all sorts of trash Right ? The other extreme is a falsely understood feeling of patriotism When young people get too radical in fighting " foreigners " thinking they 're defending Russia 's honour while in fact they 're disgracing her before the whole world All these nationalist extremists ... So few of today 's youngsters can claim to have benefited their Motherland Listen Have it ever occurred to you that simple guys like you even in our times , could do something really courageous for their country ? The thing is - you , Alexei Victorovich , have been selected for an extremely important and interesting experiment You could serve ... the nation 's science If it 's anything to do with chemistry ... or physics ... I wasn 't too good at chemistry at school lf l 'll need to dissolve anything ... Ah , you won 't need to do anything . You 'll be under research After the experiment , you 'll get 4 days sick leave And good money Ten thousand rubles . It 's like winning the lottery So , Alexei Victorovich , do you agree ? What , you mean , sort of , I can refuse ? Well , of course this should be your entirely voluntary offering to Russian Science Go on , say ' yes ' . Do it Think it over . We 'll wait Well I guess I 've decided And what 's your decision ? I guess it 's interesting ... Science ... I guess , I agree I didn 't expect anything less of you Now let 's get the paperwork done Go to this address after work , here 's a map of how to get there I 'll issue a pass for you - hand it in at the reception Listen Come over here How do we get to ... what 's it called ? Gnezdikovsky Lane Gnezdikovsky ? Umm lt 's in town ... Hey , get in , you 'll show us Well , I need to go in to town anyway You 're in luck So , where ? Where do we go ? Straight Can 't hear you ! Listen , where do we go , you cellulitey dupe ? Yes , I 'm talking to you Dumbo I think , go straight ... I got that , but where next ? Try turning right Turning right , or left ? Listen , make up your mind , for real , where l should turn I 've had enough of your bullshit - l think we should 've turned left . - You said turn right Listen , Vitaly , why the fuck you listening to this idiot ? Can 't you see what he is ? He 's a fag With a capital ' F' Yes , you What street is it ? Where have you taken us ? Maybe ask somebody ? Who ? A police officer Come on , Vitaly , get real , throw him fucking out He 's spoiling my appetite Come on , jump out ! Didn 't you get it ? I said fucking jump out , now ! It 's jerks like you made the mammoths die out Please , it 's over there A bird seated on a crest of arm . Let 's take another one A dog , not a cow , as some uneducated contemporary might think How many letters is it ? Your pass ! You 're late I got held up Go straight ahead , then left Two-star officer ... Sergeyev ! Why are you late ? - You see , I ... - Wait a moment ... Oleg , take more blood from his vein so that there 's enough for the biochemistry and the rest of the tests Yeah , got you Now we 'll try bt-3bc and at the end for forty seconds , then switch on the alpha Maybe it 'll be gentler And keep an eye on his blood pressure , his eyesight is poor Make sure it doesn 't turn out like last time - What , is he here ? - Yes Alexei , Hello Hello - How are you feeling ? - OK You sound sad - Are you upset about something ? - No Worrying ? Nah Come this way please Take an X-ray Don 't worry , Alexei , you 're a good guy We won 't do anything that might harm you Whatever happens to you , stay calm We 've got everything under control - Oleg , are you through ? - Yes Start it up Get undressed Over there , on the bench . Down to your underpants Come on When you hear the signal , get out No entry Sit down for a bit . Sit ... Alexei Do you hear me ? Yes How are you ? So Feeling a little weak ? Yes And how did you feel during the test ? Good What exactly felt good ? Alexei what was good there ? Was there no weakness ? No So what did you feel ? Power OK , what else ? Beauty OK , get dressed.You 're free to go Listen , this is really important Look at me I 'm going to tell you something very important lf you feel emotional discomfort sometime later you might feel depressed - then don 't worry Ring this number here - Did you hear what I said ? - Call this number Right . Our psychologists will talk to you But don 't come back here . Understand ? Do not come back here Alyosha get up Breakfast is ready Alyosha you gonna be late for work Get up , my boy What 's going on ? D 'you hear me ? Come on , don 't behave like a baby Get lost Oh my Lord ! They told me this would happen sooner or later Alyosha , have you tried drugs ? You 've overdosed. I 'll call a doctor ... Now , let 's see So , Alexei , what have you taken ? Pupils enlarged. I see We 're going to carry on the experiment Time you quit such experiments , young man He 'll be OK by tonight When did you notice this ? Just yesterday See he 's never even smoked . All boys smoke but not mine I think they forced him to ... Those drug barons forced him Drug barons ! Come on , nobody forces them . They do it themselves I 've read in the paper , the drug barons ... Today 's youth has no ideals . Look what 's happening on the streets Trading , trading , adverts , then more trading That 's why our youth is so feeble That 's why we have prostitution and drugs Yes , but my boy 's not like that Ah , they all say that Now , your generation was sturdier , united , dependable You survived the war , you had your Motherland And now ? You 'll see - you 'll outlive your grandson ! What terrible things you 're saying ! Pray it doesn 't happen ! Correct . You read my mind All that 's left is prayer lf God wills , they 'll survive , and if not - alas ! Medicine 's powerless to help them Here , I 'll leave you our brochure . Our church puts them out Come visit us on Tuesdays and Thursdays with your grandson We have young and old alike All one big family Thanks so much , doctor Good-bye Alyosha ! What happened yesterday ? Gran can you knock before entering ? Alyosha , what are we going to do ? The doctor came here What 'll we say at your workplace , Alyosha ? I 've got four days sick leave . Leave me alone OK , we 'll talk later Alyosha come and eat . There are sausages in the kitchen Lord , you haven 't eaten for so long - Hello , good afternoon . - Good afternoon I was given this number , you know , it 's about the experiment I was wondering ... Yes , I 'm listening Can 't we ... somehow carry on the research into all this ? What do you mean ? I mean the experiment . Carry on the research Ah , you 'd like to know more about the experiment You know , Alexei , unfortunately it 's impossible I mean , I want to find out - well , what 's going to happen next Will they call me again ? You must understand , Alexei I 'm your psychologist . You can discuss the experiment only with me ls there something you 'd like to discuss now ? Do you feel depressed or confused ? Do you have a strange feeling ? Want to talk about it ? We have to talk about it ... Yes ? Got something to tell you Couldn 't you find a better time ? Hello Hello Misha ! I thought we 'd agreed . Save the partying for afterwards Listen , I 'm sort of busy just now Could we talk later ? OK , later When are you free ? I 'll drop round myself OK ? ... lt doesn 't belong to me We were making pistols from templates handed down from the older guys You put a pistol down , circle it and then cut it out The older lads even used to make revolver barrels ... So where are we going ? Err , I need , umm , to go there Everybody needs something from there Show us your pass I 've got , err , an appointment Who with ? So , where l was ? We weren 't into cowboy games , we played at being Fascists We even had a factory producing ... Stop ! Where are you off to ? - Got any matches ? - No You 've got a lighter on the table Oh ! OK Where you going ? ! Get him ! Stop ! Where you going ? Hands up ! Lie down ! I said , Lie down ! Hold him ! An intruder was trying to get in . Been neutralized Lie down ! He 's leaving now Look , man , you 're really pissing me off . I warned you , eh ? What the hell is it ? I don 't mean you I 'm waiting for that young man 's bottle He hasn 't even opened it and you 're already circling around him Have you no shame ? You 're the one with no shame ! It wasn 't for this that I fought for my Country not so you could drink foreign beer here Go , go . Come back in half-an-hour I 'll come back , don 't worry Look , mate , let 's go sit at the table there , like decent people I don 't often drink this sort of beer . I usually get ' Baltika ' or ' Bochkarev' but today 's a special day Imagine - l won ten thousand roubles Why you looking like that ? What , you won too ? Yes You 're kidding ? When ? Yesterday Bullshit ! Here I 'll show you lt 's OK I believe you . Cool ! Actually , I don 't gamble often . I work at the slot machines . Poker As far as gambling goes , well , better not to do it , if you work there ... ... I 've worked there for ages , five years now And you know what 's interesting ? It 's the goofs who get lucky The real gamblers don 't win . Hardly ever But the goofs get lucky - You know why ? - No Because the game is a shady business You get lucky once - you start thinking : Why ? Because ... Hello ... hello ... Why don 't you say hello ? Can 't you see , I 'm talking Get lost , jerk ! What 's up ? Why are you looking at me like that ? You 've brought shame on us When ? What did you turn the funeral into ? Like you thought it 's a wedding or birthday party ! What happened ? We had a drink , sat a while , then went home ... You stripped , got on top of the table , jeered ... Maxim wanted to take you away , and you kicked him What a scandal ! How could you do that ? People are grieving , and you ... ! You mimicked the PE teacher too , and what of it ? That was when he was alive , OK But why at his funeral ? He did more training than all of you put together Just look at his muscles ! Huh , we saw his muscles yesterday So why did you go on pouring me drinks if you knew what could happen ? Your type needs to be locked away in a loony bin What happened ? Our gym teacher died He 'd shout away , and once he overdid it , but we 're deaf , so ... Something flipped in his head - and it was all over.The funeral was yesterday I wanted to check , sort of Can 't I , umm , somehow get in there ? Let 's talk about that . Why do you want to get in there ? Ah , umm , I mean .. .. just wanted , you know , to swap it I mean the body , for good You don 't like your body - How old are you ? - Twenty-four But you 're a young guy Maybe you can change yourself Find yourself a girl Fall in love Get her interested in you , not just your body Take me for instance - l am completely charmed by you Alexei , why are you snivelling ? It 's obvious - you 're hungry for love But how can anyone love you , if you don 't love yourself ? Alexei . Learn to love yourself . Care for yourself I get it Excellent . Well , good-bye , then Nice t-shirt Ehhh ... you got like the same I mean your top is like mine No , this one 's different Well , let 's go , you can show me where the dumb-bells are , the trainers and all that ... This is a biceps And this is a triceps So how long does all this take ? An entire lifetime Take hold of it - How is it ? - OK I 've never seen anything like it What did I show you ? Get off it Are you dumb or something ? Have you come here to work out , or what ? Where are you climbing ? ! What 's up ? So , tired out , Arnold ? That guy over there ... I think he 's died Right , take your idiot friend with you and get lost ! And don 't ever come back ! Drove me mad . Those bastards He 's some kind of sick trainer ls he always like that ? I don 't know I was in such a good mood Was it your first time too ? I didn 't realise at first . 'Cause , I could see you 're so muscular Who ? Me ? Aha . How did you pump yourself up so nicely ? All on your own ? Guess so Look at them Freaks The body should be flexible and supple But this is awful Actually , body-building 's unnatural Though dancing is natural Sorry , not this time . No Listen , he 's with me Take off that appalling jacket But you 're a good dancer - Who , me ? - Yeah Astonishing plasticity - What plasticity ? - Astonishing No , it 's true. I was , too I was a beautiful person too . One time Just one time ? And then they took it away - Took what ? - My body . You know , another one Yeah ? Cool ! I still have the contract Come to my place , I 'll show you There 's some document there , some contract of proof for us to look at Black hole , I am your prince My syringe was chosen to run the ball Syringe ? Let 's pour some more And let everything burn in a blue flame Black hole An abyss The years are spinning Like propeller blades Once it used To be life Now it 's all just A mirage Alyosha ? is that you ? Why you so late ? I haven 't slept all night , been taking pills , worried so ... Alyosha who 's there with you ? Hi Alyosha come here What , you 're drunk ? Breath out , Alyosha - Gran , go to bed - Do I know anyone here ? Alyosha , again ! Tell me it 's not true ! Lord , what a disaster ! O Holy Virgin , save and have pity on my grandson Come into the room Oh , look here , planes ! Wow - What , you wailing again ? - Why did we come here ? Alyosha. I need to have talk with you Alyosha. I need to have a really serious talk with you Fuck off ! Oh my God ! Whatever 's going on ? So much love I 've invested in you You were such a wonderful child And what 's become of it ? You wanted to show us something ? Yeah , right I don 't know if you 'll believe me lt sounds strange , of course So how d 'you feel ? I knew you 'd like that Utterly wild man Relax , huh . You 'll find it later So what 's he looking for ? How should I know ? Ask him - Some kind of paper . - Why ? Hey , what are you looking for , mate ? Anybody know his name ? You can just describe what was on it Well , there was the experiment - Experiment ? - And I have the contract I see And photos ... oh , damn l should have asked for photos ! Wait , I 'll find it - Who 's this guy ? - We met him in the club Found it ! Here , look , you wanted to see it What 's this piece of paper of yours ? It 's the contract . There 's proof on there Proof of what ? Of my muscles ... I had muscles . See , here 's the stamp Did you take those muscle pills ... what are they called ... steroids ? - What steroids ? - You know ... - No I got them all by myself ... - By yourself ? Listen guys , this is interesting stuff So where did the muscles go , then , I 'd like to know ? - They took them away . - Took them away ? How could that happen ? I need to check it out . They weren 't meant to take them away Though it says here ... And what kind of muscles were they ? Some special kind ? I mean , like that ! Careful And can you show us these muscles again ? Can I go there , to get muscles ? I 'd like some , too That 's enough , get out ! - l thought this might happen - Everybody get out ! You pigs Calm down , mate Oh , how strong you are ! Where did you get such muscles ? But we trained together How could we have ? See what fine shape you 're in , but what about me ? Never mind Touch the panties So what are you playing for ? My body OK , play Risk I think I 've won Vidal Sassun ? Ha , you haven 't won ! You 've lost ! Hello , well done for coming . This way please Hello . First time here ? But you invited me You came in an ambulance for my grandson Alyosha Ah You look so nice today , I didn 't even recognize you lt 's so good you came Come along , I 'll introduce you to the brothers and sisters Brothers and sisters ! May I call your attention to our new sister ? What 's your name ? Nina Ivanovna A wonderful woman , a true beloved of our God ... Nina lvanovna. I ask you all to love and regard her . Give her a seat And now brother Pavel from America will sing a song he wrote himself : " By believing in God " Many people don 't believe in God They can 't understand the Lord They know not sacred road They are denied heavenly grace They haven 't read the book of God They couldn 't get to church That 's why they haven 't absorbed The many mysteries of the earth Hello , Alexander Abramovich God , oh my God You 're the wisest , you 're the brightest Nina Ivanovna , you ? What brings you here ? I was invited You 're the most precious , The purest , wisest and kindest one - And how are you ? - As always , defending By believing in God My faith is pure and bright The road is brighter for God 's with me I feel no evil , for God 's with me The road is brighter for God 's with me I feel no evil , for God 's with me God is the same for everybody . That 's my view God , oh my God You 're the wisest , you 're the brightest And now , altogether ! You 're the most precious The purest , wisest and kindest one lf people want to come here , nobody should take that away from them Kind people , have faith in God Let your belief be pure and bright I think so , too God is the same for everybody You will feel so much with God But you 'll feel no evil So how 's your grandson ? Not too bad . He 's grown up The road is brighter for God 's with me I feel no evil , for God 's with me Hi there , scallywag ! Got a minute ? There was something you wanted ... to tell me ... Ah , hi , Lyosha I 've been , sort of ... thinking lots - l need to talk - Great , let 's talk Could we meet up and talk ? Well , actually , that 's not allowed Oh Listen , Lyosha , I think I know how to help you Well , actually , let 's meet up Ah , Lyosha ? So how are you ? How are you feeling ? Oh , all right Lyosha , smile Look at me ; see I 'm smiling , now you smile too Smile or I 'll be hurt . Honestly Why be miserable ? I flew over to you and you 're being miserable Lyosh , you know what I think ? What ? I think you 're a totally indecisive and unsociable person I wouldn 't be surprised if you have no friends at all Why do you think that ? You have the face of a man who is completely indifferent to the world around him Lyosha tell me , are you happy ? What do you mean ? When you wake up each morning do you feel life pulsating through every cell of your body ? Do you feel life 's joy ? Lyosha , I get this feeling you have a greatbig rugged rock inside your head that pins you down to the ground and won 't let you move a finger or toe As if your arms and legs are paralysed Go on , lift up your hand Wriggle your fingers , feel - that this is your hand Pick up that stone and throw it out of you Do you understand now , Lyosha ? Oh , is that your room ? How nice ! And those little planes - you made them yourself ? Hey , you 're one talented guy Have you got pictures of your childhood ? Oh , what a sweetie you are here Listen , Lyosha , do you have any music ? - l 've got some records - Put it on , we 're going to dance Lyosh , come to me Don 't be frightened Look how small I am , and how big you are How could I do you any harm ? Come to me , we 'll dance Now embrace me , put your arms around my waist . Don 't be afraid Lyosh , dancing , moving to music - see , it 's terrific Close your eyes and relax There we 're almost there Right , now , that 's enough Lyosh , I 'm sorry But I can 't ... You know , I have a boyfriend We 're going out together And you know , soon we 'll get married But just like that , with you well , to sleep with you I can 't do that Forgive me Well , OK , I 'd better be going Lyosh , where are you ? Hey , that 's not funny Let me go Let me go , or I 'll scream ! Shut up . Tell me everything you know about the experiment I don 't know anything , I 'm a student . I study psychology Go on , tell me Research institute pays us extra for talking to their what d 'you call them - guinea pigs You 're sick ... Listen , tell me what happened in there ? It 's interesting Ok , that 's it Get out of here Hello.Do you remember me ? I came here yesterday to take part in an experiment I 'm from the toy factory Yes , think I remember I wanted to ask how it went What ? The experiment - was it successful ? In a way , yes Well , on the paper it says it can only be done once ? But could we , kind of ... unofficially after work ... You see I brought ... Take it away I won 't even look at it You 're really something , guy ! How could you even think of it ? Do you realise where you happen to be ? I just thought maybe if it 's not for long or somehow there ... He just thought ! Well OK , I can sort it . Just for a minute But make sure no one ... Come out Why so fast ? I told you , can 't do longer Come out I won 't - l warned you . - l 've got more money here What money ? Get out of here ! Why , you 're such brutes ! Give me it back ! Give what ? Turn it on again ! - l can 't ! - Turn it on ! It won 't turn on again . It needs the doctor The doctor ? Could he give permission ? Don 't know , that 's your affair Try asking him if you can Now leave me alone How can I find him ? He teaches at the Medical Institute . Fifth-year students Professor Pushkar Could you tell me where to find professor Pushkar ? Ask him , over there Excuse me , where can I find professor Pushkar ? Pushkar . Pushkar Hmm , who might know ? Well , he 's a professor Professor ? Ah , Professor Pushkar ! Yes , there 's a teacher here with that name How to find him ... What year are his students in ? Fifth Ah . Then you can look it up in the schedule Here . Pushkar . Lecture hall 333 is Pushkar here ? into the bladder we place the catheter which is removed 24 hours after the operation The fascial graft is in the right place , free of deformation The restoration of the vaginal mucous membrane with separate stitches completes the vaginal stage of the operation And that 's it , in general terms Switch on the light , please Now , my friends , let 's make a deal Either come to my lectures on time or don 't come at all Especially when you look like that Well Go on , get out of here ! We have three minutes left , so if you have any questions , please ask Hi. I kind of ... wanted to talk to you I took part in an experiment . Maybe I could help again ? Are you a student ? No , I just , you know , wanted to , like ... help out medicine there I have no idea what experiment you mean Where do you study ? No , I 'm not a student , I 'm the opposite I took part in an experiment and I thought ... You see , I generally deal with gynaecological disorders Don 't know how we can help each other here Who sent you , by the way ? The lab assistant . Oleg ... Nikolaevich , was it ? Never heard of such person Afraid I can 't help you . And I have a lecture now Lecture ! Please be seated Alexei Victorovich , why 've you let us down ? We were counting on you . Gave you a chance to distinguish yourself But what d 'you do ? You let out secret information to people you hardly know You get hysterical in state institutions Not good Recognize this paper ? Look closely . Recognize your handwriting ? Yes " ... Aware that all information concerning the experiment is considered a state secret I am informed of the contents of Article 283 of the Criminal Code . " See , you signed it Remember ? And what does Article 283 promise you ? Up to 7 years imprisonment So go home and think over your behaviour Think hard We 'll call on you very soon God forbid , should we not find you home ! Alyosha , come here . Alexander Abramovich is visiting Don 't you remember me ? See , he doesn 't remember me ... He helped us when granddad was in trouble My , how he 's grown ! - l remember him when he was that small . - Yes , he 's big now So , what does he do ? What are his interests ? Alyosha , tell us what you do Have some sweets , please Thank you , Nina Ivanovna Yes ... I 'm reading more of the Silver Age poetry now And , see , their writings apply to me Remember Mandelshtam 's verse , for example : Two dormant apples of the ruling time And a beautiful mouth of clay But to the trembling hand of his aging son He will prostrate himself , dying ... Yes , everything 's different now . A new generation has grown up What do they call them - Generation Next ? X ? Whatever it is , they 're kids , our own kids I reckon Alyosha is messing with drugs Ugh , I 'm frightened to even think about it See , he 'd never smoked before But then I noticed ... Drugs are bad , of course . But on the other hand ... Ah , Nina Ivanovna , I envy them They grew up free ! They can read whatever they like , can see any films , books , lectures Do whatever they want The world is their oyster But see , we had to fight for every little freedom And see , we continue to fight The KGB hasn 't vanished at all That 's the way it is Nina Ivanovna But if suddenly someday I am unable to protect myself Whatever new battle Should shake the earth 's sphere I will nonetheless fall there ln that one and only civil war And commissars in dusty helmets Will bend over me in silence Now stay where you are I 'll be a minute So that 's it . They 're following him . I 'm sure I 've got a nose for them We 'll need a nice dress A little make-up Alexei will become a prima donna A dress ? Right away ... The single preliminary condition should be ending governmental terror against the population Well , you understand perfectly well what ' governmental ' means Of course . But you don 't ? Well , how can terror be governmental ? So , say , we know it 's governmental . But maybe it 's not ' terror ' exactly but rather ... But ' terror ' sounds better . Now is the time to strike with plain talk My dear , are you taking this text to the government , to the committee ? Yes ! And you 're claiming that they 're terrorists ? Right ? - Excuse me ... - What do you want ? The war 's coming from the Kremlin , don 't you see ? And where 's our government seated ? In the Kremlin Who sanctioned the war ? The government ! There 's a man here asking for ... Sorry , where can I find Alexander here , who ... That way ! Either ' governmental ' is wrong or 'terror ' is . That 's my deepest conviction OK what do you propose ? Say not ' governmental ' but 'military ' terror , for example And who sanctions the military ? Or ' governmental pressure ' . There , something like that We are at war . Peaceful civilians are being killed ! Hello . You 're Alexander ? Yes , hello Alexander Abramovich sent me . I 've come about the experiment Aha . Are you one of the sexual minorities ? No , Alexander Abramovich told me to dress like this Alexander Abramovich ? Just a moment - Because I 'm being followed . - Followed ? Really ? This is getting interesting May I ask you ... now ... for more details ... Here , take a seat , please Well , you go in and they switch this thing on ... Please , take a seat Right . So , if you and Alexander Abramovich are to defend human rights then you must to tell them Because they beat me up Aha . That 's very interesting Right now we 're preparing ... a brochure in Norway ... All about these experiments ... concerning sex change ... Now , where did you say this all took place ? Well I have the paper here Now let 's try to check Hello , Alexander Abramovich . Yes , he 's with me We 're going to deal with this straight away Ah , so is it ... He 's his grandson . Well ! Ok . Then I 'll put out a press release : A week has already passed And the hounding continues ... The persecution Of the grandson of the well known dissident A.A. Vorontsov But what about the experiment ? Do you understand how far they 've gone ? Call that democracy ? I wrote a new poem yesterday : As long as the world keeps on spinning As long as we still have rulers ... Young man , what an interesting theme you have What do you plan next ? To emigrate ? I mean are you planning on the Czech Republic , Germany , or Belgium , maybe ? - Well , no - Why not ? If you plan to , I 've got great contacts for you You 'll get refugee status really quick The first generation - they found it harder By the way , did you know that there 's a gynaecological hospital at this address ? And you probably thought what ? Ah , no . The gynaecological hospital is opposite there And this is a completely different ... But why 's it different ? Actually it 's that very same place lt only looks like a gynaecological hospital But if you dig any deeper it 's the KGB 's basements The basements ? The basements Sorry , lady , I can 't make the conversation with you now I know , good driver he always makes the conversation I don 't know , lady , if you get these moments or not Of course , women have them less often , but still They 're unpleasant , these moments When everything 's really awful And that moment it 's hard making the conversation How do we get to ... What 's that ? Gnezdikovsky Gnezdikovsky Lane Hey , mamma ! Maybe she 's deaf ? Hey , oldie ! Hey , look ! It 's our old pal ln fucking person ! Hey , how are you , fuck it ? Hi , faggot ! Fag ! What you grinning at ? I can tell these fucking fairies from a mile away Shit look at his get-up . He really has his hackles up Let me fucking punch him Hey , you fag bitch , fucking gonna get some treatment ... Stop , fag Tell me , you like the music ? I got the good music You mind if I put him on ? Change ! Our hearts cry for - Change Change ! Our eyes beg for - Change ln our laughter , in our tears And in the pulsing of our veins : Change ! We wait for change ! Alexei I was waiting for you I knew you 'd come They had you followed but I asked them to stop it I don 't like such things Sit down . Like a drink ? - No . - Too bad Well , I 'll have one Had a hard day today Anyway , why would you care ... ? You 're here for something else entirely I even know what you want from me Well , ask then ! Everybody does - Common ! - The experiment ... What ? The experiment ? Nonsense That experiment is utter nonsense lt doesn 't mean a thing to you Do you know who you really are ? And who we all really are ? Have you ever thought about it seriously , even once ? I 'm quite sure you haven 't But I think about it from time to time Here it is : we are nothing dust , atoms And I can prove it to you scientifically Dust ! So , why ? Why come here ? And in that get-up You were given money ... much more than you ever dreamed of No one hurt you Yet you come here ... demanding something What , you think you 're the only one like that ? Oh no ! You 're not And what am I to do ? I 'm a doctor , I made an oath " to do no harm " ... But it 's impossible to do no harm Whatever I do to you - whether removing a tumour , or treating a cold Or if I kill you on the spot ... it makes no difference Neither good nor harm But do You know that you 're harm yourself ? You 're a poison You 've multiplied like flies , eh ? You walk around , defecate on each other , you don 't even notice each other You are of no benefit However , I 'm of no benefit either The whole of science is destruction The deeper we go into a human being the less he exists Indeed , he never did exist He never had any intrinsic value That 's why all oaths are just mad rants It 's irrelevant Do you know , for example , how I feel about you ? No ... And I don 't know how you feel about me either You live your life and it means everything to you And quite right , life is good And one can live it in style one can love do interesting things listen to music , read literature ... have kids , work in the garden ! But here we have no life We have neutrons , protons ... tiny particles ... So what do you need this for ? Why are you silent ? It tortures me ... Can I ... go , like , there ? Turn it on ... You 're dumb ! Has anybody told you that ? You 're dumb cattle ... I don 't even feel sorry for you at all I felt sorry for my wife even ... after that case even when I just saw her ... And I felt sorry for my daughter ... her little hands ... I had no idea ... how mean I was to them Even now I feel sorry for them , when they 're gone ... But I can be truly mean to you lt 's easy ! For it 's you who made this world mean You What are you languishing for ? Want to get in there ? Try to understand , it 's all just the side effects That 's not actually what they let you in there for None of that has anything to do with the real matter What , you think I let you in there by my own free will ? You understand , I owe them , they 've caught hold of me ... The State They think they hold me ... I don 't give a damn about them , nor about you I have to find out myself , see I myself need it so much because ... I 'm already dead ... Dead I have no soul I died long ago But you 're still here That 's all I 'd give everything for your dumb life Give my whole genius mind My past , my memories - l need none of it Take the money and go Get drunk , pick up a woman , go on holiday . Great ! Eh ? See , you think it 's great ? So what do you expect from this machine ? Your dreams to come true ? See , you 're nothing Rubbish You 're a dust particle Dust of the universe What 's a dust particle 's dream ? Something dumb ? Tell me honestly Well , what 's in there ? My body 's there ... Ah . Yours , is it ? And I want it back For keeps Do you have any idea what happens there ? It is hell . Truly You 've had such a dose of radiation already that if I switch that thing on once more there 'll be nothing left of you Can 't you understand ? Well , if you wish , go in Go on What are you doing ? I won 't turn it on You 're completely insane ? - But please ! - l said no - Please - And no ' pleases I agree to everything He agrees Hmm , agree to everything ? So long as I turn on ... this pleasure principle of yours OK then But first sign me a paper For the office ... Gran Alyosha Coming In place of warmth - there 's green glass ln place of fire - there 's smoke A day 's snatched out of the calendar grid The red sun is burning right out The day is burning down too Upon the flaming city a shadow falls Change ! Our hearts cry for - Change Change ! Our eyes beg for - Change ln our laughter , in our tears And in the pulsing of our veins : Change ! We wait for change ! Change ! Our hearts cry for - Change Change ! Our eyes beg for - Change ln our laughter , in our tears And in the pulsing of our veins : Change ! We wait for change ! Translation : Anna Gunin , Yulia Kolesnik , Alexei Ivanov , Alexei Ageev
