 Status of the archive of film material does not meet the accepted standards of quality , but it 's included in the film because of its uniqueness . Cinematographic office of Ministry of Culture of Russian Federation Cinestudio of Sverdlovska Presents a movie of Alexandar Fedorchenko THE FIRST ON THE MOON This a report of a special commission of United Nations , for researching the fall of a huge meteorite on the mountains of Northern Chile on March 1938 . The material was provided by our Kinoarchives of UN . This was not a storm , nor wind . Fireball flew out towards the mountains . High and slow . Afterwards , there was thunder . I didn 't manage to get frighten . Then came the wind and it became scary . I immediately called police . But what can our police do ? When a year passed I took my wife , and returned after two months . You can look for your whole life here for that sphere and find nothing . Mountains ! Exactly when that thing fell , the cow of our neighbour Carl gave a birth . Have you seen a calf with the wings ? Why does it need wings ? Is it going to fly ? History has preserved the name of the creator of the first rocket . 11th century . Chinese master Dzen Gun Lian has transformed fireworks into a terrible weapon . Year 1320 . Giovanni di Fontaine in tractatus " On fish , birds and beasts " describes underwater , air and land rocket apparats . Battle of the Tatars on the river Riyaz . Rocket , taken by Polish entrepreneurs is called " God 's fire " . After their launch battle stopped right away for terror covered both armies . And this is the public execution of alchemist Johan Folk on major square in Laipzig . Attached to the rocket , invented by him , he tries in vain until the last minute to explain to his fellow citizens nature of his discovery . Russia . 19th century . Combat missile " Zasyavka " shell of Konstantinov , submarine - rocketcarrier of Shilder . From a letter of Nicolai II to his wife : Yesterday there were tests of a bolide of Grigoriev . Dear Alex , these fantasies come of hot pursuit of the Russian to participate everywhere with mind and hands . To continue the work of Tsiolkovski ! Russians repeat these pioneering experiences of K.E. Tsiolkovski : rotate patent set to special centrifuge . Pionirs ! For the work of Lenin and Stalin : Finish it ! We will repair error of nature . Will teach a man to bear multiple congestion . But his skeleton is fragile . See , it is simply ridiculous . Replacement of the bones with metal will allow a significant increase the mechanical strength of Soviet man . This means that Soviet man will deliver a mild shock , ss the automobil did . Red pilots Of land were awarded engineers and pilots design of office of Tupolev . Among the winners in high government awards was test-pilot Captain Ivan Harlamov . Comrades , hundreds of thousands skilled workers , millions of Soviet citizens created this remarkable aircraft and secure his motor . So successes is achieved by us , this is your success , comrades ! After the award party-dress ball was held . Among us , glorious heroes dance Valerii Chkalov , Genadii Baydukov , Ivan Harlamov Moscow , Kinoarhiv of Federal Office for Safety Everything is going how it should . And when it is taken , it happened . They did it . Ivan Sergeevich Harlamov The first information is from 1930 . The pilot involved Harlamov in the liquidation of the bands basmachi in South Turkestan . It 's early . We do not know when and where he was born . We have only one of his children 's picture . Monitored : Ivan Harlamov " Kazbek " . - " Kazbek " command . Hi ! - As always ? Yes . Thank you . - Please . Hi , honey . Beginning of monitoring Harlamov in 1935 . Even then , the selection starts . Minsk . District Military Hospital Beauty ! Using such cameras . They work almost noiselessly . Guide for use for cine-camera SC-29 for secret surveillance Camera SC-29 can be installed whereever you want : in the suitcase , lady 's purse , premises on the street ... Untie shoulder girdle Well-trained professionals can make quality photos by hand without the pedestal , in any situation by merging with the crowd . Keep distance Fast determination of distance to the object , right blend and the diaphragm , Use tables of Col. Shoshin reading light to object tracking , Choose an optimal tracking point are the basis for success in operating on the site and collecting compromised materials . Sankt-Peterburg . Museum of Zoology . Workshop of Fatahov Kalif . We were 30-40 , men and women Healthy , rosy ... There was a buxom . I like her . The selection was very strict . This is not even mine first stage of selection . All were military personnel , athletes ... All Communists - beautiful . Nobody knew where we were sent . I thought I know - - intelligence . That 's me ! The band is maintained . Do I look alike ? - I don 't know , a little . Well , then I was younger . Excellent in battle and political training , elder Hanif Fatahov of the Black Sea fleet is ready for unparalleled record : to swim from Leningrad to Kronshtadt in ice water . Nobody in the history of mankind has not reached such endurance and fortitude ! Former Kazanski ownerless , raised by people with love , elder Hanif Fatahov carries the Party of the Soviet flag high ! Nadia . Nadia Svetlaya . Bright hope . She was a beautiful girl , see what a smile . Hope of Soviet sport Sports competitions and physical training parades have become favorite holidays in our country . Party and government established July 18th as a day of sports . On the day of sports finals were held For Organization to help Defense . Preparation showed excellent students from the Institute of Mechanics Nadia Svetlaya . She won for the third time in these contests ! Object for monitoring : Nadia Svetlaya . Of those not remembered by anyone Mishka Roshchin ! Circus-man . When designers working on the housing frame , he became the first challenger . Man-bullet . Ulyanovskaya . Circus of lilliputians . Tell me something else about Michail Roshchin . Wrote poetry . Pretty . - Remember someone . I can remember only one verse . I welcome you , great era ! Nothing more . I was a kid , you know . Harlamich . My good friend . He was wounded in the arm . But he took it . He was incredibly strong . Once a polygon couldn 't catch to mount and get it ! Fyodor Fyodorovich Suprun . General constructor . Only he knew from the Commission for what purpose is the selection . Of course , you do not know what a great man sits in the committee . It was clear it is the chief . But it is not a doctor . Only when all left but four , he introduced himself . Suprun was born at the end of 19th century in Tula . He became the youngest engineer in the Department of ballistics . Already during the third course they appointed him to work . Graduated in 1914 . Then – war , Mazurskite marshes , wounds ... Never returned to the institute , worked in Tulskaya arms factory . Right there a plan for the first space rocket was made . It was higher than Spassky Tower of the Kremlin . Maybe even wider . Then I remembered the Egyptian pyramids . A good mechanism . Suprin took drawings of his rocket to Kremlin in 1928 . During 5 years on the secret project 1.5 million people were working on it . Blacksmith Vladimir Pimenov I will set a record ! The first change is made with 79 bushes . Blacksmith Pimenov continues to work . Second shift - 161 bushes ! Pimenov remains in the press ! Mechanical presses doesn 't hold . Blacksmith Pimenov says : There must be another shift ! 233 bushes ! New record ! In 30 years ? Impossible ! This is a mystification . Americans would come to solution in only 20 years . But it is very elegant . Housing frame , module landing , Interesting , will it fly or not ? Stand tests Engine SU-2 Nothing can be done . It is ready , Comrade heads of staff . How long does 101 work ? 10 seconds . Then the bottom is torn . One . Two . Three . Four . Five ... seven , eight ... nine , ten , eleven twelve ... Thirteen , fourteen ... I congratulate you ! Victory . Training of our riding buses with a black " perdentsa " . were classified . " Unit kosmolettsi " 12 hours a day – training , congestion , work It was severe . Nice ! Height zero . Measure the pulse . Starting climb . Height 3000 meters . Put your oxygen masks . Height 8000 meters . Begin descent . The descent is complete . Land ! Measure the pulse . The first space suit was 3 times heavier than a diving suit . Even Harlamov barely walked . We put our space suites and we could stand the climb . Here 's how fired . Quickly . And inaccurate . Harlamich as always accurate . Mischa hit papa ... But what the Germans do there ? I don 't understand . Supersecret project and suddenly – a German . I don 't understand even today . Maybe in exchange ? Our seasonal graphics of Professor Meyer . Add something in the water to cool to minus 5 . I even skipped below the current . Rushchin joked that it leaked for 3 days .. NKVD , wine production " Kagor " No. 9 Comrade director of polygon , Object E is ready for the launch . It 's alive ! - Yes , I wrote that . We 're trained seriously . Gulf route , clear sea , the sea of nectar A tale ... Ah ! Here 's another astronaut . Duska ! Probably all of heaven are young , as a bar ... Duska ! Likely to stay alive was under 1 % , but don 't be afraid . Objectives boil inside . Do bushes in 1 : 38 scale . In such rocket , there are 120 . After 15 minutes they are ready . Hey , this is nuts ! Misha , Misha ... The film " Space Trip " . Wow ! Fantastic film " Space Trip " , by Vasiliy Zhurvlov out on the screen in 1935 . They lived for the idea of planetary revolution people yearn for Soviet Space republics . Scientific consultant for this film is our very Tsiolkovski . Comrades , complete trial of space trip is over ! The road to space is open ! Show your documents , please ! I have a meeting . - Yes ... Here , look - do not lie . What a meeting , you violate the statute . You what ? ! Guys , do not . 29th of August , 1937 . On this day , Ivan Harlamov , by decision of Government Committee , was appointed as a pilot for the first spaceship of the USSR . Stop the train ! In " Varvarka " , " Varvarka " was walking this night ... Hi all ! ... but squads of cops ... Here is more fun ! arrested hooligans , pulled out handcuffs , arrested hooligans , pulled out handcuffs ... " I 'm pissing myself " – he cries and grabs me by the sleeve , I decided to help him , how stupid I was then . On " Varvarka " , On " Varvarka " , just three days before the summer I was killed by the cop with the handle of the gun . It 's colder then , of course oh , how I love him . To the bottom ? - To the bottom . I 'm scared . Aye . Yes , I shall report every hour watching what 's going on . Good luck . Successful return . Gentlemen , go to the entering line , please ! First level Main level 25 kilometers south of Nyazepetrovsk . Site of the former spaceport . Come here ! Come here . We found a concrete bunker . Everything started from the start . They cut out part of skin of the rocket . I took a look at Suprun , it was red , evil ... After two minutes I gathered myself . Silence ! Nothing happened . Then I said : I will not live much longer . What about Haralamov ? Nothing . Did he say anything before the launch ? - No ! He didn 't say anything . What happened next ? The largest telescope was in the Crimea . Suprun flew to Crimea , to look for the missile . I asked him to take me . Suprun didn 't find his missile . Rocket disappeared . Everything already happened . The huge experiment didn 't serve anyone . Mankind doesn 't lear from its mistakes . They are slightly excited for themselves . There is no technical nor moral progress . Every effort ... is either useless or harmful . Monitored subject : Fyodor Suprun . Uncle , come ... Right there , below . Uncle , where are you going ? Six days after the launch , despite the heavy observation Suprun disappears too . Hi ! You ask weird questions , comrade director . Besides camre , I didn 't have any other weapons in my hand . Without weapons nothing happens . No ... My memory is good . Great ! But I remember nothing . Vladimir Ivanovich , but you have seen it all , you shot everything . Your name is written on every third box . I understand – secrecy , Rocket is falling apart , constructor is running away , all of it is considered a defeat . But as time has passed ... Excuse me , my right boot is untied . Would you tie it up ? What did you do in Crimea ? I got ill from dysentery . I was in one hospital , then in another ... A good woman , Masha Mikelovich , took me to her place . I stayed with her until the war . I realized that it is dangerous to go back . Hanif Ivanovic , I did 't mean to show you these images , but you must show them . The spider has eight eyes , while a cricket has fawcet eyes . Hanif Fatahov Ivanovic , the last cosmonaut , died in his workshop while shooting this film . The project was terminated , people disappear . Now it seems that they are ahead of their time . But there was a rocket ! In March 1938 news about the fall of a fireball in Chile was in all papers . " Passengers in liner " Fortuna " Saw a fireball in the sky " " The sun fell over Chile " " Meteorite ? Comet ? Marsians ? " " Chilean globe . The gods returned to Chile " " Commission of the League of Nations found no traces of the globe " Chita . District Psychiatric Hospital As I wrote you . I read about the find in Chile and I wrote you . " The secret of the Chilean globe revealed " The shepherd located debris of a foreign aircraft in the mountains . Chile . 200 kilometers north of the town Olyagua . The area where " Chilean globe " fell . Chilean globe fell on March 24 , 1938 . Suprun 's rocket took off a week Before – March 16 . Our production crew went to Chile . But they were late . Someone already took the debris of the Chliean globe . But not all . Pastor Sergio Arihas sold us for $ 120 Chilean globe debris . This was a part of the management board for the first Soviet rocket . August 1939 . River Halhin-Gaulle , Mongolia . Soviet-Mongolian army gathered in First Army Group , started the offensive before the enemy . Japanese militarists lost 370 aircrafts and 48 thousand were killed , wounded or captured . In the archives of the Ministry of Defense I found a record of the interrogation of the captured Japanese officer Hisaki Ito . He spoke about a strange man He met in the steppes , coming out of a sphere ( surroundings ) . Ivan Harlamov was located in Mongolia , in the area of hostilities , year and a half after the launch of the rocket . Report of a military doctor ? 16-450 of Unit " The condition of the object is due to the skull-brain trauma . " " Head and body have numerous scars . " " It is possible to hallucinate . " " Submitted to the psychiatric hospital in Chita . " Ready ? - Aye . Recording . How was Japanese territory Occupird ? Chilean port of Arica ... Island Nuku-Khiva ... Solomon island ... Chinese port Syamin Amoy ... Marquesas Islands , Island Nuku-Khiva ... We didn 't manage to show the whole of Haralamov 's journey . Because of military bases , banal lack of money ... But we found another witness . He arrived with a Philippine trawler , he was banished , he couldn 't work . He was ill . We also wanted him out . But we put him in the largest house in the village . Then I gave him a boat . A nice boat . Haralamov sailed the Pacific and walked throughout China . From south to north . Along the straight line ... You are free , go into the tent . Note of the report of the Chief department , 13 of the NKVD . " In the inquest it was found that the object is unavailable and needs special treatment . Stop . Stop ! Soviet psychiatry has made a great successes , thanks to the occupational therapy and to the work in the collective . Wrapping with wet towels had a good influence on the psyches of patients . Comatose insuline blockade was successfully applied . Application of insluing – a Substance released by the pancreas . This method relies on positive changes of metabolism . Good results are achieved by electroshock therapy too . Ivan willingly accepted all procedures . Painful procedures . He wanted to be cured . And to tell . But the treatment didn 't give any results . His strength returned . He could still talk . I tried to teach him to write again . But he didn 't want . Ivan fled ... Autumn , after a year . Do you like to cook ? No . What is your favorite meal ? Plotavian roast . Really ? I don 't know . Really . You always tell the truth ? I don 't lie to anyone . You were close to Haralamov . I wouldn 't want to gossip . I don 't gossip . You know the instruction which prohibits to let the patients go ? Yes . - Where is he ? I don 't know . Where is he ? ! - I really don 't know ! Did he mention any addresses , names ? No , nothing . I lied to him ! Ivan wrote many letters . More specifically , I wrote them , he dictated . To whom he wrote them ? To politbiro , to the circus , To Nadezhda Svetlaya . Many letters . But ... I 'm not sending them . I write and hide them ... I was afraid for Ivan . Are the letters preserved ? No , Ivan found them . He no longer spoke with me ... until he left the next month . I looked for him ... But no one had heard of him like he didn 't existed . After a year I got married . My husband was among the first which passed the northern sea route in one season . And I have given birth to two daughters . 37 people are listed in the operational development of the NKVD in the case of Ivan Harlamov . Joseph Petrovich Isakov , participant in the blind men choir in the mine of Krilatovo ... He claims that in 1929 he was an accountant But there is evidence that to 1949 he worked as a longshoreman on Botraki port . Until he was fired because of eye disease which occurred after trauma on his head . Babadzhyan Gaparov . According to passport - Tajik , but he does not speak Tajik . All over his head and body - - many scars . The right hand – scar from a gunshot wound . After questioning the deserter from colone ? 122 he was opet for investigation . Eugene Gluhov ... Sergei Plohotin ... Sergei Zuenko ... They 've been looking for Ivan for many years . And didn 't find him . KGB discovered traces of Suprun after 30 years . In 1968 there was a very strange problem . Half-year results of covert surveillance over an old graveyard keeper in a suburb of Cape Town . I remember this . They called him " Alexander Nevsky " . He came to the circus in 1946 . After the illness . He said - after the illness . He didn 't talk much . And stayed . Intially a costumer , then our art teacher invented him a number . The man called Alexander Nevsky , leaves Ulyanovsk circus tt the end of 1951 . We do not have any more information about Ivan Harlamov . THE FIRST IN SPACE The time when the spacecraft , led by a man would corss the universe isn 't far away ! Currently , scientists are experimenting with various biological crews . The flight involves bacteria , Viruses , onions , bees , mice , rats , rabbits , dogs . Kinolenta is found on the site Where the Chilean globe dropped . Ownership of the Natural museum in the town of Antafagasta .
