 You can tell a lot about a person From their apartment . If you know how to look . Here 's to forgetting . Some things . ( bottles clinking ) ( seagulls squawking , waves crashing ) ( chuckling ) there you are . Here . ( two ) don 't you recognize your brother ? Six ? Why would a man deny the existence of his own brother , When he 's standing right in front of you ? Because he 's sick , demented . Isn 't that what you want me to think ? Let us concern ourselves only with evidence . Brought these from home . Remember that ? Stuff could be fake . And does your flesh also lie , six ? You fell out of a tree and cut your arm . You could have done it , while i was sleeping . Buddy , we-we just want you back , the way you were . You 're not gonna catch anything . Yes , i will- - i did last week . Perhaps therapy might work , yes ? What do you say , six ? Give the talking cure a try . Oh , you would like that , wouldn 't you ? Meddling with my mind . What are you afraid of , six ? A glimpse into your psyche , Discovering that you are the problem , after all ? I 'm not afraid . Come on ! Good- - the sessions are booked . A man with nothing to hide , Is a man with nothing to find . ( collective chattering ) ( 13 ) good to see you , six . Home at last . Hey , look who it is . Hey , uncle six- - your not dead . Hey , good evening . Oh , it 's good to see you . ( kids ) hey , dad- - i 've made your favorite for dinner . Barbeque pork wraps . ( public safety announcer ) it 's " wonkers ! " ( excited collective chattering ) ( number 13 ) ah , see , we never miss " wonkers . " 46-5 ... Yes . Oops , here we go . I don 't like pork . ( number 13 ) oh , go on- - it 's your favorite . There is something . Okay , so , 765 is in love with 23-30 , But 23-56 is pregnant to 46-5 , and 913 had an affair with 23-30 . so , 765 is jealous of 23-30 , And so she , like , took her revenge by sleeping with 46-5 . ( number 765 ) 46-5- - yes . I 'm leaving you . no- - ( number 765 ) yes . Oh , no ! Why ? I love your brother . You have a lovely family . I know it ... And i 'm proud of it . But it 's not real , is it ? And i 'm not your brother . My brother 's dead , and i 'm somebody else . Six , it kills me to see you like this- - did you take anything ? What ? papers from my pocket ? No . 'cause maybe you work for them . I don 't know . I only know that none of this is real . If you won 't go to your therapy , then , i will . I have to , because let me tell you , I just want my brother back . And it just kills me to- - Why is it so dark in here ? Why does it feel so dark to you ? Well , my home is not my home . My brother 's not my brother . Nothing 's real . ( laughing ) And what feels real to you , six ? Why should i tell you ? Because it bothers you ... Doesn 't it ? ( chuckling ) you can 't cure your thinking with your thinking , six . You have to hand it over . There is something in you , Which you feel the need to find . you feel the need to resolve it . am i right ? Let me tell you something interesting . Numbers on a phone , how they work . They have a logic , a purpose . I get the feeling this is not merely information . When you borrowed my phone , the number you dialed , it wasn 't a number . That 's pretty observant . What kind of a guy notices stuff like that ? Just someone suspicious . You didn 't make a call . There was something came into your head ? I saw a seagull this morning . Some kind of bird ? Yeah , that 's right , some kind of bird . And i got to thinking ... " either you 're a long way from home , " or we 're a lot closer to the beach , than i realized . " ( laughing ) And what is " the beach ? " That 's where you go on vacation . Tell us about your vacation . Not much to tell . Me and my brother , We 'd take the train to the sea . we called it " the edge of the world . " giant salt water rod for him . An old fishing net for me . Wait a minute- - did you say " us ? " who 's " us ? " He is me ... we are me . I find it conducive to work in this way . I can engage . And i can reflect . I think we 're done here . Six , wait ! There 's no requirement that you share your thoughts Here with me- - us . Simply to have them . ( 313 ) six ! six , wait ! i met your brother . Seems like a sweet man . He spies a lot . I mean-i mean , i think he 's a worrier , And i think he 's worried about you , six- - he 's not my brother . Six , maybe you could just accept the possibility That he is- - listen to me- - i am not a number . Right . There was something in my pockets . Did you take it ? No , there was nothing in your pockets , six . ( 16 ) six , there you are . I was thinking , " what is the one thing " that helps a man not dwell on his troubles ? " Work- - huh ? Come on- - let 's go see the guys . ( bus honking ) Hey , 130 . Look who 's here . ( collective greetings ) He 's lost some weight , don 't you think , boys ? Looks to me like a man who needs a beer or 12 . We 'll take you out with the boys tonight , six . Put some flesh on them bones , huh ? How do you fancy getting behind the old wheel ? Why do you think i can drive this thing ? You 're the best there is , six . But i 've never driven a bus in my life . ( chuckling ) listen to him , boys . How ' bout you just get behind the wheel , And see if it all comes back to ya , huh ? fire her up . ( engine starting ) ( 16 ) ah , as sweet as a honey nut wrap . ( chuckling ) ( public safety announcer ) the village tour will depart in approximately one minute and 20 seconds . see the sights ! if you 've already seen them , see them again . See ya- - bye . ( 16 ) your driver today , my buddy and my brother , number six . Coming up here , on your left , is the village museum of modern art , Containing the famous painting of crying 38-30 , by 794 . And then , coming up , One of the highlights of our tour , the clinic . every day is a sunny day in the village . moving on now , over to the corner , the newly rebuilt " solar cafe . " You were right , of course . He is resistant to the possibility Of revealing the six inside . And why is that ? He feels alone . Oh ! Very good . He dreams of escape . He feels rootless . And yet , his roots are right here , Under our feet . What ails the man ? He described ... A fishing trip . fishing ? We like six 's fishing stories , don 't we , 70 ? Some kind of fantasy . Perhaps you 'd do better trying to find the two inside . ( all laughing ) Why not , since i 'm here . We can have a poke around . See what makes two tick . The inside two . I 'm curious . I want to know what 's going on inside of me . Let 's start ... My wife ... I 'm the reason she 's the way she is . Perhaps we should stay with the matter of six . I know i can trust you . I love my son . But , i have thoughts , If he knew me , if he truly know his father , He might not like me . Do you like me , 70 ? You are two- - we all love you . but , do you like me ? ( nervously ) i don 't really know you . I- - what i do know is that you are a wonderful man . of course . You think i believe all of this therapy babble , do you ? My mother sat me sideways on the potty When i was a toddler , So now i want to sleep with her ? oh , grow up , man ! Have you had sex with your mother , 70 ? No- - never . Well , don 't . Two , if i might ask , If you don 't believe In the value of the talking cure- - it 's not necessary for me to believe . It is necessary for six to believe . * The sight to delights just don 't stop , folks . actually , this is one of my favorite parts of the trip , the desert . my kids , they always say to me , " dad , what 's beyond the desert ? " and i tell ' em , " more desert . " ( all laughing ) around every dune , there 's another dune , right ? in a few moments , we 're gonna be pulling up for some light refreshments . 91 will be coming around with , uh , some delicious wraps . and remember , take out your cameras . this is one of the best views of the towers . Where are you going ? There 's something i wanna see . Ah , a very slight detour- - no cause for alarm . ( collective gasps ) ( laughing ) ( collective chattering ) Okay , everyone , this is an unscheduled stop . Can you see it on the map ? ( 16 ) who can tell me what it is ? ( woman ) some kind of bus that broke down ? ( 16 ) ah , not even close . What are you doing ? It 's an anchor . Which means , somewhere around here is a boat , Yeah , or a ship . A ship means water , and water means ocean , right ? What does ocean say to you- - anyone ? Uh , this is what 's known as a desert folly , Which means it 's a nothing . no , it 's not- - it means escape . ( collective chatter ) Yeah ? Come on . Something i wanna show you . ( collective chatter ) What is this place ? It 's the ruins . Were there ever trains ? I don 't get you , six . It 's the ruins- - it 's the same as it 's always been . We came here every day , when we were kids . We played soldiers , and hide-and-seek . We used to call it the " edge of the world , " remember ? How can you forget that ? Guess i do feel something , being here . I can 't-i can 't deny it . But , why ? Why should i feel belonging , When i 've never been here before ? Try to ask yourself , Do you really think that whole family , those kids , Are living their lives just to deceive you ? Maybe . If you 're right , There 's no way out of here , then . Can 't we have life here ? isn 't that something ? Two people , like your brother , His family- - no-no-no-no-no . That 's what they want us to think . 313 , you ever been on a boat ? Why would i ? You don 't know what you 're missing . I noticed you , sitting on your own . I decided that if i spoke to you , You might wanna get to know me . Is that so bad ? Why tonight ? Why choose the day that i resign ? Well , maybe , it 's a coincidence . Do you know the way ? ( public safety announcer ) every day is a sunny day . it 's " wonkers ! " ( 46-5 ) life is short . ( 765 ) it 's the same thing , over and over , Day in and day out . It 's like we can never escape . ( 16 ) i 'm 16 , your guide . you driver today , my buddy and brother , number six . Coming up here , on your left , is the village philharmonic hall . And then , coming up , One of the highlights of the tour ... The clinic . and next , today , especially for you , The home of our great patron . the one , the only , home of you know who , Palais two . " wow , " being the operative word here . Wouldn 't it be amazing if two came out right now ? ( collective chattering ) ( chuckling ) Oh , he- - ( woman whispering ) much bigger than on tv . He 's coming . It 's good to see you looking so much better , six . Driving your bus around , Spending time with your brother . Family is the greatest gift the village can give us . Isn 't that right ? Hmm . Perhaps one day , you will have a son , six . I recommend it . It 's only when you have family , That you learn the meaning of love . Oh , do sit down . Are we enjoying our little sight seeing trip ? Wonderful . good . And what do you think of your driver ? ( all praising in unison ) There , good news . One family , here on this bus , has won a holiday , To the escape resort . I have the ticket here . And the lucky family is ... 16 . yes ! ( applause ) i 've always wanted to go to escape resort . Can 't wait to tell the kids . Fantastic- - thank you . ( applause ) ( 16 ) and that wraps up our tour for today . i bet you 're all ready for a beer , or 12 . Escape resort . You 're gonna come with us , aren 't you , six ? This resort , is it by the sea ? A sea ? Yeah , you know , the sea , the ocean , water , waves . What do you mean , the pool ? you gotta come , six . Come away with me . ( 765 ) life is short . ( 46-5 ) so come away . ( 765 ) you 'd never escape the guilt . ( 46-5 ) 913 wouldn 't care . you would break 46-5 's heart . his wife and his own brother . ( 46-5 ) i can 't let you go . ( six ) you took them . No , i found them in your pocket . You fool around with me like everything 's a joke . What do you-you report on me ? Tell ' em what i say to you ? Why 'd you take them ? I like them . I like the idea of another place . I 'm sorry , i don 't wanna lose you ... Lose our friendship . I was being stupid , and look , It won 't happen again . I lied to you . ( lucy ) you really are suspicious of people , aren 't you ? You would be too if you worked there . You haven 't told me where you work . I am- - I was an analyst for a company called " semicorp . " we collect c.c. tv footage from around the world . I watch people , i see things . I collect data and statistics . my job is to look for patterns , how we live . Trying to find out what is going on , And finding out what is going on is not good news . Is that why you resigned ? Why do you ask ? Well , why shouldn 't i be interested in you ? Sorry , it 's what that place does to you . What you need is a distraction . ( giggling ) You know , i watch people like us , Doing things like this , And i write about them in my reports . So , if you were watching us now , what would you see ? Two people , a man and a woman in a room , For one night , 'cause that 's all they 're capable of anymore . Please , tell me that is not true . It 's only a report- - it 's what you believe . It 's what i see . It 's ridiculous , i know , but ... I 've been lying awake , thinking , " maybe if i came down , they wouldn 't be here . " You loved that thing . You always say that . I don 't remember it at all . Memory is fickle . Six says that everything here is fake , unreal . It 's not possible . I mean , why would the world be like that ? It is like that , in six 's mind . Look at me , 11-12 . Is this real ? Do i love you like no father ever loved a son before ? when i was your age , i questioned everything . young men always doubt , challenge , But never doubt your family . Never . Steven , come back . Something happened , in you ... A memory . Your fishing trip , perhaps . Your brother ? Do you think it would help me to tell you ? I know it would . 765 is in love with 23-30 . 23-56 is pregnant to 46-59 . 913 had an affair with 23-30 , so 765 is jealous of 23-30 , So she- - he 's running rings around us ! I see your fear , 70 . I 've been watching you . You know you 're a prisoner- - you 're just like me . But you don 't wanna know . Well , i refuse to become you . I do remember something about this place . Like something happened here . Doesn 't that make it true ? They do it to me somehow . They do it to all of us . One , two ... Three , four , five ... Six . " hello to you , who-whoever you are . " i 'm six . " I 'm eight years old . You sound like such a clever , little six . It 's a trick . You knew where it was- - you went straight to it . It has to be a trick . Has to be . Tell me why you resigned , please ? I worked on a floor called " analysis . " We don 't know who works on the next floor . We never see them . I started to notice something , And like a good boy , i reported up . And what was it ? People changing . Too many people . So i sent in the report , got a three-word reply . " cease and desist . " But if you could find out why " solutions " wanted you to stop . Who are you ? You work in " semicorp , " you said " solutions . " I didn 't say , " solutions . " No more bullshit- - who are you ? Yes , i-i work there . You sit there , you look at me , And you tell me why you 're here ? You think you resigned- - maybe you did , But it 's not over . They still control you . ( six ) i 'm , uh , going on vacation with my brother tomorrow . You called him your brother . Do you see ? I see i need to get out of here , Before i become a part of this place . I , uh , be seeing ya . There 's a reason i go on those bus trips . I heard the ocean once . They stopped the bus . I kind of wandered off away . I heard waves crashing . I heard the ocean . ( taxi driver ) you know , i 'm all for a wild goose chase . I 'm an affirmative kind of guy , generally speaking , But , " i can hear big water ? " somewhere , there 's a sound of splashing ? " Please . You mind if we just shut up and drive , please ? Sounds good . ( public safety announcer ) it 's non-stop to the escape resort , departing in approximately four and half minutes . Where is he ? i don 't know . She 's a crazy , six . ( people on bus singing ) ( all breathing heavily ) Man , we are right where we were , And we were here , even before that- - And we are right here , again . Maybe it was an illusion . Maybe i never heard it . Listen to me , you did hear something . You have to keep believing that you heard it . I wish i could . I wish i could hear it now . Try . ( taxi driver ) listen . Follow the towers . Two put you up to this , didn 't he ? What ? All this talk of the ocean- - yes , he did . He wants to throw me off track . * we 're going on a trip * no-no-no , it 's today ! Where you going , man ? my family ! ( 16 ) i knew you wouldn 't let us down . I told them- - didn 't i tell ya ? six never missed a vacation in his life . Come on , what are we waiting for ? All right , everyone , We 're all gonna have a nice , normal vacation . ( 16 ) you can 't get to the towers- - it 's not possible . you know that , six . Do you know the way ? * is it hot as hell in here * * or is it me * * it really is a mystery * ( two laughing ) * if i die before i wake * * i pray the lord my soul to take my misery * * i could really use a drop to drink * * feel like i was really in the pink * * i knew it was a dream when i don 't sleep * * i 'm slumberin ' * * there 's still a promise dreamers keep * * i 'm wondering * * wa-wa-wa * * wa-wa-wa * * lay beyond the sea * wa-wa-wa * * wa-wa-wa * ( 16 ) you hear me ? You gotta cut this out ! You gotta stop this ! I found something the monster wants . something of mine from when i was a boy . I keep trying to prove i 'm right , Find a way out . But what if i am wrong ? What if i am your brother ? All you 've give me is love and kindness . I 've repaid you with cruel accusations . Maybe i am insane . I 'm sorry for all the pain i 've caused you . You 're a good man . I do trust you . Hey ... I 'm glad i have a brother . Six ... I 'm not your brother . I 'm sorry ! Please , you 've gotta help me , now ! You 've gotta help me . I 'm sorry . ( screaming ) ( collective chatter and laughter ) I try to be a good father . You know , give them something good To look back on . This place , it 's what you dream of . For a guy like me , it 's out of reach . I 'm scared of them , six . They 're watching us all the time . Look at me , i 'm shaking like a leaf . Look , i need a beer . ( six ) what is it they want from me ? They must have told you something . My head is so confused with confusion . I-i don 't even know if what i just told you Is true or not . The other place . Something about you talking about some other place . Are they really your family ? I don 't even know anymore . I know it sounds stupid , but , I sort of do think of you as my brother . Me , too . Six , is there another place ? There is . You gotta help me get out there . They will get me- - they 're gonna get me . No , we 'll get out first . It isn 't there , is it ? Two will know we were out here . He 'll know that i betrayed him . I promise you , we 'll find it . steven , come back . 16 , come back . I 'm only just getting started- - come on ! Come back here ! ( howling ) Ah ! ( mumbling ) ( breathing heavily ) It 's gone . I have to tell you something . Shh , uncle six- - " wonkers " is on . ( laughing ) your father- - Your father 's dead ! ( laughing ) he drowned . ( screaming ) Yeah , well , 11-12 , none of us can choose our family . ( six ) he swam in the ocean . Taste the saltwater in his mouth . Felt the power of the waves . There is a way out of this place . No matter how loudly you shout that there isn 't ! You 're the one who 's shouting , six . The louder a man shouts , the more profoundly he 's wrong . I 'm not wrong . I 'm telling you the truth . My brother is dead . Six . Saying these things about his brother- - it hurts . Only a family can heal . I didn 't mean that . I didn 't mean " my brother . " Six- - oh , six . I am not a number- - i am not a number . i am - i am- - Yes , six . My name is- - damn it ! My name is- - I am six . He 's six . I am six ! That 's right . I am six- - i am six , you bastard !
