 That looks like a single platoon . There 's no pickets posted . No pickets - I don 't like it . Maybe we just caught them napping , sir . Easy pickings for a change . The sun will be up soon . Which is why we shouldn 't take too long doing it over , Captain . There 's near two ton of gold bar in them there crates . That 'll keep old Jeff Davis going for a year , maybe more . It 's time to go get them , sir . There 's always time to go . We 're always on the move . You ever notice that , Sergeant ? Never time to just be where you are , take in the scenery , enjoy the show . There is a war on , sir . Yeah , there 's always a war on , one way or another . You probably haven 't noticed that either , have you ? Just out of curiosity , what 'd you do before the war , Sergeant ? I really don 't remember , sir . Oh , figured you 'd say that . Just thought I 'd check . Not inconveniencing you , are we , Corporal ? No , sir . Just admiring that moon . It 's big enough to reach out and touch , isn 't it , sir ? You 're new here , aren 't you ? Joined the regiment at Vicksburg , sir . Hmm . Gentlemen , mark your targets ... and watch your asses . - Let 's do this . - Ya ! Go ! It 's a trap ! Hey ! What is this ? This sucks . We waited too long . Yeah , sorry about that , old friend . We 'll get them next time . Jean , stop this crap already . Wait . All right , what 'd I do wrong this time ? There were several problems with your attack strategy . You 're not fooling anyone , Frank . What ? Who said that ? I did . What ? You 're not fooling anyone , Frank ... Least of all yourself . Jean , what is - Jean , what the hell just happened ? The enemy forces knew you were coming . I know . How ? Evidence points to a confederate spy in your troops . I understand the corporal was a spy . What I don 't understand is how he was able to call me by my real name and violate the rules of the program . It 's unclear , sir , but I suspect it 's some kind of programming anomaly . I 'll try to isolate the problem . Is there anything I can do ? Just give me my messages . You have two . Dr. Meyer would like to speak with you , and Mr. Braun wanted to know if you 'd had a chance to catch the results of the game . And the results are ? New York , 27 , Washington , 10 . Oh . We 've also been experiencing some interference with our message packets . The comm array again , right ? Afraid so . I suggest a remote realignment of the transceiver assembly . Well , thanks for the perfectly obvious , Jean . Anytime , Commander . I 'm sorry , Commander , but today is Wednesday . On Wednesdays , our sponsor is Nu-Trec . Right . You 're up early . Aren 't you on night shift this week ? Couldn 't sleep . Well , since you 're up , our O2 production and CO2 absorption rates You 're in a good mood . A lot gone wrong with this heat . I think that we 're gonna be okay . Do I miss Earth ? Sure . Yeah ... Sometimes . The good parts - I miss the good parts . You could say plants are better adapted to space travel than we are . They don 't need soil or any of the nutrients it provides . They don 't care if their light comes from the Sun or an L.E.D lamp . They don 't get lonely . I 'll see what 's going on with the O2 . The comm array 's our big worry right now , but I 'm also fond of breathing . Don 't worry . I 'll look into it . Hey , I left some greens over there . Do you mind taking them to the guys ? Fine . Rika , what the hell ? What ? They 're not mine . Someone must 've lost them . Someone , huh ? Desolation Jah Wobble ] ¶ Desolation ¶ ¶ Seems to be the state of the nation ¶ ¶ Desolation ¶ ¶ Everyone in isolation ¶ ¶ is the way it seems to be ¶ ¶ to me ¶ ¶ Spiritual valley ¶ - ¶ Desolation ¶ - Hey , Commander . Hey , how 's it going ? Alice , Kenji . We 're almost finished realigning the containment field of the fusion generator . Great . You might want to review the mission rules about picking up after yourselves . Someone left this in the greenhouse last night . Yes , sir . All your fault . I think we 're pretty lucky . Nothing like a ten-year adventure to add a little romance , right ? Especially with go / no go just a few days away . I mean , it 's all come down to this . All the planning , all the training . One last chance to take the plunge or pull the plug . One last chance to mix our metaphors . Hey . That smells good . - Commander . - Fresh from Rika 's garden . - He 's got ... - I-I 'll make the salad . Well , that looks good . It needs a little something ? It 's a little salty . Mmm . It 's a bit salty , yes . Like I tell you - Yes , the Commander - A direct order . - You know what ? No , no , no . - Direct order . It needs salt . You know , get this . Would you like a little salt on yours ? How about that , huh ? Enough , enough , enough ! Enough with the salt ! I don 't know why - You 're not the head chef here ! When I-When I was a kid , there was these - Well , these rocks that we used to dive off of . Once , we dared each other to do it at night . You couldn 't even see the water . You just had to keep telling yourself that it was there . - Leap of faith . - Yeah . Faith that what we hope is out is out there and that it can turn things around for all of us . Why am I going ? You 're asking me this now ? I 'm-I 'm not here to give the old party line to the boobs back home . Sorry . That would be your problem . I have problems of my own . Dr. J. El Jefe ! ¿ como estan los niños ? Listo para hacer un grande boom ! Listo para hacer un gran - So as we prepare to slingshot around the ... As we prepare to slingshot around the iridescent planet of Neptune , slinging ... slingshotting around the ... Sure . I mean , sure , I 'm nervous . I get nervous every time we make a course adjustment . Yeah . And now , with go / no go , I mean , I guess we 're all a little freaked out . As Phaeton approaches our final go / no go point , where a slingshot around Neptune can send us home or launch us into deep space and the next phase of our five-year journey to Eridani , the air of tension aboard is palpable . And here 's the man who will ultimately decide whether ship and crew are fit to continue this extraordinary mission to a distant star . It 's been a team effort so far , but now go / no go rests squarely on his shoulders . Frank ... Uh , Commander . Well , we could really use some more interview footage of you . You know , the last one didn 't go quite like we - Roger ? of every download and web stream back on Earth ? That accusation is a direct insult to my agent , who would never accept less than 20 , Frank . Well , I hope he also got you a cut of sponsors like Nu-Trec , the finest name in uncomfortable , ill-fitting , polyester garments in the galaxy . It it 's scratchy , it must be Nu-Trec . Oh , very nice . I 'll make a note to deal with passive aggression at our next session . I see everything that happens on this ship . This whole confessional was designed by me . It was designed to be uncomfortable . It was designed to make people feel uncomfortable in the hope that they would be more real . Okay , let him go , Billie . Just head up to the core . He 's the worst interview . It 's okay . Just let him go , Billie . We have enough . Previously on Phaeton TV ... Six months ago , the research vessel Phaeton was launched on an extraordinary mission to the distant star , Epsilon Eridani , in the search for intelligent life in another solar system . But only a few months into the journey , scientists have made a shocking discovery : That Earth will become uninhabitable within a century . Now this mission of exploration has become a mission of salvation . With the hopes of billions riding on their shoulders , 12 brave astronauts now approach the most critical decision of their lives - Go or no go , Leave the Solar System and journey for ten years or turn around and come home . The stakes are enormous . The drama intense . And you 're along for every step of the way . Edge of Never , Phaeton TV , only on FOX . Once we passed go / no go , that 's when we engaged the Orion Drive for the first time . Uh , it 's the first large-scale application of this technology , without which Phaeton would never be capable of the near-light speeds that will let us reach another star system in a matter of years , instead of lifetimes . I grew up in a family of liars . And I hate nothing worse than being lied to . The physics behind it are actually quite revolutionary . That 's great , Jules . Exactly what I needed . Thank you . Oh , look who owes me money . A blocked field goal and a bad pass interference call . That 's what you call dumb luck . Uh , no . That 's what I call Tough D , a good referee , and 5 G 's you owe me , bruddah-bruddah . I 'll make it back in baseball season if we 're still out here . Oh , uh , well , she was up all night , checking the acceleration grids for erosion . Cut her some slack . Said she deserved to get wet . Surfing . Yeah . It 's her new thing . Not enough light there , she 's not . Wake her up . Sue . I don 't necessarily feel comfortable ... talking about my feelings . I know my place , and I understand that I am just one piece of a greater thing , but I am a really important piece . Doc ? Meyer ? You home ? Jean , can you locate the doctor ? Dr. Meyer is in Airlock C. Okay , Jean , tell me I 'm wrong about this . I 'm sorry , Doctor , in the basal ganglia , along with an increase in transition metals in the substantia nigra . Is there anything else I can help you with ? No , Jean . That 's all . All doctors really work under pressure ... Eh , because as a doctor , you have to respond to emergencies all the time , and we 're trained to do so . Hey , doc . You wanted to see me ? Yes . Um , there 's something I need to tell you . This can 't be good . Afraid not . All right , tell me . A member of the crew is ill . How ill ? Bad enough to send us home . Who ? Me . Sis , I hope you know how proud we all are of you , boldly going where no girl from the lower ninth ward has gone before . Little Henry here will be in his teens by the time you get back , so he 'll thank his big , brave aunt in person . I better get going before I start bawling too . Bye , sis . Love you . Do you and Kenji ever talk about having kids ? - Yeah . - And ? And , I mean , you know - you know the rules . We couldn 't be on the mission if we had kids , so we decided that the mission was more important . Alice , baby , come on . We 're on a ship . We 're gonna be here for 9 and a half years . I 'm sure that if you wanted to get pregnant , you could do whatever you wanted . Who would want to raise a child in a metal tube ? I mean , have this be the only world they know ? Eight weeks ? I 'm sorry ? Oh , you 're just starting to show , so I 'm guessing . Eight weeks ? Uh , yes . Eight . Oh , you won 't feel anything yet , hon . But they will be able to show you the heartbeat , and that 's when it really hits you . Trust me . Wow . Is this your first ? Yes . Wow . Mrs. Thibadeau , it 's good to see you again . Dr. Fallon , you wanted to see me ? Billie , good . Come in . Sit down . I , uh , finished a rough cut of yesterday 's shoot , and I think you should see this . As Phaeton approaches our final go / no go point where a slingshot around Neptune can send us home ... - or ... - Oh , God . launch us into deep space and the next phase of our five-year journey to Eridani , the air of tension aboard is palpable . That 's terrible . Billie , you 're a natural . And it 's not just me that thinks so . Five billion viewers can 't be wrong . What ? Five billion . That 's the best ratings we 've had since the launch , and it 's way better than anything I got when I was host . What are you talking about ? I 've been talking to the consortium and ... we 're all in agreement . I 'm still gonna produce the show , but from now on , you 're gonna be the voice of Phaeton . You 've got to be kidding , right ? You 've got something that just can 't be bought . People relate to you . I don 't think this is a good idea . Look at it like this : You 're doing me a favor . I 'm a shrink . I was never any good at any of this . As the realities of this mission sink in , I 'm gonna be getting a lot more patients through my door . Dr. Fallon , I don 't know what to say . Well , say yes . Yes . Yes . Say yes . Excuse me , Dr. Fallon . Manny and Val would like to speak with you . Oh , this 'll be fun . Congratulations , Billie . I 'm really proud of you . It 's two days and counting until the Phaeton reaches Neptune , and it 's the decision we 've all been waiting for - Go or no go . And while life is sweet for Kenji and Alice , things are still salty for Val and Manny . Are there just too many cooks in this kitchen ? Phaeton TV , the Edge of Never . Wednesdays at 10 : 00 , only on FOX . I don 't want any more footage of us arguing ending up on the show . Look , I am constantly getting notes from our network partners asking for more conflict in the series . You 're constantly making us into bitchy kings . - Queens . - Bitchy queens . Guys , maybe things would be different if the public knew what we know , but that 's not the case . I didn 't sign up for this . I didn 't sign to be an interstellar punch line ... - Alright ? - Well ... Look , things are much worse than the public knows back home . Dry land is becoming an increasingly expensive commodity . The security council is considering relocation visas for anyone wanting to move from the coastal regions inland . It is that bad ? It will be . Getting on one of these visa lists ... is gonna be incredibly important . I don 't know why you 're laughing . I - I have family in London , And you have family in-in Florida , right ? What are you saying ? If I don 't cooperate , then my family doesn 't get a visa ? The consortium is a very powerful company . They 're gonna be willing to help people who help them to make money . Now , I know you guys are trying to paint me as the villain here , but really , I 'm just trying to help you . We 'll do it . We 'll do it . Your family will need help . I do love you , you know . You should . Attention , all crew . Please report immediately to the briefing room . So any questions ? Yeah , I have questions . How long have you known about this , and why are the rest of us just hearing about it now ? That 's really not the issue . With all due respect , sir , the hell it isn 't . Would you get that thing out of my face ? I 'm just doing my job . Did someone give you a job to do ? Let 's just try and absorb all of the information before we make accusations , shall we ? I 'm sorry , Roger , but it 's a question , not an accusation . ... and here 's your answer . Doctor came to me yesterday with his preliminary diagnosis . I asked him to take some more time to confirm it . He did , and now you 're being briefed . Parkinson 's ? Is it fatal ? No . But it can lead to some pretty serious complications . Now , so far , I 've only experienced a few symptoms and only intermittently - Some hand tremors , uh , cramped handwriting . What comes next ? Do you start drooling ? Well , the symptoms and their rate of progression varies by individual . But commonly , we see problems with balance , uh , mobility , later with speech and swallowing , uh , fatigue . Billie , I am not kidding . - I will annihilate you . - Sue , just stop it . I 'm just doing my job . Just turn it off ! Okay , calm down , Sue . Calm down . - Well , put it away ! - Just stand down . Let 's turn it off , Billie . Let 's just all try and stay focused . - Shall I continue ? Please . - Sorry . Uh , problems with short-term memory loss and dementia , including hallucinations and paranoia , are possible late-term developments . All right , this can be treated with medication , right ? So the only relevant question here is , " Do we have the medications ? " Yes ... Well , to varying degrees . And , yes , but only in limited supplies . W - We didn 't plan for something like this . Okay . Well , we were coming up on the go / no go decision point anyway . All this means is that we 're facing a little sooner than we anticipated . I say go . - Thank you . Dementia , hallucinations , paranoia - Are we all getting a vote ? - How are we supposed to ... - Wait , are we all getting a vote ? Kids ! No one 's voting . This isn 't a democracy . I 'll make the final decision after hearing the doctor 's personal and medical assessment . Nor is anyone else gonna be briefing mission control or the consortium about this situation . You got that , Roger ? And by the way , this isn 't the only safety issue we 're facing right now . Jean 's got a list as long as my arm , any one of which can screw up this mission . So if you want to be productive , start dealing with them . I 'm just playing a role . We all play roles all the time . We become more ... deeply entrenched in them in moments of crisis . I think , from an audience perspective , it 's very exciting . I think it 's as real as it could possibly be , and ... It makes very good television . It 's always so damn restful here . Mm , not always . Oh , there are storms sometimes . The last one almost took out the supports under this balcony . I 'm in the mood for a storm right about now . That could be arranged . Talk to me . You just gonna use this Meyer thing as an excuse to dump the whole mission ? Excuse ? I 'm not saying that we 've not had an impressive array of setbacks , but it almost seems as though you 've been looking for a reason to abort . If we 're gonna go forward with this thing , we 've got to be realistic about the problems we 're facing . I mean , come on . Meyer has got Parkinson 's . Yeah , I was at the briefing . What 's going on ... really ? It 's not the - The facts of what they told us , so much ... It 's-It 's the timing . I mean , environmental disaster , okay ? How long have we been waiting for that shoe to drop ? But for it to go so wrong so fast , it 's a lot to swallow . And the closer we get to go / no go , the tougher it gets . You 're implying that they 're lying to us . - This is a $ 200-billion project . - Yeah . They 're not gonna start playing games . Maybe it 's some kind of test . - Of what ? - Of me . I 've been getting this feeling for a while now that mission control doesn 't exactly have the greatest faith in their commander . Come on . It 's not said out loud on an open channel . But reading between the lines , I 'm not so sure they wouldn 't rather see someone else in command up here . Hey ... Look me in the eye and tell me that you believe that . I don 't know what I believe . Maybe you 're right . - Maybe I 'm over-thinking this . - Yeah . But I ... I 've got this feeling in my gut . It just doesn 't add up . I know there 's something they 're not telling us . I - I know that - Oh . I 'm sorry . Do-Do go on . You should come to my place some time . You 'd like it - Open air , interesting people . Yeah , you know what , Frank ? I 'm bored . Come and play with me . You got to be kidding me . Who 's calling you here ? I didn 't program it . Are you gonna answer it ? Hello ? I 'm very disappointed in you , Rika . What ? Who is this ? You 're behaving very badly . You know that . Who is it ? I don 't know . I ca - - What ? - I don 't understand . I said , " You 're behaving very badly . " - Both of you . - What the hell ? Captain . What 's he doing here ? Wait a minute . He 's from my module . You brought him over here ? I don 't even know how to do that . No one brought me over here , Frank . I am here , and I told you before ... You 're not fooling anyone . Ugh ! Hey , baby , baby , it 's okay . It 's okay . Okay ? Shh , it 's okay . It 's okay . It 's okay . Don 't worry . Hey , come on , lie down . Shh . It 's okay . I can 't imagine the scenario in which my wife wouldn 't be here with me . And yes , it gives me some comfort . Are we going , Frank ? What ? I 'm sorry . I haven 't made a decision . You 'll be the first , okay ? - Really ? - Yeah . Promise ? Okay . It 's just the thing is , Frank , if something were to happen to you - Hit by a bus - If something were to happen to you , I 'm the one that has to pick up the bag , and I really should know where the bag is . Jimmy . I just told you I haven 't decided yet . I 'll let you know , okay ? Okay , all right . Yeah . I 'll go , then . I shall be tending to the children , if you change your mind . Hurrah . Here 's a rare moment of truthfulness . I ... respect the man greatly . I wish he respected me as much ... as I do him . Biological protection in the root zone . I mean , I think I can fix it by introducing some protective microbes - into the solution . - Good . Last thing we need is a threat to our fresh food and oxygen . Well , exactly . Um , I mean , let me show you some of these test slides I 've been working on . What exactly happened last night ? I have no idea . I didn 't think any of us could get into someone else 's module without an invitation and an access code . And I gather you didn 't extend my invitation to your little friend . So he could execute us in the sack ? I 'm not that kinky . You have your moments . You know , it 's exactly the kind of stunt Roger would pull if he knew I was cheating on him . No one 's cheating on anyone here . This is all just some harmless fantasy . Really ? Then you wouldn 't mind if I told my husband , Would you ? Okay , fine . He 's not a software expert either ; he 's just a therapist . Doesn 't have the skills to pull off something like this . Well , then someone else is screwing with us . Right . Tonight on Phaeton TV , the Edge of Never ... It 's all come down to this . It 's time for the commander 's decision . The whole reason for going on ... is that we believe that we can be successful . And if I believe that we can be successful , we will go on . The Phaeton crew grapples with the choice that will change their lives forever and ours too . Go / no go . To go or no go . Go / no go . - To go or no go . - Go . It 's the only show you can 't miss . Absolutely , there is a risk that we will go back . Phaeton TV presented commercial-free , only on FOX . Begin recording . Dear Shawn , Well , a lot 's happened since my last letter . We 've , uh - We 've had some bad news . The ship 's doctor is ill , and it could threaten the mission . Yeah , we all worked so hard for this . We , uh , competed so hard to be a part of it , you 'd think that 'd be the only thing on our minds right now . But , uh ... Well , six months in a metal tube can make you lose track of your priorities . Y - You start to focus on other things ... Things that just make you crazier . Tweety burger - What a treat . Much more meat than you can ... Eat ! Now come on , Dr. J , why are you eating that crap again ? I made a nice carbonara . Once bitten , Manny , once bitten . Well , let me - Let me do something to it . Let me put , like , a little salt in there . You want a little salt , just like a touch ? Just a little bit ? This guy paddles into the lineup . Waves like I 'm his bud . He drops in on me . - Next thing I know - - Drops in on you ? What is that ? It means he cut me off on a wave . - Okay . - Next thing I know , I 'm stuck in water while I get drilled into the reef . By the time I managed to rip off my headset , it felt like I really bought it . You should reset the parameters to no generate and - You should reset the parameters to no generate - You think I didn 't think of that ? I programmed it for a mellow break , okay ? Mellow , peaceful . Someone hacked my module . You 're looking at me ? You 're the computer genius . I didn 't touch your module . Really ? You didn 't think that maybe programming a little danger might make for a better show now that you 're the new host ? What , you think ... I 'd use your personal module just to get ratings ? I wouldn 't put it past you . Oh . - Sue . - What ? Look , I 'm sorry , but I know a computer hack when I see one . And that freak was half a mile away . That doesn 't mean Billie had anything to do with it . Alice , just shut up ! You always butt into things that have nothing to do with you . Kenji , can you do something about your wife ? - Don 't bring me into this . - She 's doing it again . No , I think a catfight is gonna happen . Oh , no . Babe . - Sorry about that . - Thank you . I didn 't want to eat this . Here , here , have mine . - See you at breakfast . - Yeah , I will . So , Sue , are you completely psychotic or only when it comes to other women ? I don 't really like women that much . So , um - Neither do I. That 's why we get along so well . - Hey . - Hey . Where have you been ? I 've been looking all over for you . I 'm okay . Are you sure ? Yeah , I 'm sure . I just needed to leave before I knocked her out . She 's got one more time to talk to me like that . Hey , okay , okay , okay , stop . Okay , stop . Okay , please stop . - N-No , no , no . - Breathe , breathe . - But you were there . - Breathe . Stop . Is there anything I can do ? Yeah . Me , the core , tonight . Ow . You think , uh , Pike 's really gonna turn us around ? If there 's any doubt , I 'm willing to take odds . The skipper knows what he 's doing . And if he thinks this problem is too big , - what do you want ? - Oh , God . Yes , you people seem to be forgetting that there 's a somewhat bigger problem back at home . So if we have to live with a little risk , I 'd say that came with the territory , wouldn 't you ? Yeah , maybe there 's bigger problems back home . All right , Braun , what-what is that ? I work mission control . They 're not above lying to the crew , you know , for our own safety . Does it mean the company man 's getting a touch paranoid ? Make fun of me if you want , but it 's making me nervous . Yeah , well , Braun , if you 're nervous , go to the commander and get a reassuring cuddle . You 've experienced this ? You know what , Jimmy ? It 's very easy to play Armchair General . Armchair what ? - He didn 't mean that . - You heard me . - Tell him you didn 't mean that . - Shut up , Jules . I meant it . Jean , identify the human figure in my landscape . I 'm sorry , Dr. Meyer , but there is no other human figure . That 's ridiculous . I 'm looking - Never mind . My mistake . Must be seeing things . - That 's the Aurelian Drive , right ? - Yeah , almost . It 's Orion . It 's named after the first design for a spaceship with nuclear-pulse propulsion , almost a century ago . A century ? That 's 100 years . Mm-hmm , that 's right . You know , sometimes it takes a long time for an idea to become a reality . Don 't you wish you were going ? I 'm a scientist , not an astronaut . But you designed it , Dad . Well , that , um ... that private consortium I told you about , um , they 're , uh , they 're already , uh ... They 're-They 're recruiting a topnotch , um ... team . Jean , freeze program . Is there a problem , Dr. Braun ? Yeah . Yeah . This isn 't my son . He 's generic . He could be anybody 's son . The program extrapolates as best it can , based on the data available , public records . Yeah , look , just-Just forget all that crap , all right , Jean ? Access me . You , Dr. Braun ? Yes , use my , um , my psych records , my evaluations , my family histories , and all other data available to build a more realistic version of this - This character , and then tap into the neural interface using real-time biofeedback of my cognitive response to shape the character . Help me . Help me find out what he 'd really be like , Jean . Extrapolation complete . Shawn ? Son ? Are you all right ? Why do you come home every night now when you never used to before ? What ? Why do you come home every night now when you never used to before I died ? Ready to replay pike simulation using reduced speed at end of recording . What ? You 're not fooling anyone , Frank . Least of all , yourself . Jean , what is - Jean , what time is it ? 18 : 31 , ship time . That 's good . It is , sir ? It 's true . It 's really true . ¶ When Johnny comes marching home again , ¶ ¶ Hurrah , hurrah , ¶ ¶ We 'll give him a hearty welcome home , ¶ ¶ Hurrah , hurrah , ¶ ¶ Men will cheer and the boys will shout , ¶ ¶ The ladies ¶ ¶ will all come out , ¶ ¶ And we 'll all feel great , ¶ ¶ When Johnny comes marching ¶ ¶ home , ¶ There are more effective treatments on Earth , but we 're here , and Rika thinks we can extract enough levodopa from the plants on board to provide an - Great . Everyone 's here . We 've been here for 15 minutes , Frank . - Didn 't you call this meeting ? - Yes , yes . Uh , I was just trying to , uh - You okay ? - I 'm fine . - You are ? Great . - Yeah , I 'm fine . - You look good . Thank you . Okay , uh , yeah , you all look good . So , uh ... on the - on the go / no go , um ... I made the decision . It 's go . We 're going on . We 're not turning back . - so I want a full systems check . - Wait , just like that ? You 're really not gonna give us a say . Wha - Uh ... Look , um ... I know it 's been-It 's been - It 's been a tough few months , and-and , uh , a lot of that 's on me . You know , I - I 've been hard on-on all of you , when the truth is you-you 've just been doing your jobs . You know , in fact ... we 've all just been doing our jobs , you know , focusing so hard on the tasks in front of us that-that we couldn 't see clearly . But now ... uh , now it 's all there , right in front of us , you know , like-like it always was . - What 's in front of us ? - Well , everything . I mean , i-it 's all about to change ; everything we know , everything we believe . But you 're right . You 're absolutely right ... Absolutely right . I 'll make this a vote . Yeah , right now ... a go / no go vote from everyone . We 'll start with the doc . You 're the man with the problem . What do you think ? Huh ? Uh ... A few days ago , I would have said no , no way , but ... Today , I-I had this experience . In your virt module , right ? Yes . Well , kind of a glitch , actually . There 's a lot of that going around . Well , whatever it was , it-it suddenly forced me to ... let go . Of everything , you know ? - I felt - - Alive . - Yes . - Yes . Exactly . Alive . And ? Well , I know this much - I want to see Eridani . Great . So doc 's made his decision . Sue . Thought you 'd never ask . Go . Alice ? Go . Manny , Val ? Come on , guys . Hook me up with a double play , huh ? I - I say go . Good to go , Commander . Yeah . Uh , Kenji , what do you say ? Go . - What ? - Go . Yeah . Okay , Roger , Roger , it 's your turn . This is a sham . We don 't live in a democracy . You 've already made your mind up , Frank . It 's a vote . Go or no go . It 's what we 're here to do . Exactly . - Rika ? - Go . Great . Billie ? - Um , go . - Yeah . Jules , my man . Well , I didn 't design it to stay . That a boy . And finally , Dr. J. Let 's hear it from Phaeton 's second-in-command . The man who 'll be left holding the bag after the bus . Huh ? What do you say , Jimmy ? Seriously ? You ready for an adventure , or ... You want to just ... roll on home ? That 's Moby Dick . Yeah , yeah , go . Hey , that 's it , then ! Okay , full systems check at 0900 . Let 's do this , people . - Whoo ! - Let 's do this . Okay . - What 'd you expect ? - Come on . Eridani , here we come . Yes . So what 's gotten into you ? You know , I 'm not sure I can put this into words , Rika . In fact , I know I can 't put it into words , but ... just trust me . It 's , uh ... It 's extraordinary . We are about to launch ourselves into deep space for the first time . And I am here with our resident nuclear physicist , Jimmy Johnson . Can you simplify it for our viewers , Jimmy ? Uh , yeah , sure , Billie . Um ... Basically , we gonna blow us up a bunch of big-ass bombs off the ass end of this here ship . Them big-ass bombs gonna vaporize some big-ass alloy plates . And the translation of all that - big-ass mass energy make us go real fast . Real fast . - Yippee-ki-yay , mother - - All right , Jimmy . Thanks , Jimmy . Alive Alone Chemical Brothers ] ¶ No way of knowing , ¶ ¶ if she 's ever coming back , ¶ ¶ No way of knowing , ¶ ¶ if I care or not , ¶ ¶ No way of knowing , ¶ ¶ if she 's right or if she 's wrong , ¶ Pre-run systems checks complete . Ready for slingshot . Okay , people , report . Meyer , Rika ? - Yeah , all set here . - Rika ? Yep . Alice , Kenji ? We 're ready . Wish we had a front-row seat . Good to go . Got to pee , but ... All right . Billie ? Yeah , ready , ready. v Manny , Val ? Fearless gay duo are ready to face unknown , Commander . Enough for now . They 're shooting this , yeah ? Oh , well , good . Big hello to all our interview fans . Be sure to buy the fully articulated Manny and Val action figures with your next purchase of Tweety Burger Mega Meal . Yeah , uh , Commander , we 're at that point of , uh , no return , so I guess - I guess we 're ready to go . So it seems . Roger ? Oh , I 'm ready to record some great footage , Frank . I 'm sure you 're not gonna disappoint me . Oh , it 's my top priority , Rog . Sue ? Uh , yeah , I 'm good here , Skipper . Navigation : Online . Core interface : Online . Stand by . You hear back from mission control about Meyer and our go-about ? No . Of course , I didn 't send the message until about ten minutes ago , which they won 't get for another 90 minutes . So we 're looking at ... probably another two hours for a response . Well , I guess they 'll just have to grin and bear it . Well , I guess so . This is the flight deck . Initiating D-spin . Distance now at 100,000 klicks . Speed increasing to 30 klicks a second . Nav , how 's our aim ? We 're three milliard seconds off the " B " plane . RCS thrusters auto-firing to compensate . Back in the pipe , five by five , ready for slingshot . Initiating . ¶ I 'm alive , ¶ ¶ I 'm alone , ¶ ¶ and I 've never wanted to be ¶ ¶ either of those , ¶ We are not gonna want for ratings this week . It 's amazing . Just a-amazing stuff I 'm getting here , guys , amazing . I 'm happy for you , Rog , but we 're a little busy right now . Nav , status ? Perfect burn . Slingshot complete . ¶ And she shines , ¶ ¶ And she shines for me , ¶ Jimmy , your show . I hope no one had a big lunch , because the ride is about to get ... bumpy . Deploying first charge . On course . Speed : 19.2 million meters per second . Roughly 1 / 15 flight speed . One down , 182 to go . Ready for another ? Hit me . Whoo-hoo ! Whoa . As I observed in chapter five ... Long duration space missions present a psychological challenge for maintaining crew motivation , morale , and individual well-being . Up to now , empirical knowledge of relevant psychological issues has been based on missions of only up to two years . However , the extended duration of the Eridani mission presents unique issues , as well as promising opportunities for further study . The re-purposing of virtual reality technology , originally designed to maintain mission-critical skills as a recreational tool is one new feature that is already showing great promise as a-as a means of ameliorating crew tension and enhancing morale . Of course , as with any new ... therapeutic technology , there are variables and-and unknowns ... among them , conflicts between the client 's expectations and the-the still unknown limits of the technology , as well as problems which can 't be anticipated ... due to the unique fusion the technology enables between intelligent computer systems ... and their biological models ... The human mind . Whoo ! Nikki , we just got a fix on Lazerus ' position . He 's in Shanghai . Skip the encore . Prep the chopper . Daiski Tokyo ! Whoo ! Great show , Nikki . This our only shot ? Yeah , both Interpol and MI-6 believe he 's changed his appearance again . All the plastic surgery in the world won 't save his ass this time . - Hell-raisers ? - Yeah ! Let 's rock and roll . Lazerus . - He shot Rico ! - Aah ! You 're not Lazerus . No , I 'm not . Ugh ! Jean-Jean , that really hurt . Can you take the physical impact down three settings ? I don 't think Jean 's gonna help you today , Billie . Jean ? Jean ? Jean , what is this ? Jean ! Jean . Program off . Jean ... Freeze program , Jean . It 's your fantasy , Billie . Why not enjoy it ? I think we should take the entire program off-line , all the virt modules , until I can fix the problem . I mean , what if somebody gets trapped in an even worse situation and struggles to get out of it like I did ? There could be synaptic damage for all I know . I think you 're right , but I 'm wondering if you 're treating this one a little bit intellectually . Your computer glitch that needs to be solved , rather than something very traumatic that happened to you personally . Well , nothing happened to me , really . I mean , physically , in reality , nothing happened . If you think about it , it 's no different than a bad dream , and dreams aren 't real , right ? Well , the events they portray may not be , but the feelings dreams evoke and the memories they leave behind , they can be as real as anything in our lives . But I 'm-I 'm curious why you chose to describe it as a dream . I 'm sorry . Uh , what do you mean ? Well , some people believe that dreams are the mind 's way of exploring things that would ordinarily be suppressed in waking hours . You 're talking about fantasies . I don 't have a rape fantasy , if that 's what you 're getting at . No , I 'm not getting at anything , Billie . I 'm just showing you your choice of words . By describing it as a dream , you 're implying it 's something that you dreamt up , as if , in some way , you blame yourself for what happened or even feel you deserved it . It 's a computer glitch , and that 's all it is . The virt modules were your baby , Roger . You fought to include them in the mission . Now you want them shut down ? Well , actually , it 's the last thing I want , but the safety of the crew has to be paramount . " In psychological terms , the Phaeton mission will amount to forced confinement for 12 people for ten years . " That 's very clever , Frank . " Without the ability to escape the confines of their metal tube periodically , to experience other environments and interact with other people , even if they 're only computer-generated , the pressures of the mission - " Yeah , you don 't have to read the whole thing . " Divisions will form among the crew . " Barely acknowledged animosities and jealousies will crop up . Paranoid and even delusional behavior is possible . " I know what I wrote , Frank . You 're playing with fire . In every sense but the physical , Billie was raped . She 's gonna feel the emotional , psychological effects of that for the rest of her life . - How is she ? - She 's in shock . Right . She 's hanging on to the virtual nature of the experience as a way of saying it wasn 't real , therefore nothing happened , and she doesn 't need treatment . What do you think ? Was it real ? What are you asking me , Frank ? I 'm asking if you know fantasy from reality , Roger . I think I do . Do you know what 's real , Frank ? I 'll tell you what I think . I think this mission has changed . I think our eyes are about to be opened and that-that - that we are on the verge of a profound awakening that-that you and I cannot even imagine . And I think the virt modules are crucial to that awakening . I won 't shut them down . In my professional opinion , your behavior of late has been erratic at best . Are you saying that to mission control ? I know the value of loyalty in any isolated crew , Frank , and I live on the ship too . What 's really going on ? I once was lost , but now I 'm found . Was blind , but now I see . Look , at the very least , the crew deserve to know the facts . They 're our friends as well as our colleagues . Don 't lead them into treacherous waters unaware , Frank . You know , Roger , you 're right there . They do deserve to know the truth . The truth shall set them free . Whoo ! A sexual assault ? Could you be more specific ? Assault against who ? Well , there 's a privacy issue here . I 'm not at liberty to describe the attack in detail or who experienced it . But in my opinion , there is a serious defect in the virt software , and I 'm strongly recommending that we refrain from using the virt modules . Uh , for how long ? Until we know the problem 's been identified and repaired . Can 't we just upload new software ? Not at this range and speed . We 're lucky to get simple engineering packets , let alone complex software uploads . I don 't think there 's anything to fear from the virt modules . Are we talking about a permanent shutdown ? Possibly . Well ... We 've all experienced computer glitches before , and just to play Devil 's advocate here , isn 't it possible that we 're overreacting ? You heard him say " sexual assault , " right ? Yes . What does that mean exactly ? I mean , there 's a big difference between somebody getting a pinch on the ass and being gang-raped . Well , someone was violated by a computer program . Doesn 't matter what it means exactly . Um , for once , I have to agree with Jimmy here . and I don 't mean to sound insensitive or anything , but , uh , these programs are the only chance that any of us have for privacy here on the ship . And if all we 're talking about is some C.G. character copping a feel , I don 't think it 's a - Wait , I 'm sorry . What kind of logic is that ? One of these characters shot me , Jules . Sorry , is murder a gray area for you too ? People get shot in their action programs - all the time . - It wasn 't in an action program . I was relaxing in my beach house . I was supposed to be alone . An intruder came in and shot me in my bed when I was alone . So you were shot , and someone else was assaulted . It 's a simulation . Look , just go back in , create a couple machine guns , take your revenge . You 'll feel better , believe me . Look , I 'm sorry . I just don 't see what the big deal is . None of it 's real . It 's all in your head . Brilliant , brilliant . You and I are gonna revisit this . Well , we 're still waiting to hear from you , Skipper . Gonna shut down the modules or not ? No , I 'm not . Knock , knock . What ? Can I come in ? Yeah . I 'm sorry . They 're idiots . I knew that . How old are you ? I 'm 24 . I was 24 when I joined the marines . And I was on , uh ... I was on this training mission , and two guys from my own unit ... They , um ... You know , these guys - I mean , I - I ate with them . I racked with them . I - It - And that was the worst part , you know ? Just the realization that none of that mattered , that I didn 't even really exist to them . That 's the thing , you know . Like , these guys ... They don 't get it , you know . They don 't get that ... that even when something like this happens in the real world , your mind is where it happens , more than your body . I mean , when that 's going on , you 're not even in your body . They 've already taken that from you . The only thing that I can tell you right now ... is you 're gonna be okay . Don 't listen to those asses telling you that it 's not real or it 's all in your head , and so it doesn 't matter . Just feel it . You play the flute ? Yeah . You any good ? I 'm okay . Yeah , you are . So what was that conversation you had with Frank yesterday ? There 's been quite a lot going on with him . Mm-hmm . You 've noticed it too ? Well , yeah . But quickly , the last few days , one minute , depressed , angry , at the-at the crew . That 's not like him , really . He 's very level . The next minute , he 's up . He 's completely high as a kite . Just now we saw him . He 's ... - Kites ... - Well , maybe he 's happy . - I don 't know . - Maybe he 's happy . I - I hope he 's happy . Something might 've cheered him up . I don 't know , but something is not ... quite right , and I 'm not sure what to do about it . Excuse me , Commander . Commander ? Yes ? There 's a call from Jules on the flight deck . We got a problem here , boss . Uh , we retracted the comm array so we could those air-braking tests , and now , it won 't deploy again . It could be a servo failure . It could be a blown power supply , but I 've done all I can from here . Somebody 's gonna have to take a walk , check it out . Tell Rika , Val , and Manny to grab their pressure suits and meet in the airlock . Jules , you 're in charge of monitoring the E.V.A. Roger . Julia Child says that the key to making great souffle is beating of egg whites to form air bubbles that expand - with heat from oven , yes ? - Oh , right , yeah , I like Julia . She came to our send-off , right ? She 's the one that brought all the - No , no , no , that 's Julia Childress . - This is different . - It 's probably a fried circuit board . I design these things to withstand a sub-zero vacuum and every stress known to man , and then some suit comes along , checks a box , and farms it out to the lowest bidder . You think if there 's one thing they wouldn 't cut corners on , huh ? Yeah , no comm array , no data uploads , no show ... Not that I mind . Hey . Atlas , do you want a hand with that ? I can manage . Sure you can . Lift it . Ah , it 's heavy . Can I ask you a personal question ? - Mm-hmm . - Are you going nuts ? Probably , but would I know it if I were ? - Uh , probably not . - No . First clue you 'd have would be us rushing at you with , uh , ropes and a syringe . Until then , I guess you 'll all just have to trust me . Damn it . This thing won 't release . Well - Can you get me a pair of pliers from the locker ? You 're not serious . No , concerned . As a member of the crew - I 'm fine . Now get me the pliers , please . There we go . One of these is a backup , and one of them is the one that 's supposed to - Let 's check . We have one , two ... This-Did you - Hey . Hey . Very funny . Who 's the joker ? So do you , uh , want - Open the door if you want it . - All right , seriously , Commander . - Sorry ? So open the door . - Oh , Commander , Commander . - I can 't hear you . - Come on , why don 't you get out - - I can 't hear you . Attention , Airlock C outer door has unsealed and will open in 20 seconds . No , no , no , no . He hasn 't got his helmet on . Jean , reseal the outer door . Unable to comply . Outer door is not responding to computer commands . Flight deck , we have a problem in Airlock C. Okay , we 're on it . Something 's tripped the outer-hatch release . - Jimmy , Jimmy . - I 'm ahead of you . It 's coming , it 's coming . It 's gonna take a second . Pike 's gonna get sucked out there . Don 't shout ! - Open the door , Jean ! - Open the door , Jean ! The outer door is now opening . Override command , Jean ! Let 's go , let 's go ! Rika , listen to me . - Do something ! - I cut the power bus . The outer door is not opening anymore , but I can 't shut it . In 60 seconds , exposure to vacuum will result in Commander Pike 's death . Projecting remaining time . Help ! Manny , help ! - Come on , come on ! - Come on . Hurry up ! I 'm trying , I 'm trying ! Come on ! Helmets on , gloves ! Come on , gloves , helmets now ! Can 't we override the system inside here ? He 's doing that right now ! - Come on ! - Get the door open ! I 'm trying to open it ! Hurry , come on ! Val , come on ! Go , go , go , go , go , go ! Come on , get it open ! Go ! We 're in ! Guys , I need you to do something manual in there . Jean , is Commander Pike still on the ship ? 20 seconds . Come on , come on , come on , come on . Fix it ! Door closing . Standard atmospheric pressure is being restored . Frank . Val , where are you ? Ah , so he 's ... gone . And I am ... in command of the mission . Oh , happy day . So it 's Saturday . Or Sunday . I don 't know which . Time 's different now . Everything 's different now . Everything moves faster or slower . I don 't know which . But it 's Saturday somewhere , right ? This makes no sense whatsoever , and it makes utter , utter sense . I 'm sorry . It 's not real . I 'm just ... playing a role . I even had it written down , what I was gonna say . Because if , in some way , by controlling my emotions , I could control the crew 's emotions , I could control your emotions . I mean , how are we supposed to trust Jean ? I mean , Jean knows everything . Jean does everything , and then the outer door just opens . Oh . And then we 're supposed to complete our mission . We can 't complete our mission with - Oh . What are we supposed to do ? We have ten years . No captain . God , don 't you touch - Touch me ! Shh ! Shh ! Shh ! Are you happy now , Roger ? Will this boost our ratings ? Dear Shawn , I don 't know why I 'm still writing to you . It 's not as if I 'm - I 'm pretending that you 'll ever read these letters . But , um , I have to tell someone about this , and right now there just , uh , isn 't anyone else . There was no question about turning back . Having passed go / no go , we 're committed to the mission . There was a brief argument about the investigation into the commander 's death . When we , uh , pulled apart the , uh , air-lock mechanism , we found a short inside one of the hydraulic relays - A 20-cent fuse that must 've overloaded . Now , Rika felt that we should continue to study other possible causes , but Dr. Johnson ... Dr. Johnson , who was second-in-command , declared it an accident . Said we had no choice but to move on ... Try and put it behind us . Well , after that , we all just tried to get back to normal . But what 's normal ? You got to ask yourself when you 're hundreds of millions of miles from Earth , and you 've just lost the one man who was able to hold you all together , and you know something that nobody else knows . I know every inch of this ship , every system , every subsystem . And I also know this ... there is no way that that outer air-lock door could 've opened on its own , no matter how many relays were shorted out . It 's impossible . Someone had to do something deliberate that caused that door to open ... which means that someone on this ship is a killer . And because I don 't know who that is ... I can 't trust anyone . I love you . I love you . I love you . I love you . Jean . Yes , Rika . Whose headset is that ? It 's Commander Pike 's . What 's it doing here , in my quarters ? I don 't know . What do I do now ? You mean , what do we do ? Just what Jimmy said . Get some guns . Find that scumbag . We kill him . I need to see the doctor now . - Do you have an appointment ? - No . We need to talk . Nurse ? A lot of wounded here . Tell your doctors to give them their best care . Jean , when did Frank - Commander Pike create this character ? I have no record of when this character was created , or by whom . Can you take care of my men ? I can try . Thank you , ma 'am . Frank . It 's okay , Rika . None of it 's real . What ? Follow me through the mirror and down a rabbit hole , because the only way out for any of us now is to keep going . Trust me . It has to be this way . Yah . Frank ! Do you think if I play a video game and I kill someone in that video game , should I then be tried for murder ? I don 't think it 's real . Uh , it 's a game .
