 The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 ... Promicin is out there . People are gaining abilities , and nothing can be done about that . Kyle , listen to me . If you 're involved in something ... Collier will lead the human race to salvation . You will help him . - What is this place ? - Cassie said we should come here . You are on the wrong path here . And you 've always been rebellious , but I think you 're afraid of change , Shawn ... or is it just me ? You don 't really know this girl at all , do you ? Baby ... Get your hands off of me . I share an office with two of the most annoying guys on the planet . I don 't understand why Collier would risk coming back to Seattle . It 's like he 's daring us to catch him . This is a message of hope for a better tomorrow , and it begins here , in Promise City . I was going to ask you if you wanted to be a part of this operation . Believe me , I want Collier as much as anyone . It 's not Collier I was thinking about . He 's my son . I 've got to believe I can still reach him . Diana , what the hell 's going on ? Where is everyone ? I don 't know . You 're the first person I 've seen . I just woke up on the floor of the break room . Why were you sleeping in the break room ? - I don 't know . - Why was I sleeping at my desk ? The last thing I remember was going ... - to bed at home . - The last thing I remember , I was going over case files in my living room . Why did I just wake up underneath my office chair ? Please tell me you know how we got here . Possibility one , we 're under attack . Someone with a grudge against the NTAC , used a 4400 ability against us . - Maybe more than one . - That would explain the memory gaps . But if a 4400 were coming after us , why are we still alive ? Are we the only survivors in the building ? Maybe , or maybe the attackers haven 't gotten down to our level yet . Let 's not ignore possibility two ... The world at large is under attack . The building 's reacting to a security situation out there . So , what , we 're the only survivors in the world ? Could we come up with a possibility that doesn 't involve an attack ? It 's not responding . We 're locked out of the building 's network . I can 't even access the system . Maybe we can do it from OPS . Try to get in through the mainframe , establish some kind of contact with the outside world . Or maybe we could just walk out the front door . Do you hear that alarm ? That means the building 's sealed , and it 's going to stay sealed until someone overrides the security protocols . We could be the only ones here who know how to do that . All right . Get yourself ready to go . I don 't care if this building is crawling with every p-positive in Seattle , we 're getting to OPS . First , wake up P.J. Wake up , man . No phones , no email . Even the emergency radio doesn 't work . Internal surveillance is down , too . I can 't find a sidearm anywhere . Good to see we 're not alone . God , tell me you 've got some answers . You got into the network . Good job , Brady . That wasn 't me . I 'm still locked out . The alarm just went silent . The phones are still dead . If the security system is down , that could mean the exits aren 't sealed . We could get out of here . It 's worth checking out . Tom , you and I will scout ahead , make sure there 's a safe path to the exit . Oh , and , Diana , make sure you stick with these guys . Watch their backs while they work on establishing communications . Wait . - Let 's go . No one 's there . - There 's no one anywhere . We haven 't seen a soul since we left OPS . Season 4 - Episode 08 " No Exit " Benj ! aSpro5oo Collier , what the hell did you do to this place ? Dad ? Kyle ? What 's going on here ? - Answer me ! - Kyle , run ! Hold it ! Kyle , no ! Kyle , wait ! Wait , kyle ! Open the door . Open the door , Kyle ! Whatever you 're doing here , you have to stop . You have to convince Collier to stop . Open the door ! What are you doing here ? Where are we ? What did you do to me ? What the hell is going on ? It wasn 't me . I didn 't do anything . This looks like NTAC . Did we get arrested ? I was working late in my apartment . I don 't remember anything after that . Maybe the government 's rounding up 4400s . They have soldiers with abilities . They could 've messed with our memories . Why would they put you and me together ? Hello ? I don 't understand . Collier has just built a huge settlement for himself in the middle of Seattle . That 's a huge win for him . Why would he risk everything and attack the building ? He didn 't stick around to explain himself . Whatever he 's planning , we have to be ready to defend ourselves . Guys ... Can we lower the blast doors over the entrances to this room ? They 're controlled by the computer , and we still can 't access the system . We could move the furniture and build a barricade . Great , we 'll make a wall made out of desks and chairs . I 'm sure that will be really helpful , especially if they 've got somebody who can melt our brains from around the corner . - Do you have a better idea ? - Wait , there 's a weapons locker a few floors down . That 's where we store all the assault rifles . Maybe Collier hasn 't gotten to it yet . Believe me , I don 't want to point a gun at Kyle , but ... if Collier is leading some kind of attack , we need something more than office supplies to fight back with . - What 's happening ? Why am I here ? - We checked that room . It was empty . You 're okay now . You 're with me . You 're safe . My dad and his boss seemed just as surprised as we were . It sounded like they thought Jordan brought us here . Did he ? Jordan had nothing to do with this . He doesn 't always share his plans , Kyle . - Guess you haven 't learned that yet . - My relationship with him is different from the one you two had . He doesn 't hide things from me , and he sure wasn 't planning an assault on NTAC . You guys , wait . We can 't fight , not now . We 've got to find Jordan . He 's trapped in here , too . I 'm not going anywhere without him . You guys do whatever you want . I 'm going to find my way out of here . What , Isabelle ? What ? Listen , whatever 's going on here , we have a much better chance of getting out if we stick together . Now , stay with us . We 'll find Jordan , and we 'll leave as a group . It 's not responding . These locks are supposed to run on reserve power . What good is a weapons locker if you can 't get into it during an emergency ? Maybe we can find a crowbar or something . Try to force the door . Hold on . If we can pry that face-pad off , I might be able to short-circuit it . Really ? You 're going to ... hotwire the door open ? Don 't look so surprised . I worked in a think tank for years . You 'd be amazed at the things I picked up around the water cooler . Try this . - Where 'd you get that ? - My desk drawer . You said we might have to defend ourselves with office supplies , so ... What ? Nothing . Nothing , I 'm just ... wondering how you do it . We all wake up in the middle of NTAC with no explanation , and now we 're down in the basement , trying to break into a weapons locker so we can fight off an attack by God knows how many people with 4400 abilities . It seems pretty hopeless , right ? But you , you just keep moving forward . If I stopped cold every time a situation looked hopeless , I wouldn 't have lasted very long in this job . All I do is focus on what 's in front of me . In a few years , you 'll look back , and you 'll realize that you survived by doing exactly the same thing . A few years ? I 'm flattered you think I 'll last that long . Here , come on , give me a hand . Right now , I 'll twist , and you pull , all right ? There . All right . There we go . Jordan ... And none of you has any idea how we got here ? But everyone 's all right ? Nobody 's hurt ? I 'm fine . - What are you doing here ? - All the exits are sealed , so I looked for this place . NTAC imprisons 4400s here , and those who have taken the shot . I was looking for allies . The entire wing 's empty , so I guess you 're out of luck . No . I 'm not out of luck . I found you three . That should be enough . Enough for what ? Their operations center 's on the second level . Communications gear , security controls . We get there , we can contact Promise City , send for help . That 's where my dad 's office is . They 're all going to be there . Likely , There 's no other way . We need control of that room . You 're talking about overpowering a bunch of government agents , Jordan . What are we gonna do , take hostages ? Shawn , they brought us here against our will . They 're the aggressors . I 'll walk out of here peacefully if I can , but I will walk out of here . And any of you not wanting to spend the rest of your life in one of these cells should join me . - Are you all right ? - Yeah , yeah . Yeah , it 's fine . It 's fine . Prepare to be impressed . Guess the shock was worth it . I 'm impressed . There 's nothing here . It 's empty ! What happened ? Are you all right ? I 'm fine . I don 't know what happened . I 'll try and get the lock open again . Are you there ? My God , Meghan . Look at me . I don 't understand what happened . It 's like that door closed by itself . We were only apart for a few seconds . It was an accident , Tom . Maybe . But we wouldn 't be stuck in here if it wasn 't for Collier . Meghan 's death is on him . We can add it to the list of thousands he 's responsible for . This doesn 't make any sense . She shouldn 't be dead . We have to get the computers back online . Let 's just focus on that . What exactly are we supposed to be looking for ? Anything we can use to defend ourselves . Kyle , this is crazy . Are we supposed to use these on someone ? I hope not . This was all I could find . A broom handle ? What am I supposed to do with this ? Use it , or don 't , but I 'm not inclined to give up without a fight . See , why do you think that we need to fight ? Didn 't you say that when you ran into my uncle that he thought that you were behind this ? You think that they are . Does that not beg the question , what if it was neither of us ? What if something else is causing this ? First , we control that room , then we ask questions . No , let 's ask them now . What you seem to be forgetting is one of those NTAC agents that you are so intent on battling is my uncle . Kyle 's father . There 's gotta be some way that we communicate with him . I 'll go . You three can wait here for me . What ? It 's just the future gave you the right ability . You 're always looking for the peaceful solution , for healing . I admire that , even if it means you can 't be part of the movement . What 's going on ? Come on , we need to go . Get down ! You know , it doesn 't have to be so weird and quiet in here . You guys can talk to each other . What ? It 's not weird and quiet . Your mom and I talk to each other all the time . I guess , but you used to come over almost every night . We 'd play games . It was fun , and you don 't come over anymore . It 's like we 're supposed to pretend nothing ever happened . It 's complicated , sweetie , but ... Marco and I , we are friends . Aren 't friends supposed to see each other sometimes ? Everybody , get out here ! They 're coming ! You keep the door locked and stay down , no matter what you hear . Everyone , stay back ! just stay back ! Whatever you 're here to do , whatever you want , - it 's not going to happen . - Dad , we 're not doing this . Please let me in . We don 't want to fight . Meghan Doyle is dead , Kyle . Do you understand ? She 's dead . - How could you do this ? - I told you , it 's not us , all right ? We just woke up here . We don 't know what happened . - It 's the truth . - You 're lying ... Oh , God . You 're hurt ? What happened ? A window blew out . I got cut . - And shawn ... - Shawn ? Oh , no ... This isn 't right . This isn 't how it 's supposed to happen . He 's dead . Because of you ! Two people lost their lives because of you ! I had nothing to do with this ! - The hell you didn 't ! - Stop ! He 's telling the truth ! He didn 't bring you here . I did . I made this happen . I took the shot . We 're all here because of my ability . I took the shot about two months ago . Once promicin got out there , I knew it was going to change everything forever . Science , politics , religion . I just wanted to be part of it . I had to be part of it . Then one night , my fiancee and my mother had this huge fight about the guest list at our wedding . I went to bed wishing there was something I could do to smooth things over between them . When I woke up , I was someplace else . Me , my mom , Sara . We didn 't know how we got there , but ... we were trapped in this huge traffic jam on the Spokane street bridge . It was an hour away from when we were supposed to get married . We had to work together to get across town , and when I say " work " , I mean , work . There were earthquakes , floods , a fire . It was crazy . But we survived together , and we got to the church just in time . I kissed Sara at the end of the ceremony , and then we all woke up at home . The game was over . The game ? I figured out how it works since then my ability . It 's like a game . P.J. , stop using the word " game " . There are two people dead . I 'm not sure about that . No one 's ever died before . I don 't know what that means for the real world . Why NTAC ? Why did you pick this place ? I didn 't pick it . You did . We all did . But I have no control over anything else . We determine where we go , all of our mind , together . It 's a subconscious thing . NTAC means something different to each of us , but it matters to everyone ? That 's how we got here ? Exactly , and there 's always an obstacle ... Something all the players have to work together to overcome . I know this sounds weird , but in this case , I think the obstacle is the building itself . You 're saying NTAC is trying to kill us ? That makes sense . The building electrocuted Meghan . The building caused the wind burst that shattered that window and killed Shawn Farrell . So , what are we supposed to do ? Just sit here and wait for it to pick us all off ? We 're supposed to work together . That 's the whole point . I sit in my office every day , and I read about how things are getting worse , about how it 's just a matter of time before everything blows up . A war between positives and negatives . That 's why I brought people from both sides here . I wanted to help . I wanted to bring the two camps together . So we get to watch each other die one by one ? That 's a hell of a valuable lesson . You haven 't just put our lives at stake . If I die , if Kyle dies here , that could mean the end of the movement . You 've jeopardized everything we 've worked for . Let 's not make it easy for this place to hurt us . We should move all the computers outta here . Anything electronic ... No , there might be a way out of this . The last couple times I played , I figured out that there 's always a back door . If I find it , I can walk through it , and if I do , the game ends . We all wake up . Hopefully , Shawn and Meghan do , too . Where is it ? It 's usually at the far edge of the playing field . Wherever I woke up in the game , it 's as far away from there as possible . Wait , wait , you came to in the theory room , right ? Marco , find some maps of the building . Figure out where this back door should be . Everyone , get to work , and be careful . Do you think Shawn 's really gone ? I don 't know . Let 's hope not . Look , I know you think taking the shot was wrong . But I knew what I was doing . I mean , I knew that following Collier meant I had to get used to people dying , maybe even people I knew . I kept saying , you know , these deaths weren 't meaningless . They were sacrifices . I still believe that . I do . But seeing Shawn lying there ... You might want to remember that feeling the next time Collier hands down orders . Look , I don 't want to lecture you , but you don 't know what it is to worry about you the way I do . Every time I hear something about Collier on the news , every time I pick up the paper in the morning , I 'm afraid that I 'm going to learn that you 're in jail , or that you 're dead . I don 't see how it could end any other way for you . We could win . We could save the world . Well , I want a son , not a martyr for Collier 's cause . Dad , that 's enough gauze . I 'm sorry . I guess I never stop being a dad . I think Marco 's got something . That 's it . The dead end of this hallway on sub-level 11 . That 's the farthest point in the building from our office . If P.J. ' s back door is anywhere , that 's the spot . - All right , I 'll go . - Not alone , you won 't . This whole building is one big trap . We 're not sending you out there on your own . He won 't be alone . As far as I know , I 'm the only one who can end this . I have to be the one to walk through that door . All right , get yourself ready . We 're leaving in 2 min . I 'm going with you . This is supposed to be an exercise in cooperation . I think it 's fitting we divide the risk . I 'm thinking we should take the stairs . You cared about Shawn , didn 't you ? Shawn was just a little kid when his father left my sister . I tried to take an interest in him , do what I could to help raise him . Well , you did a fine job . He was an extraordinary ... He is ... an extraordinary young man . He and I have grown apart . It 's difficult , losing someone you 've ... You 've invested so much time in . You made that bed for yourself . Shawn broke off from you because he didn 't agree with what you believe in and you were too rigid to change . Isn 't that why Kyle pulled away from you ? Hey , don 't compare the two situations . For one thing if it wasn 't for you , we wouldn 't be standing here wondering whether Shawn was alive or dead . You put the shots out there , which is why he could take one , and that 's why two people I care about might be dead . The spread of promicin is not to blame . The fear of it is . Your government prevents people who 've taken the shot from learning how to control their abilities . You 've criminalized the gifted . So what ? We should all just step aside and let you run the world ? Can you two ever stop arguing ? You are literally going to get us all killed ! If you can 't calm down , you both might as well go back to OPS right now . I 'll find the way out myself . These are the stairs . Let 's go . Would you mind going first ? I got your back . If this back door thing doesn 't work out we 're gonna need another plan . We already know we can 't get to the generators , so ... Maia , what are you doing ? I 'm just helping kyle . We don 't know this place as well as you guys , but we might as well pitch in . I mean , who knows ? Maybe we 'll come up with something . Okay , that 's great . Maia , will you go stand with Marco ? - Mom , we 're just trying to ... - Go now . You know , I want to get out of here too , just the same way you do . I know you hate me . Tell you the truth , I don 't blame you , but you do need to work with me . That 's the game . You threatened my daughter 's life . I know . You shot me for it , remember ? Yeah , six times , more if I could have reloaded . I really don 't care what this little exercise is supposed to be about . You just stay the hell away from Maia . Maia , come over here . That 's it . If we can get through that door , that should be the way out . Let me try . That 's me . My bedroom . Looks like we found our back door . I know I 'm going to jail when we all wake up . Just ... make sure everyone knows I 'm sorry . He 's dead . It 's gone . The way out , it 's gone . That won 't work . P.J. said he 's the only one who can end this early . Yeah , well , I 'm not giving up . Neither am I. The back door was just that , a way out , one option . There is another . We play out the game . Try to survive . Win . - Win ? - P.J. said there was a goal to every game , an end point . - We don 't know what that is . - Not yet , but I doubt we 'll find it down here . We head back up to the operations room , we stick together , figure out a way to live . Wait a second . Is it me or is it getting hotter in here ? That air 's got to be well over a hundred degrees . So this place is going to cook us all ? I don 't know about you guys , but personally I 'd rather be electrocuted than fricasseed . Nobody 's getting cooked . The environmental controls are just a few floors down . We can change the temperature manually . It won 't work . The temperature control runs through the main computer network , and we still can 't access the system . We need to kill the building . This place runs on power . We take that away , it can 't hurt us anymore . We shut the building down , we win . Cut the power , you don 't think we 've thought about that ? The emergency generators are sealed off . Well ... it 's actually not that bad of an idea . Look , we can 't shut the generators down because we can 't get to them , but if we could find a way to create an electrical surge ... big enough to overload the emergency systems ... There 'd be a power outage . This place would go black . There 's two major power relays that run throughout this entire building . Our everyday system and the emergency line . If we can find a place where the 2 relays run close to each other ... Connect the two lines and " zap " ! Short the building out . There . We keep all the computer servers in that room . Every power conduit in the building runs through there . If P.J. hasn 't gotten us out of here in two minutes , Marco , you and I are heading to that room . You find the longest power cord you can and strip the insulation off of it . You 're coming with us . It 's your idea . You should have a chance to see it through . What is that ? Um , the building . I don 't think it likes our plan . What 's happening ? It 's not blowing air into the room anymore . It 's sucking it out . Okay , guys , we 're not waiting two minutes . We 're all going now . The blast doors are down . - Hello ! - Stay there . - Dad ! - Kyle , what 's happening ? The building shut us off ! Sucking all the air out of the room ! Tom , I don 't think we 've got much time ! You have to try and short-circuit the building 's power supply ! - This was all I could find . - We need to run that cord between these two power relays . If Marco 's right , that 'll shut this place down . This is not nearly long enough . Then find more ! These power lines are all ... They 're all sealed into the wall . If we could rip these out of the ceiling . No , they 're dying in that room . We don 't have time . There is one way to complete the connection between these relays . Us . We complete the circuit ourselves . You 're talking about ... running thousands of volts of electricity through our bodies . We 'll die . We will , but if your colleagues are right ... We 'll end this thing . So how about it ? You don 't strike me as a man afraid of a sacrifice . I keep telling myself it 's just a game , but you know what ? I still don 't feel like dying . It 's not an experience I 'm looking to revisit . Well , I guess it 's like you 're always saying ... Just have to have faith . - On three ? - On three . One ... Two ... Three ! Mommy ! Sweetheart , you okay ? You 're okay . You 're not hurt . I 'm fine . Is Jordan here ? Have you seen him ? Can I talk to Tom Baldwin , please ? Hi . We , uh ... we picked up P.J. After he woke up , he tried to make a run for Promise City , and , uh , we ... I 'm fine , really . It 's okay . I 'm sorry . It 's just ... I watched you die last night . You have no idea how good it is to see you right now . I 'm sorry that things got ... so out of hand , and I know I 'm going to jail for taking the shot , so it 's probably the wrong time to say this , but ... if everything you told me is true , maybe it 'll be worth it , playing the game . How could you say that ? It was scared , but my ability worked . Jordan Collier and Tom Baldwin actually cooperated . They sacrificed themselves to save the other players . That has to mean something , right ? Let 's hope so . I 'd hate to think you gave up your freedom for nothing . Someone will be here shortly to take you downstairs . Are you okay ? It 's going to be strange not having P.J. in the office anymore . Yeah , I know it 's not P.C. , but I kind of admire what he did . You know , I know Jordan Collier a hell of a lot better than I did a day ago , and he knows us . That 's got to be a good thing . Yeah , well ... We 'll see about that . Marco , I ... Was Maia right ? Have things gotten weird between us ? Kind of hard to avoid , right ? You broke up with me , and I still have to see you every day . Well , if you 're up for it , I really would like to be friends , and I promised Maia that I would cook a meatloaf tomorrow night , and ... Maybe you could come by . I know that she would really like that . So would I. The infamous Skouris meatloaf . It 's gotten better , I promise . Will I see you then ? Your son 's fine . We all are . I wanted you to know . Well , I appreciate that . I 've been leaving him messages all morning . I talked to shawn a while ago . He 's ... He 's doing all righ , too . I don 't want any misunderstanding . Nothing 's changed between us . I 'm still gonna give promicin to anyone who wants to make a difference . And I will still build Promise City . And you 're gonna wind up in handcuff , and I 'm gonna be the one putting them on you . You called me Jordan just then . I guess I did . P.J. accomplished that much , anyway . So ... Tom ... Would you like to hang up , or shall I ?
