 You belong here ... in Promise City , - with us , Kevin . - Since when did kidnapping become part of this new religion of yours ? A promicin compatibility test would be death to this movement . I wish Jordan had buried that stuff somewhere . Just do me a favor , okay , and just hold off for a while . Curtis , what about the conspiracy ? What about The Marked ? Curtis , what about the conspiracy ? What about The Marked ? I made the whole thing up . They got to you . they bought you off . There 's a very good chance the director of National Intelligence is marked . You don 't feel any different , do you ? You mean , am I one of The Marked ? Some kind of zombie controlled by a future human ? You 're not Tom Baldwin , are you ? Promicin is evil . People who use it are evil . Their goal isn 't to change the world , it is to end it . You can stop them . What do we do now , Diana ? We gotta find a way to get the real Tom Baldwin back . With Tom , sometimes , I think he knows . Like , I could be working a case and I catch him staring at me like he 's ... studying me , and trying to figure out if I 'm onto him . I know , and we 're supposed to act like nothing 's changed . I 've been seeing the guy . Every time he puts a hand on me , I have to ... keep myself from shivering . We can 't keep this up forever . Sooner or later , he 's going to figure out we know he 's marked . We have to ... find a way to get rid of that thing inside him . All that water . Takes some getting used to , huh ? They 'll just pollute it . They don 't know what to do with the resources they have . Isabelle 's in Promise City . As soon as she gets close to Collier , she 'll move . She knows not to damage him , right ? Good . There 's one other thing I need you to take care of . A potential loose end . Your partner 's daughter , Maia Skouris ? If she has the wrong vision at the wrong time ... It could complicate things . I 'll handle it . We don 't even know how they make someone marked . Never mind how you 'd get one of those things out of somebody . Without more information , I don 't know what we can do . There is someone ... who knows more about The Marked than we do . Feel like a trip to Canada ? Cut ! Print ! Perfect ! Curtis , I think we need to go again . There was a camera shadow on ... Don 't worry about this , we 'll fix it in post . I 'm gonna be in my trailer while you light the next shot . I got to make some tweaks to this scene . Phil ... Great job , Phil ! Hello , Curtis . Sit down . We have some questions for you . About what ? About what camera lens you 're using ... What do you think , Curtis ? We want to talk about The Marked . I already told you guys , I made all that up . The Marked aren 't real . I have to work . If you want to watch me direct , I can get you some headphones . You 're not going back to work any time soon . Now all we need you to do is tell us how to kill one of those things . Season 4 - Episode 12 Tiny Machines swsub. com Benj ! aSpro5oo You guys shouldn 't even be here . It 's not safe . I 'm pretty sure people are watching me all the time . So you do admit The Marked are real . This is simple . Tell us what we want to know and we 'll be gone . How do you get one of those things out of somebody ? Look , I 'm not even sure you can . I burned my screenplay , but there was this one scene I was writing . They were marking Matthew Ross . They had to put some kind of weird fluid into his spine . I think that 's how they take people over . The characters I was writing , they kept talking about these ... tiny machines inside the fluid . Tiny machines ? - What does that mean ? - Look , I 'm a filmmaker , not a ... scientist . All by yourself ? I like it here in the morning . It is pretty . What 's your name ? Sophia . What can you do ? What makes you special , Sophia ? You know how we have five senses ? I can play with them . I can make whichever ones I want stronger or weaker . So if you want to ... you could make someone blind or deaf ? Sophia , why don 't you come along with me ? Shawn , this is Sophia . She 's so nice . She 's going to help us out . All right . I think you 've gathered enough people now . We know where they 're holding Kevin . Let 's go get him before everyone wakes up . Ready to get out of here ? It 's good you came . They wouldn 't give me any sunflower seeds . I found that agitating . - Whatcha doing ? - Just walking to the bus stop . - Where 's my mom ? - Yeah , I 'm working solo today . Diana told me she had an errand she need to run . I 'm heading your way . Do you want a lift ? - Sure . - Great . That was kind of weird , huh ? How we just saw each other on the street ? To be honest , Maia , it wasn 't a coincidence . I ... I wanted to talk to you about your mom . Is something wrong ? It 's probably nothing , but ... She 's been acting funny at work . I think she 's under a lot of stress . Have you noticed anything ? Not really . I ... I guess she 's been working hard . She talks to your new boss all the time . She even comes over here at night sometimes . Really ? Do you think I could have a little ice with this soda ? - Oh , yeah , sure . - Thanks . What about visions , Maia ? Have you seen anything unusual lately ? - Anything at all ? - No , just ... - Just little stuff . - Yeah ? Thanks . Wait , cheers . Can 't remember the last time I had root beer . It 's good . Well , I guess it 's probably nothing . But you know what , do me a favor , though . Don 't ... Don 't tell your mom we had this little talk . I don 't want her to think that I 'm worried about her . Okay . - You feeling tired , sweetie ? - A little . Why don 't you take a nap ? I can let myself out . Okay . See you . See you . It 's done . I gave the girl a massive dose of the inhibitor . She won 't be having any visions for a couple of weeks . I want this to be fast . We need be in and out of the center as quickly as Shawn got into Promise City . Ground floor ... In the back , as the foyer opens onto the rose garden . Both teams split up inside the foyer ... Both teams split up inside the foyer ... What 's going on ? Why does he have bodyguards around him all day ? Shawn came into Promise City this morning with another 4400 . They took Kevin Burkhoff . You 're not going to hurt him , are you ? Shawn needs to learn to stay out of our way . Things are going to get ... crazy around here for a while . I gotta get back in there . I 'll come find you later , okay ? Curtis Peck dropped out of school in tenth grade . I think it 's safe to assume he doesn 't have much grounding in the scientific method . But when he talks about tiny machines in someone 's spinal fluid , there 's really only one thing Curtis could mean . - Nanites . - Nanotechnology . That 's right . Machines built at the molecular level . - Tiny machines . - Wait ... I haven 't read the last couple issues of Scientific American , but as far as I know , nanites are a theoretical technology . - They don 't exist . - Not yet . Not that we know of , anyway . When someone 's marked , one personality takes over another , right ? So , how does that happen ? Nanites . Somehow , the personality of the ... future guy is encoded in these little machines . They 're injected into someone 's cerebrospinal fluid . They replicate , and once there 's enough of them ... Bam ! - You 're marked . - So how do you destroy nanites ? I have no idea . Officially , nobody 's even built them yet , much less worried about how to get them out of somebody . Hey , guys . Garrity said you were all down here . Figured I 'd join the party . You said you had that real estate thing . - I didn 't know you were back . - Yeah , I ... saw the place in Lynwood . We 're just debating the pros and cons of ... suburbia . That guy looks stressed . Guess he 's a city dweller . They were here when we got down here . Where have you been ? Just case work . We 've been hearing rumors about a promicin distribution network out at Northmount college . I was just poking around . Well , I 'd better get upstairs . Look , it all comes down to whether you want to put up with a long commute . Jordan is nothing if not persistent . It won 't be long before he comes back on us . Maybe we should leave . - He won 't hurt Shawn if we 're not here . - No , you 're not going anywhere . Collier 's proved he 'll find you no matter where you are , so this place is as good as any . We have 4400s here who believe in what we 're doing , even people who 've taken the shot . They 're willing to protect you . So , whatever Collier 's planning , we 'll be ready for him . - Shawn , I 'm sorry to interrupt . - It 's okay . Your brother and your mother are waiting downstairs . Okay ... I 'll be right back . Hey , mom . Hey , Danny . I know we don 't have an appointment , but I was out for coffee with your brother , and I figured we 'd stop by . Well , good , I 'm glad . It 's good to see you guys . It 's just ... right now ... It 's not a good time ? See , I told you . I know I always say that , it 's just right now is a really bad time . Okay , I get it . I just wanted to look at you . I will come by this weekend . - We 'll have dinner . - Good . I 'll have my people call your people . Oh , okay . All right . I 'll be waiting for that call . I 'll be there in a minute , okay , mom ? Joanna , could you just give us a second ? - Sure . - Thanks . Bye , mom . So , I saw you on the news . You were talking about this promicin compatibility test ? Yeah , we 're working on it . I want to take it . Shawn , I 've had that shot sitting around for months now . I figured I 'd never take it , but this test changes everything . I could find out whether it 's safe or not . It 's just the test isn 't really ready yet , Danny . Yeah , but it 's close , right ? I 'm just looking for a rough idea of what my odds might be . Well , no school for you tomorrow . You have a temperature of 101 . When did you start feeling bad ? This afternoon . Oh , honey . Well , at school ? No . On the bus ride home . Well , here , you take these ... And we 'll take your temperature again in the morning . Who 's that ? Hey , sorry to drop by unannounced , but I just had a two-hour phone call with a guy in my graduate school class . He works at J.P.L. now . I asked him how you 'd get an infection of nanites out of someone 's body . - First , he laughed at me . - What happened when he got serious ? He said , theoretically , it 's possible . Nanites , if they existed , would have a molecular structure , which means their chemical bonds could be broken . Okay , how ? Here 's where it gets a little dicey . My friend said the only way you could be sure all the nanites were destroyed ... would be to expose someone to a highly radioactive substance . Something like polonium . How much radiation ? About 50 nanograms would do the job . - Tom would die . - I know . If we really want to kill that thing inside him , we 're gonna have to kill Tom , too . So Diana Skouris was definitely a passenger on your flight to Vancouver yesterday ? Can you check to see if there was a Meghan Doyle on that same flight ? She was . Thanks . Hey , good morning . - Morning . - Anything going on ? Yeah , actually . We had a tip on that college promicin case . A student named Penelope Rice called . She said her peace studies professor has been lecturing in favor taking the shot . Well , you think he 's been supplying the students ? I think it 's worth taking a look . You drive . Coming ? You had this cat scan yesterday ? I had to drop Shawn 's name to get an appointment , but they took me . You have a beautiful brain , but I 'm afraid you won 't be able to help me with the compatibility test . I don 't understand . Why not ? Doesn 't matter . He just told you you can 't take the shot . No , that 's not what I said . At this point , the test is almost ready . I 'm just narrowing down who would live and who wouldn 't . I can already answer that for 90pct of the population . It 's the middle 10pct that I 'm focused on . I have to find that exact dividing line between death and survival . You ... You 're a statistical outlier . Look for yourself . You have a very prominent corpus callosum . One of the largest I 've ever seen . So my chances of survival are good ? Excellent . I 'd say the shot poses virtually no risk to you at all . I knew it . You hear that ? I 've got a very prominent corpus callosum . I 'm not stalling . Collier 's been surrounded by bodyguards all day . I ... I can 't get anywhere near him . - I 'm having a hard time believing that . - It 's true . I don 't even know if I can hurt Collier , let alone walk out of here with him . Isabelle , trust me , you can do whatever you want to Collier . If he told you otherwise , he was bluffing . You 're forgetting how strong you are , or maybe you 're just dragging your feet . Maybe you 'd like to pretend you can still be friends with those people , that your time in Promise City actually meant something . - It did . - Did it mean more to you than your father does ? You need to get this done . You have 24 hours . What 's up ? It 's nothing important , just family stuff . Your student informant was a wash . She called NTAC out here because she was mad at her professor . He gave her a " C " for the semester . We could go talk to the guy . Wouldn 't hurt to ask some questions . Like what ? Why he 's such a tough grader ? Nah , I think we should head back . I have to leave a little early today . Oh , my god , you 're one of them . You 're marked . - Is that what they told you ? - Is what who told me ? Skouris , Doyle . I know they were here . I just want to finish my movie . If we wanted you dead , you 'd have been gone a long time ago . We just need to go over what they said . Did they tell you I 'm marked ? No , they didn 't mention you at all . They just asked me how to get rid of one of those things , if there 's a way to take a mark out of somebody . So they 're going to try to save Tom Baldwin . I don 't know , but it 's got nothing to do with me . I didn 't tell them anything ! It 's okay . Look , it 's okay . It 's okay ... I 'm not mad , Curtis . We just have to be thorough , that 's all . What else did they ask you ? Nothing . That 's all we talked about . Can I go home now ? I told you , I didn 't say anything . What are you doing ? You 're a filmmaker . You should appreciate what I 'm about to do . Call it ... Getting rid of a plot hole . Tom , what are you doing ? You scared me , Diana . It 's after midnight . Why are you still here ? I was just down in the theory room , and now I 'm on my way out . So , what 's going on ? Oh , I 'm just taking some work home with me . - That 's a lot of work . - Yeah . Well ... Good night , honey . You know , tom , I can 't let you leave with those files . Why not ? Okay , yeah , there 's some sensitive stuff in here , but it 's you and me , Diana . We take work home all the time . It 's no big deal , right ? You know , you 're just so bad at this . I don 't know what lessons you took in bodysnatching school , but ... you make a terrible Tom Baldwin . You 're so insincere . Very funny , Diana . I 'd laugh , but it 's late ... You 're a Marked , Tom . I know it . Meghan knows it . Just for a second , let 's pretend I am . Do you have any idea how hard it would be to pretend you 're someone from this place ? You 're all weak , vacillating . We 're human beings . I ... I don 't know how we evolved into you . Neither do I. Neither do I. I mean , look at you , Diana . You have no idea what you want . You 've driven away every man who 's ever looked at you . Your daughter hand-delivered you a fiancé by prophecy , and you couldn 't even hold onto him . The longest relationship you 've ever had with a guy ? It 's with me . Your good old buddy , Tom Baldwin . I am friends with him , and I 'm not even going to ask him to apologize once I 've burned you out of him . You should get some rest , Diana . - You 're starting to sound delusional . - Put the files down now , Tom . Diana , what ... Fine . What are you doing here ? You never came to see me . Oh , sorry , I got tied up with Jordan . Are you okay ? I don 't want to be alone tonight . Well , it 's okay , you can stay here . And I don 't want to talk either . Are you sure you don 't want me to call a doctor ? I 'm fine , Marco . I just got a call from the Vancouver police . Curtis Peck was found murdered a couple of hours ago . - Oh , my god . - They 're thinking maybe was a robbery . I gave them no reason to believe otherwise . God knows what he 's going to do next . I don 't want to ratchet up the pressure or anything , but ... If we 're going to cure Tom , we 're going to have to do it fast . My guy was able to get me a sample of polonium , but it degrades quickly . In a couple days , it 'll be useless . Tom knows we 're onto him . There 's no way he 's coming back to NTAC . We have to have to find a way to lure him to us . I always hated needles . Are you okay ? Yeah , I feel fine , actually . That doesn 't mean you 're free and clear . We got to keep an eye on you for a while , okay ? But I feel good . You 're just wondering what kind of ability you 're going to get . The world could always use another healer , right ? Kyle , wake up . How did you sleep ? I 've been awake all night . I have to go . It 's time . Time for what ? You 're going to go to sleep for a while , and when you wake up , everything 's gonna be different . What are you talking about ? I want you to know , all the things I felt for you were real . This is the only real friendship I 've ever had . Isabelle , are you okay ? For a while there , I believed you 'd changed . So did I. Maia , honey , you need to get up . How are you feeling ? - A bit better . - Okay ? I just don 't think I can go to school . Well , that 's okay , but you need to get dressed , we need to pack you a little bag , because we 're going someplace for a while . Where ? Well , just a hotel . What happened to your eye ? Well , it 's ... I 'm okay . We 're just going to go to a place , because it 's not safe here . I don 't want to frighten you , but it 's ... It 's Tom . He 's ... He 's just got something bad inside him , and he 's just not himself . All right ? So , come on , we need to get going . I don 't understand . That 's what Tom said about you . What ? When ? A couple of days ago , he picked me up at school . A couple of days ago ? That was right before you started feeling sick , right ? Wake him up . What do you want with me ? Hello , Jordan . Looks like you and I will be working together after all . It won 't do you any good to kill me . The movement 's too strong . It 'll go on without me . Who said anything about killing you ? This is a sedative . We 're not going to make you a martyr to your cause , Jordan . We 're going to make you a traitor to it . You 're gonna sleep for a while , and when you wake up , there 's gonna be something inside you , and in time , you 'll come to think exactly the way we do . You 'll be a brand-new Jordan Collier ... A man concerned with protecting the future , instead of destroying it . You forget , I 've seen the world you created , and the oceans were deserts of bone , fires filled the horizon , and everywhere I walked , - there was screaming . - We inherited that world , and we managed to survive , - and even prosper . - All you people did was build a wall to hide behind while the rest of the planet died around you . It doesn 't matter what you do , you 'll never get your future back . The world is turning positive . You 're right , Jordan . We 're helpless ... But you 're not . You can take promicin out of people . You can turn positives into negatives . Your ability , Jordan , that 's how we 're going to win . Once you 're marked , you 'll gather all your followers around you , and then one by one , you 're going to take their abilities away , and you 're not going to stop until you rid the world of promicin . Oh , look , Jordan Collier has nothing to say . You have to admire the symmetry . You 're going to single-handedly destroy the movement you created . You lied to me . You told me that we need Isabelle . You said she changed . I said you had to bring her to Collier , that she was a part of all this , and she is . She 's doing what she has to do . You need to do the same . How ? Jordan is gone . Everything is falling apart . You can 't let that happen , Kyle . Somebody has to be in charge of Promise City now . Me ? - Hello ? - Tom , it 's me , Maia . Maia , hi . - Is everything all right ? - I don 't think so . It 's my mom . I 'm worried about her . She 's acting weird . - Weird how ? - She took me to this hotel . She said that there 's something wrong with you . That 's not true , Maia . I 'm sorry she told you that . What else did she say ? Nothing . Don 't get mad , but when you came to see me , I didn 't tell the truth . I did have a vision last week . You and my mom were in it . It was bad . It 's okay , Maia , whatever it is , it hasn 't happened yet . Just tell me what you saw . My mom , she had a gun , and you guys were arguing . Then she shot you . I didn 't say anything when you came to see me , because I didn 't think it was gonna come true . But now I 'm not so sure . Where did this happen , Maia ? I need details . I couldn 't tell . She 'd be so mad if she knew I was calling you . Be careful , okay ? And please , don 't do anything to hurt her . Just tell me what the place looked like , Maia , just ... You missed lunch . I did ? Is it still day ? It 's 3 : 00 in the afternoon . Kevin , I know you 're busy with your test , but ... It seems , ever since Shawn healed me , I never see you anymore . Are you avoiding me ? Actually , yes . As much as possible . Why ? Because you 're healthy now , and ... you 're young , and ... I 'm not exactly either of those things . You don 't need me to take care of you anymore , so I 'm trying to ... Give you space . How could you be so brilliant , and so clueless ? Why would I want space ? Where am I going to find another you ? Well ... I suppose that would be a challenge . I 'd like you ... to go visit your grandniece again . It 's not safe here anymore . I 'm a target , as long as you 're with me , you wille be too . And when this is over , when I perfect the test , I 'll come find you . How do I know that you will ? How could I not ? Where would I find another you ? Don 't move , Tom . Put the gun down or I will shoot you . Meghan , please ... Meghan , honey , it 's me . Please , you have to help me . This thing inside me , I 'm trying to fight it ... But it hurts ... sometimes it hurts so much . Get down on the floor and put your hands behind your head . Oh , god ! Tom , freeze ! Freeze , Tom ! - Here you go . - Thank you . You 're welcome . Do you think your brother looks a little thin ? Tired ? I 'm worried about him . Mom , I didn 't come here to talk about Shawn . There 's something I want to tell you . I took the shot . Mom , it worked out . I 'm fine . I was afraid you would . As soon as I heard about that test your brother 's working on , - I knew you 'd be first in line . - Mom , this is a good thing . The world is changing . There are miracles out there . - I 'm going to be part of it now . - Just like your brother 's part of it . Yeah , I guess . I mean , why should he have a gift and not me , right ? Mom , you okay ? Mom , what 's wrong ? Mom ! Just ... someone , help , please ! Mom , no ! - Where did he go ? - I guess he went around back . Don 't move ! Drop the gun . Don 't make me shoot you . You going to fix me , Diana ? Gonna get your old Tom back ? How do you think that 'll help things ? I 'm a better NTAC agent now than I 've ever been . Ever since I ... - re-evaluated things ... - Put your hands in the air ! Keep them where I can see them . I 've made more progress against Jordan Collier and promicin than we made in a year . We 're winning now , Di . Isn 't that what you want ? Not like this . You killed Curtis Peck , you put my daughter on the inhibitor ... My daughter , Tom . You still call me by that name . Deep down , you must know we 're still partners , that we 're on the same side . Tell you what I 'm going to do now , Diana . I 'm going to turn around , walk out that door , and you won 't be able to pull that trigger . Goddammit , Tom , stop !
