 My name is Jane Vasco . I could use you one my team . I work for a secret govenement agency that hunts neros . People who can do dangerous things with their minds . On my first assignment ... Something a little weird happened , okay , something really weird . Until i get some answers i 'm getting on with my life , doing my job . Stocking up on aspirin , because let me tell ya , pain 's a bitch ! What the hell are you doing ? We 're not supposed to hit this sector past seventy ! We 're not going to jump the tracks ! Throttle back ! Throttle back now ! I ... I don 't know how . What the hell are you talking about ! ? I don 't know how ! They say you can feel lonelier in a crowd than when you 're by yourself . Maybe . I 'll tell you this though , whoever said it , never had to wade through the crowd that i ever did . It 's hard to feel lonely when your every walking moment is spent trying to avoid being pick-pocketed , jostled , hassled and cursed at . Did i mention pinched ? I realize i don 't live in one of the better parts of town , not that there are many better parts anymore , and i couldn 't afford one anyway . When is your environment an excuse for bad behaviour ? I mean , what happened to common courtesy ? Is everyone so completely absorbed in their own personal drama today . Let 's just pretend i didn 't ask that . I realize that appearances can be deceiving sometimes a lot deceiving . I mean , let 's face it , life can be deceiving . Just when we think we got it all figured out , it get 's turned on its head . We 're not supposed to hit this sector past seventy ! We 're not going to jump the tracks ! Throttle back ! Throttle back now ! I ... I don 't know how . What the hell are you talking about ! ? I don 't know how ! Black box showed everything on line and working perfectly . Unity rail attributes it to driver error . Pull up the driver . Jason hampton . Good man . You know him ? It 's a small world when it comes to trains . He worked with the rail company as long as i worked with the subway . For the record , his record was spotless . Well it just got smudged . Okay , this might fit the pattern of other skill-specific amnesia cases that we 've been tracking . Any medical ? Nothing significant . Angio-plasty five years ago . Maybe he was suicidal . He sounded terrified and confused , not suicidal . Last week at the hospital , a patient came in for a full neurological workup . He was worried because he suddenly couldn 't remember a critical part of his job . How often does that happen seth , where a person loses part of their memory ? It 's rare . Usually accompanied by trauma , an aneurysm , something psychological . Edgar dawson had none of those . Edgar dawson ? Software fricking genius . He formulated his own bbs string matrix network . Wow . Vasco , why don 't you have a word with this edgar , see if he fits the pattern we 've been tracking . Better take an interpreter . Me ? It 's your big shot . Don 't get in her way . Hash four cat algorithm coded logs converted by a quad matrix . No man , unless you 're operating from a ... There 's a place for people like them , anywhere i 'm not . We had an optical failure in a fifteen circuit and i ... I ... I still can 't even tell you the formatted triangulation . Code protocol for x - juncture phase development . Secondary milli-ohm diversion , code nanex , octo , td ... T.d ... They took me off the project . Two years of work and it 's just ... Gone . My whole life changed in , like five minutes . Mr. Dawson , can you remember encountering anyone new just before this happened ? A stranger ? Someone you might have been introduced to ... Shook hands with ? If it happened ... I 'm sorry , i don 't remember . That ever happens to me , just put a bullet in my brain . Life would not be worth living . I 'll try to keep that in mind . Which part of his did dawson lose ? He 's still fluent in most of what he knows ... Except for what he doesn 't . And what is that ? Edgar dawson has completely forgotten a series of third level code algorithms . Algorithms that he created . It 's related to his patent on high speed electronic relays that transfers electronic pulses across a hypernetwork . Riley , what 's it used for ? Train switching routers . They use that kind of electronic relay system now . Rail conglomerate grew so fast , switch operators couldn 't keep up . A train engineer and the guy who designed the switching systems lose part of their memory within three days of each other . Riley , check unity rail 's personnel files see if anyone had a reason to have a grudge . Will do , boss . Thank you . Get off me ! What the hell are you doing , man ? ! What are you doing , man ? ! Are you alright dude ? You need a paramedic , dude . Easy , easy , easy ! Stay still man ! Stay still ! Easy , easy , i 'll get a paramedic . Lost consciousness , pulse is 170 , rapid and thready . Stay back , please sir . Stay back , please sir . A - fib with rapid ventricular response . Push 20 c . ' s cardiazem in the i.v. No ! You could kill him . We 've got it covered . Then why are you trying to skyrocket his heartrate and send him into v-fib ? Wpw syndrome , vitals might read the same but the ekg 's got a delta wave , qrs is wide . Cardiazem 's going to block the av node , push his heart rate into the 200s ! We 've got to shock his rhythm so it slows back to sinus . Get me paddles and charge it to 200 joules . He might be right . Now ! Clear ! He 's stabilizing . I don 't believe it . Hey , hey , stick with us . Grab the bag . Stay with us . ... when paramedics started to initiate an i.v. Drip with a semplar push subject informed them the patient had tertiary anemia . Caller reported he had diagnosed from the pulse pattern and dried blood . The trick is to only suture the first fifteen millimeters of the primary sheath . ... that way the tissue can accept the artificial intrusion as organic . You 're an m.d. Uh-huh . Where did you study ? Johns hopkins . I specialized in neuro-muscular syndromes . I 've written extensively about it . Oh ? The nordic degeneration and the middle aged male . Dr. Allen rafferty wrote that article . That 's right . Five months ago , allen was in the middle of an aortic bypass . He 's done hundreds of them . They said he just , froze , he couldn 't remember how to continue . The assisting had to take over . The patient almost died . Neurologist checked him out ? They couldn 't find anything wrong . Everything allen knew about medicine , it 's just ... Gone . Allen knew it was over . Medicine was his life and he just couldn 't face it . He started drinking .. And then he tried to kill himself . I got to him in time but now ... How could something like this happen ? There 's only a handful of surgeons in the city who can do what dr . Rafferty does . This homeless man knew his procedures as well as he did . So we 're not talking about sudden partial amnesia ... It 's about picking people 's brains . Looks that way . And no , he 's not a neuro . I tested him . In order to have acquired rafferty 's knowledge , there must have been a middle man . It would seem so . Three victims . Two areas of knowledge . Trains and medicine . What do they have in common ? There was no answer when i knocked . I heard some noises i was singing . What ? I was singing ! When i didn 't hear an answer , i thought there might be problem so i ... You picked the lock ! It 's really not that difficult . What are you doing here , riley ? Just walking , taking a walk . You live five miles away . Want some wine ? No , i don 't . It 's for the best anyway . I found no connections between the engineer , edgar dawson or dr . Rafferty . That 's great . Yeah . You came all the way over here to tell me that . I did see something else interesting . I 'm listening , riley . There was a break-in at the pharmacy close to where the paramedics worked on the homeless guy . Junkies break into pharmacies every ten minutes . There weren 't any drugs stolen , at least not the kind of drugs that get you high . Hemoglobin accelerators . The paramedics used hemoglobin accelerators on the guy having the seizure . What you 're saying is the man who had the seizure was the middleman . He 'd need someone with some medical expertise to help him doctors can 't operate on themselves . Unless ... He contact with dr . Rafferty he could have taken his medical knowledge . If he had contact with dr . Rafferty , why not just have rafferty treat him ? If i had all the answers , i 'd be you . Exactly . You sure you don 't have any wine . No , riley . I still don 't have any wine . Look , i was thinking we could check out the pharmacies . So you didn 't just " happen " to be in my neighborhood . Look . I know you want to be in the field . And i know you know that i have a reputation for not always going by the book . But not now ... Not tonight . Okay ? Hey , riley , we 'll grab a drink another time , i promise . Help ! Probably an isolated rib fracture or minor costochondral separation . Not much we can do , either way . It 'll just take time . Wouldn 't hurt to get an abdominal exam to rule out splenic or hepatic trauma . You 're the one with dr . Rafferty 's medical knowledge . Seth , was looking for you . The homeless guy . The one you told the paramedics how to treat . Can you tell me where to find him ? Yeah . You found the neuro ? I 'm with him now . Alley behind seventh , and colter . Riley , listen to me , we 'll be there in fifteen . Don 't move . Don 't do anything til we get there . You got that ? Yeah , don 't worry . I 'm in too much pain to move . Good work , riley . Charlie , you let me know , you see anything , i 'm going to take care of you , alright . Nothing , not a damn thing ! C 'mon , i told him to stay put ! Hey , there he is ! Riley , what 's wrong ? Riley , talk to us , what happened ? ! What do you people want from me ? Where 's the neuro , riley ? What 's a neuro ? Why can 't i access this ? It 's not partial like the others . Riley has full on amnesia . Did you tell him who he is ? Just that we 're his friends . I don 't want to overwhelm him . The thought of riley being overwhelmed by anything ... What did riley tell you last night ? That someone had stolen hemoglobin accelerators from a pharmacy . The same meds the paramedics used to save the man with the seizure . The man with the seizure is the neuro . Probably suffering from linortic degenertia . Something dr . Rafferty had done extensive research on . What are the symptoms ? There are plenty . But the most obvious would be poor balance ... Trouble walking . It 's chronic and eventually fatal . Riley found the bastard last night . He wanted me to go with him and check out the pharmacy . Only i didn 't . If our neuro does have this linotype degenerate whatever , it makes sense to take the knowledge from the doctor . But how does that fit with a train engineer and edgar dawson 's railroad switches ? They 're neuros . They don 't have to make sense . Vasco , bowers , get on riley 's system . See what he was looking at . Seth , get in touch with the hospitals and see if there has been any reports on similar seizures get me a description from the paramedics . Connor , you and i are gonna hit the streets . Maureen can cover the computer . I 'll be more help with you . Why ? Because you didn 't go out with riley last night . No . Please . Let me help . Not now . Not tonight . What if we 've lost riley , andre ? What if we 've lost him ? We haven 't lost riley . Only his mind . Hey ! I don 't need that from you . According to the paramedics , looking for a " caucasian male . " late 40 's to early 50 's , 5 ' 8 " to 5 ' 10 " . " 150 to 170 pounds . " ragged clothing . " hadn 't bathed in a while . " your point is ? I don 't know ! ? I 'm not riley ! I didn 't say you were . You were implying ! I 'm as frustrated as you are . I just wish he were here . It 's not your fault , jane . I should have gone with him . Yeah , let 's try again . I 'm riley , aren 't i ? Yes . I 'm some kind of computer geek . In the best possible sense , yes . Do you want to try ? Warning system failure ! Warning system failure ! It 's going to be okay . Help me , please . How 'd he do ? Slept all night . More than i can say . Morning guys ! Hey , jane . Riley , what 's going on ? Well , this is a bitch . Tunnel 's been breached . What the hell happened to the security system ? Yes ! Your security system isn 't working because i shut it down . I suppose i should be flattered . An entire team ... The best of the best ... Devoted to following and finding ... People like me . Your friend riley 's mind is a vault of information . Neuros . That 's what you call us . At least i 'm glad to know i 'm not alone in my ... Uniqueness . Your lucky day , pal . I 'm about to arrange for you to join the rest of the freaks so you won 't feel so lonely . If you ever want to see your friend again ... Intact , that might not be the wise thing to do . Wait ! Let 's hear him out . We don 't know if anyone can restore riley 's memory . I can . I can steal knowledge . I can transfer knowledge . I can restore knowledge . He can . I got a call from carla rafferty . Dr. Rafferty seems to have made a complete recovery . Call it a show of good faith . And proof . Alright , what do you want from us ? In exchange for riley , i want your help . What kind of help ? I want you to rob a train . My name is simon connolly . I 'm ill . But you probably already know that . There 's something i want . Something that 's important to me . It 's being shipped in a high security container aboard freight rail line 122 tomorrow . If the robbery 's successful , and i get to do what i want ... I 'll restore riley 's mind . I 'm prepared , when this is over , for you to chip me . Andre , this is our only chance to save riley . Even if we agree to this , what makes you so sure we have the expertise to rob a train ? What 's the transfer rate of the l-6 video lines from central rail control ? 17 bits at 230k , 26.1 at 180 security system code matrix from car 17 from the same line ? Random 14 symbol evolving algorithm , expression key rio , 4 , x , omega . De-coupling override procedure for transrail 4000 c series engine ? Coupling to manual , enter override code odx 9 , program auto sector postvelocities and program the connection . Switch codes within five kilometers of the sector 4 central point ? You were here last night . Among other places . Help me , please . If we 're doing this , we 're doing it on our terms . You won 't need any additional knowledge , agent vasco . You 'll be handling the most physically challenging part of the operation . What are you doing ? Doing what riley would have done . Manipulating the system to the team 's advantage . You have an amazing gift , jane . Yeah , well ... Some might call it a curse . Applying my special talents to the others didn 't pose a problem for me . But , when it came to you , knowing what i know now ... Are you suggesting i 'm like you ? All i know is that it somehow didn 't feel right . I 'm on your side , jane . To be honest , i 'm a bit saddened that you 're not on mine . Have you ever stopped to wonder just which side might be the right side ? Is being different such a crime ? Two people are dead because of what you 've done . Something i deeply regret and didn 't intend . That puts you on the road to hell with a lot of other people . I 'll give you that . But where does your being different put you ? Six two , you have a clear line to western connect depot at 0917 roger control , proceeding out on yard track a - four-seven ... Connecting to line six-b at kilometer two-five . K-317 you are clear to proceed west at 7 . Conductor , we 're under way . Yeah , cargo restraints holding . Artificial contact with line 122 . Track switch . 60 seconds to switch contact . I 'm going hot . All clear here . Cargo ? Holding . 40 seconds to contact . Let 's keep this tight . 30 seconds . Monitor 3 is off-line . 15 seconds . 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 we 're good to go . We made contact . Am i low in here ? We 're back on . Come on , come on . What 's that ? Electrostatic pulse . 15,000 volts if you want to be specific . He wants us to steal it from that safe . Don 't tell me you can 't turn it off . What do we have ? A really bad situation . sorry , jane , i don 't know what else we can do . The electricity is generated from that junction box . We get too close , we get fried . This is a re-direct circuit . It attracts electrical energy . Get it on the junction box and it 'll fry itself out . It 's the only way i know . This is unacceptable ! You find another way ! There 's no way to gage the electrical output of this thing , it could fry whatever gift i have to a crisp . Along with the rest of me . Let 's hear it . Hear what ? The alternative . I 'm ready to hear the alternative . You 're funny . Jane , we 've done all this for riley . Yeah . Good luck . Bite me . I 'm really going to hate this . Do not ask me if i 'm okay ! Just find out what 's in the crate ! What the hell is that ? We did all this for a freaking painting . I was ten years old when i sat for the painting . He was unknown at the time . My dad lost his business and was forced to sell it . Who knew it would eventually be worth millions . Funny things is , i never really liked it . I was always embarrassed when my friends came over and saw it . But when it was taken away , i felt , somehow , that a piece of me was taken away . When i heard that it was being shipped to another city for a showing ... It was my chance . To experience life as it was . One more time . Before i died . Why steal dr . Rafferty 's knowledge ? Why not just go to a hospital ? I watched my father die in a hospital . It wasn 't pretty . If i could help it , it wasn 't going to be the way i went out . So was it worth it ? For this moment ? Not sure . I can tell you this ... It 's not like it was before . But then ... I 'm not like i was before . I 'm ready . Whatever the reason , whether some part of me thought i was a part of him , or because i just plain old felt sorry for him , i couldn 't . If you leave , we 'll know about it . Don 't leave . Something on your mind , agent vasco ? Yeah , i was wondering you made the decision you made back there ? Why did you decide not to send him to nico ? Don 't read too much into it . The man doesn 't have too long to live if he decides to go anywhere , we 'll find him . Burns healed ? Almost . Which is ... More than i can say for every stitch of clothing i had on . You know , i go through a lot of clothes on this job . Maybe the agency might think of ... No . Just throw it out there , see what stuck . Riley ? What 's wrong ? Simon seems to have given riley back his thoughts , but ... But ... ? There seems to be a bit of a problem , he knows his name and that he works here . But when i checked the logic side of his brain with some simple questions , for example ... Seven minus one . Seven minus one is zero . Seven minus one is zero . Seven minus one is not zero . It depends how you quantify the equation . Seven people on this team minus one of me amounts to six zeros . Since six times zero is still zero ... Without me ... We 're nothing . Now there 's a smart man . Stephen hawkings has nothing on riley jensen , baby . Okay , we 're three days behind our systems maintenance report , riley get cracking , connor , bring them up to speed . What is the systems maintenance report ? Like i said , appearances are deceiving , what makes people special is not always what you see on the outside . Unless you 're a nudist , but that 's not the point . It really is beautiful , you know . You were beautiful . The point is love or hate what makes us different , it does make us who we are . To take that away ... I thought i would feel this remarkable sense of loss when the power was gone . But i don 't really . I feel very much the same . Or am i the same ? That chip gun ... You put a blank in it . Don 't read too much into it . When the hunters begin to realize they 've become the hunted ... You got what you wanted . You 'll spend your last days in your own home . And intact . Don 't believe you know everything about me . We 're monitoring you . Take one step off these premises , i will kill you . With the surprise that andre mcbride did something that andre mcbride never does , give a neuro a break , first yeah , it even crossed my mind that he 'd been neuro 'd , but then oh , about nine glasses of wine it came to me , andre is just as conflicted about what we do as i am . Only difference is , he can 't say it . He can 't show it . With his one simple beautiful gesture , agent mcbride just became an open book . Good-bye simon , i 'll miss you and don 't even think about screwing me over .
