 My name is Jane Vasco . I could use you on my team . I work for a secret government agency that hunts Neuros . People who can do dangerous things with their minds . On my first assignment ... something a little weird happened , okay , something really weird . Until I get some answers I 'm getting on with my life , doing my job ... stocking up on aspirin ... because I gotta tell ya , pain 's a bitch ! Riley , what 's happening ? System is down , backed up and secure . We going somewhere ? It would be nice if there were a Neuro or two in Maui . I don 't think you 'll be sipping a lot of Mai-Tais in Hungary . - No cracks . - I didn 't say anything . It was a pre-emptive strike . I do have a life above ground . - Clearly . - What 's the 911 ? We 've an emergency situation at Nico . Morgan informs me there 's been a break . - How many ? - Six that we 're aware of . - When ? - We don 't know . There have been administrative problems at Nico for months now . Morgan 's thinks they 've been sweeping things under the carpet . In any case , I can 't tell you when because no official report was made . Morgan picked this up from other sources . - Can 't the locals handle it ? - There are no locals . These Neuros have been chipped , so there 's minimal security . The other staff are administrators , doctors , nurses . - The flight leaves at 0600 . - That 's four hours from now . Pack light . Seth , I 'm going to need Riley where we 're going so there 'll be no one here ... to run security . I 'm going to get Joe to do a lock up here . - I 'll be at the hospital if you need me . - Thank you . Farber Air Force base at 0500 . Let 's roll . BUDAPEST , HUNGARY NICO DIRECTOR Nice to meet you , agent McBride . Make yourself comfortable . I do understand why you 're here ... and I assure you that you and your team will have my full cooperation . That won 't be necessary . We 're planning on performing a thorough house-cleaning . Just how thorough are we talking about ? From the top down . Cozy . Oh , yeah , all we need is some villagers and some torches . - Roger Armstrong . - Andre McBride . We 've been expecting you . And let me assure you , you and your team will have my full cooperation . I would expect nothing less , Mr. Armstrong . I 'll gather my team after they 've had a chance to settle , and we 'll reconvene in your office in one hour . PAINKILLER JANE 1x19 " WHAT LIES BENEATH " Subtitles subXpacio and TusSeries I used to dream of traveling as a kid ... Places like Hawaii , the Caribbean ... White sand beaches , toes digging in the sand , a cute guy to my side . I thought this might be the year I 'd make that happen . Guess I was wrong ... again . We first became aware of the situation at evening bed check . We have a very strict curfew . Obviously , not strict enough . We have a limited security staff , agent McBride . Most of our residents , having been chipped , are well-behaved . Why didn 't you report the situation ? We hoped to bring them back without causing concern . I take full responsibility for what happened . Oh , it 's already been assigned to you . My orders are to locate and contain the escapees . At the same time , the entire operation will be evaluated . From security to management . Expect changes . It 's 1125 hours . My team will need to be briefed . 15 minutes . This is Alex Rawlings , head of security . I 've read the Intel report you compiled . Not much detail on how the escapes were accomplished . You know everything that we know . There 's no evidence whatsoever that they breached the perimeter . I find it highly unlikely that they just walked through the walls . - Yes , sir . - I 'll need blueprints , from the roof to the basement , and the surrounding property . - I have them digitized , if you 'd like ... - Riley , download it to your rig , I want to keep it portable . It 'll give us an edge for security purposes plus we may have to roll with it . - I 'm on it . - Right . Go on . I 've arranged for Dr. Phillips , head of medicine , to show you the rest of the facility . He 's better qualified to answer your questions . - If there 's nothing else ... - Not for the moment . We run quite a number of tests and experiments . An inmate would be placed depending on what phase of testing he or she is in . What kind of tests ? Everything from MRI 's to cat scans . We do perform some invasive surgeries . The main focus of our research is to determine etymology . We still have no idea where , how or why the ... phenomenon began to appear in the population . So , you just let them walk around like this ? They 're human beings , agent King . And , having had the good fortune to have been chipped , quite harmless . Yeah , well , I don 't like it . Hell , they all know who we are . And probably aren 't too happy about seeing us again . This is yellow sector . These are our longest term residents . Most have been through the complete battery of tests . This is our minimal security section , primarily for containment . And still well-covered with security cameras . Yes , every sector is covered and the cameras run 24 / 7 . What 's blue , doctor ? Our central core is at the end of that corridor . Every section extends off the core like spokes on a wheel . It 's also our path lab and safe room . - Safe room ? - Yes , just in case . What makes it safe ? We 've discovered during our research that an extremely amplified ultrasonic wave ... can interfere with the aberrants neurological activity ... limiting its range and efficacy . Like a chip . Yes , very much like a chip but not localized to the individual . If there ever were to be some sort of threats to the staff , if a chip were to fail , we can surround that room with an ultrasonic barrier ... that would , in effect , prevent their " special talents " from getting through . - Have you ever had a chip fail ? - No , not to date . Why not use the ultrasonic throughout the entire facility ? A number of reasons . The power involved to generate the frequency and amplify it . That , and the intensity of the frequency could be harmful ... to the physical structure of the building . That section has been reinforced . This is red sector . It 's our highest security section . The inmates here , albeit chipped , are considered dangerous and anti-social . Have you found any connection between their behavior and their condition ? Nothing consistent . Apparently , the aberration itself does not cause anti-social behavior . I believe these people would have been incarcerated in the outside world , even if they did not possess their " special talents " . Well , well , well ... this place is looking better already . I told you I 'd kill you if I ever got the chance , you son of a bitch . I remember you . You 're the pyro freak who likes to set fire to schools . - You bit me ! - And last time I checked I had rabies . What 's the green sector ? Maintenance . Generator , hospital supply rooms , nothing of any real interest . Please , call control . Dr. Phillips . Excuse me . Yes . Yes , I 'll be right there . What 've you got ? I 've been over the security tapes and reports . On the night of the escape , none of the entrances or exits were breached . Still leaves us nowhere . Not exactly . There 's a tunnel that runs below the facility . Where does it lead ? To an old convent about two miles from here . A few centuries back , this place was a prison used to house religious prisoners . The tunnel was built as a means for them to communicate with ... and to escape to the outside world . And you didn 't think it was worth checking ? No need . It was sealed almost 200 years ago when it was discovered . When we took possession , the closure was reinforced . It 's been filled with a few tons of concrete . No exits breached , the tunnels are blocked . How the hell did six Neuros escape ? You 've been quiet . Something on your mind ? One guard I saw was carrying a chip gun . - Wouldn 't you ? - Why ? Everyone here is chipped . Dr. Phillips said he 'd never heard of a chip failing but ... he built that safe room just in case . Even so , the guard I saw was coming from a maintenance area ... of no real interest . So , you 're thinking that their full cooperation might not be so full . Yeah , that 's what I 'm thinking . Rawlings said the tunnel was sealed . What do you guys expect we 're going to find here ? No dates for this weekend , that 's for sure . I wasn 't expecting visitors today . - My name is Andre McBride . - I am mother superior . My team and I are doing historical research in the area ... and we were wondering if we could check out the building and the grounds . If it doesn 't interfere with the sisters , I see no problem . This place is amazing . How old is it ? It 's been here for almost 400 years . We understand there is a tunnel that runs under the property . Yes . Do you have any idea where it leads ? Someplace that used to be a prison . Would you mind if we took a look at it ? Of course . The walls are completely sealed . There 's no way anyone came through that tunnel . Hey boss . Thank you . No , I 'm working . What do you got ? I 've officially confirmed the names of the escapees . Luckily , these people are chipped . Because they 'd make an all-star team of Neuros if they weren 't . First of all there 's Jakob Baumgartner , a shape shifter , who I believe we all remember . Then there 's Jerry Williams . Neuro ability ; the man can move at extremely high speeds . Marilyn Smith , Neuro ability , she can emit highly-focused laser beams ... produced from a region behind the optic nerve . Bill Davis , can cause a magnetic force between objects . Tom Sampson , can create ultrasonic vibrations . And last , but not least , Roger Hanley , a levitator . We 're on our way to you now . No worries , boss . Three other break-ins have occurred since the escape . Oversized drill bits taken from a machine factory , several boxes of C-4 explosive taken from a mining factory , nothing else . But check this out ; a cache of guns and ammo were stolen from a highly secure ... military munitions storage shed . Given the details , those escaped Neuros could 've pulled this off . How ? they 're all chipped . Maybe . Andre , you said they 've been experimenting with de-chipping here . It 's not a secret , but it 's not a known fact that they can do it . Not known to us , anyway . Might explain what we were talking about earlier . - It 's worth discussing with Armstrong . - It doesn 't track . I mean , if you managed to get out of this place , would you stick around ? Personally , I 'd get my ass as far away from here as possible . Unless escaping isn 't the only thing on their mind . You are correct , agent McBride , we have experimented with de-chipping . But those experiments were discontinued long before they garnered results . I 've got a list of burglaries that could have been committed ... by those escaped Neuros had they been de-chipped . - You have my answer , agent . - And you have mine . We could be looking at an attempt for a full-scale breakout . Until otherwise notified , I 'm putting Nico on 24 / 7 lockdown . No one other than my team comes or goes without my permission , that includes you . Don 't you think you 're overreacting ? I 'm just getting started . Beautiful night . What did I do to deserve this ? I thought I might welcome you to some Hungarian generosity . Unless I 'm interrupting . Darlin ' , it 's what you 're starting that I don 't want interrupted . You tried Monarchia ? I can 't even pronounce it . If you like it , I have another bottle back at my place . Must have been that trip to the convent . Thank you . To the second bottle . The second bottle . Hey , aren 't you going to ... Good evening , father . Welcome , father . I hope all is going well . We need to talk . I don 't have much time . It 'd take a team of munitions experts and bulldozers to pull these burglaries off . - Or six unchipped Neuros . - Yeah . Armstrong and Phillips , both claim those experimental surgeries ... were discontinued before they yielded results . You believe them ? At this point , no . If there are any plans in the works for an assault on the castle I 'll know about it . I 've linked into what little there is of their system . Hey , did you get anything off those tapes Rawlings gave you ? - Nothing . - You with us , or what Connor ? Just barely . Trust me , be careful if you sample the local wine . What 'd I miss ? I thought you 'd have something to report besides the local wine . Why would I have something to report ? I passed out in my room last night . Oh , really ? This is time-coded just after 1900 hours . Right off the camera at the main entrance . I swear , boss , I never left . That is me , isn 't it ? I checked the odometer on the SUV . Between the time Connor says he didn 't drive out ... until the time he didn 't get back , someone racked up just over six miles . Just about enough for a round trip to the convent . What about Baumgartner ? The man can shape shift into pretty much anyone . He is on the list of escapees . Why come back to the place you escaped from ? It 's not that big a risk if you can impersonate anyone you want , come and go as you need . We keep him high on the list . At this point , we have to proceed assuming that Armstrong and Phillips are lying to us . If that 's the case , that " maintenance area " ... which is supposed to be of no particular interest ... could turn out to be very interesting . I 'd like to run ultrasonics on the tunnel . I mean , it 's still our best bet . All right , we reconvene in two hours . I want everyone to carry . GREEN SECTOR MAINTENANCE ROOM Armstrong ? ! Access denied . I was not in your room last night . I was in the lab until my shift ended . I clocked out at 1800 hours . You can check with security to verify . I never should 've turned down that job at Microsoft . Retinal imprint , failed . Nice place . I think I found something . Check this out . This is a density readout of the tunnel . You can see that the ends are solid about three feet deep . Probably concrete like they said . But ... if you look here , you can see that except for this solid area in the center , once that 's cleared , the tunnel would be passable . - You find your woman ? - No , we found the woman . Well , I 've got something . - I was just explaining to Jane that this ... - Hey ! Move ! Over there ! Go ! Andre . I assume one of you is Jakob Baumgartner . The only question is , which one ? There 's a way . Shoot both of us . It 's a win-win situation . She 's right , boss . Our girl 'll just get up like nothing happened . Last chance , Mr. Baumgartner . You could 've shot me in the leg . - Armstrong 's dead . - When ? I 'm not an M.E. But given the condition of his body , I 'd say he was dead before we arrived . Baumgartner 's been busy . And that maintenance area isn 't a maintenance area . I only got as far as the morgue but there seems to be another facility beyond that . I couldn 't get through . It 's time we had a talk with Dr. Phillips . If it ever was Dr. Phillips . Riley , call security . Have them get rid of this body . It 's time we fond out what they don 't want us to know . I 'm the computer tech . It 's you guys that are supposed to get hit on the head . You might want one of the doctors to check that out . I think it 's Baumgartner who 's checked out . I have a pretty good idea where " I 'm " going . Ok , as I started to explain to Jane ... or , Baumgartner ... Whatever . This concrete is only a few feet deep . The same at the other end . And except for a few feet that 're still blocked off in the middle , the ends are like corks . Blow ' em out , clear the middle boom , you have free access . From the convent to the hospital . That would explain the stolen C-4 and other equipment . If the freaks are planning to break their friends out of here , they got to be working it from the convent side . You think the mother superior lied to us ? I 'd say if it 's mother superior , she could be an escapee . - No , I don 't think so . - Why not ? - She doesn 't match any of the profiles . - They could be controlling her . Baumgartner 's not going to give up the game . He knows he 's under pressure . If they 're going to move , they 're going to move soon . What would it take to force a cave-in and seal the tunnel ? The same as they 're planning on using to clear the concrete . A small truckload of C-4 just placed differently . - Can you do it ? - I don 't know , I guess . Given the supplies and chemicals around this place , - ... mixed in the right proportions , maybe . - How long ? - Less time if I get started now . - Good . Riley , you work this end with Connor . You and I better get to the convent . If Baumgartner 's going to move , he may not want to leave any witnesses . Great , down here again . Still think she 's an innocent ? Tough play to call . - Best bet 's to chip them both . - She actually could be a mother superior . If she 's not a Neuro , the chip won 't hurt her . It 's your afterlife . I 'll take Baumgartner . Cuff him . - You have no right ! - I have every right . I don 't think you realize who and what we 're dealing with here . You mean a man who 's been given an extraordinary gift from god . You 're attempting to protect yourself from things you don 't understand . This man and the others like him ... are simply trying to protect themselves ... from imprisonment and butchery , ignorance and fear . I think you have been sold a bill of goods , mother superior . We only want to understand them . Who they are , why they are . No one wants to harm them . You have to expect him to lie , cover-up the truth . He 's one of them . What truth is that ? Ha ! Miss Vasco , please . The de-chipping , the experiments . Cutting into us as if we were nothing more than laboratory rats . Leaving some of us crippled and blind , and those are the lucky ones . You really don 't know , do you ? Then perhaps it 's time you were introduced to the dangerous escapees ... you 've been working so hard to apprehend . All right . Just how powerful is this stuff ? It 's enough to finish the job . But not enough to take the whole place down , right ? Guess we 're gonna find out . On my mark . 3 , 2 , 1 . Let 's go ! Okay . Your vicious band of criminals , agent McBride . Is Dr. Phillips responsible for all of this ? Yes . It 's his handiwork . The people we hope to set free are not as " fortunate " as these . And you 're their appointed savior . Why ? Because , agent McBride , though it might come as a shock to you , I do possess a conscience . Months of work and only seconds to destroy it . This tunnel , it saved countless lives in the past . We 'd hoped it could serve that purpose again . Can you really let this continue ... and allow these people to suffer ? The ball , as they say , is in your court , sir . Any one of those people could have been me . And , in less enlightened times ... you . I don 't think these people will give you any further trouble . I 'll see that they 're taken to their rooms . You may have pressed your luck this time , Jakob . All right , let 's go . It seems as if it 's your luck that has changed , doctor . You didn 't chip them ? ! You must to stop this ! I thought you were going to chip them . No , agent , I distinctly recall giving you that order . Well , we seem to have a real problem on our hands , don 't we ? You would agree , wouldn 't you , doctor ? This is something of a problem . What 're you doing ? ! Maybe now , you 'll be inclined to tell us the truth ! Unless , of course , you 'd like to wait there while we retrieve our chip guns . You know , I can 't seem to find mine . Do you know what 's happened to yours ? I 'll tell you whatever you want . Just get them out of here . No , doctor , I think it best that they stayed and listened , after all , who 'd better to call you on your lies than them . - I should have let them kill you . - Are your hands so clean ? This is your work , doctor , not mine . - If I had known ... - If you had known , what ? Single-handedly you would have put a stop to it ? What did you people think was happening here ? Not this . How nice to be able to choose to be so blind . You loathe me for doing your housekeeping . It 's always nice to have clean toilets , just don 't inquire as to how the job was accomplished . That 's a bit simplistic , don 't you think , doctor ? Is it ? Ever since the first aberration surfaced , we 've been under orders and pressure to find the source , and understand the nature of the mutation . You , as well as anyone , should understand , agent McBride , they want results , not excuses . - At any cost ? - Don 't be naive ! Had I come up with the answers , discovered a cure , I 'd have been given a medal of honor and a parade to go along with it . Are you even vaguely aware of what 's gone into medical research over the years ? Research , that in the end , has saved millions of lives . - And that makes it okay ! ? - It makes it necessary ! As much as you don 't want to know , Miss Vasco , you are part of this . We work on the same team , toward the same end . No , no , not anymore we don 't ! That team is about to change , doctor . In fact , my team will stay here until this entire facility ... is either cleaned up or cleaned out . You will give me full access to your records . I want the name of every individual involved . Are there any physicians on the staff that can be trusted ? Dr. Newman . I 'll have him form a new team . Hopefully , it 's not too late to help some of these people . - Let 's get the hell out of here . - Agent McBride . I misjudged you . Thank you . Dr. Newman is attending to the crew . Some of them may survive . Phillips was right . My hands aren 't so clean . We all live to learn , Jane . It 's learning that we can wash our hands that matters . Compassion ? When we last met , I was rather ill-behaved . But things have changed . Have they ? Haven 't you always suspected that in the end we are more alike than different ? I 'm not too sure of that . Clearly , you 're not the only one of us who can survive a gunshot to the chest . We 're family . And you 've known it for some time . Yeah , I suppose I have . I 've spoken with Dr. Roberts . And I know you two finally had the chance to meet . He and Randall Hyde , and well you know , you and I , it appears we have a great deal in common . You said that you weren 't part of Phillips ' experiments . - You were never de-chipped ? - No . Maureen chipped you when she apprehended you . How are you able to continue to use your abilities ? When Dr. Roberts told you that he 'd perfected his process , he was telling the truth . Chipping has no effect on us , any of us . The people you sent to Nico , are the result of earlier experiments . But you still wanted to help them . As did you . Perhaps there 's more to Dr. Robert 's vision of an improved species than ... simply the ability to heal . - What happens now ? - You 'll learn that soon enough . There 's an old phrase ... Be careful what you wish for , you just might get it . The people I work for have been desperate to understand the Neuro phenomenon ... How it works , where it started . In time , they may get that answer . But at what price ? Ever since I can remember , I 've always wished to feel part of something . Now it seems , after all these years , that I am . The price for that , too , might be more than I 'm willing to consider . Beautiful night . It might turn out to be . I feel I owe you an apology . I don 't know why . I mean , according to everyone the ... " you " that came to my room wasn 't you . Then perhaps you 'd like to share some wine with the real me ? - Not Monarchia ? - Definitely not . I guarantee you 're going to like what I have for you much more . You know , if you are Baumgartner , this could get strange . You have nothing to worry about . Do you really think you 're going to need that ? I 'm a firm believer in safe sex . Subtitles by subXpacio TusSeries
