 My name is Jane Vasco . I could use you on my team . I work for a secret government agency that hunts Neuros . People who can do dangerous things with their minds . On my first assignment ... something a little weird happened , okay , something really weird . Until I get some answers I 'm getting on with my life , doing my job ... stocking up on aspirin ... because I gotta tell ya , pain 's a bitch ! BUDAPEST , HUNGARY OFFICE OF THE NEW DIRECTOR OF N.I.C.O. GREG HAMILTON The van will be here at 10 : 00 to take agent McBride ... and his team to the airport tomorrow . Sure that 's early enough ? Wouldn 't want them to miss their flight home . More than enough . It 's so very red . It was the only shade that was able to completely cover the blood stains . There was a lot of blood . I knew I shouldn 't have bought it on e-bay . No , darlin ' it 's not like that . Of course I want you to come and visit , it 's just ... that if I give my contact information to anyone ... it might jeopardize the safety of those orphans being held captive . Orphans ? You said their parents were worried about them . Their soon-to-be parents who just selected those kids for adoption . God , they must be frantic right now . That 's why it 's so important I go in undercover to help find them . Be careful , Connor . Oh , darlin ' , oh yeah , I will . Wish me luck . Try it again . Boss , I 've hit it a dozen times in the last half hour . I can 't even get Morgan 's office on the emergency channel . Everything is shut down . Could it be a satellite problem ? No , if it was , there 's a dozen others they could piggyback on to . I sent him that message two days ago . All right , put me through to his house . CONNECTING ... We 're sorry , the number you have reached is not in service . Try Rio-six-two . Boss , - ... that 's for catastrophic events only . - I know what it 's for , Riley . Rio-six-two , do it ! Emergency communications , what 's your department code ? One-seven-three-six . Did you say , one-seven-three-six ? That 's correct , one-seven-three-six . That 's a non-functioning code . That 's impossible . That code registers non-functional . This is special agent Andre McBride , put me through to Gerald Morgan , immediately ! We have no one by that name on our personnel roster . All right , Riley , you try to reach him , use everything in your bag of tricks . I 'm going to talk to Hamilton , see what he knows . Boss , what the hell is going on down there ? ! Riley , override security and lock the facility down now ! High alert ! Someone 's trying to take out the whole operation . This is it , Riley , we 're going to war . PAINKILLER JANE 1x22 ENDGAME Subtitles subXpacio and TusSeries Main power is gone . We 're on emergency back up . No , this is not a communications problem with Washington . Morgan 's not even on the roster . Whoever 's did this , they planned it well . - Is captain Rawlings ... - He 's on his way down . Ok , got ' em boss . Connor 's in an elevator and Jane 's in a stairwell at the northeast sector . - They 're conferenced . - All right , people , talk to me . Little problem with a locked door . Working on it . Stuck between floors , darlin ' , wanna trade ? I want both of you get back to the command center ASAP . We have a situation . Tell me about it . Exits all secured . No one 's entered or left the facility in the past three hours . - Was anyone seen near Hamilton 's office ? - Nearest camera 's fifteen meters down . Didn 't show anyone except who we found at the scene . But there 's two hallways leading to the area that aren 't monitored . All right , cordon all detainees in a secured area and get me a head count . - Guys , this is not good . - What is it ? When the power surged , it blew the electronics in red sector . We got at least four cell locks that were disengaged . - Red sector 's the ... - I know what red sector is ! Get me Rawlings . Captain Rawlings , this is McBride , I 've just been informed there is been ... a security breech in red sector that 's red sector , all available personnel there immediately . Freeze ! I 've got Jane . - Jane , go . - I 'm out of the stairwell . What 's the quickest way back ? Ok , go right at the next T. You should be able to access a utility ladder about ten yards down ... and get up to level four . - Comm me when you get there . - Jane ... We 've had a security breech in red sector . I don 't know if anyone got out . Just be careful . Got it . Oh , that sucked ! All right , Riley , talk to me . Connor , where are you ? Third level , quadrant seven . Quadrant seven ? Boss , there 's a sub-panel just around the corner . He might be able to activate an overload and regain full power . Do it . Connor , head for the labs at the end of hall . There 's a power sub-panel in the wall . We might be able to get some power back on . Right , roger that . All right . All right , I 'm here . Ok , you 'll see two yellow switches about a third of the way down , the circuit overload should 've pushed them to the left , you need to reset them . Done . On top you 'll see a numbered dial . Turn it clockwise until the indicator lines up at 450 . - 450 done and done . - To the left you 'll see a red lever . Pull it up , and then back down . Now we 're done like dinner ! Got any other plans , Einstein ? Whoever cut the power must have damaged the systems at the mains . - They 're in the sub-basement . - Just tell me how to get there . That 's too risky . We 've got potential escapees from red sector . Get your ass back here . I 'm on level four , B-ward . Head to the fire doors . They 're probably locked , but there is windows . On it . Come on ! Come on , you sons of bitches ! That doesn 't make any sense . It 's just a supply area , and those doors wouldn 't lock down , they 're not even part of the emergency system . I don 't know what to tell you , Ri . If they 're not supposed to lock , someone must 've forgotten to tell them . No need for sarcasm , maybe I just made a little mistake . - Hey , wait a second . - What is it ? " It " is you eating your words . You 're on the wrong floor , Jane ! What ? - Still can 't get her . - Just keep trying . Report . Don 't worry about me , boss . I don 't heal as fast as Vasco , but I 'll be okay . Your theory about red sector escapees ain 't a theory . - They 're packing . - How many ? There was four , now there 's three . Vasco get back yet ? She was on the wrong floor and we lost connection with her comm . We 've unaccounted for red sector detainees . - Yes , we know captain . - They killed three of my men at the ward . - Another two on level 3 . - We lost Jane on level 3 . What about the rest of the population ? Everyone accounted for except a couple of trustees . - How many men can you spare ? - Two would be stretching it . Then stretch it ! We 'll do a grid search . Connor , you and I will make our way down from here . Take your men down to ground level Start there . Boss , guns . Guns . Dead ? Be better off if they were . - Julien Ellison . - Had the power to make people catatonic . - Don 't shoot ! - Freeze ! Slowly hands in the air . I didn 't do it . Eddie , what the hell are you doing here ? I 'm a trustee . I was cleaning up when he came in . - He just froze them . - We can 't trust this freak . It 's all right , a guy with this kind of power if he wanted us dead , we 'd be dead already . So , how come you aren 't comatose , Eddie ? I didn 't bother to ask , if you know what I mean . All right , get back to your ward . Go on . Doesn 't make sense . Guys in lockdown don 't do trustees favors . It fits the pattern . They 're taking out staff , not other Neuros . Clear ! Fire broke out in the records room . Sprinklers were activated , but the temp 's still rising . Rawlings ? I 've lost communications . It was sudden , just like Jane . Doctor , your predecessor ran unauthorized experiments on some of the population , yes ? - That 's correct . - Did he un-chip them ? The experiments would 've required him to do that . Temporarily . The Neuros on the loose must have been involved . Taking out the staff , destroying records . They 're trying to wipe out any evidence of our existence . And yet they didn 't touch a trustee . Because he 's a Neuro . Whoever 's behind this , they 're planning on sending ... every Neuro we 've ever captured back into the world . - We aren 't secure here . - We aren 't secure anywhere . We are in the safe room . It 's on level two , blue sector . She 's right . Got an ultrasonic barrier that deflects every neuro-ability we know of . Connor , get our weapons ready . Riley , pack up your computer . Dr. Newman , with me . Clear . Okay , guys , I 've got Jane ! We 've got escaped Neuros from red sector . - I know , I 'm headed your way . - No , Jane , we 've moved . We 're on a safe room on level 2 . - Where are you now ? - Near the kitchen area on three . How do I get there ? I 'm gonna try to open up a stairway east of you . If that 's jammed , use the kitchen stairs down to storage . You 'll have to double-back to the B-ward east door , then head straight and around the corner . - Copy that . - Jane . The door is secured and the barrier is activated . I need to know when you 're close . I only want it open ... for as long as it takes for you to get inside . Understood . Okay , Jane , you 're close . Head left and you 'll see the safe room door . I see it now . Go . Jane , hurry they 're right behind you ! Wait , wait , wait , wait ! No , Riley , - What are you doing ? ! - Riley , what the hell are you doing ? ! She 's lying ! - Open the door ! - She 's ... - Open the damn door ! She 's got red paint on her , okay ! It 's the same paint that Hamilton 's office was being painted ! She never reported being anywhere near there ! - Hurry up Riley ! - She 's lying . We 've got proof . Open the door ! Show me that proof now , Riley ! If they wanted you dead , you 'd be dead already ! She 's been lying the whole time , boss . You 'll all be dead soon enough ! And how are we going to get in ? We won 't have to . Connor and Andre will come after us . What 's the status of the yellow and green sectors ? They corralled the residents into the ding hall on blue . Only two guards on post . Everyone in yellow is locked in the day room . The guard stationed there was one of the ones we toasted in the records room . And we still have two dozen techs and administrative workers to take care of . They 're unarmed and untrained . Should be an easy sweep . - And we 'll free the wards . - And then what , just walk out ? No . Trucks will arrive at the main gate at 0700 . - We 'll get everybody on board . - And then where do we go ? We 've made arrangements for everyone to be flown back to the States . Without a team to hunt us down , - ... we 'll be able to ... - Get back to doing what we do best . - Yes . - Something like that . Doesn 't leave us a lot of time and we 're one man down . We could get more help from red sector . I had a bad feeling about that broad from the beginning . No , there 's got to be a reason why she 's doing this . I don 't give a damn why she 's doing it , Riley , she has to be stopped . - Like with a tranquilizer . - No , not with a tranquilizer . We 're going to have to kill Jane . How do you kill someone who can 't die ? - What do you mean , " can 't die " ? - She can heal from any injury . She and Baumgartner , they have a lot in common . He has the same capability . But Jane can 't change her image . It 's just a variation of his ability to regenerate his cell structure ... He always returns to his original form , and ... and we 've noticed he 's been able to heal from small injuries very quickly . Have you any DNA records of agent Vasco 's ? The patterns are identical . It 's possible she 's not acting on her own will . - What the hell does that mean ? - Baumgartner was always a unique case . His DNA pattern wasn 't like the other Neuros . It was similar , but there were significant differences . Like Jane . We 've studied his cerebral pattern extensively . We found that a region of his brain is unusually overdeveloped ; a region that makes him highly susceptible to suggestion . Jane 's pattern shows a similarly overdeveloped region in her brain . Who 's the sonofabitch doing the controlling ? No idea . So , then what ? Wave a watch in front of her face and she 'll stop what she 's doing . Preliminary research indicates that something like that might be a possibility , but at this point , it 's just a theory . I am sick and tired of theories . Right now we 're under assault and Jane 's leading the charge . But boss ... We 've seen her take hits to the body ... but there 's got to be a limit . We got enough firepower to the right area , there 's got to be something that she can 't heal from . Yeah , maybe , but the problem 's access . She 's got three unchipped neuroid freaks with her . Chances are won 't leave home without them . Then we 'll have to beat them at their own game . March ! Go , go , go ! Go , go , go ! We got a problem , boss . Yellow sector , door to the sub-perimeter . Riley , NICO remains under lockdown . If you want you can get one of Rawlings men ... Boss , we don 't have time ! Ok ? They 're in trouble ! This guy , he 's red sector . It stays locked . - Those are my people down there . - They 're my people too , doctor ! That gate leads to the sub-perimeter . They could easily get to the outside world ! - You could open it quickly ! - I can 't take risk ! - They 're going to die ! - Not if we get there first ! Thank you . Riley , you keep that locked ! Very Rambo . Pretty tough to heal from 200 rounds of hollowpoint , Jane . Just long enough to grab your cute little traitor ass and throw it in lockdown . There 's just one problem with your plan ... I don 't work alone . Now , what we 're ... We don 't work alone either . Riley , open the door ! Right , the people at that gate are safe for now . The same can 't be said for Jane 's freak crew , she 's on her own now . So that 's good news . Yeah , maybe , but there 's nothing to say she won 't spring more playmates from hell . That 's probably the first thing she 's going to do . I think I got Jane , but it 's a pretty good bet given the location . - She 's headed to red sector . - We may not be so lucky next time . I 'd like to think there 's a little skill was involved . - We have to stop her . - How can we do that ... - ... if she heals from gunshots ? - We don 't use guns . Riley , remember those explosives we used to blow the tunnel , we still got any ? Yeah , there 's enough chemicals and supplies to whip something up , but ... - ... they 're a couple levels down . - If we can get our hands on it , I can rig up something that no one 's going to walk away from . - Not even Jane . - How long will it take ? About half an hour . What 's Jane 's position ? - She 'll be back in red sector by then . - Can you do anything about that ? I can 't cut her off completely , but I can sure as hell slow her down . Then what are you waiting for ? I you see so much as a cockroach out there , shoot the hell out of it and don 't stop moving . My pleasure . Riley . Just for that ... I 'm going to save you for last . Come on Riley , where is she ? - In the vents . - Where in the vents ! I have do idea ! I mean , whoever built this place didn 't have the foresight ... to install security cameras in the air ducts ! That was the last one . We 're ready . Ready ? Where the hell are we going to use it if we can 't find Jane ? ! Get her to find me . Look , she 'll come out in the open if she thinks she has a clear shot . How are you planning to detonate that without destroying yourself ? There 's no other way . Maybe there is . I 've been helping Dr. Newman access NICO 's research database . Our experiments were unsuccessful with electrical stimulation ... to the control portion of Baumgartner 's brain I was telling you about . I discovered a convergence of synapses from the optical nerve and this node . Great ! Can we get someone in here to explain that in Hungarian ... - ... so we understand it better ? - Ok , for the Neanderthal 's among us , there 's a direct connection between the eye and the control center . And there 's probably a reason for that . And it 's possible the control node is activated by some kind of light source . That would explain why direct electrical stimulation didn 't have any effect . If we could hit that optical nerve with a high frequency spectrum , - ... it might be able to break the control . - And how do you intend to do that ? With this . You don 't see anything because you don 't have the condition . But to someone like Jane who does , it 'll look like the 4th of July on steroids . In theory , she 'll go out like a light . - It 's worth a shot . - Yeah . And if doesn 't work , I 'm dead and you 're all not far behind . No . I 'll take the explosives as a back up . I 'm the team leader , I recruited Jane , - ... this is my responsibility . - No , no , no ! I 'm the one with demo experience . It doesn 't take an expert to push a button . It does to reconnect a bad lead on the fly . We 'll draw straws . - Looks like it 's my lucky day . - Yeah , guess it is . She 's close , boss . Jane ! Jane , you 're being controlled ! Someone 's using you as a pawn . There 's a part of your brain that 's been programmed ! But that 's just like you , isn 't it ? Always pretending to be the rebel , but all you end up doing in the end ... is following orders . Haven 't exactly been following yours , have I ? Then again you won 't be giving any when you 're dead . Now Riley . Taking one for the team ? You were once a part of that team , Jane . Either you will be again , or this all ends right here . This is bad . Don 't make me do this . While you were on vacation , I tracked down Roberts to Vonotek . The chairman . He started it all . He created Neuros . He created me . I 'm part of a second generation . Neuro 2.0 now perfected . It felt like killing you , Connor and Riley , betraying Brian ... and trying to take over NICO was ... was something I wanted to do . I 'm a monster . Leave me here . You have to leave me here , find a way to chip me , let them experiment . That won 't be necessary . The light pattern worked . The synaptic activity at the control node has shifted , the node itself has shrunk . Do you understand ? You were being controlled . There 's a part of your brain that 's highly susceptible to command . Roberts was able to access that using a high spectrum light . None of this is your fault . - He 's a dead man . - Right now , you are more valuable to this team than you have ever been . This is a micro-bug . Roberts had it put in . He could hear everything you could . All Roberts knows is his destruction of NICO failed . He does not know that you 're no longer under his control . It turns the chip on and off . You can decide when Roberts listens in or when he doesn 't . You 're a double agent now , Jane . We don 't know how Roberts runs his organization , but with your help we will . Waking up on that table was like some kind of " Wizard of Oz " from hell . That would make me the cowardly lion . And Andre the heartless tin man . No brainer , I 'm the scarecrow . Truth be told , Riley actually has as much courage as anyone on the team , and Andre , even though he doesn 't like to show it , has one of the biggest hearts . And I 've even gotta admit that Connor can come up ... with a pretty damn brilliant idea every once in a while . Not that I 'll ever tell him . I 'd do anything to protect this team . And now that I 'm a double agent , we just might have a chance ... at stopping Roberts from whatever he 's up to . I knew she wouldn 't make it . He 's going to kill you . - We all have our problems . - Neuros tagged and bagged , boss . This work is unlike any work you 've done before . I call the shots in my life , agent McBride . Your entire service record has been red flagged . What the hell is going on ! We hunt Neuros . A dozen deaths traced directly to Vonotek . He 's on the express elevator . You wanted to see me , sir . Pre-sales figures . We have orders from 90 percent of targeted stores throughout the country ... including every major chain . That 's great news . Looks like retailers are betting that Vonotek 's new product ... will be every bit as successful as our pharmaceuticals . Why wouldn 't they ? We 're the most trusted company in the world . If we 're going to meet the demand , and I intend to , we 're gonna have to increase production and expand distribution . Which means increasing security . We 've got to keep our " secret sauce " secret . - I understand . - In this case , what people don 't know will help them . Just think Randall in approximately four months ... the world will begin to experience the amazing benefits ... of neurological enhancement . That 's what I call food for thought . VONO-BAR - SUPERCHARGE YOURSELF THE DAWN OF A NEW AGE IN HUMAN PERFORMANCE
