 When I was little my dad called me his " painkiller Jane " . Whenever I got hurt , I made the pain go away . Only I didn 't just bury it . Or push it aside I pretty much murdered it . Afterwards , I 'd go to a peaceful place in my mind . I called it the emerald city . Partly because it was green . Mostly because I could only dream about what magic must be inside . It was my way of controlling a world that was out of control . Hello . Report to security on floor 1-14 take the express elevator . Control can be a dangerous illusion . There are some things you have absolutely no control over . Gravity being one of the big ones . If you thought I was having a bad day then , four days earlier was even worse . Confused ? So was I. A new designer drug had started circulating through the clubs . Maureen and I were hoping we 'd score that night . Maureen 's my partner . As d.e.a. Agents , we 'd been working this case for three weeks . If we 'd done it my way , we 'd made the bust two weeks ago . Only we didn 't do it my way . We 've got enough on those two guys to ask some serious questions . No buy , no bust , Jane . And one more day in her borrowed heels , I 'd be limping permanently . We play by the rules . I got samples , you brought the money ? Be ready . What do you think ? You said you wanted to play by the rules . Looks like they 've just been broken . Take the ugly one . Wait ... d.e.a. Hands up ! Don 't move ! Usually , they like it when I do , darlin ' . You 're not going anywhere , pal ! D.e.a. Freeze ! Hands up ! Hands up ! Hands up ! ... what the hell is this ? Listen to me . My name is Andre Mcbride . I 'm a government agent . We 're on the same team . I 'm sure . I don 't think you 're sure of anything right now . And a bad shooting ... Shut up ! The man beside me is producing a hallucination . You cannot trust what you 're seeing . You sure you can believe what you 're hearing any more than what you 're seeing ? He 's a genetic aberration . We 've all got our problems . Right now , this is your problem . He 's doing this to gain time and confuse you . Well he 's doing a damn good job . The man beside me is going to kill you . He 's lying . No . Easy . I want you to explain this . You first . How did you know I was telling the truth ? You 're shadow moved , he didn 't . Smart . Your turn . What just happened in here ? ! Yeah , nothing on him ! I got it . They cleared you . Still doesn 't say what branch of the government you work for . It 's not supposed to . Why 'd you come after us ? We saw a buy go down . We 've been working this place for three weeks . Saw you guys hanging around . Didn 't look like your kind of crowd . I 'll take that as a compliment . It wasn 't meant as one . What happened in there ? ! I 'm afraid , you 'll have to be content with " thank you " agent Vasco , and leave it at that . Hey , you might 've checked out with my supervising officer , but that doesn 't mean you checked out with me . The neuro 's tagged and bagged , boss . Thank you . You ever hear of a neuro ? What 's a neuro ? No idea . But it 's something we 're not supposed to know about . You probably figured out by now I 'm not much of by-the-book kind of gal . Which is why invited chuck in the I.t. Department for coffee and a bagel the next morning . Which is why he agreed to check out Andre Mcbride and the d.e.a mainframe that afternoon , which is why by the time I was called in the deputy director 's office ... Have a seat . I could have sworn the bagel was still sitting in my stomach . Your current investigation has been terminated by the director . Why ? She chose not to share that with me , agent Vasco . I do know your entire service record has been red-flagged by the Pentagon . You tried to hack our database . I don 't do well with unanswered questions . Well , life 's full of them . What do you want ? You . Now ? Up here ? Your school records indicated you were suspended 22 times over the four-year period . That 's a lie , it was twenty-three , actually . Reasons included everything from fighting and swearing to feigning an epileptic seizure . Yeah . My bad . Hospital records show that when they refused to let you visit your dying mother , a nurse found you holding her in the middle of the night ... Somehow you 've been living in her room for three days . I 'm done here . I know what makes you tick , agent Vasco . And I know you think outside the box . If you didn 't , I wouldn 't have survived . If that 's a thank-you ... It is . I could use you on my team . Only I don 't know what your team does , do I ? Well , that 's the catch-22 . Can 't tell you until you 're aboard . I 'm more the kind of girl you have to take to dinner first . The work is unlike anything you 've ever done before . And we call our own shots . Everyone 's accountable to someone . You 'd only be accountable to me . Military . You have that " I love the chain of command " charm about you . Seven years with special forces . Well , I appreciate the offer . Whatever the hell it is . Careful . Even in my own shoes , I can 't put one foot in front of the other . One request , agent Vasco ... Since you 've now decided to stay out of our business , stay out of our business . doc ... Doc ... - Where do you want these ? - Just there . Intruders approaching from the north tunnel ! Go ! Riley , how many ? ! Two ! Proximity ! Fifteen meters ! How 'd they get through ! I don 't know but I think they 're armed ! I 'll cut ' em off at the subway passage ! Ten meters out ! No time , we set up here ! They 're on us ! Stand down ! Put your weapon down ! Don 't shoot , it 's me ! Show ! Put the gun down now ! All clear . Riley , all clear ! She caught me coming in . Nice place . Do the decorating yourself ? Hope you like it . Now that you 've violated security and know our location ... It 's yours . No , no , you listen to me , how can I be reassigned ? Because you can . What if I say no ? I hear there 's an opening at mielo 's department store . Ladies shoes . I call the shots in my life , agent Mcbride . Vasco ! How 'd you find us ? This ! She tagged you , boss . Careful . Even in my own shoes , I can 't put one foot in front of the other . Looks like I can put one foot in front of the other after all . Gentlemen . Hey , mo . What the hell 's going on ? I heard you got booted from the agency ! I wish I knew , I ... I have no problem taking first position . But not this way . I appreciate that . And I want to go on record that I think you 're getting a bad rap . You are getting a bad rap , aren 't you ? Maureen ... With the way you do things , I always knew I 'd get to say " I told you so . " How come I 'm not enjoying it . - What you 're talking about ? - Don 't screw around with this , Jane . Get a good lawyer . When the d.e.a. Files drug possession charges against one of their own , it 's serious . Get a good lawyer . Yeah , yeah , I gotta go . Thanks for calling , mom . We both play hardball , agent Vasco . And we both play to win . Even if it means screwing with someone 's life ? ! In time , you 'll be cleared of the drug charges ... If you join our team . That 's not much of a choice , is it ? That was the idea . Special agent Steve Ford , communications tech Riley Jensen , and you remember special agent Connor King . The ugly one . Joe Waterman ran operations for the subway . Before the city shut it down . Well most of it anyway . Hi , I 'm dr . Seth Carpenter . And this is agent Jane Vasco , formerly of the d.e.a. , who 's graciously consented to join our team . Another woman . She 's more than qualified . If only I knew for what . We hunt neuros . Neurological aberrant . Which is what we were doing in that club the night we met . Your partner , is she straight ? Six years ago the government became aware of a genetic aberration appearing in the population . Despite their differences , we 've discovered a definable pattern in their gene code . This aberration seems to affect the neurological center of the frontal and cerebral cortex . What dr . Carpenter 's means in english , those with the aberration , possess a unique ability to influence others . Like the one in the club . The one you experienced had the ability to induce hallucinations . But we 've encountered dozens of variations . In how many people ? To date , almost 200 . Welcome to the freak show . What causes it ? Well ... Um ... You don 't know . Several possibilities genetic , environmental , chemical ... We 're still working on trying to find the source . The reasons the neuros use their powers is as varied as they are . We think the aberration interferes with the brain 's ability to distinguish right from wrong . You really don 't know that much , do you ? We know they 're a pain in the ass . Which is why the government has gone to great lengths to keep the phenomenon secret and not panic the public . We use intel from law enforcement , and media first to identify , then contain . Contain ? We chip ' em . The micro chip basically short circuits " the problem . " once it penetrates the epidermis , nano tech propulsion delivers it through the bloodstream to the brain . Each method of transmission varies with the op . Sometimes it 's with this ... Sometimes it 's less conspicuous ... So much for job orientation . You 're a smart girl , you 'll learn the rest as you go . We 've been working this case for some time . Someone is dealing substandard medications on the black market . Sounds like d.e.a. Territory . It was . Now , it 's ours . We 're convinced there 's a neuro behind the operation . The drugs in question are made and manufactured by vono tek . The emerald city . It 's hard to believe that the company would even manufacture sub-standard product ? They don 't . But about one-tenth of one percent of every run fails quality control . Contamination . A snag in the manufacturing process . Expired ingredients that didn 't get scanned properly . Even that small percentage amounts to millions of drugs . Any batch that fails to pass qc is locked away and slated for destruction . In this case , someone 's making an end run and getting them out , onto the street . Obviously , the medications look like the real deal . But any unscrupulous pharmacy , someone trying to cut corners ... There have already been a dozen deaths traced directly to vono tek . Why are you convinced there 's a neuro behind this ? We lost one of our agents to a " neuro " . Shannon Perry was a member of our team . I put her inside vono tek . Her first day on the job she left the building and calmly stepped in front of a moving truck . Women don 't last very long around here . Is it the sexual harassment or a size deficiency ? Shannon 's psych record was spotless . Someone made her do it . How 'd they break her cover ? We don 't know . She was following Randall Hyde . Vono tek 's head of security . In order to have free access to vono tek 's vaults , the neuro would have to control Hyde . Unless he is the neuro . He 's clean . We 've taken tissue samples . The neuro obviously had to get close enough to control shannon . How close is close ? Proximity . It varies but in order to control a subject , a neuro would have to be nearby . So we need to go back in . Yes . But not solo . I want you and Jane inside . You can play tag with Hyde and watch each other 's back . We move quickly here , Vasco , get used to it . I hacked human resources . Most are working tomorrow . Impressive . You have no idea . All I can say is be careful what you wish for . The thing about dreams is they can turn into nightmares faster than you can click your high heels . Report to security on floor 1-14 . Take the express elevator . Boss , they 've cleared security , they 're in position . Blue one 's Hyde , Jane 's on him . He 's on the express elevator to the lobby , looks like he 's leaving the building . Entering the express elevator now . You said " the lobby " , right ? Yeah . Hyde wasn 't on it . Had to be on it . There 's no where else to get off . He has to be still in the building . Hyde must be jamming his security tag . Wherever he went , he obviously doesn 't want anyone watching . Or the neuro doesn 't . Yeah . I can beat it . The only question is how long is it going to take . Got it . I 'm into their climate control system . Monitoring Hyde 's movement through his heat signature . I did that by ... Riley , where is he ? I don 't know where he 's been but I know where he is now . Just landed on the 46th floor . Thank you . Steve ! What are you doing ? ! It 's me , Jane ! Knew she wouldn 't make it . Stop crying . Mom 's dead . There 's nothing you can do about it . When they put her in the ground , say goodbye and let her go . Don 't ever let them see you cry again . He 'll kill you . We all have our problems . The neuros tagged and bagged , boss . This work is like any other work you 've done before . I call the shots in my life , agent Mcbride . Your entire service record has been red-flagged ... What the hell is going on ? We hunt neuros ... Dozen deaths , directly to ... He 's on the express elevator . No freakin ' way ! Boss , you better take a look at this . Why am I not dead ? Another " you don 't know " ? You 're alive . That 's the only thing that 's important right now . Easy , easy , easy .. Listen , I want you to stay here , we 'll monitor your vitals , we 'll do more testing . The neuro was controlling him . Logical conclusion . I 'm more interested in illogical ones . Agent Vasco survived a forty-six story fall . There are freak accidents , there are freak survivals . Hundreds have been documented . Plane crashes , suicide attempts , construction workers . All lived . Now what aren 't you telling me . Lacerations . Contusions . Internal organ damage . She doesn 't have any . Not even a scratch . But she ... No , nothing in her blood work , tissue samples or brain scan indicate anything related to what we 're dealing with . So what is she dealing with ? Where do you think you 're going ? I am so over this , you have no idea . I am going home . You 're ... Supposed to be dead ! That 's okay . The agency told me you fell off a building . Drunks fall off buildings . I was pushed . I need a drink . Jane , you shouldn 't have left the hospital . I didn 't . I left the morgue . You know how I hate the cold . What the hell is going on ? I don 't know . I just fell forty stories and now I 'm looking for a glass I should 've washed a week ago ! Forty ? No , no , they said it was four . Four is a ... Possibility ? This is about neuros , isn 't it ? Neuros , you just stay out of this . I know you had that dork from I.t. Running checks on that guy from the club , Andre Mcbride . I got onto his computer and I ran a check on his check . Why did you do that for ? Because covering your ass is a habit . Are you okay ? You have no idea what you just got yourself into , no idea . Mcbride recruited Maureen the same say he did me , I tried talking myself into believing she had it coming . And it involved caring too much . Covering my ass . The truth is , I would have done the same for her , only I wouldn 't have been so damned dramatic about it . Keep your distance , Maureen . You said these neuros need to be in close proximity to the subject in order to exert control , is there anyway to find out who would have been close enough to both shannon and Steve ? Been there , done that . No one who was within range of shannon when she died was above the tenth floor of the building when Steve went through the window . Then how the hell does a neuro influence people when they 're not within range ? Remote control ? The comm-sets ! Riley ? I suppose transmission through the airwave counts as proximity . It 'd be a first , though . Everyone uses that communication system . It could be anybody . But not everyone is cleared to talk directly to another employee . Who would have clear and open access to the comm system ? It 's got to be Hyde 's assistant ! She runs the central switchboard . Crap ! What ? She just comm 'd Maureen . How could she make it so quick ? She can monitor the entire operation from her desk . - Can you intercept the transmission ? - I 'm trying to get in now ! I can 't intercept but I can get in . Only it won 't be a secure connection . Do it . Do it . We 're in . Your name is Maureen bowers . You were recruited by a government agency to hunt neurological aberrants . The thoughts you 're having ... They 're not your own . Someone 's trying to get you to kill yourself ! Your name is Maureen bowers . You were a d.e.a. Agent ... Mo , it 's me . You 're being controlled ! Dammit , mo ! For once in your life listen to me ! If you don 't stop this second , mo who is going to be there to watch my back ? She 's alive . Boss , Hyde 's assistant is leaving the building . Riley , stay on her . Let 's move . Approaching her ... Now . She didn 't go there to turn herself in . Neuros control people . When you 're being followed , who better to control than people with guns . I say we go in anyway . We badge the badges , when the cop pulls his piece , we blow him away , chip the bitch , let the feds straighten it out later . Sounds like something you came up with in prison , Connor . Did you say prison ? There were extenuating circumstances . There always are . Ma 'am , you can 't be back here ! They 'll be here soon . Get down ! There are all kinds of decisions in life . Some more difficult than others . For the sake of the team , I knew the one I was about to make was one I couldn 't avoid . For the record , I knew something else , it was going to hurt like hell . Connor , get back through the water here ! Hurry it up , Connor ! Let 's go ! What the hell did you think you were doing ? Thinking outside the box ? For future reference , agent Vasco , I give the orders around here . We 're both alive , aren 't we ? You shouldn 't be ! Listen to me , whatever the hell is going on with me , I really need to know what it is , okay ? I 'll find answers , Jane . You have my word . When my mother died , it hurt . It hurt a lot . And something in me had changed . I realized that pain was going to be my friend . That it would sustain me . And make me stronger . I just never realized how much stronger " stronger " would be . And how changed I would actually become . I don 't know what happened to me . Or what it means . No one does yet . For right now , I 'm just trying to stay focused on the job taking one day at a time , putting one foot on the other . Boss , I know where Hyde went on the express elevator floor 1-13 only there is no floor 1-13 . How he accessed it ? No idea . For what reason , don 't know . But I will . No , you won 't . The mandate is to identify and contain neurological aberrants , whatever happens after that , it 's not our problem .
