 My name is Jane Vasco . I could use you on my team . I work for a secret government agency that hunts neuros . People who can do dangerous things with their minds . On my first assignment ... Something a little weird happened , okay , something really weird . Until I get some answers I 'm getting on with my life , doing my job . Stocking up on aspirin , because let me tell ya , pain 's a bitch ! The five car pile up ... alright , check your comms . Maureen ? Check . Connor ? Check . Alright , now watch your footing , we know he has mines and trip wires . Maybe some home-made goodies too . Probably . Alright , take first positions you don 't move until I give the word . Understood ? Copy . Copy . All right , move out . Maureen , into position now ! Incoming ! Bauers , are you hit ? No , but I don 't think this stealth approach is working . Connor , you in position ? Connor , Connor ... Connor ! He 's hit ! Bauer , why don 't you lay down some fire , on three . Alright , 1 ... 2 ... 3 ! so here we are . Yeah . Here we are . We spend our lives looking for answers . Who am I ? Why am I here ? Why is David Hasselhoff so big in Germany ? We always think that finding the answers are going to bring us some kind of satisfaction , when usually it just gets us more questions . The more things I find out about myself , the more I wish I could develop partial amnesia . Only with my luck , I probably remember the pain and forget my name . Hey , I did a story on your old boss at the D.E.A. Earl Pike . Yeah ? Seems as if he took Early retirement . You 're kidding ! Lt. Pike loved the job . Up until he got shot . I interviewed him for the story . Seems the shooting really threw the fear of god into him . Yeah , but enough to quit ? The man took a bullet a half inch from his heart . I guess it 's hard to say what any of us would do unless we 've walked in his shoes . Brian and I have been going out just long enough for it to still be exciting and scary at the same time . So much to learn about him and so much to keep him from discovering about me . Come on ! Number B-4 . Bingo ! Bingo ! Bingo ! Oh ... Hello ! Sorry to interrupt . It started raing ... It 's quite all right . Would you like to join us ? We have reservations . Yeah , uh-huh . Aw , that 's too bad . I 'm going to find the ladies ' room , dry off a little . And tell your paper that they need a new weatherman . Number O-69 . Everything okay ? I have to go . We haven 't even had .. I 'm so sorry . I can 't really explain , but ... Duty calls . Yeah , something like that . I promise I 'll make it up to you . That , I 'm looking forward to . Hey . Hey , I 'm sorry to drag you out , but I need you to see this . Agent Vasco . I 'm not even sure who you are an agent with , but I know in three days , you and your team will try to arrest me . It won 't go well . Your three teammates will be killed . And then you 'll shoot me . I die in front of the orange door . Is this some kind of joke ? Keep watching . I know how this sounds , but you have to believe me . These things that I see all will happen . I can 't stop it , but maybe you can . Please don 't come after me . Keep your team away . It 's the only way to save their lives and mine . You found this in a bathroom ? It was taped to a mirror , waiting for me . Who knew where you 'd be tonight ? Nobody . That 's the thing . Brian and I were on our way to dinner . When all of a sudden it started raining , so we ran into that senior center . Are you sure he didn 't steer you that way intentionally ? In case it started raing . At exactly the right moment to fit into his master plan to freak me out ? I don 't think so . What do you think I should do ? Jane , we don 't know who this guys is . He 's not even on our radar . Maybe it will turn out to be a practical joke or something . See ya tomorrow , alright ? Hey , it could be a new one . How many incidents , Riley ? Four , including this one . What 's going on ? Riley 's been tracking a series of unusual phone calls . It could be neuro . You remember that plane crash yesterday in North Carolina ? Somebody called the airline that morning , warning them to cancel the flight . The cops figured that the tipster must have had some kind of involvement , right ? So they traced the call and brought the guy in for questioning ... Same guy 's phoned in three other tips . All solid . All reliable . That 's the guy . Damn ! Not on our radar , huh ? What ? I have something you should see . I got a message from this man . Keep your team away . It 's the only way to save their lives and mine . " the man " is Ethan Grant . No criminal record , no nothing . He told the police that he " saw " the plane crash before it happened . There was no other evidence connecting him to it . But there were other calls , right ? The voice print from his call to the airline matches three others from the past six months , warning people about bad things that were going to happen : a gas main explosion , a fire at an elementary school , and get this ... A tornado that touched down near Amarillo , Texas . Sounds good for a chip to me . You heard what the man said . If he 's right and so far you say he has been then three of you will die . If you actually believe that someone can see into the future . Even if I don 't ... Why risk it ? He hasn 't committed any crime . All he 's been doing is trying to save people 's lives . So far , yes . But if he is a neuro and if he can see into the future , you have to wonder what else he can do . Bet on every horse race , title fight and bowl game for the next twenty years ? I was thinking more along the lines of predicting presidential security routes . Or transport protocols for nuclear weapons . Why do you assume he 's trying to hurt anyone ? Because he can , traditional law enforcement can 't handle him . That power is what makes him , and every other neuro , our problem . Even if it costs us our lives . Let 's leave this alone , andre . Is he still in police custody ? No . They had to release him . Way to go feds . That 's the address where they picked him up . A house owned by his sister , Sarah . If you 're going to do this , I 'm going with you . Why ? Because I 'm the only one guaranteed to survive . He 's not here . When do you expect him home ? Ethan doesn 't live here . He was just visiting for a few days when he made that phone call . After the police dragged him off , I doubt he 'll be back . Do you know where we can find him ? I don 't know . You don 't know where your own brother lives ? I need to get to work . We know what he can do . We know he was trying to save those people on the plane . They wouldn 't believe him . They never do . It started about a year ago . Before that Ethan seemed fairly normal . Fairly normal ? He worked as a graphics designer . He made a good living at it . But then something changed . Ethan would get a feeling that something bad was going to happen , and within a few days , something always did . Then his feelings got more specific . He knew when and where ... And how many people would die . He called the gas company in denver to warned them about the main exploding . They told him someone would look at it . Obviously , nobody did , not until it was too late . It was like that every time . Nobody would listen . We really need to talk to your brother , I 'm going to ask you one more time , do you know where we can find him ? I wish I did . Since this began , Ethan has basically retreated from the world . When his premonitions first started , he thought that they were the result of some secret government experiment . Now he 's afraid they want to dissect him , or try to exploit his abilities . He probably wouldn 't like me talking to you ... Miss Grant , we 're here because your brother sent me a message . About what ? Another disaster . One that he wants me to help him stop . Did he tell you how many people are going to die ? Did he say he 'd be one of them ? Why do you ask ? Because when he came to see me this week ... I got the feeling he was here to say goodbye . Hello ? Ethan . Keep him on . Riley , you got that ? I need a trace . Got it . He says to tell the two agents sitting in my living room that there 's going to be a terrible accident . A transformer at the westdale power station is going to explode within the hour . Five city blocks will be affected , including the intersection of fourth and delancy . A traffic signal will lose power and when it does , it will cause a major accident involving half a dozen cars . Eleven people will die . Has he called the power station ? He 's saying that they aren 't going to listen to him . Maybe they 'll listen to you . Let me talk to him . Ethan ... Go . We can be at the power station in 15 minutes . Whoa , whoa , whoa . If he knows we 're on his trail . This could be a ploy to throw us off . You willing to take that chance ? Yeah , I know . If you can 't do it , who can ? Then let me speak to your supervisor ! Thank you . Riley says it 'd take him at least an hour to get into the power plant control system . It might take me that long to get through to these people . Yes , yes . My name is Jane Vasco , I 'm a federal agent . We just received a tip that there 's a threat to one of your power transformers . It 's imperative that you look into it immediately . No , no , no , I 'm sorry sir , thsoe details are classified ! Sir , I am instructing you to do this . If any causalities occur from your failure to look into this situation ... What ? Excuse me , hi . Riley traced the call Ethan made to his sister this morning . Isn 't this enough proof that the man 's for real ? He said if we go after him , three of us will die . Or should I say , three of you . You have to let this one go , andre . Can 't do it , Jane , you know that . He goes through what we just went through every time he sees a disaster coming ? Now you want to act like the government thugs he 's afraid of and hunt him down ? That is just it , maybe we can help him ? So far we 're doing a bang-up job . I mean with his visions . If he is a neuro , we can chip him . Give him some peace . Unless you want him to deal with this for the rest of his life . No , you think Ethan is some ticking bomb who needs to be defused . You don 't care about helping him . You do . You 're a manipulative son of a bitch , you know that ? Ethan called from a military surplus store about a mile away from his sister 's . Connor and Maureen going to meet us ? You sure this place doesn 't have an orange door ? Look at the bright side , kid , it 's not saturday . Yeah , he was here this morning . Asked to use the phone . How many calls did he make ? Just the one . A local number . I don 't allow any long distance on my phone . Had you ever seen him before ? Sam ? Sure . He comes in once in a while . Sam ? He said his name is Sam ? Isn 't it ? What does he buy ? The basics . Batteries , rope , water purification tablets ... Survival gear . Well , I don 't sell mochaccino lattes . Obviously not . You ever sell Sam a gun ? Sure . A hunting rifle . Anything else ? Couple knives . Like I said , the basics . Hand grenades and semi-automatics . Well , well .. Now what ? Close the shop ? Bust me ? I could skip that last part , if you give me Sam 's address . Here . Sam Whittaker . 403 morningside lane . That 's his sister 's address . That 's what he gave me . We still have a deal or what ? What 's this ? Dunno . You know what it is ? These symbols scribbled in the margin ? It seems familiar , but I 'm not sure . You got anything else ? In my business , you don 't pry . Especially not with that one . Meaning ? Your buddy Sam has been stocking up on enough guns , ammo , trip wires , mines and grenades to supply his own little army . Still think he doesn 't pose a threat ? There 's nothing on this guy . No bank records , no phone service , no driver 's license ... Same thing for the fake Sam Whittaker I.D. He knows how to stay off the radar . But everybody makes a slip and I 'll find it . A paranoid neuro with an alias and a gun fetish . Tasty . He drew this ? Yeah , Jane thought it seemed familiar . Yeah , it 's the Tosrona logo . They made those funky clear sneakers that were trendy a while back . I had three pairs . Okay , so we know our neuro likes geeky shoes . Okay , guys , Tosrona had a factory downtown . Closed about a year ago . This ! This is Tosrona . It 's still empty . The whole district is pretty much abandoned . A hell of a place to live under the radar . We should check it out . Told you everybody makes a slip . If it is a slip . That 's a good point . He would have known we were going to trace him . Maybe he wanted us to find this . Why ? To lead us into a trap ? Maybe . He 's not trying to trap anybody . He told us to stay away . You 're afraid to go after this guy ? You 're the one who should be afraid . According to him , I come out of this . Maybe we don 't have a choice . Haven 't his experiences and ours proven we can 't change the outcome ? There 's always a choice . There has to be . If it 's all fate , then we 're just going through the motions and none of it means a damn thing . That 's one theory . Consider it rejected . Nobody controls my destiny but me . That 's what we 'd all like to believe , isn 't it ? You don 't ? Say you 're right , and we can save our own asses by leaving this guy out there along with his guns , if he uses those guns , and even one innocent person gets hurt , then we 've all got blood on our hands . I agree . It 's our risk . Our choice . Doesn 't look wired . No signs of life . We 're ready to go in . Got it , proceed . Wait ! Everyone hold . What ? Ethan said he was going to die by the orange door . Good , so we know we 're in the right place . At least let me go in first . We 're going in . We 're in . Headed for the upper level . Keep your eyes open , this guy has a lot of fire power . Riley , you reading us ? Clear as day . Scanning for other heat signatures . Keep us posted . All quiet down here , boss . Keep looking , he 's gotta be here somewhere . Maureen , what 's your status ? Side door , southwest corner . No one here . Nobody has been here for months . This is a total bust . So much for the doodle clue . At least you 're alive . What 's all this ? There were usable prints on that sheet of paper from the gun place . They matched up with a few more aliases for Ethan Grant . So I 'm running them all down . Looks like a lot of work . Yeah , well ... Part of the job . I was wondering if you could pull up the audio files of Ethan Grant 's emergency calls . Okay . But if you 've already got all the servers running ... I 'd love to help you . I can grab them right now . You just wait right there , okay ? Here you go , my dear . We 'll have a listen to these together , I suppose . Yeah . Check these out later . Agent Vasco . Ethan , where are you ? I knew you 'd come here . I saw it . I believe you . And I believe your premonition about me and my team . How do I stop it ? You don 't understand , you can 't stop fate , no one can . It 's like a living thing , it swallows us all into darkness . What are you doing here ? And why did you send me that warning ? On the slim chance that you might be the one who saves us all from the abyss . I don 't understand . These disasters I see don 't just spontaneously happen . There 's a chain of events leading up to each one . Where do I come in ? By the time I see what 's going to happen , my opportunity to break the chain has already passed . But not for me . You are only hope . Futile as it may be . It 's also the only hope your friends have to survive the darkness that 's written on them . I 've tried warning my team . They won 't listen to me . Now you know how I feel . When it 's closing in on you and you have no place else to go , we already found the Tosrona building downtown . The one with the orange door , where you said ... Where I die . So stay away from it . Come out so I can see you . Let me bring you in right now , safely and quietly . I have no choice anymore . No matter what I do , no matter how hard I try , I can 't change this . Fate will have her way . Fate didn 't buy all those guns , and destiny won 't pull the trigger . If anyone on my team members are injured , I 'm going to hold you personally responsible . You 're wrong about that , Jane . Our lives are in your hands now . One link . Any way . Just turn yourself over and put an end to this . What I have here , will protect my friends and put an end to your pain . And take away my gift . Your gift is torture . It 's a torture I couldn 't live without . It 's helped me live in a world that has little but pain to offer me . Like you said , I do have a choice . I 'm sorry , Jane . Doesn 't happen this way . Sorry ma 'am . Read the sign . Men only . Just a minute . You have to leave now . Here we go . Grant won the state spelling bee when he was nine years old . That should crack the case wide open . Hey , Jane , what 's going on ? Vasco . Tell me that 's a pint of tequila ... Because I 'm losing my mind . I have to do something to break the chain somehow . Sorry . Jane ? You 're absolutely sure Jane is the one who tranked you ? I think I know what vasco looks like . It was Jane . She calibrated the dose to keep you out for an hour . Just long enough . For what ? Easy , easy ... There 's some damage to your workstation ... What do you mean , damage ? Oh , man ... Riley ... Oh , no , no , no ! I don 't understand . Why would she do this ? To cover her tracks . I just stopped by Jane 's place . There 's some clothes and a suitcase missing . But she left her locator behind . Will somebody tell me what the hell is going on ? ! Jane 's still trying to change the future that Ethan Grant predicted . By leaving town ? She 's probably trying to get as far away from Ethan , the Tosrona factory , and us as possible . Without her , the premonition can 't play out the way he saw it . She did this thinking we can 't find Grant by tomorrow . Tomorrow ? You mean today . It 's almost 6 : 00 a.m. Can you fix it ? I 'm good but I can 't bring back the dead . Unless ... Wait a minute ... Ok , this is one of the first handheld processors . It 's a collector 's item . Which is helpful because ... because it has an Early version of my personal operating system . It 'll be excruciatingly slow . You know what kids , law enforcement did function before the advent of the computer . We 'll just have to investigate the old-fashioned way . Connor , you and i , we 're going to Sarah Grant 's it 's the closest thing we 've found to a home base for Ethan . What about Jane ? How are we going to find her ? We 're not . There 's no indication that she 's in danger . Besides , with a head start and her skills ... No , we stay on Ethan . So I see only one bed here , where did your brother sleep ? That 's a pull-out couch . Let 's check it out . Was Ethan 's the only one who slept on it , in the last few months ? Yeah . Ugh ... Vasco , I 'm going to kill you for this . What 'd you find ? It looks like lint . Ethan 's ? I guess . This guy needs to be chipped sooner than later . Andre . I want a sample of that dirt . The car had overheated and so had i , the only thing that mattered to me was knowing there was no way I could get back in time to fulfill my destiny . Here 's the breakdown on your dirt . Nothing too surprising in its composition . But distinctive enough to tell us where it came from ? If we had geographic samples to compare it to , sure . Who might have that kind of data ? The U.S. Geological Survey ? The E.P.A. ? Even if they agreed to run the analysis , we 'd have to wait our turn , it could take months . Then we won 't ask . Riley ... You want me to hack the E.P.A. with this ? Are you saying you can 't ? Of course I can . It 's just a matter of time . Within the hour would be nice . But decrypting the access codes alone would take ... Of course , you don 't actually need full access to their database . Just comparative soil and pollutant analysis ... Which their computer could do for me . There you go . This is Tosrona . It 's still empty . The whole district is pretty much abandoned . There 's no one here . No one has been for months . Here 's the question of the century , what 's a police training facility that looks exactly like the Tosrona shoe factory doing way out here at the exact spot my car broke down ? And why is andre 's suv parked outside ? Okay , that 's two questions , but who 's counting when you 're about to come face to face with fate . Alright , I saw movement in the north-west corner . Hang on . Yeah , north-west corner . This is going down . It won 't be what he predicted without Vasco . Let 's find out . Alright check your comms . Maureen ? Check . Connor ? Check . Alright , now watch your footing , we know he has mines and trip wires . Maybe some home-made goodies too . Probably . Alright , take first positions you don 't move until I give the word . Understood ? Copy . Copy . All right , move out . Bauers , are you hit ? No , but I don 't think this stealth approach is working . Connor , you in position ? Yeah , I 'm here . Alright , I 'm going to draw his fire . When I do , i want you to ... Connor , wait ! Connor ! Bauer , why don 't you lay down some fire , on three . Alright , 1 ... 2 ... 3 ! Don 't worry , andre , I 'm going to get you outta here . How bad is it ? What the ? That one really hurt . But I thought andre died ? I drugged Connor and andre . But ... Don 't you understand ? I died in their place . You 're trying to fake out fate ? Who says it 's a fake-out ? Maybe this is exactly what Ethan saw , and he only interpreted it as seeing three different people die . There 's only been two . Logic was one of Maureen 's strong points , it just didn 't always hit home when it came to applying it to herself . That leaves one left to go . Sorry , Mo . so here we are . Yeah . Here we are . The chip will suppress your abilities . No more premonitions . But I saw my own death . You shouldn 't believe everything you see . So it is possible . The things I see ... They can be changed . Come on . Watch out ! Noooo ! Connor ? Another room . Hey , you saved three lives tonight . Ethan came to me for help , and he still ended up dead . While I came through , without a scratch . Jane 1-13 ? What 's that ? Not only was our guy paranoid , he was a hypochondriac . No , he was preparing . For what ? Whatever he saw coming . Most of us would give anything for a peak into the future , Ethan had no choice but to see his own . And it tortured him to the very end . It 's second nature to curse our flaws , and we do convince ourselves that life would be easier without them . Ethan 's ability to se the future was his flaw , a vision he was compelled to share with me . And maybe it 's because I have my own issues with confining . But I can 't help wondering , what did 'nt he share ?
