 My name is jane vasco . I could use you on my team . I work for a secret government agency that hunts neuros . People who can do dangerous things with their minds . On my first assignment ... Something a little weird happened , okay , something really weird . Until i get some answers i 'm getting on with my life , doing my job . Stocking up on aspirin , because I gotta tell ya , pain 's a bitch ! Big Line Thirsday . Arsonist has finally been apprehended by local authorities . After allegedly burning another house to the ground in north salem last night the serial arsonist and public enemy number 1 for this community has apparently been apprehended . Trial begins today . Up to the minute coverage right here on action news . My partner and I were on routine patrol when we saw the flames . Would you tell the court what happened next . We arrived at the samuel 's house and saw the suspect fleeing from the scene . When he refused to obey our orders my partner fired a warning shot . Was that sufficient to stop the defendant from attempting to escape ? No , sir . I fired at the suspect . My shot hit him in the leg . It was at that point that we were able to subdue him and take him into custody . The police alerted us to the fire just after 10 : 00 am . Two of our units responded , including emu . By the time we got there The fire had already reached the second story of the samuel 's house . How long did it take to get control of the fire ? It took about an hour before I felt that it was safe for my men to enter the structure . Would you tell us what you discovered . Most of the ground floor was gone . There was enough left of the support beams to keep the house from collapsing . After you entered ... What was your first impressions as to what caused the fire ? As we passed through the main entry of the house , I noticed a " hot spot . " could you explain that ? Usually the location where the fire begins is the hottest spot . Usually you 'd expect to see the hot spot in a kitchen , near a stove , or in the case of an electrical fire , near wiring or circuit breakers ... Something like that . Was that the case in the samuel 's house ? No . My first impression was that the ignition point of the fire was a small bathroom on the ground floor . Is that unusual ? It 's not unheard of but , yes , it is unusual . Unless there 's indication of flammable materials or electrical problems . Given what you saw , did you form an opinion ? My first reaction was that , like the others ... This was an arson fire of unknown origin . Was there anything else of note about this downstairs bathroom ? Yes . And what was that ? We found charred , human remains . Were these " remains " those that were later identified as lucy samuel 's , one of the occupants of the house ? Yes , sir . Thank you . That 's all . Would defense counsel care to present any witnesses at this time ? No , your honor . We would , however , appreciate an expeditious ruling on our request for bail . Given the severity of the charges , serial arson and second degree murder , i 'm going to rule that the defendant will be bound over for trial and held at the county jail . Bail is denied . It 's just the preliminary , not the trial . So where do we go from here ? To work . Connor King . Ex-cop . Ex-con . Kinda cute in a borderline sociopath kind of way . God , i can 't believe i just thought that . Here 's the deal : i 'm able to heal , and connor isn 't , but he keeps taking one for the team . Either he 's mental or there 's more to the man than he wants people to see . Check that , he 's definitely mental , but he 's also a good act . He works hard to keep people at arm 's length , but then so do I. Maybe we 're more alike than i 'd like to admit . Except he loves to be hated and maybe would hate to know every once in a while he 's loved . Here 's what we 're up against . Public opinion 's running pretty high . People want someone to blame . There is someone to blame . A pyromaniac neuro . I work for the government just like you do . We know the truth here . The public doesn 't know anything of neuros . So the truth isn 't always the best defense . That 's reassuring . We 're not here to reassure you , we 're here to acquit connor . What 're we looking at ? Facts that don 't look good for connor . First , he 's been identified at three of the six fires . Because we 've been on the trail of the neuro who 's been starting those fires . Go on . Connor , against your orders , broke position and entered that house . Yeah , to try and apprehend the damn fire starter . Look , i understand your thinking . But i want you to consider for a moment how the jury would react if i put any one of you on the stand and asked you testify to the existence of people who possess the ability to start fires with their mind . The truth isn 't always the best defense . Witnesses have placed connor at the scene of multiple arsons . He was apprehended exiting the samuel 's house ... And then there 's his criminal record . Is that admissible ? Evidence only requires exclusion when probative value is substantially outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice , confusion of the issues , or misleading the jury . The present rule recognizes the practice of admitting evidence for a limited purpose and instructing the jury accordingly . How the hell did you know that ? I read up on it last night . So the judge can admit connor 's criminal record . Given miss vasco 's very accurate recital of the law ... Yes . Hell , why even bother having the trial ! It sounds as if he 's already been tried and convicted . I 'm not going to lie to you . We 're facing an uphill battle here . But the war 's not over until we 've taken our best shots at all the evidence . Given everything you told us , it sounds like truth may be our best shot . Why don 't we tell the jury what we 're really dealing with . It 's not as if we can 't prove it . Even if you 're right ... You 're sworn to silence and secrecy . Our hands are tied . Maybe it 's time to cut the knot . What you should have done is made this all go away before it even started . You 'll have to explain that to me , agent mcbride . As your superior , i do have connections in high places . As high as they go . However , they don 't extend into the heavens . Heavens ? What is that supposed to mean ? Only god can save connor ? Don 't give me that crap ! Disagreement , i encourage , sir . I will not tolerate insubordination . Hell , we 've covered up the assassinations of foreign leaders . Our own leaders ! But when it comes to connor king ... The man was shot at the scene ... By the police . The case of the decade , solved . It was on the front pages before they 'd read him his miranda . How , exactly , did you expect us to make that " go away ? " then let us present the truth . Admit to the existence of neuros . Only as much as we have to . Need to know . And when the prosecution demands proof ... What then ? We give it to them ! We 've got years of caseloads . That would not only bring something to the surface that we 've worked very hard to keep secret ... But would compromise your team as well . " Need to know " rapidly becomes full exposure . It might be connor 's only chance . And it might not . Are you willing to see your unit de-commissioned to risk a defense that , chances are , no one would ever believe ... Despite your proof ? And if they did believe it and connor was acquitted ... The result would be a population in panic and our ability to keep our operations a secret and fight these " things " compromised . Is one man really worth that much ? That one man happens to be innocent . Soldiers do die in battle . A soldier dying on the field , in combat , is something that can 't be undone . Connor isn 't dead . You know as well as i do ... He was always a liability . Liability ? What is that supposed to mean ? Feed him to the wolves because you don 't like his attitude ? Consider this , agent mcbride ... With all you do know ... If i were to permit this ... Put you on the stand ... Armed with all your evidence ... Simply because the fires are of unknown origin , you can 't prove that a neuro is behind them . Great . The first time i get you alone and we 've got see-thru doors . My luck 's turned to crap . You know what they say ... It ain 't over 'til it 's over . What the hell do " they " know ? They 're out there . If andre sent you to cheer me up , you should know ... You really suck at it . Maybe . But andre doesn 't have my legs . What aren 't you telling me ? It 's the truth . He 's got lousy legs . Andre just got word ... No mention of the team , what we do ... or neuros . Great . So i end up looking like a guy who likes to hang around fires . Who happens to have a criminal record . We 're trying to keep that out . We 'll come up with something . My neck in a noose . Connor , listen it ... Save it , bowers . We all know the risks . I 'd rather gone down taking ' out one of those mental defects but ... We don 't always get to make that choice , i guess . Andre 's still trying to get the truth out . No , bad idea . He 'd only compromise the team . If i have go down for this , i go down . Fall on your sword , man of honor kind of thing . The hell with that . Figure at least maybe i 'd get a going away present from you and supergirl . What ? Just nice to know that , even in a moment of strength and character , you 're still a pig . Hang in there . Guard ! Twenty-three years old . Married just under two years . Killed in an arson fire . Those faces are what 's going to hang connor . No ... Regulations and his past are what 's going to hang connor . If they admit his criminal history . That 's no longer an " if . " the judge is admitting it . Look , nobody ... Not even the top arson investigators could figure out how these fires were started . Hell , even with my brain , if i didn 't know about neuros , i wouldn 't be able to figure it out . Your point ? What kind of background does connor have that could make him that much of a specialist ? Someone who can outsmart even the best ? That 's pretty slim , riley ? They don 't care how they started just that they were . You have something better ? I could lie . I was there with him . Since i can 't testify as to why i was there ... Why do i have to admit that i was . About a half a dozen cops as witnesses ? My word against theirs ? Enough of this . I don 't need two of my people in prison . Just get up there and answer the questions . And put another nail into connor 's coffin . Admitting who we are and what we do is not the only truth here , people . The truth is that there is a neuro out there who did set those fires . And who stopped setting them the moment connor was arrested . Doesn 't matter . We find the person that did this ... And connor walks . Let 's get to work ! Look , if you guys would only stick to my pattern , we might find this guy . Connor already put a dent in your pattern the day he and vasco staked out the samuel 's house . We all agree on this : every target house was two-stories , painted blue , all within a mile of an interstate on ramp . And all ... Except one ... Have garages facing back alleys . If you say " Except for one " there is no pattern . Connor played a hunch and he was right . Sorry , riley . If we go strictly by your criteria we could miss the next opportunity . If there is one . Well i 'm sorry , my database isn 't set up to predict hunches . Well maybe it should . You 're fighting the clock on this He goes on trial tomorrow . They 're calling bill cole , connor 's former cell mate to testify . With bail denied , former police officer and convict , connor king faces arson and murder charges today in day 1 of this gripping trial . A profile of mr . King , the man behind the match tonight . Everyone knows connor is crazy , that 's why we love him . But an arsonist , i couldn 't believe it . And yet ... He 's down ! Let 's get him ! Take care of this ! Thanks ! So much for falling on your sword . What the hell did you think you were doing ? Trying to save my ass . Which i might 've if vasco didn 't pull her hero act . She took two shots to her shoulder ... To act like a hero . She 'll get over it . She was trying to protect you , connor from more than just bullets . How far do you think you 'd get if you got away . You gonna keep me after school , boss ? I 'm trying to help , what do you want me to do , just throw you to the lions . I thought you already did that . Every man has his breaking point . I know you . This isn 't yours . Why 'd you run ? Listen to me you stubborn son of a bitch , we 're trying to help you . We can 't do that if you 're hiding something from us . Why 'd you run ? ! Bill cole 's gonna testify . I know . We tried to keep your past record out of this ... But you don 't know what he knows . I read your sheet before i took you on the team . Tip of the iceberg , pal . Okay ... Tell me what i don 't know . Sorry , no can do . The more i know , the more i might be able to help . Ain 't gonna happen . You 're willing to face a murder two rap . But you won 't tell me about this ! Unless you 're trying protecting someone . Hunting down " chip monkeys " isn 't the only thing worth dying for . But not facing the consequences of bill cole 's testimony is ? Come on ! I told you when you brought me on board this team , you knew everything about me you needed to know . You had my word that i would not jeopardize this team or , intentionally , put anyone at risk . I think i made good on that . Anything beyond that promise is personal . Bill cole 's scheduled to testify tomorrow . Nice to know the date and time of your own execution . So where are we ? Pretty much at square one . Maureen and i came up dry with everyone left on our list . Route truck drivers , delivery personnel . Basically every theory we 've been working on . Nothing . No one had a hunch ? Shut up , riley . No . No ! I know you 're the big boss and you guys go out into the field and grab all the glory but you get to do what you do because i 'm in here , doing what i do . And you know what ? I 'm damn good at what i do ! But you 're all willing to risk connor 's ass because you trust your instincts , your hunches , more than you do what i 'm telling you . I 'm right about the pattern , despite connor 's lucky guess . Have you stopped to think that maybe the reason the samuel 's house didn 't fit the pattern is because connor did start that fire ? You don 't believe that . No , but i do believe that if we worked my theory , we might find out who did . Alright , run it again . Alright . Why the guy targets two-story blue houses is anyone 's guess . He 's a psycho . Maybe he grew up in a house like that . Hated his mother . His father . The color blue . I don 't know . But why the garages facing alleys ? Because it gives him access . There 've been six fires . And no one 's spotted the fire starter . Why ? Every house has been within a mile of an interstate . What does this mean ? The guy 's on wheels . What does he do when he finds his target ? Park and walk ? Or stash his car somewhere in the alleys . Maybe even a neighboring garage . It 's a long shot . Do you have anything better ? We 'll have to interface with the locals , get out in the field . Interview some neighbors . Let 's roll . You 're going to do it ? Like you said , i don 't have any better ideas . Jane , can i have a word . Yeah . I told you yesterday i didn 't want you committing perjury . Change your mind ? No . Then what ? What i have in mind is a whole lot worse . today , the judge in the invisible man arsonist case is going to allow testimony of the criminal background of connor king . Bill cole , a former police officer and partner of the defendant , is scheduled to take the stand this afternoon . Stay tuned . Excuse me ? Are you bill cole ? Yeah . Got a message for you . Someone wants to talk to you . Just head back out . Down the hall , through the door on the left . How are you doing ? Against the fence with her . You 'd be dead before your hand hit the knob . What do you want from us ? You going to tell me what this is about ? It 's about two people who are going to testify against a friend of mine . You still haven 't told us who you are . The man who will kill you if you do . Right here ? With all these cops around ? That would be my problem . Yes , it would be . And i don 't think you 'd take that chance . Try me . I 'm a federal officer ... Oh , my god . So this is how it is . The " big man , " connor king doesn 't take any chances . Can 't risk anyone finding out that he and i did time together arson charges . Alright pal , let 's see how much of a risk you 're willing to take . What are these photographs ? They 're our wedding pictures . The woman in the photograph is ... Lucy . She 's ... She was my wife . I understand the morning of the fire you left for work at around 8 : 00 am . Yes , sir . And lucy , was it typical for her to be home at that hour ? Yes . Lucy worked part time . She didn 't usually leave the house until around noon . You were at work when the police arrived . Yes . Tell us about that . Two detectives showed up at my office . They told me there 'd been a fire ... They said that someone ... That someone had been killed They asked me to come down to the medical examiner 's office to make an identification . And did you do that ? Yes . It was lucy . The prosecution calls bill cole to the stand . Mr. Cole , would you tell the court how you know the defendant , connor king . I refuse to answer . Excuse me ? I refuse to answer on the grounds that it could incriminate me . You and mr . King served time in prison for crimes committed while you were employed by the metropolitan police . Isn 't that so ? Objection , leading the witness . Your honor . This witness has been granted immunity . The fifth amendment doesn 't apply . Mr. Cole . The court directs you to answer the questions put to you by the district attorney . Mr. Cole . Have you ever been arrested or served time in prison ? Mr. Cole ... I refuse to answer on the grounds that it might incriminate me . Your honor . Mr. Cole , the court will not be lenient if you continue to refuse to answer . Answer the question . I refuse to answer on the grounds that it might incriminate me . Alright , court finds bill cole in contempt . Bailiff ! How 'd it go ? We bought some time . I don 't know how much . Well , we 've got something . Genius boy strikes again . At least two neighbors to the previous arsons reported that their garage locks had been broken . The cops said they found oil stains on the cement in both garages . Not so unusual for a garage . Except one of the residents doesn 't own a car . And in the other garage , a one-car garage with the car in it ... The oil stain was off to the side . And this tells us ... ? I 'm having samples run on the oil stains to confirm ... But from everything we can tell , the quantity of oil and the location is that our boy shows up to do his dirty work on a motorcycle . It does fit . Doesn 't give us a name but it gets us a step closer . Even if you 're right ... I 'm not sure this actually helps . Hell , it 's more than we had 24 hours ago . We 're forgetting something ... Connor rides a motorcycle . the quality of the material is quite good as are the magnification properties . Your honor , the defense has stipulated that these towels are the same brand and fiber content as those found in the samuel 's home . Noted . You may proceed . Doctor . Turn on that light , please . I 'm sure many of us rember playing with sunlight and magnification as children . We 'll have to imagine that this is sunlight , coming into the courtroom from the outside . The degree of magnification would affect the amount of time this would take . As i said , this sample is quite good . Doctor , is it possible that a magnifying device that you 're holding , could that have started the fire in the samuel 's house or any of the other fires ? Objection . Speculative . Whether the device started the fire or not is not an issue . To date , there 's been no evidence entered to indicate that anyone knows how these fires started . Sustained . No further questions . Doctor , in a typical house fire , would solid glass be completely consumed by heat or flame ? Damaged , perhaps . Completely consumed , unlikely . So if a device had been used in the fire . Subsequent investigation would have turned up all or part of those magnifying glasses . That would be true . If they were made of glass . It wouldn 't take much more than a match flame to turn these into useless ash . These are made of spun sugar , highly refined . No further questions , your honor . Mr. Beetle , would you tell the court where you 're employed ? I own and manage a storage facility just outside of cranston . This is a facility where anyone can rent space to store their belongings . Precisely . Do you recall accompanying my investigators to storage unit 14d , two weeks ago friday ? Yes , i do . Were you with them when they entered the unit ? They needed my permission and my master key to gain entry . Among the contents in the unit , did you come across this box of magnifying devices . In fact , we found about a dozen boxes . That is one of them . Do you recognize this form ? This is one of our standard , long-term contracts . And that particular contract ... How long has the signatory leased space in storage unit 14d ? Two years , three months and fourteen days . Would you read the name of the person to whom the unit was rented ? Connor king . This is a load of crap ! Order ! This court will take a half hour recess . You know about this ? Of course not . Do something ! I 'm doing the best i can ! Is this your best ? Remember this face , beetle , rember it ! I don 't believe it , connor entered the samuel 's house against orders . So when has connor done anything by the books . Thought he saw something going on , thought he had a window of opportunity to get the neuro and to get out . But , from inside the suv , you couldn 't see what he was doing in the house . All you can say is that you saw connor enter the house , saw the fire begin and saw him running out . What the hell is this ? It sounds like you guys really think he 's guilty ! Nice to know where your friends stand when things get tough . It 's not about what we think . You just answered the questions the d.A. Will put to you . And by the way , bill cole may not be the only one who could testify against connor . Why don 't you tell them what you were telling me . What ? What we were talking about ... Connor 's hunch . I was thinking about what riley said the other day about things being simple and logical . We assume that either connor had to be right or riley had to be right . But given what we learned about the oil stains in the garages ... I started thinking ... What if they were both right ? If ? Let 's assume riley is right about the pattern ... About the importance of the garages . The samuel 's house didn 't have an alley-facing garage and didn 't fit the pattern . Maybe we 're not dealing with a pyromaniac at all . Maybe we 're dealing with someone who has a motive . Think about it , lucy lived in a two-storey blue house . So ... The neuro wants lucy dead , or maybe scott ... To cover his tracks , he torches five other blue , two-story houses . To avoid the risk of being seen , he looks for houses with alley facing garages . He doesn 't realize there 's a crazy genius named riley who sees that as part of the pattern . By the time he gets to the samuel 's place , he thinks it 's going to look like just another whack job , blue house arson . You got that background on the samuel house yet ? I 'll find something , i just need a little bit more time . Something connor doesn 't have a lot of . If i was you , i could break every bone in my body , slip through these air holes and walk out of here good as new . If you were me , you 'd look a whole lot better in that orange jumpsuit . Looks pretty grim , huh ? We 're working on something . Don 't know yet if it 'll pay off . It might help if you told me what happened . You starting to think i 'm guilty ? That 's not what i said . It 's just that the more we know ... You know what i want you to know , darlin ' . That 's it . Yeah , it 's going to have to be . Yeah . I 'm on my way . I gotta go . Vasco . Thanks . See you in court . What 've you got ? I found the original computer file of connor 's storage locker rental . So it 's legitimate . No . What ? According to the receipt , connor 's rented this unit for a little over two years . But that 's the date on the contract . Not the date on the file . The date on the file is only three weeks old . Maybe it 's not the original version . If someone saved a duplicate copy wouldn 't it have a more recent date ? It would . But every file 's embedded with a creation date . Doesn 't matter how often it 's modified . This file didn 't exist last month . Then someone is setting him up . Here 's the kicker . I traced the computer that created it . The d.A. ' S office . Richard stanley . Connor 's attorney . What ? ! Why ? That doesn 't make any sense . Yes , it does . Don 't give me that ! Who do you think you 're talking to ? ! This has got your paw prints all over it . Richard stanley works for you and like most of the people who work for you ... He follows orders . Setting connor up for that storage locker rental was your idea . You 're a team leader , mcbride . You 're not the commander-in-chief . I protect my people . Even if it 's from the commander-in-chief . You don 't have the big picture . I 've heard that story before . Sometimes the " little people " have to be sacrificed for the greater cause , is that it ? I don 't see the greater cause here , sir ? Unless it 's protecting your ass . I don 't like your tone . You 're not supposed to . King 's a liability to the team . And to the work we do . I made a decision . It was too late to make things " go away " as you 'd hoped we could . If king goes away for this now , the rest of our problems will go away with him . Sir ... I 'm not prepared to let that happen . You 're the field op , mcbride . In battle , it 's your call . Policy is mine . And policy extends beyond personal feelings and loyalty . You know that as well as i do . And you might need to give it some serious thought before you do anything you 'll regret . Richard , here 's the new deal . If i find that you do anything to sabbotage connor 's chances to get out of this . If i don 't see that you 're doing everything in your power to provide the best defense , i want you to remember this : the government spent a lot of money traing me I 'm very good at what i do . I can approach a man from 100 metres and he 'll never hear me coming . I 'll let you decide . Do you want to spend every day for the rest of your life looking over your shoulder , waiting ... Let 's go . Well , if that 's not a motive for murder , i don 't know what is . Everything 's in place . Stanley has his marching orders . We 've got the new witness . Crowd control ? The judge has agreed to clear the courtroom and hear this outside the jury . So she finds if it admissible ... Let 's hope it doesn 't get that far . Let 's hope it doesn 't get too hot to handle . This court is now in session . Would you state your name for the court ? Ellen drake . Miss drake ... It is " miss " , isn 't it ? Yes . Are you familiar with the blue ridge motel ? I know the name , i think ... Have you ever been to the blue ridge motel ? I 've driven past it . But you 've never actually been on the premises ? No . Your honor , may i approach ? Would you look at these photographs . Would you agree that those are photographs of you ? Yes . What would you say if i told you that those photos were taken from a surveillance camera located in the lobby of the blue ridge motel ? And do you see the time stamps on those photographs ? Yes . They date back at least a year , don 't they ? Yes . I expect that the reason you perjured yourself in this courtroom is because you were trying to protect someone . Is it possible that you lied because on the dates in question at the blue ridge motel , you were there with a married man ? Yes . Mr. Samuel 's ... On the dates those photographs were taken , were you at the blue ridge motel with miss drake ? I should inform you , those photographs are enlargements . The originals show the entire office area . Let me ask you again ... On the date in question , were you at the blue ridge motel with miss drake ? Yes . Would it be reasonable to say for the better part of a year , you had been conducting an affair with miss drake . Your honor ... Answer the question . We 're in love . How very nice for you . Do you own a motorcycle ? Yes . It 's a late model torque speedster ? Yes . You should have it checked for oil leaks . Riding a motorcycle can be potentially dangerous ? I suppose . I 'm curious ... Your wife , lucy , did she ride ? No . But you had some reason to be concerned for her health or welfare . No . Why then did you take out a half a million dollar life insurance policy in her name two weeks before she died . If anyone in the family was high risk , it would be you , mr . Samuel 's . I thought that ... If you notice the time stamp on one of the photographs , november 18th , the night before the fire . Let me ask you something , mr . Samuel 's . You claim to be in love with miss drake . Objection . Overruled . You meet for an amorous evening the night before your wife dies in the fire . Two weeks earlier , you take out an insurance policy for half million dollars in her name . Objection . Overruled . Are you psychic mr . Samuel 's ... Or do things just have a way of working out for you ? Your honor ! You set the fire that killed your wife , didn 't you ? No ! In fact , you set all the fires hoping to cover up what you did , isn 't that true , mr . Samuel 's ? Richard , don 't ! The hell with you ! Case closed you son of a bitch . Sometimes you have to lose something to gain something . This time , we almost lost connor . I suppose what i 've gained is the realization that , as much as i try to avoid it , we are a team . And when push comes to shove we stand beside each other . Some of us might even like each other . What 's this ? No champagne ? He is cute , isn 't he ? Warm bottled water and a briefing in 10 minutes . Welcome back ! Thanks . Hell , this was easy time . Maybe for you . I had to teach these guys logic . Welcome back . How 's stanley ? Nothing major . Vasco did a pretty good job of saving his hide . You ask me , he 'd do a damn good impersonation of a crispy critter . Glad to have you back . Well , that 's so easy to say , darlin ' . - Actions speak a whole lot louder than words , - Oh yeah , he 's back . One , big happy family . You got ten minutes learn it well .
