 Dispatch This is Rescue 3 I have a 55 years old white male Named Vieillard , Jean Obvious massive blunt trauma to the skull ... Alert trauma and transplanting . Copy that . I can 't hear you say that milk helps your bones And carrots help your eyes You know that No Really ? Did we not talk about it once ? That was when I was six Okay , old lady Look . What is it ? A four-leaf clover . You know what this mean ? Good luck Any boys ? No . Promise ? Yes . Is that OK ? Nor funny or tingly or anything like that ? How we do ? Good Really good I have seen no further loss of movement Anywhere We are making slow progress from the blood samples ... Also ... I got her approval For the new treatment program I was telling about You are incredible . How did you get that happen ? State secret If I told you than I have to kill you Would you ? Definitely I would do anything for her Thank you You 're welcome How is the other patient in the family ? Well , still ticking Looks like it 's going to be a happy birthday She told you it was my birthday Of course , any big plans ? No , but I was wondering if you would like ... I would You finally asked her out I have not asked her out , she wanted to come and celebrate with us And what do you mean ' finally ' ? You liked her ever Before getting sickly , I think This is your doctor , button You are blushing , Daddy Come on , get in the car you punk We have become friends , that it , that 's all we are Right Daddy , friends Help . Somebody help me . They shot my husband . Somebody help me . Help . I am a paramedic What happened ? He 's been shot How long ago ? I could hear it Like it was in my head , like I had headphones in , just ... playing my heartbeat , like a stethoscope . Can you hear it now ? No Have you been taking all the ant rejection medications ? Yes , of course Any drugs use ? No Any caffeine or decongestionant ? Have you been drinking ? No Terry , you had a heart transplant Post-operative stress is very common Well , that 's what you keep telling me But this is the third time it happened And it 's been five months since my operation Doctor , Chelsea 's is here Thank you We will do more tests We 'll dig deeper It 's going to be fine Are you mad ? Why would I be mad ? ... I 've stolen the picture from your desk No , I 'm not mad I love it , I so love it That 's because you call me ' button I can 't remember the last time I went to a patient 's dad birthday I forgot You did not have to I know what happen to people who turn up to birthdays without a gift Decapitation , evisceration , pox in your family It 's in the Bible Really ? What part ? The gospel according to Marion - my mother There is something else to I got the association to rise your monthly subsidy We both know is not getting any cheaper That is why I have the job But you 're never going to make enough like an IT guy You 're doing a great job I just wanted to help You look flushed I 'll see the surgeon tomorrow And I 'll have to tell him that my first kiss in years Made my blood boil a little Can I have another piece of cake ? Kevin , Kevin Stanovic Yes Was it you who attended this kid in the parking lot the other day ? Yes Who are you , a reporter or something ? Me ? All right ... Well ... Good talk Wait , I saw your name on my donor form Hey , I 'm talking to you . What did you said ? I want to ask about Jean Vieillard Who are you ? I 'm nobody , I just ... You were listed in my donor information sheet You better tell me right now who the fuck are you I 'm nobody , man Who are you , what you know about Vieillard ? I 'm nobody , man Put it down ... Who talked to you ? Acherton ? Nobody talked to me Who is Acherton ? I 'm not a monster I did not know they were going to do what they did Okay , okay , I believe you You fuckin ... You fucking stabbed me , man No , I didn 't You motherfucker . Dad Why don 't you dress and escort me to the school bus ? Are you thinking about Mommy ? What ? No , no Don 't lie , I know you are But I think it is OK for you to like Liz Mom left us Hey , are you all right ? Hello ? Hey , it 's me Liz ? I lost a patient today A young guy It shouldn 't have happened I did not try hard enough to save him Ehm ... I 'm sorry It 's because of this fucking burocrats up here I did not try hard enough Terry I could have pushed , you know , keep going Shit , sorry A paramedic was stabbed outside the building last night Oh God ... They fund out who did it ? They think is a homeless guy or something Really ? So they say Are you all right ? You sound strange Can I see you tonight ? Of course , yeah , I 'll come by when I 'm done here Okay , good See you then I don 't know how you do it ... What ? It isn 't properly fantasy , that is British , I 'm an abysmal cook No , is that ... you are very beautiful And super smart Willy Coyote , that 's me , super genius You got a great job An important work . I do ... I blush now Why are you interested in an IT guy like me ? Don 't ... The world needs more people like you , Terry I see you and Angie And all the troubles you have been through And all you think about is her ... And you know I say I say : Wow . That looser IT guy with a heart transplant And a daughter with a crap genetic hand Wow , that guy is a motherfucking catch . Did I eat too much garlic ? No , it 's just ... I do not feel like hundred per cent right now I 'm seeing again Dr. Averme tomorrow Yeah that scan ... If you feeling up to why you don 't come and see me after ? You don 't have to leave I had a killer day and you need rest Maybe I 'll see you tomorrow I 'm not a monster I did not know they were going to do what they did Hi , I 'm looking for Detective Van Doran Van Doran Hi Detective My name is Terry , I was hoping to ... I want to ask about a case you were involved to Of a man named Vieillard He was murdered His wife was murdered too Do you know about it something ? We were close , yes I eat lunch in a restaurant by the police station You should meet me there Detective Van Doran ? Have a seat You visited the Jean Vieillard crime scene ? Who the fuck are you and how do you know Vieillard ? I 'm Terry Bernard , I 'm an old friend of Vieillard An old friend ... It says here that there were no suspects But ... Did you ever catch anyone ? No Acherton , do you know Acherton , do you know who he is ? It says here that he was beaten with a blunt instrument What does it say about his wife ? It didn 't mention her. why ? We didn 't catch anyone And I do not know who Acherton is And I won 't help you because obviously never met Jean Vieillard or his wife And even if you know what the fuck you 're talking about You don 't know how to make it right , do you ? Hello You better turn on your TV Yes , I 'm watching right now You think we should be worried ? Hello Yes Are you okay ? Jesus Christ , you 've scared the shit out of me man I 've got a 10-45 D in the medical center subway station Possible homicide . Anyone who as seen the victim says his name is Acherton . We will need a clean up for this one Jesus Christ ... . You showed up . Did he jump ? No , the doctor says he was pushed Do you got anything ? Just some hair But it will not ever hold up in Court Beside , we need a suspect first Hi , sweet heart Where is he ? He locked himself in the bathroom Terry , if you 're there and you hear me let me know if you need help , all right Because I can call an ambulance No , don 't call an ambulance Oh God , What ... ? Oh no , nothing. it 's just a little irritated What did Dr Averme say ? He 's not concerned , it 's all fine Clearly it 's not so fine ... Did you take your meds this morning ? I 'm not your patient If this is about us ... If you think we have taken a wrong turn somewhere , then just tell me Last night I ... It 's OK Are you all right ? I 'm fine I 'll take Angie to school Thanks You take care of your self , all right , promise me that . What 's wrong with him ? He 's just feeling a little bit sick He 's gonna be OK ? Yes , by the time you get back from school he 'll be fine But you know boys , they all get bit sick when you try to nail them , right ? He also gets embarrassed when he sees a girl in underwear I think you wanna come with me Something of yours was fund a the train station Let 's try to make this courteous , shall we ? That 's not very courteous I don 't drink Are you sure ? Because you 're looking at that drink the way I look at that drink I don 't drink Okay cowboy , let 's cut with it Paul Acherton DNA is going to link him to the Vieillard crime scene ? Isn 't ? I don 't know I think you do This murder case has been opened for months And we didn 't finger a single suspect yet And then you come along Now I don 't think Acherton slipped on his own banana peel I don 't know you Terry Bernard But you seem like a nice guy And as far as I know , nice guys don 't growl around tossing healthcare professionals in front of moving locomotives and gutting 25 year old paramedics in alleyways Yes I did a little digging It turns out this kid , Stanovic , was the responding paramedic at the Vieillard crime scene Did you know that ? I think you did My heart , every time one of them comes close I can hear my heart beating loud in my head Yes ? Okay , cute Let 's back a second , how do you find them ? Your magic heart didn 't give you the names ... I have his heart Jean Vieillard is my donor I have his heart I 'll tell you what I think , Terry Bernard I think you 'll have that drink Look , we can help each other you and me I have a murder case that was never closed And you know who the perpetuators are I do not care how And I don 't need to know It 's going too far It sounds to me that it has just begun It 's going too far I 've gone too far Hey , hey , hang on friend , hang on Keep in mind What you 're going to do , you 're going to turn me in ? You know , I 'll turn myself in Wait a minute Hey Hey What happened ? You had a heart attack while driving yesterday Did I hurt anyone ? Just an old station sign I want to apologize for my behavior Hey , we all have our moments , right ? But you didn 't deserve that I spoke with Dr. Averme this morning He said your cardiac enzymes are to the roof You show tissue damage in every major artery I know you know , but that is some serious stuff They think you 're drinking No I know , I told them you don 't And you wouldn 't But the levels on your test results ... I don 't know And the point is , and that 's were I agree with him sometime before your accident you did something that made your heart very very angry I do not ... I You nearly died yesterday , Terry You understand what I 'm saying ? Dad Hi , button Do you remember how lucky we are to have at each other ? It 's beautiful I don 't want you to go away I 'm not going to go anywhere That really is one hell of a ticker , the heart they gave you , isn 't ? No ? First you come and I told you about Stanovic and Acherton Then when you decide to turn yourself in , and pull the plug on your vigilante role play Your heart stops itself Stops you It 's hell of a thing , really What do you want ? There were four of them They entered from the back Standard burglary set up They didn 't know that Vieillard and Francis were at home So everything went to shit pretty quick They hit Vieillard on the head But only after they killed Francis killed in front of him He watched them Watched them as they tried to slit her throat Watched her scream They went to shadow , twice And slowly , slowly , he watched her fade away And then , woom ... He died . Yes That 's one hell of a thicker She was very beautiful Yes , she was Sir , what happened ? ... I can 't even believe I 'm saying this Considering you just survive a heart attack But every test we run indicates that apparently ... You are the second documented case of spontaneous of blood type switch Ever ... 'Spontaneous ? You 've adopted your donor 's blood type , his whole immune system Actually the steam cells from your donor heart Have migrated to your bone marrow and took over the factory Which is a good thing ? Well , yes , since you 're previously immune system was essentially a time bomb You know what that means ? This is good news I 'm serious Terry Are you okay ? Let 's take you home Sit Doctor 's orders I wish I wasn 't on call tonight But you know hoe to reach me I 'm going to turn up to your bed before I go You can figure out the TV , right ? Are you there ? Nice guy with an unusual heart problem Come on , I can hear you breathe Hey , Cochius Who are you ? I know you were there What the hell are you talking about ? I know you are involved in the murder of Jean Vieillard and his wife You better get the fuck out of here before I hurt you Stop You were there , you were with them What the fuck do you want , man ? Just tell me who else is involved Tell me I didn 't know they would do those things I told them : don 't do it I said : please don 't do it Terry , is that you ? The babysitter had to leave , but said that You can pay her next time Terry , you have to be kidding I don 't want to be charged with murder Bullshit Terry we really can 't ... Hey Thanks for everything you 've done for us I would do anything for you Anything What are you thinking ? You know sometimes you have to do things you don 't want to do But you have to do them Because , in the end , is better for the people that you know Stanovic , Acherton and now Cochius I do not want to be the next There are cops all over the fucking place , will you shut the fuck up I 'm just saying it 's retribution , it 's retribution Will find out who did this How , do you see that ? Will you calm down ? What ? Why I should , I mean Somebody knows . Somebody knows What ? I just tough you shouldn 't be drinking Come on , just one . I 'm the fucking holy grail of transplant recipient Holy shit , there is a special exhibit from the Körper Museum Did you know about this ? They have Harry 's skeleton Yes , but I didn 't think it ... ehm ... Hey , tomorrow is the last day and you were not going to mention it to me ? Terry Hey button , button The Natural History Museum has a special exhibition They have Harry there Really ? , Can we go ? We 'll go tomorrow I do not think that 's a good idea No , it 's fine , it 's good , it 's a great idea Terry , will you listen to me You heard her , we 're going Do not tell me what she can and she can 't do Hey , you really have to keep that door locked What are you doing here ? Oh , I do apologize ... Don 't worry about it , I was just leaving Liz , Liz I did not mean to cast you out But Angie has been talking about Harry for years I think it will be good for her , I do You should come with us Fine , you 're her father My room is pink , I like pink I like pink too I like red I love red Button , would you go to put a movie on while Dad talks with his friend for a minute ? Ok What 's wrong with her , she can 't move her arms ? She has a genetic disorder What do you want ? Sorry for the intrusion But if you had called me back ... I brought you this What is it ? Open it You know ... You go on the way you 're going on you can fully avenge this crime by late supper And you really shouldn 't leave things lying around I saw you last night You wearing the same boots I think you should leave I was in that house I saw what those monsters did I want this as much as you do Dad , the movie is not working Okay baby , I 'll be right there You 're a good father , Terry Please , just go But if you 're going to do what you 're going to do You gotta find a cleaner way of doing it The instructions are in the case That 's him , Daddy Come on kids , this way Come on kids , this way please All right , this is the skeleton of Harry Erlich Harry had a rare disease called Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva Which turned a lot of his connective tissue like tendons and muscles , into bone As you can see the disease affected most of his body , so by the time he died Right before his turned forty , he was almost entirely immobile And an interesting bit of trivia There is not a single wire Or a drop of glue holding the skeleton together It 's fused entirely like that fully by the disease Any questions ? Yes ? How rare is this disease ? Very , very rare . It is believed to occur approximately one every two million people So you 'd have to be incredibly unlucky Because I think Perry has it No , Perry doesn 't have it Come on , let 's move on Help me , I 'm a stupid monster Help me , I 'm a monster Shut up , little punk Terry , What are you doing ? That was a stupid fucking idea taking her there It was like asking to accept she 's gonna die It 's inevitable but I refuse to accept it What you 're gonna when she gets older , when she gets worse ? What if I die and she ' left with you ? Then what you 're going to do ? So this was all about , going to the museum I 'm not your ex-wife , okay ? Some 22 years old And I 'm never been scared to spend my life to be part of this family You 're keeping something from me What 's haunts you ? Can 't tell you Why ? I have to go back Three days ago my brother life was brutally cut short Today , we have all lost a part of us My brother meant something different to each one of you But to me ... He was my guardian angel ... Dammit Hello The service went late and my car won 't start I think someone has done something to it I parked just few blocks away ... I think he 's here I 'll be right there Listen , I don 't know me I didn 't do those things I 'm just an office worker Hello We got him , the bait worked Please stop it , listen to me I 'm not like the others , I 'm not They find the donors They hurry things along They harvest Not me I don 't do any of that I just do paperwork I make sure the right person gets what they take You traffic organs ? Have you ever known anybody who was on a transplant list ? Anybody you care about ? Yes Then you should understand We saved people . By killing people ? People who were going to die anyway Terminal patients Please , don 't you have mouths to feed , man ? She called me crying Wondering where you were I only got her to sleep half an hour ago I said I would be here for here I promise her that The man with a vengeful heart There 's your case Terry , I can 't take that back If you 're telling me that that gun is a murder weapon I can 't take it back I don 't want it anymore You can 't walk away now You have to finish this For Vieillard I don 't have to do anything for Vieillard Your daughter She shall be in better hands She 'll have no daddy Please You can 't walk away now You don 't understand This has to be finished You weren 't there It took five minutes Five minutes until she died You didn 't know her You and her ? You were sleeping with Vieillard 's wife ? Jesus That 's the spirit . See ? He won 't let you go He got you for good I 'm through with this , I 'm through with this Hey button I want you to think real hard , think of something you always wanted to do with me Really ? Anything at all Except a trip to the moon , my rocket is in the shop Go to the ballet Is this your first choice ? Then we 're going to go the ballet , tonight Really ? Is Liz coming ? I don 't know She left didn 't she ? Like mommy No , not like mommy Your mom left us both Liz will always be there for you Maybe I 'll wore my red dress Or how about the blue Do you like my blue dress ? I love them both See you later Daddy Bye bye , button Is Angie all right ? Has something happened ? She 's fine , she 's good The message you left me it sounded like if something horrible had happened She 's at school , she 's perfect Then what 's going on ? Liz , I 'm dying , I want you to watch out for Angela when I am gone Don 't talk like that No , Liz , Liz , know that I love you Take care of my little girl Give the things that I can 't This is not fair My heart , my heart is making me kill people It ' making me kill the people who murdered my donor That 's crazy Terry , stay with me Terry Terry Is Terry , right ? ... Please ... Your boyfriend is completely insensitive This means you will not feel any of the things I will do Not feel any pain All right , Terry Just so we 're clear I want you to know that I 'm going to be keeping you balanced in the delicate line between numb and hypothermic So you 'll lose feeling , metabolism will slow - it probably has And you will have trouble speaking You killed those men because you believe Vieillard was our victim But I can assure you were mistaken in that belief And you seemed to knew Jean Vieillard You were is friend , stepbrother or secret lover I didn 't worked out this particular detail of your relationship Regardless , you must have known what they told him , 6 months . So ... it was not our victim Never was That is the grace of God , my friend Is there anything you would like to volunteer ? Is there any photographic documentation , I need to know about ? Something that links me or my partners with the intrusion into the home of Jean and Francis Vieillard ? No , no Are you sure ? Do you remember the question , Terry ? There are no photos There is no anything You know , Terry , I gotta tell you It never ceases to amaze me The selfishness that envelops a man with his loved ones When the loved ones face the specter of death In that moment , no matter what he said to you in the past , no matter what he signed , in that moment his life is intrinsically more valuable than the next man . Triviality such as life span , quality of life , all forgotten , pushed away by the sheer overwhelming thank you of this man life This is going to hurt in the morning Now Terry , be honest with me , does anyone else know what you seem to know ? Please , can you bring me some more blades , these are going to be dull soon This is the point I trying to make You 're upset because you feel we took Vieillard before his time That 's clear . But I wonder if you wouldn 't feel differently If you were walking around today granted life by this man 's death If you were the man I gave his heart to I 'm that man I knew it looked familiar It is the beating of hid hideous heart I gotta tell you , Terry Once I determined that no-one else knew I wasn 't quite sure exactly how I was going to let you go But now , it seems so obvious ... The heart is the problem Kill the heart . Kill the problem Potassium Chloride solution , you will be gone in a few seconds ... Nice and easy Liz Hey , hey beautiful Hey Hey This is great I 'm so glad you came I didn 't know when , if I 'd see you again I 'm sorry I told her it was a robbery Who tried to steal her TV No more secrets , okay ? I bought your heart , Terry What ? What do you mean , you bought my heart ? Last year , when you were waiting for a donor We both knew that you 're were not going to hold up for much longer I didn 't want Angela to be alone There was this guy who worked in the hospital with me There were rumors about him So I told him to found a heart I said to him I didn 't want to know where it came from Just that he 's finds it quickly I did not want to loose you I remember you told me sometimes we made sacrifices for the ones we love , right ? Right , Terry ?
