 Wlth the passage of the Freedom of Observatlon act , a new and mighty weapon In the war on terror was placed In our hands . The first major step mandated under the new law was to unite the vast array of separate public and private surveillance cameras throughout our nation Into a single network - the Optlcal Defense Intelligence Network , - named O D I N. O D I N monitors every form of domestic electronic communication for criminal activity . The most visible and highly successful addition to our eye line has been the Introduction of a powerful new set of state-of-the-art mobile robotic surveillance cameras known as Eyeborgs . Lord , give me eyes that I might see . That 's better . What Is he up to ? Terrorlst bastard . Yeah , I 'm looking at you . Excellent . Cool . Look , I got something . Something big . Only-I don 't know what it is . Show me . What Is this , now ? Show me what they 've got . Clear left and zoom . It 's something new they 're developing . It 's something we 've never seen before . We did It . Come on . We lost the signal . Should we move In ? Negative . Hold positions . We got company . Shells ? Yeah . Now , I wonder how it got in here . What ? Wait a minute . Hey , you don 't think that I brought I think - you just got careless . Damn it . Move in , move in . Go , go , go . Go around back . Here we go . Key on us . Find him . All right , little friend . Show me what happened here . You were so hot on stage tonight . I just love your band . What 's it called again ? Painful Daze . Right , Painful Daze . Brandon , you 're an awesome singer , and out of all those girls , you picked me . Well , you seem ... Special . So , you got the stuff ? Oh , God , oh , God . Relax , it 's a friend . G - Man . Who 's she ? She 's cool . So you got the stuff ? You know what you got to do . I - I know . I 'll break it good . Enjoy your stuff . What was that ? J ust forget about it , okay ? Is that what I thlnk It Is ? As promised . Genulne homegrown ... North Carolina tobacco . Oh , my God . I haven 't had a cigarette since the government made smoking illegal . God , you taste like an ash tray . You too . That is so hot . What was that ? Shh . Okay , Marsha . All right . If Brandon calls you or anything , just let me know , and I 'll do the same , all right ? Okay , thanks . Nothing . He disappeared with that chick after the show last night . Nobody knows where he is . Palnful Daze , you 're up . Okay . Well , Jarett , I hope you know the lyrics , because you just became lead singer of the band . What lyrics ? Nobody knows the lyrics . It 's just a bunch of incoherent screaming . Thank you , guys , so very much . You guys have been awesome . Get ready to go balls to the walls with Painful Daze . Sldeshow 321 Alpha through 411 Charlle . No subs , all sections . Don 't worry , man . Hey , we 'll find him . We 'll find him . I just wish we knew his target . H i . U m , hey . We 're Palnful Daze , like It says on the drum . Okay , let 's , um-rock . Subject vehicle , I D positive . LB 5059 reporting . Sectlon C-47 . Full up . He must be Inside . Pin down C-47 . Get me some eyes inside that club . Negatlve . Not without a warrant I Bureaucracy . Search warrant approved . Send them in . # And he knows what to do # # But people hear this Is true # # No matter what they do They just still get through # # Tlme and time again # That 's Sankur . That 's our man . Let 's let the Eyeborgs flush him out . Attentlon , everyone . A Department of Homeland Securlty emergency defense operation Is In progress . Everyone please remain calm and follow all Instructions as given . Once again , a Department of Homeland Securlty emergency defense operation Is In progress . Everyone please remain calm and follow all Instructions as given . Whoa ! Everyone please remain where you are . D H S , put the gun on the ground ! Back off . Back off . Step away from the girl , Sankur . Don 't make this harder than it is . On the ground , now . Now . You can 't stop me . Away . Move , move , move . Stay away ! Stay where you are ! I mean it . Take him down . I 'm doing this for you . Put your guns down . Thls Is for everyone . J im , suppression fire only . We need him alive , Jlm . We need him alive . Suppression fire only . Suppresslon fire only . Suppression fire only . Go , go ! Ah . Go , go , go . Move out ! Suppresslon fire only . Suppresslon fire only I Stay down . We 've got to stop them . What was that ? What ? What are you doing ? We needed him alive . Well , you got your target . It 's this punk kid over here . Wake up , Amerlcal The president is lying . Are you hurt ? No , I don 't think so . Where is the truth ? They 're watching us . They 're watching us all . They 're watching us all I You 're a lucky son of a bitch . That little Eyeborg just saved your life . Oh , God . I 've got a gig . You 're lucky to be alive . Any idea why this guy would be taking a shot at you ? No , I don 't know . What 's your name ? U h , Jarett . I 'm with Painful Daze . Jarett . Last name , Jarett ? Hewes . H - U-G - No . H-E-W-E-S . You mean like - Yeah . Next you 're gonna tell me you 're related . He 's my uncle . You seriously want me to believe that the president of the U nited States is your uncle ? Hey , he 's serious . You do have a gig , playing for the president of the U nited States next week . Yeah . Well , he 's a good man . He 'll get my vote again . Yeah . Yeah , yeah , me too . Hey , listen , you think we could just not tell anybody about this ? I got enough nut jobs coming after me as it is . Yeah . Our job is keeping you safe . Keep the family relations quiet . Okay , thank you . Yeah , well , we know where to find you . Ronnl ? You don 't suppose him being the president 's nephew has anything to do with this ? Gunner . Donut run . Gunner , Gunner . Agent Reynolds . Yeah . Ms. Hoppy , isn 't it ? Barbara Hawkins . What happened here this evening ? Nothing . It 's all over . We heard reports of gunshots from this establishment . Yeah , there were gunshots . And why was that ? Because guns were being fired . Was there a reason , or are you and your men just the sort to enjoy shooting off their loads while people watch ? Not if you 're filming it . Good night , Ms. Harpy . Hawkins . J ust in the nick of too late . You know , they have machines that 'll do your job now , minus the lip . We 're off . To make the news . You just got careless . I didn 't do it . Are you saying I can 't trust what I see with my own eyes ? You 're not seeing it with your own eyes . You 're seeing it with their eyes . All right . Let 's talk about last night . The kid . You were trying to kill him . Why ? The kid Is a stepping stone . To the president ? He 's not the president . He was never elected into office . Funny , I thought we had an election . Not an election , a coup ! Computerized voting . No paper trail . The exit polls showed him trailing the whole day , and then some computer announces he 's our new president ? Oh , this guy looks like the love child of Charles Manson and Karl Marx . Ew . He doesn 't look like a Marx brother . Oh , cute . Their guy wins , it 's democracy . Our guy wins , it 's a coup . Actually , I voted for the other guy . Really ? U h-huh . Me , too . Oh . You want some coffee ? And the only way we can take America back is to kill Benjamin Hewes . President won 't be in town for another two weeks . And you knew you didn 't have two weeks , so you went after the kid . You 're just putting nails in freedom 's coffin . My job is to protect freedom and the people of this nation from those that would do them harm . I n that case , we 're on the same side . What say we go after that son of a bitch Hewes together ? You realize you 're facing federal charges . U nder the Freedom of Observatlon Act , it is a government offense to tamper with , disable , or otherwise interfere with the operation of an official observation device , which basically means you 're screwed , 'cause you 're going to pay for that Eyeborg you shot . Now , take some time and come up with some names by the time I get back . How about Kyle ? And Sharon ? Damn shame what happened to your family . I am sorry about that . I 'm sure you are . But if it wasn 't for what happened to them , we wouldn 't have Eyeborgs to scrape out scum like you . Don 't let that freak get to you . He 's not . Go figure . Well , ain 't you a cute little thing . Oh , there he Is . Agent Reynolds . Ms. Hawkins , what are you doing here ? I 'm trying to get a straight answer about what happened last night . I have no comment . Oh , thank you , thank you , thank you . Wait . Decaf . There was a shooting last night at a public facility . Turn that camera off . No , don 't turn the camera off . You have no right to film in this building . I do , I am in the lobby . Turn that camera off or I 'll shoot you . - He can 't shoot you . - I will shoot you . He is allowed to be in the lobby . Everybody wants to be a comedian . What 's that all about ? Hey , drink up . First they ban cigarettes . This will be next . H uh ? Obviously , you 're hiding something . - I 'm not hiding anything . - No ! Turn that back on ! Hey , hey . Oh , God . No , no , no , no . U h-uh . Security breach . All sections initiate lock-down procedures immediately . I nltlate lockdown procedures Immediately . J ust stay here ! Thls Is not a drill . Oh ! Ashley , talk to me . The subject is headed toward the south hall . Damn . Toward the west lobby . East stairwell , now . East stairwell . Yeah , he 's in the west lobby . There he is . U p there . Now in the north stairwell . Come on , go , go , go . Got you . Ah ! I need you to override the emergency lock-down on level six . Overriding the lock-down on level six . Come on . Come on . Agent Warner , are you in yet ? Hang on . Let 's go . Override lock-down , level seven . Abort lock-down . Come on . No ! No ! D H S agents are uncertain how a suspect who was In the process of being Interrogated managed to escape from the room and commit suicide , but an Investigation Is under way . Jack . Horrlble turn of events , Barbara . Absolutely horrible . Thank you , Barbara . I n other news , Presldent Benjamln Hewes ... My uncle 's politics take a turn to fucking derangement land , and people want to take it out on me . I mean , I haven 't even seen him since I was a little kid . I don 't even know him anymore , you know ? I wouldn 't vote for the son of a bitch , and we 're related . Jarett , at least you 're still alive . I mean , God knows I never thought I 'd say this . As much as those Eyeborg things creep me out , you would be dead if it weren 't for them . Tsk . M m . Look , I am sure the guitar man can fix her up . Yeah , well , if G - Man can 't , no one can . I could use a little fixing , too . H m ! Yeah ? Oh , look . It 's your uncle . As president , there Is nothing more Important than protecting the people . Great . Now he 's cutting into my sex life , too . That Is why I supported the Freedom of Observatlon Act . Now , with my new law , every camera In the nation , as well as millions of mobile units , have been linked directly Into O D I N. Man , millions of mobile units . ... a network that never sleeps , never rests , and never stops looking out for you . Yesterday , the State Department Issued yet another terror alert , this time citing the nation of Zlmbeklstan . What ? Zimbekistan ? Are they your next target , M r . Presldent ? How many more nations will we Invade before you 're satisfied we 're safe ? The final debate will be held next week , with our own Wlnston Salem playing host to the president 's contingent . Jamle Kell reports . Jlll , I 'm standing outside the Mlllennlum Center , from which the president 's side of the debate will be broadcast . I 'm gonna be there . I cannot believe you convinced me to play this fundraiser . Oh , stop whining . He is desperate for the younger vote , and you need the gig . J ust take advantage of it and invite some fans along . Yeah , right . He won 't even let me bring the band . He only speaks In front of Invited , supporting crowds , for security reasons . As with previous debates , the candidates are In different locations to create a less centralized target for terrorists . What are you doing ? Do you remember that wedding gig you did last month ? The two ladies who got married . No , the other one . Oh , the foreign guy ? There has definitely been a bank error . Come and check it out . Only Individuals especially Invited by the president are permitted Inside the debate hall . Obvlously he liked us . Obviously a computer hair-balled up a decimal point in the wrong place . I mean , I 'll have the bank fix it , but do you remember that terror alert on the news , about Zimbekistan ? Yeah ? Well , that 's where all this money came from . What ? Yeah . Oh , shit ! Ronni , the last thing I need is for the government to think that I 'm in some kind of business with terrorists . I mean , If U ncle B 's opponents get ahold of that , this could be really serious . I know , I know , I will have it fixed by tomorrow . Look , who never fails you ? My Ronni . That 's right . Don 't ever forget it . I 'm glad you failed once . Yeah , me too . Or I 'd have never met you . You know the most romantic thing you ever said to me ? U m , put on this collar and bark like a dog ? No , but that was dope . The first time we talked - M m-hm ? Jarett , just shut up and fuck me already . U h , yeah , that was it . No , no , play it again . That 's not what happened . I locked that door . I keyed in the codes . I got the red light . Not according to O D I N. Database confirms what the cameras show . You keyed the unlock code twice . Then the database is wrong . Are you postal ? There 's nothing wrong with the database . You keyed the wrong codes . Video shows it , and computer records confirm it . It 's wrong . I locked that door . What are you saying ? I can 't trust what I can see with my own eyes ? J im , you were there . What happened ? I 'm sorry , I didn 't see it . What do you mean , you didn 't see ? You were standing next to me . You were upset . You 've keyed those codes a thousand times . This time , you made a mistake . And that 's how I 'm writing it up , all right ? E. O. F. Play it again . George ! George , you can 't do an end of file on this one . Because ? Because Sankur was trying to kill the president . What if he wasn 't working alone ? No one was working with Sankur . How do we know that ? Because the head office said so . They 've had this fruit basket flagged and monitored ever since he checked out The Anarchist 's Cookbook from the local library . He was a lone nut . Now he 's a dead nut . Well , at least let Bradley and I check out his apartment . Jesus , Gunner ! We might find - Don 't you get it ? You 've got good friends in high places , probably because your testimony helped get the Eyeborg system on-line . Aw , come on ! Don 't pull that on me , George ! But push this too far - and someone may press charges for negligence . Don 't let one mistake ruin a great career . I 'm not ordering you as a supervisor . I 'm telling you as a friend . Let it go ! What kind of a tenant was Sankur ? He was very , very quiet , and he was very strange . They always are . Oh , am I gonna be on television ? Maybe . Oh . Oh . These doors kind of stick . Oh , there we go . Thank you . We won 't be long . Oh , take your time . You know , I 'm a fan of yours . Oh , thank you . Bye . Thank you . Bye bye . Whoa . Suddenly the clutter In my apartment doesn 't seem that bad . Gunner said they were done here , but it doesn 't look like anybody 's been in here ! There 's got to be something really good here . Ho , ho , ho . Here 's something good . M r . Deller 's , it 's been such a long time . How are you doing ? Eric , don 't even look at this . I 've got it under control . It 's like running into your ex-wife . Glad to be rid of her , but there were some good times . Come on , Eric , give it - You take this and I 'll take this . Pry it loose . Pry it loose . Pry it loose . Okay . Oh ! Look at this , look at this , look at this . What ? What ? This is the kid , the punk rocker that Sankur attacked the other night . He 's related to the president . He 's related to the president . That 's what Gunner was hiding ! Yeah , probably worried you 'd report it . And risk losing my reporter 's license ? I don 't think so . Do you think he 's hiding something else ? Yeah , he did seem a little tense . A little tense ? He threatened to shoot me . Wait a minute , wait a minute . Sankur claimed this D H S footage wasn 't real . Is it possible that this is fake ? Sure . I mean , computers these days - Anybody can make a computer composite . But to make It reallstlc-looklng and rendered In real time ? Now you 're talking some serious processing power . Would you check it out for me , please ? Worth a bottle of Deller 's ? No , it 's not . I 'm kidding , I 'm kidding , I 'm kidding . Of course I 'll do it for you , Barbara . Come on I We 're offi Off to make the news , baby . # I can 't believe It # # The way you Look sometimes # # Llke a trampled flag On a city street # # Oh , yeah # # ' Cause I 'm a 21 st Century digital boy # # I don 't know how to live , But I got a lot of toys # # My daddy 's a lazy Mlddle-class Intellectual # # My mommy 's on Vallum So Ineffectual # # 21 st century boy # # Scream for more # # Aln 't life A mystery , yeah # # Hello , G-Man ? G-Man ? You 're supposed to stay open till 5 . : 00 . Where are you ? G - Man ? El hombre de guitar . Wlnd blows open my door , and who floats in on the breeze ? None other than the nephew of the almighty himself . Come on , G , not again . Stlll a little touchy about being related to the bastard-In-chlef , huh ? You really wanna talk politics to a guy with purple hair ? Seriously ? How 's It hanging , J ? It 's good . You ? Eh , long and limp , but at least I can walk on It . Now what graces you to my doorstep ? Check it out . Let me guess - Brandon bouncing around on stage again ? U h , no . Brandon 's , like , missing . What ? He disappeared with some chick after the H igh Point show . Well , if not him , then who ? A freaking Lie-borg did this ? Hey , It saved my life , man . Really , I 'm serious . I know you don 't like them . Don 't like them ? That 's an understatement . Look , I can count seven or eight of them damn things , right from here , and every one of them photon-sucklng spy-bots - Wired directly to your uncle 's office . Yeah , I 'm actually pretty sure the O D I N mainframe is not sitting in the Oval Office . M ight as well be . We , the people , sure don 't run this country anymore . Looks like my uncle wants me to play this fundraiser next week . Never figured the C - in-C for a headbanger . Thlnk you can get her done ? Patience , kid , patience . I love the extremeness of your life , man . As long as those Eyeborgs are around . Dude , they 're just cameras . An E B saved your life , didn 't it ? Yes . By taking a pretty picture of you ? No . By getting between me and a bullet . Wow . Pretty smart move for a camera , don 't you think ? Ah . Here . Read this . " The Freedom of Observatlon Act ? " Are you kidding me ? Did you actually read all this ? More than the stupid senators and congressmen that passed it . Check out page 742 . " I n the absence of any formal law enforcement authority , " a unit may act as needed to obstruct a perpetrator In the commission of a crime . " So yeah , If a terrorist Is about to blow up a building , and there 's no cops around to stop It , then an Eyeborg can stop it . Exactly . What is wrong with that ? What 's wrong with it ? Yeah . It 's not limited to just terrorists blowing up buildings . What If an Eyeborg catches you doing something wrong , and no one 's around to stop it ? It can do whatever it wants . They 're just security cameras . What if it 's not just a camera ? What if somebody puts a weapon in it ? Think about it . Robot soldiers Inflltratlng society , seeking out enemies of the government . This is America . Thlngs like that can 't just happen . Man , you really had me going there with all that conspiracy crap . It 's not crap . I was there when they first used robot soldiers to kill people in GW2 . I 'm telling you - Eyeborgs keep us safe . " Those who choose safety over freedom deserve neither . " Benny Franklin , 1776 . Those who would play for the president need a working guitar . Jarett , 5 : 27 . I 'll get her all pretty for you . Don 't worry . All right . Hey , thanks , bro . See you . Oh , God , look out . My God , he 's got a gun . Ha . What do you know ? M m . Eric , hey , what 's up ? I did what you asked . I went over Sankur 's homicide video , and guess what I found ? What ? Plxel blending . What does that mean ? If you create a 3-D object In a computer , you can render It with 2-D , but If the angle 's too steep , you get artifacts . The only way to get something like that perfect Is to have a 3-D scan of the person . Wlthout that , there 's always some flaw to give It away . I n Sankur 's clothing , there 's an area where It looks like - You guessed It - Plxel blending . So does that mean the video could be fake ? That 's what I just said . Oh , I knew something was up . Beam It over to me right now . U m , this system 's not networked . What , are you In the Stone Age ? It keeps from getting viruses , all right ? Hold on . Okay . Look , I got the chip in hand . I 'll come over and show you what I 'm talking about . That 's even better . I 'm gonna be home in ten minutes . Go right now . Go . What is this ? Barbara , I was just kidding . Jeez , you want to get me fired ? Get off of me ! Let me go ! Let go of me . What are you doing ? What are you doing ? Ahh ! Ahhh ! Yeah , whoo ! Now that 's how you make the news , baby . Thank you . You have been " dis-armed " , baby . Damn . Hell 's a 'popping . See what you can find out . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . No , I 'm okay . I 'm okay . I 'm okay . We D Led Eric leaving the station . And these are from the traffic camera . Eyewltness said he nearly killed her when he ran a red light . He was all over the road , completely out of control . Were you aware that Eric had a history of alcohol abuse ? Yes , but he was always so definite that his drinking was in the past . Why did you call us ? This was a traffic accident . What made you think It was a D H S matter ? This is going to sound a little crazy now , but I had Erlc analyze the Sankur homicide video . Why ? Sankur said the video wasn 't real , and Eric 's a video expert , so I had him analy ze it . He said it looked fake . He was coming to show me . Report from the forensic guy . Sounds a lot less plausible coming from a drunk . But he didn 't sound drunk . Computer analysis . Shows he had almost a full bottle today . I 'm sorry . But he didn 't sound drunk . Coffee ? So how 'd you find me here ? My little friend showed me . Oh , yeah . I keep forgetting you are the father of the Eyeborgs . That 's not my favorite title . It 's just that everybody knows that if it weren 't for you , the O D I N system would never have gone beyond the testing stage . That 's because I testified in front of the senate committee , and you reported how I felt . Look , Gunner , I had a story to do , and it was about how you felt . You weren 't just another law enforcement officer bucking for a tool . Your story - What happened to your family - That is what moved people . I just wanted to catch the bastard that killed my wife and took my son . I know . And you got the Eyeborgs instead . Yeah , and a very nice note from the vice president , thanking me for my support on his pet project . Look , how close were you with Eric ? He was like a little brother . He was a pest sometimes , but I don 't know what I 'm going to do without him . If he was drinking again , do you think he would have hidden it from you ? Like you hiding that the kid who was attacked the other night was the president 's nephew ? You are on a need to know basis . I couldn 't have his identity compromised by putting his name on the air . Do you know what this is ? A journalist 's license . When the government started requiring that journalists be licensed , most of my colleagues quit , but I stayed . Do you know why ? Because my husband was killed in the last attacks , and I swore I 'd do whatever I could to prevent anyone from having to feel that kind of pain . Other reporters called me a traitor , but I believe in what I did , so don 't treat me like I can 't be trusted . Are you certain that Eric was right about the video ? Absolutely . I am positive . Because if you report what I 'm about to tell you , we could both be brought up on Patriot Act charges . Well then , I guess it 's all about trust , then , isn 't it ? I must be losing my mind . Flne . There are things - Small things , but a lot of them . ... Vetoed pending legislation , prohibiting domestic deployment , saying with the ever-changlng nature of the terrorist threat , It Is vital to keep all options open . Earller this afternoon , Vlce Presldent Rutledge Introduced the latest In a developing line of military killer robot soldiers . Bastard . These robot soldiers , which are being deployed today , are designed to protect our men and women overseas and our children at home . Why did the president veto a bill designed to prohibit domestic deployment ? Terrorlsm knows no borders . Now , the president and I are gonna be exploring every option available to make sure that we protect all the citizens of this country . Go . You got to stop the project . Is your line encrypted ? It doesn 't matter . They know . Where are you ? Look , I don 't think I have much time . You-you got to cancel the project . Davld , calm down . It 's rigged and ready . Well , unrig it . U nrig it now ! David ? The president . The Eyeborgs . I know the truth . What truth ? God help us all . They 're here . Nol Robot rats . Come on , try to get a piece of me , you silicon psychosl You little binary bastards . Llttle digital dlngoes . Ahh I Ahh ! Hey , G-Man . Hey , G , You in there , man ? Hey , G , it 's Jarett . Hey , hey , hey . Help , help , help . Help . Hey , hey , hey . Help , help . Help . Help . Help . Hey . Whoa . G - Man ! G-Man ! Oh , God . G - Man . I need an ambulance . I 'm in Liberty and Trade Street behind M idtown Guitar . Don 't tell me to calm down I Want to go over the part again about what you saw In the alley ? I saw an Eyeborg rushing out , and It attacked me . Eyeborgs aren 't allowed on private property without a warrant . I know that . There 's no warrant Issued for this property , so there 's no way there was an Eyeborg Inside . Video surveillance in the alley . No , no , that 's not right . No , It wasn 't a man . It was an Eyeborg . It was one of those , it was one of the big spidery ones . Yeah , but I see a man . But you 're not seeing through your eyes . You 're seeing with their eyes . I saw what I saw . What are you doing ? Are you going nuts ? I 'd like to know if my partner 's going nuts before you get us both killed . I don 't know , J im . J ust cut me some slack . I 'm working on something . Is that the guitar G - Man repaired ? Yeah . G-Man was the best . Can I take her ? Sure . It 's not evidence . Try to stay out of trouble . I just want to go home and be with my girl . Guilty conscience there , partner ? Is this a joke ? Come on . Come on , son . I 'll buy you some ice cream . My momma warned me about guys like you . Thank you , I ris . Ahhh . Isn 't this fabulous ? Sure you don 't want some ? It 's freedom vanilla . What 's the deal , man ? Am I under arrest here ? I mean , every time something bad happens - I thought this would be a safe place to talk . And now G - man is dead . I thought this would relax you a little bit , because you seem to be very tense most of the time . Now , of course , I 'm eating freedom vanilla ice cream in an exotic car wash with a D H S officer . I believe you saw an Eyeborg the other night . Thank you . I can 't be certain , but I think someone hacked into the O D I N system and Is controlling them . Focus ! What ? Yeah , no , I know . I thought there were - I think someone 's trying to kill the president . H uh ? Are you kidding me ? No , I 'm not . Someone - Someone has compromised our surveillance system . Like who ? Like terrorists . Ooh , terrorists . I 'm so scared . The government made the Eyeborgs , they control the Eyeborgs , but if something goes wrong , it 's never the government 's fault . There 's a traitor somewhere , somewhere probably high up in government office . Maybe even Inside the D H S. What do you want me to do about it ? I need you to contact the president . You have found the wrong guy for that . We 're talking about his life here . I can 't do that . Why not ? You 're the only one that can go directly to him . - They won 't believe me . - Why not ? They won 't believe me . Look , there is an entire branch of government that 's set up to protect him . You don 't need me . Listen , son . Whether you want to be involved in this or not , you are . Now , you , the president , and anyone connected to you could be in serious danger . We don 't know anyone In Zlmbeklstan . So what you 're telling me Is that this money came from the government of Zlmbeklstan , and not a private Individual ? Well , you or somebody higher up than you is gonna get this money back to Zimbekistan if we have to be here till Gulf War 7 breaks out . Capisce ? All right , I expect to hear from you within the hour . Thank you . Get - Get-get out . Get out . Shoo . Get out ! You 're not supposed to be in here . Fine . If you won 't get out , I will . Call Jarett . Call - Call Jarett . I 'm sorry , command not understood . Call-Jarett ! Hey , baby , you will never guess what - Jarett , help . What ? Ronni ? Hello , hello ? Can you see me ? Jarett , help . Yeah , you 're breaking up . I can 't really see you . What 's going on ? Are you all right ? Ronni ? Ronni , I 'm on my way . I 'm on my way home right now , okay ? Hang tight . Ronnl ? Shit . Jarett ! Ronni ? Ronni ? Ronni ? Hey , Ronni ? Ronni ? Ronni ? Ronni ? Ronni , are you in there ? Ronni ? No , no , no , Ronni . Ronni ! Ronni ! No ! Please , Ronni . Ronni . Ronni . Ronni . They 're calling It a suicide because she had a history , but I told them what I thought I saw on the phone - An Eyeborg - When she called me . And what did the police say when you said that ? There was no record that she called . Dld you speak to your uncle ? No , I tried . I can 't get ahold of him . He 's coming here tomorrow . I need you to make that meeting . No , no . I can 't . I can 't . I can 't do that . Jarett , I know this is really hard on you , but think about what happened to Ronni , what almost happened to you . Your uncle could be in extreme danger . Well , that 's not my problem . That 's not . No . That 's not my fucking problem . You have no idea what you 're asking me to do here , okay ? I never , I never talk to my family . I mean , I am so far over on the other fucking side of this - And there 's no way - I 'm not . No . I 'm - Jarett Hewes ? Yeah ? Please hold for the president . It 's him . Jerry ? U ncle Benjamin . I heard about what happened , and I am so sorry . Is there anything I can do to help ? No , thank you . U m , it 's just ... I - I need to tell you something . I need to talk to you about the Eyeborgs . Walt just a minute . Wlll you excuse us , please ? Now , Jarett , listen very carefully to me . Thls Is not a secure line , and I 'm not In a position to talk right now . But It Is very Important that you not mention this to anyone else . J ust promise me you 'll be there tomorrow night , and we can sort this out face to face . I really don 't know if I can be there . Jarett , please . At least let me see you after what 's happened . Okay . Okay , I 'll be there . I 'll see you tomorrow , then . Okay , bye . He sounded concerned . It doesn 't seem like you 're on the other side , does it ? Okay . Okay . I will play that fundraiser . It 's what Ronnl wanted me to do . But if I 'm going to walk in there and try to convince the president that security cameras are killing people , I need some real proof . I 'll get you the proof . You just be there . Okay . Okay . Let 's go . Llve from 44 H D election central , this Is campaign coverage of Declslon Amerlca , with Jack Romero , Jlll Coppola , Barbara Hawklns , Jamle Kell , and the Eyewltness News Team . Good afternoon to you . I 'm Jack Romero . And I 'm Jlll Coppola . Comlng to you live from our state-of-the-art election central newsroom . Today , Eyewltness News ' continuing coverage of Declslon Amerlca , and the final presidential debate of this election . We begin our coverage with Barbara Hawkins at the debate site . Barbara ? Thank you , Jlll . The day of the debate has finally arrived In Wlnston-Salem at the beautiful Mlllennlum Center . The president 's limo arrived moments ago , and we 've been Informed that he was escorted Inside , where a crowd of Invited supporters awaits him behind closed doors . Oh . This is a great idea you had , checking out what 's his face 's shop . G - Man . I know what happened here . I saw the movie . Well , now you can read the book . Ha ha ha . That 's funny . Take a look at that . What do you suppose made this ? Look , I know what I saw in the video . Well , let 's take a look inside . Although only supporters are allowed near the president for security reasons , there are , In fact , many protesters demonstrating against his policies here today . For safety , such dissenters are kept far away from the president In tightly regulated first amendment zones . Thank you , Barbara . You ever think about how easy the Eyeborgs make It to get convictions ? If you mean having video of a crime as compelling evidence , then yeah . It 's hard to argue with video . Exactly . No cross examination . Was there anything on the computers ? Nothing . Our guys went over it from the last bit and pixel . Someone that doesn 't trust machines wouldn 't put anything in there . He 'd be doing things the old-fashioned way . You heard It here - The president says he understands and agrees that we are way In over our heads financially , yet he continues to perpetuate the problem by continuing to put more money Into a system which Is controlling us , and my goal Is to cut that out . What are you doing ? It 's hollow . What ? There Is one word that the senator likes to use a lot with reference to O D I N , and that 's control . There 's a very big difference between observation and control . Here . That 's it . Come here . ... the O D I N system . And from conception Into development , Into manufacturing , Into Implementation , many , many jobs have been created . Good afternoon , M r . Hewes . Take that , please ? I thlnk to the tune of over six million jobs have been created , and ladles and gentlemen , every one of those jobs Is within the U nited States . We have greatly Increased the gross national product , and Increased the tax base and the revenues of the federal government . It pays for Itself , ladles and gentlemen . D H S to Secret Service , Headliner has entered the building . What 's this ? Look at these designs . Weapons on the Eyeborgs ? They must be fake . She 's not lax at all , and we both know that . We just disagree . We simply disagree . Hello ? We all know how I feel about It , and I 'm hoping one day , she 'll reveal how she feels about It , and what she wants to do Instead . I want to make one thing perfectly clear , and that Is I agree with the president . I believe that we should be protected . I believe that we do need security . However , there Is a very thin line between being protected and an Invasion of privacy . God . What 's this ? Looks like C-4 . It 's more like a C-4 variant . It 's odorless and malleable . This could get past the scanners without a problem . There 's no scent . The snlffers would miss It . G - Man had to get it near the president . How ? We are not watching the Amerlcan people . These are cameras and mobile units . They are not human . They are observing and recording behavior . There are many levels , and the first level Is behavior number one . N umber one Is simply normal human behavior . There 's no threat . There 's no red flag . When a mobile unit or a camera sees behavior that Indicates possible criminal activity Is In the works , It goes to level two . Stlll , no human eye Is on the human being . I can 't get a signal down here . Come on , we 've got to warn them . Let 's go . Jlm , be careful . What ? Maybe they can help us get a signal . Guys , we need for you to get us - J im . No . J im ? J im ? Damn . Come on , Ed . Gunner , what the hell happened to you ? J im Bradley 's dead . How ? The Eyeborgs have been compromised . How can the Eyeborgs be compromised ? And that 's not our only problem . Jarett Hewes , the president 's nephew , has a bomb hidden in his guitar . The kid 's already in the building . We 'll secure the perimeter . You take a team in and get the president out of there . Yes , sir . Sanchez , get your team together . Let 's not hurt the kid . He doesn 't know he 's been set up . What 's going on ? What happened ? Terrorists have control of the Eyeborgs , and Jarett 's guitar is rigged to assassinate the president . That 's not funny . No , you 're right . It 's not . Round them up . Move them out . What 's the situation ? The debates are still going on but we can 't contact anyone on the radio . Our first priority is to get the president out . U nderstood . Let 's go , commander . Yup . Sanchez ? D H S , Secret Servlce . Stand down . Where are the president 's guards ? I don 't know . They should be here . We 're taking the president off-stage , then we get him out of the building . Gunner , wait . Let 's get a twenty on that kid first . Coyle , take a team . I want you to sweep the building . Sanchez , I want you to do a perimeter with a team , and I want the bomb squad - Gunner , Gunner . It 's not real . Oh , Lord . He 's not real . What 's going on ? Where 's the president ? There is no president . What ? There is no president . I don 't understand . Did terrorists - There are no terrorists . No terrorists , no election , no president , no more democracy . O D I N has been using us . That 's why we Invade one country after another - So it can breed . You 're recording this , right ? J ust keep recording and sending it to the station . Where 's Barbara 's feed ? It must be some kind of a problem with the robot camera we gave her . Have you called her ? There was no answer , but there 's nothing for her to do until the debate 's over . I suppose . Well , no more . Not on my watch . I want that boy out of here . Ed , can you hear me ? Right here , right here . What do we do now ? Hlgh , low . On two . One , two . Ladies and gentlemen , this is unbelievable . There Is no president , no room of Invited supporters . We 've got to get Jarett and that bomb out of this building . O D I N will go to any extreme , even kill our own American heroes , to keep It secret . Cover . No one knows how long this - Barbara . Barbara . What are you doing here ? You all right ? I can 't move my legs . We 'll get you out of here . No , no , have you found Jarett yet ? He 's somewhere in the building . I don 't know where . The basement . They 've got him in the old jail . How do you know ? I 've done a million stories on this place . It used to be the old federal building . We 've got to get past them . No , there 's another way . See that slot up there ? It 's part of the old surveillance tunnels . They connect every room In the building . Oh . There 's a door behind that curtain . You just get in there . You can get to the basement and get Jarett out . Sanchez , send a bravo team . Go with Gunner . Go . Leave me the nine mil , another clip , and I 'll be fine . Don 't do anything stupid . We 'll get you on the way out . Go , go , go , go , go . Where is Barbara ? We have gunshot fire from within the Mlllennlum Center . Communications have been compromised . Let 's go quietly . Oh ! Team , gol I 'm here . Help , help . Help . You all right ? Oh , my God , what 's happening ? Where 's U ncle Benjamin ? He 's dead . Probably has been for years . But he 's the president . Not anymore . What Is this ? I don 't know . Some kind of 3 - D scanner or something . Oh , God . Ahh . Ahh . Let 's be very careful with this . Thank you . Don 't thank me . There 's a bomb In It . Go . Fall back . What 's happening out there ? As far as we know , the president Is safe . But we can neither confirm nor deny at this time . What the hell are those ? An Eyeborg no human ever designed . Coyle , what 'd they do to you , man ? Jesus . Come on . Gunner . Gunner , take the guitar . Get him out . I got you covered . No , Sanchez . Come back , San - Barbara . Jarett ! Jarett , son , come here , son . Come here . Look at me , look at me . I need you on your feet . All right ? You understand ? Okay ! All right , give me your arm . Come on . Come on ! Gunner , what happened to the others ? Doesn 't matter . We got to go . Oh , no . Oh , God . No , you can 't move me . Yes , I can . Take Jarett . I can barely walk . Come on , we haven 't got much time ! No , you take Jarett and take these . These are the computer chips from my camera . They 'll have everything that happened today . They 'll be the last recorded video . It 's the only proof you 'll have of what happened . Barbara . I 'm taking you out . Promise me you 'll take these out . Promise me , Gunner ! Promise me ! Yes . I promise . All right , look , you promise me something - Whatever comes through that door , do not move . They are programmed to attack . Do not move . And I will be back for you . I know . I know . I know . Come on , son . I 'm getting you out of here . Come on , look at me . Look at me . You can do this . Put your arm around me . Agaln , I 'm not sure If gunshots have been fired , or If It 's something that sounds like gunshots . Standlng by . Do you know what I 've got here ? The delete key . No . I , Thomas Rutledge , do solemnly swear - That I wlll faith fully execute the office of president of the U nited States - You are looking at history In the making - Footage just released , showing the former vice president In an undisclosed location taking the oath of office and assuming his position as the next U. S. president . Welcome to Eyewltness News . I 'm Jack Romero . And I 'm Jlll Coppola . The new commander-In-chlef wasted no time deploying a coordinated assault Involving army , navy and alr force troops against the tiny , oll-produclng nation of Zlmbeklstan . We have Irrefutable proof that Zlmbeklstan Is Involved beyond the funds given to the traitor Jarett Hewes for his Involvement In thls terrorist assassination plot . Sad to say that we dare not trust anyone , not even our own relatives . My administration has just begun Implementing sophisticated security provisions designed to protect you . Wlth that , God bless you , and God bless Amerlca . Sam . Thanks , man . See you soon . What about that video ? Everybody knows that videos can be faked . Regardless of the motives of people , they 're designed to confused you , so you must ask yourself , each and every citizen of this country , ask yourself one question and one question only - Who do you believe ? A government that Is sworn to protect you , or a ratlngs-hungry media beholden to no one ? Dude , this outfit so does not work for me . Eyeborgs use visual pattern recognition . Besides , you look good in it . Really , man ? Here ? I mean , just - It was either here or the exotic car wash . I thought this would be better for your soul . H mm . Wanna know my preference ? Oh , no , I don 't . The world thinks I 'm dead already . Look , we go public with this , and I get out there In front of cameras - Trust me , it 's been done with cameras before . Gunner , I can 't just sit here and do nothing while people are out there dying . Barbara 's-Barbara 's video has gone viral all over the net . It 's spreading like crazy , going peer-to-peer . Even O D I N can 't stop it . So what do we do ? Be patient . People aren 't just accepting what they hear anymore . Things are changing . We have to stop the machine . We will . Have faith , my son . Thank you , Father . The Lord gave me my eyes to see for myself . I don 't need yours anymore . # I 'm not a believer I 'm not a detractor # # I 'm don 't Follow the herd guy # # Lamb to the slaughter # # I 'm a resistance The new revolution # # The why generation Electrlc thriller # # Here are your eyes # # Are they burned Through my mind ? # # I can feel I can breathe It Inside # # Freedom 's calling # # Heroes are falling # # We 'll fight until The city 's burning # # The apocalypse Is dawning # # Freedom 's calling # # Heroes are falling # # I know how much You like to watch # # Watch this # Coming up next on Eyewitness News 44 H D , a nation mourns the loss of its longest-sitting leader since F D R and recalls his legacy . All the while , even under more tight security , the Vice President is sworn in as the nation 's new commander-in-chief . Also , U S condemnation of Zimbekistan for the attack , and threats of military retaliation against the tiny nation in response to the unprecedented - No one knows how long O D I N has perpetrated this - And builds a new coalition A president that 's merely an artificial flgurehead . ... nation . U h , clearly some kind of technical problem there . Some kind of a ghost-like - We 're not quite sure what that was we just saw . Perhaps some kind of practical joke by somebody with a very sick sense of humor . But I 'm sure the F C C and this network will investigate and prosecute those responsible . Meantime , we apologize for the interruption . We hope you 'll stay with us through the break and into our next program . Stay tuned , and thank you . Was that - ? Damndest thing I 've ever seen . # Here are your eyes # # Are they burned Through my mind ? # # I can feel I can breathe It Inside # # Freedom 's calling # # Heroes are falling # # We 'll fight until The city 's burning # # The apocalypse Is dawning # # Freedom 's calling # # Heroes are falling # # I know how much you like # # Freedom 's calling # # Heroes are falling # # We 'll fight until The city 's burning # # The apocalypse Is dawning # # Freedom 's calling # # Heroes are falling # # I know how much You like to watch # # Watch this # # What do you believe ?
