 Arrakis . Dune . Wasteland of the Empire and the most valuable planet in the universe because it is here , and only here , where spice is found . The spice . Without it , there is no commerce in the Empire . There is no civilisation . Arrakis . Dune . Home of the spice . Greatest treasure in the universe . And he who controls it , controls our destiny . Father ! Mentat engineers , please report to fusion plants . Life support technicians , prepare for departure . This move to Arrakis comes at a delicate moment for House Atreides . A test of your father 's loyalty to the Emperor . You must remember , Paul our society is a tangled web of competing forces . Our civilisation rests upon a political tripod a most unstable of structures . A deceptive balance of power exists between the Emperor the Congress of Royal Houses , and the supposedly impartial Spacing Guild with its invulnerable monopoly on interstellar transport . Complicated by a feudal trading culture that turns its- - Dr. Yueh would be disappointed . Then he 'd know how I feel . Attention . Departure from Caladan airspace , 0-10 : 00 . It 's never easy leaving one 's home , Paul . Think of this as a new adventure , the adventure of a lifetime . You call this an adventure : Leaving our home for some dry speck of dust in the middle of nowhere ? You 're a duke 's son . You have duties , responsibilities . How could I ever forget ? Every day I have to eat responsibility for breakfast and duty for dinner . Sarcasm doesn 't become you . I just want to see my father . So do I . Attention . Departure from Caladan airspace , 0-10 : 00 . All Atreides personnel , please prepare for departure . The Reverend Mother has arrived . She wants to see you before we depart for Arrakis . You have given him your face , Jessica . But the father has given him his eyes . And his courage . We shall see . Come here , boy . Let me have a better look at you . If you know what 's good for you , you 'll do as I say . I 'll be the judge of what 's good for me . Your mother has taught you many things , I see . She tells me you dream . Your Reverence ... - ... if I could- - - You 're dismissed , Jessica . Since when is it permitted to treat the Lady Jessica as a common servant ? She was a common servant . My servant . And a good one , too until she was 16 , and your father took her . Now , I would like to hear about your dreams . They 're just dreams . About what ? Why don 't you tell me ? Do you know what this is ? It is a test , young Atreides . A test for what ? Put your hand inside and we 'll see . What 's in it ? Pain . I hold the Gom Jabbar at your throat , young Atreides . Keep your hand in the box and live . Remove it and die . I must not fear . Fear is the mind killer . That 's right , boy . Pray . I will face my fear , I will let it pass through me . And when the fear is gone there will be nothing . Only I will remain . No woman , child , ever withstood that much pain . You are a gifted boy , young Atreides but you have much to learn . He survived . You should 've warned me . She was forbidden . I 'm sorry . Paul . You were supposed to have a daughter . You have hopelessly complicated matters . An Atreides daughter could 've been wed to the Harkonnen heir . The feud between the houses could 've been ended . My duke wanted a son . You arrogant girl . Putting his desires above our interests . How dare you turn your back on the centuries of our breeding programmes . I 'll pay for my mistakes . And your son will pay it with you . We 'll do what we can . He may be worth saving but for the father , nothing . Good thing you don 't play your baliset as badly as you fight , Gurney-man . It 's too bad Duncan isn 't here . - Then I could get a real workout . - Now you 've done it . Whoa , Gurney-man . Never submit to anger . Fast on defence , slow on the attack . You forgot your first principle , Gurney . Not likely . Look down , lad . Perhaps you 'd like to sing soprano next time I play . Guess I 'm just not in the mood today . Not in the mood ? Mood is a thing for cattle and women , young pup . Mood is not for fighting . Even with the Weirding ways your mother teaches you . It 's that old Bene Gesserit witch . Something she said or did . The navigator is arriving . Spacing Guild shuttle N-1 17 arriving central transport part . This zone is now restricted . We 'll be on our way to Arrakis soon . It is said that they depend on the spice and that without it , they can 't navigate . It is said . They used to be human , didn 't they ? Until the spice changed them . I don 't think anyone knows for sure . I 've never seen one . No one has . It 's forbidden , Paul . So don 't endanger our shipping privileges trying . All non-Guild personnel , please secure quarters . Will Arrakis be as bad as they say , Thufir ? The storms , perhaps . They can eat the flesh off your bones as you stand . The only thing that doesn 't fear an Arrakis storm is the giant worm . It 's not worms I worry about . Your father is a formidable man , Paul . Even the Emperor fears him . I 'd sooner cast my fate with him than trust anything some Bene Gesserit hag said . Why do you hate them ? The Bene Gesserits ? I don 't hate them . I don 't trust them . I am a Mentat . I trust logic and statistics , not mysticism and prophecy . Attention . All Atreides personnel , restriction to quarters now in effect . Please prepare for departure . Spacing Guild navigator docking central transport part . This zone is restricted . Repeat . Spacing Guild navigator docking central transport part . This zone is restricted . And so it begins . The trap is set , the prey approaches . A glorious winter is about to descend on House Atreides and all its heirs . The centuries of humiliation , visited upon my family will finally be avenged . But Arrakis was mine ! Shut up , Rabban . I did what you said , Uncle . I made the people cower . I crushed that vile planet . He said " squeeze , " brother , not " crush . " Rabban aspires to rule House Harkonnen one day , Feyd . And yet he can 't even rule himself . Explain our plan , Mentat . The plan is elegant and vicious , dear Baron . Of course it is . I designed it . In order for the Empire to survive , the spice must flow . But the production has become inconsistent . In his wisdom , the Emperor decided only one man is honest enough and loyal enough to be trusted with restoring the spice production adequately . Duke Leto Atreides . Temporarily interrupting 80 years of Harkonnen rule and all the profits that go with it . I said " temporarily , " you moron . It doesn 't take long for Duke Leto to believe he has Arrakis firmly under control . And then , at the moment of his greatest confidence- - The traitor strikes . A traitor ? Who ? That remains my little secret for now . What about the other great houses ? They 're sure to protest . Perverting common wisdom , Nephew , is a mark of all great conspiracies . You see , Nephews , a popular man arouses jealousy and Duke Leto is a very popular man . The other great houses will be glad to get rid of him even though they would never admit it . The spice will flow . The Emperor will be pleased and House Harkonnen will be more powerful than ever . Alone and vulnerable , at the edge of the universe valiant Duke Leto will finally come face to face with fear . When I 'm through , he won 't know who to trust not even that Bene Gesserit witch he sleeps with . They 'll all be turning on one another like rats in the flood . By the time the traitor is fully revealed the fate of Atreides will already be sealed . My son always says you have a feline grace , Duncan . I didn 't want to startle you , Milord . The latest emigration reports . They fear our regime will be as bad as the Harkonnens ' . We 're losing too many . Spice hunters , drivers , weather scanners , dune men , we 'll need . Should I persuade some to stay ? No . I have something more important for you to do . I want you to go into the desert . The Fremen ? I 'm getting reports of hundreds , perhaps thousands , in villages what they call " sietches . " In the deep desert . Beyond the mountains . The Harkonnen sneered at the desert people . Hunted them for sport . - l doubt they 'll expect any better from us . - Then we have to change that . We 're going to need allies here , Duncan . I want you to seek out their leader this Liet I keep hearing about . A phantom . He may not even exist . He could even be many different men . Find out . Negotiate patience so I can demonstrate our good intentions with deeds . If I 'm lucky , they will judge all of us by you . You honour me , sir . I am endangering you and I know it but you 're the only one I can trust with this . That 's a dusty little garrison town . A testament of the harsh climate of the place . What 's he doing ? Water seller , Milady . You need never bother with the likes of them . The cistern at the palace holds 50,000 gallons and it 's always kept full . What 's wrong with their eyes ? Those are Fremen , desert people . It 's the spice . It 's everywhere : the air , the food . By the time a Fremen child is 12 his eyes have turned completely blue . Guards everywhere . We didn 't have to live like this on Caladan . Family apartments are in the west wing . The furniture is being brought up . What is this for ? An old custom , I 'm told . Guests ceremoniously splash water on the floor after washing their hands . They save the squeezings . Demeaning custom . Idaho has prepared for us well , Milord . Duncan ? Where is Duncan ? Can I see him ? I have him occupied on official business for the moment . You must be patient . I 've assembled the general staff , as you requested . No , don 't take it up there . I want the coat of arms to hang here . The first thing visitors must see . This is House Atreides now . We are not like the Harkonnen . You will be treated here with respect . From now on , we speak the lady 's language at all times . The Shadout Mapes , Milady , head of household staff . Mapes , show Milady our apartments . Make sure she has everything she needs . I 'll join you after the briefing . This way , Milady . Come , Paul . The men are waiting . Me ? Right now ? It 's time you participated . I 've had the girls sandscrub these walls to within a millimetre of their frames . The Harkonnen stench is finally gone . Built by off-worlders many years ago . A chapel for the memories of what they left behind when they came here . A thousand people could survive a year on the water it takes to keep this place a month . And a Harkonnen never let us forget it , Milady . Your name , Shadout , it means " well-dipper , " doesn 't it ? I was raised in the desert sietches , Noble-born . Refer to me as Milady , Mapes . I 'm not noble-born . I am the bound concubine of the duke . There is no wife ? I 'm his only companion , the mother of his son . You are Bene Gesserit . Yes , I know the ancient tongues . I 'm trained in the ancient ways . This place is precious . It should be protected . Tell the people , Mapes , this place belongs to them now . As long as we rule here the Atreides family will keep it in trust for them . Stay there . Give them back their money . Go on . It is a custom , Milady . This custom stops now . Do as I said . Do as I said . Water will never again be sold at the Atreides ' door . At the end of every meal , any person who calls at this door may receive a full cup , free . is it possible ? Could it be possible that she brings the Mahdi ? The thing must take its course . What about the mining accounts ? The Harkonnen spice operation took 10 billion solaris out of here every year . Now , does anyone here still think that the Harkonnen have just packed up and left ? Gurney , I want you to make contact with the smugglers operating in the deep desert . Tell them that we 'll ignore what they 're doing from now on as long as they make it worth our while . The Emperor is extremely jealous of his spice profits , Milord . It 's one thing to turn a blind eye to smugglers . It 's quite another to pocket some of their earnings . Well , then just tell him what we 're doing . Bank the entire amount to his name , Shaddam iv . But then deduct it from our taxes as a legitimate expense . In other words , cost of doing business . What ? I would just love to see the Baron 's face when he hears of this . All the Harkonnen parasites who got rich taking smuggler bribes will be flushed into the open . No more graft . The Emperor cannot deny this . Not in public , anyhow . Well done , lad . Now ... . An emperor 's daughter must do better . Worthy to be your first-born . They tell me her ambitions tend more to the literary than the political . Never underestimate the political uses of an awakened mind , Majesty . Subterfuge and cunning are often better allies than a fierce heart and a strong back . All she lacks is the primacy of our gender . Then you must marry her well . Someone with a suitably pliable personality . Too bad it won 't be that young Atreides . The most admirable lad , I 'm told . Good union of breeding and training . We must arrange to send Duke Leto a token of our love . He must continue to think of us fondly . Why did we come here , Father ? And don 't just tell me it 's a matter of honour or duty . There 's more to it , isn 't there ? I 've never lied to you , Son . We 've been entrusted with the most profitable commodity in the universe . That alone makes us many enemies . Then why don 't we call them out ? Expose them in front of the Emperor . What if he 's one of them ? This is a hard lesson , Son . In the world we live in , self-interest governs all . The Emperor needs us for the moment , to administer Arrakis , to make the spice flow . But he fears us , Paul . He fears my influence among the great houses . If he decides it 's in his interests that House Atreides should fall , he will do nothing to stop it . He might even invite opportunity to hasten it . Well then , if you 're right , this place is a trap . Perhaps . But knowing there 's a trap is the first step in evading it . I should 've taken the House Atreides renegade fled to the darkest corners of the universe . You 're too honourable for that , my love . No. I 'm too fed up . This endless feud stops here . The Harkonnen are a rogue clan , Leto . No matter how much prestige they try to buy they 'll never have the respect you 've earned . Respect can 't buy us peace . I 'd trade it all for a place somewhere . Anywhere where we could be alone , where Paul could be safe . And all I had to think about was your happiness . Maybe then I could finally make- - Please , don 't talk about things that can 't be . You belong to your time , I was bred to my destiny . Even if I were able to go back and choose I would change nothing . One of yours , Turok ? Harkonnen mercenaries . Someone is signalling from the palace . Save your strength for the desert , Atreides . Word has already been sent to the palace . We have people among you . - Are they trustworthy ? - They are Fremen . I 'll take care of these . I didn 't mean to intrude . Forgive me , Milady . I was enjoying the morning . For a moment , I could imagine my wife walking there . My Suk conditioning is supposed to rid me of such unstable emotions as hope . Still , it 's all I have left . We have spies everywhere , Dr. Yueh . If she 's still alive we 'll find her . Seems almost a sacrilege wasting one 's water in a land starved for it . Well , I 'm sorry we dragged you here to this dangerous place . I came willingly , Milady . Only half the sandcrawlers are operable but we 'll have most of the ornithopters working soon . That is a harvester factory . We have about 1,000 . As big as she is , there are worms in the deep desert that could swallow one whole . Why don 't we use shields ? Shields are useless in the desert . Even a simple body shield will call every worm within 100 kilometres . Drives them into a killing frenzy . The imperial ecologist , Milord , Dr. Kynes . We prefer the traditional term , planetologist . I understand that we have you to thank for our stillsuits . I hope they fit well . This is basically a high-efficiency filter and heat-exchange system . The skin layer is porous . Perspiration passes through heat filaments and salt precipitators . Water is reclaimed in catchpockets , which you can draw from this tube . Properly adjusted , water loss is kept under 15 millilitres a day . That 's hardly measurable . That 's the point . You 're a Fremen . I am accepted in both sietch and village . But I am in the Emperor 's employ . You 've worn a stillsuit before ? This is the first time . Someone adjusted it for you ? No , it just seemed the right way to put it on , that 's all . Well then the desert awaits . Maintain 120 degrees southeast , Milord . Set . That 's where the sandmaster is concentrating his equipment . How many men are there on a mining crew ? As few as possible . Mining is a perilous adventure at best , Milord . Has anyone ever been lost out this far and survived ? Men have walked out of the nearer zones by crossing the rock areas where worms seldom go . Fremen ? Fremen . There it is . That 's the harvester . And those are the scouts ? Yes . Watching for wormsign . " Wormsign " ? Wherever there is spice , there are worms . Always ? They defend the spice sands . Has there been an effort to wipe them out ? Too much area to cover . Too many worms . A rich field by the look of the colour . is that wormsign ? Where 's the carryall to evacuate the harvester ? Wormsign , approximately 40 kilometres . He 's got you . Estimated intercept , six minutes . Do they always cut it this close ? It 's not standard procedure . The carryall should be here . - How many men on that harvester ? - Usually 23 , Milord . - Are we sure the worm will attack ? - No doubt about it . Crew on the harvester , this is Duke Leto Atreides . We 're taking you out . Cease operations and prepare for evacuation . Spotters , land to the west . Prepare to be boarded . Those spotters only carry four men , in addition to the crew . We can only get two in here . You two work on the back seats . We 'll jettison them when we land . That 'll get in three more . This is harvester Delta Ajax Niner . Sir , we have almost a full load . Damn the spice . We can always get more . Prepare for evac . That 's an order ! Worm sighting . 10 degrees southwest . Estimated speed , 40 knots . We have an approach . Worm intercept , five minutes . Sandmaster , this is a command from your duke . Cease operations and evacuate the station immediately or I 'll cut your ship in two with a lasgun . I can hear it . The worm . I can hear it coming . Over here ! Over here ! Both of you , over here ! The rest to the spotters ! Run , you sand dogs , run ! Get down and hang onto anything you can . What are they doing ? Milord , we must go now ! Hurry ! Capacity overload . We need altitude or it 'll suck us down . Capacity overload . Capacity exceeds lift capability . Bless the Maker and his water . Bless his coming and his going . May his passage cleanse the world . May he keep the world for his people . How about the men left behind ? - Send a ship to search for them . - But they were right by the worm- - Send a ship anyway . When God ordains a man 's time to die he directs that man to the proper place . Paul . I want the pilots from that missing carryall delivered to me personally . Someone 's going to pay for that waste . This is a different kind of man . He risked his life and that of his son to save the men instead of the spice . A leader like that could have commanded fanatic loyalty . This is my legacy to you , Son . The greatest wealth in the universe and the never-ending struggle to defend it . The ancients used to say danger and opportunity were often the same thing . This is not one of Yueh 's academic exercises , Paul . On Caladan we ruled by air and sea . And here we need desert power . Desert power . Remember that . Mahdi , Mahdi . Leto is growing more popular with every passing week . He has ruined our system of bribes and patronage . He 's been able to maintain the spice quota despite our sabotage . Even that mongrel ecologist Kynes is sending the Emperor favourable reports . And what do you deduce from all of this , Nephew ? The longer we wait , the harder it will be to dislodge him . Piter , try again , will you ? Leto 's continued success makes the other great houses nervous , Rabban . We can hear whispers , petty jealousies that could easily give birth to considerable envy . Bugger envy ! We have a traitor among them . I say strike now ! For your approval , Uncle . The slave is quite a specimen this time , don 't you think , Rabban ? Perhaps Feyd shouldn 't be quite so casual today . No . Perhaps my dear brother might even break a sweat today . What you fail to understand is that I want Leto to become popular . I want him to feel secure . I want him to feel confident . Confidence breeds distraction . And that is when one is most vulnerable . Such a beautiful boy . Little is known about the sandworms that inhabit the desert regions of Arrakis . It is known that worms are drawn to the vibration and noise of mining activity . However , there is no direct evidence linking desert worms to spice production . Needs a new dew collector . Dew collector ? Chromaplastic . At night it cools very fast . In the morning , daylight heats it . The surface condenses moisture out of the air and it trickles down to keep the plants alive . - A simple beauty . - A meaningless beauty . In such a godforsaken place . We deal here with the law of the minimum . Unless we learn to live with it , conditions can never change . Are you saying that conditions here could change ? Favourable conditions ? To change the ecology of the planet ? That depends . On what ? On who the steward of the desert is . Perhaps one day the person will come who will understand who will see the future and know what can be . The one who will change Arrakis : The Mahdi . You asked me to inquire about the shouting the other day . The words they were calling out at your shuttle . " Mahdi , " something like that . It means " messiah . " They have a legend here , a prophesy that a leader will come to them from off-world . A boy . The only son of a Bene Gesserit . To guide them to true freedom . Messiah ? Paul ? These are a simple people , Milord . They survive on hope . Tell me about the waters of your homeland , Muad 'dib . I 'm sorry , Milord . Mapes didn 't tell me you were in here . No wait . It 's fine . I was tired . I fell asleep . You can go on about your work . Tell me do the cooks use much spice in our food ? The spice is everywhere on Arrakis , Milord . Everywhere . Don 't move . Just do exactly as I say . It 's a hunter-seeker . They will kill you instantly , if you move . Listen to me . The operator , wherever he is can only target movement . Stay perfectly still . Don 't give in . Fear is the mind killer . You 're lucky to be alive . I was its target ? It goes toward movement , that 's all . You could have let it go and saved yourself . There is a traitor among you . Someone close . Someone very close . I want him alive ! Hey , you ! They tried to take the life of my son ! He looks local . - There 's nothing to identify him . - Harkonnen , surely . - And not working alone- - - Stop it , both of you ! Burn him . Everything except the hands . Put some spice in each one and send them to the Baron on Giedi Prime . He almost took the life of my son . Get out , all of you ! Out ! You simple ass . I told you that I wanted those bastard Atreides to feel secure . But no , you couldn 't wait . You had to have your own way . Now your initiative has made them more defensive . Now what , Piter ? Advancing our timetable would seem appropriate at this point . Another blinding burst of insight ! How is it that I am blessed with such extraordinary counsellors as these ? There is , of course , the slight troop-transport problem . Our negotiations with the Spacing Guild are not yet concluded . Damn the Guild and their navigators . Even the Emperor can 't move without the blessing of the Spacing Guild , dear Baron . And what would you suggest , my most devious Mentat ? Offer an increase in spice royalties payable in advance from Rabban 's own reserves- - You are out of your mind , you- - Get on with it , Piter . We must try and turn this setback to our advantage . Perhaps your incompetence will prove useful after all and hasten the day House Atreides must fall . You 're tired , Father . Yes , I am tired . The degeneration of the great houses has worn me out . Our house hasn 't degenerated . Hasn 't it ? Your assassin didn 't arrive here without help . But who could you suspect ? I can only suspect . I can 't prove and there 's suspicion enough to go around . It can 't be Gurney . He knew your assassin would be more valuable alive . Gurney 's impulsive , Father . He doesn 't have that kind of cunning . Or Yueh 's intelligence . Surely not Yueh ? His Suk conditioning would drive him mad first . Never let sentiment cloud your judgement , Son . There is someone . Sooner or later you must face whoever it is . So this is how it works . They sow the seeds of distrust and get us to fear each other . Learn this lesson well , Son . If you want to hold Arrakis , you must be ready to fight fear with fear . Fear and power . That 's our cue . The man in silver is a stillsuit manufacturer in Carthag . An inferior product to the Fremen 's . The hard-faced woman next to him runs an escort service in Arsunt . Impressive client list , I 'm told . By the fireplace , Lingar Bewt , water shipper from the polar region . The man to his right- - A Spacing Guild representative . How could I miss him ? The man with Thufir is Esmar Tuek , smuggler , highly successful . He has fast ships if we need them . Milady , Milord I was honoured by the invitation . You are always welcome here , Dr. Kynes . We found the missing carryall , Milord , hijacked by Harkonnen agents who tried to sell it at a smuggler 's camp . They are now dead . We are indebted to you , sir . Milady will see to it you have everything you need . It will be my pleasure . And my honour , Milady . I understand they lost another harvester to a worm . If they keep this up , they won 't even be able to have enough money to buy water . Gentlemen and ladies , Her Royal Majesty , Princess Irulan Corrino . Your Highness , your attendance is a most welcome delight . My father sends you his enduring respect and affection , my Lord Duke . The Emperor wishes everyone to know of the confidence he has in House Atreides . She brings the Emperor 's Sardaukar killers as her bodyguards . Water customs here are so fascinating don 't you think , Your Highness ? When I arrived , my bathing towels were hurried away almost before I was dry . To save their squeezings , I assume . That 's a safe assumption . Nothing about this place is fascinating . If it weren 't for the spice , no one would bother about it at all . Fortunately enough , for a water seller like you , I would guess . I enjoy watching the flight of birds here on Arrakis . Many exist without any water at all . Carrion eaters , you know , blood drinkers . A curious adaptation , don 't you think ? You mean they are cannibals ? I said they drink blood , not necessarily the blood of their own kind . Why not ? One 's fiercest competition comes from one 's own kind . They eat from the same bowl . It 's said that Fremen drink the blood of their dead . Isn 't that so , Dr. Kynes ? Not the blood , sir . All of a man 's water . A necessity when one lives in the deep desert . The human body is 70 percent water . Surely a dead man no longer requires it . At least here is honest merrymaking . Careful , lad . That spice beer can go to your head before you know it . Play , Gurney . Let 's you and I at least have some peace . When the son of my beloved duke orders me to relax then , by God , I intend to do so . is that how you really feel , Gurney-man about my father ? " Beloved " ? You young pup . If I didn 't know better , I would take those words for an accusation . It was a simple question . Your father rescued me from a Harkonnen slave pit , boy . He took me into his household , groomed me as his war master . The man or woman that raises a hand against him will have it cut off by me , as a prelude to their death . I 'm ashamed of myself doubting you , Gurney-man . That 's enough , lad . No more of this . Gentlemen and ladies , I use the terms loosely of course . I , the Baron Harkonnen have decided that the great seal of our venerable house that confused and ugly Chimera , the griffin no longer adequately represents the ambition of our appetites . Therefore and henceforth , in conclusion and furthermore , ergo and et cetera our ample and royal self from this day forth , and throughout the universe we shall no longer be known as House Harkonnen . We shall be House Hog . Now I know why they say your skill with a knife is exceeded only by your mastery of the baliset , Gurney Halleck . is it Atreides custom to abandon an honoured guest without even the courtesy of a lame excuse ? Forgive me , Your Highness . Careful . Spice beer can go to your head before you know it . So I 've noticed . You were expecting someone more delicate , perhaps ? " Refined " was the word I had in mind , actually . There 's an ancient saying I 've learned to trust : " Never judge a book by its cover . " We are not all that different , Paul Atreides , you and me . You don 't know what you 're talking about . I 've heard all about the moody Paul the grim Paul , the angry and unhappy Paul who has been exiled to Arrakis where , poor boy one day he will inherit responsibility for the greatest treasure in the universe . And a never-ending struggle to defend it . We both suffer the solitude of our birthright . Except that tomorrow you will return to the comfort of your palaces on Kaitain . To the confinement of its perfect gardens and lonely apartments . To your servants and entourage . With their slavish flattery and cautious conversation . As an heir to an Emperor . Who damns my mother for bearing daughters instead of sons . You 're mocking me . No . I 'm trying to interest you . Are you gonna dance with me or just stand there looking confused ? I didn 't want to come here , you know . Being an ornament of my father 's diplomacy is hardly my idea of a good time . But you turned out to be more complicated than your reputation . And I like complicated . We 've been looking for you , Your Highness . So now you 've found me . - Have you been hurt ? - Be still , Captain . The Princess has been under my protection . Oh , please . - Gurney , hold . - Stand down , Captain . - Gurney . - l said stand down , Captain ! It 's late , Highness . The shuttle awaits . I am not ready to go . Your father left strict orders . You see ? Perhaps we should be the adults here . Set an example for our hot-tempered friends . You are more interesting than you appear , Paul Atreides . I hope this won 't be our last encounter . My father will no doubt reward you for such mindless obedience , Captain . Muad 'dib . Muad 'dib . Father ? Duncan ? Forgive the abrupt arrival , Milord . But we 've taken a force of Harkonnen infiltrators . The Fremen found them in the cave of the shield mountains . One of the Fremen , Turok , was badly wounded . - l rushed him here for treatment- - - But he has died . This is Stilgar , Milord leader of Turok 's tribe . We 've heard many things in the desert about Leto Atreides . I hope what you 've heard will be the beginning of a friendship between us . My people have suffered long under the rule of such as you . No , not such as me , nor any of my family . All that changed when the House Atreides came to Arrakis . Duncan ? Paul . Stilgar , this is my son , Paul Atreides . Yes . We have heard about him as well . The Fremen want me to remain with them , Milord . He fights well . And he has done his best for our friend . It will reassure us . Dual allegiance , Milord , to you and to their tribe . There is a precedent . Liet serves two masters . Let it be known among your people , Stilgar , that Duke Leto Atreides honours the sacrifice that your warrior has made on our behalf . I wish nothing but peace between us . We thank you for the gift of your body 's water , Stilgar and accept it in the spirit with which it was given . Duncan Idaho your water now belongs to us . The body of our friend , Turok , remains with your duke . His water now belongs to the Atreides . That is the bond between us . Mapes ? Mapes ! Mapes , who did this ? Who ? Traitor . Who ? Guard dead . Shields . The shields . Gurney ! Yueh ? God forgive me . I have no choice . Why ? Why ? Because I need to save my wife . We haven 't much time . The Harkonnen will be in the palace soon . I 'm giving you the final revenge , Milord for this terrible thing I 've done to you and your family . You will have your revenge , Milord , I promise . Just remember the tooth . The tooth , Milord . When you have the Baron face to face remember the tooth . An Emperor 's Sardaukar . The duke ! Where is the duke ! Not in quarters , sir . We can 't find the young master either . Bastards ! No prisoners . So , as soon as the city is pacified , Piter remove all of the Sardaukar troops to our frigate . No trace of the Emperor 's involvement must ever be found here . Piter . A pity she has to remain gagged . She has such a magnificent mouth . A pretty mouth with the sting of a scorpion . We know all about your Bene Gesserit witchery , my dear . Perhaps I should cut your vocal cords and then Piter could have his way with you . But then again , perhaps not . No blood on my hands . I have no idea what happened to you . So when I see the Emperor 's wrinkled old bitch of a truthsayer I suppose I 'll just have to say , " Don 't know . " Aim for the desert . Let the worms clean up the mess . The bodies must never be found . He looks sufficiently paralysed . My half of the bargain , Baron . I promised you the duke . There he is . Well , it 's a delicious sight , Doctor . Now it 's time for your half . And believe it or not , I 'm a man of my word . Where is she ? You promised we 'd be reunited . You said you 'd free her if I did what you asked . Well , I 've done it . So where is she ? Your wife is free , my good doctor . Completely free . Free of her mortal coil . Free of her physical cage . I 've freed her . I promised you 'd be reunited , and I 'm a man of my word . As now you can see . You think you 've defeated me . Never trust a traitor . Not even one you create . My noble duke , are you enjoying the show ? I hope so . I kept you alive so you could witness every precious moment of your betrayal . What ? Paul . Oh , the boy . I don 't know , I left him to the desert , he and that gorgeous woman of yours . My men left them to explore the beauty of the sands of Arrakis . Perhaps they 'll see some worms . We couldn 't have all that noble blood all over our hands , could we ? The Emperor was quite insistent about that . Yes your beloved Emperor . Just goes to show , never get more popular than the boss . Unless you intend to sack him . Did I say that ? How impolitic of me . I must be spending too much time with that idiot nephew of mine , Rabban . You won 't say anything will you , my dear man ? Perhaps we should get on with it , then . Get on with it ? This is kanly , Piter ! Vendetta ! And I am going to savour every minute of it . My family has hated the Atreides for generations . They have been the sand in our eyes , the stink at our meals these arrogant Atreides , always standing in our way . I want Leto to appreciate the beauty of what I 've done to him . I want him to know that I , Baron Vladimir Harkonnen am the instrument of his family 's demise the extinction of House Atreides and the ascendance of House Harkonnen . The tooth . What did he say ? Tooth . What did he say , Piter ? The tooth . No ! Need you more proof of what heaven 's choice is ? Atreides is dead , and Harkonnen lives ! He 's dead . Father 's dead . - What are you doing ? - We won 't survive long in the open . We must find shelter . But Harkonnen patrols . Worms . We have to take our chances . One of ours ? We can 't take the chance . Could be Harkonnen coming to finish the job . Hurry ! Harkonnen patrol ships are in the area , approaching fast . Strap in . - What is this place ? - A Fremen sietch . A small one . There 's a storm coming . We can stay here until it passes . Liet , we must talk . Rest here . How did you know where to find us ? Dr. Yueh sent a courier . Said you were being taken to the bled , south of the mountain shield . Milord I 'm supposed to give you this . Harkonnen patrols are in the area . - They tracked our thopter . - They called you Liet . You 're the one , aren 't you ? The one who 's never seen , the one who may not even exist at all . Their leader . I prefer the term " guide " to " leader . " Guiding them ? Until Mahdi comes . Harkonnen thopters approaching . Milord . - You 're coming with us ? - No . - They 'll kill you . - Me ? I 'm Dr. Kynes . I work for the Emperor , you remember ? I 'll just say I was your hostage . Milord , please . I must remain with the Fremen , Milord , as I promised your father . Just hold on . We can 't lose them . Paul , the storm . We can 't go into that . We have no choice . Nothing survives one of those storms . Unless they want to die , they won 't follow us in , will they ? I must not fear . Fear is the mind killer . I will face my fear , and I will let it pass through me . When the fear is gone there will be nothing . Only I will remain . There is a legend that the night House Atreides lost Arrakis a star exploded in the skies above their homeland on Caladan . No . Another bad dream , Uncle ? No , it 's indigestion , that 's all , miserable food here . I can 't wait to be off this foul planet . What are you doing here , boy ? They 're dead , Uncle . The Bene Gesserit witch and her son , both dead . We discovered a Fremen sietch not far from where our thopter crashed . They 'd been rescued by that Atreides snake , Duncan Idaho . The ecologist , Kynes , was with them . The Emperor 's man . We killed Idaho , captured Kynes . The witch and her son were last seen driving a thopter into a sandstorm . - You 've seen the bodies ? - They 're most certainly dead . You 've seen the bodies ? Nothing survives one of those storms , Uncle . The wind was over 800 kilometres an hour . Nothing survives . How long have I been asleep ? Not long . The storm passed a little while ago . It was Yueh . He 's the one who betrayed us . They had his wife . You should put it on , Paul . You 're the duke now . We have to get out of here . I found some supplies stowed in the compartment by the hatch : Paracompass , vision goggles , stillsuits . - But where will we go ? - To find the Fremen . Fremen ? We 're going to need them to take back Arrakis . How do we know which way to go ? South . That 's into the deep desert . There were rumours of sietch communities there . That 's where we 'll find the Fremen or die trying . I 'm all right . It 's just the stress. I 'm fine . Please , Your Majesty , please . You must control your anger . Did you think I wouldn 't find out ? Or did you think I would just be too simple-minded to see the truth ? Leave us alone . What happened on Arrakis was beyond my control , Daughter . An ancient feud between royal houses . Don 't patronise me , Father . Isn 't it enough that you used me ? Used you ? Sending me to the duke as a token of your support making me a courier of your esteemed respect ... - ... while you were plotting behind his back . - Quiet , child . Or was that your idea , Fenring ? That would be something your perverse mind would suggest . - Watch your tongue , girl . - And what will you do if I don 't ? Send me into the desert to die like that poor boy and his mother ? No one sent them anywhere . They fled . Despite the Baron 's efforts he assures me he did everything he could to secure them from harm . You were involved , Father . I know you were . Or at least you did nothing to prevent it . Enough ! There will come a time , Daughter when you will have to shed this naiveté of yours and learn what it means to rule an empire . And when that time comes , Father you may learn to regret it . It 's only another few kilometres , that 's all . Hurry , we don 't have much time . The sun will soon be up full . We 'll have some shade in here . If there are Harkonnen patrols this far out , they 'll have a tough time spotting us . Such a pity . A pity that you had to get mixed up in this business , Doctor . I 'm not mixed up in it , Baron . I 'm the Emperor 's servant , nothing more and nothing less . So you did not lead them to that warren of Fremen scum ? That was Idaho 's idea . - He had forged a friendship with them . - Yes . We know all about Idaho and his efforts on the duke 's behalf . A foolish , desperate gambit . And where was that Fremen trash when he needed them ? What will you say when the Emperor questions you about what happened here ? What 's your impression ? The desert is an indiscriminate executioner , Baron . I suppose that Bene Gesserit whore and her spawn have found that out , haven 't they ? Be sure he recalls his flimsy denials when he 's face to face with death 's sweet smile . Muad 'dib . Tell me about the waters of your homeland , Muad 'dib . On Caladan we ruled by air and sea , Paul . But here , on Arrakis , you need desert power . - It 's calling to you . - Tell me about the waters . Tell me about the waters of your homeland , Muad 'dib . It 'll be night soon . We 'll move on . Did you get any rest ? Some . - How are you feeling ? - Better . Try not to slow us down as much tonight . How is my sister ? I 'm having dreams again . Visions . Even when I 'm awake . I 've seen her , Mother , inside of you . Even your father didn 't know . Why not ? There wasn 't time . What have you done to me ? - l gave birth to you . - A freak . - No , not a freak . - Then what ? This place is changing me . It 's the spice . It 's in the air we breathe , in the food we eat . I can 't escape it . Drink it all . The best place to conserve water is in your body . The stillsuit will do the rest . If we stay on this dune we 'll reach those mountains a lot sooner . is that a good idea ? It 's the most direct path . You all right ? Yes . Hold on . That shouldn 't have happened . I was careless about these dunes . We lost our paracompass . Can you hear that ? It 's a worm ! It must have heard the sand fall . Run ! Just run ! - l can 't see it ! - Don 't stop ! A thumper ? Someone called it away . Did you smell it ? The cinnamon smell . The spice . Everywhere . When the worm came . There had to have been people for this many plants to survive . Fremen . We have to find them . Most intruders here regret finding the Fremen . Don 't run , intruders . There is no escape . I know you . You 're Stilgar the Fremen who came to see my father with Duncan Idaho . That was a sloppy crossing you made from the crash . You called a worm . You were watching us ? - All of that time ? - We didn 't see you . - You weren 't meant to . - We 're wasting time here , Stil . - This is the boy Liet told us to seek . - How can you be sure ? - l say we take their water and move on . - Be quiet , Jamis . As you can hear , I have a problem to solve . My people are cautious and pragmatic . Good qualities in the desert . Better sometimes to miss an opportunity than invite disaster . Your only value at the moment is the water in your flesh . You know the law , Stil . Yes . The law . Tell them to stop hunting my son . Tell them . Leave off ! Leave the boy alone ! Do you hear me ? is this the way you welcome friends of Liet ? is it ? As leader of this tribe I 'm offering the Weirding woman and her son sanctuary . No Fremen will lay a hand on you while you have my protection . For how long ? Don 't be a fool , woman . You 're fugitives from the Harkonnen . Don 't be fugitives from us as well . Merciful God ! I 've heard of the Weirding ways . Imagine what a man could do with it . No doubt we have much to teach each other . You can come down , boy ! Your mother has shown her worth . He won 't move unless I say so . Discipline . Good . He 's here ! He is unharmed . We are coming down . Leave me alone . Made a lot of noise climbing . He has much to learn . - Stilgar . - Can you travel , Jamis ? He surprised me , that 's all . - Of course I can travel . - Good . We have now two with us who are not trained . In squad lines with flankers . We have to make Cave of Ridges before full sun . Chani , you will be responsible for him . My name is Paul . Only until we give you a new one . Follow me . Do exactly as I do . Across there is home Sietch Tabr . We 'll be there tomorrow . Tomorrow ? That must be hundreds of kilometres from here . It will be a hard ride . Sun will be up soon . Patrols sometimes come this far . We can 't let them see us . When you give us your stillsuits , we will recover your water for you . Here is some food . Spice . We don 't have delicacies from the cities like you are used to . It 's fine . She 's the one , isn 't she ? The one you 've seen in your dreams ? I can tell by the way you stare at her . I don 't know what it means . Be careful , Paul . We are new to these people as they are to us . Everything we say and do must be careful . Predicting the future , then plotting to make it so . These are superstitious people . If we are to survive , it will be best to accommodate their legends . I 'm the steward of the sand . I am a desert creature . A desert creature . Not finished yet ! Still have work to do ! The pre-spice mass . I am a desert crea- - Spice blow . Somewhere to the east . A large field from the looks of it . We have to send gatherers before Harkonnen pirates come for it . You harvest the spice ? For bribes to the Spacing Guild . It 's Liet 's wish . We pay them to keep our skies free of their satellites so that no one can know what we are doing here . You will learn . Amtal ! I invoke amtal . Jamis . What is this ? His way of dealing with what happened the other night . That was an accident . He bested me because there was witch-force at Tuono basin . Amtal ! It 's my right ! We must not interfere . Jamis has called him out . You 're starting something you 're going to regret . - Stilgar . - You must step back . If you know what 's good for you , you 'll find an honourable way to leave this thing alone . Silence ! I invoke silence . She 's trying to put a spell on me . If you try that again , we know it 's your witchcraft . I won 't be able to protect you or the boy anymore . Come . You can 't stop this . A crysknife , our ritual weapon . Use it well . May your blade chip and shatter . I 'm going to bathe this knife with your blood . First , you 'll have to find my blood . - Do you yield ? - Yield ? There is no yielding. lt 's to the death , boy ! - He 's never had to kill . - What ? Then he 'd better learn . Finish . Don 't toy with him . He 's bested Jamis . This didn 't have to happen . It is our way . Your way . Killing each other . No man recognises leadership without the challenge of combat . There is a legend among us that a voice from the out-world will come . The Mahdi . He will hold the key to our future . It is said that a Bene Gesserit will be his mother . A Sayyadina . Friend of God . There are rumours about you and your son . From the city . Liet . You hope I am that one ? That Paul is ? I hope and I fear . If it 's true , your boy will have to call me out one day to challenge me for the leadership of the tribe . The huanui is prepared. it 's time . It 's our way . From water does all life begin . The flesh belongs to the person but his water belongs to the tribe . I was a friend of Jamis . When the hawk plane fell upon us at Hole-in-the-Rock it was Jamis who pulled me to safety . I was a friend of Jamis . I was a friend of Jamis . I was a friend of Jamis . He taught me that when you kill you pay for it . He sheds tears . He gives water to the dead . Jamis carried 33 litres of the tribe 's water . Counted and measured . Combat water is entrusted to the winner . Because you fight without stillsuit you may regain the water you lost fighting . May you guard it for the tribe , preserve it against loss be generous with it in time of need . May you pass it on in your time for the good of the tribe . Needs a naming now , Stil . It 's time . What would you have us call you , young Atreides ? By what name do you wish Fremen to know you ? What is the name of that little mouse ? The one in the desert . The one that jumps . Muad 'dib . is that the name you wish ? Yes . Muad 'dib . Wise in the ways of the desert . Hiding from the sun . Travelling at night . We call him the " teacher of boys . " Muad 'dib . A fine choice . So , from now on you will be addressed as Muad 'dib . Wait for my signal . Then you must do exactly as I do . Your lives will depend on it . There . Get ready . What is that ? The one who will come . Mahdi . It 's the gatherer Stilgar sent to the spice blow . Give her some time , Muad 'dib . Liet is dead . - We found his remains at the spice blow . - Doctor Kynes is dead ? Harkonnen treachery . She loved her father very much . It needs a new dew collector . Tell me about the waters of your homeland , Muad 'dib . We had rivers of it . Great flowing veins of water . From the snows of mountains into lakes so wide you couldn 't see the other side . Oceans of water . Our home was on the coast . Great waves would hurl themselves against the cliffs . They used to put me to sleep . My father had a dream , Muad 'dib . A dream that one day we could change this place make it more like your homeland . Windtrap . Plenty of moisture this morning . My father is at peace . Muad 'dib . We have thousands of these caches . Only a few of us know them all . I know this place . - No off-worlder has ever seen it . - l have . In my dreams . This is the water we will use to change the face of Arrakis . As my father taught us the voice from the out-world will come . The Mahdi . We will make a paradise of Arrakis . And no man shall ever want for water again . Come . You summoned me , Highness ? - l have a special errand for you , Farrah . - l 'm here to serve , Milady . I 'm sending you to the Harkonnen planet , Giedi Prime . I want you to insinuate yourself among the fat Baron 's family . His nephew , Feyd , the narcissistic type should be especially amenable to your expert charms . And how will you want me to use him ? I want to know what happened the night Duke Leto and his family were killed . I want to know how it was planned who was involved and I want to know who the Harkonnen allies were . I 'll do my best . I 've no doubt of that . Just as you said , Stil . Harkonnen greed for spice is the most reliable beacon in the universe . - Reconnaissance team on the ground . - Ground recon proceed to spice patch . Anyone else hear that ? We didn 't even have to damage the thopter . The men will fly it to our caves at Bight . That was our last communication . No mayday or wreckage when we went to investigate . That 's the third thopter this month ! The patch turned out to be mock spice . - lt was probably a plant to lure them there . - Fremen scum ! We caught these last night , a village near the rimwall known to be desert sympathisers . Mercy , Governor . We are refugees . - We need food . - Liar ! Spies ! That 's what you are ! Spies for the Fremen scum ! Fremen scum who raid my spice warehouses ! - Who destroy royal equipment ! - No . We are poor . We have no weapons . He was trying to dispose of this when we caught him . Send words to the filth of the desert ! Tell them what you witness here ! Tell them this is what awaits them ! Mahdi ! Put that away , Feyd , and come here . I want you to see this . The latest love letter from your brother . Mahdi ! Appears to be enjoying himself . The moron 's appetite for killing never ceases to amaze me . By the time he 's finished , there won 't be a population left to rule . Cheer up , lovely boy . I merely allow him to brutalise them , to savage them , until you arrive the handsome Feyd , to rescue them from the beast , Rabban . They will be ripe for you , lovely boy . Feyd , the saviour . There will be cheering in the streets . You can even give them your brother 's head as a gift , if you like . And then you will squeeze , like the grips of a vice so our treasuries become fat with the profit of spice . No man recognises leadership without the challenge of combat . It is the way . Call him out ! What do you see Muad 'dib when you go away like that ? Where is it you go ? Many places , Stil . Many roads . Many choices . These choices are good or bad ? It 's hard to know sometimes . Either they are good choices or bad choices . Aren 't you ever afraid , Stil ? Of storms ? Of the future . The future , Muad 'dib , just is . They 're like ghosts ! Everywhere ! Need immediate evacuation ! They just keep coming ! Need immediate evacuation ! We are ready , Muad 'dib . Muad 'dib , it 's time . We must hurry . He 's waiting , Reverend Mother . - Who else knows he 's here ? - No one . He made it clear on his arrival that we should summon you and no other . The other witches must leave . As you wish . This visit is as indiscreet as it is unexpected . Let 's hope the Emperor 's curiosity isn 't aroused . The Emperor 's suspicions are easily moderated by his dependence on our services . As you are so fond of reminding us . The navigators are concerned . - Concerned ? - They are disturbed about the future . There is a problem on the horizon . What kind of problem ? They are troubled by a nexus they can 't fully explore an intersection of events a meeting of countless delicate decisions beyond which lies a path they cannot see . And where is this nexus ? Planet Arrakis . House Harkonnen controls Arrakis now . The Atreides are dead . It is not a matter of feuding royal houses . We sense a higher order interfering . A misstep could be catastrophic . Then we understand one another . Completely . We 'll do what we can . I thought I felt something . The spice must flow . The balance of power must be maintained . Sayyadina ? I 'm awake , Chani . Has there been any word , a courier perhaps ? No . The raids are in the Haga basin . They won 't risk communication until they are deep across the bled . - Forgive me , Sayyadina . - Was there something else ? No . It 's just your skin . My skin ? We 've heard the stories about off-worlders the ones who come from water planets . Skin so moist it 's like cream . - Muad 'dib 's skin is like that . - Paul ? Muad 'dib is still a boy . I mean , he still has the glow of youth . Yes . I say my prayers for his safe return . We both do , Chani . The smugglers transport our spice tribute to the cursed Spacing Guild . The Emperor never knows . But bribes are dangerous , Stil . They have a way of getting larger . The safe way is the slow way , Muad 'dib . Bribes keep the skies of our sietches clear . Bribes buy us time . Something wrong , Muad 'dib ? I thought I saw someone I knew . I 'll call them in . Tell them to hold the smugglers ' departure . No , Stil . Let them go . I must have been mistaken . Gurney . My father 's patience is wearing thin . These troubles on Arrakis are proving difficult to manage and our time is running short . I want you to make arrangements for a trip to Giedi Prime . Milady ? The Baron 's nephew is having a birthday celebration . The Emperor ought to be represented , don 't you think ? I 'm in the mood for a party . Besides , it 's time to shed some of this naiveté . She is not going ! I 'm not going to allow that headstrong , meddlesome child loose in Babylon . My God , what a catastrophe that would be . The eldest daughter of the Imperial House ensnared by the likes of Harkonnen and his dreadful progeny . Yes , catastrophe indeed . But perhaps the seducer could be seduced . The more we know of the Baron 's schemes , the more we are prepared for the endgame . Our operatives on Giedi Prime have limited access . Your daughter , on the other hand has proved quite adept at intelligence gathering . Gently chaperoned , I should think she 'd prove quite useful once again . You 've heard the voices from your sietches . They say the Mahdi has come . But you the naibs of your tribes are still cautious . You resist . But I am offering you the future . The future as Liet saw it . - How do you know what Liet saw ? - Because I 've seen it . Here . And here . And once we rid Arrakis of the vile Harkonnen we can complete his dream . I promise this . Arrakis will become the paradise Liet imagined . You 'll never rid Arrakis with guerrilla raids , boy . It will take all-out war . That 's why I 'm asking you for hundreds of your best young men . I want to give them the Weirding way so they can come back to you and train hundreds more . So those hundreds can train hundreds more . And then hundreds will become thousands ! The Fedaykin . A force to rival the dreaded Sardaukar . A force to terrify the Emperor himself ! My father once told me that here on Arrakis one needed desert power to rule . You are desert power and nothing can stop you if you believe . So you are the one . Jessica of the Weirding , our Reverend Mother Ramallo . Mapes said you were beautiful . She also said she pitied you . I need no one 's pity . That remains to be seen . There is much talk of you in the sietches . I hear the people speaking of the Mahdi . I hear them shout the name Muad 'dib . He is a natural leader like his father . The men admire his courage . It will take more than courage to survive what 's coming . The boy he knows what it is that 's happening here ? He is aware . You 've exploited our legends well . We had to survive . And you may for a while . But remember this : the very legend which protects you can also destroy you . - How are you feeling ? - Well . Tired sometimes . Healthy . And growing fast . I saw the one they call the Reverend Mother . Yes . She came from the southern sietch . - Why ? - To see me . To see you . She 's Bene Gesserit . One of our missionaries . Convenient . Stilgar says you 've learned much . He 's tougher than Hawat ever was . Chani is happy to see you , I noticed . Why didn 't you marry him , Mother ? Because I loved him . As long as your father remained unmarried some of the great houses could still hope for an alliance through marriage . We both knew what that meant . - There were no illusions . - You would have allowed it ? I would have encouraged it . Politics . Yes . Politics . While I was on the hajra I had dreams about this garden . Except it wasn 't here , it was somewhere else . Was I there ? Yes . And there were children playing , very happy . A wonderful dream . Do you think it 's possible to love someone enough you 'd be willing to give that person up ? I think there are times when it 's necessary to share the one you love with things greater than both of you . Everything is connected , one thing to another . The living and the dead , the animate and the inanimate . A system . All parts functioning to serve the whole . Smell the air , Muad 'dib . Cinnamon . The pre-spice mass is below us . Maybe 100 feet or more , but ripe . The Maker has left her nest long ago . Her children have joined together for survival . They have grown . They are losing water now . It will mix with their waste . If enough has accumulated a giant bubble of foam will heave up with tremendous force . A spice blow . Trading places with the sands above . The sun and heat will dry it out and soon ... . - Spice . - Treasure of the universe . The worm is the spice . So now you know . Many of the little makers will die in the blow . The rest will swim off to become Shai-hulud , the Great Worm . We may capture a few . Keep them stunted for Water of Life . That 's enough for now . When religion and politics ride in the same cart the whirlwind follows . You are the Kwisatz Haderach , boy . The one who can be many places at once . You are the whirlwind . It 's almost night , Muad 'dib . Time to return to the sietch . You 've been dreaming .
