 Starting the landing , over . Provided , proceeding to land , 900 meters . July 20 , 1969 . Astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin became the first men to land on the moon . This is only a small um step for man , one giant leap for humanity . As aliens , arrived from another world . That was a matter of SciFi However , everything that could imagine , seemed possible . If humanity could travel through space , and go to other planets , that beings from other planets , could not visit the Earth ? During this period , the modern science about UFOs , emerged a new theory where aliens visited Earth in ancient times . and were regarded as gods . If that is true would have evidence ? Maybe yes . all we need to is to open our eyes and our imagination . Probably always testing stood by our elrededor . In May 2008 There was a bewildering Vatican statement For the first time in 2000 years of history , the Catholic Church admitted the possibility it can be life intelligence on other planets and that the belief alien does not contradict our belief in God . Clearly , it means that now We are entering an era , where the universe begins to be conceived different ways as was conceived before . And if that is a reality for us that could not be a reality for other beings in the universe , which could have visited our world and perhaps driven culture in ancient times ? But that was what led to the church suddenly change their ideas ? It would have been influenced by Recent scientific discoveries ? It could be said that we just replacing los angeles 2,000 years ago by High Tech Angels and we have an inner need that we are not alone in the universe . We should be ashamed to call them angels because we believe in such superstition and we believe extraterrestrial life In 2002 , the probe Mars Odyssey detected enormous reserves of ice below the Martian surface The presence of ice and the water having posobilidad suggests that life could have been maintained or even created on another planet After decades of probes and robotic space vehicles the idea of sending the man back to space to Mars and Beyond , rekindled the imagination and brought back the idea that humanity and aliens already crossed before In 1968 , just one year before of the historic space trip Neil Armstrong published a book that changed forever the way that many in the communities scientific , religious and creative saw their own planet Written by the Swiss writer Erich von Daniken , " Memories of the Future " Let 's try to prove that explorers aliens had already visited the earth thousands of years ago When he was young , I had a Catholic education as a pupil in a school And there , we had to do Bible translations from Greek into Latin , and the Latin into German For example , in the first Book of Moses Before the Lord decended sacred mountain Moses was commanded to build a gate around the mountain Otherwise , the Israelites would be harmed I was shocked ! I said : " That 's impossible ! " My God would never use a gate to protect or protect the Israelites What are you talking about ? And then the work began I started to read thousands of pages on the beginning of religions of all mythologies The story is always the same Obiamente different names and heroes Someone descended from the heavens humans Our ancestors could not understand . and believed they were gods I was shocked and I ask : Early humans would have been the alien influenced by and no gods ? And if it was as I thought , Where is the evidence ? then try to find even if some tracks and that 's what I did in these last 45 years There is pictorial evidence , archaeological artifacts and all kinds of ancient literature Hundreds of tests that can not be denied but We need new explanations on human origins We may not be alone in the universe and humans , as creatures arrived here from another planet from somewhere in the cosmos . That was a good theory to me . It was strong , was a new way to see the past Ancient Civilizations And that modernized the whole conception space-time " Memories of the Future " created a sensation due among other things , the popular reaction books such as " Dune " by Frank Herbert a television series like Star Trek and a movie like 2001 A Space Odyssey . It was the right time because everyone was talking about space travel possible or possibility alien That was wonderful to see all that together but it was not planned I was accused of chosen this very moment to have calculated everything . And it was not calculated , unintentionally . Because I was writing this history since he was a student Since its first edition , Von Daniken 's book already had 40 editions and can be read in over 30 languages But " Memories of the Future " was a best-seller should never be published I sent 20 manuscripts 20 German publishers Nobody was interested . The manuscript was returned to me 20 times " It 's not professional " " We are not interested " and all the rest . After a Swiss newspaper Public parts of the book in a weekly column sold more than ten thousand books before they hit the market It was a huge bestseller , initially in Switzerland then in Germany and then the rest of the world They had to print continuously . Absolutely incredible ! In 1970 he turned into documentary and released in cinemas followed by dozens bestseller sold and a growing legion of fans and supporters " Memories of the Future " was tremendously influential He told people what They wanted to believe As a child , " Memories of the Future " was one of the first books I read . I was reading in his spare time , I devoured . Always wanted more ! That book I love . Brought to light new issues . Von Daniken and revealed many abnormalities history what the great archaeologists failed to respond He had a large and revolutionary new idea that God was the alien who came to the planet and helped create civilization When I first read " Memories of the Future " could not release the book because it answered many of the questions I had And it was a great combination of archeology and adventure . It is a wonderful way world view and try to uncover the mysteries of antiquity I think it was a catalyst for people like me speaking of mysteries , of the unusual and paranormal The paved the way for many of us to discuss these strange stories And it continues to grow and is going to be increasing People want answers questions they themselves fail to answer But in spite of the enormous popularity of the book or perhaps because of it , theories of Von Daniken were neglected by scientists and ridiculed by theologians Obviously genre a storm of controversy I was completely attacked especially by journals . They said : " This making it all up , is a liar , a fraud . " There is not one bit of evidence in the theory of Von Daniken not attributable the human engineering to technology and development Do not try to reduce these writings to a scientific work Or try to reduce these writings an explanation of our modern world I do not expect the scientific community hug me and kiss me and I say , " Great , great . " We have to live with criticism , This is normal . " Memories of Fututro " was full of speculation He had 238 points of interrogation And no one could read the questions Always saying : " The sr . Daniken says ... " I did not say , I asked a question only It would be a possibility In " Memories of the Future " Make clear the differences between facts and speculation . Like many of the theories of Von Daniken are controversial adherents point with tangible evidence For example , like this secular map may show a portion of land which was discovered only recently ? The mapping indicated seems have been made at a time Antarctica where possessed no ice and that was millions of years ago How could a primitive civilization have knowledge of electricity or even build a computer ? It would be like will find yourself A jet plane in the tomb of King Toth And for those who mysterious images barely visible from great heights were made ? The drawings were made by someone who flies no other way . Could the theory of Von Daniken that the gods were indeed extraterrestrial visitors contain any basis Scientific serious ? The response includes a worldwide search even well before our eyes If aliens visited earth thousands of years ago as they would have tried our ancestors to communicate with them ? Would have no concrete evidence your stay here ? One answer may be in the Nazca desert in Peru . There , in an area that extends for about 80 km many figures and patterns geometric decorate the landscape If you fly through this desert , some lines will These lines remind runways They begin and end abruptly The longest line is 23 km In a straight line without curves . That 's incredible . It ends in a kind of runway Between the lines large and small , are gigantic figures on the ground Figures of fish , apes of spiders , primates But what impresses most is that can only be seen from the air . They built them , the people or someone the constructed for hundreds , or even Thousands of years ago . No erosion because the conditions of these areas in Peru are so ... No wind and no change Climatic There spiders , apes and several images which seem to say : " Hello up there , here we are " It means something . When I was young and I first went to Nazca I realized that what had on land lines was a white substance like salt scrape some pieces and put them in the mouth but it seemed salt had no taste for anything I went to the hotel and mix in water Hot and cold but nothing change , then I asked the University of Dresden to take some samples and analyze under the microscope and what they found was crystallized glass We could not understand then safely that there is something in Nazca But still I have no answer why . Because the next step would be excavated . But we were not allowed Nazca is a sacred place nobody can make changes or do something Many contradictory statements suggest that the lines could be irrigation channels or giant astronomical calendars or roads , perhaps used to religious purposes Nazca watching from the air , um seems to airport . And how ! It has all these white lines airstrips that appear crisscrossing and also has gigantic Straight Lines that extend for kilometers over valleys and mountains Again there is the idea that man created it , but what reason ? It was to show the gods in space vehicles the location of wells or something ? We are not sure of why they would do that . Seemed that they were safely Points to people trying who were in the air flying in space or on earth During the Second World War American troops built air bases in remote islands Pacific ocean To the natives , who never had seen the advanced technology the vision of giant metal birds landing they seemed as if the gods were doing a pitstop on Earth they saw the aircraft posing and it was all a technology that ... came from heaven They did not know how they worked , but saw alight And as they saw ? They were given free stuff , gave them cargo And suddenly when the war ended these tracks were abandoned And they all were . And the Islanders began to ask It was not good when all these planes came from heaven and they gave us canned meat ? We love the cargo Religions took advantage of that The priests were instructed to these were our dead ancestors sending nós burden . sending cargo And they did then ? They began to go to the abandoned tracks and to build false aircraft to ensure that the planes would return from heaven to bring canned meat again It could be an analogy between the modern cargo cult Aliens and astronauts of antiquity followed by something that happened in the past and where whole religion appeared around the astronauts of the past But the great figures geographical are not the only mystery of Nazca Nazca flew for days hanging from the plane with a camera and taking pictures without stopping . I have more or less over 4000 photos of Nazca This is really fascinating This is a picture that checks that this mountain was artificially flattened because when compared with surrounding mountains see grooves on both sides and here is flat This is absolutely incredible It is one of the most incredible photos I took in Nazca It is shocking that the removal , debris from the top of the mountain disappeared , are not in any place are not in the valley that this down are not in any place Area What happened to him ? because all the surrounding mountains have their peaks They are there ! And there are other mountains flat as a table with lines at the top , seem tracks Another question : that the extraterrestrial visitors made these designs in the dry desert of Peru ? Let 's say , hypothetically , a ship arrives on Earth and intend to quickly examine that is this planet Nazca would be the ideal place to go for Samples and experiments because still today , Nazca is one of the most abundant areas world 's raw materials There is everything is gold , uranium ... what we get is basically a digital printing of planet Earth If you are going to Nazca and immediately discovers all what is the Earth because all the raw materials are there in large quantities we believe that it was not a simple artistic inspiration . It 's really strange believe that ... these natives in Peru wanted to create a work large-scale art as a work of art of these proportions can not be merely created the difficulty of being created . The Nazca lines are so huge in size puedian only be admired by beings that can fly You could say the same thing the Great Wall of China But the great wall have a purpose . that is military and political Someone could have done the lines of Nazca as a spiritual work as a spiritual object of worship purportedly religious worship The fact that we do not understand the purpose of the thing leads to tremendous speculation Could the people of that time simply say : " We 're going to do something for the gods ? " But those who are gods to these people ? That came down and lived a time with them ? They made these pictures as a kind of celebration to them ? Who knows ? Nazca and no figures are all , as seen from Earth you have to fly over them . They are made by someone who flies . There is no other way ! I hope that the archaeologists sooner or later reach the same conclusion But if visitors from other planets were seen as gods , should not be record of them ? Perhaps the answer can be found well against us In one of the most shocking places all THE BIBLE Ironically , the belief Von Daniken that the earth was visited in the past by beings from other planets is entirely consistent with his belief in God and the Bible It 's only a matter of interpretation What is needed to understand that I had a deep belief in God Even though I believe in God God never lost my But for a young man , my God had to be powerful My God did not need a vehicle to move a vehicle to get from point A to B The Old Testament cited by Christians There are several passages of God and his angels visiting the earth Sometimes these visits was accompanied by large noise and smoke In the book of Ezekiel , for example the prophet claims to have witnessed a visit of the heavenly beings from the sky , on board a fantastic flying machine According to Von Daniken This is a detailed description the vision of a UFO It 's amazing ! Ezekiel not only describes what he sees , also describes what he hears He described the whole thing as the glory of God The prophet also describes in detail winged creatures with four heads that the light was similar humans and traveling in a vehicle bright spherical In this vision of the Glory of God had something like a throne and there was someone sitting on the like a human bright clothes Below he saw Some vehicles , saw wings He describes the noise of wings like the sound of a cascade Ezekiel saw a wheel within another That seems rather high tech instead of something supernatural and we can not expect people 3000 years ago differentiate knew supernatural High technology But if there were more in the visions of Ezekiel the mere imagination of a religious man ? And if there was a scientific basis ? Once I had the opportunity to find me spending time and traveling with a man named Josef Blumrich He was an engineer NASA 's senior involved in the expeditions Mariner probe to Mars He was also responsible undercarriage of the Mariner He told me that the idea Mariner Design that mark on Mars was inspired by a biblical text speaking of wheels within Wheel We have here another example the man 's curiosity which conceives all these ideas Another biblical figures . that also fascinated to Von Daniken was the character called Enoq Enoq is not part of the Bible in the Bible , the Old Testament there is only one sentence on Enoq but in the Apocrypha there is much written about him Alli Enoq find the book Was the first person Enoq of antiquity to write in first person " I did , I listen , I was there . " In one of the ancient texts Noah this visabueloabuelo says he was taken by God 300 years for He was taken to heaven Up there , he met the " Almighty . " in religion God is called He met the " Almighty " who ordered his servants " Teach the young our language , then teach them to write . " Then he wrote the books Obviously , he knows all these strangers by name On the appointment by name know their professions The aliens know which of these astronomer was So Enoq is the first and only that thousands of years ago gives us the names of some alien and professions How is it possible ? We have an eyewitness and no mention of the issue ? I was very confused That is the argument that supporters Von Daniken would say of Because it is so absurd appear alien when it is perfectly acceptable God intervenes in human history ? The difference is that Von Daniken claims that the alien comes to bring Technology for development of civilizations basically they were objects new ideas and technologies and those civilizations evolved because of that Meanwhile , according to the Bible God gave mankind Watch any magic or a new missile that could have defeated enemies The god instructs at least according to the Bible about living . and not on how to build new things development of a specifies civilization We consider Ezekiel 's chariot as a UFO ? The ancients used myths metaphors and images descibed for their experiences with God We can not fall into a kind of fundamentalist literalism The stories of the Old Testament come from a people of that time adapted to their own context to make sense of the experience of God we have some flashes through Reading the Old Testament and reading about the coach Ezekiel But you can make an analogy between their coach and a UFO When these stories were written writing had just been invented The first thing I wrote was what happened to them It was so important so urgent , as important to them they had to write Because modern society unable to accept these stories could be true ? The research of Von Daniken lift test on other controversial Extraterrestrial phenomena and not just those of the Bible Almost all religions have similar stories of deities with powers and spectacular skills who came to earth and affected the life of humanity In repnte one day , I said : Come ! There are similar stories in many ancient religions Are they talking about alien ? These so-called Gods are here , they gave orders forced to humans do certain things and one day disappeared but always with the promise of return in the distant future If as I believe , peoples of ancient civilizations were familiar with space travel if they could communicate humanoid beings other planets then I think we expect to discover evidence of this found in the literature Epics in Sanskrit , in India contain numerous descriptions of Vimanas or mythical flying machines One of those records data more than 5000 years In the Bhagavad Purana , an old narrative historical in Sanskrit describes a spacecraft which was piloted by a king named Shalva was described as made metal and sometimes appeared in two places at once and that was moving in the sky like a butterfly And these descriptions correspond what people report today when they see on UFO In other texts in Sanskrit , such as the Mahabharata , Rigveda and the Ramayana , descriptions can be found of vimanas with more than 30 meters long and equipped with the skills modern aircraft A vimana produces a light as that destroys the target with his strength It 's like a Buck Rogers movie or Flash Gordon of the 30s are seen as science fiction raw People fly in ships calls spatial vimanas shooting each other aerial battles destroying entire towns And the funny thing is that all these stories are fully accepted in modern society of India I do not think we can say that these descriptions are just imagination because despite having been written thousands of years ago they correspond to stories current UFO sightings Serian these mythological stories just the fruit of fantasy ? or it will be really succeeded E tried describing them as much as I could ? That seems more plausible I could say that would be a unemployed in India because if I speak of there aliens and gods of antiquity them I would say : " Right and what is new ? " Returning to the theory extraterrestrial visits the theory of ancient aliens can be based on two types of example There is evidence that can be read such as the ancient writings and there is evidence that can be seen Among those that can see fossil specimens are countless drawings in caves and rock and stone sculptures all over the world The pictures are worth a thousand words . With absolute certainty , For example when viewing pictures in a cave in Italy which show two astronauts helmets which could then mean ? Any of these ancient pictures or statues show people wearing strange clothes for the season and carrying accessories uncommon in the head But they really represent alien astronauts visitors from other worlds who sat on the ground thousands of years ago ? Around the world , we have statues sculptures , paintings and drawings of these alien beings Even in the United States in Knowledge Canyon , Utah designs are rock my strange creature with antennae on his head and helmets and across the world in Kimblerly , Australia we have exactly these drawings of these creatures with helmet and with a halo around the head And my question is : saw our entepasados what led them to make these drawings in the walls of the caves ? On another continent in Guatemala City we have a sculpture seems unquestionably with a modern astronaut That thing wears a helmet , has a kind of mask and chest , a type of control or breathing aprato As it is possible 1500 years ago ? And in Colombia , there are thousands funeral artifacts resembling modern aircraft with fixed wings , a fuselage and vertical stability control and are not intrinsic to the nature but the modern aerodynamic Sera that our ancestors saw something like flying in the air ? Surely ! There is another object , very suggestive at the museum in Istanbul where there is a headless astronaut sitting on a kind Space Vehicle can see his hands and tubes connected to a device type . He wears a suit , her legs are bent Even for an amateur looks very aerodynamic and seems that came from space These people witnessed something Something was counted and attempted to portray the best way I could with technology of the time they were simple tools and simple art Many of these ancient cultures . are distant time and space They had no contact with each However , the same hicieon record types these things because they lived and all had the same concept superior beings with cosmic powers and I believe that this facilitates our explanation But for Erich Von Daniken and other advocates of the theory ancient astronauts more illustrative test this in Mexico The archaeological site Maya Palenque was abandoned for centuries before being discovered by Spanish explorers Alli on top are large pyramids of Palenque Here in the depths of a secret tomb inside an ancient temple is the sarcophagus of seven toneldas a palisade gobernente VII century Pacal the Great . Lord Pacal , apparently died here in Palenque The leader was a mysterious Maya was a giant average between 2.10 to 2.40 metros And that pyramid was built around his grave Maya leaders were worshiped as a kind of God The sarcophagus of King Pacal is decorated with an engraving which became the best example Maya knowledge of classical art Most believe that Pacal is there depicted descending to the Maya underworld but adherents of the theory ancient astronauts have an interpretation completely different There are amazing things recorded within the He sees a man in a sort of capsule with a kind of mask in the nose manipulating control with the upper hand With the lower hand this connecting thing your left heel this on a sort of pedal and outside the capsule is an exhaust flame This is unbelievable ! This is definitely proof of aliens 3 , 2 , 1 , 0 Launch If we look at the similarities between the appearance of astronauts and space vehicles connected devices You can see the similarities You may be asking if this is just an artifact or something symbolic that tried to represent with limited knowledge of his time happened ? It would be just a rei Maya Pacal which all venerated or would be an important visitor from a distant land or possibly could be the an alien from another planet ? Although most scientists and archaeologists do not give credit to interpretation of Von Daniken Palenque on sculptures are offered to visitors souvenirs that support his theory This is the theory of Erich Von Daniken , the gods were astronauts , right ? Here is Pacal driving the rocket taking control the pedals , the motor and flames from the rocket . This is the cabin And this is the oxygen The most renowned archaeologists argue that this is a representation of Pacal and his journey to the underworld He goes to the basement instead of space Both are interesting theories and both can be true In recent years , the grave Pacal was closed for tourists and other visitors but the sarcophagus is inaccessible Von Daniken fans found abundant evidence carved on the walls of Palenque . This is equal to what is on the cover of the tomb of Pacal His left hand here , with a strange position of your wrist There is also a kind of escape rocket But Pacal may not have been the only alien what would have happened by Palenque ruins The Mayan calendar had avanzadisimos and a mathematical Why were so obsessed by the stars ? One of the most advanced Ancient Civilizations However , the Mayans disappeared around 500 AD We do not know where they were One explanation is that the Maya were an alien species literally left our planet But the paintings Antigas and sculptures in pedra , are not the only images facinas that the followers of the theory of ancient astronauts In 1929 , historians discovered a map which was painted in suede The map of the 16th century was attributed to a Turkish admiral named Piri Reis . But unlike other maps of the time This shows land masses they were and still are unexplored Shows the coast of Antarctica as it is , under the Current ice cover This is surprising , suggests that the map was made in a period where Antarctica was ice which means million years ago The map also shows accuracy Coastal areas of Europe and North Africa but the image of the north of Antarctica what really surprised to adherents of the theory of ancient astronauts because this region , could only be discovered 300 years after recalling that the Antarctic is covered for at least 1.5 km thick ice We only had the radar of penetration in 1958 Then , a map of 1531 that accurately shows the topography is quite interesting When cartographers overcame the map of Piri Reis on a modern world map were surprised to see as the old map was stunningly accurate and rich detail But how could the creators a map as old know about mountains and rivers that were still to be discovered There is no man in 1531 able to fly over the surface Land high enough to make a topography And saw beneath the ice ? Their maps were so accurate We know that it went to Antarctica and explore it , but still , these maps were able to But if the aliens ancestral witnessed the technology to travel the universe the only evidence of these trips sculptures would or a mysterious map ? There would also signals high tech ? signals that would be much more large to be ignored It means that people of that time did that by hand ? I think not ! When it comes to looking for evidence aliens on ancestral Erich Von Daniken , literally leaves no stone unturned I have over 40 years of information collected And there are two types of evidence for support my hypothesis One type is the literature which may be archaeological or mythological The other type are concrete objects For example the pyramids are associated with the gods The gods once descended from heaven for us earthlings Without a little help interplanetary that another way the Egyptians had learned to stack nearly 2.5 million stone blocks and creating the great pyramid ? As a prehistoric man get huge move massive stones of Stonehenge ? And builders old , in Cuzco stones so close together could fit so do not miss a razor blade between the two ? In this world trip trying to piece together the ancient world there are not many good parts to be found but there are gigantic stone blocks cut huge blocks granite or basalt and in many cases Although sometimes reaching 1000 tonnes They have the size of a wagon train And are found in Peru , Bolivia , Mexico and Egypt You should ask Why and how former could drag stones the size of cars and fit them in large buildings ? Perhaps the best known and mysterious stone structure in the world is the great pyramid of Giza The largest and oldest of the three great pyramids Egyptian It is believed that this miracle of engineering Built in 20 years and was finished approximately 2560 BC But for followers of the theory of the ancient astronauts , numeron these will not close The great pyramid was not built in only 22 years because logistically speaking , had to cut transport and position in place every nine seconds a stone There are modern engineers assured as it is not in 22 years There are several theories on Building the Great Pyramid of Giza Too many theories , mistake their head They include visiting alien the elevation of the blocks with a type of sound system antigravity thousands of workers enormous pulling strings on a ramp should have more than 3 kilometers to get where debian What is that they are precisely aligned and that the architecture is very accurate Even people today with its high technology would have difficulty . And I 'm being generous Such as inside of the pyramids , the tombs could build areas marble and granite so perfect and so clean ? It means that people of that time did this by hand ? I think not . The huge size and weight of the stones multiplied by its number , leave one thing very clear The construction of the great pyramid remains one of the wonders and mysteries of the engineering Architectural Without detracting from the engineering human , because I believe that can be done over a long period but awareness to construct ... Someone intervened and given knowledge to run this operation . They could not have done it alone Egypt has ancient traditions they say that the great pyramid was built by a Pharaoh called Saurith and say that Saurith is the same that Enoq for Jews Enoq was a prophet Old Testament There are books on Enoq called Apocrypha It may be a connection between Enoq and aliens He says clearly that was found with them It is written in the book of Enoq the command you to do building could not be destroyed for thousands of years The ancient Egyptian texts say that the pyramids were built by human beings with the help of Sky Guardians or gods Then we proposed that the pyramids were built with human hands but with the help of alien technology As one of the seven wonders the world the Great Pyramid continues not only an archaeological mystery but also a geographical miracle In 1887 , author and theologian Joseph Zeiss demonstrated that the Great Pyramid is located at the intersection of greater latitude line and the increased line length It is the exact center of the whole landmass In addition , each of its ed four almost precisely aligned with the four sides of the compass But such an instrument one was invented thousands years after It would be just a coincidence that the construction of the pyramids similarly to how it was made in ancient Egypt also occurred across the world ? There are pyramids in remote islands Pacific And in India and Mexico This is something that happens around the globe Archaeology does not explain because such cultures separated by vast oceans the same structures built many times in the same way Here in central Mexico There is an ancient city with more than 2000 years His name is Teotihuacan literally City of the Gods and its center is the Piramide del Sol Incredibly , their perimeter is virtually the same to the Great Giza Piaramide Structural coincidence ? Or both were inspired by the same project ? Two theories there exist : One , may have learned with an alien race Two : travelers had ancestral we traveled from one place to another on earth over the last millennia Some skeptics will say : that was the best way to do archaeological they simply knew what I do not think that is the case . In Teotihuacan is the great pyramid of the sun and the great pyramid of the moon according to legend , built by the gods they were giants towards the end of one of the destruction of the world Civilizations like the Aztecs , Maya and the Hopi Indians Northern Arizona believed that the world had been destroyed four times in the past Once the ice , another by fire and another by the water ... And each time , humanity rebuilt all over again Is believed Teotihuacan was built the start of one of these four worlds You may ask : that build these massive structures ? For what purpose ? In Egypt , the pharaohs had enormous egos and wanted to overcome then built huge Museums for themselves Or will that the ancient wanted to leave something for us ? In the ancient Egyptian text is written : that the reason for the construction of the pyramids was to store knowledge containing 300 books , According to legend , knowledge of the universe dictated by the guardians of heaven Of course the pyramids are not the only monument that continue to surprise to scientists and archaeologists There are literally hundreds and can be found in all around the world In a remote area Pacific is one of the places Earth 's most isolated Easter Island Here , more than 800 guards stone called Moai Coast watch Indians are primitive sculptures or frightening pictures alien who visited us thousands of years ago ? Whatever the purpose , were built to last thousands of years were made in blocks of stone several tons And not only those people statues built like that , from giant boulders but there is worldwide and besides , are supposedly primitive peoples doing it for no apparent reason One of the things we consider when we talk about facts of ancient peoples is what they managed to Records leave We are prisoners to the evidence they left and we do not like did that In Egypt , there are texts and images showing the construction of the pyramids giving an idea of technology On Easter Island there no written evidence and sometimes leads us to question innovation capacity A distance 4800 km in the Republic of Bolivia stonework is similar and impressive such as Easter Island Tiahuanaco is in fact as old that challenges to modern dating techniques Is estimated to be over 17,000 years old Perhaps the city world 's oldest Meanwhile , the sculptures Tiahuanaco are built in the same style and with the same enigmatic expressions their distant relatives , on Easter Island Much of what is in Tiahuanaco also seen in Ancient Civilizations Going back to centuries before of Christ in Peru find the same patterns , icons , images , and we can see his stock While tourists gather in the ruins of Tiahuanaco Perhaps the most intriguing these ancient mystical places is located a few hundred of kilometers away of little interest to the most visitors Puma is a field Punku stone ruins excites and stimulates to the imagination advocates of the theory ancient astronauts In my opinion , most significant evidence we in this puzzle , on ancient astronauts Puma Punku is in the highlands of Bolivia While the pyramids of Giza are a great accomplishment compared to Puma Punku the pyramids are a breeze . The logic does not exist in Punku Puma because there are megalithic structures spread all over as if they were dilacerated by a large force The blocks in Punku Puma have such precise cuts that fit perfectly like pieces of a puzzle But with the closest site to more than 16 km away as these colossal stones , some with hundreds of tonnes came here ? We are talking about a place that at 4000 meters above sea level there , no trees that can be used as rollers Nothing grows there , exept grasses and shrubs Now consider many monuments However , Puma Punku takes the crown Because what we found there , is so inexplicable as incomprehensible the question remains As it was done and for what purpose ? The main archaeologists Puma Punku say was built by the Aymara Indians And we have to agree that if you wanted to build something like Puma Punku you need to write , plan and have some idea where each piece goes and how are going to fit all together . On one thing the Archaeologists agree Is that the Aymara had no no script Then , as they could build without a project ? What is really surprising and because the adherents to the theory ancient astronauts are so attracted by Puma Punku and Tiwanaku is the quality of stonework and the immense size these blocks It is so amazing and perfect that can be tested using machines cutting blocks One of these stone plates , weighs 800 tons and very finely polished There is even megalithic stones grooves of a few millimeters within them could not have been made tools of the Stone Age could not with those ools Here is another technology used lines in the stone cutting are straight perfect They have exactly the same depth on one side alotro it 's as if you only master builders were allowed to work there because everything is so precise , so perfect that you asked : As something that is possible ? One of the most intriguing things is that the stones used there non-sandstone They are made of granite and diorite The only stone harder than the diorite the diamond Then , the only way carve the stones is with diamond tools American professors who were there with their computers and equipment was stunned , and wrote in their reports that it was impossible Puma Punku rebuild . It is absolutely impossible But what is really hard to believe is that peoples of antiquity could sculpt these stones with such precision or build such amazing structures with them If the astronauts of antiquity building techniques taught we do not see vertical buildings almost perfect as the skyscrapers ? Everything had to have a pyramid ? The stonework techniques , was invented and reinvented around the world Without thinking of himself as a God-King and want to have a lasting structure thousands of years is best done with stones of perfect fit without cement , which is degraded , it rots and maintenance We megalithic structures made without cement all over the world There is a contradiction here . assumes that these people should be primitive had finished leaving Stone Age However , they made these things I would not get done today , apparently or we would have great difficulty . And that 's built with huge blocks stone a fully embedded with the other interlacing The peoples of antiquity saw strange things They testified bizarre events But those stories , as described in designs and other works , are gone ! For some reason , just disappeared but left incredible things that make you want did know how the These are the great mysteries and one of the things that keep people pressing for answers is the fact that these things are so old understanding is achieved not But to solve the mystery of how these structures were created was just a piece Puzzle Discover because they were built and how they were used , leads to other issues as urgent Questions may can not be answered Here on Earth The aliens really inspired our ancestors to build temples and pyramids ? And if you were here , they left advanced knowledge of physics astronomy and mathematics ? If it were , there is some evidence pemanezca that far ? An example may be this , described generalemnte as the first computer mechanical world Data from more than 2000 years Antikythera Device was found in 1900 divers on a small island in the Aegean called Antikythera There was a sunken ship there , and within the a coral-encrusted box made of metallic alloys She went to mueseo Athens where nearly 50 years after was possible to make x-ray and it was possible recoating sprockets they are interconnected and give us a good picture what was that It was a computer a sophisticated machine RECONSTRUCTION OF Antikythera DEVICE It is an interesting piece of technology because it served two purposes One : He was an astronomical instrument that could determine the position of the stars to navigate the seas Two : was an astrological instrument you could say that if you born in a given day what he would sign and that certain things would happen when certain planets align . So it 's a very interesting piece of technology he possessed gear sophisticated and more functions that a modern Swiss watch And this dates back about 200 BC We shall then again , the question is : Who could create and that was used ? When archaeologists examined her for the first time in 1950 said they did not conceive CONGUI the ancient Greeks possessed a complex machinery would be the equivalent to finding A jet plane in the king 's tuma Toth Even older than the Antikythera device are the engravings on the walls in her temple complex Dendera , Egypt For some , the strange drawings appear similar object used today In Egypt , there is an underground crypt , at Dendera , that was always secret and only the high priests had access to the crypt It is very hot in there , is very narrow , with low ceiling and walls , there are these forms appear to be ancient lamps Because we have to ask one thing : Like the ancient Egyptians internally illuminated from their graves ? According to leading archaeologists Ancient Egyptians torches used to illuminate the Chambers of temples and tombs . But nowhere in the roof There are traces of dirt or smoke residue But if the torches were not used as were those ancient illuminated rooms and corridors ? , Another theory proposed is that the light was directed from outside by copper mirrors And then there was light ! Hei is a good trick ! They tried to test the theory , but failed because after a few corners , The sun disappeared because the copper mirrors became weak in Nor is there enough oxygen in tombs to feed and keep the flame a torch Once , I was in camara del Rey within the pyramid of Giza and someone turned off the light Immediately , we in total darkness I said no problem , and take my lighter Try to switch on but does not work Then , as illuminated inside the temples ? The only solution remaining is illuminated with some type artificial light And that , for example , a small light . Then , in an underground crypt , at Dendera find such prints lamps Egyptologists explain why You need to have an explanation , and also have to be very good . There may be something electrical The explanation of these is : which is a lotus flower And what looks like a bulb around is the scent of lotus flower So that is only a strange design of a flower But another explanation , of course would they had electric light If the Egyptians used electric light to illuminate the corridors evidence that only exist in the Dendera Temple ? In Egypt , there were various areas of specialization Dendera was the area where knowledge of light sources were stored . And this secret knowledge was maintained by the high priests Only they had access such information because Dendera was " place " special where this specific knowledge was guarded and kept The scientific community says no alien had not or never do that It is evaluated if a valid scientific theory That is what I mean ? For a scientific theory be valid , must be tested with obvious experience . But as the ancient Egyptians , could have used some as a modern lamp without access to electricity ? In the end , electricity was discovered only Thousands of years later Exept , of course , what scientists call for : The Baghdad Battery The Battery of Baghdad , was discovered in the former Iraq Scholars say there is no way that the former have used electricity or lamps Then they observe Baghdad Battery which were found several dozens in Iraq and the main theory is that they were used jewelry for electrolysis Two major proponents of the theory ancient astronauts Jason Martell and George Tsoukalas show how the battery of Baghdad could generate electricity using a modern model the device Basically , is made of clay found in southern Iraq and used a thin copper strip with a cap of asphalt wrapping an iron shaft all that together , with the attachment of a weak acid as vinegar , grape juice , orange juice or wine generate an electric charge by the combination of elements axis through the iron and copper The combination of all generates electricity We 're filling the pot orange juice I 'll try not to spill Then we introduce the iron shaft coated copper We take time to copper in the space connect the voltmeter and connecting it to the sides we can measure the current generated And there is , the positive . If we give him time to do their jobs electrolyte you see that the tension increases But while some see Battery of Baghdad as evidence that humanity received alien wisdom simpelente others look and say So what ? You can take a technology anrigua as the Baghdad Battery that was used probabblemente Jewelry finishing where they mix elements and are obtained by chemical reactions for this purpose and if we connect a voltmeter get something So what ? It is a simple chemical reaction If they used that battery to operate other machines where these machines are ? If they send electricity through cables , where are the cables I should be there ? In other words , it is unlikely that an invention like that survive without other inventions I should have , simultaneously It is a battery , everyone agrees But nobody knows why or as was done What mind would think that ? Electricity ? Thousands of years ago ? It is very strange , but clearly is a battery . The idea that ancient civilizations knew and used the power is an archaeological fact accepted today As in our civilization , made about 200 years or so Benjamin Franklin and other scientists began to experiment with simple electrical appliances Now we have evidence that 3000 years ago Experiments were also made electrical devices Where they would carry that ? Other electrical appliances was able to create ? I think that probably created all kinds of electric paddocks Tombs , temples , ancient lamps and even electricity Here on earth there is evidence architectural wonders and technological Centuries before believing that were possible But if there is evidence of the presence of ancient astronauts on Earth such in other places ? We will find what we seek watching the sky ? Here in the ancient city of Teotihuacan , Mexico evidence suggests that ancient civilizations possessed an incredible knowledge precise from neighboring planets Some scholars interpret the number and orientation of the pyramids as a perfect reflection model solar system Throughout the " Avenue of the Dead " the pyramids are aligned perfect distance with the orbits of the planets in our solar system It is perhaps significant that that the Piramide del Sol is located in the center other structures reflecting the fact that the sun is the center of our solar system and that the planets revolve around It was already a known fact in the past that the Sun was the center solar system what science " Western " much just came to recoating later But the designers could Teotihuacan know much background the planets of our solar system revolved around the sun ? It took many centuries Scientific progress To discover and research ? Interestingly , to will say they do not want everything is a coincidence These pyramids are aligned with the planets of our solar system But on the other side of the planet Stonehenge , is another ancient site and incidentally , is far more ancient Teotihuacan which , if observed from above concentric circles are and each of these circles corresponds exactly with orbits of all the planets solar system Therefore , we have two places on Earth with the same phenomenon Recently , Stonehenge has been interpreted by some archaeologists as a kind of calendar astronomical One of its functions was to calculate events such as solar eclipses But if that is true , align these stone blocks in the landscape of England knowledge needed precise astronomical on the sun 's path Built between the ages VII and IX stone temples of Tikal Llergo to be over 60 meters on the forest of Guatemala Tikal is one of the greatest places excavation in the world where over a thousand structures buried in the forest continue According to most scientists , the pyramids of Tikal were essential development of the Mayan calendar For the alignment of the sides at the top of the structures Astronomers former managed to determine most important dates of the year as an equinox or a solstice What the fans also avoids the theory of astronauts is the perfect alignment the map of the pyramids of Tikal with the constellation of Pleiades in the sky In a vision from on high structures There is an almost perfect alignment with this constellation The same happens in one place away from Tikal Far , far away . It was recently discovered on Mars is a terrestrial form , an almost perfect replica of the patterns of the pyramid of Tikal Three locations a unique pattern Coincidence or project ? In Tikal , the legends and mythologies that we all speak of a time where the gods were mixed and connected with our ancestors then , also was built Tikal as a message , so that future generations know that long ago , we were visited by aliens Anyone who has seen this , should have given the information because they could not guess . We can say that the theory of ancient astronauts is that better clarifies on this question It is possible that the ancient have not only calculated all of these astronomical events but also have created mathematics theories put them together and have made provisions We must believe that old were idiots People of antiquity did not have consoles GPS systems They had the trajectory the sun in the sky the path of the moon in the sky could see the stars at night and with that , set points based navigation It is not entirely surprising almost all of civilization registered astronomical phenomena 1 314 01 : 21 : 49,981 - 01 : 21 : 52,729 never look to heaven beauty view never look to heaven beauty view never look to heaven beauty view People of antiquity saw not only the vacuum looking at the sky Without electricity , the sky was very dark and very bright stars Not only that , they had the sky for orientation for information on seasons planting and many other things Today , with our GPS navigation systems and computers no need to look at the sky Let me make one thing very clear our ancestors were as smart as us However , I do not think ancient astronauts we have visited in the pasaado I believe it ! because all the innumerable indications and evidence we could find around the world in several ancient civilizations different mythologies and legends Yo know what happened , for if you observe all pieces is the only conclusion which can reach But that the former therefore concentrated in the sky and the stars above all things ? Would be waiting for something to happen ? Or maybe the return of something or someone ? Over 40 years have passed , but the ideas of Erich Von Daniken , still captivates its adherents and frustrate today 's skeptics As an Old Testament prophet or an old shaman the author is still there to disseminate its message we are not alone People of the Stone Age , could not design a straight line through a mountain thousands of kilometers And our friends in the Stone Age , failed thousands of stones in geometric shapes Someone had to guide But while the evidence on the theories of Von Daniken can be discussed , its influence on films TV series and even radio programs is undeniable He has a tremendous influence in fiction and fiction authors The classic series The Wars begins with a story that says : " There are those who believe that life here began out there , with tribes from outer space that may be the ancestors of the Egyptians , the Toltecs and Maya . " That comes directly beliefs of Von Daniken The idea for connecting with a mythological intelligence and this is something that we human beings we anxiously We are not alone in the world , someone will take care will fight for us , what unites us against a common enemy I 've read many books by Erich Von Daniken and I think that is true what wrote in his books I can imagine that we alien help but I have no certainties . We know much of the world and every day find more need to question more , major issues and begin to think big Something may have come from another planet perhaps an intelligent life form and has done this . Who knows ? It could have happened Since the source of many things are lost in antiquity We only have ruins and pieces test suggesting that could have happened If somebody told me that was proven the aliens helped would not surprise me too much . Why not ? To be honest , the theory ancient astronauts never came to be discussed my colleagues I do not care how many points been Never discuss the theory of ancient astronaut . in any way . One of the good things the theory of ancient astronauts , is that it makes us think . It makes us ask : " And what with this and that is with that ? " We need explanations for all those things and I think one of the main reasons by which archaeologists react violently to this theory , is because they are annoying they do not have all answers Some may believe that there is life in the universe but always end up saying : " Show me the evidence " " Introduce real evidence " " I want to see the spacecraft , I want to see something concrete . " " Not just some pictures that each can interpret in their way . " Exaggerated , ridiculous or crazy , aliens visiting ancient Earth hundreds of years ago erecting monuments influencing the scriptures ... And if all were true ? What happens if only test was proven ? A stone , a key proving that Von Daniken always right ? And if he has reason , suggesting that for our future ? If the aliens were already here before will it back up again ? Although the idea that aliens we have visited is very exciting , interesting and fantastic then those people are successful and starting to think maybe and perhaps also to rethink physics and archeology and participating in the scientific process This is a positive side effect , of these theories and its popularization If it is found that theory is wrong I 'll be the first to say : " Ok , no problem . " but so far some tests were not revoked . If this theory of ancient astronauts is proving true would be an uproar , for my work 1 424 01 : 28 : 39,060 - 01 : 28 : 42,167 and the search for life on other planets , like earth and the search for life on other planets , like earth and the search for life on other planets , like earth because if aliens have already visited Earth in the distant past , means that there are far , and we need not look far for Earth-like planets with life on them But the evidence should be treated with caution because they have different meanings I have no certainty that serious the reaction of the population That would defeat the general concept history of religions in the world Need to be viewed with more respect and also be more challenged , about what we should do now and what shall we do about it now . If science discovers life on Mars if science discovers a UFO then we need to believe what science tells us and begin to rethink our Here on Earth Sera that the possibility of new life would change the understanding of God ? It would be something providential . If we find extraterrestrial life we should rejoice . Honestly , the way things are now on this planet I would welcome a visit occasionally , a little help There is no doubt that my hypothesis will be accepted into the mainstream It is a matter of 5 or 10 years sooner or later , we will contact with someone out there and then thought completely changed . One day they will return and if you do not hear Erich Von Daniken you will have a shock of the Gods !
