 MAN [ ON TV ] : I 'm Mike Filgenberg , WNKW 1 0 : 00 news . We 're gonna take you live now to Janice Langis on the scene at another Boston homicide . WOMAN : The body was found here , by Pier 7 . Police are canvassing the area . No witnesses have come forward at this time , and authorities are baffled by what appears to be one of the most gruesome murders in Boston 's history . The media has been blocked from the crime scene . All we 've been told is a body was found mutilated by what might have been a hunting knife . Police are withholding the name of the victim until their family can be contacted . There are a number of nightclubs , it 's not the safest neighborhood . There haven 't been violent crimes of this nature before . Until someone with information comes forward police have no clues in this bizarre murder that occurred here tonight . - Hello , beautiful . WOMAN : Finally . Where have you been ? - Did you get my message ? - l did . But you didn 't call me back . No , I thought I 'd call you later . - How was the conference ? - Where were you last night , Bob ? Where would I be ? I was at home . I was catching up on my sleep . - But I called . - l turn off the phone to get some sleep . You 're starting to go down that road again . Before you know it , you 'll be all upset . This has more to do with the miles between us . All that dreary weather you have in Portland . You 'll feel better when you get back tomorrow . Hey , we 'll do something nice . In fact , we 'll stay in . I 'll cook for us . I 'd like that , Bob . Listen , love , I 'll call you when I get home tonight . Right now , I gotta go have dinner with these insufferable suits from Hong Kong . I hope it won 't be too awful . You never can tell . Bye . [ SHE WANTS REVENGE 'S " TEAR you APART " playing OVER SPEAKERS ] You know what 's funny ? Before I came in here , I thought I was good looking . [ LAUGHS ] Seriously . I can tell you 're my type of girl . How do you know ? I know these things . [ MAN CLEARS THROAT ] Cheers , mate . I can tell you 're my kind of girl . [ buzzing ] [ PEOPLE laughing ] RACHEL : Oh , Olivia , you have to hear how Neil and Helen met . This could be good for my sister . neil : We 're both single , we 're in our 30s , hadn 't met anyone . We wanted to have kids . Then I heard about this program called Two Singles Together . Two Singles Together was the answer for us . I 'm sorry . Two ... ? - Two Singles Together . RACHEL : It 's a matchmaking service . Not just a matchmaking service , Rachel . - A way of life . - Two Singles Together ? I have my own schedule . Works for me . I have no interest in controlling Neil 's either . I like vacations in the sun and- l like the snow . - Right . Doesn 't that kind of defeat the purpose of being in a relationship ? Well , there are things we agree on , of course . Like , um , where to live . neil : Yeah . HELEN : The appropriate kindergarten . Friends we both enjoy . Incidentally , I wanna make sure Ella can attend Graham 's birthday party . Oh , I already RSVP 'd on the class sign-up . No , no . That was for Neil 's rock-climbing party for Graham . My party for Graham is the following Saturday . We are doing Science Center . [ DOORBELL rings ] Excuse me for one minute . HELEN : I wish you would stop talking about Two Singles Together . neil : I thought they 'd be interested . I mean , Olivia 's single . Oh , thanks , Olivia . HELEN : I think you had enough to drink , Neil . What ? Greg 's filing for divorce . - Oh , Rach . - Not now . Not in front of them . They 'll make me join Two Singles Together . [ PHONE ringing ] RACHEL : Okay , where were we ? I 'm sorry . I 've just been called into work . Oh , what kind of work do you do , Olivia ? charlie : Victim 's name was Bob Dunn . He was 33 years old . His girlfriend got back from a business trip in Portland couldn 't reach him . She found him here . We confirmed her trip . No forced entry , no witnesses . So this matched the victim that Boston P.D. found two nights ago at the pier ? - The one that 's been all over the news ? - They don 't know what to make of it . So now they have another one . Now it 's ours to make something of . - You know what this reminds me of ? - No . But I 'm gonna guess it 's something unbelievably disgusting . Shrimp cocktail . You see , shrimp must be deveined by putting a shallow cut down the back to expose the vein , which in fact is not a vein at all ... - ... but the crustacean 's intestinal tract . - Great . Thanks for that . Another foodstuff I can cross off the menu for life . - Hey , are you okay ? - What ? Well , you were awfully quiet on the car ride and you just don 't seem your normal chipper self at a bloody crime scene . Oh , I 'm sorry. I 'm ... . It 's just home stuff . Well , I know from home stuff . I live with the guy inspecting a severed spine . WALTER : This is fascinating . These appear to be bite marks . See how the flesh is ripped in the jagged markings . Canine or even ursine . But human ? You 're suggesting that someone chewed his spine ? Yes . And with a jaw strength well in excess of that of a normal human being . Great . Well , maybe we 're looking for Dracula . Ha-ha ! Finally , son , you are opening your mind to new possibilities . But no , there are no vampires , sadly . But it will be something exciting , I 'm sure . We have another monster on the loose ? No , sir . Walter says that the teeth marks are definitely human . I can just about remember a suspect being human was a given , not an option . Bob Dunn 's girlfriend said that he had a car , an Audi A4 . It wasn 't in the garage , and we couldn 't find it when we did a two-block sweep . - Local P.D. is on it ? - We could get lucky . - Maybe the killer took it . - And Dr. Bishop ? He 's at the lab with both bodies doing autopsies . Okay . Well , let me know if you learn anything . Is there something else ? This may sound impolitic , sir but I was wondering if you were satisfied with your divorce attorney . I 've heard you talking on the phone to your kids , but never to your wife . I was satisfied . Except for the bill . I was wondering if I might be able to get the name and number . It should be waiting in your inbox . - Thank you . - l hope things work out for your sister . I pay attention too , Agent Dunham . C1 cervical vertebrae is connected to the C2 cervical vertebrae . The C2 cervical vertebrae is connected to the C3 cervical vertebrae . - Walter , that 's enough . - When you meet a nice girl I would avoid bringing her home for as long as possible . This is the lab work you requested on the victims . Excellent . It may help us understand why their spinal columns have been completely drained of spinal fluid . The killer took the victims ' spinal fluid ? Why would they do that ? Where would the fun be if we already knew all there is to know ? [ WALTER chuckles ] This is interesting . Traces of Treponema pallidum . That 's the syphilis bacteria . In the victim 's neck and back . Most likely from the killer 's saliva . So the killer has syphilis ? WALTER : Seems so . PETER : Great. I should have worn gloves . And what 's even more fascinating this particular strain of syphilis is extinct . Has been for decades . How could the killer be exposed to an extinct strain of syphilis ? See , isn 't this fun ? I appreciate the CDC 's prompt response on this matter . Of course . I ran an index search . A sample of that particular strain of syphilis was shipped out four weeks ago to a Lubov Pharmaceuticals . They have a local address in Brighton . Well , thank you , but a phone call would have sufficed . Actually , I 'm not sure that it would have . Because their address is in a residential area . I took the liberty of running the rest of Lubov 's research requests over the past few years . This isn 't the first contagion they 've ordered from us . In fact , there have been quite a few . We need to show this to Broyles . PARDUE : Any reputable scientist with appropriate credentials can procure samples of bacteria and viruses for their research . In addition to the extinct syphilis bacterium Lubov Pharmaceuticals also procured a sample of a substance called RUD 390 . - Which is ? PARDUE : A chemical compound used in the construction of bioweapons . You suggesting whoever is behind these killings ... - ... may be planning a biological attack ? - Or has before . RUD 390 was one of the components of the rapid-skin-growth toxin that killed Agent Kent . You 're saying this is ZFT ? ZFT ? What 's that ? We believe ZFT is a terrorist organization responsible for a number of bioattacks in the last year . I see . Why ? What is their agenda ? That 's what we wanna find out . Assemble an assault squad . - Move on Lubov . - Yes , sir . [ olivia GASPING ] [ buzzing ] [ buzzing STOPS ] Federal agents . You 're under arrest . Dr. Nicholas Boone . Advanced degrees in hematology and biochemistry . Founder of Lubov Pharmaceuticals . A multinational biotech firm whose corporate offices turn out to be in a split-level , in Brighton . Now , we know that the strain of syphilis that you ordered was found on his spine . And you see these ? They 're human bite marks . What is out there doing this ? What happened to these people ? How long have you been a follower of ZFT ? That 's right , Dr. Boone . We know about ZFT . What do you know ? Enough to know they 're using the world as a testing ground for experiments . We wanna know more about David Robert Jones about who funds ZFT and why . We wanna know what we 're dealing with . I don 't have to spell it out for you , Dr. Boone . You talk to us , give us information help us with whatever 's out there killing people ... - ... it 'll go better for you . - What is doing this ? What have you done ? - Someone was dosed . - With what ? Dosed with what ? I know a lot about the things you want . And more . And I 'll answer your questions . But you have to help me first . Help with what ? They have my wife . I want you to get her back . ZFT has your wife ? BOONE : Agent Dunham what counts with punishment is the ability to know whom to hurt and when . You 're telling me ZFT is coercing you to conduct these experiments by threatening to harm your wife ? Why would they be punishing you ? Because when I realized what my work was being used for I tried to get out . I 'll tell you everything you want to know . But first you have to get my wife back . BROYLES : Do you believe him ? - l don 't . - Boone 's wife is a nurse . I checked and she hasn 't been to work in three weeks . - Proves nothing . - l 'm inclined to agree with Agent Francis . Everything we know about these guys suggests that they 're zealots . Why don 't we go back , ask why the sudden change of heart ? Can 't ask a thing until we get his wife . - Could be a trap . - Could be the truth . I 'm sorry , since I 've been working in Fringe Division 81 people have lost their lives . And that 's not including the 147 on Flight 627 . In my entire career , only nine people had died on cases that I worked . This is the closest that we 've ever come to getting traction on stopping these people . Getting a handle on ZFT , Jones or more . This guy could be our chance . [ DOOR OPENS ] BROYLES : What is it ? - The address Boone gave us where he says they 're holding his wife it 's a restaurant , in Chinatown . Doesn 't exactly scream ZFT hive of activity . MAN : They 've been tagged by Edison . - Meaning ? They 're burning five times more power than they should making Moo shu pork . They could be using the power for something else . To facilitate a laboratory ? This could be our chance to get to ZFT . Go get her . olivia : I 'll get a team together . PETER : Peter and Walter Bishop . We 're here to catalog the evidence . WALTER : Walter Bishop . Nice to meet you . Hello . Hello . Please , sit down . Bishop . Walter Bishop . You don 't have to shake everybody 's hand . He gets a little nervous around authority figures . Oh , boy . Look at that . Benzyl alcohol . A colorless liquid used as a bacteriostatic in solutions for injection . Topically as a local anesthetic . Personally , I like to use it as a mouthwash . What did this guy create ? From what I 've seen so far , I am forming a hypothesis . Would you care to hear it ? Well , I don 't know . Would I ever be able to sleep at night again ? - That depends . - Depends on what ? On whether the light is on or not . charlie : There 's four exits . Risk and Walken , you take the rear . Taub and Brown , you take the side . Dunham and I are gonna be in the front . Remember , this is a hostage situation in a contained environment . So retrieving the hostage unharmed is our top priority . MAN : Yes , ma 'am . - Dunham . Greg wants full custody of Ella . - What ? - Another process server just came by . Greg is claiming that I am an unfit parent . [ RACHEL CRYING ] That the minor 's mental and physical well-being would be best served under the sole custody of the petitioner . - He can 't be serious . - l won 't let that happen . I will run if I have to . I will take her and I will disappear . - l swear to God . - Okay , Rachel ? Rachel , just calm down . You 're not running anywhere , you 're not gonna lose Ella . He 's just doing this to hurt me . Okay , Rachel , listen to me . This is one of those things you 're gonna look back on you 're gonna say , " l beat that too . " Do you hear me ? I hear you . Okay . So look , let 's talk when I get home . I 've got a- - I gotta go to a meeting . Okay . We got that meeting . MAN 1 : Freeze ! Federal agents ! - Stay where you are ! olivia : fbi . MAN 2 : Get your ass on the floor ! - Clear ? MAN 3 : Clear . olivia : Valerie Boone . [ IN chinese ] Your wife isn 't there . I know that . I need to talk to Agent Dunham . - Dunham . BROYLES : I 'm putting him on . - Agent Dunham . - What the hell 's going on ? There 's a room in the back . Can you see it ? Yeah , we checked . She 's not there . I know , but what I need is . Okay , I 'm here . In front of you , you should see a row of refrigeration units . - Third from the right . - Yeah , I see it . Open it . I 'm not gonna do a thing until you tell me why we 're here . - We 're getting to that . - No , you tell me now . Inside that cooling unit you 'll find a contagion . Five vials marked XT43 . The person who 's out there killing has been dosed with this . - I need it to make an antidote . - You lied to me ? No . Agent Dunham , they didn 't kidnap my wife they infected her . That was my punishment for trying to leave ZFT . It 's she who 's out there killing . BOONE : Valerie Boone . Valerie Boone , you turn March into June . - Lovely . - That 's enough . You be on camera. I always do this . BOONE : I have no interest in being on camera . valerie : Come on , you . BOONE : Okay . Are we both in ? Okay , that 's me . - Hi . - Hello . Us in the park . [ CAR ALARM chirps ] You are so beautiful . You are really warm . You 're burning up . What ? What 's wrong ? You 're my kind of guy . I 'm sorry . [ SIRENS wailing ] MAN : That corner , stop traffic . Stop the cars coming in . Keep them on the sidewalk . BROYLES : Dunham . Charlie 's running a check on the body found in the Mustang . Peter said you had something I should see . We found this at Boone 's house . You want to pay specific attention to the date . BOONE : whoever wore a lab coat and rubber gloves ? Valerie Boone . Valerie Boone , you turn March into June . - Lovely . - That 's enough . You be on camera. I always do this . BOONE : I have no interest in being on camera . valerie : Come on , you . - Hi . - Hello . - Us in the park . - Okay , look up . Okay . valerie : Okay . BOONE : There , okay , that 's it . valerie : No , no , no . That 's not it . - I 'm running away . valerie : There he goes . [ valerie LAUGHS ] Oh , my God , you look like you ran in the trash can . That video was taken three weeks ago , Dr. Boone . Can you explain to me why you 're in a wheelchair today ? She needs to feed . She can 't control it . I began to feed her my own spinal fluid . The more I gave , the more she craved , until I couldn 't give any more . The contagion burns through her spinal fluid faster than her body can replace it . When she kills , it 's simply to refuel . I tried to synthesize the antidote on my own watching her suffer the effects of being infected but I couldn 't do it . Not without a dose of the bacteria to work from . And for the rest of my life , this chair will remind me of what I 've done . Why would ZFT want you to create something like this ? To create a human nightmare . The syphilis was just a platform . A carrier for other attributes . - Attributes that changed her . - For what purpose ? For the same reason they asked me to create the skin-growth toxin . To show off . - To who ? - Other scientists . - You mean nothing to them . - So how many vials were created ? - Just the ones that I took ? - l made six , now accounted for . I can 't guarantee they won 't pick up where l left off . If they did figure out how to make it could they weaponize this bacteria ? You really don 't know who you 're dealing with . The answer for both of us is to let me make a cure . Now that you 've recovered the dose samples , I can make it . My offer still stands . I 'll tell you everything I know when you find her . If the cure works , we both win . Now , I 'll need access to a lab with a blood analyzer . I 'll also need a spectroscope and a centrifuge . You might wanna write this down . That won 't be a problem . Think it 's a good idea to let him have free rein in Walter 's Believe-lt-Or-Not emporium ? And this is something my son , Peter , is working on . I haven 't got the faintest idea what it is . Your centrifuge is 20 years old . Twenty-five . It 's an oldie but a goodie . I also have a cow . And just for the record , one mad scientist is my limit . think that having him help Walter is our best chance at saving lives . [ PHONE ringing ] - Dunham . charlie : It 's Charlie . We found Bob Dunn 's missing car . - Where ? - Clear across town in Mission Hill . It 's completely stripped . Quarter panels , radio , everything . - And the GPS ? - No , it 's gone . We got no way to track where he picked up Boone 's wife . Okay , thanks , Charlie . Good news , Peter . Nicholas and I are in agreement about this penicillin . Yes , we need to purify the mold , then ferment it . Into the highest possible concentration . Agent Farnsworth , we 're going to need a rat . olivia : Can you call me if something else turns up ? - Okay , bye . - Great news . They made a breakthrough . They 're gonna fight super-syphilis with super-penicillin . Syphilis was the platform . They kill the syphilis , they stop the contagion . I did the same thing once against super-pneumonia . Right . Well , Charlie just found Dunn 's car stripped in Mission Hill . - Excellent . He check the GPS ? - Stolen . Everything stolen is not necessarily lost . Meaning what ? If there 's a car found stripped in the Boston area I can guarantee Mako has his big toe in it . - You have a friend who runs a chop shop ? - Yeah . You make that sound so illegal . PETER : Come on , man , just trust me . She 's with me. I 'll owe you one , okay ? Dunham . Let 's just say the GPS is here , allegedly . But it 's useless because it 's been wiped for resale , hypothetically . We 're trying to track a killer , Mr. Mako . No , it 's just Mako . You know , like Cher . Theoretically , if the GPS is wiped , then that would put you in a rough spot because you 'd be hampering a federal investigation . - Come on- - - l 'm trying to work with you . We need the GPS to find out where the victim was . - But you stole his car from Brookline . - l didn 't steal his car from Brookline . Where did you steal it from ? If I tell you where we boosted that car can we just say that this conversation never happened ? Hypothetically ? Sure . Route 1 8 in Weymouth , by the water . [ SQuEAKING ] Fascinating . One hundred and five degrees . And the rat 's successfully infected . This strain of syphilis raises a body temperature well above normal . Now , the cure is nearly complete . Once this penicillin concentrates , we can test it on the rat . Where did you study , Nicholas ? At the Curie Institute , in Paris . King 's College , Aberdeen , Scotland . It 's quite a fall . It 's an honor to have your intellect in my lab . That 's high praise . Because I know very well who you are . Well , that makes one of us . A little memory loss is often kind to the soul . Is that a figure of speech , or do you believe there is such a thing ? The soul ? There are days when I wish I did . There are days when I wish I didn 't . I often wake up at night , frightened with the understanding that there are things man shouldn 't know . That the scientific trespasses I 've committed- - Will one day be judged . Belly and I would often debate this very thing . William Bell , you 've heard of him ? Of course . Founder of Massive Dynamic . - Richest man in the world . - We used to share a lab . Quite a fall . If indeed there is a soul we must consider then that there is still time for redemption . We 're not being hauled off to be judged yet , Nicholas . PETER : This must be where Mako boosted the car . All this shattered glass . So we 're thinking what ? Boone 's wife kills this guy , steals his car and then drives it out here ? Yeah . But what was she doing here ? And where did she go ? You know what I hate worse than the cold ? - What ? - Not much . Olivia , I think I know why she came out here . The camera , Astrid . ASTRlD : Okay . Ready . [ WALTER CLEARS THROAT ] We are about to inject the infected rat with an antidote . Should it prove effective , it will no doubt work on humans as well . Nicholas ? Now we wait . Marvelous . You can bring the bodies right this way , gentlemen . We 've been expecting you . Right over here is fine . May I offer you a Peek Frean ? A delicious vanilla wafer with raspberry center and lemon cream . PETER : He doesn 't want a cookie , Walter . Apparently you 're wrong . olivia : That 's two more bodies . One we found in the forest in Weymouth the other on a street in Roxbury . Where is she getting her victims ? You must have some idea where she 'd go . BOONE : The person out there killing people is not thinking like my wife . She wouldn 't recognize me let alone find comfort in places she knows . This one 's been drinking . He smells like a brewery . - Hey , Peter , will you turn out the lights ? PETER : Seriously ? It 's all right , Peter . [ HUMS ] [ LAUGHS ] I ordered it on television . ASTRlD : It 's an entry stamp . He 's got the same one . It 's a place called the Cavern . Industrial area is happening in the underground club scene right now . So she 's going to the club to find these victims ? Look , I need more time to make the cure . Please . If you take her alive , I know I can save her . I 'll see what I can do . [ nine INCH NAIL 'S " discipline " playing OVER SPEAKERS ] olivia : Dunham . FBI . And him too . He 's with me . WOMAN : Now , you 're my kind of guy . What is that ? It 's a handheld thermo-imaging radiometer . It tells me if you 're hot . So ? Oh , you 're definitely hot . But I 'm looking for someone with syphilis . Ha-ha . Okay . I don 't understand . Something 's wrong . Something 's missing . The rat 's body has rejected the cure . - Perhaps a protein incompatibility . - No , it 's not that . I know what 's wrong . The contagion required cerebrospinal fluid as a catalyst . And the cure must require some as well . Bond the cure to the contagion . Yes , and the only spinal fluid we know for a fact is compatible is my own . That 's out of the question . It 's too dangerous . If you lose more spinal fluid , it could cause a brain hemorrhage . No , I was very careful to monitor the amount of fluid I removed . Another 25 milliliters should be safe . Walter , we can 't . We have no other choice . ASTRlD : Walter . Prep the table , Agent Farnsworth . Thank you . [ LADYTRON 'S " burning UP " playing OVER SPEAKERS ] Anything ? PETER : No , not yet . I got her . She 's moving along the back wall . olivia : Peter , I can 't find her . She was right there , but she 's gone now . Okay . All right , keep looking . I 'm gonna check in with Charlie . Hey , Charlie ? We had her but we lost her . You got the exit ? Nobody 's leaving yet . She 's still in there with you , Liv . [ BOONE SNlFFLING AND coughing ] WALTER : Would you prepare this spinal fluid , Agent Farnsworth ? Come on up . Here we go . Gently . Gently , gently , gently . - All right ? - Yes , thanks . Charlie ? Charlie , I think she 's headed to you . - What 's she wearing ? - Black dress . - Freakishly blue eyes . - On it . Valerie Boone ? Are you Valerie Boone ? It 's her ! Take her down ! All right , we got her . Clear the area . WOMAN : Oh , my God . They just shot that woman . ASTRlD : I just got off the phone with Olivia . Good news , Dr. Boone . They have her . WALTER : Oh , excellent . Dr. Boone ? Walter . Get me a TPA injection . You lied to me . You let me take too much spinal fluid . How far would you go for someone you love ? How 's she doing ? She 's gonna be out for hours . Where 's the siren on this thing ? There . Is that why you wanted to drive ? [ SIREN wailing ] [ chuckling ] Everybody should get to do this at least once before they die . That look says more than just , " I wish I hadn 't have let him drive . " I was just thinking about Nicholas Boone and what he did for his wife , or what he is doing . Just that kind of love ... . Greg asked Rachel for a divorce and now he 's fighting her for custody . - l never liked that guy . - You 've never met Greg . But I met your sister , so I know she deserves better . And I thought you were a card-carrying cynic . I am . World-class . But there 's an argument to be made that beneath every cynic is a frustrated romantic . [ olivia GRuNTlNG ] [ tires SQUEALING ] Peter . Peter , my tranq gun . Thank you . PETER : I think she liked you . WALTER : Good . Bring her in , strap her down . - Walter , what happened ? - He had a stroke . - Pulse is strong . - Yeah , so is she . WALTER : Agent Farnsworth , 30 cc 's of the antidote , please . Peter . - Thank you . - You 're welcome . - Okay , now what ? - Now we wait . [ screaming ] Walter ? No , let her . Is she ... ? Seems to be working . Agent Farnsworth prepare a solution of 30 parts saline . And some adrenaline and perhaps a cup of coffee . Walter ? He 's gone . Dr. Boone asked me to give this to you personally , Agent Dunham . What is it , Walter ? Agent Dunham if you 're watching this , I suspect I didn 't make it . But you and I had a bargain and you held up your end . Now , I have made many mistakes in my life but in the end , I should at least be a man of my word . And I promised you answers . With any luck , you will use them to rectify some of my misdeeds . Now , in the time I worked with ZFT I never dealt with anyone of significant rank within the movement . But I was able to gather some names . Including some , I suspect , you 've already heard of . [ PIANO music PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS ] Dunham . Hey . - You all right ? - Yeah . uh , Nicholas Boone talked . He told us everything he knew about ZFT . Did he mention David Robert Jones ? No . He said he 'd never heard of him . But he did mention another name that we 've heard before . According to Boone , the man who 's funding ZFT is William Bell . [ ENGLISH SDH ]
