 What 's up , Victor ? Thank you . Hey , Karen . Karen ! Where the hell you been ? I 've been hitting your cell all week . What 's the matter ? You can 't hit me back ? I 'm talking to you . Guess what ? I started a program . I 'm three days sober , just like you wanted , baby . Everything 's gonna be better , I promise . That 's good , Marcus . We 'll talk later , okay ? - No , no , we 'll talk now . - No , later ! Please . All the crap I gave you , I want it back . What ? What ? What ? What ? What ? Dude , everybody 's looking for you . Why weren 't you at the hotel ? You sleeping ? No . No , no , no . No , I was just , uh , w ... working on inhibiting the alien mutations by attacking the ribosomes ... Save it for your next wife , Fenway . We gotta go . Go . Go where ? What time is it ? Miami . Uh ... 4 : 30 a.m. Miami ? Why Miami ? Who cares ? It 's the land of babes , beaches , and babes . I have had 12 hours 'sleep since they shanghaied me for this job . Well , that averages to what , an hour a night ? What 're you complaining about ? There was a break-in at a Miami glass company a few hours ago . Someone turned the place into an indoor rave . A full-scale riot broke out . Witnesses say they heard a piercing sound coming from the speakers , one that matched the description of the alien signal and saw nosebleeds . Nosebleeds ? First symptom of exposure to the alien signal . What , we 're DEA now ? What next ... Canadian Mounties ? Wait a minute . We don 't know what caused that riot . And how would the signal end up in Florida , anyway ? Maybe that alien Rubik 's Cube made another appearance . We already checked with NORAD and the FAA . No reports of any unidentified objects in the region . We can 't afford to ignore this . Most of the crowd fled when the cops showed up , but , apparently , there were hundreds of people packed into that building . We could be looking at a massive number of infectees . You all know the protocols . Our ride leaves in ten minutes . Did you have to use my driver 's license photo ? - It 's not my fav ... - Go . There was an incident last night . Crewman Novak attacked the guard who was trying to bring him supper . Broke his arm in three places . It took five men to wrestle Novak to the ground . Is the guard all right ? Well , Fenway patched him up and sent him home , but the guy 's not coming back to work anytime soon . Well , let 's double security in the detention block . And next time I say Novak should be in restraints , I mean Novak should be in restraints . Look , Caffrey , we 're not exactly getting a wealth of information from these people . Novak and Janklow haven 't said a word since they were captured . Wh-wh ... what are you suggesting ? That we put them in a more secure facility . - McKenzie Air Force Base in Nevada . - No . In case you hadn 't noticed , we 're only eight blocks from the White House . - If one of these guys should ... - I need them here . Fenway 's learning more about the bioforming process every day . You said it yourself . There could be hundreds of new infectees in Miami . How many are you planning to bring back here ? Well , I 'll let you know . - You can 't save these people , Caffrey . - Is that what you think I 'm trying to do ? I think this is more personal than you 're letting on . A part of you believes they 're still human , that you can bring them back . I 've heard you say it , I 've seen the look in your eyes when you talk to them . - Now , they may appear human ... - I appreciate your opinion , but no one is beyond redemption . Molly Caffrey , Special Agent in Charge . I need to see your administrator right away . All right , let 's secure the building . I want someone at every exit point . Test everyone . Quarantine them from the other patients . Mm-hmm . If these people are infected , Miami just became a hell of a lot more dangerous . I don 't think the police are buying Cavennaugh 's cover story . I wonder what would happen if one of those flatfoots tried contacting the DEA to see if one of us actually worked there . Probably be transferred to in operator in the Special Ops Division who 's actually stationed on the third floor of Threshold . Caffrey 's protocols ? Yeah . You really ought to start reading them . How 'd it go ? One of the detectives is none too happy we 're taking over his crime scene , but , uh , he offered full cooperation . What are you doing ? If the signal was played over these speakers , it may have originated in the DJ 's hard drive . - The problem is it 's encrypted . - Hurry it up . You know anybody else who can crack a 128-bit cipher key in under a minute , hire him . Look , shouldn 't you be doing this ? You 're the engineer . I 'm hardware . He 's software . Any high school freshman will tell you , Cavennaugh , software 's just another language comprised of zeroes and ones ... I 'm in . Nice . All right . Keep cracking . Call me if you find anything . We need to talk . Can you get away ? Oh , my shift just started . It 's really important . What 's going on with you , Karen ? I don 't know , I ... You don 't come to class . You don 't return calls . I don 't know . Something 's not right . You 've been through hell the last couple of years . First your folks , now Sid . I-I just need to clear my head . I 've been feeling really strange lately . I need to talk to someone . I really need you right now . Look , I 'm sorry , I 've gotta go . Maybe later , okay ? I 'm off at 10 : 00 . Hey , I tested most of them for any signs of DNA mutations . No triple helix . However , every one of them shows elevated theta waves in their prefrontal lobes . Like that activity you saw in Molly , Lucas , and me ? Yeah , except that , uh , your levels are at a slightly higher amplitude . So , they were exposed to the signal ? It 's my guess everyone in that factory was exposed to it for a shorter period of time than either of you . A few seconds at most . Oh , none of us had that reaction . The partygoers who reacted violently all tested positive for MDMA . Ecstasy . Apparently , the , uh , signal and drugs don 't mix . Uh , right . Most recreational drugs stimulate the overproduction of serotonin . The signal seems to have enhanced that effect , causing mood swings , paranoia , convulsions , a very bad trip . They should be all right once the drug dissipates in their bloodstream . There were at least 200 people at that party . Well , this might help . The bouncer had a list . Nice work . Round them up and test every one of them . DEA ? What , are you checking me for drugs ? I 'm clean , I swear . That 's good to hear . I just want to know how the riot started . I was dancing with this girl when the music started to change . This sound started coming from the speakers . Like some kind of weird feedback . What did it sound like , exactly ? It actually hurt . Like nails on a chalkboard . Only like a million times worse . People started flipping out . Next thing I know , some guy 's planted his fist in my eye . Who was the DJ ? I don 't know the DJ . Am I in trouble here ? I told you , I don 't do drugs . Who told you about the party ? I got a text on my cell phone about an hour before it started . I 'm gonna need your phone . My whole life 's in there . Please don 't lose it . Well , no one seems to know who threw this little shindig . Well , it didn 't just happen spontaneously . Caffrey . Found a fragment of the signal on the DJ 's hard drive . A few seconds worth . It was stashed in the music library . Someone turned it into an MP3 file , mixed it in with the dance beats . Do you think she was deliberately trying to infect people ? Or maybe she just thought the signal sounded cool . Dr. Caffrey , Lucas here . Listen , uh , I ran a spectral frequency analyzer on the sound file , and according to the harmonics , the MP3 we found is actually a third generation copy . Which means , second generation copy 's still out there . All right . Yeah . Thanks . We got to find that DJ . She was probably hired by , uh , a party promoter . Everyone I talked to said they found out about the party through a text message . We 'll collect every cell phone and pager from all these people . Find out who sent those invites . I just want my stuff . What is this , maid 's day off ? Don 't you ever clean ? - Where 's the rest of them ? - You 've been drinking , haven 't you ? Where are my CDs ? Where are they ? Get out . I 'll leave whenever I get my music . Where is it ? Answer me ! What the hell 's the matter with you ? You high or something ? - Leave ! - Answer me , bitch , answer me . Hi , it 's Jen . Leave a message after the ... It-It 's Karen . Look , I don 't know what 's happening to me . I ... Would you please call me when you get this , okay ? Please ? Okay , all the phones and pagers received the same text message last night at 9 : 53 p.m. It must 've been sent by the promoter . We nab him , we get the DJ . J.T. ? We 're already working on it . We 're tapped into the company 's records right now . With any luck , we 'll get you the IP address of cell phone zero . You seeing that ? Yes , sir . According to the local carrier , that phone 's registered to a ... Vic Hokefuss . Odd name . All right , let 's find out where he lives and , uh ... Hold on . Hold on . What ? Vic Hokefuss . It 's an anagram . " Five-Os suck . " Five-Os ? Yeah , it 's street for " police . " J.T. , can you ping that cell phone ? Stand by . Okay , the phone 's active . It 's within 200 yards of Tower 9-A , phase two . That 's Morningside Park . All right . Lucas ? You can dial that number now . Not a smudge on it . Someone must 've wiped it clean . Let me take a look at this . It 's a camera phone . He probably erased the memory card , but I 'm sure I can pull something off of it . Try and work fast . Karen . Something 's wrong , Karen . Sid ? Are you all right ? Do you want me to call a doctor ? Dr. Caffrey , I think we got something . It seems our promoter was something of a shutterbug . I used a recursive algorithm to reconstruct some photos he erased from his memory card . - Can you clean those up ? - Yeah , give me a second . It 's a handy little algorithm . I used it once on a girlfriend 's computer , dug up some e-mail she deleted . Caught her cheating . That 's invasion of privacy . You want some marital advice , my little friend ? Try using my favorite equation : total access is the key to peace of mind . Okay , according to the timecode , these photos were taken 40 minutes before the melee started . Cross-reference this guy against the MDPD database . All right , we have a winner . Javier Fernandez . Arrested last month for B-and-E at a storage facility in midtown . Javier Fernandez ? Who wants to know ? Huh ? Hey , man ! What the hell ? ! Come on ! I didn 't do nothing ! I didn 't do nothing ! Parole officer might be interested in this . Those aren 't mine . Those aren 't mine . Good afternoon , Mr. Fernandez . Who the hell are you ? Can I see your finger , please ? - Screw you , man . - Give it here . Ow ! We heard you got a great DJ last night . What 's her name ? You can 't just yank me off the street and run a drug test . - I know my rights . - The lady asked you a question . What about my Miranda rights , huh ? What about my phone call ? Let me explain this in a way you can understand . Your DJ 's involved in a very serious matter concerning homeland security . There will be no phone calls , no lawyers and no deals . Now you 're already going back to jail for the drugs , but if you don 't give us a name , you won 't make it to jail . What the hell is that supposed to mean ? Her name . What 's her name ? It 's Karen Reynolds . She 's one of the hottest mix-masters out here on South Beach . Got a loft down by Flamingo Park on Espanola Way . Take us there . Blood 's clean . What about my Band-Aid , huh ? This is not good . Not good how ? If this girl 's become a full-on infectee like Gunneson and the others , her cellular metabolism 's been hyper-accelerated ... putting on body mass , craving protein , probably sugar , too . Looks like she 's an art history major . Miami-Dade College . New message . Sent today at 10 : 00 a.m. Karen , it 's Marcus . Where the hell are you ? Pick up . We 're through , okay ? Call me or I 'm coming over there . - End of new messages . - Boyfriend ? Let 's call Baylock , get her phone records . Find out who this guy is and bring him in . First saved message . Karen , it 's Sid . You 're not going to believe what 's happening . I 'm looking off the starboard side of the ship . It 's a UFO . The whole crew 's on deck watching this thing . Whoa ! Did you see that ? It 's changing shape . It 's ... We just found our second-generation copy . Meet Sidney Reynolds , Engineer Second Class aboard the Big Horn . Older brother of our prime suspect , Karen Reynolds . He 's not one of our five missing crewman . No , we found him in a crawl space over one of the main boilers . He was granted custody of his sister , after their parents were killed in a car accident . He was her only living relative . Lucas , we ready ? Yeah , I 'm just running the tape through a low-pass filter . It 'll cancel out the sub-harmonics , make it safe to listen to . Karen , it 's Sid . You 're not gonna believe what 's happening . I 'm looking off the starboard side of the ship . It 's a UFO . The whole crew 's on deck watching this thing . Whoa ! Did you see that ? It 's-it 's doing something . What 's it doing ? Something 's wrong , Karen . Something 's ... Well , um , I think we have to assume Karen Reynolds has been infected . She heard the message from her brother , transferred it to her computer , incorporated a music track with the intention of infecting others . We don 't know that for a fact , though . Why else would you copy that sound ? Like Randy said , maybe she thought it sounded cool . The person you care about most in your entire life leaves you that message , and you put it into a dance mix because it 's cool ? Nah , I don 't think so . If she wanted to spread the signal , she could have uploaded it to a file-sharing Web site . She 's a DJ , Ramsey , music is what she knows . The compulsion to spread the signal is alien , but we know the infectees are limited by their individual human experience . Wait a minute , something 's not right . There was what , maybe five , six seconds of signal on that tape ? Yeah , about six seconds . Well , that 's not long enough . My animal studies suggest it would take a lot longer than six seconds to trigger genetic mutation . The chrome dioxide coating on this part of the tape ... the section with the signal , is almost completely worn away . - Like it was listened to repeatedly . - Exactly . So maybe Karen didn 't hear more than six seconds , but she heard the same six seconds over and over . After she learned about her brother 's death , she kept replaying the message . I mean , I know I would 've . That phone call was her last connection to him . So , since she only heard a fragment of the signal , how advanced do you think her infection is ? Depending on how many times she 's listened to the tape , it 's possible she 's still in the early stages . - Caffrey . - It 's Baylock . I 've got the number you wanted for Miss Reynolds . - Jen ? - Karen Reynolds ? Who is this ? You don 't know me . My name is Molly Caffrey . Are you okay ? What do you want ? I want to help you . A lot of people are worried about you . - We have reason to believe you 're very ill . - How did you get you my number ? Was it Jen ? Is this the school counselor ? No , this has nothing to do with your school . I know what happened to your brother . - Is this a joke ? - Not at all . Let 's sit down and talk . Where are you ? No , no , I can 't . I 've got stuff to do . Yeah , but you don 't know exactly what , right ? - Think about it . - I gotta go . Listen ... Listen to me . I know you 've been going through a lot since your brother died . - I know how you feel , but ... - You don 't know anything about me ! I know you 're scared , but you 're not alone . I can explain what 's happening to you . Karen . Karen ? J.T. ? She was somewhere between Palm Bay and 70th when we lost her signal . I 'll call Miami-Dade and alert all units in that area . Hey , Cavennaugh ... we 're dealing with a very frightened and dangerous girl . Tell the police to call us when they 'll get a visual and do not approach . I knew you 'd come back . Javi can 't deliver them big numbers like I can . Fortunately , I 'm not the kind of man that 'll , you know , hold a grudge . So what 's up ? You 're looking different . You been working out ? - What time tonight ? - 1 : 00 a.m. And just so you know , I can 't pay you the kind of money that Javi be throwing around . - I 'm not interested in money . - Oh , so you 're an artist now , huh ? Yeah , you have changed . - I need some new gear . - Whatever you need , baby girl . Hey , uh , that 's some kind of sweet tooth you got there , huh ? - How many are coming ? - Thousand or two , at least . Man , it 's gonna be off the hook . Kind of party people are gonna be talking about for years . So what 's up ? You need some new vinyl ? No ... I got my own mix . The only thing we recovered was a cell phone . There 's no sign of her . She must have slipped out of the area . Maybe calling this girl and tipping her off wasn 't the smartest thing for us to do . Well , Fenway thinks her infection could still be in the early stages . We may be able to save her . Well , it 's pretty clear she 's not going to simply turn herself in . Hold on . - Caffrey . - It 's Cavennaugh . - I hope you have better news . - Well , remember Marcus ? The guy who left the other messages on Karen 's machine . Yeah , what about him ? Found him . Miami-Dade General . Well , bring him in . That might be a little difficult . When you guys catch that skank , you tell her we 're done . - And I am going to press charges . - Well , maybe she 'll press charges for the last three times you beat the crap out of her . She tried to kill me . Where is she ? You have to talk to Javi Fernandez . He 's a promoter . She hangs out with him a lot . Mr. Fernandez is cooling his heels at Metro West . She 's not with him . Where does she hang out ? Try the Galleria . She 's probably maxing out my credit card right now . She has your credit card ? She took my wallet right before she heaved me off the freakin ' balcony . Let 's call Baylock . We 've got a transaction on that account . 4241 Cortez Avenue . A place called Bayside Electronics . Went through less than two minutes ago . Got it . We 're just a few blocks from there . Installation 's included , you know . If you need help setting this stuff up . I get off in ten minutes . Wouldn 't be a problem . Karen ... It 's Molly . We talked on the phone . Please ... Please don 't try to run . All right ? Something 's wrong , Karen . Get a medevac chopper and tell Fenway to get down here . I 'm taking her back to Threshold . Just got off the phone with Caffrey ... - They got the girl . - Really ? That 's great . - Going somewhere ? - Yeah , we both are . Buddy of mine runs the hottest club on Collins Avenue . He 's saving us a table in the upstairs lounge . Hey , wait , wait ... We still have cleaning up to do . There 's data that needs collating . Mission accomplished , okay ? Caffrey and Fenway are on their way back to DC . Who 's going to miss us ? Cavennaugh for one . We have been working for two weeks straight without a break . We 've earned this . Think of this ... Think of this as your bachelor party . This is covered under Caffrey 's protocols . Got to let your team blow off a little steam once in awhile . I don 't remember seeing that . Is it ? Well , if it isn 't , it should . Come on . Okay . Hold on . - Put her in Detention Cell D. - Aye , sir . - Belay that . She 's going in the Med lab . - Come again ? Fenway ran her DNA on the plane back from Miami . She 's still predominantly human . Her mutations are in the early stages . She 's not like the other infectees we 've encountered . She didn 't try to run , she didn 't attack . - I think we can help her , J.T. - You can help her in lockup . Unless you 've done some redecorating while we were gone , there 's not enough room in that crappy little cell for my equipment . You know , both of you seem to have forgotten about what happened last night . One of these infectees nearly killed one of my men . We 'll have plenty of security . - All right , go with them . - Yes , sir . How is she ? She 's fighting for her life . Her immune system 's battling this alien infection with a vengeance . Can I talk to her ? No , not right now , she 's sedated . - Can I show you something ? - Yeah . I 've been working on an experimental drug that could inhibit the mutations to her DNA . All of my initial animal testing has been extremely promising . Well , how does it work ? All right . The signal creates alien ribosomes in her cytoplasm . You-you know what I 'm talking about ? All right , well , the drug targets those ribosomes . We might be able to prevent them from attaching that third strand to her double helix . Are you saying she has a chance ? We could save her and Gunneson and the others ? No , the others are too far along in the bioforming process . She is our first female victim . Maybe the incubation period is longer in women . Well , then , we got to try it . Having said all this ... let 's not forget alien medical research is only 14 days old . I can 't even begin to calculate the risks . Well , they already got her brother . They can 't have this one , too . Get started . I suppose I should be grateful , you only brought back one of them . I got lucky . What 's all this ? 19 years of Karen Reynolds . And you don 't think you 're getting too personal ? If I 'm going to talk to her , I need to find out who she is . If you get too close to this kid ... it may not be easy letting go . Just let me deal with this , okay ? I lost someone in a situation like this . My son . Except it wasn 't an alien signal that took him . It was drugs . He was only 16 . I 'm sorry , J.T. I don 't need sorry . I 'm just trying to tell you that I understand the futility of this kind of situation . Do you really think you 're going to get anything from this girl ? Fenway 's making significant progress . - He 's on to something . - She 's dangerous , Caffrey . - She belongs in detention with the others . - Not yet . And ... and she 's under guard . You 're putting this facility at risk . We 're all at risk . You may be able to save the world , Caffrey , but that doesn 't mean you 'll be able to save everyone in it . How is she doing ? The drug is slowing down the replication of alien nucleotides . But it 's not a slam dunk . As far as I can tell , her alien physiology is still fighting off the medicine . It 's almost like an immunoresponse . She 's developed a really high fever . - I really need to talk to her . - Yeah , all right , but be brief . Karen ... it 's Molly . I want to go home . I 'm afraid that 's not possible right now . You 're ... you 're very sick . Am I in a hospital ? What 's wrong with me ? What 's the last thing you remember ? Standing by my car . I needed equipment . I ... I ... I have to get to the party . - Why am I tied down ? - It 's only temporary . Why is the party so important , Karen ? I 'm not ... I 'm not sure . It 's like when you do something that you know is wrong , but you can 't stop doing it . Did you make any other copies of that sound from your answering machine ? Do you know what I 'm talking about ? Yeah . Sid 's message . Sid died . That sound can hurt people . That 's why you 're sick . It 's what killed your brother . Am I going to die ? No . We 're ... we 're trying to help you . But we need to make sure that that sound can 't hurt anyone else . Did you make any other copies ? I 'm sorry , I didn 't know I was hurting anyone ! - Did you make more copies ? - I didn 't have to ... What do you mean ? It copies itself . - It 's spreading . - How ? H-H-How is it spreading to other people ? Not people . What do you mean " not people " ? - Things . - What kind of things ? Machines . It 's in everything . H-How do you know that ? - Sid ! Oh , Sid ! - Karen , stay with me . - Sid ! - Stay with me , Karen . What kind of machines , Karen ? Let me out of here . All right . Get me 2cc 's of morphine sulfate . Cavennaugh , it 's me . Tell the boys to start unpacking . The signal 's spreading , not through people , but through machines , devices . Have Lucas and Ramsey go over everything again , every cell phone we collected . Check for any evidence they 've been compromised . Yeah , let me know what they find . All right , let 's have our data miners turn Miami upside down . Focus on electronics , TV , radio , Internet . Look for anything out of the ordinary that 's happened in the last 24 hours . I 've taken apart at least a dozen cell phones and PDAs from the party last night . The alien signal 's been imprinted on every component I 've tested so far . If the signal is capable of rewriting our DNA , it stands to reason it could reprogram something a lot less complicated . Karen 's right , it 's copying itself . This thing could be self-propagating like a computer virus . Once it learns to manipulate its digital environment , it could literally send itself to every number in the phone 's directory . Multiply that by every directory it finds . Well , you get the idea . Are we too late ? Well , so far , none of these phones have dialed out since the party last night . What 's it waiting for ? Could be on a learning curve . The signal 's adapting to our technology . Yeah , the way it needs an incubation period in human bodies . Here 's a thought : we only collected phones from the people at the hospital . That means we still have a hundred time bombs out there . The signal will spread as soon as it 's done gestating . What ? The data miners found something . They flagged this a few minutes ago : suspicious activity at an ATM subnet in Coconut Grove . The network 's been compromised by some kind of computer virus . Ramsey ? The magnetic signature 's identical to the ones we found in these phones . I think I know what happened . The people at the party were using other devices with microchips inside . Some new credit cards are embedded with these smart chips . They 're essentially a passive radio transponder . Allows people to express pay at stores or gas stations . If someone at the party had one of those cards , the microchip would 've caught the signal just like the phones did . The next time someone used that card to get cash , that 's it , the signal would 've downloaded into the ATM . - Ramsey , can you isolate that ATM network ? - Yeah . Uh , if J.T. would be kind enough to send me those access codes , I can lock it behind a firewall . But this signal is a lot smarter than your garden-variety malware . I mean , it could break out and spread to every system that 's linked to this bank : shops , financial networks , uh , thousands of home PCs . It 'll get out of Miami , spread exponentially , city to city from one network to another . In a matter of days , millions of people will be exposed . What are we supposed to do , nuke Miami ? Something like that . The highest-ranking Army officer who 's been briefed on Threshold : General Webber , isn 't it ? The Vice Chief of Staff , yeah . You need to wake him up right now . Courtesy of General Webber , the latest in nonnuclear weapons of mass destruction : an E-bomb I heard they used one of these on Saddam 's bunker . That one was a lot smaller . Think it 'll work ? We 're talking about an electromagnetic burst in the three-billion-watt range . It 'll fry every microprocessor in Miami , including the infected cell phones and ATMs . Hey , we 're going to need to establish a security perimeter of 2,000 yards . Any closer , and this thing 'll bake our organs . Well , I sure hope Caffrey 's cooked up one hell of a cover story for this . Solar flare ? Do you think people are going to buy that ? They 've knocked out power grids before . In-in ' 89 , Montreal went totally dark . No one has ever fired an EM pulse this large before . We 're talking about millions in damage , massive looting , casualties ... We 've alerted emergency services , told them NASA spotted an incoming flare and to prepare for it . Come on , we are running out of time . Right now we only have five infected crewmen out there . If this signal continues to spread , we are going to have millions of infected people , all driven to infect others . - We 've got to contain this . - Despite collateral damage ? That 's right . All right , then do it . Everything 's in position . We 're ready on this end . Wait . We 've got an aircraft entering restricted airspace . - The FAA told us they had the area cleared . - Flight 622 from Tampa , 200 passengers . Get me the Miami tower right now . If that plane 's caught inside the pulse radius , its engines could stall . All units , stand by . We 'll need 30 seconds to clear airspace . Copy that . I should 've left this in D.C. I 'm going to lose all my addresses and phone numbers , oh , my wedding invitation lists ... Another hard lesson about backing up . Yeah , one the entire city 's about to learn . Ten seconds . Five seconds . Four ... three ... two ... one ... Now . Last night 's massive solar flare knocked out all power and telecommunications ... They 've all been wiped clean . No trace of the signal . Yeah , same as this , it 's a motherboard from one of the infected ATMs . Every microprocessor within 60 miles of downtown was completely fried . Now that we know how the signal propagates , we need to come up with new firewalls and software patches to help contain it . Yeah , I 'm already working on it . All right , good . A state of emergency 's been declared in Miami-Dade County . The Army Corps of Engineers expects the power grid to be up and running by the end of the day . Casualties ? The reports are still coming in , but , uh , no fatalities so far . So what do you say we open up a couple bottles of champagne - and celebrate this little victory of ours ? - That 's a good idea . Now , no one 's saying the fight 's over , but this team could stand a pat on the back . Absolutely . You guys go ahead . I 'll catch up with you later . What happened ? Her body was rejecting the medication . It would 've killed her . Ethically ... I 'm not sure which is worse . Any chance at all ? 80 % of her DNA is testing positive for triple helix . Molly ... There 's still 20 % . We stopped it , Karen ... thanks to your help . I just , uh ... wanted you to know . We 're not going to give up on you , okay ? We 're going to do everything we can to get you back . I promise . You may not believe this , but ... I was pulling for her , too . I know . You can 't save us . You can 't save yourself . There you are . I thought you were joining us . Uh , I had some work to do . Well , you 're missing a hell of a party . J.T. ' s not such a bad guy when you get a couple of beers in him . You all right ? Yeah . Just another bad dream . The normal bad kind or the ... alien bad kind ? I 'm not sure . I 'm going to go check on something . Hey , a cold beer sounds good . Save one for me ? - Any change ? - No , ma 'am . Thank you . You can 't save us . You can 't save ... yourself .
