 Previously called the space the final frontier . Now it 's more like a garbage heap . When we drive a nuclear strapped to a metal lump , We spread our seed in the entire cosmos and plunged into a new reality . There is intelligent life out there , most of it vamp . Soulless intergalactic species , you can not imagine . Forget all that sunlight , crosses and holy water , that 's for kids ! Out here we hunt this blood-sucking brood . V-San - Vampire Sanitation . Special unit to fight vampire Some say it 's the hardest job , will you 've ever hated . I call it my living . people , fear not . We will do no harm . We , the Vorhees , are a peaceful nation . A vampire anomaly . Quite different in appearance , but very similar in methodology . We welcome you in your homes , so we can be brothers . That 's what we would do for you Let us all live in peace .. Of course ! Look at how they have trimmed bastards . The poor thing . Rest in peace . I hate it when that happens . set down their weapons and moves you back . - You are infected ! shit vampires ! We will do no harm We are a peaceful nation .. Damn commercials ! Hait 's mouth ! Rosa ? clear dining room , sir - What the hell have you shot ? False alarm , Captain . No one should know , that we are here . Yes , Sir ! How lhnen 's running at ? We 'll let you know . Are you okay ? Yes ! I can think of only on just what the is textbook in Vorhees ! And as a victim really looks like . At least they are not extract vacuum or organ eaters . Why could not it just be eye blood dividend vampires ? Oh , and that 's a good thing ? Well , is not that sweet ? Oh God ! They have exempted him . Why ? He is the senior officer This is a message of Voorhees .. You know who that was ? There is a history Rosa , let 's go to Heironymous . ! Quintana , you hear us ? I 'm here ! - Update ? I do not think that the shot has betrayed us . One day I get around this bitch . The time should be laid . Rosa , you understand ? Yes , sir , I got it ! So then , we fall back And be careful ! Are we to the officer , according to not cut down protocol ? Protocol ? What is the protocol avail him ? He 's dead ! It is a lovely gesture . But here , they will kill sentimentality ! All the signs are that the Voorhees Group is located in that country . Although exact identification are impossible , It is known that Voorhees have operated in this quadrant . We are on the progress of the information operation when we said contact 've made . You and this Voorhees ! It is called cellulitis . I made acquaintance with him at the Battle of Shre-Lak . My Gefechtszug and his came violently together . At the end we were the only survivors . For a while , had me cellulitis there in his power . Why did not you killed ? I do not know . Probably it made it fun to torture me . What the heck ? He gave me time , so that I could turn the tables . Why did not you kill him ? I hesitated . Do you remember what I lhnen said of sentimentality ? The same applies for the delay ! how far away they are , Quintana - One , two miles ? . They are four of us . I also had blood stains found in the woods . You have taken the survivors . The officer was except alive . cellulitis . I could swear read my mind ! Yes , cellulitis . The bears here definitely his handwriting . Very funny . A vampire says , a different vampire sucks . Very funny ! Do you see me laughing ? - There are people who need our help . You have to learn a lot . Why is human flesh in the open ? Come closer and I 'll show you . Oh , Ooga Booga - - Stop it ! Rosa , enter the finishing shot . Any other makes its shock lance ready . Let 's go . Can not they just shoot them ? The boy wants to impale them . Not all are equal . What a killing is useless in another . To kill a Voorhees , you have to pierce his heart . Streif shots have no meaning . The method is in Voorhees blow start , and gore ! Do you have our situation given by ? Done ! Good ! Let 's go play in the woods - . Off to Grandmother 's house . Good ! Let 's go play in the woods - . Off to Grandmother 's house . All different life in the trenches . Star Command believes that the battle place a safe distance . We get dirty . So is it , if for others risked his head . You have warned me . Neutron bombs , targeted attacks that is good for many things . But when you really fight to the ground . As a high-soldier , do not want to do this . No ! I do not need . Why do it ? This is the worst job in the galaxy . Is lhnen ever thought of it , that some people like it simple ? Pink , Damian , Goal 2 ! Roman , Quintana , goal 3 ! idiot ! What are you doing ? Chinese , my favorite food ! Sorry , amigo . Kitchen is closed ! Anyone up for a race with no legs ? Long time no see , pal You remember me . ? I just would Voorhees look awful . awesome . Show him lnfrarot the scanner . smile for the camera . Look , Damian ? Appearances can be bear . Is it not true cellulitis ? be a bit lenient , Nicky It will be worth it for you ? . You want money I get it to you . Or platinum ! I know that the Leather Faces 've stashed a lot . Platinum - Yes . About how much are we talking ? kilos ! Mega kilos ! What Leather Faces do with it ? That 's why I love you , Nicky A set , and you to bite . ! Enough talk about . Where is this stuff ? Chatilla 10th The Leather Faces it is not guarded . You can just use you . How do I know that you are not lying ? Well , as far as I remember , cellulitis , have you killed your dear Mom . Go to hell ! I thought you wanted to sleep ! To miss your cooking skills ? Court optimum temperature caution .. Filling may be hot . Sorry ! All right ! No matter how long you stare at it , it tastes still sucks . These days they have you on the Academy told nothing ? No , they do not have ! All in all you have not your thing done badly . Is it always like this ? No ! We were just lucky . You know what I was class Phleger look before he was moved ! - Boom ! " Oh Nicky , no , please , I 'm family ! Hardcore moderately ! optimal temperature ! Do we have to talk about it ? When you 're sensitive ? You 're not the drink here ? So funny you are , my Plasma I prefer to enjoy in peace . It is scary ! Thank you , make it easy then . Captain . I appreciate , what you have done everything . You have given me a chance . But the truth is , I 'm not the right thing for this . The first deployment is always hard . I do not think it is somehow easier . What does ? Of course the first time To say nothing of their setting for this job . One more reason to quit . To do what Become A desk stallion ? Any command tanker crew ? You know it leads to nothing . And by the way , these companies would anyway hands off of them . What happened to the Mecconium is was not my fault . But you were in court , and are now officially damaged goods . I 'm easy , I have Yes finally set ? But you have to make sure that you think differently about them . And that 's the fastest by Make Their hands dirty . And if you have good commanding Skills show , you get another chance . But I do not understand why do you get back . Because I like it . If I must , I will ask to be transferred . A move ? A transfer supplies lhres officer 's signature . And as I see it , Their bad luck is my luck . I have a top officer highly qualified , smart ... too loyal - plus cheap . And with a bit of time and experience ... You become a point man , both for me and my crew . So just to calm you plan its little escape . But at the moment is behind me its . Roman Kuchinsky asks inlet . Your instincts have you here Put , and that was good . Entry granted . - Captain ? - Yes ? We have collected an emergency call . My name is Fiona Kennedy Wisenschaftlerin in the cobalt plant . ... to Basra 14th We 're under attack on vampires I do not know how many of us still life . I 'm in the radio room . Please , if anyone hears the hurried , you ! My name is ... If we start now , we are there a few hours . If we do not contact the society ? We do not even know , what are the vampires . It could be a loner or a regiment . I lhnen tell you something . The company pays if we do vampires ! But wait . What 's the answer ? Got it , but when I go from here Benefits ... If we 're late , no one is gone to rescue . It is part of our job in a situation to decide what we do . But I promise lhnen if it is dangerous , I 'll get us out of there . - It 's the other legends . Yes , sir . Starboard 3 missile solve percent . port-braking rocket for 8 seconds . You have in your blood , boy . Well done ! Until we know , what we have to do it , we consider the free opportunities . Hold Auto and melee weapons ready . Releasing ready . All for me ? - Again and full speed - Again and full speed ! Open access gate ! - Of course ! - Of course ! - Of course ! Please let me do anything ! Then I hid myself and prayed , they do not find me . Is anyone still alive ? There was an SOS from the mine , and then nothing . Something seen ? Oh yes . There are Leather Faces . Vultus corium . What 's in the book about them ? Good news You are stupid and primitive . Much easier to convert riveting than Voorhees . the ability to heal , you do not have . And the bad ? They walk in packs ... large herds . Why can not will remain in the control room ? Believe me , you want to be here . Down here ? With us . You are in the vicinity . An idea where this tunnel goes ? The site plan shows a building 100 meters . A way station . Since there are equipment , supplies and a Com port . Possible origin of the SOS . So then , forward . Quintana , please keep our options open . You can rely on it . That 's reassuring . - What 's going on - l thought ... fire positions ! What the hell was that ? warhead-spear ! Are not primitive ? relatively primitive . What do we do ? As my old coach always said , the best defense is an attack ! Go , go ! Go to the elevator ! Damn High-tech thing . Holy Mother of God . It must be Hundreds ! Captain ! You chase the high-security system ! But ... This is a command It gives us time ! Security failure . Sector 4 Leite locking sequences . What the hell is going on Captain as Their position is ? Two teams ! Fire team explored Reserve team holds the exit ! We are the fire team . - Their is here . You try to bite anyone . Captain , nothing out of here , go ! - Come - No ! Captain , what are you doing Captain , come ! Come on ! Hold Captain ! Pull back ! Hold on tight to me , Captain ! Collapse ! Collapse ! Captain ! Collapse ! Collapse ! Buy it out of here ! He is done , we can not do anything ! Collapse damned - We need to help him ! We can not help him , or we die ! The mining colony in Basra 14 is passed to Star Command , because alternative strategy . There are no other jobs in the Master Control Heironymous-entered . That 's why we remain in this quadrant , to contact us to headquarters . This is Damian Underwood Vice Captain . I have the company all told . We should soon hear from them . By then , should we talk about it . What ? The keep it simple We 're allowed to have ? Vampire Hunter let a other vampire hunters back . Any attempt to save the Captain , would have endangered us all . security system but the cut you have ! The demolition was Captain Churchill 's idea ! Get to the one at the academy ? If all fails , blame it on the dead ? No wonder ! Anyone with du is working , in the end dead ! We Serve it off , before it 's on us . I am the captain now , if it suits you or not ! You 're the only temporary Captain . - Why do not you give him a chance - Shut up , blood sucker ! Say that one more time - What ? Suck my blood ? You two make me , since we have begun to use these . You can tell me it ! Kiss my ass , but you would rather bite . You 're all the same ! Admit it , you are lured into a trap ! All right , sit down , all hands Sit down , I said ! You want to make accusations Then take but one who deserves it ! It is unfortunate what happened , but it was all planned too frivolous . do not try this with attach Captain ! If any of the rules we had followed , would be nothing ... You still have no idea You give me no orders ! Take your rules and donating them to you where . What the hell have we should do ? Should we risk our lives , in order to save a corpse ? The Faces Leather goods The bear their victims as trophies ! Captain Churchill so do not deserve anything . We should have done everything possible . But you wanted from the outset not be there . Because running away was easy . I 'm now slowly enough of you two . We had already am first day enough of you . You want to be the Captain Fine ? It 'll just somewhere else ! Captain , Fiona Kennedy asks for admission . Entry granted ! How do you feel ? Very good ! I want you to know how terrible everything I 'm sorry and how grateful I am . We were just doing our job . Your Captain seemed to be a very good man . a few days from here There is a transit station there . From there you can fly somewhere . Thanks , I appreciate it . What did you say yet , did you have to Basra ? soil analysis . Right . So when the vampires arrived , you were not even in the Control Panel ? I was in the lab module , why ? Because the defense system in the control was off . I need to know why ! As I said , I was not there . - We heard that something was going on , and ran back . - We ? A couple of other scientists Paul and I Javanese , Nate McKinnon . I can not believe she dead are . They were so good people . I 'm sorry ! Damian Underwood . I wanted to see if you 're okay . What I mean is ? You 'll thank me that I am stood up for you . I 'm sorry ! No , it 's good ! This should I remember better with you . That I read thoughts , you mean ? Yeah ! Do you mind if I ... No , go ahead . After what happened , surprise it that you still have an appetite . If I eat nothing , I can control severe hunger . From now on , they will not veer more so with you . If this were a Star Command ship Would you make it to court only This is not a star-Command . ! Right ! Here is a transit station control . Heironymous , you are free to land based 121st Well , maybe a lame shed . Very hard Hard Eight is not in any case . Just ask further . See anybody can fly at you . In the meantime , they can ... Thanks for your help . I hope it bothers They do not , when I ask . But how does someone like you to do such a thing ? between my officers and I got to the question of who was telling the truth . What 's it going ? Who was responsible for the deaths of the rest of the crew ? Bon Voyage ! Where are the others - Front ! If we removed all our thirst , we should return to the ship . We are behind the curve . Roman , you know where Mertzifoid is ? What exactly does that mean ? We will not do it ! Me and Roman have applied displacement , and until we do not know where are we have to , we will enjoy the time . In My buddy runs Halcyon bar you say Pop Rocks . That you do not , we are a crew . Yes , exactly ! When does the car supply out of here , Roman ? In about 10 minutes , so we should go slow times . See you ! If you ask me , Captain Thank God we are going on . They will not go anywhere . Welcome aboard , Emma Rave port . Your lnformationsdatei is not available . Try again later . What the hell does this mean - Let me try that again ? . Your lnformationsdatei is not available . Please ... The go without us . I do not know ... Is there a problem ? Uh , yes , your stupid Scanner does not work . May I lts See ldentifikationskarten ? According to the system you are no longer for the V-San Corporation . Which means you are no one . And as no one is going nowhere . It must be shit , when you 're nobody . What 's your problem ? Mine ? Well , I still have no problem . But you both ... It 's okay , Officer Brackish . I can vouch for them - provided they behave . As you wish . You did not tell me ' time for a asked dislocation . You could have said no . You 're right . Because despite all fun , we did not ... I have a Captain Commitment . spare us the nonsense Regiment . And one of these commitments you are ! Do you know I 'm an A-hole ? That was at the academy , and I was the best . Yes , we believe you - above all with the A-hole . Why are you so determined to hold us ? It could come out that you do not even command a V-SAN-box can . What you know about me is what do you think about me know And perhaps , that as vampire hunter 'm not as good . And the guy who was killed and we all want ? stylus as only rum in it . For now , we simply say that everything is correct . I need you , you need me That makes it easy .. You just behave , and I promise my signature on the transfer . How long do we have for our behavior ? I will sign up . That could not last forever You are kidding us . ! Okay , then - on a mission . Really ? A ? .. That 's it ? But I have the right to buy add dissatisfaction operations . That 's the deal - either or . Yes , I can do that All right . Then I expect from now on , that the normal crew rules . Each time means one more day , without a signature . Just when you picked-on Quintana . An unkind thought , is , a day more . So , are we a crew ? Yes , sir . You are the captain . What I just said , applies in both directions . Roger , sir . Quintana , contact the transit station , that we will not return . Yes , sir . While we wait for the order , I want to know our system congestion . Critical areas : Boat Maintenance and weapons . Also , hang back for the logbooks . Yes , sir . With all due respect , sir - You can use a V-San-ship not command as a command ship . There 's a reason why people like we wanted to be here . I 'm just trying to help - Sir . Captain , you are immediately on the used bridge . When I tried the message to the sending station , returned it . This is an urgent SOS .. of the Delta Transit Station Hotel Foxtrot . We are attacked ! Posted by ! Send help immediately ! Oh God . Someone 's defense system off . not just the well is happening in Basra ? we already know who it was , Quintana ? It could be a number of his species . But the energy signature I unknown . I thought you know any vampire species . Any of the common vampire species . It is hard to know something unknown . Can you say something ? This vampire lifestyle - it is toxic . The poison is incredibly deadly . Is it the toxin , which smells so bad ? The venom causes immediate necrosis of the skin and muscles .. These creatures , they feed not by living beings . you like them dead but still warm . Charming . Let 's go look for them . Already found . A guy who killed all What is this thing ? We place him . Come on ! Ha , that is called a hit ! Can you still others feel vampiric presence ? It 's bizarre . I feel a vampiric presence , but ... Everyone stays where he is . Holy Sch ... Quintana ! away from my leg ! Away from my Leg ! Get him away from me ! Attention ! Use your Taser ! What the hell are these things ? The killing us - it was not the vampire , he was the host . The Nosferati travel in it , they come out only when there is food . Or if you host it no longer works . Stop ! Let the alive . What ? I want to know more about it . There is a vampire . What 's there to know more ? All their weapons want to anesthesia . Kai-laughing-fool . Quit-tina-por-koff . Por koff-li Akio wah . It is surprising . The dialect , the he says - I know him . What a surprise . What it is but , surprisingly , does not it ? Transit Station - wi-wa nok so Transit Station - wi wa nok-so ? Wah ! Ii-sii Timina Transit bishta ma lo ko kay . Bishta wah . I asked him how his host for Transit Station has come . All that to say what he wants is a betrayal . treason ? Inzana way ki ka ka Kroff . Avis ai ko run Ishka ! Human skeptical ana ko ridsay-ah ! He says if they do not us as food need , they would exterminate us For most of the universe are you arrogant , emotional scum . look in your eyes when you die is better to eat than you , that is . This is for my family , you slippery piece of junk ! That 's enough , Roman , you can not kill twice ! It can not be dead enough ... What do you think you He spoke to us ! This Mist us we needed any more . He was right , you are arrogant . Did you let him life , to transform us ? Emotional scum , yes ? Is not it emotionally , to kill something , because it will hurt your feelings ? I am more than hurt your feelings . Okay , that 's enough ! Stop ! Come on , try it ! The creme de la creme of creation . Every time I think about how we would like , I cry . the rest of the world us really deserves ? On Earth , all see how are stupid its pioneers . That 's called human arrogance . 300 years ago the white man pulled over the North American continent are . Manifest Destiny they called it . A moral imperatives . to kill his Native American , because it was for Wilde . to what changed ? Now we should hate vampires , even though we ourselves are the enemy . We 're the savages . The earth still has a conscience And it hits right here .. We have made good . A blow to the Earth-imperialism ! freedom against human defending hegemony . One can also see this : You have a bunch of vampires a few dozen Happy Meals served . I know we are up for cynical keep Muco . But deep inside I know you believe in what we do ... that it is important to human to stop expansion . Oh , I think absolutely . But ... I is more important , the murderer of my to find his brother . But you could cellulitis but not stand ! ? Not stand him I hated him . He was stupid , arrogant , and he stank . But he was a man killed , and I must avenge him . But you already have . You do not get caught their Captain ... I 'm surrounded by idiot . I want them . That one , of the command has taken over are you sure he will do it for us ? He will take up the trail , there is no doubt . Captain ? Captain , I must say you again ? You have 30 seconds . The rest of the crew and I , we do apologize . We have our emotions get carried away , and we are sorry . You want but only your displacement signed requests , so you are rid of me ! apology not accepted ! That 's never been really high . At first it was just a misunderstanding . We were mad at Quintana , she was mad at us . Not anymore We make ' A Party ! We all are hard with Reverse skipped her , especially me . I just want to say , the captain has made you his first officer . So you have an excellent ... But his death is my fault , right ? Listen , the captain recklessly to name the hurt . We should be through the hell go for this guy . His death has hit us hard . If it 's any consolation , I think the captain knew exactly what he did . He risked his life , to save the rest of us . Although " reckless " may have a bad choice of words is I think a bit of levity there are good things out here would be . I know I can never be it in your eyes . If you give me some time , I will be the best captain I can be . We must stick together , if it 's like it or not . Whether we like it or not . Rosa ? You should know that I am very happy am to have you in this team . You are not only a good soldier , they are great . I would not hesitate lhnen entrust my life . The worm specifically used the word treason , for explanation . And the only body , we were not . Fiona ! Does this mean something ? Is it a coincidence that every place where you going , vampire fodder ? Does she know that the creature that killed was the host of the vampire was ? Let 's say it is , then to the Trojan horse . the defense system off , why ever ? She does her work and is looking for after their next victim . If so , then was the last ship of her . All outgoing vessels can be traced back log . That tells you where they fly Had I turn to think .. Heironymous , find out out these coordinates ? The projected flight path of Cosmosis 1 is processed . Is not one of these groups ... who think people to be vampires . A crazy , they have it . The projected flight path of the Cosmosis 1 , it brings here . Damn far . And they have a big lead . A new job . Destruction Mission Canobius the system . Does someone ? Yes , I know me from da This is out there .. either we are gone , or we fly to Fiona . If the Company determines what we do projects , we will all be fired . We are Captain Churchill guilty this bitch to put a stop to . You can count on me . On me , too . Good ! Then we are agreed . We do this for the Captain ! There will be no recriminations , we are all stuck with it . It will take a while . Therefore , we should sleep a little bit . Good night - Night ! You know , the boy begins to please me . Yes , he has potential . Heironymous , we set our course on the same coordinates and then switch into hyper drive . target coordinates clear ! The ship Hyperdrive reached in eight minutes . I hope I have not you scared ? No , no ! It 's all right . Let 's . I like it . I would lhnen yes what to offer , but ... Thanks , I 've already eaten . human food have I already tried . I was a week long illness . What exactly do you know ? I 'm just wondering how it probably would like to be . Her parents were vampirized not ? They were scientists . Almost everyone in the colony either sucked or executed . The Vampire realized that it would be useful . it transformed . To her and to my luck , it could flee . As Their parents came together , it was before anyone on the consequences the pairing of two vampirized people knew . That changed your genetics this was , was of great s interest . That the genes in me a whole created new kinds of beings . childhood could hardly call it is easier for a scientific experiment .. I could not stand it . You 'd be surprised how much you can endure when you have no choice . May I ? Yes , yes ! I hope you take my words not bad , Captain . But I find it very surprising . to tell us , the company an order should have been supplied . You can not have them , right ? a message sent , we are ready to talk . I wanted to see how far the loyalty would go . Have you done before ? Your neck risked in the name of loyalty ? So something like that ! Previously I 've been thinking , loyalty would be the most important thing . But you not think ? The Mecconium . The ship , where I was . It was sent to the Sigma system to found a colony . There were several supply ships . a troop carrier . When we went into hyperdrive , everything was normal . troop carrier against us when we came out , the turn around . I do not know her Communication Software claimed that we were now hostile . So I said , Captain Perkins . With a little time I could it share system override and we could renegotiate . He said you had a command where to fire on the tansport . He was unable to work . This was Captain Perkins last mission . He was sick ! If it takes me had been convicted . If he had become a non-person . No money , no pension , no health insurance . You have everything sacrificed for him . We had this agreement , that he would stand up for me . With his connections would be the worst delaying traffic . But he has buried instead . He wrote a letter in which he apologized . Of course without a signature . Out of fear , I could use it against him . Even the apology was a stab in the back . You know . I loved this man Ehrlich . Captain Churchill told us , we 'd appreciate you . He was not mistaken . There is something that I want to do it for you . I 'm not sure what you mean . The only one who still did not break , you are . Oh , before I sleep forever . It would be my pleasure , you relax . Quintana . I mean , if I understand right , " I relax " do you mean . I mean , not that it is not What exactly do you speak . ? sex . Okay . Not that I do not know appreciate , however , sex would be ... inappropriate , not to say , fatal . If I am not deceive vampire skills . If human and vampire come together the guy does not get to feel black widow ? Absolutely ! And you suggest ? I propose that vampiric sex It is tantric . ! There is no contact . It 's all up here . Not that I would not curious But , I am the captain . ! Quintana , please stop that ! You need do nothing more than relaxing . I love you so much ! Oh , Quintana . That 's incredible ! Quintana , this is madness ! Sleep and I will always so hungry I could be a dozen of these things slip away ! Tastes of chicken . Do you eat anything ? I hope all are pretty rested . Some of us ! As for me , each by sooner I can upload , the better ! What 's the matter with her ? estrogen , Sir ! Captain , the Heironymous has reached target coordinates . Should I to go combat readiness ? Oh shit . They are looters ! The fighters are vamp Up to here , the Cosmosis . ! That would not happen if the captain would have rested a bit ! So then hold on , all hands We take a spin ! Eighth-braking rocket on 60th Let it rip , juchha ! Eighth-braking rocket main control rockets on full ! Confirmed ! main control rockets to 130 ! Can not you knock ? - main control rockets to 150 - Confirmed ! Captain , less juice , otherwise break up the ship ! There is a possibility ! All braking rockets on full . Do we have to really fly so fast ? Yes , we have is the question that also ? skin integrity-critical . enemy withdraws . eliminate immediate threat . Switch control rockets ! Confirmed . for a rusty can dance this baby really ! Does the word lightly have meaning for you ? I said hold it , 180-degree spin ! . Confirmed . What ? We 're just cut off ! They will not expect us to think the more we run away ! Eighth-control missile at 60 ! Any sign of them ? Do you see as the vapor trail ? Heironymous , we can have a have radiation measurement of the environment ? X-ray radiation amounts to 632 The increases would be 220-fold .. What 's that mean ? that is , one of which is damaged . Heironymous , pulls out the through contrails ? - Confirmed ! enlargement initiated . What do you think , should we follow them ? Only a formality . stay tuned Nah . We are in the dead angle . They see us not . We need to talk What do you think you 've seen . ? I did not have sex with Quintana ! Listen to it . " Oh , Quintana , the is madness So good , right there .. " You know what you got me ! I had sex , and it was great . No details . But I was not very sex with Quintana . I had sex in my head with my wife . your wife is dead ? Yes . And if it is unacceptable for you is , that 's Their bad luck . But if you are the person who for whom I hold you , then you go even to her and try it yourself Because no one has needed more than you . Quintana , what is this planet ? Since no more mining on is operated , it is deserted . There is only a sand pit . The perfect place for a base of operations . Yes , the Cosmosis on earth yes not so welcome ! We stay in radio contact . Have fun storming the castle . mining colony from here how far that is ? A very nice piece . - The landed here , weil . .. - Captain ! By loading , People Ready for fire maneuvers ! Roman , you see this drone , which comes to you ? You can say that again ! I must get it to the finish visor ! Come on , baby , come on baby , come on , baby ! Yeah ! Baby , yeah , absolute hit ! Roman , away there , away there ! Roman , run ! We have to go . Damn , all I had ! Soon it is dark . Then we can no longer be on the surface . How far is it a colony ? 23 miles in between with a mountain . We never make up for the darkness . If we do not end up as lmbiss . Come on .. come on . We have to go . Come closer . I 'm sorry , Captain , but I can not ... Let them come anyway . I am trying to help you . Thank you ... Are we there yet ? My PDA has no juice anymore . We 're not 15 miles are the wrong direction wrong ? According to the map it is right here . And now it 's suddenly gone ? Not good ... We must not give up We must not .. We will not be on ... Help me out ! Do we know for any , where the leads ? Does it matter ? Ladies first . We have way We can not stay here ! The pleasure is all over on your side . Help me . That was too short . Well , at least it is warmer down here . At least a few degrees What 's wrong ? vampires . Where ? Everywhere . Fire on my command . Ready ? Excuse Captain Underwood , are you there ? Did you hear me Captain Underwood ? I 'm doing something . No one lhnen or lhrer crew will do something if you come with me . Captain Underwood ? What do you think ? What do we have alternatives ? What Would Captain Churchill ? listen to what she has to say . And then kill . Sounds like a plan . A traitor ? To view it , Captain Underwood . May I call you Damian ? You must tell me Cpt . Underwood call . If you understand the universe , you would see it differently . How many people you have already sentenced to death I 'm sorry , but they had since looking to do . So you are the ultimate judge ? My job was to studying vampires . so that we know , we can kill them . The more I learned about it , the clearer it became , ... that they have the same right here To be like us . Yeah , good vampires , bad people . You know what this planet we have done ? We have through the exploitation be destroyed ecosystem . All the native life forms are either mutated or dead Everywhere in the cosmos , it is the same . People planets turned into trash . Vampire In comparison , almost friendly . Where exactly are we going ? You should be dead a long time to , but are not . This should give pause lhnen . And if we do not have found shaft ? Would you have brought us ? Yes , we would have . You have given us a reason brought here ? A second chance ... And whose idea was it ? Actually , Damian - it was mine . Do you really think he is playing ? There is no more loyal men do not . But against whom he is now loyal ? What are you getting ? I 'm just a bad feeling about this . Yes , I was dead , but not as dead , it would have prevented it ... inject their essence in me , their genome into my mix . I tell you , die was no objection . But once on the other side the benefits are more than worth it . From what benefits we talking about here ? A company car , a per diem ? How about immortality or power ? Or Community ? Or for once in Siegrteam stand ? I think there could well be shared view . Muco is right , Damian . Human Life is far outnumbered . There are unimaginable vampire Lebensformeneh . Vampire , the dominant force in the his cosmos , but they are not , because they still had to learn to better organized . The Voorhees want to learn from us . They understand that it received values are human qualities . We are two into the game . human ingenuity , for example Cultural determination .. These are properties frustrate us . Do you allow success and we have not these properties . There are brothers of mine , who would you destroy rather simple . I say no . Let us first of you to learn , then we will destroy you . I can not say that it is not sounds tempting . And my journey here ... what was a . .. my sample ? Yes , and thou hast held remarkably well . Do not expect I feel flattered . And you can learn from me just a - namely , how to kiss my ass . Oh , earth , man - this is a gift that I 'm offering you . whether you accept it or not , me means nothing . Damian , you can also see it differently . Let ' make you a vampire , and you save the others . Come to us , and the crew is free . you refuse to condemn them and you a painful death . You are Their crew . They were my crew Now they are my enemy .. Then I 'm happy too . Think about it . I do not need ! If you are trying to kill anyway , it does the same . I am sorry that you 're feeling . Bring them both to the outside , it is time for a little entertainment . - What 's going on - That 's none ? . I have heard that human nature possess great loyalty . So , Captain Churchill , we should test where Their loyalties lie . I want you to kill prisoners . Then go down and take care of the rest of the crew . You said you would the rest of the Department release . Now 've lied , I I 've said , ha ? And what if I Captain Churchill defeat ? If I kill him ? Can you then share my crew ? That would be interesting . It was about him . I insist , you the other freely . Yeah ? It disgusts me , what you are doing here . It is barbaric and unnecessary . it 's not Fiona , tu . You want to learn Try with compassion ? . You want to teach loyalty Then do it in front of them . The Voorhees are able to size You are able to size .. But you have this inner tendency to cruelty shake . Muco , I beg you - show all here , what you really are capable of You want to see what I 'm capable of ? That 's what I 'm capable of ! So , if now spoken to all end have , let 's see some blood ! We have the mine shaft , slowly , without attracting attention . You make it harder for you , as it must , Damian . Do yourself a favor ... and die ! Come on , Damian - let 's play ! Take it easy ... Your Captain has obtained her release . Do not believe me ? Muco question . What 's going on ? You shall supply us with your weapons . Come and get it . If it is what the captain wants . Do not scratch clean . Give it to him already ! ... Now ! Let 's go ! Serving dinner ! tear his throat out ! Roman , it is Captain Churchill ! Captain Churchill is dead Damian , please ... How can you do the ? You were like a son to me . What was that , what you me to hesitate and were talking about sentimentality ? I love you , Nick .. Now die ! Where the hell is Muco ? He was just still here , right ? He was - and now he 's here ... with the people living in the violence . Go to hell . You know , I walk through that door out on my ship . Look at me , and this ugly friend of you is a hamburger . You can find me ugly ? I will , that someone shoots this idiot . You know , the funny thing is that you are going to die anyway . I have an offer for you , Muco Case for dead .. Hey , folks .. ! Wait for me ! Thank you ... Something heard of the company ? No questions like , " What did the hell you made there out there ? " - What ? - L 've told them . A with the application . That there was no ... What the hell you talk , a bunch of idiots ? You told us also that on the Mecconium has happened . Do you think you are the only one who is able to loyalty ? Of course not . All right . Then do us a favor - Have a little faith . you have no choice but . So easy you will not get rid of us . society Hat else say something ? No . .. Only ... comes home and collected from your new ship . Yes , the other was yes set in the sand . What can I say . Looks as if we were together for a while . If someone in the cafeteria ? You give out . If I probably nothing . So , Quintana ... this Sexnummer of you ... Does it have to be a reminder or it could also more .. lie in the present ? What 's the floats because before that ? Sure , if that turns you on ... Wow , Quintana , you are good - a bloodsucker . T ³ umaczenie : applauseteam
