 We 're not a threat . We 're salvation . The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 : Okay , we 're clear , right ? It 's over between the two of us . You once told me that good and evil was a choice . And I 'm afraid if I lose you , I 'm going to make the wrong one . welcome to HaspeI Corp. How may I help you ? Hi , I have an appointment with Dennis RyIand . Learning anything new ? Yeah , she 's incredible . In a week , we 've made discoveries we thought it wouId take years to get to . isabelle , I don 't love you . Shawn , you and I are the two most powerful people on the planet . We have to get married . I knew she was different . Dangerous . You can 't kill me , Shawn . Richard , if I believe that staying with isabelle would save all those lives , I would marry her tomorrow . But what happens if she gets tired of me or I make her angry ? There are things I was sent here to do . brutal things . I don 't know how you know that , but it doesn 't have to happen . We need to be together , because I think you 're the only one who can stop me . Looking for a date ? Not you . Him . Tim , you got a customer . So it 's 40 bucks if you want to get started . I just wanna look at you for a second . Do you have any idea how special you are ? You don 't , do you ? Look , we can talk if you want to , but it 's still 40 bucks . Timothy Winters McCarren . You 're going to change the world . How 'd you know my name ? It 's true . You 're gonna change everything . unless I stop you . That 's it , I 'm out of here . Come on , man , Iet me out . I 'm serious . I rolled that myself . It 's my way of saying thank you for inviting me to your wedding . Thank you . But you didn 't have to . isabelle and I invited every 4400 . I wouldn 't have missed it . I 'm quite excited . You must be too . The ceremony 's so close . Four days . I have to offer you a word of caution . This cigar , when you smoke it , you might be surprised by its effects . Oh , I 'm not gonna get arrested for having this , am I ? Of course not . About a year after we returned , I Iearned I have an ability . When I come in contact with a person , they sometimes see a vision of their future . I see nothing , understand . only those I touch . But I 'm told it can be quite accurate . Kind of a nice talent . Thank you . I grew this tobacco myself . It 's been in contact with my hands . And so it contains my ability . Wait , so , what you 're saying is , if I smoke this cigar , I 'm gonna see the future ? Your future . A possible one , anyway . As I said , use with caution . You might not Iike what you see . But it seems an appropriate gift for a man on his wedding day . well , it is better than a toaster oven . Thank you , claudio . My congratulations to you . The centerpieces are amazing . You should take a look . Yeah , sure , after we 're done with these meet-and-greets though , okay ? Oh , you 're taking up smoking ? This is Edwin Garrett and his wife Denise . They came from Edinburgh to be here . Thank you so much for coming . The guy 's name was Tim McCarren . He was a hustler . Worked an area of the park not far from here . I found his body just after sunrise . Now , I 've already interviewed his colleagues , and they say he got into a pickup truck with a man in his 20s at about 1 : 30 last night . One of the other working boys got a decent look at the driver . You could probably sit him down with a sketch artist . We could , but you do realize we 're not homicide cops , right ? We 're from NTAC . So why 'd you call us ? That 's why . My best guess ? This body was completely oxidized . It 's a chemical reaction . cells change at the molecular level . well , oxidizing , that 's what happens when metal rusts . exactly . well , almost exactly . Rusting is a slow process . There 's nothing gradual about what happened to Tim McCarren . One minute he was alive , the next ... Have you ever seen anything like this before ? No . There 's no documented disease that affects the human body this way . - Meaning a 4400 ability did this . - That 's for you to figure out . AII I can tell you is there 's no earthly explanation about what happened to this guy . Thanks . So nothing even close ? Okay , thanks , Brian . That was the lab . They ran the composite sketch of the driver against their database of 4400s . - No matches . - Anything from forensics ? No . well , they pulled a couple of partial prints off the safety pin that held the note to the kid 's jacket . But nothing we can make an ID from . Okay , what about the note ? It 's a deliberate message to whoever found the body . That 's typical of a seriaI-kiIIer pathology . Yeah , but it says 27 . There can 't be 26 other corpses like Tim McCarren 's out there . Even one would make it onto our radar . So we 'II talk to McCarren 's friends , families . Maybe he 's got a connection to a 4400 . Diana , there is one other thing I wanna talk to you about . You got plans on Sunday ? You want me to go to Shawn 's wedding with you ? It 's not a date , okay ? I figured you might be interested . almost a thousand 4400s are coming . Oh , so it 's a professional courtesy . Yeah , that 's one way to put it . Look , to be honest , I 'd rather not be the only one sitting at the NTAC table . You 'd have a hard time finding a dance partner . Look , you know , Maia begged me to go , and I told her no . AII those 4400s in one place , we have no idea what could happen . Diana , it 's Shawn and isabelle , nobody 's gonna cause any trouble . I mean , would you wanna be on the bride 's bad side ? I can 't imagine you 're eager to welcome that girl into the family . I 'm not . This all happened a little too quickly for my liking . But Shawn won 't talk to me about it . I must have left him 20 messages . I was thinking about going to see him after we finish work today . Just make sure BrideziIIa is out of earshot . - I have to . - Have to ? You 're about to get married , Shawn . You should want to . - What 's going on ? Is she pregnant ? - No . No , nothing like that . Is she forcing you ? Look , Shawn , if you 're feeling trapped , if you 're looking for a way out of this , just tell me , I can help . help ? uncle Tommy , I 'm not in front of a firing squad . I 'm getting married . people do it all the time . Come on , Shawn . You 're marrying IsabeIIe . She 's a very dangerous girl . I happen to know that . Okay , I know all about her too . So don 't think you 're gonna surprise me . I appreciate you coming down here . I know you mean well . This marriage , it is the right thing . The right thing for who ? For everybody . Man , they just cannot keep anything working around here . This always happens when I work late . You know , I don 't even know where the stairs are in this place . Oh , right down here . Come on , I 'II show you . So do you always work past 8 ? Most nights , yeah . Trying to get ahead , you know ? Dedication , I Iike that . You could accomplish great things . Her name was paula Nakata . She was a lawyer at a firm in the building . My God , the poor woman . That 's two bodies in less than 24 hours . It doesn 't make any sense . Most spree killers , they have a type . But Tim McCarren and paula Nakata could hardly be more different . A prostitute and a corporate attorney . Why would someone target these two ? And why is she labeled 1 1 ? The numbers on the bodies are working backwards . It looks like we might have a partial print on the wedding band . It 's probably from the victim , but you never know . Let 's hope whoever did this slipped up . Because I don 't think he 's anywhere close to finished yet . We were so close . We were gonna save everything . isabelle changed you . You don 't even know who you are anymore . She didn 't change me . She showed me who I am . I know myself better than ever . And I know exactly what has to happen here . Don 't do this . Shawn . Marco ? Did you go home last night ? No , I was working on your case . It got late . - cold . - We got a message you wanted to talk to us ? Yeah , the print that they pulled from paula Nakata 's wedding band wasn 't hers . Does it match the one we found on Tim McCarren 's body ? It does indeed . The print belongs to a man named Darren PiersahI . PiersahI ? I 've never heard of him . I 'm not surprised . See , he is not a 4400 . well , then he 's not the murderer . Marco , you saw both bodies . A 4400 killed these people . It certainly looks that way . The fingerprint match wasn 't from our database . It was from U.S. military records . PiersahI was an Army Ranger for seven years . - Was ? What 's he doing now ? - Not much . According to Army records , Darren PiersahI is dead . He was killed in action in Iraq in 2005 . I 'm wondering , how could an Army sergeant who 's supposedly been dead for a year be using a 4400 ability to kill people in present-day seattle ? Darren always wanted to be a Ranger . It was his dream , ever since he was old enough to read . I encouraged it . I spent 20 years in the service myself . So when Darren signed up it was like carrying on the family legacy . Why is NTAC so interested in my son 's death anyway ? It 's part of an ongoing investigation , Mr. PiersahI . please , anything you could tell us would help . Not long before he died , I got a letter from Darren . He was excited . Said he 'd been accepted into this elite training unit . He couldn 't tell me much about it , just that it meant he was being transferred off the frontlines and out of harm 's way . And he was killed in action soon after that ? Two weeks later . The Army told me he 'd been flying a recon mission in an OH-58 helicopter . Got hit by an RPG . They never did find his remains . I 'm so sorry , Mr. PiersahI . But you said the Army told you he was flying a recon mission . Did you have any reason to doubt that ? well , I thought the timing was peculiar . I mean , I 'd just got this letter from him saying he was done fighting . So I did some checking . There were six soldiers reported dead in the crash that killed my son . And why is that unusual ? Because an OH-58 files with a crew of four . It can 't hold six people . A secret training program ? A death under suspicious circumstances ? There 's something off here . Even the kid 's dad knows it . It 's weird , I 'm not denying it . But let 's just take our time with this , okay ? There are other explanations that don 't involve cover-up . Someone could 've planted PiersahI 's fingerprints at the crime scene . Who knows ? It could be a 4400 , someone who can mimic other people 's fingerprints . Maybe , but if you 're trying to frame someone , why pick a dead man ? baldwin . Where ? We 'II be right in . They just found another body . I 'II let you all in on a little family secret . My brother and I haven 't always seen eye to eye . So we didn 't talk for a while . I went to college , he became the most famous person in the world . But it 's all good , because he 's a great guy . And I 'm really proud of him . I think we all are . So congratulations , man . I couldn 't be happier to see you walk the plank . - congratulations . - Thank you . Cheers . Is there anything you 'd Iike to say , Daddy ? Toast . The father of the bride wants to speak . Shawn , isabelle . I have to say , I had my doubts . But my daughter has managed to overcome them . She was determined to make this marriage happen , and here we all are . Shawn , she couldn 't have picked a better partner . I 'm proud to call you my son . Cheers . - Cheers . - Cheers . So where are you guys going on your honeymoon ? You know , we haven 't really figured that out yet . If you 'II all please excuse me . Stay . You keep charming the in-Iaws , I 'II see what 's up . isabelle ? You saw me die ? You 're sure ? I killed you . And , Richard , I swear to God , it looked like I was enjoying it . The whole reason I 'm marrying IsabeIIe is to keep her attached , normal . That 's not what happens . I don 't make her more human , she makes me less human . I have to try something . I have to go , I have to see if it changes anything . - Gonna walk out on the wedding ? - Maybe , I don 't know . I 'm getting out of here , and then I 'm gonna see what happens . If you leave now , it 's not gonna make IsabeIIe very happy . - It might not be easy to come back . - I know that . But I have to do it . Just tell them I 'm sick or something . I 'm sorry . Just tell them something , okay ? Her name was holly Martins . She was a housewife in Madison Park . - The pool man found her body . - Was there a note ? Ninety-two ? How many people is this guy targeting ? Guys , I figured out what all these corpses have in common . All the victims had the same mutation ? We did a genetic workup on all three corpses . Every one of them has a slight alteration of the 1 1th chromosome . It 's called the StarzI Mutation . That could be a coincidence . Not likely . The StarzI Mutation 's extremely rare . The only documented cases are in the seattle area . You see , there 's two kinds of mutations . Some occur naturally . You know , something goes wrong when the body 's building itself . Others are induced . The genes are changed by external factors . - And the StarzI Mutation is induced . - That 's right . Starting in 1 969 , seattle Presbyterian hospital used a flawed radiation machine to treat their cancer patients . You know , the microswitches that controlled the thing weren 't working . The dosages were all off . - How long did this go on ? - Under five years . Once the hospital figured out what they were doing , they tested everyone who had ever been exposed to it . In some cases , the radiation induced a small mutation . The StarzI Mutation . Yeah , they named it after the company that made the bad machine . And the mutation 's repIicabIe . You know , people who got it passed it on to their kids , which includes our three victims . They were living normal lives . They were healthy . Hey , just like most mutations , you can have it and not even know . After everything went public , the lawyers came out to play . There was a cIass-action lawsuit . seattle Presbyterian paid a huge settlement to everyone who was affected by the machine . They almost went bankrupt . So Darren PiersahI , who 's supposed to be dead , is targeting carriers of the StarzI Mutation , which only occurs around seattle , and has absolutely no effect on its carriers . Okay , but why ? excellent question . When you find out , make sure you tell me . If there was a lawsuit , there 's a paper trail . I 'II bet you that hospital keeps a master list of everyone they paid . - You okay ? You okay ? - Shawn , you should stop healing me . No , you 're gonna make it , uncle Tom . No , no , Shawn , I 'm not . This is all my fault . I should never have talked you out of marrying IsabeIIe . No , that was my decision , not yours . I can 't help thinking that it didn 't have to end this way . Everyone we love is dead . I 'm sorry . The catastrophe 's here . Hey , no , no , no . hold on , hold on , hold on . hold on , hold on . No , Iet me go . Let me go , Iet me go . Save as many as you can , Shawn . You 're lucky . until six weeks ago , I hadn 't pulled that file in years . If you 'd asked me then , it wouId 've taken me hours . What happened six weeks ago ? Oh , some guy in a suit showed up . Had a document with him saying that the military needed the file for research in the war on terror . Yeah , there we go . There it is . That 's the master list of everyone we paid in the StarzI case . This man , can you tell me his name ? Yeah . miles Enright . Why , you know him ? Not yet . There 's 1 23 people here . A hundred and twenty-three we know have the mutation . Numbers we 've been finding on the dead bodies correspond to where they appear on the list . Number 27 , Timothy McCarren . Number 1 1 , paula Nakata . And holly Martin 's 92 . So Darren PiersahI , if he 's the killer , is working from the same list we 're holding . But the order seems so random . I mean , is he just killing them as the opportunity arises or is there some method ? I 'II try and find a pattern . Hey , how 's Maia been ? She 's okay . She asks about you a Iot . Yeah ? I just checked out miles Enright . He 's the vice president of Research and development at HaspeI Corp. Dennis . You 've been ignoring our calls . I 'm busy , Tom . Why don 't you go through my assistant ? - Maybe we can talk next week or so . - It 's important , RyIand . It 's about Darren PiersahI and your company 's program to create a division of the U.S. military with 4400 abilities . I don 't know , Tom . I 've been working here less than three months . I still don 't know where the supply closets are , and now you 've got me heading up a covert program where I 'm injecting promicin into United States soldiers ? Six weeks ago , the vice president of Research and development acquired a list of everyone with the StarzI Mutation . - miles Enright . Maybe you know him ? - Sorry , it 's a big building . - I haven 't shaken everybody 's hand . - Three people are dead . Now , you need to tell us everything you know about Darren PiersahI so we can bring him in before he kills anyone else . I 've never heard of him . And I 've certainly never heard of this , what do you call it ? StarzI Mutation ? This is your last chance to cooperate before we find PiersahI . If you help us now , we 'II make it look better for your company later , Dennis . well , how can I help you when I have no idea what you 're talking about ? Now , if this program existed- - And please , understand I 'm not saying it does . - -you seem to think that people would be shocked to know that it 's out there . Me , I think they 'd be grateful . I think any good citizen would be thankful that his government was working on this . Because you can be damned sure our enemies are . If everyone would be so happy , why not just tell us about it ? As usual , you have no idea of what the stakes are . Whoever controls promicin has a strategic advantage over the rest of the world . This is another Manhattan Project , Tom . And they didn 't close it down because a couple of technicians got radiation poisoning . They kept on working , and they were right to do that . It 's made the world a better place . Not that you 're admitting that the program exists , right ? What program ? So if I go through with it , if I marry IsabeIIe , you and I become enemies , I kill you . If I don 't do it , Richard , things are even worse . They 're- - people are dead . A Iot of people . In the second vision , your uncle said the catastrophe was here , right ? That place looked like a war zone . What the hell am I supposed to do ? Look , you can only deal with the information you have . In one future , I die . In another , it sounds like thousands of people , maybe millions , are at risk . - That 's no choice at all . - We 're talking about your life . The guy said each vision was one possible future . If you do marry IsabeIIe , at Ieast we go into it with our eyes open . Now that we know what could happen , we can change things . Nothing 's inevitable , right ? Let 's hope not . Because believe me I don 't wanna die . Meet Staff Sergeant John Shaffner . Okay , so why are we meeting him ? He was one of six fatalities in the helicopter crash that " killed " Darren PiersahI . - A helicopter that seated only four . - Right . It turns out John Shaffner 's family never received his remains either . You know , there was really a helicopter crash that day in Iraq , but four families got their kids ' bodies back , two didn 't . Here 's what I 'm thinking- - PiersahI and Shaffner were recruited into HaspeI Corp 's training program at the same time . So they used the crash to fake two deaths . So that PiersahI and Shaffner could disappear into the program with impunity . So we have a second member of HaspeI Corp 's program , which is great . But it doesn 't get us any closer to Darren PiersahI . Good point . It doesn 't , really . Not until ... you look at Shaffner 's dog tags . This is Shaffner 's military serial number . Look familiar ? should it ? Twenty-seven . That 's what the note we found on Tim McCarren said . That 's also where we found his name on the list of people with StarzI Mutation . eleven . That was paula Nakata 's number . And holly Martins was 92 on the list . There is a pattern . He 's picking the order based on his buddy 's serial number . Okay , but why ? Maybe it 's a message . Maybe they 're doing it together . But if he 's consistent , the next victim will be number 38 on the StarzI list . alex Messina . I already checked him out . He manages a bike store in Madrona . Yeah . Yeah , I recognize him . He was in here earlier today . - Did he say anything to you ? - It was kind of weird , actually . He asked me if my name was alex Messina . And he said it like that . You know , the full name . He wanted to know if I couId come out and take a look at his bike . He needed to replace a part , and I told him just to bring it in . He said he 'd come back when we were less busy . Send a tactical team over right away . Thanks . If PiersahI makes a move , we 'II be ready . Tom . Must be from PiersahI . Hey . Do you Iike this color ? This place needs to be a little more girlie if I 'm gonna be living here . Yeah , it looks great . I think so too . I 'm glad you 're back . If PiersahI knows we 're onto him he 'II change his pattern of attack . There 's a dozen people we can 't find . Hope we get to them before PiersahI does . Tom baldwin ? Yeah , who 's asking ? My name is John . John Shaffner . I was a volunteer in the same program Darren PiersahI was in . - The one that drove him crazy . - Yeah , we know who you are . - And we know about the program . - Good . Then you 're ready to hear what I have to say . We were volunteers , all of us . I still remember the sales pitch . We 'd be the elite , a new type of soldier . We had to give up our lives , forfeit our identities . They said it was the only way . The program had to operate in complete secrecy . When did you start getting the injections ? Right away . Started slow , but about three weeks ago , they started upping our dosages . - That 's when guys started to lose it . - Where did they get the promicin ? I don 't know , but they seem to have plenty of it though . Darren was the first one who could do stuff , you know ? An ability . He killed one of the instructors by mistake . - It freaked him out . - You two escaped together ? Once we got out , we pretty much went our separate ways . I had no idea he was gonna do this . So he 's AWOL ? These murders aren 't sanctioned by anyone ? No , Darren 's freelancing . That 's why they want him back so bad . He 's compromising the program . Our C.O.s , they told us about the StarzI Mutation . They told us it could be a threat , but they never told us to kill anybody . Then what is it ? Why does Darren want them dead so badly ? Got something to do with babies . So far , any time a 4400 has a kid with a member of the regular population , their babies are normal . They don 't make promicin , they don 't have abilities . We know , we 've been tracking the births . But the StarzI Mutation changes all that . If a 4400 has a kid with someone who has the mutation , the baby would be promicin-positive . - They 'd have abilities . - How would the military know that ? - Have they tried it ? - I don 't know , but they seem pretty goddamn sure it 's true . I know this is gonna sound crazy , but Darren is a victim here too . They gave us so many stimulants . They amped us up to kill , and he snapped . Don 't know if he thinks he 's on a mission or something , but I know he needs to be stopped . I 'II do whatever I can to help you find him . So , what do you think you know ? Everything . including the StarzI Mutation . And I have to give you credit . If what you say is right , it wouId explain why the 4400 were sent back in 2004 . Why they were all brought to seattle . This is the only place the 4400 can reproduce and have kids with abilities . Any of this sound familiar ? I think I read the same theory in a supermarket tabloid once . We know about your enhanced soldier program , Dennis . We have one of your people . John Shaffner been showing up for many roll calls lately ? well , as soon as we have PiersahI , we 're going public with this , and there 's nothing you can do to stop that . AII you can do is make yourself and this company look slightly better by cooperating with our efforts to bring him in . We want PiersahI 's personnel file . Everything you have . If it 's not in my hands in 90 seconds , John Shaffner will be standing in front of a bank of cameras before lunch . This could be something . Maybe . It reads like some kind of personal statement . An essay by PiersahI . Yeah , we had to do those to get in the program . They wanted us to write about some goal we achieved , something we were proud of . This is all about a volunteer program that he did . There was a patch of forest that got cleared by a fire . PiersahI volunteered to renew it so that he could become a- - Darren PiersahI was an eagle Scout ? Yeah , he used to talk about those woods all the time . When we were in the middle of the program , whenever things got really bad , he used to tell me that 's where he 'd go in his head . He 'd imagine himself there , it calmed him down . This patch of forest , any chance you know where it is ? Maybe you could put your arm around her , Mr. tyler . That 's great . The magazine wants to get a shot of the bride and groom . Has anyone seen the groom ? Who gave you the key ? Your own bodyguard . You started a war , Richard . You turned the 4400 into an army , and you launched an attack for no reason ! We didn 't have a choice . It had to be a preemptive strike . No choice . Look what you 're doing . Look at it . It has to stop . isabelle changed you . You don 't even know who you are anymore . She didn 't change me . She showed me who I am . I know myself better than ever . And I know exactly what has to happen here . Don 't do this . Shawn ... Shawn . Sorry to barge in on you , it 's just ... They need you down in the garden . Pictures . - Are you okay ? - I 'm fine . I 'm just a little overwhelmed . Darren ? Darren . Darren , you out here ? What are you doing here ? Darren , relax , man . It 's me , Shaffner . John , we 're friends , remember ? Shaff . You came . That 's good . That 's good , I need your help . I 'm never gonna make it all the way through this list on my own . Darren , you don 't have to finish the list . It 's someone else 's agenda . You got it all mixed up in your head . Come on with me , there 's people I want you to talk to . They can help us . They ? Who are they ? It 's gotta stop , man . please . Come with me . - No . No . - Wait . We got people covering the access road , we 'II pin him down . Fan out ! Oh , Jesus . Tom ! I can 't see anything . Tom . Tom ! Tom ? We lost Shaffner , PiersahI 's dead . He was on his way out before we even started fighting . PiersahI had a stab wound in his stomach . I guess Shaffner didn 't go down without a fight . Yeah . well , they 're both gone . And there 's no one left to talk about the program . We still have evidence . We can go after HaspeI Corp. Expose everything . Yeah , but it wouId have been nice to have a face to put out there . Now all we have are accusations and a paper trail . And five dead bodies . Hey , you guys gotta see this . We are proud to announce the existence of this enhanced-soldier program to all the world , but it should not , in any way , be seen as an offensive maneuver . We have evidence suggesting that other countries have similar programs . This is merely a response . The young men I 'm about to introduce to you have been working in secret , and we 've made numerous advances . In time , they 'll become the first non-4400s to develop extra-human abilities , and they 'll use them in the defense of the United States . Now I 'd like to introduce eight heroic young men , all of whom have given so much of themselves to make this breakthrough possible . RyIand 's preempting us . Trotting them out there on-stage like they 're the first astronauts . Major Jeremy Elwood . First Lieutenant Raymond Garcia . First Lieutenant Jeff Rice . First Lieutenant Brian Dawson . Second Lieutenant James Noland . Second Lieutenant Dirk Danoff . The press conference was a clever move , Dennis . I have to give credit where it 's due . But this company has five bodies on its hands . And I 'm gonna make sure everyone knows it . Knows what ? We 're not denying anything . It 's unfortunate that one of my men went AWOL , but he was clearly deranged . And I 've got a whole team of doctors standing by to testify to that effect . You created an assassin . It 's a tragedy . And it 's news , I 'II admit that . But tomorrow morning , the PiersahI case will be below the fold on every newspaper . And all the headlines will be about our program . That 's the way I see it , anyway . Wait , who 's feeding you your information ? You knew about the StarzI Mutation before we did . You have a source of promicin for your program . Who is it ? You give me too much credit , Tom . That stuff happens way above my security clearance . The soldiers you 're creating , are you really gonna use them to defend the country ? Or are you just gonna send them after the 4400 ? Is there a difference ? Enjoy your nephew 's wedding . You sure you 're ready for this ? Come on , you look ready . Let 's do this . hello there . Thanks for coming . Thanks , kids . Thank you for coming so much . Thank you for being here . Thank you so much for being here . Thank you . Thank you for coming so far . Thank you . I appreciate your coming all this way . Thank you so much . Shawn . Shawn FarreII . Do you know who I am ?
