 Early 21st century . Worldwide , the robotics industry is undergoing urgent development . By the year 2050 , Japan is the leader in robotic technology and manufacture . From consumer electronics to weaponry , in everything robotic they monopolize the market . However , as the technology for androids and parts to extend human life reach realization , the international situation makes an about-face . Just as with nuclear development and biotechnology , by way of a strict accord , regulations are established by the U.N. Japan protests and resists these regulations to the end , but the decision will not be overturned . In protest , Japan withdraws from the U.N. , choosing to embark upon the unsparing road of " high-tech national isolation " . 2067 . Japan uses its high technology to complete perfect national isolation . This year they welcome their tenth year . The thoroughness of an information quarantine policy shrouds the entire country in a veil of secrecy . Naturally , in these ten years , not one single foreigner has seen the true face of Japan . My schedule is ruined . Your family has already left Washington for Denver . Don 't the Japanese understand Christmas ? Dragging us out in the mountains ... It seems the British , French , and Russians have come as well . Final stand-by . We go in on my mark . What unsavory work on such a day . Our colleagues are probably just reaching the peak of the Christmas party . If you want to eat Mom 's cake , we 'll just have to wrap this up quickly . Without exception , all evolutionary theory throughout the world comes to the same conclusion . As this conclusion has been derived from the world , surely , one could say it is the future at which humanity is soon expected to arrive . If we at Daiwa Heavy Industries have your endorsement in this matter , please answer with a round of applause . I suppose you can 't ... The primary target is Saito of Daiwa Heavy Industries . We 're working on a tip-off . It might be a trap . Keep your eyes open . I said we wouldn 't need them , so why did we bring so many robots ? Beats me . Ask the chief ... They 're the latest Daiwa models . Latest or not I dislike mechanical lumps ! SWORD ? Maria ? Don 't stand in my way ! Damn ! Don 't leave behind any bodies . What 's with this treatment ! ? What 's SWORD doing here ? Hey ! Answer me ! Who do you think I am ? I won 't soon forget this ! Leon ! It 's a flagrant violation of international treaties . Which ones ? They ignored just about every one . Which part is metallic ? Well , it 's bio-metal . Is it possible the leg was the only robotic part ? I hope that 's the case . His bio-signature has been validated . I can 't deny the possiblity it was added afterwards . Is such a thing possible ? It is impossible for us . So , are you saying that this level of android is standard for Japan now ? If that 's true , it 's a threat rivaling nuclear technology . Damn . You mean Saito 's an android ? Either way , legal or not , it 's technology that doesn 't exist in America . It will require an extensive amount of time to analyze the evidence . This reminds me of San Pedro last month . Hey . Zack ! Even with all the people living in this city we only talk to people with this badge or our computers . It 's not just this city . It 's the age we live in . Anything from Irene ? Not since she left . Sorry ... By the way , heard anything about San Pedro from Leon ? Really ... Did the info for the mission come from San Pedro ? Yes . Not that there 's any reason to keep it hidden . " Daiwa " Is it really necessary for us to be on guard duty ? Seems they contain the latest robotic soldiers from Japan . But any enemy will generally have them as well . The battlefield is a showroom for things made in Japan after all . That 's why I think Japan should be handled like a growing tumor . Surely it won 't be long before they 're forced to pay . Cease pursuit and withdraw immediately . You 've got to be kidding . I repeat , cease pursuit immediately . This is our turf . Zack ! Hey , watch out ! SWORD ... December ... 23rd ... Mt . Filar ... A meeting ... Beware ... Maria ... Leon had complete faith in what the fugitive said and wouldn 't turn it over . But even now I can 't believe it was an android . Functionally ? You couldn 't tell it wasn 't human by appearance alone . Is there a possibility it was ? There was absolutely no bio-signature . But those eyes ... The results of the autopsy ? Due to political pressure , the android was returned to Japan that very same day . In the end they weren 't even able to touch it , let alone perform an autopsy . I see . Maria ... For ten years Japan has been keeping quiet . But since this mysterious behavior began last year , to ignore them would be dangerous . The purpose of the secret meeting on Mt . Filar is still unknown . As the State Department has acknowledged , the politician we 'd apprehended has urgent official business and was returned to work as of yesterday . We 've also received strong pressure from Japan for the return of Saito 's confiscated leg . The result of our analysis , the undetectable pseudo-organic metal composition of the leg , the allocation of the affixed bio-signature , leads us to the conclusion that the likelihood of Saito being an android is exceedingly high . Android development in disregard of the accord is a serious international crime . Even with so much evidence in hand , the White House is showing discretion to the end . Any action that might even slightly harm relations with Japan is forbidden at the present time . However , it is clear they are moving forward with something . Consequently , so that everything proceeds as usual , our objective will henceforth be regarded as independent action . No matter what happens , we will not be allowed American protection . Nevertheless , we must repel this menace facing the world with our own hands . Our mission this time : infiltration of Japan . It is time to expose the true face of Japan , which has been shrouded in secrecy these ten years . These are images of Tokyo obtained ten years ago , prior to their isolation . As we know , at present Japan is under complete isolation . Japan 's largest corporation , Daiwa Heavy Industries , has controlled everything in Japan from the economy to politics , from several years before isolation . It is our guess that they were the ones to press forward the issue of isolation . Used in the realization of their perfect high-tech isolationism is an electromagnetic network known as RACE . RACE is comprised of 270 dedicated , ocean-based antennas surrounding the entire nation . As you know , these filter all light and electromagnetic waves entering Japan and entirely diffuse any outgoing signals . Acting as a perfect barrier , it affects correspondence from Japan , not to mention satellite surveillance . The mission this time is to penetrate the electromagnetic field and transmit a special signal from inside to analyze the diffusion pattern . If successful , it will enable us to take direct photographs of Japan using a spy satellite . The objective upon landing is to transmit the signal from Tokyo a minimum of 3 minutes in order to situate the satellite . The problem is the route of entry . A " perfect wall " equal to RACE guards all physical routes of entry by water and air . It is impossible for the latest micro scouting devices , let alone people , to sneak in . After successful transmission of the signal , the infiltration unit will explore further through Japan , obtaining as much intelligence on Daiwa as possible . Seventy-two hours later , the team will be extracted from a predetermined location . Commander Leon Fayden has volunteered to lead this hazardous mission . Ten years ago , the Commander was dispatched to Japan heading up an anti-terrorist unit assisting them with public safety concerns . He remained after the closure of the border until they commanded his deportation . Why didn 't you tell me ? I didn 't want you to worry . Not about volunteering , that you were in Japan ! I never had a chance to . Is that really all ? Yes , it is . Didn 't want you involved ... Bring up the deck monitor ! This vessel is not damaged , whether by attack or accident . An American freighter in adjacent waters has just exploded . We 're in the middle of investigating the cause . To be sure , requesting emergency systems . Freight inspections all complete . They are safely through the border gate . Entering area of communications blackout We 've caught the diffusion electromagnetic wave . We 're counting on you . Three minutes . One minute down . Two minutes , thirty seconds down . Ten seconds to completion of analysis . Nine , eight , seven ... What is it ? The signal has been interrupted . The analysis ? No good . Analysis not possible . Scan again . Vexille , this way . Zack ! In these ten years , you are our first foreign travellers . We 've quite a welcome for you . On my signal , run for the ocean . There 's no way I 'll go alone ! You 're the only one with a back-up transmitter . We 'll follow afterward . Leon ... Don 't worry , Miss . I 'm alone . Nothing to be afraid of . Maria changed your clothes , not me . Maria ? Ah ! Don 't go outside ! Leon ... Be quiet and do exactly as I say . Maria ! Don 't go out on your own . They 're still swarming all over , looking for you . Sorry , Maria . It was my fault . To think SWORD would show up ... Oh ... There 's so much ! My colleagues ? Put this in cold water . Sure . What about Leon and the others ? What happened to Leon Fayden ? There is no news of your colleagues . We 're still looking . This is real . The real thing is rare , ya 'know . You slept for two days . Get some food in you first . You were the one who sent the messenger to America ? Just one more ... Where are we ? This used to be the city known as Tokyo . Tokyo ... Captain , a second transmission is coming through . Are you certain ? Certain , yes . From the back-up transmitter . It 's still coming in . We 're counting on you this time . Never used chopsticks before , Miss ? Tasty ? That 's like magic . Where did you hide it ? Saito 's heading this way . Most impressive ... Or so I thought . 5 guys for 1 girl ? That 's kinda pathetic . Where are you hiding the SWORD woman ? Any woman would run from a tacky tie like that . The boss goes soft on you . I won 't . I don 't know what you 're planning but whatever you do it 's just a matter of time . I 'll be waiting for you at headquarters . You 're right . It 's just a matter of time . Daiwa 's goons are dead-serious . What is it ? This place is so full of life . It 's the first time I 've ever seen a city like this . It 's somehow nostalgic ... Not good . Captain , three minutes completed . All right , run the analysis . Put the images from satellites JC17 JD15 on screens one and two . Beginning analysis program . Nothing there ... No mountains ... no rivers ... No cities ... What about Tokyo ? Show Tokyo . That 's all ? Daiwa Heavy Industries ... Captain , we 've got Lt. Commander Vexille Serra 's bio-signature in Tokyo . So , she 's alive . Satellite JD14 is scanning for her now . Any other survivors ? We cannot confirm yet . Captain , look at this . Put it on screen three . The red point is her . She 's being pursued ? JD14 is tracking her . ... Captain ? ... What is it ? The bio-signature map ... it 's unfiltered , sir . We can 't pick up any bio-signature other than hers . What 's going on ? They aren 't human ? Scan the entire country ! Maria ! What 's this ? We 'll wait here to make sure we 're not being followed . They say everything outside the city 's a wasteland . Daiwa built an island fortress just for themselves to escape to . Come here and see . Floating out in the sea , that 's Daiwa . It 's their fault no people are left . The Japanese race has been wiped out . But ... We 're not human any more . Not human ? We 're just fragments of humanity . Fragments ? Those fragments will soon disappear as well . You saw it , right ? The change to machine when those fragments disappear . Red blood no longer flows through our veins . You 're saying none of these people are human ? But I 'd never seen anywhere so alive . They 're all just living , trying to hold on to their humanity . Like eating food although we don 't need to . Ten years ago , just after the government began the whole isolation policy , an epidemic of unknown cause spread out from the heart of Tokyo . The infection began with a high fever and had a high mortality rate . It was never announced what kind of virus it was , or how it was transmitted . The government just required everyone to get vaccinated . That was the beginning of our tragedy . The disease was a government fabrication . And what they were injecting into everyone was a cyber-virus developed by Daiwa . The virus gradually undermines the cells in the body , mutating the molecular structure into bio-metal , replacing the human body itself with machine . The worst part is that the virus was still under development . What do you mean ? The citizens were all Daiwa 's guinea pigs and Japan was their grand test site . At last , the brain is copied over and the appropriation is finished . The person becomes a perfect android and comes under Daiwa 's control . The speed of the appropriation of the brain differs between people . Those that have yet to be completely copied over barely retain their sense of humanity . In short , just fragments of humanity . It 's poorly engineered and most of the population are reduced to mere junk . Even when successful , we become lumps of metal with our memories erased . Either way , we 're just miserable guinea pigs awaiting death . How long do you have ? They won 't be satisfied with just Japan . The next target is America . They 've already planted androids there . That politician ... Oh ! My buddy , Saga ! Go on ! We call that a " Jag " . It 's what happens to those that fail the mechanization process . When they find any kind of metal , they assimilate it . The wasteland 's full of them . Every now and then they 'll throw up some neat stuff , though . We should get going . Our secret base is underground . Saito , what about that SWORD woman ? We 've lost her . Failure 's dogging you since you let that informant escape to America . Maria is harboring the girl . Leave them alone . SWORD may have penetrated the RACE net . But even so , America won 't do a thing now . Relax , Saito . Our decade-long experiment nears fruition , at last . That group , G32 Beta , in the slums , they alone are perfect . Maria is a part of that group . Left alone they 'll join us in good time . But , sir ... We need not fear any act of man . Very well . Summon Itakura , Chairman of the slum . Here . A fresh piece of junk . You should be able to get the engine parts you need out of it . Thanks , it 's just in time . Where 's Maria ? Let me introduce you all . This is Vexille , from SWORD . Taro , is it ready ? Of course . My suit ... I 've repaired the damage and it 's ready for action at any time . Is this what you 're looking for ? ... I 've already sent out the beacon . ... For how long ? Longer than 3 minutes . So , we were able to defeat RACE ? Daiwa already reconfigured the diffusion pattern . Damn . SWORD only needs it down for a few minutes to get moving . Oh , and another thing , there 's one more SWORD agent at Daiwa HQ . Leon ? Yeah , Leon Fayden , I believe . Where exactly is he ? Any injuries ? Sorry , that 's all I know . Taro , what 's your source ? Daiwa 's main stream . There 's no mistake . Only Leon ? Y-Yeah ... Just as we thought . No bio-signature readings anywhere . I 've picked up a bio-signature in addition to Lt. Commander Serra 's . There 's just one other . What 's wrong ? The electromagnetic diffusion pattern has changed . Damn . I 'll re-run the analysis . Prepare Minerva for rescuing the survivors . Captain Borg , a call on the hotline . From the Secretary of Defense already ? No , sir . It 's the President . Borg , here . Yes , Mr. President . That 's correct . Seven agents . Yes . Understood . Our operations are suspended . Takashi , what on earth 's going on ? There 's going to be an earthquake . An earthquake ? Yes , it 's our last chance . We 're going to smash Daiwa . I 'm going to fight with Maria , too ! Three above-water freight tunnels connect Daiwa with the mainland . Only the main line links to the city . The others connect to the wasteland . They 're all ceramic ? Yes . A mid-scale earthquake is forecasted to occur within the next 24 hours . Already the joining parts have been opened . ... As a resistance measure . - Yes . And we 've found a weak spot in their earthquake-resistance measures . While they 're performing these measures , the five gates within the tunnel change over completely to battery power . This creates a 1.5 times the usual delay between the unidentified intruder alarm and the lockdown of each gate . What 's the time between tripping the alarm and gate closure ? Eighteen seconds . ... The distance between gates ? ... About twenty-five hundred meters . A difficult range even with the fighter suit 's speed . With our air-buggies , too . But it 's sink or swim . After you make it to Daiwa ? In case we get through the tunnel , we 'll be dragging this wire behind us . The Jags . If we get this wire to Daiwa , that should be enough . A lot of Jags will follow even this thin metal wire and surge into Daiwa . Maria , Chairman Itakura 's called an emergency council session . Is that all ? Yes , it is . Don 't make me repeat myself . We don 't plan to get in the way of those who calmly wait for the end . But surely you know Daiwa has begun stretching out their hand to America ? There 's little time left . Excuse me . You 're determined to go ? If you do so , Daiwa might open the gates to the wasteland . This town is their precious experimental material . They 'd never do that . In the end , we , and the people in this town , are both trying to protect the same thing . It 's just that we choose to fight ... until the very moment we become scrap metal . As an outsider , it 's not my place to say but ... This city is overflowing with the sense of this precious thing they are beginning to lose . But ... I feel Maria is fighting for what 's not yet lost . Foreigners are to be deported ? What 's the meaning of this ? Leon ... Maria , come to America with me . What do you mean ? Your departure permit is invalid . Lt. Commander Leon Fayden should have requested a pass for me . No such request was filed . That can 't be right . Check once more . Every check comes up the same . We must restrain you for now . Get out . What for ? Let me call him . Communication with the airport is not allowed . I 'm going with you . Let me join your mission . It 's a Japanese domestic matter . It 's no longer just Japan 's problem . You are in another country , please behave . What a disgusting American habit ... Leon volunteered to return here because of you . Maria , I 'm begging , take me to Daiwa with you . Don 't bring personal feelings into the fight . I 'm sure you want to help Leon , too . What 's wrong ? Takashi ! It can 't be ... Takashi , hold on . Takashi ! Takashi ... Takashi ! Takashi ? Takashi ! Was that human ? This is our law . Otherwise our plans will be leaked to Daiwa . Vexille . We need someone to replace Takashi . Once in the tunnel , we 'll barely make it even at full throttle . If you can , going down the middle will shorten the distance . If you touch the brakes , even for an instant , you might as well call it quits . Team Red will come with me to the first tunnel in the east . Team Black will go to the west with Saga into the third tunnel . This is the first time we moved so many units all at once . There 's no way of knowing how many Jags we 'll pick up en route . Even if there 's only one vehicle left in the end , don 't give up . It will be good as long as one wire makes it to Daiwa . Even if we are merely left-behind fragments , we are still human ! As long as we have pride as human beings , we can return to this country to the hands of mankind ! Yes ! Maria , there are more than we predicted , huh . Murata . I 'll fall back and take them off of you . Black to Red . Red here . We 'll be entering the gate now . Roger . Hey , they 're on you ! Murata ! We 're through the gate . Leave it to me . Second gate cleared ! Third gate cleared but we lost Masato 's team . Maria , we 've led them away from the gate . Make another run from the front . Roger . The Jags are on the wire and through the gate already . They 're too fast ! Maria ! Vexille ! One left . Maria . How come ... Bravo . I guess you didn 't expect the tunnel to be separated from headquarters ? That 's too bad . Jags can 't jump that distance . Chairman Itakura told us everything . Leon ! Nice to see you again , Maria . We know each other from our school days . You haven 't changed at all these ten years . More beautiful and more dangerous than anyone . Kisaragi ... You 're in breach of international law . Nobody move . Maria ... Seems my warning was futile ... Fate is ironic . To think you would see this face again ... I can 't let you do that ! " Insufficient evidence " ? Daiwa Heavy Industries is already beyond the reach of those of us in public safety . It 's not only a breach of treaty ; their research is extremely dangerous to mankind . They were acquitted this morning . We are the final figure of evolution . The existence of man will not go beyond the preparatory stage used for our creation . Where is evolution in these bodies ? Born of humankind , this body is perfection . Nothing can compare to this intellect and stability of emotion . We need neither sleep nor food , and above all , immortality is in our grasp . What dissatisfaction is there to be had ? You will join me in immortality soon enough . Only the chosen will evolve , and the reborn Japanese race will stand atop the entire world . This is the work of God . Now " God " means me ! He 's insane . However , before completion , this country has run out of experimental material . Your country has plenty . Splendid material like Leon . What 's so God-like about you ! ? Just another worthless human . If something had happened to me , it would have been disastrous . Once the experiment was a complete success and safety had been confirmed , of course , it was my intention to join in the evolution . All for this worthless guy ... My research brought you all eternal life . Your perfect body couldn 't possibly be expected to act on impulse . Stop , Saito . Stop it , please . The gates in the outer wall surrounding the slums are all opening up . You already have the citizens 'support . This is Chairman Itakura . Many of our comrades were betrayed by the hesitation of myself and the council . However , thanks to everyone 's courageous decision , those faults can be atoned for . Thank you all very much . Chairman Itakura ... Cut the central tunnel from headquarters ! A carrier is now en route inside the tunnel . Do not let it arrive . Detach the tunnel . Don 't let it in ! Damn . Piece of junk . As long as I have my research the world can still be mine . The Jags will be here soon . I 'll go after Kisaragi . Maria , you look after Leon . No , I 'll go after him ... You can 't run with that leg . Look after Leon for me . Maria ... Why didn 't you come to the airport that time ? I hate machines but I hate people like you even more . Vexille ! Vexille . Where 's Maria ? Stay back ! You bit of scrap metal , don 't come near me ! The Jags are coming . Maria ! Maria , run ! I won 't let you go ever again . Maria ! Jags throughout Japan came to nibble at Daiwa Heavy Industries and then sink into the sea . Maria and her people were wiped out . But I believe what they left us is something to hand over with great care . It was Maria that taught us as long as we pass along hope to the next generation we ourselves gain eternal existence .
