 My name is Molly Caffrey , and I work for the Federal government . I deal in worst-case scenarios , the unthinkable . On September 16th , 2005 the unthinkable happened . An extraterrestrial object appeared off the bow of a naval freighter . The entire crew was exposed to a high-frequency signal . Some died instantly , others began to change . They are now stronger , more resilient . They dream of alien landscapes , and they are driven by the impulse to infect others . Several of the crewmen are now loose in the United States . They will strike anytime , anyplace , anyone . Their goal : to turn us into them . But I have a plan to stop them . That plan is called " Threshold . " Threshold - Season 1 - Episode 7 " The Order " Why are you up ? I had a nightmare . It freaked me out . About what ? I was lost , surrounded by these giant crystal trees . We want to restore your DNA to what it was , so you can return to your life . But we don 't have the ability to do that yet . So any information you give us will help . Why do you want to infect others ? Do you think you 're improving humanity ? Are you trying to destroy us ? Do you even know ? The glass trees in my dreams ... What do they mean ? Is that where the alien probe comes from ? You appeared to me in a dream before we met at your military school . You know that ? All right . Is there anything we can get you to make you more comfortable . Different books ? I know you can read . You have all the memories and knowledge of Brian Janklow before the infection . I won 't give up on you . See you tomorrow , Brian . This is nasty . I was hoping that smell was from Fenway 's lab coat . Poppy 's Pizzeria should be sued for false advertising . Well , did that other place up the street close ? To us it did , thanks to Caffrey . - What are you talking about ? - Her maniacally detailed , pseudo-fascist Threshold plan ? Under its strategies for remaining covert , it says we can 't get delivery from the same restaurant twice in three months . Covering all the bases is her job . I think , before that alien object arrived , Molly Caffrey had a lot of time on her hands , and now we 're paying the price . Afternoon , gentlemen . Hey . What 's up ? Well ... data miners got a hit . A bunch of callers on a Rhode Island radio show claimed to be having dreams about glass trees . Like the ones you and me and Cavennaugh have ? Same imagery . So they 've had some sort of limited exposure to the alien signal , too . Well , we need to go confirm that . This is happening all the way up in Rhode Island ? Yeah , small coastal town . This will take priority over your other projects . I hear New England pizza is excellent . Why are you hitting me ? Great . What 's that ? Bad news . " Blackwood Institute 's Molly Caffrey is spearheading medical research " " into the genetic immunity of adolescents for a program called " " Threshold . " This is classified information . Read on . " Considering that Dr. Caffrey is an administration darling , tongues are wagging that Threshold may be a way for the president to leave a humanitarian legacy : a military weapon that doesn 't harm children . " Weapons . At least she didn 't mention aliens . Yet . You know how leaks work . Information starts with a trickle , then builds to a wave . I mean , how 'd she get this ? Clearly ... from someone in this building . Subbed by the " Red Team " Transcript : Raceman Synchro : Seb103 and Seth Cohen Corrections : EZ and Seth Cohen Where are we at ? Oh , I , uh , spoke to the radio host in Rhode Island . I said I was a public health official , wanted to make sure the glass tree dreamers were okay . I got the names and numbers of all the locals that called in about the dreams . - There are ten of them . - Good work . You said this was a coastal town ? Braxton , on the east shore . Ocean currents from the Big Horn explosion reached the eastern Rhode Island beaches . So maybe one of our missing crewmen washed up there . That 's certainly possible . There are still four in the wind . Cavennaugh and I are , uh ... dealing with an internal matter . Can you two run lead on this ? Yeah . Sure . We can handle it . Thanks . Oh , and we 've got IDs for you from the Center for Disease Control . Investigate this as a non-deadly virus . Update me and be careful . Make sure you 're armed . What ? Wait . You mean , like , carry a gun ? You developed the ammunition . Stunning the infectees is the most humane thing we can do . Still , handguns , it 's not me . Ditto . You know I 'm a lover , Caffrey , not fighter . Then make sure you take enough agents with you . Keep them close . We 've underestimated the alien infectees before and we 're lucky to live to ... not tell about it . - We 'll be careful . - Right . Did you finish the security diagnostic ? Did the entire building . Phone lines are secure . How about our cells ? Every Red Team cell member uses a frequency that Lucas devised . It 's untappable . We also made sure that no spaces within the building are being surveilled . And you included the elevators , rest rooms , parking structure ? Of course . And our ID-access scans haven 't been compromised . Let 's recheck the visual observation from outside . This is what anyone looking inside our window sees . - You said this is not a loop . - No , it 's a real-time feed from an insurance company in New Jersey . So there is no way anyone could be spying on us ? No way . I know you 'd rather be looking for an outsider , Molly , but , uh ... I get it . It 's an inside job . I 've triple-vetted all of our agents , and I 'll vet them again . No , I don 't think it 's an agent or a lab tech or a data miner . I mean , they don 't have the information to leak . Remember this entry ? It 's what was quoted in the paper . Adolescent immunity to the alien signal , from our little caper at the Weymouth Military Academy . Only the Red Team members and the National Security Advisor have access to the evidence tree . So ... the leak is one of us seven . What is it ? Intruder tried to push past security downstairs . They got him in lockup . - Was he armed ? - No , sir . Who are you and what are you doing here ? Senator Tollman ? Dr. Caffrey . What 's going on , sir ? After reading the paper this morning , that 's my question for you . The dream was really vivid the first night , not so much the last few . I didn 't even dream last night at all . Blood work 's fine . Excuse me for a minute . So , if they 're not infected , can 't we just send the goons outside ? I mean , they 're making me nervous . Yeah . Might allow these people to speak more freely . Hey , do you guys mind waiting outside for a minute ? - Sure , no problem . - Thank you . Thanks a lot . CDC ways send this much muscle for a virus ? Well , our attitude is it 's better to be safe than sorry . Well , I don 't understand . I feel totally fine . Yeah , me , too . Well , we think it 's a new kind of virus , the , uh , the feel-fine virus . Excuse me . - Yeah ? - Yeah , these guys are clean . Some elevated brain waves , but , uh , no mutations . Same with mine . Now , when did your two start having the dreams ? Four days ago . Yeah , my guy 's one week ago exactly . Did they tell you where they went that day ? Yeah , they were clerking at a convenience store here in town square . It was an ordinary day . They live on opposite sides of town . Yeah , this woman says , uh , she went to work in the next town over at an architecture firm . He took the day off , stayed close to home , worked on his truck . My guys ate dinner at a place down by the beach . Uh , Eddie 's Clam Shack . Yeah , so did mine . Threshold 's funding was an earmark on a military appropriations bill . Senator Chambers admitted to me that he tacked it on as a favor to the National Security Advisor . You bamboozled me . We didn 't mean any disrespect . Project Threshold is a highly classified operation . Doesn 't matter , Andrea . As chairman of the Appropriations Committee , I am legally bound to see every appropriation , every expenditure that goes through my committee , including classified operations . There is a uniqueness to this project , Senator . Doctor , everybody says that about their pork ... from bridges to nowhere to , my personal favorite , livestock museums . I can assure you that Threshold is not a livestock museum . That 's not good enough , J.T. I 'm looking at a $ 30 million expenditure and I am answerable to the taxpayers , as I should be . You should have called me instead of trying to bully past reception . Andrea , frankly , I wasn 't sure you would be straight with me . I wanted to see things myself . Making a scene could have compromised our security . You went about this the wrong way , Will . Keeping me in the dark on this project compromised the law . J.T. , Molly . I have to ask you to excuse Senator Tollman and me . Okay , thanks . All six other dreamers ate at this place . Man , I was afraid an alien infectee was behind this , but what if the fish being served at this restaurant have been genetically mutated by the signal ? Human ingesting of alien-infected animal life . Can you imagine the possibilities of that scenario ? Don 't sound so excited , Dr. Frankenstein . Guys , run with this . I mean , what if we find a bunch of mutated fish at this place ? - What do we do ? - Shut it down . Shut down every dock , fishery , grocery store and restaurant selling fish from northeastern waters . - Oh , that 's all . - What choice do we have ? These people are presumably having dreams from eating one meal . What if they ate multiple servings of infected food ? The cumulative effect would be devastating . There is a silver lining here . I 'm no longer hungry . * Dream on , dream on . Dream on , dream until your dreams are ... * I follow Board of Health regulations to the letter . This isn 't about cleanliness . We 're tracking a virus . If we find out it 's not food-borne , you can reopen . Well , can you please hurry ? I mean , news like this , it 's gonna spread like wildfire . What exactly did you buy from local fisheries ? Everything but the salmon , uh , the shrimp . And they 're all reputable dealers , too . Every person suffering from this hallucinogenic virus ate here . Yeah , well , I eat here every day , and I 'm fine . What 's going on ? Oh , these guys are Feds . Say we 're giving people food poisoning . Are you kidding ? You can eat off that floor . - What 's your name ? - Jake Singleton . You been having any strange dreams lately ? No . Why ? I 'm gonna need to take a blood sample from you , too , make sure you 're healthy . Sure . Let me lock the back door and I 'll wash up . We 're closed . I need to talk to you about the dreams . Looks like we got another . Hi . Darryl Brown , Broxton Dispatch . Here we go . We 've been getting calls that there 's been some kind of viral outbreak , and this is ground zero . Uh , you know , that 's just speculation at this point . Oh , you 're with the CDC ? - Yeah , but let 's ... - Six CDC officials ... Mr. Brown , we 're gonna have to ask you to leave . Lucas . - Let 's go . - Come on ! You see ? I 'm the one that 's having a nightmare here . All I wanted to do was feed people . I saved all my cash , I took cooking lessons , I designed this place myself , and now this . We 're sorry . - If there 's anything we can do to help ... - We can 't . Knock it off . The clerk 's taking an awfully long time washing his hands . He 's gone . - Yeah , well , his shift ends at 7 : 00 . - So why 'd he run ? I don 't know , maybe he 's taking a cigarette break . His stuff 's over there . We may not be looking for fish after all . The hands on his watch bend into the fractal pattern . I 've never divulged a source before , and I won 't now . Even if it 's a matter of national security ? Your job is national security , mine is informing the public . I could cite the Patriot Act . I could cite the First Amendment . Wouldn 't keep you from going to jail . Then so be it . Be better than losing my credibility and destroying my career . This isn 't Watergate , Janet . It 's a small , blind item of speculation . We wouldn 't be sitting here if this wasn 't significant . I can promise you not to print anything else about your Threshold project if you give me an exclusive . Can 't do that . Did your source say that Threshold was a weapons program ? No . From the limited information I got , I made an educated guess . Dr. Caffrey , most of your think tank papers have been published , but Threshold is one of three you wrote that are classified . How 'd you know that ? When the administration used your plan for the Zimbabwe uprising , you became an important person in this town . I 've done my homework . So are the other two classified plans weapons proposals as well ? I came here to get information , not to give it . Well , then , you 're buying me lunch for nothing . The entire Hill 's buzzing about this press leak . We 're in the process of plugging it . Good . How 'd you handle Tollman ? I swore him in as a Threshold confidante . Why ? He threatened to take the matter to the Senate floor . It was either take him in , or all of Congress . What does he know ? The basics of events , and your plan . He has full security clearance . You 're to give him a tour . Full security clearance ? Even the Vice President and Joint Chiefs don 't have access here . Unlike other projects , he can 't send auditors here . He needs the ability to see things firsthand . So , uh , I have another boss . Yes . He 's waiting for you in the lobby . Naturally , I was astounded at what Andrea told me . This signal , what are the effects besides strength and endurance ? The genetic drive to infect others . It 's extremely dangerous . Enhanced strength . Bet the military would love to figure out how to achieve that . Our focus is on assessment , containment , and reduction of the threat . We 're a long way from determining any medical applications for what we 're finding . With additional funding , maybe we could expand your focus . Possibly . This is the Med Lab , run by Dr. Nigel Fenway , former NASA medical director . This is where we do research into gene mutation , looking for a vaccine , or hopefully someday a cure . This is our Bio Lab , also run by Dr. Fenway . These guys are on overdrive . They were exposed to the alien signal on the Big Horn naval freighter . They look normal . But infected humans do , too , don 't they ? Yes . Except for those who have a bad reaction to the signal . They deform and die . I want to see one of your infectees that you in detainment . They 're downstairs . He 's just a kid . He 's a full-blown alien infectee and very dangerous . What are those metal balls on the floor ? Food trays from today 's breakfast . - Can I speak with him ? - Go ahead . He won 't respond . I try every day . Good morning . Morning , son . I 'm Senator Will Tollman . How are you ? I miss my family . - Do you know your name ? - Yes , sir , of course . I 'm Brian Janklow . Freshman Squad Leader at the Weymouth Academy in Virginia . What happened to you , Brian ? Some sound made me do crazy things . I 'm okay now . But they don 't believe me , and they won 't let me see my family . - They say you 're very sick , son . - I 'm not sick . I feel great . They why do you think you 're in here ? Because she 's jealous that I can do this . All I ever wanted to do was fight for my country . Maybe we can help you , son . Thank you , Senator Tollman , sir . - Will you talk to me later , Brian ? - Of course , ma 'am . You know I welcome your visits any time . Keeping that boy here is totally unacceptable . That " boy " tried to kill me and infect millions of people with the alien signal . - Yeah , I heard the story . - He is extremely deceptive , Senator . That 's what the servicemen said about the captives at Abu Ghraib . There 's no abuse going on here . Janklow is fed well and receives regular medical attention . What does his family think ? That he died accidentally at his military school . Our goal is to restore his DNA . And when does that happen ? I don 't know . In the meantime , does he ever get to see the light of day ? We are building a larger facility for the infectees . But right now , our biggest concern is keeping them away from the general population . - If the public ever saw this ... - We are protecting the public . You said so yourself , Doctor , all they 're trying to do is convert others . We could say the same thing about Jehovah 's Witnesses , we don 't lock them up . That is the stupidest thing I 've ever heard . Handling this development is a big responsibility , Dr. Caffrey . But I fear that you may be in way over your head . Janklow finally spoke . Played Senator Tollman like a pro . - You think Tollman 's going to be trouble ? - From the start ... then I called him stupid . - Are you kidding ? - Do I look like I 'm kidding ? I must have missed the " insulting Senators " part of the Threshold plan . Did you get anything out of the reporter ? Decent Cobb salad . How did you do ? Thanks to you keeping her busy , I had plenty of time to copy the notes she keeps in her apartment . I felt kind of bad about it . Janet 's a good reporter . Yeah . It 's better than locking her up . Look , I have something here you 're not going to like . Her notes from the 21st . " Threshold , M. Caffrey , med research on adolescent thymus immunity , per N.F. " Yeah , the only N.F. I know around here is Dr. Nigel Fenway . I 'm not going to be able to give you any answers any time soon . I 've got six local fish samples to test . I 've also got all the other foods and the beverage canisters . What 's going on ? We have a leak . Someone 's been speaking to a reporter about Threshold . Someone on the Red Team . You think it 's me ? We have to ask . - Asking everybody ? - Oh , come on , Fenway . - You 've been our biggest critic . - That 's right . I think it 's foolish not to ask for global help in tracking these alien infectees . I also think it 's the public 's right to know about the threat they 're facing but that 's not my call . This is just great . I 'm trying to do a job I didn 't sign up for , in a town I can 't stand ; alimony piles up for three ex-wives ; - and now I 'm being accused of treason . - Maybe it was an accident . - Do you know a reporter named Janet Tam ? - I never heard of her . But it wouldn 't matter if I slept with her . I take my classified status seriously . So either lock me up , or let me do my job . - Hey , we 're not through with you . - Wait . - I don 't think he did this . - Why not ? He hasn 't stopped criticizing us since he came here . Exactly . He 's not the type to stab in the back . Fenway stabs in the front . Okay , okay , play it your way . But if you 're wrong , he will be locked up . There is no one here , open it up . The manager of this fleabag motel says Jake the busboy 's been living here two weeks . That 's when the Big Horn sank . Yeah , but he doesn 't match the pictures of our other crewmen . Yeah , hello , operator , this is federal agent number 55676 . Can you tell me the last number dialed from this phone and when ? Thank you . These drawers are completely empty , there 's a sock on the floor . This guy packed in a hurry . Yeah . Thank you . He phoned the bus station fifteen minutes ago . Okay , guys , get down to the bus station as soon as you can and pick him up . This guy might be an infectee . We should stay here and see what else we can find . Right . - Whoa . - What ? Is this blood ? Wow . I 'd hate to see what was in this . Or who . Put that down . I knew you were here for me ... not some disease . And I know exactly who you are . Once I can 't see four hands , I 'm going to start shooting until I 'm empty . We just came to see if you were all right . Yeah , right . Do I look stupid to you ? Don 't say it . Look , we 're from the Center for Disease Control . Check our I.D. ' s . We want to make sure you 're okay . You know I 'm not okay . You poisoned me . You 're making me have ... some dreams about ... being in a glass jail . But I am not going to jail . No , we don 't want to put you in jail . - That 's not blood on you , is it , Jake ? - It 's poison dye , you know that ! Now I get it ... you robbed a bank , they put an explosive dye pack in with the money and then it went off , and you ran , and you took a job at Eddie 's until you figured out what to do about getting the dye out of the money , - and then ... then the dreams started . - Shut your mouth ! Put down your weapon and exit the building ! Great . Cops . Did one of you call them ? ! We 've had our hands up . I can 't dial with my ass . You think maybe ... shooting a gun off in a motel room got their attention ? Are you trying to be a smart mouth ? Absolutely not . You blew it with Tollman , kid . I know . How bad is it ? He wants to move infectees under the Pentagon 's watch . The Pentagon doesn 't know anything about this genetic mutation . He said you can teach them . I don 't think his motive for this has anything to do with humanitarian concerns , - or with what I said . - Nor do I. Will 's been wanting a place in the Defense Department for a long time , and he sees this as a way in . - What should I do ? - Nothing for now . I 'm flying with him to L.A. tomorrow for a conference . I 'll talk to him . I appreciate it . Little did you know when you became my advisor in grad school , it 'd be a lifetime assignment . I 'd say you can thank me when you get your award ... but I don 't think they give them out for what you do . How are you doing on the leak investigation ? We got some information that points to Dr. Fenway , but ... I don 't believe it 's him . Don 't let friendship cloud your judgment . We 're not friends . You six have been through a lot together . You can 't let your desire to protect one individual risk the other six billion . - What 's the special today ? - Mistrust ... with a side of insult . - How is the fish testing ? - So far , genetically sound . Good . I don 't believe you 'd leak classified information . Nice to hear . But I do need to track down every lead , and the one that led to you is significant . Help me clear your name , so I can move on . All right . Someone spoke to Janet Tam at the Globe yesterday about your research into adolescent thymus development . - Well , even my lab techs don 't know that . - Yeah , I know . You spoke to someone about it last Tuesday , who ? Only you . Where were you ? You seem very sure this man was here that night . Nigel 's here every night . He always tells me my coffee 's too weak , and we argue about baseball . - Does he have a favorite seat ? - Second stool from right . Do you have a security camera ? Nobody robs diners , not enough cash . - Any other regulars at night ? - At night , no . - Molly . - Excuse me . Look ... - A bug . - Very state of the art . But not one of ours . There 's friggin 'reporters out there now , too . I can give you the name of a compound that will remove that dye without harming the money or your skin . Well , I 'll tell you what , Mr. Scientist , I 'm only going to take one of you with me , so why don 't you give me the name of that compound ... and it will be you . Why would I want to be your hostage ? Because the other one of you is going to die . - Bioboxprin . - Thanks , partner . You know , murder will only add to your sentence , if you get caught . If I get caught ... - I 'm going away forever , anyway . - I 've got a wife and eight kids . Nobody that wears nice shoes ... has eight kids anymore . That 's a good observation . You know ... that 's going to be the police . If you 're really planning on taking me with you , you should tell them over the phone , rather than through the window , where they might be able to shoot you . What the hell happened ? - Electric shock . - You were armed the whole time ? Dr. Caffrey 's orders . And the problem is I calibrated these stun shells for alien infectees . The shock would kill a human , so I had to wait till he was touching something to partially conduct the electricity . I didn 't want to risk it . You didn 't want to risk it ? How thoughtful ! Is everybody okay in there ? Threat neutralized , Officer ! We 're okay . Yeah ? ! Hey , why aren 't you picking up your phone ? A psychopath had us at gunpoint . All the fish samples checked out fine . Well , what about the DNA on Jake the busboy 's watch ? Yes , there were enough epithelials in his watchband . He 's not an infectee . Okay . You know what ? Do me a favor , Fenway : run his DNA through the FBI criminal database . Sure . Where are you with the signal investigation ? Square one . I found him , I 'm moving in . Time for a confession , Father ? Sorry ... no . Oh , it 'll just take a minute . Get off me ! My bad , you were already listening to somebody else ... Get up ! What 's this ? - No , it 's not . - Well , then , why am I here ? Because the guy who sold you the bug gave you up in three seconds . Buying a listening device isn 't illegal , either . True . But using one in D.C. is . We found yours under a counter , two blocks away . What do you want to know ? Who hired you to follow Dr. Fenway ? Paula Fenway . - His ex-wife ? - His third one . This is about alimony ? In my racket , it always is . He 'd been real secretive about his new job , and she figured he was holding out on higher payments . I was just tailing him for her . The P.I. ' s name is Nicky Frost ? N.F. ? There 's a coincidence . Ask Baylock to get you a cover story for Paula and the other people in your life . I 'll do that today . How long was he recording me ? Eight days . Our agents got all the tapes . There 's nothing else on them about Threshold . Thank God . I owe you one for ... believing in me . I need better than that , and you know it . You have to follow my protocols . I mean , you 're supposed to mix up your routine , but you went to that diner every night ? That 's how you get spied on , or kidnapped , or worse . I realize that . I don 't know anyone in this town . I work all day and into the night ... Hotel is claustrophobic , it 's crawling with government goons . I went to this diner just to breathe . And , finally , I found somebody who could argue intelligently about ... bullpen depth . When I stopped hanging out with my friends , or ... even returning their e-mails , they thought I had cancer or something . So I convinced them I didn 't , and now they think I 'm seeing a married man . And I let them . - It must be hard not to see them . - Yeah , it is . But , this way , I know an alien infectee isn 't going to track me to my Tuesday night poker game and kill all of them . Point taken . The protocols aren 't my idea of a life , either , but the alternatives are worse . - I won 't break them again . - Good . You 're really not FBI ? Do you think he could 've made it through Quantico ? I don 't care . I 'm not helping you . Dude , we 're trying to help you . Okay ? We don 't have the virus , you do . And there 's one thing we didn 't tell you about it . What ? The virus , the thing that 's been causing your dreams , - could be fatal . - You got to be kidding me ! This sucks . I don 't want to die . Then tell us about those dreams . I started having them when I went to work for Eddie . - Every night after work ? - No . Just some nights . Any difference in your job routine on those particular days ? Yeah . I washed the dining area down more , those days . So ... if Jake was a bank robber , why was he poisoning my customers ? We don 't think the two are related . So , basically , I 'm just the unluckiest bastard on the planet . Well , this week , anyway . Hey , the upside is your food tested fine . You don 't get it . This town is enjoying two of biggest stories of the decade : that my place is a disease pit , and that my busboy is Clyde Barrow . I 've pretty much sold my last fried clam here . Dr. Ramsey ? This is where Jake 's watch was sitting . Right ... and we assumed the disturbance came from Jake . Look at this . This is a portion of a ship 's deck . Eddie , where did you get this wood ? Oh , I found that on the beach . Told you I did the place myself , the interior . Look at this burn . It 's explosive residue . This is a remnant from the Big Horn ship . So the plank 's low-grade emission was strong enough to affect the brain wave . Making ordinary people dream like those who heard the signal for a short amount of time . How 's Eddie , the owner ? Bankrupt , but physically unaffected . I 'll study his DNA , see if there are any clues as to why he wasn 't . We want to transport this plank back to HQ . We 're gonna need some protective covering that Lucas made for your lab . - How big is the piece ? - About six feet by two . Oh , no . What , you run out ? No , one of my Animal Studies CDs is missing . What is it ? It 's a copy of the alien signal . When were you last in the vault ? Yesterday morning , all the CDs were there . Hey , Molly , when did you show Tollman the lab ? - Yesterday , around noon . - You show him the vault ? - Yeah , but I didn 't open it . - Tollman did . With his fingerprint access , at 2 : 10 p. m . That 's when you and Baylock were questioning me in here . He took the signal . Senator Tollman ! Federal agents ! What 's that sound ? It 's coming from upstairs . Bedroom . - He played the signal here . - And she didn 't survive it . The signal 's power must have shorted out the CD player . No CD . Molly , stay back . It 's mutating ... The poor thing is dying . That " poor thing " could take a bite of you before he does . Heads up down there ! - I never liked cats . - I never liked Tollman . That 's before he was infected , and on the loose with the signal . She obviously had a severe reaction to the signal . Melissa Boyer , Senate intern . - How old ? - Twenty-one . This woman is dead because of me . You didn 't kill her , Tollman did , and we have to find him . Well , it looks like he canceled all his appointments . What would your next move be , if you were him ? Get as far away from us , as soon as possible . Spread the signal . He 's supposed to be on a flight to L.A. with Andrea . I need four men at Ronald Reagan Airport flight hangar , right now ! Copy that . - This is amazing . - What ? The crystals formed on this wood 's plankton . They 're identical to the glass trees I 've been dreaming about . What does it mean ? My guess is the signal changes the plant cells , as well as animal genes . What , terraforming as well as bio-forming ? Makes me glad we blew up that ship . But there 'll be other pieces of debris out there with this life-form on it . We 'll tell Caffrey , we 'll track them down . This is a good find . - What ? - Totally switching gears for a second . I know we handled ourselves the best way we could , but I can 't stop thinking about poor Eddie . - Don 't . - He put his life into that restaurant , and now ... it 's just gone . - He lost it . - I 'm telling you , let it go . You know , Ramsey , you can be a real cold-hearted bastard , you know that ? I 'm serious , dude . - How would you feel if it were you ? - Lucas ... You 're the first one to complain about how Threshold ruined your life . Lucas , listen , Eddie 's okay . - What ? - Yeah , he 's gonna be fine . Jake 's real last name is Green . There was a $ 75,000 reward for his capture . I told the feds that Eddie turned him in to us . Really ? Really . Eddie 's selling his place . He said the additional reward money is gonna help him get a piece of land he wanted on Cape Cod . - You 're kidding me . - Not this time . - I guess I owe you an apol ... - Please , don 't . Wow . I went all action hero , and you turn into Mother Teresa . - Guess we surprised ourselves . - Okay , back to your science , Starsky . A young woman is dead ... - because of us . - I was just trying to make a living . - Tell your bosses . - My bosses ... left your fate up to me . And I 'm pressing charges . Felony wiretapping . Let 's settle ! Cops are on the way . Come on ! Give me a break ! Give you a break ? If you 'd shown one glimmer of humanity when I told you someone died , I might have . Now , I 've got a date with a dead cat . Tell Paula ... I traded up . Ground Control said the plane took off an hour ago . Our tracking system confirms it . Our guys just missed them . That 's the ninth time I 've tried Hatten . Still no answer . They also confirmed Tollman was on board . Get agents to Los Angeles to meet them on the tarmac . They 're over Ohio . They won 't land for four hours . I 'm on it . Caffrey . Molly , it 's Andrea . - Andrea , are you all right ? - Fine , fine . You 've been calling . What 's wrong ? - Tollman 's on the plane with you ? - Yes . And I spoke to him . Everything is going to be fine . He 's infected . What ? He stole a copy of the alien signal . He listened to it . Are you sure ? Very . We just left his house . His intern is dead . Well , he seems pretty normal to me . That means nothing . They can do that . Just ... - play along with whatever he says . - Okay . We 'll have agents on the ground to meet you . That 'll be impossible . We land in less than ten minutes . Ten minutes ? Where are you ? We 're over California . We left three hours early . - Oh . - Don 't worry . I 'll play it cool , in case you 're right . And I won 't let him out of my sight , once we land . Good . Excuse me , excuse me , coming through . Excuse me , coming through . Tommy , I need to speak to the president . It 's an emergency . Andrea said they took off early ; that she was ten minutes from L.A. She lied to you . They 're way off course . Ground Control thinks they 're headed for Mexico . If they leave the U.S. , there 's no way our agents can intercept them on the ground . The president says you should pull the trigger , if you can 't stop them . I want to try to reach the pilots again . We tried dozens of times . The pilots refuse to respond . They 're ignoring their escort . They 're infected , Molly ... like everyone else on that plane . Just one more time . Strike Flight Zero One ... - initiate a call to the pilot . - Stand by . Threshold Command , negative response , sir . Strike Flight Zero One , do you have a visual of the pilots ? Threshold Command , in contact visually with the pilots . They 're alert , but will not respond . There are eight passengers on board , right ? Tollman , Hatten , Senator Kramer , three aides , and the two pilots . Threshold Command , Flight Zero Two is in position , feet wet . Need to pull the trigger within six mikes or abort . Strike Flight Zero One ... bring it down . Roger that , Threshold Command . - Strike Flight Zero One ... - Yes , ma 'am ? Use satellite to mark the strike for later debris retrieval . Roger that , Threshold Command . Zero One out . Best they could hope for is us keeping them in lock-up indefinitely . Yeah . Yeah , remember that . And if it ever comes to it , I 'm telling you now , I 'd rather be dead . Anyone would . The reports will say that wind shear ... forced the plane into the Rocky Mountains . Subbed by the " Red Team " Transcript : Raceman Synchro : Seb103 and Seth Cohen Corrections : EZ and Seth Cohen Caffrey . Molly , honey . I heard about what happened to Andrea on the news . I 'm so sorry . Oh , Mom ... You want me to fly in this weekend ? No , it 's okay . Just , um , just talk to me a minute . Of course . What would you like to talk about ? I don 't know . What 's going on at home ?
