 Mmm ... French ? Dialect of Normandía . You are intelligent . I like that . Hey ... A question ... What is . Do you make this with all your clients ? , you already know ... many types go to that club ... You are the first one . Guau ... And what does he / she make me so special ? Because you are amusing . And also ... I always wanted to make it with a gynecologist . It excites anyone . He / she didn 't know that this place had service of rooms . We are well . Thank you ! He / she waits , he / she waits a moment ... where do you go ? I have to leave . He / she waits , he / she waits ... I take charge . If ! Wait , Monsieur ! Do you know ? , is one of those probably hoodlums of Caffrey that should follow me . Caffrey , who is that ? Your wife ? That wanted her . What do you want of me ? Who was she ? Candy Came ... I suppose that it is not their real name . Do you believe ? He / she worked in a called place " Beneath the Beltway " In the surroundings of Wisconsin New local , new identity ? - What , have you been there ? - Clear . Some nights I go and I win myself something money for my bill . Seriously ? You know , to be a genius you are not so intelligent . You said that you left the work because you were sick . Yes , do you know ? , does the sex have healing effects , certain , Fenway ? . Listen , the first time that there am was been there . I go them mixing . - I am following your beautiful protocols . - The real name is Emily Biggs . She lived in Crescent Circle . - Did he / she seem to know the attacker ? - Yes , I found this way it . This type was also really strong . I gave him a strong blow in the head and it didn 't stop . He / she has to be alienígena . - Has somebody seen my pants ? - Are they able to him they bring an alone coffee ? ... but , find their pants first . - I take it with milk of soya . - Take it alone . Molly . That you find the one does it grab of this type ? It destroyed the handle of the door totally . I found epiteliales of the forehead under their fingernails ... they left positive in triple helix . Then the man that I kill her is definitively an alienígena ? . Do you know ? , does he / she have triple helix as the other ones but ... it is present in less than the one 60 % of their DNA . Was bioformado partially ? It seems that Ramsey you mole with a type of different alienígena . THRESHOLD Chapter 12 " The Watchman " Translated and synchronized by ToKuRo National institutes of Health I center Clinical - Building 10 Oh , Lucas . You arrive on time ... the pancakes of the street of this place is surprising . I cannot go . And you came until here to tell me that ? They have just called me to the pager . Ramsey came out last night ... I suppose that he / she had some species of near " " encounter . - Do I " find near ? " - You know that I cannot speak of it . - Is it well ? - Yes , it is afraid but it will be well . - The pancakes can wait , he / she walks . - We have dinner tonight . I am not the only doctor in the planet whose husband is busier than me . Their darker hair and their eyes more separate . I believe . Do you believe ? It was dark . That and the liquor . Their more prominent ears ... more " Prince Carlos " , do you know ? ... more far from the head . - Scars ? do you Mark distinctive ? - No that I remember . Oh , we go Ramsey , did you dress to the type or not ? Wider the chin , put him less brows . To somebody it does intrigue him what happened ? You are one of the few ones that know of the threat alienígena , ... and the one infected enters in the room of your motel and bush to the nudist but not to you . Would it please you that I had died ? Without comments . Listen ... you worry for something or for somebody ? , ... I mean ... Oh God , has he / she had sex at some time ? What did you say ? Mr. Baylock ... Mister , he / she can us to give some minutes ? Let us maybe progress more both alone . Call me when it finishes of to order the " pieces . " - Don 't you remember how the type , certain is ? - Do I attempt it friend , of agreement ? What do you have ? Our alienígenas murderer knows enough of human anatomy . I use some type of surgical kitchen knife for to cut each nerve or fiber ... that it unites the brain and the cerebellum ... she died in seconds . Then we are looking for a Doctor . The weapon was curved , with jagged edges ... possibly a lateral knife of osteotomía ... with some personal modifications . You and Lucas check each company of medical supplies in the area . See if somebody requested a knife as that recently . Something more than you can tell me of him ? Of our new alienígena type ? . Not without fresh fabric samples . It cannot be coincidence . Which the probabilities are that an alienígena ... enter in the motel room of Ramsey to kill this girl ? Ask to Ramsey , he is the mathematician . Why did he / she love you dead ? Dra . Caffrey ... I received a call from the one Managing Stillwell of the FBI ... he / she says that he / she needs to speak with somebody of Threshold right now . On what ? He / she didn 't want to go into details , I suppose that it will be for our investigation of the murderer . It is not maybe happy with which we make ourselves to go by agents of the FBI . I will check what he / she wants ... What I know ... it is that a cretin one came a even of times , Candy said that it harassed her . Wise her the name of him ? No , anything of names . He / she said that the type it followed it to the work from the supermarket . The second time that he / she came we request him kindly that he / she left . I use credit card while was it here ? I pay cash . Look , I take care of my girls . And at the end of their shifts ... I make sure that they escort them to their cars . Sure it followed it to their house . He cares if we speak with the other girls ? - No . Ahead , please . - Thank you . Will they catch not to this type ? We hope it is this way . What you can to tell me of the type that harassed Candy ? Not a lot , she didn 't speak of that . It seems that he / she was released ... What do you mean ? We used to leave and one day it changed , ... queerly . How queerly ? I don 't know , it was always angry and being drugged , ... sew that never before ago . - Did they already clean their pigeonhole ? - No . Up to the right . Did I already tell him ... does it miss , hey ? And also that ... it always gobbled those bars of proteins . Up to 10 a day sometimes . Thank you . He / she calls to Fenway . Tell him that he / she makes a test of DNA . Oh Guau ! I had sex with a they ally ! I checked it twice , their DNA he / she has the triple helix . The " normal " variety of triple helix . The infection can spread for sexual contact , certain ? - I will need a sample of blood ... - Clear . All the one that you want . Why didn 't they check it before ? We were never happened that a alienígena killed his . It is a new behavior . Molly , can I speak to you one second ? Stay to the point . - I trust in that used protection . - It takes out the damned blood Fenway . Speak with the Managing Stillwell To the view the FBI was investigating four previous homicides , ... all similar ones ... scalpel in the base of the nape , all in the last 5 days . How it is that we didn 't know that up to now ? Isolation among agencies ... as we made ourselves go by agents of the FBI in the scene of the crime , ... the police of D.C. it assumed that we were already to the so much of all the above-mentioned . Tell them that we take the control of the investigation . Where did they store the bodies ? Building of the F.B.I. Washington D.C. These three kill they are infected . I suppose that this he will be also . We have among hands to a do I murder in alienígenas series ? It seems this way ... and it is being very productive . Agents send to their houses . That they look for the road for the which they were infected . Will it be for the food another time ? In the laboratory I can make the test of Daphne . Don 't we have a bigger problem ? As the why this " Ted Bundy " alienígena is it killing those of their species ? . It could be a blessing of the sky . He / she is making our work for us . It is not our work to murder infected . You have already killed to several and it had not bothered you . The Sergeant Adams for example . I believed that this had overcome it , Adams is a different case and you know it . Yes , good , when I find a point clings to him . - That was quite ironic . - But he / she is right Caffrey . This moonstruck one maybe solves our problem with the " E.T. " I say that we give him a medal . Then we sit down in our bottoms ... and we wait to that this " watchman " do save the planet ? Hey ... this gave negative of the triple helix . - Are you sure ? - Yes , it is perfectly normal . Human . So he is not only after alienígenas ... innocent people are killing . Cadaver happening ! Do you have one minute ? Did I make something bad ? Anything that I know . Will you give me an increase ? It bets to that am busy . - Like Ramsey is ? - Even human . - Was not it infected ? - No , he / she was lucky . I assume that you kept its it shows of blood . Of course . I want a test of toxins right now . - Can I ask , why ? . - Only give me the results . Good that is ... confidential information Nobody in this building the luxury is given of to have privacy . Make me know what you find . Do you feel the love ? In the last month 23 orders of surgical instruments ... they were given to local hospitals . It tries to intertwine those name in the invoices ... with the names of those registered doctors . Of all the girls in all the clubs in the tri-state area ... I had to go to bed with one infected . You should thank that you left clean . Even this way , the only thing among me and they combine it it was a millimeter of latex . See to sleep something , you go home . Not more erotic dances . Clear , and you grieve Baylock it leaves it revokes me the permits ... and it removes me the parking . And is now that so bad ? It is not that it has been of your pleasure to work here . He / she can that he / she feels the effect that Caffrey has me taken out of my comfortable work ... and he / she has made me one of their " men of black " but ... I prefer to be here inside that out in the cold . Baylock has been waiting for one it excuses to kick me outside of here . No , Baylock pursues you because you are a lustful one . Are you on the side of that Fascist ? Non Ramsey me only ... None of the names in those you bill it belongs to doctors . They belong maybe only to people that I stuff the purchase orders . I will pirate the bases of data of the hospitals ... I will see if encounter what doctor requested which thing . No , you won 't make it . Salt of here , you go with your wife . It is well , I don 't care to stay . Friend , so that a relationship works they should have moments of quality together . You are giving me matrimonial advice ? He / she comes , seriously . Other times there are changed your plans for me . Allow me to compensate you for it . - Are you sure ? - Yes , it hurries before I am sorry . This is normal . He / she doesn 't have infected DNA . But it shows activity to under level of waves theta . But , is it dead , certain ? Yes , the cerebral activity post-mortem it is not unusual in people ... exposed to the sign alienígena . I made an I rake and you believe it or not , this type ... it is one of those that ate shellfish infected in Rhode Island . Those of the strange dreams It is maybe as well as our doctor it selects their victims . Perceiving their waves theta . It could have been collided with this type when crossing the street . The owner of the club said that the murderer he / she saw Candy in the supermarket . It could have been collided her in the box ... to have her " sense " ... and followed to the work . And the murderer cannot distinguish ... among somebody totally infected and somebody with minimum exhibition . He / she doesn 't maybe know that it is killing innocent . I need to remember that there are three people with waves theta risen in this building ? I have a thing more than to make . This is for the records book . I am clever and you he are not . Two minutes . - Do I go for a soda you want one ? - I am well . Don 't ruin your appetite . It is only a soda . Dr. Sloan , please present you in oncology 4-B . Hello , pardon , doesn 't have a dollar less wrinkled by chance ? Oh , thank you . Stupid machine , it should be a defect in the scanner or ... - How did you find me ? - Pardon ? Do you belong one to them , truth ? What ? Hear ... It aids ! Oh my God wants to kill me ! It aids ! Somebody ! - Lucas ! - Cavennaugh , is him ! - Are you well ? - It is him . Hands up , be kind and maintain the calm ! Thanks to God they were in the neighborhood , boys . It was not for accident ... our murderer has been selecting their victims according to if they have waves theta . We knew that he / she was a Doctor , you are in a hospital ... Then thank you to throw an eye . - Better you go to that examine you that cut . - Thank you . Here Cavennaugh . I have an idea regarding the weapon . KN112739 It is well , that instrument was requested 9 days ago for the Dr. Julian Sloan , ... Director of Oncology of the Institute National of the Health . Can you show me their record ? - It is him . - Sure ? If , now I remember it . It is well , we need their address matter . - For sure you are well ? - Yes ... - And you ? - I am well ... wondering why somebody tried to kill you but ... Are you thinking of another lie Lucas ? . Another history that to be ... first you contract a mysterious illness and they don 't allow me to see you for 3 days , ... and now this . You don 't work for the NASA . This doesn 't have anything that to do with bio-investigation . - What this happening ? - Rachel ... All that I am making ... it is to protect you . I want you to leave it . It gives up . Today . I cannot make it . - To the hell , yes you can , almost they kill you today . - Rachel leaves this way it ! . Everything will be well . Is this work worth your life ? If . The voucher . Residence Sloan Annapolis , Meryland It can arrive in any moment . Let us make it quick . " Grant a doctorate without Opposite " , all a humanitarian one . When it was human . I can have found the one infection vehicle . I find that it is Gazpacho . Probably fact with polluted tomatoes . - Take it to you to the laboratory . - Molly ? Do you recognize somebody ? The whole " gang " is here , all you kill them . Manning . - Sloan killed the leader of the alienígenas . - No , not still . " Projects in road " We are after the same person . Is something more than it serves us on Manning ? Only pictures , let us maybe discover where they were taken . Ramsey and Lucas will have to fight with this . The gazpacho came out positive . Sloan was infected with him . There is something that explains why is it different ? We recover a couple of drops of bleed of it schemes it of sodas . Sloan inherited a faulty gene ... Hypotrophic Cardiomiopatía . It is a very strange condition . You have listened of athletes that suddenly do they collapse and do they die without apparent reason ? Do you say that Sloan will fall dead ? No , he only has a faulty gene . But for some reason the process bioformador activated that gene . It inhibits it of forming the triple helix . Then essentially it is something among human and alienígena . We know that their mutations are only , maybe their instincts are also it . Instead of having the desire to spread , he / she has the desire to destroy . Good-bye Hippocratic Oath . No . Sloan doesn 't see this people as you kill . For him they are as cancer . They are tumors and he extirpate them . So this way it is like leave the " Strength of the Soledad " It is this way , " Lois . " And here it is where you carry out all your deep " " thoughts . Closed door , he / she doesn 't come to hit . And which is your excuse ? I found these receipts in the one maletero of the car of Sloan . Semiautomatic shotgun of Beretta combats M-4 . He / she bought it two days ago in one spread of weapons in Vermont Heights . There are many things that the scalpel doesn 't cut . He / she wants to eliminate Manning . How did you discover it ? It has been watching over him , he / she should know that you it faces to a small army of having infected How is it that the man doesn 't appear ? We watch over their house . Without results . He / she knows that we are after him . Let us allow to run the ball in the means . Let us make the public to be involved . He / she can give us hints . You have a lot of information of Sloan . Do you write a biography ? A psychological profile . Treatment of discovering who it is or it was . Make me know . It is a prodigy . It entered like I intern to the " San Lucas " to the age of 23 . He / she is the youngest director in the history of the INS . Married once . Their wife died from cancer of ovaries 4 years ago . He / she still writes him every day . It feels guilty of not having her been able to save . This is the last one ... My " lover : I know what you / they drift , they try to expand the infection . I can see them , I know as finding them . God helps me for what I will make . For what I have to make . I don 't have election . I am the only one that can stop them . " This is a man in conflict . I don 't believe that the one understands that it is happening . If we find it ... we can maybe reason with him . This email was written before the first victim was murdered . Be not sure that he / she is the same person still . - Where do you go Ramsey ? - Anywhere I suppose . - Call you for pager three times . - The battery should be low . You can avoid me all that you want , but you cannot avoid this . Hey , if this is for what last night passed I didn 't break any protocol . In fact you made it . Levels of alcohol in the blood outside of scale . Rakes of cocaine in your blood . More than " rakes " in fact . You forgot the Viagra . Do you believe that it is a joke Ramsey ? You go for wrong road . And you have already walked enough him . I know everything on you . I know that there are made many stupid errors . But there is always another university or ... place that is willing to make the fat view and to hire you . But if you put the paw here it is not only you life . It is the one of all . I know what you think . " Baylock is a cretin one , he / she doesn 't know what says . " My son was also an intelligent boy . High C.I. , he / she went to a great school . I have not seen it in ... 8 years . I believe that he / she lives somewhere around in some street . He thought that it could also conquer it . Multiple sources of light to more than 3 meters on the heads . Probably industrial facilities . My hypothesis is that Manning is in a factory or warehouse . The perfect place for their genetic experiments with food . Except that now will be bigger than in a fair of farmers . What is that ? Can you enlarge it ? Hinge of two faces . It is a design for doors of galvanized steel . What is that mark ? . Come closer more . The logo of a company . I will look for it . " Spurlock Manufactoring " in the outskirts of Philadelphia . Obtén a list of resellers to 160 kms. around D.C. Yes , Mrs .. It seems that it will be another long night . I really go for coffee . - Do they want something boys ? - I am well . - Yes , coffee will be well . - with Milk of Soya , truth ? He / she hears , he / she wanted to wonder for that infected ... - What do you want to know ? - You already know . - How was it ? - If , I mean , ... does it force improved ? bigger resistance ? Good , I hate to admit it but ... - ... it was surprising ! . - If ? I mean , God , I cannot stop to think of it . Seriously ? I not even know if I will be able to recapture with small terrestrial . The only bad is that it left me this heat rash with form of patron fractal . Oh , incredible , only move away from me , now . - Here it is their Mocha and their coffee with soya . - Perfect , where is the bathroom ? . To their right . - Sustain me this . I need to make pis . - All clear one is . We swept the building . You belong one to them . Mistaken Dr. Sloan is . - I am not infected . - Who are you ? Why does he / she work with the police ? Are they also infected ? I will respond all their questions , only lower the weapon . - How many are there as you ? - He / she hoped you told it to me . I am not wrapped in a conspiracy , I investigate it . He / she lies . I can feel it . I am the Dra . Caffrey . Molly Caffrey . I will cut their cerebral nerves and it will be dead before falling to the floor . That special weapon ... it shoots cartridges electroestáticos . It is designed to stop to those infected . See it . How of high in the government arrives this conspiracy ? It is mistaken , work for the government , ... but we combat the threat . " Threshold " , we call each other " Threshold . " How did they infect me ? We didn 't make it . They were the alienígenas , for the food . They tried to infect me using a sound but it was not completely . It affected my cerebral waves for that reason he / she can feel . Dr. Caffrey , is all well ? If , I already leave . You have been observing somebody . Their name is Manning . Where is it ? We fear him to attack with supplies of food again . We have to stop it but we won 't be able to without your help . You are a fascinating liar , Molly . But I am who ago the questions . - Your questions put back us . - You don 't give me reasons to believe you . - You cannot give yourself the luxury of not making it . - I don 't play well in group . I work alone . Then you will die alone . Because if you don 't cooperate we will hunt you . - I believed that they needed me . - You are killing innocent . Not all your objectives are infected complete . Some are as me . High cerebral waves . But human from all point of view . I have learned a lot of on you . I know that you are compassionate . " God helps me for what I will make " Does he / she sound family ? We are more similar of that than you realize . Both were exposed but ... we are still ourselves . He / she closes the eyes . - Don 't make it ... - Your eyes . - Please ... - I am a talented surgeon . Molly . I can make it painless . Are you clever for this ? 147 deposits in the area use our expensive double hinge . It will be difficult to reduce the pattern . How many do they store some type of food ? At least the half , will take days to go door to door . No necessarily . I want you to make a geographical profile ... with the activities of Sloan during last week . Comprueba their receipts , credit cards ... everything with what has worked . Él was in that warehouse . We only have to discover when . Está well , I will work with that . We were looking for in the area and in a perimeter of 5 kms . Olvidémonos of Sloan for the time being . - Our priority is Manning . - To forget it ? - And if he / she tries to attack you Molly ... - I don 't believe that he / she makes it again . You realize that you defend to who did it put you a knife in the throat ? Yes , it could kill me , but he / she didn 't make it . Allowed to leave . One doesn 't work in the room of rest . Or didn 't you receive the memo ? This is not work . It is personal . Handmade for Sloan ? The man in these pictures . He / she is the agent Hayes . It could be anyone . You see the scar in the base of the hair cut ? He / she made it to him in bicycle when he / she was 15 years old . When we catch Manning ... maybe want that the leader of the assault team it is another . - What do you mean ? - I only worry about you . You fear that arrived the moment it cannot press the trigger . We are not speaking of any infected ... he is your brother . Yes , it used to be it . We pirate the system of sailing of their car . We lower a registration of each place where it was last week . He / she generally went directly of the work to their house . Except for these deviations when he / she found their you kill . The store last Friday and the club two nights behind . - It is well . How more ? - We have a card of " The Smooty Shack " - Where is it located ? - He / she doesn 't say . Which are their addresses ? He / she works with that . Now . Well , meanwhile ... let us go back a little . How does it begin their day Sloan ? Their alarm was on at 5 : 30 o 'clock . According to Personal , it arrives to the one I work every day at 8 o 'clock on the dot . They would be 45 minutes to enroll , 30 to be mobilized . - We have but of one hour in the air . - It is corridor . Be accustomed to compressed and erosion in lateral of the check . Do you know for where they ran with them ? Not but , this was choked in the sole . Flower of Cherry tree . It is not any cherry tree , ... it is of a 400 year-old tree native from Japan . There are 50 of them planted in the one west of the park Potomac . Thank you . There is a popular area among the corridors there . See it . - There are 3 warehouses in that district . - It is well . There is a " Smooty Shack " ... near western of the Potomac . That is very near one of our warehouses . Which of them it is ? - " Corporation Mineral " Slopes - Does it dilute bottled ? If Manning discovered a form of contaminating our water ... It plants of having Bottled Mineral " " slopes - He / she bleats in the brain . - Sloan . - It seems that he / she took the initiative . - Unit 2. they Enter . Afirmativo . Unit 2. he / she Informs . Tenemos . 4 targets after a truck . Maybe more . We will approach for the South to make them appear . Entendido . Permission to hunt Mr. Make it . Stay it alerts with Sloan . - Expert . - You stay with her . Federal agents ! Throw their weapons ! Guau ! . This thing works very well . - They come with me . - I don 't need your help . You need mine . You are in the certain thing ... I need your help . You are the only one that feels them . You can show us where they are . I will drag you of being necessary . That weapon is designed for people totally infected . - It could kill me ... - I am willing to assume the risk . No , he are not . I have learned a couple of things of you , Dra . Caffrey . Threshold is a good idea but you apply it in a bad way . You should not capture these monsters . You should destroy them . I cannot take a risk to kill innocent . - Good luck , Molly . - Sloan . It seems that he / she would make you well some water . Thank you . But I happen . - Then ? - Manning is dead . We find 7 mercenaries , 2 even alive . But ... there is not the agent 's rake Hayes . Well . He / she sends these bottles to Fenway . And what does it pass with Sloan ? I didn 't see it . This water was contaminated with algynate . It is an insipid extract of an alga . Daphne is making tests to confirm it ... but apparently those algae they were injected ... with the same enzyme with the one that they infected the food . That there are of the dispensers of cold water ? We told to the company that suspended all their allotments . But I believe that you should go to the land . To check all their inventory . To make sure . The face of Sloan is for all North America . It will be he difficult to pass desapercibido . It moves away the search . We will find it ourselves . Pardon ? It will be less dangerous to maintain to the police far from this matter . - Are you protecting to the police or him ? - Sloan doesn 't need of my protection . Did you allow it to go , certain ? You when you lie , Molly Every time that we lie to those local authorities you press the lips . You took me the hair . There are 200 infected even there outside . We will capture them and also to Sloan . God knows that we need help . - You didn 't answer my question . - In fact , yes I made it . Good , J.T. Dr. Ramsey . Listen , about our conversation of the other day . There is something that should know . Received message and expert . Is that certain ? I am in a new road . Not more put of paw . He / she won 't see my name in a inform of toxicology . I am glad to hear that . Hey ... Ramsey Looks . If somebody needs with the one who to speak ... ... my door this always open . Thank you , it won 't be necessary . I learned my lesson . Hey , another vodka tonic please . Thank you . Hey , I believed that you were a man of whisky . The vodka is not noticed in the encouragement .
