 At this moment , there are people among you who are no longer human . Their DNA has been infected by an alien intelligence . They are stronger ... more resilient ... and they are driven to infect others . Their goal : to turn us into them . They will do it by any means necessary from broadcasting mysterious signal to tampering with our food supply . We have weapons to stop them , but their numbers are growing . Fortunately , we have a plan and this is the team that will carry it out . That plan is called threshold . Threshold - Season 1 - Episode 9 " Progeny " I 'm sorry , but I can 't do that . My name is on the account as well . But your husband put a freeze on the transfer last night . If you want to keep your job , you will wire that money . I 'm sorry that you 're upset , Mrs. Polchek . I 'm just following bank policy . If you would like to speak with a manager , I would be more than happy ... Did you think I wouldn 't find out ? - Who is this guy , anyway ? - It 's not like that . That 's it ? That 's all you have to say for yourself ? He changed my life . Do you hear what you 're saying ? ! I don 't even know who you are anymore . You barricade yourself in your studio day and night . Is that what you 're doing in there , you 're talking to him ? He 'll change your life , too . You 're certifiable . I 'm putting a stop to this right now . You 're not going to do anything . What the ... ? Four please . What is she doing ? - You bring your homeland security badge ? - Well , at this point , I bring them all . I 'm sorry , we 'll be open in the morning . Hello . I 'm agent Molly Cooper . It 's agent Sean Calloway . DHS . Can you tell us what happened here ? It wasn 't a robbery . Nothing serious . Serious enough to close . One of our tellers had a disagreement with a client . Nothing big enough for Homeland Security to be concerned with . The DHS is interested in any suspicious behavior involving banks . Especially here in D.C. Was the teller injured ? No , just shaken up . We 'd love to talk to her . She punched through the window like it wasn 't even there , and tried to pull me out . And that 's when harry , the security guard , he came over , and she pushed him so hard that he went flying across the lobby . Mrs. Polchek is like a rail . - Was that major adrenaline or what ? - It could have been . And I told her that I was going to call the cops , and then she grabbed her stupid little dog , and she went out to her limo and she ... she took off . I want to press charges . That 's not my area . This woman assaulted me ! - I understand you 're upset . - Oh , I get it . You ... You ... You feds came down here because she 's rich , right ? So you 're just going to let her walk away scot-free , aren 't you ? Trust me , that 's not the plan . Please excuse me . Yeah , whatever . Our agents are tracking down Christine Polchek , but we may have another situation . What 's that ? Our data miners picked up an incident on a police scanner . A woman on the corner of 19th and H exploded at a hot dog stand . Either a bad alien reaction or a really bad hot dog . Let 's go . Caffrey . Okay . We 've got to send Fenway for the mutation . A woman just threw a human head out of a apartment window in Georgetown . Three different women possibly infected ... all within a five-mile radius . We have an outbreak . Damn . Tactical team already has this area secured . If this woman is an alien infectee , we 've got to protect them . They 're in mid-situation . What 's your advice ? I say we roll with it , insinuate ourselves in the take-down . Okay . Agent Calloway . This is agent Cooper . DHS . The woman inside is wanted for questioning in a federal case . What can you tell us ? Not much . Name is Libby Drennan . Neighbor called the incident in a half hour ago . He was leaving his house when ... that came flying out the window . Chopped the poor bastard 's head off . Yeah . That 's not a clean cut . That 's a tear . She just ripped it off his shoulders . What 's your plan ? We have no indication she 's armed . Once all the neighbors have been evacuated , we 're going to fire a flash-bang to disorient her , then breach the apartment . Tell your men to use caution . She 's extremely dangerous . We always use caution , ma 'am . Pardon me . Excuse me . Right here . Step aside . Step aside . Thank you . Pardon me . That 's all right . I 'm a doctor . Go ahead . Thank you . Whoa , whoa , stop , stop , stop , stop , stop . - You know that woman , sir ? - It 's doctor . Dr. Martin Wrigley , FBI . She 's wanted in connection with an ongoing investigation by my office . What the hell happened to her ? Classified . I 'll take control of the body . All due respect doc , our turf , our morgue . After we process the body , we 'll hand it back over to you . I checked , it 's locked . Well , fine . But you 'll need a hasidic ambulance . Yo , jerry , hold on a second . Now we know nothing about this woman . We had no idea she was jewish . Apparently you didn 't see this . The hebrew character chai . Jewish symbol for life . I 'll take it from here . Thanks . - Come on ... come on , pick up ! - Please let a message after the tone . It 's me . Are you there ? Pick up . Pick ... Hands up ! On the floor ! Right now , ma 'am , get down ! On the ground ! What the hell was that ? It 's a new submission technique . She 'll be out for about a half hour . Clear it . Yes , sir . Thanks for your help . I 'm invoking federal jurisdiction . Please have your men clear out of the area . Stand down , gentlemen . Calloway , I need you in here . Interesting piece of art . As if we had any doubts . She replicated the alien glass forest . The woman at the bank , Christine Polchek . You have any idea who she is ? Should I ? The second wife of billionaire oil mogul Ken Polchek . As in one of the president 's closest friends . And he 's on the short list for secretary of energy . She 's got millions of dollars at her disposal . We 've got to move fast . Infectees all want to spread the infection . How would they do that with money ? I don 't want to find out . What ? They 've chosen a new national security advisor . They didn 't waste any time . Who 's our new boss ? Ed Whitaker . Former senator from Connecticut ? Yeah . I 've updated him this morning on Threshold , gave him security clearance . Come on . Susan Medrano , 39 , litigation attorney , single , lived in Silver Spring . Imploded on the corner of 19th and H in broad daylight . Libby drennan , 36 , mixed-media artist . Works out of her home in Georgetown . About two hours ago , she removed her husband 's head with her bare hands . A walking billboard for bachelorhood . Then we have Christine Polchek , 32 . Former print ad model from California . Lives in potomac with her billionaire husband . This morning , she punched through a bulletproof window at a bank in Adams Morgan , attacked a teller and sent a security guard to intensive care . We need to find the common denominator among these three seemingly unrelated women . Our initial digging indicates that these three women haven 't crossed paths recently ... if ever . Dr. Fenway , I need you to examine Libby and her dead husband . For the record , Susan Medrano , the one who exploded on the street , tested positive for alien mutation . All right . I could have told you that just by looking at her . Cavennaugh , search Susan and Libby 's homes , see if you can find a link . And take Lucas with you . Hack into their computers . You got it . I 'm the software genius . That 's why I need you to help J.T. Figure out where christine 's moving her money . Did into her financials , see where it 's going . Good luck . Hey , Molly , can I talk to you for a second ? Sure . What 's up ? I saw Christine Polchek in a dream last night . What kind of dream ? The glass forest kind . Okay . Not much too it , really . I 'd just like to know , uh ... why me ? You 've been exposed to the signal , and infectees use the dreams to communicate . She was reaching out to you . Oh , she was reaching out , all right . Dare I ask what you two were doing ? Dancing . Then she tried to strangle me . - Did she say anything ? - No . Let me know if you have any more . Christine Polchek and her husband are loaded . $ 9,000 wire transfers every other day for the past two weeks . Where to ? To Cayman Brac Bank Trust . Oh , private bank on the Cayman islands . Can you hack into the receiving account ? Warning ! You do not have password access for those privileges . Damn , they 're using impervious . What 's that ? It 's a state-of-the-start security software . It 's going to take me a while to crack in . Oh , that 's just become your number one priority . She could be funding some kind of alien plot with those transfers . Man , what I would do with that kind of scratch . I know exactly what you 'd do ... online gambling . You 've racked up a pretty heavy debt on Threshold 's dime . Please , I 'm not violating any of your holy protocols . I gamble at different websites using different screen names . Rationalization is an addict 's best friend . Thanks , Montel . Consider it my therapy bill . Smart call on the hasidic ambulance . Yeah , for once the mutation worked in our favor . How 's that ? Her face was completely deformed . Cops might not have believed my cover story if they 'd seen she was chinese . Has she said anything since she woke up ? Not to me . Libby , I saw your art studio . I want to know about the forest you built . She 's about as cooperative as the other five infectees downstairs . We 'll have to continue getting our information medically . You okay ? No ! I miss NASA . Caffrey . I 've located Christine Polchek . She 's got a four-man security detail . All right . Uh , stay close , but don 't approach . Let 's not attract attention . Roger that . Dr. Caffrey . It 's a pleasure to finally meet you . Mr. Whitaker , I was going to arrange to come see you . No , I wanted to come down here anyway , check the place out . Congratulations on your appointment , sir . Yeah , it 's bittersweet for me . Andrea Hatten was a close friend . Mine as well . I 'm sorry you had to give the order to bring her plane down . She was infected by the alien signal . You did the right thing . So , uh , what are you working on now ? Uh , an outbreak here in D.C. Three women , one dead from a mutation gone wrong . One in custody . We 're tracking down the third . Well , I 'll let you get back to it . You let me know if you need any help . I haven 't had a chance to read through the entire plan yet . Once I do , I 'll call you with any thoughts . Thoughts ? My background is strategic planning and development . I love rolling up my sleeves and diving into this kind of work . You paged . There was enough left in the broken vial to do libby 's blood work . She 's infected . But it 's worst . What could be worse ? She 's pregnant . How far along is Libby 's pregnancy ? According to her HCG levels , between five and seven weeks . Maybe she didn 't even know . Possibly . I found something else interesting . The autopsy report on Libby 's husband . Was he infected ? No . Nor was he the father of her baby . How can you know that without running a DNA test on the fetus ? He was infertile . According to the autopsy report , he had morphologic evidence of asospermia . In english . No sperm . Most likely caused by mumps as a child . So what ? Maybe ... Libby was having an affair , her husband found out , and that 's what started their argument this morning . With my first wife , all it took was me not putting the toilet seat down . What 's her status ? No change , even when I mention the baby . And there 's no way of knowing if the fetus is infected ? No , it 's too soon . Amnios can be done as early as 15 weeks and we 're still two months out . Say it . If this baby is an alien infectee , terminating the pregnancy and studying the tissue would give us a wealth of information about this species , not to mention save the life of anyone it might kill in the future . Let 's discuss this after you 're able to get the amnio results . Make sure she 's comfortable and has what she needs to stay healthy . Absolutely . Stay away from my baby ! Don 't touch my baby ! I will kill you all , I swear ! Is that safe ? Yeah , it 's naloxone . It 's a category " B " sedative . No harm to the fetus . Well , one thing 's for sure , she knows she 's pregnant . Question is : with what ? Is that the stuff from the exploded woman 's apartment ? Yeah . Can you get it all back before her parents fly in ? Yeah . I 've done this a couple of times . A hell of a lot of medical bills . You find anything on her computer ? Nothing out of the ordinary . She did some pro bono work for greenpeace . Also , for the past nine months she subscribed to matefinders. org . It 's an online dating service . But she canceled the subscription three weeks ago . Maybe she found a guy . Yeah , an infected one . I 've arranged a meeting for us with Polchek . If Christine is infected , we have to assume he could be , too . Which means he 'd be able to sense you 've been exposed to the signal . Maybe I should go alone . Well , it could also work in our favor . It could tip his hand . J.T. ! Well , it is great to see you . Hey , Ken . You , too , Ken . You , too . This is Dr. Molly Caffrey . She 's working with us on a couple of special projects . It 's nice to meet you , Dr. Caffrey . You , too , sir . So what can I do for you today ? This is a bit delicate , Ken . The president asked us to come talk to you personally . As you know , the IRS monitors suspicious financial transactions , repetitive and consistent withdrawals that fly under the $ 10,000 radar . What 's that got to do with me ? Your account was flagged by a daily suspicious activity report . Your wife has been wiring money to an offshore account in $ 9,000 increments . Are we breaking any laws ? No , but it doesn 't look good . This account is linked to a classified investigation we 're following . It 's not smart to poke around in my personal business . The president doesn 't want you hurt by this . We know you froze the account . If you like , we can bring Christine in and talk to her . If you have a problem , call my lawyers . We 're done here . I had one of our agents take his cigar stub out of his car downstairs . Great . DNA . To think in the ' 50s , we were afraid of little green men . Okay . Polchek 's DNA came back normal . So why stonewall us ? How about good old-fashioned embarrassment ? We walked into his office and told him we knew his wife is siphoning his money . He probably assumes Christine 's having an affair . And what good is a trophy wife if she 's cheating on you ? So he closes ranks to save face . Any idea on how we apprehend her ? If the bank teller presses charges , then even Polchek won 't be able to keep Christine from being booked . He can 't control what happens in a police station . We can . I 've decided to let it go . Um , Mrs. Polchek is an important customer . We just had a disagreement , that 's all . I think I may have been a little rude to her . She grabbed your arm and tried to pull you through a window . Look , my lawyer said this is my business . I have to get to work . Polcheks bought themselves out of that fast . Part-time bank teller with a kid and crappy benefits ? When Christine hit her , she hit the lottery . What 's next ? Keep tabs on Christine until we find out how these three women are connected . Check this out . Three $ 9,000 transfers on their past bank statement . That 's the same amount Christine Polchek moved . Yeah , and wired to the same Cayman island account . It 's an invoice from Woodley Park medical group . Susan had bills from the same place . Really ? Let 's see if they have a website . Under construction A brick wall . Please , I 'm just getting started . All right . I 've done this before . Here we go . The web address for the clinic 's accounting site . Oh , nice . I 'm in . What are you doing ? Pulling up delivery invoices . It should give us some clues to what they do there . FSH , Clomiphene , HMG . - What are those ? - Fertility drugs . It looks like Woodley Park medical group is a fertility clinic . That makes sense . Libby 's pregnant . Right , and you said Susan was a patient there also . We found our link between the two . The CDC is very concerned about containing this virus before it gets out of hand , Dr. Johnson . How can I help ? We need some information on your patient , Libby Drennan . I just saw her last week . Is she okay ? Our tests show her virus originated from the sperm you used to inseminate her . Well , that 's not possible . Our donation program follows strict federal guidelines . We 've never had a problem with a donor 's sperm . Until now . You have our full cooperation . Here it is . Drennan , Libby . Used donor number 356-H4 . Pull every sperm vial corresponding to this ID . Don 't pout . Here we go . 356-H4 . Medrano , Susan ... inseminated two days ago . Yeah . The woman who imploded . Her body rejected the alien mutation . Drennan , Libby ... inseminated as well . Damn . What ? Christine Polchek also inseminated two and a half weeks ago . They all used the same sample . We just found another secondary means of infection . Sexual transmission . We have to find this donor . I checked today 's schedule . We 've got a client who 's being inseminated by the same donor Libby Drennan used . - When 's it scheduled ? - Now . They 're in room three . Got it . Federal agents . Stop the procedure . What the hell 's going on ? The prelim blood test showed that both doctors tested negative for infection . And the patient ? Well , a little freaked out , but also negative . This was going to be her first insemination . I 'm sorry this is taking so long . We use a double-coded system to insure donor anonymity , and I have to backtrack through two databases . Here we go . ID number 356-H4 belongs to ... Who ? Thomas Gregory Sanford . One of our missing crewmen . How did Sanford become a donor here ? Uh , he was recruited five years ago when he was a student at Georgetown . He had a pristine medical history , a high motile sperm count , above average IQ , and an outstanding physical profile . He was a very popular donor . I prefer to make my donations in person . When did he rejoin the program ? About a month ago . All his genetic disorder tests came back negative , so I put him back into rotation . There were takers right away . Excuse me . So Sanford donates his sperm , waits for takers . Yeah , makes sense . I mean , we know the infectees use their human expertise to further the alien agenda . But how does he know which women used his sample ? He could have tapped into their phone lines , hacked into their computer system . Okay , so once he knows who they are , he contacts them . Welcomes them into the fold , starts taking donations . He 's targeting women with the means to afford fertility treatments . You got to admit , that 's pretty smart . Why didn 't the mutated DNA show up when the fertility clinic tested Sanford 's sample ? Sperm can be tested for millions of things , from Tay-Sachs to Gonorrhea , but you can 't test for what you don 't know exists . This mutation is a tricky beast . The test I created is the only one that can measure it . Well , we need to figure out a way to alert the medical community . - Without blowing our secret . - Exactly . Molly . What 's up ? Christine Polchek 's hosting a charity fundraiser for Giveglobal . Promoting more advanced world community . An alien one . J.T. , you want a date ? Drinking on duty , Molly ? It 's soda water ... dad . Any sign of Christine ? Not yet . Sir . Well , this is the last place I 'd expect to find you . We don 't officially know each other , sir . Maybe I could ask this beautiful stranger to dance , then , hmm ? Hmm . My pleasure . Any luck rounding up that infectee ? We 're doing it right now . Are you serious ? The vice president 's here . I 'm aware of that . So ... who is it ? Our hostess , Christine Polchek . You 're telling me that the wife of one of the president 's closest friends is an alien ? Yes . So what are you going to do ? Wait until she moves to a confined space , stun her , say she slipped and hit her head . There 's an ambulance standing by to take her to Threshold . All right , but you cannot make a scene . Your plan clearly states that all these operations have to be kept covert . I am trusting you , Dr. Caffrey . Thank you . Isn 't it great to see so many people giving to a worthy cause ? Mrs. Polchek . You look different in person . Let 's dance . Ken . Ed , well , I hear congratulations are in order . Well , congratulations or condolences . Why not dance with your husband ? He 's too busy getting his ass kissed by a bunch of politicians who want his money . Listen , if you got a moment , there 's something I 'd like to discuss I think your company could help this administration with . Anything to help the president . Can you feel our connection , Sean ? We 've both changed . I haven 't changed . Yes , you have . So have some of your friends . You don 't know what you 're doing , Mrs. Polchek . We can help you . We 're working on a vaccine that will reverse the infection . You 're the one who doesn 't know what you 're doing . Until this happened , my days were spent shopping and going to spas . This is the first time in my life I 've had a purpose . And what 's that ? Saving humanity . See you in your dreams . I 've got her . Mr. Polchek 's looking for you . One more second . My husband , he 's so protective of me . Stunning purse , Molly . You sure these figures are right ? Based on the bank statements you gave me , yeah . Why ? Uh ... just checking . So you went to MIT , right ? Go beavers . Cal-Tech . Hey , somebody had to go to the second-rate school . Oh , yeah ? Yeah , who kicked your ass in the internet chess competition two out of the last three years ? Sorry , I can 't help it if we spend all our time with our own nuclear reactor doing real science instead of playing on the web . Touch ? Want a coffee ? Eh , what the hell . Make it half-caff . - Ramsey , you want a coffee ? - Leave me alone . - What 's your problem ? - Baylock . He had the nerve to slap my hand about my online gambling . Like I don 't give a pint of blood to this place every week . Maybe he does have a point . Does lapping up everything your bosses hand you make it easier ? I don 't know . Does being a pain in the ass make it any easier ? Yes . Look , this program you wrote to hack into the Cayman islands account , it could still take months to crack through the security system . - No , I found a back door . - Where ? I opened up an account there . Once I was in the system , I executed a Trojan horse program . Not bad . Hold on . - And we 're in . - Candy from a baby . The name on the receiving account is Allen Weeks . But that 's not your real name . Aka crewman Sanford , I bet . Ah , they use thumbprints for identification purposes . Compare it with the missing crewmen . Yep , a match . Sanford it is . Cavennaugh went to the address that Sanford gave at the clinic and it was already cleaned out . Look , he 's emptied out the Cayman account . Over half a million dollars . What is Sanford doing with that money ? Probably not online gambling . - Are we back to that ? - Well ... Oh , my god . She 's not in the city , not in the northeast . There 's Christine . Nice move on the dance floor . This morning , she boarded her husband 's G5 . The pilot filed a flight plan to Aspen . Cavennaugh 's tracking device proves he was lying . The Polcheks have a home in Tulum , Mexico . Looks like that 's where she 's going . Do we think she 's pregnant ? No . The clinic 's records said that Christine was inseminated two and a half weeks ago . But she already scheduled another procedure for next month . Which means she isn 't . But she was infected by Sanford 's sperm . Fenway said all it takes is a tissue tear somewhere and the sperm can contaminate the bloodstream . And now she 's fully mutated and on the loose . We can 't bigfoot mexican authorities like we do here . Yeah , but she is out of the limelight . Tulum 's remote . We can capture her there without drawing attention . Hey , I came across something really unusual . According to the clinic 's records , Libby was inseminated three weeks ago . You said the gestational age of the fetus is between five and seven weeks . Well , that didn 't really bother me that much . It 's not a pinpoint test . But I did an ultrasound while she was out . Organ development 's complete . The fetus measures 12.5 centimeters . It 's even sucking its thumb . Developments like this occur at 15 weeks . Libby 's having an accelerated pregnancy . She could have this baby within the month . This may be the first alien born on earth . What do you got ? Sanford had every withdrawal from his Cayman islands bank account sent to a Mailboxes 'N More store . We hacked into their files ... - I hacked into . - Whatever . Anyway , we saw that an hour after every withdrawal , Sanford sent an overnight pouch to Mexico . The pouch always weighed the same ... one pound , three ounces . And that tells us what ? This is $ 9,000 in $ 20 bills . It weighs exactly one pound , three ounces . You are a genius , Lucas . Kiss ass . Let me guess ... they 're being shipped to Tulum , Mexico . Um ... let 's see . How 'd you know that ? It 's where we tracked Christine . Wonder why he sends cash ? Attracts less attention . That 's why I don 't use checks at a poker table . You said Sanford always goes to the same place to send the money . Yeah , over in southeast D.C. Next to eastern market . Go keep him company . Drop the gun ! I had a feeling we 'd be seeing each other again . You found the tracking device and transferred it to someone else . She 's a dead ringer for me . Why didn 't you shoot her ? Your diamond was her best friend . She wasn 't wearing that wedding ring . And my stun shells would have killed a normal person . So much for you saving humanity . It 's over for you guys . Can 't you see that ? I kwow someone who can help you . I 'm fine . Your choice . Go to my friend in town , tell him I 've got a surprise for him . I 'll be there in 15 minutes . I don 't get it . I send stuff to this address all the time . Why is this coming back ? Well , there was no one there to sign for it . You 're going to have to fill this out again . Oh , come on , man , just use the old one . Dude , I don 't make the rules , I just work here , you know ? New delivery , new form . You know , I ... I 'll tell you what ... I 'll fill it out and you just sign it and you can go . All right . That was awesome . Next time , you get the dangerous job ! Hey , I ... I have altered brain waves , all right ? He would have sensed me . You 're always hiding behind your brain waves . I 'm not hiding behind anything . Do you know what this is ? A tecpatl . An aztec knife used in ceremonial sacrifices . You know your weapons . This particular one was found not too far from here . Dates back to the 14th century . My husband gave it to me as a gift . An acquisition for an acquisition . The aztec priests would thrust the knife under their victim 's rib cage . Then they 'd plunge their hand in , and pull out the still-beating heart . I 'm not afraid to die . - You have an option . - You 're just being used , Christine . Release him now ! Put the gun down and step back , or he won 't live to see the next ten seconds . Take the shot , rice ! No , they won 't . They know as long as I 'm still touching you , you 'll be electrocuted , too , and then you 'll be dead . I said fire ! You okay ? Take these off . She was right . She knew we wouldn 't risk your life and use a stun shell . Now she 's dead . Nice shot . Thanks for the tracking device . Thanks for the shooting lessons . You sure this is the right place ? Lucas confirmed its the address on all the pouches Sanford sent . Wow , they got out of here fast . Yeah , Christine was supposed to meet someone . I guess when she didn 't show up on time , they took off . They were thorough . They took everything . Maybe not everything . People on the run don 't take their garbage . Guys . One of Sanford 's pouches . Bag all the trash and send it back to Threshold . Tie things up . Christine Polchek , wife of oil billionaire Ken Polchek died in an accidental explosion at the couple 's home near Tulum , Mexico . Local officials speculate the cause was a leaky gas pipe that caught fire and killed her while she slept . This is a statement I 'm issuing to all fertility clinics and medical labs . Notifying them to test sperm for a newly identified genetic marker . Threshold will be notified immediately if any of the labs test positive . Good work , doctor . There 's nothing in your protocols about dealing with a newborn infectee . It 's uncharted territory . We don 't know how it will develop , or if it will have any non-human needs . Dr. Caffrey , um ... we were able to pull a thumbprint off the envelope you found in mexico . It belongs to Captain Manning , one of only two remaining infected big horn crewmen still at large . Manning is a particularly dangerous infectee . He was a navy seal with a background in naval intelligence . There 's ... there 's more , and it gets worse . We sifted through all the trash that the agents bagged in Mexico . And we found a faxed copy of a flight confirmation . He flew into D.C. this afternoon . He 's in our backyard . For what purpose ? What 's all the money for ? Maybe they 're funding some alien RD project . Then we 're going to have to work harder and faster on ours . Because they 're starting to reproduce . It 's okay . You 're one of us .
