 The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 : Say hello to the new head of NTAC . - Meghan Doyle . - Hi . News isn 't good . Your father 's had a relapse . I think it 's time we start preparing ourselves for the inevitable . - Who 's Cassie ? - I 'm not what you 'd call real . I 'm Kyle 's ability . A messiah who rises from the dead , who passes on a sacred elixir . The healer , who lays his hands upon the sick . And don 't forget about the shaman . The shaman is you , Kyle . - Of course , Heather Tobey . - I teach at the school now . Found a place where they won 't run me out on the rails for being a 4400 . Whatever you were given to take away your abilities , it induced a permanent allergy to promicin . You will never get your abilities back , Ms. Tyler . Does that mean I 'm getting out of here ? - One of the names was April Skouris . - My sister took the shot ? - You 're going back to Seattle . - I was thinking about asking for temporary reinstatement . - She 's never coming back here . - This is my sister . I 'll do whatever it takes . At first , my story may sound familiar . It 's all about a life lived on the surface . Careless youth that believes it will last forever . I 'll get that . You must have broken a lot of hearts back then , Ms. Parker . St. Tropez . August 1 955 . The owner of that yacht proposed to me , you know . - I turned him down . - You turned them all down . Are you ready for your morphine shot ? Your dinner 's in the fridge and I prepared you another dose of morphine if the pain in your hands gets bad again . Mom , you said we were only gonna be here for 1 5 minutes . - I 'm late for my shift . - I 'll be done in a minute , Lucas . You wanted me to take this job , so if they fire me it 's on you . Can I get you anything else ? - Would you mind ? - Oh , of course not . In the end , all I was left with were frivolous memories and no one to share them with . Here you go . So beautiful . Life had become nothing but a tedious string of pointless days . Until I decided to do something about it . I took that shot . Promicin . And it changed everything . My soul , my consciousness , whatever you 'd like to call it , can leave my body . I can leave my body . And I can be young again . You can 't see me or hear me , but I 'm there . In the blink of an eye , I can go wherever I want , see anything or anybody . Like a young woman about to realize how gifted she really is . There you are . Vanessa , you 've gotta get out there . Everyone wants to meet the artist . What if they hate it ? What if they hate me ? You 're kidding , right ? You 've already sold five paintings . You 're a hit . Ladies and gentlemen , Vanessa Martin . This ability of mine has truly changed my life for the better . I feel more free and more connected to the world around me . To other people . I get to be a fly on the wall . And I get to see the side of people that they try to hide from the world . Yes , I am Vanessa 's agent . I don 't mean to take credit . I mean , she 's the artist . But I really helped her get out there . Maybe I can help you . I 'd love to see your work especially in the news . I thought my story was going to end with me withering into bitter regret and desperation . Instead , life has handed me another chance . And I intend to make the most of it . Taking the shot has given me a new will to live . A gift that allows me to do and feel things that no one else on Earth has experienced before . Yet all you hear is the government saying- - " - -how bad promicin is . How no one should take the shot . If you 're reading this , you should know , it hasn 't been bad for me . For me , it changed everything . Maybe it could for you too . " That 's the last entry . Whoever 's writing this , posts the blog anonymously . We take it down , it goes up someplace else . I have to admit , it 's well-written . If I were on the fence and I read this , I might take the shot . Well , that 's exactly why this journal is making people in D.C. nervous . The author doesn 't sound like a radical . She sounds like somebody 's aunt . If your aunt 's to take a chance on getting an ability , why shouldn 't you ? Assuming the woman is telling the truth about what she can do , I mean , okay , it might be irresponsible that she 's writing about it but it 's not a threat . Isn 't that what we do here ? We track down threats . We 're not the thought police . Taking promicin is illegal , not to mention potentially fatal . If that blog inspires 20 people to take promicin , ten of them are going to die . Don 't forget about the ones who survive . Do you really think they 'll all be lovely people too ? Do you think their abilities will be as benign as hers ? This woman has to be stopped . And we can find out exactly what her intentions were , just as soon as you find her . Bring her in . I 'll go put on the riot gear . Tom , get the tear gas . The public library . A hotbed for treasonous activity . Be careful what you say , Tom . How do we know they 're not all in on it ? Excuse me . Tom Baldwin . This is my partner , Diana Skouris . - We 're from NTAC . - NTAC ? How can I help you ? Someone 's been uploading material to the lnternet from an ip address inside this library . The branch manager told us that you were the volunteer docent in charge of the computers here . Well , that 's right . Well , the post we 're interested in went up about 1 1 : 1 5 yesterday . Is there some way we could track down who was using the computers at that time ? Do you have a warrant of some kind ? Or did you just bring your badge ? No warrant . Yet . We were hoping you 'd wanna cooperate . This is part of an important investigation , Miss ... Parker . And if I didn 't think it would make trouble for this library , I wouldn 't give you anything at all . Whatever happened to people 's right to privacy ? I appreciate how you feel , Miss Parker . But we 're trying to keep people safe . - That 's all . - There . Names , login times , member id numbers . Happy hunting . - Thank you . - Thank you . " The man who trades freedom for security does not deserve , nor will he receive either . " Benjamin Franklin . At least you 're an educated tyrant . Thanks again . James is doing very well so far . If he sticks with the program for ten weeks , I 'm sure his concentration will improve . Thank you . Heather . Shawn Farrell . There 's not much to tell . After the 4400 Center shut down , the only work I could get was volunteering at the child development clinic here . It 's okay . It fills the days . But if I use my ability , if I draw out whatever talent these kids have , I go to jail . - It 's crazy . - I know . Jordan put the shot out . Now we 're all a threat . Since I woke up in the hospital I 've been thinking , what are the 4400 supposed to do now ? Join the revolution ? It 's that or will we just pretend we 're no different than the rest of the world . That 's the times we live in , I guess . No , see , I can 't accept that . I 've been thinking of starting my healing foundation . Maybe even reopening the Center . I 'll be putting my own money up to get things started . Someone has to show people that we can- - We can do good . That we are good . Heather , I can heal people and you make kids better . You give them a talent . You change their lives . There 's nothing wrong with any of it . If you become a public figure again , the government is going to come on you . - Maybe . - They 'll have to . Maybe . I was just- - I was hoping I wouldn 't be doing it alone . Hi , Kyle . Sorry . Didn 't mean to startle you . What are you doing here ? What are you ? Look , I know you 're not real , but are you part of my thoughts ? Just think of me as your guide . Now I need you to go back to that house on Barclay Court . - To the book . - Why ? I 've already read it . It said Jordan Collier is supposed to be God 's messenger . I 'm some kind of shaman . It 's nuts . You 've read the book , but you don 't believe it yet . To do that you have to study it , own it . All right , let me ask . What if I don 't listen to you ? You just keep showing up ? Kyle , you took that shot for a reason . You wanted something to happen . Well , I 'm what happened . I 'm your ability . And I 'm telling you , get that book . It 's gonna change everything . Philip Delacroix . - I 've been hoping to speak to you . - Do I know you ? No . But we 've both taken an interest in the same person . Vanessa Martin . She 's a very talented artist , don 't you think ? Of course . Delacroix . Delacroix ? That 's a good choice for an agent 's name . It has a nice exotic ring to it . Do you think that Vanessa might find it interesting if I tell her that your real name is Philip Wilson ? That you pretended to be a real estate agent in Arlington , Texas , and talked old couples out of their retirement savings ? That you have an outstanding warrant for your arrest there and in Florida as well ? I think she 'd say you 're crazy . - Vanessa trusts me . - Oh , of course she does . But that 's your game , isn 't it ? Now , what were you going to do ? Convince her to let you handle her money and then pull up stakes when you felt you 'd bled her dry ? Who are you ? I am someone who wants to protect Vanessa 's future . Oh , when I was her age , I was interested in art too . But I didn 't have Vanessa 's gifts . So I intend to make sure that she has a chance to make the most of it . To do that , she has to be free of you . So you have a choice , Mr. Wilson . Leave Vanessa alone and drive away from Seattle forever . Or stay and I 'll report you to the police . Hey , we interviewed everyone from that computer log today . We 're waiting for the results of the promicin tests , but I don 't think that any of them are the blogger . We 'll review the journals in the morning , see what shakes loose . Hey , is everything all right ? Yes , fine . Thanks for the update . Yeah . Actually , everything 's not okay . I came home from graduate school for Christmas one year . I knew right away there was something wrong with my dad . He had these tremors . Weird tics . He was diagnosed with Huntington 's disease about a month later . I 'm sorry . That 's awful . That was more than a decade ago . His doctor just told me he has pneumonia again . Who knows if he 'll be able to fight it off . I called D.C. this morning . I asked them if maybe ... If I can convince your nephew Shawn to see him , maybe he could heal my father . Shawn 's a generous guy . I 'm sure he 'll do it . They said no . As the head of NTAC , I have to set an example . I can 't benefit personally from the application of a 4400 ability . My dad 's been dying for ten years . There is no cure for Huntington 's . And then I met your nephew . If you want me to talk to Shawn , I will . Okay ? Thank you . But I don 't know if I can ask you to do that . I took this post because it seemed like the most important thing I could do . I knew there 'd be sacrifices . But I never thought my bosses would tell me that if I wanna keep my job , I have to let my father die . - Hi there . Surprise . - Ben , oh , my God . It 's great to see you . It 's so great to see you . Maia is asleep in her room . - How did you get here ? - Well , we hopped a flight . Maia wanted to stay up and say hi but she was out cold by the time the cab dropped us off . I had no idea you were coming . Well , the lease in San Sebastián was up . Obviously it 's gonna take a lot longer to find April than you thought- - No , it 's been slow going . I 've been interviewing people , making phone calls . No one has seen her . Well , I am not going to add any more pressure to you , but me and Maia missed you very much , so we figured ... surprise . Well , it worked . I 'm surprised . Diana , you have gotten involved with a very spontaneous guy . Reap the whirlwind . It 's great to see you . Don 't get me wrong . I just- - I was kind of hoping that this was only gonna be a short trip . Having you over there meant I had something to go back to . Well , you still do . We all do . As soon as you find your sister . Okay ? Now , we 're trying to be a family , right ? Families are not supposed to live on separate continents . - Right ? - Yeah . Solitude can be every bit as exhilarating as companionship . Of course , I had to find companionship before I figured that out . Listen to this . It 's from the blog . " All mankind is divided into three classes : those who are immovable , those who are movable - and those who move . " - " Those who move . " That 's very poetic . The blogger 's a good writer . We know that . Yeah , but it 's a quote . You know who wrote it ? Benjamin Franklin . The woman from the library . The volunteer . She 's the one writing this . Good work . Looks like an overdose . Lividity hasn 't set in yet . I 'd say she died about an hour ago . We just got done looking at her computer . The techs found the entire journal saved in a file on her hard drive . Audrey Parker was our blogger . One of the back windows was open , but no sign of forced entry . Nothing missing as far as we can tell . She had a prescription for morphine . So her arthritis must have gotten pretty bad . Her nurse usually injected her but occasionally would leave behind extra shots for Audrey . The ME thinks it was an accidental overdose . That it happens with older people , they get confused , take the wrong dosage , forget they even injected themselves . What do you think ? Well , it might have been an accident , but you know , she had taken promicin . She knew NTAC was breathing down her neck . The thought of a prison sentence at her age and in her condition ? Maybe she figured she 'd rather just drift off to sleep . You think she committed suicide ? If she did , she did it because of NTAC , because of us . No . I didn 't kill myself . I didn 't kill myself . I didn 't kill myself . Somebody did this to me . Hanna . Hanna , you have to help me , please . Somebody did this to me . Somebody did this to me . You 're back for more . I 'm doing my thesis on cults from the early 20th century . It 's due soon , so ... Just let me know when you 're done . Don 't forget to feed the kitty . Sure . Thank you . What do you mean , you need to leave town ? Philip , we have an appointment with a buyer in an hour . And you can handle it yourself . But I need to leave . Now . And I need to borrow some cash . - I 'll pay you back when I see you . - You 're scaring me . Sweetie , calm down . Tell me what 's going on . Vanessa , something happened last night . I can 't tell you about it , but I promise you , I did it to protect us . Protect us from what ? What are you talking about ? I can 't tell you right now . I 'll call you in a couple of days and I 'll explain . But right now I just need that money . Can we please just go to the bank ? It was you . You did it . I threatened you and you killed me . You killed me . That 's the ME 's preliminary report on the death of Audrey Parker . There 's no note . Nothing in her journals that indicates she was considering suicide . He 's going to rule it an accidental death . You know that she lived in France for three years in the 1 950s ? Like , just pulled up all the stakes and moved there . She met Samuel Beckett at a party . He complimented her on her dress . You admire her , don 't you ? Yeah , in a way , because she just lived her life without compromise . And that was no easy thing for a woman of her generation . And to be honest , it 's really no easy thing now . You know , I gave up my career to move to Spain for my daughter . I gave up Spain to come back here to look for my sister . And right now , my entire life just feels like a bunch of compromises all just strung together . Anyway , no , no . I 'm not gonna demonize Audrey Parker because she took a promicin shot . Diana , I 'm not saying you should . But as far as what happened to her , why she died , that 's for the Seattle police to figure out . Our involvement ended as soon as we learned she was behind the blog . No . You can 't just file me away . I didn 't kill myself . I was murdered . What the hell was that ? - Power surge ? - I don 't know , but that 's the second time today . Remember all the radios freaked out at Audrey 's house ? Good morning . Thank you all for coming . Four months ago , the U.S. government shut this building down along with many other buildings like it across the country . In two days , I 'm going to be reopening its doors . I will be starting up my healing foundation again and I plan on using this building as its base of operations . I would like to remind everyone out there that the 4400 aren 't all revolutionaries . We are not at war with society . We want to help it . We can help and will not be forced into silence by the government 's so-called " war on promicin . " As a show of good faith to the world at large , I will heal anyone who is present on our first day open . 4400 have been silent for a long time . Too long . We look forward to meeting the world again . It 's currently illegal to use a 4400 ability without special dispensation from the government . Have you made arrangements ? There are no arrangements to be made . The people who run the country aren 't in a very accommodating mood right now . So you haven 't discussed your plans with them ? Not exactly , but I 'm sure they will be in touch . Why are we going to the funeral of a woman you only met once ? I think someone has to pay her some respect . Okay . But , I don 't know , I 'm just trying to make sense of this and see what this has to do with tracking down April . What ? What ? That 's why you came back here , right ? That 's why we had to leave Spain . Yes . While I 'm looking , I have to work cases . That 's the deal . And I just- - I just feel badly for her , you know ? She died alone , she might have committed suicide . What is going on ? Everywhere I go today , I just keep hearing that static . At work , in the car on the way home . That 's kind of weird . You- - You left me a voice message on my cell phone today , right ? - Oh , yeah . - I couldn 't hear a thing . It was all staticky and garbled . That cell phone message I left you . Did you save it ? I just wanna say this is really weird . I ran that cell phone message you brought through about six different audio filters . There was nothing there . Just static . Why would you expect anything different ? Come on . - What are we even doing here ? - I thought it was a little crazy too . But then I tried dropping everything out . I tried listening to the message in what theoretically should have been total silence . This is what I found . Murdered . Murdered . Murdered . Murdered . Murdered . Murdered . Murdered . Murdered . Murdered . Murdered . Murdered . Murdered . We think Audrey Parker 's ability was- - Well , I guess , you 'd have to call it astral projection . I mean , she could send her consciousness out of her body . That 's a kind of broadcast , right ? She 's sending a signal . It 's a real thing . I mean , it could disrupt electrical fields . So if she died while she was using her ability- - Then her body 's gone , but the signal is still out there . So Audrey 's mind or soul or whatever you wanna call it has been following me around and that recording has caught a fragment of what she 's trying to say . Exactly . It obviously thinks it was murder . - She , Brady . - All right , hold up a second , okay ? That tape gave me chills too , but it 's not necessarily proof of anything . Audrey wrote everything down . Let 's just go back over the journals one last time . If there 's anything in there , anyone who seems suspicious , we 'll just track it down . Vanessa Martin ? Excuse me . Hi , I 'm Tom Baldwin . This is my partner , Diana Skouris . - We 're from NTAC . - Hi , we 're looking for Philip Delacroix . Why is NTAC looking for Philip ? We 've been reviewing the journals of a possible murder victim named Audrey Parker . There were repeated references to you and your agent . I 'm sorry , I don 't know anyone named Audrey Parker . Philip Delacroix is not who he claims to be . His real name is Philip Wilson . And there are warrants out in several states for his arrest . - Philip ? - Do you know where Philip went ? We 've already been by his apartment and it 's cleared out . He came to see me yesterday . Said he was leaving town . Needed money . You don 't think he had anything to do with that woman 's death ? We 'll let you know . Thank you . Looks like Audrey confronted the wrong guy . Let 's put out an APB on Philip Wilson and all his known aliases . Okay , go back to the office . Put it on the wire . Call me if anything pops , okay ? I 've gotta be somewhere . Okay . Oh , I have to say I expected a visit from you guys , but I didn 't think they 'd send the head of NTAC . I wanted to do this in person . I had to emphasize the seriousness of the government 's position . You know , you guys are sure happy to call me when you need me to bail you out . The moment that I wanna go public , you break out the fire hose . I 'm just healing some people . There 's nothing to be afraid of . It 's not a political statement . Not a radical act . I 'm afraid you 're misreading the climate . As far as D.C. ' s concerned , any unsanctioned use of a 4400 ability is a radical act . Well , I 'm not misreading the climate , I 'm trying to change it . There 's too much fear out there right now . I think I can help . I have to ask you . You keep talking about the government 's position , but how do you feel about what I 'm doing ? No one 's questioning your motives , Mr. Farrell . Personally , I think you 've done some amazing things . But it doesn 't matter really what we believe . If you go through with this , it won 't be us stopping you . They 're talking about sending riot squads . There won 't be anything I can do , Shawn . They will arrest you . Well , I guess we 'll find out tomorrow . It 's gonna be interesting . Come on . I told you . I was trying to take advantage of Vanessa . All those arrest warrants , that 's me . I did those . I 'm admitting that to you . But I never murdered anyone . Why did you run ? Why were you trying to cross the border into Canada ? That woman knew who I was . How did I know she wasn 't gonna expose me to the police no matter what I did ? I didn 't even know her name until you told me . I swear I didn 't kill Audrey Parker . - What was that ? - Maybe it 's broken . Maybe it just doesn 't believe your story . Diana . He 's telling the truth . He didn 't do it . The ME says that Audrey died between 7 and 8 in the morning . I just checked out Philip 's alibi . It holds . He was in a coffee shop that whole time . He met a woman for breakfast . She was another mark . He had her on the line for a phony real-estate deal . He was with her for two hours , trying to get money out of her . Well , maybe she 's lying . She knows him . She might be covering for him . The clerk at the coffee shop confirms it . So does the manager . Diana , we 'll hand him over to Seattle P.D. , have him arrested on the outstanding warrants . But if Audrey Parker was murdered , Philip Wilson didn 't do it . Come on . No . No , he 's lying . He has to be . He 's- - What 's happening to me ? I 'm fading away . There 's nothing there . I 've listened again and again . It 's just static . I know that Audrey was following me around all last night . My cell phone , answering machine , television , just breaking up constantly . I mean , she 's trying to tell me something . She probably is . But it 's like I told you , whatever 's left of Audrey is energy , you know , a kind of signal . And signals fade . - Think she 's getting weaker ? - Each time she talks to you , it costs her a little of whatever energy she has left . If she stays silent , she 'll be around longer . Maybe she could muster enough to communicate with you one more time , but it might be the last thing she ever does . She can disappear forever . All right , we 'll just go back into her journals . - We 'll interview everyone in them . - Diana , stop . I know you respect Audrey Parker . To tell you the truth , after reading about her , I do too . Yeah , she took promicin , but look what she did for Vanessa Martin . She was trying to help people . But we 've done what we 've agreed to do . We looked through the journals , we can 't be sure she was murdered . And even if she was , it still wouldn 't be our case . Now , I 'm sorry . It 's time to let this go . I 'm sorry , Audrey . So is it starting to make sense yet ? No . Not really . Yeah , the guy they talk about could be Jordan Collier . Some of the details do match up . Or it could be a coincidence . I mean , they left it vague enough anyone could read into this whatever they want to . Well , you can 't just dismiss it . That book is a blue print for how Collier 's gonna succeed . Oh , yeah ? Jordan Collier needs the handbook of a cult that hasn 't even had a living member in 80 years ? - He does . And he needs you . - For what ? To tell him some crazy guy predicted he was gonna be God 's messenger ? Guide him to be a shaman . You keep saying that . How can l guide him if I don 't know anything ? Well , that 's what you 've got me for , Kyle . Everything in that book is going to come true . Collier will lead the human race to salvation . You will help him . You don 't believe me yet . It 's okay . I 'll show you . I 'm going to be at the intersection of Forbes and Shady tonight . Around 2 a.m. I hope you 'll show . It 's where it 's all beginning . If you 're not there , you 'll never see me again . But if you come , you 'll see it all begin . And I promise , you will believe . Are you sure you wanna do this ? You 're probably gonna get into trouble . Doesn 't mean you have to join in on the fun . Nothing changes on its own , right ? And besides , you said you didn 't wanna be alone . I left you money , Hanna . My house too . Almost everything I have . You 'll find out in a couple of days . You were always so kind to me . Lucas , lunch is ready . Come on , you 've gotta eat before work . Lucas . Yeah , I 'll be down in a minute . Hold on . You need to be kind to your mother , Lucas . She loves you . And she 's trying to raise you all on her own . No , I already told you . I don 't know how many carats it is . Well , I 'm sure it 's worth a couple grand at least . My necklace . That 's my necklace . Seriously , how soon can you meet me ? I screwed up really bad . That 's my necklace . It was you . Well , I need to get rid of this thing . You killed me . This building stays closed . Those are my orders . All right . Not a problem . I can do my work right here . Excuse me . Hi . - What 's your name ? - Kathy . I have cerebral palsy . Step away , Mr. Farrell . I think there 's something we can do about that . You 're in our custody now . All right , go home now . This is all over . Go home . Please . You 've gotta let him go . He 's not doing anything wrong . Step aside . Look , we don 't wanna hurt anyone . But this is an illegal assembly . - Stop . Stop . - Step aside . I 'm from NTAC . Can 't you see ? These people aren 't gonna let you just walk him out of here ? And look around you . There are sick people here . They 're the mainstream . They 're who we 're trying to protect . Listen to me . Tell your men to stand down . Sir , this situation 's out of control . I 've got NTAC telling me to back off . Yes , sir . I understand . Let him go . Everyone , if I can just have a little space . Now , where were we ? I guess I haven 't really thought much about why I 've got Audrey under my skin . I- - - Come here . - I guess I just identified with her . You know ? If I had made different choices or chosen a different path , I could be the one who 's dying alone . Maybe . But you didn 't . And you won 't . No , no , no . Come on . Let it ring . Leave a message and we 'll get back to you as soon- - It 's her . That 's Audrey . I didn 't mean for her to die . I swear I didn 't . I just wanted her stuff . I gave her that morphine shot so that she 'd stay asleep while I looked through her house . I 've seen my mom inject her so many times , I figured it would be okay . It was an accident . You 'll take that into account , won 't you ? I swear to God it was an accident . - Not exactly a master criminal . - No . If Audrey hadn 't left his name on my answering machine , who knows if we would have found him . She 's a brave lady . She must have known that communicating again would use up whatever time she had left . I haven 't heard any static since last night . I guess she went out the way she lived . With style . Do you think that this is how you feel after a marathon ? I wouldn 't know . Better get a good night 's sleep . We 're not even halfway through the list of people who showed up . Hey , Shawn . - Hey , Uncle Tommy . - I 'm sure you 're tired , so I hate to even ask , but are you up for one more ? Yeah , sure . Yeah . Yeah . Hey . His name 's Donald . He 's my father . I 'd be grateful if you could help him . Hello , Donald . Let 's go into my office , okay ? The head of NTAC benefiting personally from a 4400 ability . Are you sure you 're up for the fallout ? They let this place stay open . They blinked . Let them fire me . This is Audrey 's favorite song . She mentioned it a couple of times in her journals . It makes sense . I think the song was written back in the ' 30s . Oh , my God . It 's her . She 's still here . Where 's that tape recorder ? We gotta get this . No , we don 't need to record this . I already know what she 's saying . She 's saying goodbye . It 's so beautiful . I 'm ready . You can stop . This is the spot . I 'm glad you showed . Yeah , me too . Great view of nothing . It 's all about to happen . What do you mean ? What 's- - What 's gonna happen ? You gotta take this turn , baby . Go . Let 's go . Let 's go . Come on . Isabelle Tyler ?
