 The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 : You 're the alternative we need to Collier and his promicin-pushing radicals . Does that mean you 'll run for council ? That means I 'm gonna run and I 'm gonna win . Promicin is out there . People are gaining abilities and nothing can be done about that . Who 's Cassie ? I 'm not what you 'd call real . I 'm Kyle 's ability . Everything in that book is going to come true . Collier will lead the human race to salvation . You will help him . Isabelle Tyler ? I 've done bad things . And I 'm supposed to do more . I was sent to help you get away . This is all happening for a reason . Do you believe Jordan Collier is a messiah and that promicin 's gonna save the world ? Kyle , listen to me . If you 're involved in something ... The lab report you asked for , the samples came back positive for promicin . Kyle . Kyle ? Hey , Dad , what 's up ? - Where are you , Kyle ? - ls something wrong ? I need to talk to you about it . It 's important . But we have to do it in person . Can you come home now ? Sure , yeah. I can be home in , like , 20 minutes . What 's wrong ? Twenty minutes. I 'll be here . You can 't go back there , Kyle . He knows . Knows what ? What do you think ? Your father knows you took the promicin shot . What 's he gonna do ? is he gonna tell NTAC ? If I can 't go home , what am I to do ? Where do I live ? - You can move on now . - Move where ? You 're heading north . Take Highway 99 until it crosses with Rural Route 57 . Follow that and you 'll find an old logging pass . When it ends , get out and start walking , due west . What am I looking for ? Go there . Enjoy the surprise . Hey . I heard talking. ls everything okay ? You have to get ready , okay ? We 're leaving . Don 't let them take me ! Maia . Oh , sweetie . It 's okay . Sweetheart , it 's okay . Nobody 's taking you anywhere . You- - You just had a nightmare . It 's like a prison . All the people with abilities are there . They make us line up , then they take us away . Someplace bad . What kind of place ? You 've had this dream before ? That was the second time . I thought it was going to go away . But it didn 't . It 's okay , sweetie . Come here . It 's okay , baby . What are we even supposed to be looking for ? We 're in the middle of nowhere . Cassie said to come here , that means there 's something here . That cell tower services the entire area . And you 're positive that 's the final signal from my son 's phone ? All right . All right , thanks . Just for once , I 'd like to beat you in here . Diana . Listen , I have to leave for a while . Kyle 's in trouble . is he ? What 's wrong ? I can 't get into it but I have to find him . I need you to cover for me . I just got off the phone with Kyle 's wireless carrier . The last signal from his cell phone came four hours away . It could be a while , a day or two . Well , tell me what 's wrong . I 'd like to help . The best help you can give me is to cover my back . Tell anyone who asks that I 'm in the field on one of our cases . - Okay . - l 'll call you when I find him . Tom ? Good luck . Thanks . Oh , my God . Oh , my God . You trapped me . You led me right to him . How did you find this place ? I took the shot . I have these visions . They led me to you . They told me I have to bring you something . Hey , it 's just a book , man . All right , it 's important . It 's about you . You have to read it . There was this religious movement about 90 years ago . White Light . They called it a cult . This book was their prophecy . It 's all about promicin , the movement . It 's the reason I 'm supposed to find you . And her ? And you 're supposed to lead Isabelle Tyler to me as well ? I was guided to her . The same way I was guided to you . She 's gonna help us with the movement , Jordan . I 'm not a threat to you . I don 't have my abilities anymore . Well , what could you possibly do for me ? I don 't know . That 's you . I 'm telling you , it 's all about you . Bring them . Mr. Farrell has been handed this remarkable ability but he himself is simply not that distinguished of a young man . Now , even if he was the second coming of Robert Kennedy , I would still say that a 4400 has no business running for public office . - Today 's clippings . - Do I wanna read today 's clippings ? Everyone respects your healing work but they 're calling you out on your age . Your inexperience . Your lack of education . - Your connections with Jordan Collier . - l get it. I get it . It 's just do I really have to study my own shortcomings ? That 's what I wanna know . The campaign manager thinks you do . She got you a meeting with Gabriel Hewitt later today . And you 're gonna have to be able to refute his talking points one by one . Have a sit-down with a man that 's been badmouthing me to anybody that will put a camera in his face ? I think the idea is to win him over . Tell him about the foundation . Convince him you are not some pawn of Jordan Collier . I admire you , Kyle . Given your background , it must have been difficult for you to take the promicin shot . But I 've read your book. lt 's wrong . - l 'm no messiah . - l know how it sounds . It was hard for me to believe too . I 'm nobody 's religious nut . But these visions I have are never wrong . Not once . If they say that book is important , I have to believe what 's in there . Promicin isn 't just here to improve the world , Jordan . It 's here to bring heaven to Earth . I don 't know exactly what that means but you 're supposed to make it happen and I 'm supposed to help you . It 's like it says in the book . You are gonna lead us all to God . Untie him . We 'll continue this somewhere more comfortable . What about me ? I 'll deal with you soon enough . Goodness me , it 's a customer I don 't recognize . Will wonders ever cease ? I guess you don 't get many visitors here . This town isn 't even on my map . That Highway 2 running a few years back . Since then , we 've been a little short on visitors . But it 's a treat to have one as handsome as you . Kathy , would you stop flirting with the poor man and see if he wants some lunch ? I 'm good . Thanks . You don 't come all this way to skip my famous apple pie . Tell the man , will you , Shannon ? Kathy makes a mean apple pie . It 's the house specialty . Well , I 'm sure she does . Look , I wish I had the time . I was hoping to find the sheriff . There was a note on the door . He should just move his office in here . Thanks . My son 's driving a green Saturn . Well , there 's not much reason to come out here . But if I do see it , I 'll definitely give you a call . If your boy did pass through here , I 'm sure he 's moved on by now . You 're welcome to have a wander . Ask around . - l appreciate that , sheriff . Thanks . - Not a problem . is there anything we can get you for the road ? You should try the pie , mister . It 's really good . I 'll pass but thanks . - You 're sure ? - Yeah . Bye . Bye . The question is , are we just talking about a kid 's recurring nightmare or is it something worse ? Well , obviously , I 'm pulling for nightmares . Maia 's visions don 't usually happen while she 's sleeping . And she wasn 't seeing this while we were in Spain . And the headlines aren 't exactly reassuring these days . They 're more immediate when your mom brings you back to the front lines . Maybe so , but we can 't really rule out visions either , can we ? We 're talking about prison camps . Maia hasn 't broken any laws . She is a 4400 . She didn 't take promicin . I 'm afraid that distinction doesn 't mean much these days . People are scared . A lot of them wanna lock up every P-Positive out there . The wrong leader comes to power , someone who exploits all that fear everybody 's feeling , and suddenly this doesn 't seem so far-fetched . There 's a more productive way to look at this . I mean , if they are visions , at least we 've got some warning . You know , if we had more specifics , maybe we can make sure they don 't come true . I 'm trying to stop my daughter from having these nightmares , not encourage her to have more specific ones so that you can analyze them . Thanks for your help though . Excuse me ? Sorry. I didn 't see you there . - Can I get you something ? - Yeah , I 'm on my way out of town . Any chance I can fill up ? Your pumps don 't seem to be working . I haven 't had a gas truck around in a while . But I think I 've got a spare gas can in the back . Just give me a sec . Yeah . What are you doing , mister ? You took my son 's car . Where is he ? - Calm down. I don 't know . - Where 's Kyle ? - l don 't know , man . - Now you hold it right there . Take your hands off that man right now . Sheriff , this man has my son 's car . Tell him . Tell him ! - Don 't know what you 're talking about . - He 's been messing with this for months . Now you said yourself your boy just drove through here today . - That 's my son 's car. I know it is . - No . Now , look , I am sorry for your troubles , mister , but you 're wrong . And I don 't think we can help you here . So maybe it 's time you just moved on , huh ? The starter 's on the fritz . Give me a hand here ? You shouldn 't have seen that , mister . Who are you people ? What is this place ? - And you say you deciphered this ? - Isabelle did . It 's a list of names , but it 's people who are alive today . Politicians , religious leaders , scientists . The book says that once these people all take promicin , everyone will . It 's like a domino effect . And that 's when- - When God comes ? I know it sounds crazy but- - Only if you take the book literally . I mean , God could mean any number of things . If these people saw a world healed by promicin , they could have interpreted that as heaven . I don 't know . The only way we 'll know is if we just follow the book and see what happens , right ? We 've allowed the government to characterize the movement as a revolution . Revolutions divide . Destabilize . Spread fear . Religions ... Religions unite . There 's an NTAC agent somewhere in town . Apparently , there 's an NTAC agent in town looking for his son . My Dad knows I took the shot . He must 've tracked me here . He would 've come on his own . He 's just looking to protect me . That 's it . Jordan , be careful with him , okay ? He 's my father and he 's the last name on the list . The book says your father has to take the shot ? Yeah . Interesting . So the application process for the healing foundation is blind . It helps to avoid favoritism . And we average about a dozen treatments a day now . Well , the work you do here is remarkable . But then I already knew that . Well , does that mean you 're gonna stop slinging mud at me ? Quite the contrary . I intend on attacking you right up until the day of the election . You seem to be taking this as if it 's some referendum on your character . I assure you that it isn 't . Personally , I think that you are an exceptional young man . There are a lot of people out there that are afraid of what you represent . So going after you , well , that 's just good politics . So you don 't think I 'm a threat but you 're going to say that I am anyway ? You ... You look so shocked . Look , I have my eye on something greater than just city council . When you declared for the race , you brought the national media spotlight with you . And if I didn 't take advantage of that , well , I wouldn 't be much of a politician now , would I ? Don 't make a sound . Now , open the door . Open it up . Whatever you can do , whatever your ability is , don 't try to use it . I can 't hurt anybody . Please you- - Put the gun down . What is this place ? What did you people do to this town ? It was an old timber-mill town . It was abandoned years ago . So we came and we made it our own . - Who 's we ? - All of us . Everyone who lives here has taken the shot . We wanted a place where we could live without fear of being arrested . That won 't work here . We have someone who can disrupt electrical signals . What did you do to my son ? Nothing . He came to us . He 's safe . - He 's being taken care of . - Then take me to him . Now . No , I wouldn 't say that my meeting with Mr. Farrell did anything to convince me that a 4400 should hold public office . Maia , what are you doing up ? I 'm not tired . is that true ? Or are you just worried about what you might dream ? Sweetie , it 's okay to be scared . You know , you 're upset and we 've- - We 've been through a lot of changes . Why are we back here ? Why do we have to find a new school ? - And why is Ben gone ? - Well , sweetie- - And why do you always call me sweetie when I get upset ? I 'm not a little kid anymore . No , okay . Maia , you 're right . You 're not a little kid . And I understand if you 're mad at me . I mean , we 've moved around a lot , but this city , as scary as it can be , is the one place where your mom can do the most good , and that 's important . And I tried to pretend that it wasn 't and l- - l hope you 'll appreciate that one day . But , sweetie- - Maia , you can 't stay up forever . It will only make you feel worse . Do you think I could have that can ? Kyle . - Kyle . - Here . - Hey , Kyle , are you all right ? - l 'm fine , thanks . But I 'm not Kyle . Collier , get down on the ground . Hello , Tom . Welcome to my town . That bacon smells good , huh ? Okay , so to make scrambled eggs ... Do you wanna crack the egg ? Okay . Oh , I hope we didn 't wake you . We figured you would wanna sleep after last night . How do you like your eggs ? Morning , Tom . What did you do to me ? Well , we 've taken steps to ensure that you behave yourself while you 're our guest . That bracelet you 're wearing ? Our town mechanic created that . Dalton. I believe you met him . It 's quite a device . It allows us to track you wherever you go . And that- - That pain in your head ? He did that . He 's capable of worse . So if you become violent while you 're here or make any attempt to leave Evanston- - Where 's Kyle ? Kyle is fine . We 've been talking . He 's a very brave young man . Where is he ? I wanna see him . Not yet . Kyle and I agree , you 're not ready . You don 't understand what we 're trying to accomplish here . All right , then tell me , what is this place ? It 's a model for a better world . I gathered these people . They all took the shot and left their old lives behind . Well , they 've created something better here in Evanston . Have a walk around . See for yourself . Maia 's dreaming about Gabriel Hewitt ? In her nightmares , he 's some kind of leader . President , vice president , cabinet member. I don 't know . But he seems to be overseeing some extremely repressive measures against the 4400 . Nobody respects your daughter 's ability more than I do . And I 'm sorry that she 's seeing these things but Hewitt , he 's on the Seattle City Council . That 's a long way away from pulling these kinds of strings . Look , please understand . I think you 've taken a very brave step by declaring for public office . I mean , it 's exactly the kind of gesture this country needs . But , I mean , you have to consider that you may inadvertently be giving a platform to a very dangerous man . What are you asking me to do ? Drop out ? Because that 's not gonna happen . I 'm not asking you to do anything . I just want you to have the facts . But these aren 't facts . They 're dreams . Shawn ... Even if they are visions , I stop them from happening by staying in the race , by taking a stand against hatred and proving Hewitt wrong . I hope that 's what happens . But right now , that 's not what Maia 's seeing . We 're not the enemy , you know . We just think people deserve a choice . I was in a bad place when I took the shot . Most of us were . But now I can do something wonderful . Something no one else can . What is it ? Your ability ? I guess you could call me an anxiety extractor . I talk to people . Actually , they do most of the talking , but when we 're done , they feel better . All their worries just gone . What 's that , like a souped-up shrink ? I don 't have any advice . Believe me . But it works . I 've talked to just about everybody in town . Would you wanna try it ? I don 't think so . Think of it as a good-faith gesture . You 'd be one step closer to seeing your son . Plus , no offense , but I think you could use it . Kyle says you 're essential to what I 'm doing . He 's a very forgiving young man . He wasn 't there when you killed 4400s . Why shouldn 't I be rid of you forever ? I don 't know . I 'm not in that book . But when I first got older , I was told I existed to stop the 4400 . And that 's what I tried to do . You beat me . I thought I 'd spend the rest of my life in prison , thinking about what I 'd done . And then Kyle found me . He told me I have a purpose . He told me I could still be good . And you have no idea how much I want that to be true . So I was hoping you , in some way , could make my life mean something . I wanna try . If I accept what Kyle says about our movement , I have to accept what he says about you . But the first moment you make me nervous , your invitation is rescinded . And you can guess what that means . Cut her down . Every move I make , it seems like there 's some- - A loss that comes with it . The woman I love is gone . I 'm losing my son to Collier and- - Are you done ? How do you feel ? Wow , I actually feel better . It 's not permanent . We would need to have follow-up talks . What is this ? Whenever I talk to someone , at the end , there 's one of these . I think it represents all of the bad stuff inside of you . The fear , anxiety . You should keep it . A little reminder of what we do here . Kathy , you weren 't lying . This pie is delicious . Yeah , the pie 's pretty good . The aftertaste is a killer . Aftertaste ? What aftertaste ? You 'll see . He 's getting scared . Shannon , tell him it 's okay . It 's all right , Tom . Just relax . The pie had a little something in it . Something ? What do you mean , something ? What something ? It 's a special ingredient , courtesy of one of our residents . After we take it , we share one mind . We can see each other 's memories . It 's how we know each other better . It 's amazing if you just relax . This was Billy 's last birthday before his parents were killed in a plane crash . That 's Paul and Kathy . They were so cute when they were young . He popped the question after three weeks . He said he just knew . They can 't see us ? We 're not even really here . It 's just a memory . I 've never seen this before . This is me . Oh , my God , that 's me . That is so fun ... We won the league championship that year . My father actually came to the game . Hey . Hey , I ... I don 't know what to say . - Another satisfied customer . - Yeah . That was amazing . You know , I feel like I know you all now . - lt 's pretty intense , isn 't it ? - Yeah . I 'm just glad you finally accepted the invitation . Yeah , me too . Hey , Dad . Glad you got to spend some time in this place . These people , they 're not evil . They 're just looking to make a better life for themselves and they did . How could you take the shot ? How could you risk your life like that ? It was worth it , Dad . It brought me here . In a weird way , it brought us together . I know our relationship has always been complicated but this place is simple . It 's good , Dad . The life they 're living here , Dad , that could be our life . We could live here . You and me . Isn 't that what you want ? For us to be together ? Of course . More than anything . If you wanna stay here , if you wanna live here with me , you have to take the shot . Kyle , you know I can 't do that . You 're afraid of dying , Dad ? Because I promise you , if you take the shot , you will live . How could you know that ? Everybody here has an ability . So do I . I can 't talk to you about it right now but I know that you 'll be okay . I know that 's a lot to take in . You don 't have to give me an answer right away , just sleep on it . I know I haven 't said this to you in a long time , but I love you . Do you think he 'll do it ? Part of him wants to . I can see it in his eyes . He knows this place is good . But his whole life has just been about duty . The fbi , NTAC . I 'm not sure he 'll be able to turn his back on all that . - And if he says no ? - And his name 's in the book , right ? It 's pretty much a guarantee that he can survive the shot . Can 't we just make him take it ? I 've never forced anyone to take promicin . The movement 's always been about choice . But your relationship with your father , it 's intricate . So if you think it best to give him the shot , I 'll respect your decision . So if I stay in the race , I 'm creating a monster . You don 't know that for sure . Remember , we 're talking about dreams . No , these aren 't just dreams . This girl predicted that Jordan would be shot . She can tell the future . And Hewitt said it himself when he was here . He 's using me to get attention for his career . I can 't just sit on this . I have to do something . If Jordan found out that some guy was rising to power on his back and he could become some kind of homegrown Hitler , he wouldn 't just sit around wringing his hands . He 'd- - He 'd act . Good morning , Tom . You 're donating promicin ? Every week . We all do . I hate needles . But Jordan 's given us all so much . We figure , the least we can do is give something back . I rigged up this machine here . You wanna see how it works ? I 'm glad I saw this place . And I know how much it means to you . And for the first time , I feel like maybe I understand what Collier 's trying to do . Yeah . But I can 't be a part of it . You 're holding on to this idea of yourself as our opponent . Our enemy . You can just let go of that . It 'd be so easy . It 's not about that , Kyle . This town , it 's like- - lt 's like a little utopia . But it exists to send promicin out into the streets . No matter how you 'd look at it , half the people who take that shot are going to die . - And I can 't live with that . - You have to . We all have to , Dad . Forget fifty-fifty , okay ? If the movement doesn 't succeed , nobody has any chance . I don 't believe that . I can 't . I get it . You have to follow what you believe . - And so do I . - No , wait , Kyle . You are the only thing that could tempt me to do this . And I love you . Get out of my way. I 'm leaving . I 'm sorry you 've declined our invitation , Tom . I 'm sorry your lack of faith will cost you your son . I 'm walking away . You go ahead and give me a stroke if you have to but I 'm walking out of this town . You know I can 't let you do that . No . No . No . I told you. I 'm not taking the shot . No . Kyle . Kyle . No . No ! No . No . No ! No . No . No . Kyle . Kyle ! Kyle ! It 's not just about the politics , is it ? What the hell are you doing here ? Everything that you said to me in my office that day was a lie . This is private property . You know that I can have you arrested for trespassing . Truth is you hate us all . You hate all the 4400 . So what if I do ? I mean , what difference does it make ? Now I 'll ask you again . Why are you hanging around outside my garage ? What are you doing here ? I wanted to see you without cameras when you put your public face up for the night . Have a look at your eyes . I have reason to believe that you 're capable of terrible things and that you have an evil living inside of you . What if you did see evil ? Then what ? Honestly , I don 't know what I would do . But the truth is I can 't see anything . You may be full of fear and hatred but you 're just a man for now . Listen , you may not know it yet , you wouldn 't make a very good leader . I 'm not gonna let you become one . But your promicin test came back negative . Yeah . I 'm so sorry about Kyle , Tom . Look , we need to call Meghan . Issue a new APB . Jordan Collier . His followers . And my son . I couldn 't force him to take it , Jordan . I 'm sorry . Well , I left the choice up to you . Anyway , the sedative we gave him gave us enough time to get out of Evanston . But he 's gone. I lost my Dad . We lost my Dad . His name 's in the book. lf he doesn 't take the shot , we don 't succeed . Then you need to have faith he will . But it won 't happen because we forced it on him . One day , Kyle , I believe your father will come to us . We lost Evanston because of me . I cost us paradise . It 's all right . Evanston was never meant as a permanent settlement . It was only a dress rehearsal for paradise . So , what do we do now ? There are all these people here . What are you gonna do with them ? None of you should lose hope . There is a next step . There is a home waiting for each and every one of you . We 're going to Seattle .
