 Youre Machinata Dontyou live by some sort of code ? FineYou canwinyour freedom bya game of chance Ready ? High roller wins iii take twogarbage bags The kindwith the laminated seams lll takethattogo lm not that easy lve gotsomeone who wants to talk to you Busy day Shell be back for thatlater Wheredyou go ? One minute youre there And the next lm standing alone atAxtonGate , holding the only evidence thatwould link usto thatjob I hadto go To meet me at Bighorn ? Itwas crawlingwith troops I know lwas inthat detention center for nine weeks Did they payyou ? Sure they did Howaboutsome of thatmoney , then ? lm behind on mytarrifs and the order isaksing for myhead Thats nothing comparedto the job ive gotlined up for you Look at this Tira CoronaGeneral of the RepublicanArmy Closest thing to a revolutionagainst the Zitan Colonial Forces that the sector can dredge up Whowantsher dead ? Whyisitalways aboutkilling for you ? Cantyoujuststeal something once in a while ? Shesgota lostand found propostionAnd a big bankroll Whatmakesyou think thatlwould be stupid enough togetinvolved in another one ofyour jobs ? Because you cant get enough ofme Dontworry , lm going downwithyou this time Whatdo you think youre doing ? I already told her youre taking the job Youre the besttracker , the bestshadowinthis sector Andof course , lm the bestmiddle man Well , I prefer italone You putme offgroupwork forever However lf the fee isright , andyou can getme outof this tightspotwiththe Machinata What else are you goingto do ? Collectbounty on four-figure screwheadsforever ? The fee is right lwouldnthave suggested it otherwise Andyouknow lm goodfor it Do I ? No Butyou have no other choice , Antigone And neither doyou Tell me more about this General Are you sleepingwith her ? Busy ? Nope Canyou help me ? Why ? Justthoughtitwouldbe nice , you being the local constabulary andall Whatare we supposed todo , exactly ? Whats going on outhere ? Can I helpyou ? Ransom for a wantedfugitive GortyHex Says treason here Whats thatpaying these days ? Three thousand Youre right itis Thought thatwas you Does your daddyknowyoure outhere ? Your cardsnotworking Really ? No ls cash okay ? Yeah I guess Letme guess : You guys joinedfor the action GortonHex , inaccordance with martial lawEdict9235 , you are hereby sentenced to execution , via injection squad Anylastrequests ? Fine , then Wait , you bastards itis dictated bylaw that I divulge the sequence ofinjection to the convicted Youwill be injectedthree times Once byeach one ofus One syringe containsVistersine , a lethal compoundwhen mixed - - With Zoxin , which isin another syringe The thirdsyringe contains a placebo None ofus issure who haswhich drug , Andin thiswaynone ofushas tolive with the guilt of administeringthe fatal dose In my opinion however , thisis an extreme waste ofmanpower And its notmuch fun lhate itwhen they getall foamylike that Hey , Ugly What took you so long ? I died thistime I really died And then lsaw thisbrightlight And I moved towardsthatlightbecause I thoughtitmightbe You ! And then I could strangle you for having killedme Relax Relax ? Thats easy for youto say ! Its notyour necking the noose Could be worse How ? Could have stayed dead LookYou donthave to doit for much longer I onlyhave twoof the antidotesleft I do have eight ofthe poison sets ifyoud prefer Thirteen , fourteen Fifteenfor youand fifteen for me Howmanypoisons didyou sayyou had left ? Eight I have an idea onhow to make a lotmore money faster Save itThis scam doesnthurtanyone and thatsjust the wayl like it Sir , nine of the planetary governors are confirmed dead , the others are still missing Presumably still in hiding And Planetfall ? We mustassume ithas been confiscated bythe locals The factiswe dontknow lwantmymen- - Sir ! Your forcesin thatarea are gone Completelywipedout I thoughtyou said there wasone survivor There isAndwe have him here Tell me everythingAnd talk fast ltboggles the mind Are youkidding ? I love the way the armyis letting me geting touchwith nature Yeah , but three cases ofspace potatoeseach ? Sometimesthe punishment doesnt fit the crime BUTTHlS time it DOES ! Oooh , theywere SOworthit Liles LavelleYouve both been activated for duty Weve beenordered toenter theVolcano Zone and pick up a drop shipment thatwentmissing there Whyus , sir ? Were the biggestlosers I know Thanksa lot , jerk lm inclinedto agree withyou , soldier Unfortunately , the Royal ZitanArmycantafford topick and choose atthis point You mustbe kiddingYoumeanwere it ? I hate toeven admitit its come to this I prefer the potatoes Youre a hunter LuxAntigone Member of the Machinata cult its nota cult Youre for sale to the highestbidder And from whatl understandyoure quite expensive Justask your friend here My skills are worth the price Whataboutyour loyalty ? Andyour silence ? Whatdo you need ? Youre to goplanetsideTo Zita You are to locate a large shipping crate Unmarked Untraceable in anyway And bring itback here to us lfits unmarked and untraceable , how do I knowif lve found it ? The onlythingwe knowaboutitare its exactdimensions lt flew out of Zita City three weeksago Even their army cant findit Yourecover it , itsworth seventy-five thousand toyou lfitsworth thatmuch , whatevers in it isa lotmore trouble than that iii need toknowwhatitis Alarge sum ofmoneywasstolenfrom the Republican Treasury Asyou cansee from the size ofthe crate , itsall hardcurrency We think the President of Zita appropriated it , and itshidden down there somewhere Justhowmuchmoney are we talking about ? Alotmore than seventy-five thousand Whydontyou get one ofyour soldiers todo the job ? Letme letyou inon a little secret , kiddo War Were treading lightly alreadywith those guys We get caughtdown there with one of our boys , we couldverywell start the nextmajor conflict TrustmeAthird partyis necessary One ofskill and subtlety lll see what I can do Butlll needhalfin advance Do it Room for two , please lm sorry , we dontaccept cash Whatdo you meanyou dontacceptit ? Its Zita money ! ltsgoodeverywhere on this rock lm sorry Due to the economic state ofaffairs and the martial lawrestrictions , we have tostick toelectronic forms oftransfer only Converted directlyto Galactic Doesyour father knowyoure here ? He doesnow Does everyone knowyour dad ? Onlythe unlucky ones OkayWhatfirst ? The shipmentwent downing theVolcano Zone its about two days from here I think we should pick up the trail based on local hearsay and proceed into theVZ on foot lwant to take back some of the things I said aboutyou its good tobe back in business Justlike oldtimes Shark Sterling , the old ship Strange , newworlds Andthatinevitable momentwhen somebody fucksthe other guy over Whatis this ? Itsa neuro-muscular tranquilizer Were even , now Dontworrybaby , youll be upand atitagain in no time Notlike nine weeksof detention or anything Justa fewhours from now What ? Whatwas that ? Bitch Soromantic We are Monksof the Brotherhood of theWell of Dreams We dontlie aboutthe healing propertiesofher liquids Adrink from the stream producesthe greatestsleep youll ever know , andvisionsunlike anyother ltwill cost , of course Howmuch ? Five thousand Cash Cash ? I thoughtyouguys didnt TAKE cash We alwaystake cash Whatwill I see ? Some see the future Andothers ? Agreatbig buzz Thisis theWell of Dreams , nota buffet Good morrow , andwelcome younglady , to theWell of Dreams andSnooze Bar I am Brother Lee Doyou have an orbital tranceiver here ? I needto make an interstellar connection We do The soldiers are a little much The military police want toshut downthe temple TheWell is a natural springwith keyminerals whichcan be used tomake the drug , whichwe donot , for to doso would be against the basic tenet of our faith Still , theywant toshutusdown Heathens The drug ? Your card lll showyou to the phone PsylenolThe source of ourwoes lve heard rumors theyre system-wide bynow Howbad is it ? Its a civil war Or itwas anyway its all butover , now Whatwould the troopswantwitha monastery ? The Snooze Bar issimply a hotel for the weary traveler TheWell of Dreams Thatis the center ofour faith Amineral springwhose verynectar produces - - notonly a perfectnights sleep - -ever have one of those ? ltalsohas certain side effectswhich are Notunpleasant TheWater produces greatvisions I knowwhatyoure thinking One ofthose drugs Notatall They are visions of the future Yours , mine , ours , theirs For real lfyou still think time is linear , you needto reappraise your beliefs , sister Your terminal Nowifyoull excuse me , our eveningservice is about tobegin I have some of the money I owe Have you fallen prey toyetanother ofthe more humanpursuits ? No I am in the middle of a task thatpromises a favorable return Youll have your back duesand the ordainedportion of the whole , when I have it We onlyhave issue withyour chosenway of obtainingyour tariffs I understand Transfering now Charming religion Thatmakestwo today Oh , letme guess : You needthe extra moneyto distribute more poppies at the spaceports Hello ? Who the fuck isit ? May I ask who the fuck iscalling ? Um , Fletcher honey ? theresaLarge angryblack manon the phone for you Excuse me Thats FLETCHER What ? ! Who took them ? Notyour Machinata , you idiot ! Doyou knowhowmanypeople I hadto fuck over to get those codes ? Without those numbers , that crate is a useless two-tonpaperweight Where are you ? Well ? lm thinking I have meetingwith the presidentin well , soon lll be there tonight , withmenWell findyour Machinata lfshe tiesme to this , were all dead Getme Indio Thats notus Didnt think so I didntmean anyinsult Really ? You justseem reallyunhappywith the whole arrangement The Oath ofMaterial Povertyis voluntary Butitkeeps me busy , working Keeps youout of trouble , then ? Justbecause we aspire tobe one withmachines , doesntmeanwere mindless drones Were free topursue our own lives Really ? The HighPriestess maynotapprove ofthe manner inwhich lcollectmy offerings , but the Machinata appreciate itnonetheless lve justseen a lot of charlatanscome and prey on the weak ofmy planet They arrogantly claimyou canhave itall Butonlyifyou buywhatever theyre selling ljust dontwant tosee any of them come in from off-world Well lm nothere tocontaminate your planet lm justtrying togeta job done Well then Good luck toyou Machinata Same to you { Tonight ! On the Sectors Number One rated Drama ! } { Ashley and Channer face their greatest challenge } { When a Rogue Officer accuses Channer of a crime he didnt commit } { andAshleyisleftholding the key toan untold secret } { ina worldwhere everythingyou knowiswrong } { the only personyoucan turn to is } Liles , wouldyou get thatplease ? But lm watchingit ! Its some president , sir No , THE president Turn that crap offand putit on ! OhArntzen , I thought ld catchyou during commercial lm sorry tointerruptyour show Thats quite alrightsir Howare things at the capitol ? Fine , fine And the wife ? Were notgoing toleta little cluster bomb ruin our week Shes quite a trooper , sir Trooper ? Shesa god damn ROCK Sir , anyword on the reinforcements I requested , yet ? Why , indeed , Mister Arntzen I have a gentleman here whose assistance I think youll trulybenefit from Whats more , hes the genuine item Meaning ? Apparentlyhis familyhasbeen cultivatingit for centuries , sohes a shoo-in for the Ranger Unit Except , sir , thatPlanetfall is shieldedagainst all meansof detection Psychic especially Well , hell be ofuse touse in otherways Well DONT sayYoure always back there breathing downmyneck Well take him , sir - -alright Channer , we gotyou its impossible , I did not commit that crime , man Andyou shutyour blackhole ! Sir , lll be running up toMiners Twist tonight to followup on one of our leads Fine Justmake sure that- - What the - -you cant call thisnumber ! This phone doesntring Make itstop ! Hello ? Mister President ? How didyougetthis frequency ? Its issuedto all elite militaryunits You just enter your unitcode You dontrecognize me , doyou ? Lieutenant Thosworth , Psion , Red Unit My commandingofficer , LieutenantJerik , has a message for you You thoughtyou could justshut downthe program , didntyou ? All thatwork up in smoke like the rest ofyour god damn plan I gotyour lostshipment , andyou knowwhatlm gonna dowith it ? We hold power beyondyour punyimagining , Were coming , toclaim the planet , to take itback from its Whats thatword ? Dontyouthreaten me you little shit Lets settle this man toman , or man to whatever you are - - In the future sir , I think itmaybe wise for us tobe a bitmore diplomatic with them , especiallyif theyhave the Planetfall Do you think I shouldcall them back ? Probablynot bastard you leave her theres only one way for you paid - - l paid already you keep youroffher iii kill you Cumberland noits notsafe wrong ... wrong ... Gina dontThe bridge getyour handsoffher Didyou hear about the new 216 ? Yeah , theyre really supposedto be something HeywhataboutPlanetfall ? Did they ever findit ? Theynever tell us anything Last I heard , Stantonwas running out of qualified mento hunt the thing down Wouldntsurprise me if theynever found it Thatwouldbe nice Evening , boys Oh , sorry , maam So , whats all this loose talk aboutPlanetfall ? Well , some of Carsons mensaidthat they came across the crash site , but- - Hold it ! Its HER Were notallowed toshare informationwithyou maam lm sorrybut everyones beengiven these orders Youll getnowhere with thatline ofquestioning Come onAnugget One soldier toanother Butyoure nota soldier anymore , Maam Thenyou dontneed tocall me maam anymore , either What doesshe know ? Enough tobe heading inthe right direction , atleast Right ! Getin lll drive Thatworks , too What didthis ? People On the drug All thisthe result ofyour psychic war ? I can see whyPresident Stantonwantedthe shitrounded up We shouldntbe outhere BY DECREE OF LlEUTENANTJERlK OF THE psion RED unit - - this AREA is OFF limits TO GROUND traffic Fuck ! Fuck ! Its JerikJerik ls thatbad ? ltsure as shitisnt good TURN BACKNOWORFACE THE combined TELEPATHlCWRATH OF THE psion might ! Excuse me I gotta take a quickPeeksie outhere Excuse me ? Carson Fletcher , here Ministry of Defense Royal ColonialArmy Advisor toPresident Stanton l have something ld like tonegotiate withyou if atall possible What the hell ishe doing ? Getting on mybadside As for now , my dear Give them a countdown YOU HAVE TEN SECONDS TO COMPLYTEN I knewyou couldntgetenough ofme Letsgo ! lm reallyvery angryrightnowGetin NOW ! Arentyou gonna - - Take the wheel ! Wake up , sunshine You gotsome stuffRight there ls it off ? Yes , thats much better Thanks You knowwhat , Antigone ? Youre pretty good atyour job Maybe youre due for a promotion Nice Just for once ld like to getpaid todo the good thing The good thingsnever payright Theres more moneyin fucking people over Sorry , did thathurt ? You knowwho I mean Those other guys , right ? Sometimes I thinkwell never get paid todoright lnthose situations , itsnever aboutthe money Well I guess thatrulesyouout , then Prove me wrong , baby Prove me wrong Commander SterlingMister Fletcher tells me youwere having some trouble withyour Machinata Fletchersdead Butwhat - - lt doesntmatterThe missionis back on track Nowifyour Machinata cant cutit , then cuther loose lm not goingto do that She cantbe trusted Justkill her and getback to work , now , thats an order lwont Well , Iwill justfind her and kill her myself Tryit You know , youre nobody , Sterling You donthave a code , andyoudont care whathappens toanybodybutyourself I know So howmuch is it going to take for you tokill her ? Theres fifty-thousand uphere withyour name on it Justdo it , SterlingAnd dontpush me Consider yourself crossed , bitch ! What ? I think I have a psychic hangover Whats thatlike , then ? I can tell whatyoure thinking Well ljustpaid our billAnd thanks toyour healthyintake of the dream water , were almostbroke again ltwas thatmuch ? Man , organized religion is expensive Hey , waita minute I paid ! You should have seen this guy , he was loppingitup like a pig Hey ! YouWheres mymoney ? Whatmoney ? You know damnwell whatmoney , chubs ! I didnt take your money I specificallyremember handing mymoney to YOU Ahh ltwas probably avision ofyou giving me money ln the FUTURE GreatThe more you see ofthe future , the more you forgetthe past its the presentlm having problemswith Millions of dead and billions indamage You can blame itall on the Psi Revolution Hundreds of thousands of average citizenslike yourself were willing tosacrifice itall - - to taste the power of thisillicitpsychic drug , Psylenol Now , Psylenol hasbeenwiped from our streetsand homes you can feel safe and secure once more , that there is nowa drug-free Zita Things are better than ever , in Zita ! lm looking for Section Commander Arntzen What doyouwant ? lm histransfer from Beta Unit Yeah , yeah , the guy The psychic guy ! lfyoure so psychic , why didntyou alreadyknow where Section Commander Arntzenwas ? Heyl got one for you : howmanyfingers am I holdingup ? One Stop it ! NOW ! You Cumberland ? FineWe move outing ten Dang Nohardfeelings , huh ? lve decided tograntyouyourwish , your onyour own again As much as I think we needthe money , its more important tome thatyoure safe , Justin case , I leftyousome things you can trade for information Food , drugs , things the locals need More than monetarybribesanyway Wise move pickingthis stuffup before you get toomuch further into the Zone Whats the big idea about thisZone anyway ? Well , some electrical interference as you get closer to Montenegro is a given Mainthing toworryaboutthough is the shippinglanes ltsa no-flyzoneTheyve all been diverted to the south Seems ships have been going down in the Zone mysteriously Hey ! Does your daddyknowyoure - - The nextpersonwhosaysthat Whoisyour daddy ? hit it ! Everyone in myunitholds his own ! Yeah ? Hold this ! Youwant tokeep thatlittle gun ofyours ? Enough ! Those are anti-vehicular grenades Theyare not tobe usedagainstpersonnel , andtheyare definitelynotto be used when mymen are in the blastzone ! Wed better get outofhereGet out of this hostile territory Maybe ifwe didntshootthe locals theywouldntbe so hostile MOVE OUT ! Canyou help us , please ? Isthere any positive news from the capitol ? Theyhaventbroughtsuppliesin some time Theyusedto come every third daybut they stoppedcoming All theydo iscome throughwith regular army and take what theywant As if they didnthave enough ! What doyouthink we are , off-worlder ? Do you thinkwere like THEM ? I didnt- - This ! Thisis the reasonwere in this state in the firstplace lm sorry We really doappreciate the food lm looking for something Maybe you can help me Are you crazy ? Whatare youtrying todo to us ? THEYRE coming ! Hide lftheyfind out thatweve been talking toyou - - WHO ? The psionsRun ! WellWell weliweli I hear the lawhas been throughyour lovelylittle town I trustyou didntshare anythingwith them thatwould compromise our mission We wouldntwantyouto share anything butyour hospitality Awhole Heaping Helping Would anyone else care toshare their lnnermostWith the group ? I didntthink so ComeWe mustntkeepour bretherenwaiting So I got thisidea howwe could make some more money . There are these stations , with renegade doctors Thathelp villagersand stuff Whatsthe name ofthat organization ? AnywayWe could sell some blood ! Thatstuffsworth a helluva lotnow Andthen , we could kidnap some people , and make them donate too ! Hey , Ugly ! Hey ! lM expensive ! Gotus awanted man , soldier GortonHex , wantedfor armed robbery of citizens , state banks , and post offices Theft ofsacred objects , sellingstolen goods , receivingstolen goods Playingwith marked cards andloadeddice lve got the value here , itsthe old one I realize , butifyoull justrun off and getyour commanding officer , lm sure he can fix that Talkative bunch Why didyouhitme sohard ? QuietTheyre coming back Oh shit ! Arrest them ! lm callingyour dad , you know Who the hell is your dad ? Give me the president President ? Arntzen 3-4-8-2-6 Arntzen , whats the status on Planetfall ? Wendy ? What didyougetyourselfinto this time ? Hey , I thoughtyou saidyour name was Gina ! Fraud , conspiringwith a knowncriminal I believe it Damn it girl ! lfyoure not introuble you findyourwayinto it ! Dad , I I assume the regular measures dontapply , sir ? No , justdontlether go Keep her under your guard until I can send a shuttle to pickher up - - Sir , thatarea isa no-flyzone I guesswell justhave torisk it , wontwe ? Now getback towork , Arnie Your ordersstill stand , we need thatshipment Whatis itnow ? I dontknowwhat tobelieve Howmuchofwhatyoure telling me is the truth ? ltwasnecessary- - l had to stay under cover to finish thisjob Andwhenwere you going to tell me what thats really about ? This bountyhunter scam ofyourshas got nothing todowith it , does it ? We need togetto thatshipment before the army does ls thatwhatthis isall about ? I cantbelieve it I take all the risks andyou reap all the profits Thatisnothowitis Well thenwhatis it ? Be quietandwalk I dontknowwhat thissurcharge is - - so lm notpayingfor it its thatsimple ! Look , youasked us todeliver it , we deliver it- - deliveriescostMONEY Ergo , you PAY How does the deliverycharge come to more thanthe product ? Tell me that ! Its the standardhourlyrate thatyou agreed towhenyou signedthe order form ldidnt ! The order said nothing aboutyou delivering the piece on foot ! The shipswere down , itstheVolcanoZone What doyouwant ? ! lwantedyou todeliver itby some way other than Zitancamels I mean , you dontcharge hourlyrates for things thattake THREEWEEKS KRSHHH - Youre - - breaking up ! KRSSHHHH ! lcanteven- - Ah , myfriends Perfect timing Myguys are boxing upyour shipmentaswe speak Mister TheedThe Psylenol you supplied uswith lastweek was Howdidyouputit ? Substandard Substandard ? Come here The thing is , youandyour cohortsmayhave developed a certain kind oftolerance level to the drug , which iseasy to fix ! All you gotta do is BUYMORE And take MASSlVEAMOUNTS to GETYOU THERE I see lm tellinyouman Perhapsyou could help me out withanother puzzle Couldyou shed some light on this ? Thatis a millitarycontainer Really ? You see , we have one Andwed like togetinside it The dimensionsare veryunique I betitscustom Which means youre goingto need the codesto open it Whichwould be practicallyimpossible ifyou donthave them Care to betyour life on that ? You knowwhat ? If I see it I probably gotsomethinghere - - justbreak it open ljust gotta SEE it I meanyougot this little thing , hereYouknow I cant give you a good judgement offthe little thing lm soglad tohear you say that You see , weve exhausted all the usual techniques And some of the lessusual aswell You knowwhat ? Bring itby tomorrow ! Youknowwhat , man ? I gotsome newmedical stasis chambers , and theyre - - Mister Theed , in a few days , well be the ones selling Notbuying intense psions , whatis itwith these people ? Look I planned to tell you about the shipment assoon as I thoughtitwas safe And its still notsafe ls itmoney ? No Butitsworth a lot ofmoney Okay then itis crucial thatwe stick to the original plan I cantimpress uponyou howimportantitis thatwe getto it first Butthis ismore than justa big score , right ? YesLook , youre the only one I cantrust Will you help me ? ltmeansthatmuch toyou ? Look : you tookme inwhen I had nothing You saved mylife You know Iwill Howmuch farther ? Commander , canwe stop at the nextrestarea ? I forgot to gobefore we left Sir , were losing daylight Lets go Looks Dicey OkayThe wayl see it : Our first optionis tocontinue downthe bridge , the second is tocircuit the chasm to the East and find anotherway around I saw this What ? In myvision , at the Snooze Bar I saw this bridge SomethingBad here Section Commander ? Whatisit ? We have reason tobelieve the bridge isbad , sir Bad ? Whatkindofbad ? I sawitin avision Avision Thatsfine , but the Easterndirectiontakes us deeper into theVZ and possible danger Like what ? Thisiswhere your unitwas killed by the Psions , isntit ? Uh , sorryto interrupt , butno way I gota goodlook at thatbridge I think ldlike to take my chanceswith something more predictable , like burning hotlava , sir Verywell Proceed Shall we continue east , sir ? No Darks coming Well setup camp here Waitfor firstlight Itwas Cumberland What ? I think he dropped those stones onthat firstsoldier And didyounotice his performance earlier ? Seem a little DlSTANTto you ? He was concentrating on thatbridge - - thatwasHlS illusion Hesone ofthese Psions Are you sure ? Theres notmuchwe can do withoutweapons Yeah , thats the other problem Section Commander ? Howlong have you knownCumberland ? He just gotassigned Some ofus think he maybe working for the other side impossible His unitwaswipedoutbythese Psions Isthere anythingwe cando ? Youtwo arent doinganything Were gettingyou out ofhere by shuttle tomorrowmorning The legendarycrate itis And ifyou dontwant tobe the legendaryLATE Syrus Theed I suggestyouopen it This is precision stuff Very customAndverylocked its even gota psycho-protective layer over it that- - preventsthose special ability people from unlockingit Youve triedeverything , right ? Everything Whatabout- - turbo lasers ? Everything Conventional explosives everything I reallyhate tobe the bearer ofbadnews Oh , we can take it Thisthing iscompletely custom Youre gonna need the correctREMOTE , and thenyoure gonna need the correct CODES , And ifyou donthave those this aint openingAnd And lm guessingyou donthaveAny Of those Right ? Thatswhat I figured Whatawaste Of time ! NOWGETME THOSE CODES ! Sir lfyoure calling in coordinates , mayl suggest a clearing a fewminutes inthat direction ? Youve seen one ? Yes sirGoodvisibility , clear spot for the shuttle to set down Arntzen 3-4-8-2-6 , requesting two to pickup at coordinates sending now Our time hascome Tear thatship from the air ! See iftheresanythingwe canuse , darling Better see if anyone made itLieutenant ? Andleave youalone with the prisoners ? I think I should take atleastone ofthem with me incase they try tojump you Well one things for sure , youre not putting the Presidents daughter in danger You take the uglyone lm notgoingwith himAtleastuntie me so I can hold my own Dontworry lve gotyoucovered Getonwithit Move out , Hex You havent fooled everybody , you know You killed them , andnowyoure going tokill ME Thisones yours , isntit ? What ? Youre going to kill me with my owngun ? You really cansee the future , cantyou ? Youought to try developing thatamazing psychic power ofyours Might end up like me some day Now , waitjusta minute Shootinga prisonerwhen hes trying toescape isa lot easier toexplain than- - twistinghis head till his necksnaps or crushing hislungs till he suffocates Requestingback-upshuttle topreviouscoordinates , plusmedical team for immediate evac - - Commander , whata surprise Traitorousbastard ! lm nottalking to you lm talkingto Commander Wendy Stanton Commander of the Psion Red Unit MyunitThisunit SoWasthis part ofyour vision , too ? YesTheresonlyone thing missing What ? That Impressive throwThanks Stocking up ? Say , youwouldntmind using thatknife on mybindings , wouldyou ? Those are Correlian cuffsYouneed a key togetthem off Maybe hes got em NamesGortyHexThief Lux Bountyhunter Look , lm alreadyunder arrest , sodontbother its all right lm after a shipping crate the Psions have Those guyshave the crate ? Thatswortha lot ofmoney , you know ltismoney No , itisntWendy said thatitwasworth a lot ofmoney , but thatitWASNTmoney Wouldntsaywhat Psylenol We missedyou You leftwhenwe were on the verycuspof our success Yougave up You couldnt cutitwith the real warriors Youcouldnthandle the powerYou blewit The onlyreasonyouwere involved isbecause ofyour father , you are nothing , you have always beennothing You took it down a completelywrong path , itwasntsupposed tobe aboutpersonal gain Here isthe real power You sold outyour unit Look where they are now Myunit , Commander Stanton , is operational We are about toembark on a mission thatwill shiftthe balance ofpower in thishalfof the galaxy forever Are youthe man the President entrustswith the key ? And the key code , if youplease ? Youll have to read mymind , because lm not going togive itto you Get the girl outofhere now , lmusthave wordswith the Section Commander Yes sir Give me the codes Now The firstnumber ? S-Scum ! Number ! Seven Again ? Thosworth You remember me I sure remember you And lve never knownyou tobe a cheater Cheater ? Yeah , a cheater You remember that time LtJerik bet I could beatyouin a fight , but onlyifyou hadone hand tied behindyour back ? Butyou decidedto make it fair You bound both handsRemember ? I stillwon You beatme then , you can beatme now Without the drug Sohowabouta fair fight ? YouMe Here NowAndno psy-powers No ! Nowlisten , these guys are verydangerous - -- HEYYOU ! GETYOURHANDS OFF HERYOU SON OFABlTCH ! Hey ! Heyyou ! lm talkingto you over there ! YouwantME , not them ! Hey , you ! lm talking to you ! Come here you big guy , youwantME ! Come on , lm talking toyou over there ! Whatare you laughing at Ugly ? Theresonlyone wayfor this toend ! Come here you - -BASTARD ! No Come onTheres still one left Do you knowwhatyouve done ? The drug in that container isenough tomake one man as powerful asan army Butwe are more than just one man Ohyes Youve givenus the power toannihilate our enemies , andwe will First , well reclaim the capitol , then the planet , and then whatever lwant Thank you my good man Whoare they ? The dead Psions Whatwere they goingto dowith the remaining stores of the drug ? Withthe healing properties of the drug , itmighthave been enoughtto reanimate them Bring them back from the dead for one lastmission lwasa member ofthis unit until theystartedtaking the drug When one of them leaked it to a pharmaceutical company for money , thatswhen the whole place went to hell Psyenol went onsale before anyone counddetermine the extentofitspsychic side effects The entire populationwas given the power to destroy each other all at once - - and all the pentup anger of a moderncivilizationwasunleashed in the first few days ofthe PsyRevolution We tried tostop it , but all we could dowascollect the remaining storesof the drug Andyouve succeeded Thatswhatsin the crate All the Psylenol confiscated on Zita Andjusthowmuch is that , Miss Stanton ? Two tons ltsworth a lotofmoneyto a lot ofinterested parties You knowwhatyou and I coulddo withthis I have a prettygoodidea No more Machinata problems No problems atall Excepther Shes the daughter ofthe planetarypresident Shes come tocollect the shipment for Daddy lve come todestroyit I thought Daddysgoingto ship it off , make a second attemptatit He is im not going to lethim Achance torightyour fatherswrongs ? Antigone ? lm notworking for Corona anymore Whatshe wanted , lwasntable to provide lve come tohelp you Lets grab thiscrate , take whats left of the money , and get offthis rock You still dont getit , do you ? Youve seenwhat the drugdid to this planet Whatkind ofmoneywould be worthseeingithappen again- - ona differentplanetina differentsystem ? Youhave noidea Youlosta lot ofmoney today Well , lookslike you hadyour chance to do the good thing to the tune ofeighthundred and fifty trillion Waita minute Didntyou say there was a lotmore money in fucking people over ? I think we qualify for thattoo General Corona is looking for us andshe wants to kill you Well , wed better getmoving then We im beginning to like the sound of thislittle arrangement Just get the ship lll see ifshe wants tomake ita threesome its a chance to right the wrongs ofmypast Good
