 Are there any fat people around you ? Fever of people go to church Are there any people who developed it ? To the middle to Not to I returned to the side of households Do not take while households Never mind Not have to worry about Go While households Eiko do not know how bad Marriage as a soil The chicken products were taken away The man who is in town to the direction Hurry up and do not let go of his If a town on the finished I do not chicken feed the monkey business First CT examination and then to go to ICU Is the Dr. Sun Yat-sen can hear you Do not panic , please do not eat those food Is thank you Please take care You may also like Step on the steps outside in the fall Encountered on the road seemed to head Can not stop bleeding At the scene of the accident is also a large number of blood The accident , how long ? Is not by chance after a person People living in the vicinity of the findings reported About 30 minutes ago Other traumatic it ? In addition to the head outside the Seems to me that if no trauma Very good 1 23 Understand it Itanium doctor help Where We need most now is a surgeon Call brain surgery Matsuoka doctor Patients with fever to ask you Yes Hello Matsuoka And their families this evening dinner appointment with the I would ask you Only what I have Emergency ambulance 40-year-old male brain trauma There has been confirmed Itanium doctor Invited to an emergency care center Ask the 1 0 , 456 doctors blood pressure Red blood cell concentration of 80 % 02 masks the beginning of 8 liters Yes CT detection ready Yes Good start Some slight fever ah Very much like the findings of influenza Yes Add to cotton in the nose Is enough This ah ? To Fair After graduating from there will be no out together Well Right Some cold What are you worried about To a different high school because Not only do not want to see Ah Hey ah ? When to go Fool In Tokyo , the city of Izumi farm field Chicken infected with bird flu caused by Virus detection is positive Kamikura Virus detection is positive To call home Tokyo , today announced the results Chickens died up to now Has identified more than 7 , 000 Izumi Nakano Tokyo City In keeping Kamikura chicken farm Are a large number of deaths Farm operators reported In Tokyo , a simple review Test did not identify the cause of death Even if the chicken is still alive Chicken flu is also showing a positive reaction Finally settled down to a Tired ah Is the Asshole Emergency situations Immediately transferred to the emergency ward Doctors to inform the Itanium Found a new type of influenza seems suspicious Doctor of Saito respirator Branch Too narrow bed Not out of hand Push up equipment Yes I was diagnosed in patients with Yesterday negative detection of epidemics Today 's testing is negative What ? Detection of the ordinary there is no reference value You can also check the side to help My husband seems to have been infected with the What ? Ask you The number of degrees 8 degrees 8 This is where the know Dr GOT 1 520 GPT828 Total bilirubin 2 . 4 Prepared to wait for the next amino acid feeding Yes Calm It does not matter now Bilirubin reached an alarming degree of Fever pneumonia Blood nose Urinating blood diarrhea Suspicious that the systemic infection incomplete in many organs All in compliance with the new type of flu symptoms But In a recent farm Are observed in the chicken flu No relationship As far as possible to conduct a thorough disinfection of all Yes Make sure not on the 1 st two intermittent Yes Day two Water you use the Contact with all staff taking Tamiflu Good Yes In order to prevent nosocomial infection This exclusion zone is set to Okay If it is found that the situation of fever Immediately report Yes Okay Flow is still very good Flow over If patients are moved out of icu , then to Immediately transferred to the other side Hello stretcher Yes Please show you Show His wife insisted to live It does not matter the Show It does not matter will the doctor is to help his Hey there eyes Help them do it I am a medical intern Komori We need to take Tamiflu There are gloves , masks Mr. Gao Shan You want to be infected Yes Please look for me a Hurry up and interns Go now Better prepared to move 1 2 Hey What are you doing Sorry to prepare 1 23 I pray you to help Do not show Never mind you keep a cool head Manabe , please wait for the next doctor Dr Manabe Here Yes Matsuoka had 30 minutes of Enough Has come to an end Why 3 : 28 Show How to show the situation of the I am sorry Sorry to have passed away You lied to me Lied to me in Quiet , then can the treatment of Hey , as doctors have said Only because of cold 2-3 days , then if the quiet can be treated Hey this is the case that it Why is this show going to die ? I explained to the This is murder Show I would like to get off I would like to get off Not Hospital has been infected Isolation rooms in the fall of the Immediately to deal with isolation - ls Doctor ? Itanium doctor Itanium doctor Doctor Nosocomial infections have been suspicious , please immediately contact Yes Itanium doctor On the other side to ask you It does not matter now Support request It was in this stretcher - ls This is an emergency room to deal with the fall of President Itanium Support request The village last year , the Philippines , 32 Because of the death of the chicken flu And because the mass in the crowd Webcast mutation caused infection WHO at this time Have successfully blocked If in Japan , has given rise to the same Condition , then it is too bad 25 million people infected The death of 640 , 000 people are expected to Anyway Izumi Nakano to blockade the city you Not The need for early preventive measures Taking into account the possibility of a national panic Do you really have no other response Because it is triggered by bird flu The need for adequate preparation 30 million copies need to be prepared But The variation of influenza has begun Has become a new type of influenza Unclear whether the effective Drug development from research to completion Because it is a new type of symptoms is likely to take six months In that case With Tamiflu as the representative of the anti - lnfluenza is the only option Pharmacy Yes Yes Aoba , Miyagi Prefecture in the general hospital Also found that the report of new cases of influenza And County Health Division Office contact Infection prevention studies have not you Not good Furukawa this publication can not be delayed Patients carrying the virus is invisible Can not be released even if he wanted to express Also the end of the first month of rest So as to expand the infection Give me a little time The farm field in the city of Izumi Ah Suspect , was not a new type of influenza Suspect , was not a new type of influenza Father to go check today However , in patients with recurrent infection You 'd better not go to school Never mind Be more careful I have taken The responsibility of your responsibility Being careful to kill I am sorry I am sorry Because you are raising chickens Path of infection Now not able to investigate Ferocious new influenza Infection may be related to Please note To the Come to the Sorry I am sorry it is in charge of farm people ? On the question of how you intend to deal with What is intended to Please talk about Mr. Tian Cun Hurry up and come Yes Do you want to get very dangerous Please note the need to drive the Dangerous Hello Source of the source The classroom is Ah Kamikura Open Has not yet been determined It is my home because of the chicken Has not yet been determined Please take your time to enter Patients with fever Please return to the new emergency center Because hospital patients may be infected Is there for inspection Matsuoka doctor - ls Symptoms of infection may Are a high fever caused by pneumonia 7 1 patients are now admitted Are undergoing testing Yes Will be given five minutes after the testing report Mr. Tian to the marsh to prepare to do a good job of blood transfusion Matsuoka - ls Sorry at this time Never mind Families may not be able to participate in the banquet Daughter and her God will bless their It does not matter now Ah Eiko Matsuoka Long time no see WHO World health authorities Small Dr Kobayashi Harris Hospital in the United Kingdom clinical research have been At the same time in the hospital After that belongs in the WHO Infectious diseases such as Ebola SARS countries The scene in the dissemination of experience Last year in the Philippines To enter the closed area of the new influenza Also very successful Research in infection prevention Study the situation of the response is With doctors and Kobayashi Can ... Dr Kobayashi How to organize the work of specific Here can easily be infected with In order to curb the expansion of infection In order to staff a full-house Into isolation hospital Requests , etc . If so , then how do patients in general The hospital Is only a general hospital People here rely on Can not be isolated from patients in general Now in the country in the spread of infection Found that patients with the first hospital in the surrounding The infection was found in many Is the reason hospitals do Because of infection in patients with This mode of transmission of H5N 1 The investigation is still The results of the survey is not too late Now in the hospital in the spread of the virus What is it in the end In any case the first Patients in this hospital there is In the management of Health , Labor and Welfare under the resettlement The future it Prevention of infection is also receiving treatment staff However , the initial contacts and in patients with a doctor who I Recently , the experience of overseas travel to you Where is infected you really do not remember To have come into contact with overseas Blood of people travel Check back Yes Overseas travel experiences you ? Infection in patients at home you ? Your husband or your Where infected remember ? For example , two recent overseas trip to This very important She now can not answer Continue not to answer Her husband recently passed away , Missed opportunity Matsuoka did not change Too good a doctor as a Is changed Eiko WHO World health authorities who Is what you want Yes Because you are against me to the United Kingdom I said that doctors do not necessarily Must go to foreign But can learn how to draft The names of more people to save So now here I do not feel sensible Doctors do not want to do In other words , the The discovery of this important issue has become The future will be in the hospital suffering from From a thorough investigation of the vaccine Room as part of hospital isolation ward Why is WHO In order to prevent nosocomial infection and the contaminated area Contaminated areas and non-contaminated areas must be strictly differentiated The future , I need the assistance of Dr Kobayashi What is not accustomed to the local Do not understand , please speak out of place If so I want to help the doctor help me Matsuoka What ? Matsuoka doctors when medical students And I at the same university I want him to do my assistant I am not satisfied on what you I do not like being watched I am in no way way to do things I What a good guy this guy is You 'd better watch her actions Because she is named to you as the are close relatives of patients with infection Kobayashi doctor ? To do a good job in the prevention of secondary infection measures Starting to organize the scope of action for the latter Contact with people awakened to athorough follow-up survey Yes Itanium 's blood pressure dropped to 60 Sorry Increasing pressure the two units Yes I came to the diagnosis and treatment To help Ask the Yes FFP5 full-dose units of blood transfusion Biochemical thrombosis is the solidification Fixed lower limb Yes Ando to find doctors ? Yes Here Here Dad Hemostat ready Yes Dr VF DC Yes For you Ready to shock - ls Electric shock To leave Ah Matsuoka doctor There are heart rate Oxygen devices Yes Electric shock Not to resume Cardiotonic I oxygen iv Yes Used as a cardiotonic Is prepared to use Once again , DC To leave Yes Dr Ando Ando doctors could hear it ? Good terrorist Incredible Every time to see dead people It is their Good terrorist In say You see his wife and daughter Dear Ah Brain hemorrhage Preparation of oxygen Ando doctors insist on living Heart stopped Dad Doctor Dad Dad Excellent first-aid doctors We also have great expectations If I received the initial Thorough examination of patients with so Doctors may not be the death of Ando Even in such severe Form may also be alive If you want to check if Make sure to register Do not crowded Because there is no treatment that can Kinds of new influenza drug Draw your attention to the prevention of If you want to accept the check , then be sure to register Do not crowded Have been waiting for three hours over the last inspection Enough This is why you go back In front of me can stay Why do we not Sorry Given priority to live in critically ill patients Patients can walk in Their own homes to recuperate Able to walk is not yet serious I can not understand For you Listen to heart , there is no change of more serious Go home to rest to get drugs Ok In their rest Yes Matsuoka doctors shift the Know Please wait a medicine is Ok I am so sorry Hospital patients who died watching it Sorry Composition of influenza is not clear There is no solution please carefully to prevent Nothing you do nothing Inpatient hospitalization Beg you to have a patient here Ah man There is no solution Yes With antibiotics Sorry How the Do not use antibiotics Suzuki Sorry Please note to check the spread of infection prevention Yes Dr Kobayashi Why is influenza , what are people who do not know This will make the rest in their patients increased Admission is by no means the whole trip If so , then The hospital will be overloaded Regardless of how the treatment will not work So why the use of antibiotics Please give all patients the use of Patients should be introduced in order of priority Will turn into the issue of If full , then the use of inadequate drugs And even drug delivery drivers will be infected Doctors have been infected with the social Priority to maintain staff And you still can not see the very important issue What happened You do not understand Let 's face it Head nurse Even if the disease is the deterioration of antibiotics Antibiotics is not valid Because of different body As reported to the other side of things Yes Please open the door Please stop I am a small WHO world health authorities Please wait to detect the body temperature Ok Can For example , such protection is perfect For example , wild birds from the outside will be transported into the Not so considered Mr. Kamikura You really did not bring anything Today The classification of avian influenza to all I will make reference to the words doctors Renzhi Got straight to the point of have a question Doctors are now infected with the proliferation of You thought of a new type of influenza and the You thought of the relationship between you And here the most contact with the chicken God should be the position of President Not infected But doctors Kobayashi did not I do not Just come here to survey here Why did the chicken infected Sorry Ah ? This incident to the hospital a lot of trouble Tim I am sorry , please forgive I am so sorry Please please up up Who Where Sorry Hey there What happened ? Unidentified staff appear to see Who out There seems to be squatting It is not a terrorist attack bacteria Terrorist attacks ? Clues that have not yet thought ah Bad Matsuoka Matsuoka Contact Guard troops Who are you Matsuoka just Municipal Hospital doctors Did not investigate the reasons for it ? No Shocking Have been very well-known How kind of infection ? How to actually What ? That infectious diseases Really is a new type of flu it ? How did you know ? I do , then researchers unknown One would not believe it Even if he wanted to study also can not interfere So enough to do their own completed Influenza is caused by So that everyone will get jealous of the first Found Doctors with the detection of body If confirmed , please contact me immediately Let him go On the infectious disease I would also like a lot of What ? The initial contact with is I have Nurses have not been infected It is evident that the infection started in the hospitals Patients came in the second time Itanium is a doctor at that time infected Yes Infection is the second day of attacks began in the When infection is not However , influenza is usually From the onset of infection before the body should be ruled out in vitro ? How the ? The infectious disease May not be a new type of influenza Will be able to think about a little come to the conclusion Not kidding And students in the same period of no growth Have been concerned about Ebola look like the same Death rate of bleeding in more than 60 % Higher than expected number of And triggered a variation Very difficult for the treatment of new influenza Know will be conveyed to the Institute Please do not close The risk of being infected with It does not matter right ? Why not go to the hospital Open I Doctors in patients with respiratory infection How kind of situation ? Body temperature of 38 . 5 blood pressure 90 50 Concentrations of interleukin 95 % Injection response ? Is decreasing Family members ? Where is the doctor of the patients Please wait for the next What ? This ... Where the patient to the doctor is good ? We are not only the Full-time staff person has been how to Will be completed tomorrow Shortage of ah If not there , then the election here In that case do not Has been so The hospital can only be destroyed Therefore , the selection here now Full-time staff person how she would like to do ? Do not know Hello Do you remember why you are Mody and her with you This is the face of the battlefield Dr. Gao Shan also ask you to look at the And the eight-hour time difference between Geneva Now is the time is it ? Yes of course It does not matter even in the absence of mother Good bye In listening to ? Bad habits Married ? And the child in conversation First meeting In refugee camps in Croatia Almost all of them require treatment Very harsh environment Even in that environment He was always passionate To the people he had come into contact with health Brought me the courage to participate in health activities His heart is very fragile side of life Just think of the child to help others Deterioration in the war Brought back Can not be left thousands of people There is only one person to help them He should not say that the Just talk on the phone Japan really want to be the demise of the Eiko where anything can not be What also can not answer Really I can not do anything What do Not very remarkable that a good Then , there would have to tell him the answer You do not care about that kind of thing Such an important moment Doctor if the cold would be laughed at Go There is only one request Please try to believe that the hospital doctors and nurses We all want to save everyone 's life If you are leading , then We are also willing to believe you Suzuki Treatment of communicable diseases will now proceed to a full-time staff The selection of candidates There are those who wish to participate in Please raise your hands Full-time staff person to take the form of Self We all know has been a For the job There is not only a physical burden of mental If you want to become a full-time staff , then Only has the rest here For people with families is a very big burden In any case , All the risk of infection But we do not assist each other Will not be able to save the lives of patients I hope that we can assist you and I 23 nurses doctors 54 Please take care of everyone Please take care of Section chief Furukawa Yes Prepare a new type of influenza took place in the program guide Decided to convene a cabinet meeting to look for a solution 72-hour blockade of the region to achieve All occurred in the same region the implementation of influenza Yes It is a critical moment Is a national embarrassment when We must set a good example Yes The other side of the regional implementation of the monitoring system From the beginning this morning does not allow any person access Found in patients with influenza immediately contact areas Also to avoid non-emergency meeting Even in the home should also be notified to go out to Yes Yes Well it is to study Good great No one to Fair The first time I encountered Where now ? Sorry can not go there What ? Why ? Niigata 's grandmother home to asylum Natsuki quickly Because home Home Study what happens in the end the Sorry can not go to the Quickly Emergency Declaration Out the prohibition of non-urgent tasks The risk of being infected with the prohibition of the people to go out Let us all return to their home Without permission can not be out of the region A necessity of life for future food supply will come Please be assured to go home and wait Can not be changed completely in the end how to do Are you going to do ? Together with you Are you waiting to die here Rest of the company his father Kindergarten is also a break dance And dad are very happy together So are the efforts of her mother Hey hurry up and do it Do not push in order Not crowded The risk of a dangerous good It does not matter Do not be afraid View Letter to the mother 's written in Magic Ah Wonderful has begun to slowly restored Emergency rescue I want to hear your experiences before In this month Have to travel overseas experience it ? No Have and contact with foreign people to come back before ? I would like to leave a will Doctor I am sorry that the words are too much No People like me a lot of it ? Is like the doctor said Manabe There are many discharged Not to say that The loss of people who hit the most important Dad Dad Dad Dad Dad Unfortunately late Prevention of infectious diseases department of the telephone The infectious disease Is not a new type of influenza Prevention of infectious diseases research Management center to prevent the United States WHO A wide range of research reports Conclusions from the joint research Now the occurrence of infectious diseases in Japan Is not a new type of influenza Detailed examination of the results of influenza Found that there was no come to the conclusion that The infection then what is the source of infection Investigation is still continuing It has been clear that Droplet infection is transmitted In other words , like SARS and Can be transmitted through the air Is totally unknown source of infection it ? Source of infection has not been determined Unknown source of infection it Under the current conditions of known Transmitted to the conclusions drawn During premature However , in the city of Izumi wild bird flu And this time it has nothing to do with infectious diseases ? Yes Yes Yes Have not found any relationship between the Murder We all murder Doctor doctors okay Renzhi It does not matter does not matter Tamura Yes To ask you that girl Yes Doctor This is why in the end How could this be Sorry Sorry We are now done Do not mean Infectious diseases , if not We do not change You know what ? What did you say shut up That point no matter what you Keep a cool head and Komori So how does do a good job Up to now there is this unknown virus do ? Do not joke Who this is your guy You for giving me cool points Ah I am disgusted with the I would like to go home Ah ... ah The devil to attack the virus in Japan There will be continued in Japan with the deceased Why the devil virus to choose Japan ? Flu virus in Japan are There are more than 800 , 000 people The deceased had more than 420 , 000 Government policy on the success of the blockade Mystery of infection to spread The most primitive The most fundamental First-class The roots The most primitive The most fundamental criticisms of the gods The meaning of a punishment Why does only Japan have to suffer these God 's great power of censure it So yesterday , the U. S. Center for Disease Prevention and Management Japan 's new virus Next to the victims of the expected Estimated that there were so many of Japan 's population will be infected with the 80 % Is it too much to consider What does she hide ? Quietly disappeared from the hospital It 's horrible Infected persons is a crime to conceal There are police officers in self-defense there are many people infected Bandit is also a lot of burglary Dangerous to get out of the way Identified as infected Waiting , etc . Up Get out of the way Do you have relations with you Quick escape Run Etc . Get out of the way Ah ... ah ... Soon to leave Stand up Do not you do not Do not stand up Do not help me Quickly Help Bandit is also a lot of burglary We must pay great attention to Food and drinking water for two weeks to prepare My father Small country in East Asia Apollo doctors Spring time to return to Japan Dad TU ? Su Tu wine is ready This past TU Ok Oh such a long way to the father Before then Hidetoshi Asami on to ask you Father I said the words to ask the Thank you , good father huh Cheers Bar Well , Happy New Year marriage ? Congratulate you on your Congratulate you on your Cheers Bar Now think of it Father 's body seem to have become the bad After his father in the matter That is to stay in Japan a week Immediately said to go back to living in only one night Okay ? That this is Okay ? Sorry After no contact There are telephone calls from the hospital Do not know where he I am afraid Really terrifying Is not the father brought the virus Not many people have died of Thank you Mami To me Thanks Who do not know Who is sending back ? In the treatment of small-Jun-site it ? Inadequate staffing You do not have children , now infected Should respect In this survey compared to the Apollo Ask the Not what he looks forward to yo Apollo did not join the United Nations Even the medical examination of avian influenza can not be a strong organization Who does not know the truth Does not help you ? Now if only to know that these Ok I ' ll know soon Mr. Saturated Komori respirators are not enough In that case saying that what you Prepared artificial Blocked all respiratory That children 's breathing apparatus put here Organ failure that many children Are poor for a long time to breathe a Can not Respirators will not die immediately All the medical equipment you do not have enough Government warning on the Road Also less likely to survive the priority of the patients Can you Take the syringe to Ok You ! To do their own Ah Saturated Faster using breathing apparatus Hurry up and get a respirator No Mr. Kobayashi At least enough to help these patients it Help me soon Know Ask the Good dynamic actin Put on ventilator To the preparation of patients with intubation Ok Ok I went outside to Ready to intubation Know Please know Please use the respirator Respirator should be here This also Suzuki used this Ok Good for you Thank you , ask the 22 : 56 confirmed dead 22 : 57 confirmed dead 22 : 57 confirmed dead Mr. Kobayashi Breathing apparatus to bring at least The point of death I am also the point of death Oh Do not you have the point of death Sorry Sorry 1 2 deaths Other symptoms in patients with stable now Do not regret it ? Yes this is a crime It would also like to bet about the possibility of To you Please find the virus , it Little possibility 1 00 % Thanks Trouble you Ah I think you can only Mr. I will not do it I do not have a specific source of infection Expert on the fine Not your words on not Why me That is because I understand you , Mr. Is the right thing Kamikura I am moving is the first confirmed 1 : 00 am to escape his own distress But not so the case Enough for anyone not want to die I have heard of Apollo newly established A collection of many small island Industry is industry-oriented culture in Japan There are many countries do not have control of the island Who does not know the truth I like to wake up Clinics , where ? Clinics , where ? Clinics , where people know it ? Clinics , where ? Clinics , where ? Go Temporarily can not use it Go take a look at Doing ? From What are you looking for ? December 27 Minas Island shrimp processing plant breeding Daughter in the workplace It seems caught a cold in the reconnaissance Open your mouth Good end of the Doctor , I will die ? A bit like a cold Do not be afraid Disease similar to the popular island in the Minas Everywhere Island Really ? There are so many right ? But good You do not say no Japanese physician Shrimp aquaculture Minas Island Doctors brought the Japanese people ? Japanese physician Shrimp aquaculture Minas Island Really ? Yes With masks came to the island after the Japanese Go now Who wait for instructions Did not wait for yo Animals Ah I hate Ha ha Different views you Different views you Do not know what to bring signature ? Different views , Professor The virus is so bad Say Ha ha Infection in Japan is that We do not have time People unhappy Would like to stop as soon as possible source of infection I am here to obey Ah Ha ha you angry Ha ha It does not matter who our staff is not TU ? There is no need to listen to what he said Songgang Enough Minas Island Men met the devil in the forest caused by the disaster Down here Oh , not the Wow Ah Prohibit the entry of shrimp breeding base No one here Yes a lot of antibiotic drugs Su-bad of the soil changed People to place their own survival Themselves to the eradication of the PU Virus and human is the same as Hey ? hiv does not kill human beings have died when their own Even if , as is also the host to eat Do not you think this contradiction Songgang Humans and the viruses are symbiotic Is not it And viruses do ? Thinking you do not think you are very strange Hate I hate I know that had cancer from the beginning In that kind of problems you would like to Ah Frozen shrimp factory Songgang TU Rest I go take a look at ah Sorry Okay Keep a cool head Keep a cool head Keep a cool head Ah Keep a cool head Different views , Mr. Stop Songgang dangerous I save you Deceptive Nothing cool We are good friends Know ? A good friend of a friend Is not an enemy Do not attack Friend Your friends Nothing has been The doctors say the same thing You okay ? , Okay ? Here you have the Japanese doctor ? Is to help , but died It 's good to you Thank you , thank you Thank you , thank you Mr. different views that Or leave me Like you have to stay if Finally get the medical examination will be taken away by how it However , Mr. I have nothing I have cancer but has been alive Is not an enemy I Together with you here In fact feel good I now feel as young as Goodbye Japan Ok A total of forest property Using a variety of shapes That is to shrimp farming and logging it ? We seek the help of logging And forest which has been separated At the end of last year 's To forest harvesting a sick man Witch of forests to meet the Ghost man appeared at home Such a message Men died of sudden Men who live around In particular and the people who have been sharing The same as the lslanders are beginning to branch infected with the This island of infection spreading in the Minas Aquaculture enterprises to conceal the fact that the Set fire to the shipping industry in the village burned The island to the deserted Also can not contact the outside of the Hey you Abandon it Escape bar Worry about things Asami I have been to Japan If it were not for the proliferation of so many nice Research on treatment of this disease , researchers Hope that this can be useful to you Notes Tachibana Shuji TU animals Found Found Different views , Mr. Different views Different views Doing it Separation of virus Immediately Ah The results of our research travel , The successful separation of the virus Report this matter to you Also Found from the Minas Island infected persons received medical Unified virus found This is not us I found that I The beginning of infection Minas Island On the infection of the different views of the island , Professor Found in the virus is very powerful Has been investigated This rapid progress As early as six months , then some time After six months will certainly make every effort to complete Songgang Jun Different views , Mr. Died Is not it ? Well Do not put up with the Cry if A bit impolite to different views of Mr. TU Good You have worked hard M easy to Mom Released from the hospital to congratulate the Thanks See you soon Mother Yoshiko more Dance Moment on the home When ? Wait no longer In wait Not bad yo body TU Wishes to dance TU Dance yo do not come out from home TU ailing TU See you soon Had had Had a stretch yarn Open road stretch yarn had Virus has been found But there is no treatment for But Do not give up hope Members To this disaster as a warning To believe Nagano I will try to The I am very happy We all reach out to help me Really Struggle with it Thanks So how the face of terror Uneasy Hey ? To tell the truth Then it will be a lot of people die Light is very frightening to think about If Go back to the beginning of the world peace I will and capacity to meet child Then Do not say that Then Let sub - Do not just allow the child has worked very hard Waiting To meet the absolute Agreement Ah snow Really Letter written by Magic Mom TU Mom Sky snow Down yo Wrote yo To dance at the beginning of To see the snow Mr. Mita Mita fell That it can no longer meet I know that the Ready to cook the Set in the campus Operation late bar TU Understanding Lined Row 2 It was very hot right now , please Yes , please Mr. Kobayashi Kobayashi you wait Ask the Sorry I seem to infection There is no incidence of infection has not yet To be responsible for seriously ill patients But I also have a competent Kamikura Kamikura Oh , pick up points Infectious diseases can not be Is not to say that line is also Why come Sorry I want to throw a yo Kamikura I also Better dead I also thought Not stupid Oh , can not die Next Good preparation for intubation Laryngoscope Blood pressure 75 40 The good thing 1 0 Pulled out a good A disgrace Dad Mother has not been heard TU Kamikura Kamikura Do not advanced to Kamikura Kamikura Mita blood pressure is less than Added to the four units Acidosis has also continued to Ok Mita To live , now filling the You have to become good Ready Ok Emergency Somewhat lower saturation Ask the Never Do some good 1 23 1 23 Mr. There are radical changes Yoshiko more fuel Do not die I have family members of patients with Nurses here have been seen to do the right That guy is a person in combat it At least made it sound like Ask the In any case to put to Know that the wait I am sorry to confirm Ask the Used 026 liters Ok Echo the results ? Confirmed That child is ? TU 1 0 1 , 052 in increased blood pressure The stability of the To maintain as Ah yes mom Distributed to dance Snow And the father of the three of us together with your snowman Dance like her mother How a father ? Do not cry TU The Okay Kamikura All in all now stabilized Ok Ha ha Change your face clean Ah Okay TU apricots Yo check to start a good The man asked about TU ? Like this will die lonely Do not let him Hurry up and join them together Ah well The risk of the possibility of relief is only a few percent In turn , is likely to lose their lives Do not agree with that kind of treatment If there is such a treatment effect if Many people may A lot of people have hope Possession of Mr. Lin Okay Kamikura Oh Kamikura Nothing The use of masks The use of tranquilizers Good your past Check the ratio of good Good mask Songgang Nagano , where calls from the video phone Proton now can not hand Then it here Syrup Mr. President Songgang Songgang Jun I am infected with the Check it out seems difficult to Somewhat Is that this time it ? Next I ' ll give you the treatment of Will be good To the city hospital Africa Good treatment Treatment to patients Several people were rescued by Not been scientifically proven method of treatment Physicians in Europe are opposed to But Zaire doctors forced to do Eight people were rescued and five people But now is nothing I can In any case I would like to save your friend How much is the pulse ? In the treatment of which is In the treatment as Blood pressure 85 60 temperature 7 5 87 % saturation 2 units of red blood cells good Ah it would then blood , then Please contact endoscopy Good your past I Last resort the I would like to bet you To the last Not to mention the final What you do not need drugs Human beings and human Mr Xue will be used together Virus may forgive us for the Serum prepared On these Contact me for this before the Songgang Jun Previously agreed Forget Mr. Please a President I would like to ask to save the The order you please help me So cool Calm down Kamikura From a reply To find the child with the same blood type who Serum therapy is to it ? Quickly Now maybe if there are to save Please pay me the responsibility of Not conceited This is not a problem you can I am also able to resolve the Thank you Let me see Do not hurt ? TU Asami Thank you Not Blood-money to start 5 minutes later Mr. Kamikura radical change took place Oh Masks Never mind To 300 mg of glucose Chlorpheniramine 1 mg Ok Crimping where Kamikura Refueling Add in the masks of the three milliliters Sanso Ok Ratio of 30 , Mr. S 1 Ok Kamikura Kamikura left Do not give up injection Ok Mr. Blood pressure also dropped by Sanso not up to nine of the Ok To nine of the Once again , open up Veins return the blood pressure has also come out Good Kamikura Mr. Kobayashi effective treatment Refueling Every 1 0 minutes then check the blood pressure Ok How ? See it Student is not completely the growth of you Have been worried for you yo Frankly speaking See you all very much at ease Pu I changed yo This is the case can go to see a sub-capacity Ah beast I VF check V Away Heartbeat stopped to allow him to continue Ok Good for you Let sub - Let sub - You can hear the sub-capacity Saved the child President back Let sub - This face I am like Ah no Lost Yo can not forgive Ah Ah Ah Kobayashi Ok Let 's work today Think you have a personal look After the year I would like to give you help I was assistant small sub - Please More concern Kobayashi How the President into a doctor 's I am a high school student Secondary school students have a brother Patient suffering from a malignant brain tumor In his death I say this to the Sister will become a doctor Become a doctor treating patients like me Tomorrow will be good yo If the destruction of Earth , then tomorrow Kinds of classes today , you have apple trees Brother preferred language What I have forgotten how to Let sub - Let sub - You are the right kinds of apple trees Kobayashi Just now , I am sorry to say The problem of poor Oh To Mr. Songgang Thanks to you We only become the health of the Capacity at sub-life rescue Relief in Japan , many people Is still under study but there is no evidence of But I The courage to allow our son 's life saved Properly linked to the Really thank you Hokkaido cold it In the absence of doctors working on the streets It is terrible Filling it I am also very good President reminded of the words taught Sorry Medication properly yet Ate ex If the destruction of Earth , then tomorrow Species of apple trees now
