 [ Rumbling ] [ Couple moaning ] [ Dog barking ] [ Barking continues ] What is going on with that dog ? What dog ? Jonas never barks like that . I don 't hear any barking . [ Dog whining , barking ] Probably just a raccoon . He 'll be quiet in a minute . Come on , he never barks like that . Just make sure he 's okay . I 'll only take a second . All right , you twisted my arm . [ Barking continues ] Yes , yes , I 'm going . Go . [ Man ] Jonas ! Always gotta be the center of attention , huh ? If it wasn 't for you , right now I 'd be ... What you got , boy , something in the well ? Crazy mutt . All right . Let me see what 's got you all worked up . Nothing to worry about . Now listen , dog , I 'm going back up to my wife , and if I hear another noise out of you , I 'll neuter you again- - I 'll find a way . [ Barking continues ] [ Screaming ] [ Man ] What about " sacrificed " ? No , it 's gotta be worse than that . I 'm thinking " castrated " . Ooh . Or " flogged " . Flogging is coming back this year . Really ? Mm-hmm . What are you two talking about ? The sign we ignored that said , " no trespassing " . [ Man # 1 ] The punishment was scratched out . What if it 's a good thing like prize money ? You don 't see that , huh ? " Trespassers will be rewarded " . Ooh . How you two ever got PhDs is beyond me . Well , you gave them to us . [ Electronic beeping ] Oh . Is . Look at th - Dioxin out here ? Look at the CO2 levels . Yeah , they ' ' e been getting higher all day , Something 's going on . - They better stop , or we 're not gonna be able to ... - Breathe . We should check the water . Oh , look . Okay , I 'm officially getting freaked out . Wow . Oh , no , he 's amazed . That 's never good . I feel an epiphany coming on . Osmium nitrate . In the water ? That 's impossible . No , you finding a woman , that is impossible . Finding one of the rarest minerals on earth floating in this lake water , highly unlikely . - " Shot " . - What ? " Violators will be shot " . I 'll take care of this . Yeah . I 'm from Washington State university ... - You 're trespassing , college boy . - All right . [ Man ] Let 's get him ! [ gunshot ] They 're shooting ! - Let 's get out of here ! - Come on ! Come on ! Let 's go ! [ All panting ] Damn you , low-carb diet . Looks like we lost them . I think I left my lungs back there . We got bigger problems . Let 's go . - Okay . - Okay . I 'm too out of shape for field work . Osmium nitrate ? I thought that was only found in lava deposits . It is . This area isn 't known for its robust lava flow . [ Electronic beeping ] [ Rumbling ] [ Rumbling continues ] Run . Run ! Run ! Jake , that looks like a pretty robust lava flow ! [ Jake ] We gotta get to the lab . [ Electronic beeping ] Give me these E.T.S. figures . What do they say ? 9.3 , 9.5- - 10.5 ? 11.3 ? How 'd you know ? - Jake , what 's happening ? - The hazard zones are shifting . Yeah . I 'm just on my way . [ rumbling ] Oh ! [ People gasping , screaming ] [ Man ] We just got an update on the casualty report . It 's rising by the hundreds . Is the White House gonna issue a statement ? Just the basics . We want some hard facts before we go public . Analysis has confirmed that it is the result of seismic disruptions below earth 's crust . - Whose analysis ? - Dr. Drake . Palmer Drake and seismic disruptions . Tell me that 's a coincidence . Like I said , the information 's still trickling in . I 'd appreciate it if it would trickle faster . I have to brief the president in one hour . " We " have to brief the president . And you 're getting it as fast as I am . Let 's not jump to conclusions . No one 's pointing fingers at project deep ... yet . Is Drake in there ? He 's waiting on us . [ Woman ] As we can see , some areas of the suburbs have suffered damage nearly as extensive as downtown . Hundreds of homes are damaged , and the search will go on for hours to determine If anyone remains trapped in the collapsed structures . So far , the greatest number of casualties and the greatest damage reported has been from the structural failure of several sections of Highway 5 . But the devastating power ... - Palmer . Of this unpredicted quake is visible across the region . Got here as fast as I could . Preliminary reports indicate ... Marcia Crawford 's here from the NSA with General Fielding . You know they 're gonna try and stick this on us . Stick what on us ? Earthquakes ? Yeah . That 's a little paranoid , don 't you think ? Producing the Olympic and Cascade Mountain ranges ... The epicenters are not of surface origin . They 're coming from 25 Miles underground . Tell me that 's a coincidence . Yeah , but most probably it 's due to lithospheric flexure . But you try and tell that to someone when you got a nuclear device drilling in the area . We charted the roots and double-checked the drill zones for stability . - Do you think we could have made a mistake ? - No Look , this has nothing to do with us . Crawford 's just looking to make a name for herself . Lord knows she 's never been a fan of this project . Enda . I don 't care what 's on Crawford 's agenda . We were down there . We can 't ignore the fact that these two incidents may be related . I 'm not ignoring the facts . I am trying to look at the bigger picture . No , that is the bigger picture . Emergency services also request that only those with urgent need use the road , leaving them free for ambulances and fire trucks ... Jake was right . - Don 't start . - Have you called him ? - No , and I 'm not going to . - That is a huge mistake Yeah ? Well , you didn 't fire him I did . Jake is not part of this anymore . Okay ? General Fielding . Dr. Drake . Marcia Crawford . Well , doctor , I 'm sure you have a long-winded and self-flattering explanation for all of this . Let 's hear it . [ Typing ] You know , some animals can sense seismic disturbances . And these fish are really acting weird . It 's gotta be electromagnetic pulses from the inner core . Or the oregano I fed them yesterday . We were out of fish food again . Look , just lay off the fish , will you ? Get over here and help me dig out these files . What are they labeled ? " Project DEEP- - Deep Earth Energy Probe . " Well , that 's under " M " . Yup . Here they are . Here it is . The data we collected this morning was the same as the simulation I ran four years ago - which showed a huge tear in the lithosphere . - Wow . That would explain where the lava came from . Uh , speaking of hot , who 's this ? Who is she , Jkae ? Just an old friend . Dr. Jake Rollins ? Yes ? Excuse me for the interruption , sir , but you 'll need to come with us . Whoa , whoa , whoa . By whose orders ? The President of the United States . Please , sir , right away . I understand . Just Dr. Rollins , gentlemen . Sorry . No , no . Wait a second . These guys work with me . Now they may not look like geniuses , but believe me , they are . If you need me , you 're gonna need them . Here 's the latest E.T.S. results from the White House . Flexure . Yes . We 've lost half of Seattle , and I 'm gonna go to the president with flexure . It 's an extreme example , but it is not unprecedented . Palmer 's been the point man on this operation since its inception . - He knows what he 's talking about . - Yeah , well , that 's just great . I 'm still gonna recommend we shut down Project DEEP indefinitely . And I 'm gonna recommend that we don 't . It would be inappropriate to make such a hasty decision . Without more information . He 's right . We 're at a critical point in this operation . We can 't turn tail without all the facts . Facts ? That 's what you 're gonna get . This is a memo Dr. Jake rollins submitted when the project was in its developmental stage . In it , he warns of possible side effects of your deep energy drilling- - side effects , by the way , eerily similar to exactly what 's going on right now . Dr. Rollins is a wild card . He 'll say anything to get attention . Yeah , well , he 's got my attention . Dr. Rollins , nice to see you again . Mrs. Crawford . This is General Fielding . - I think you know everybody else . - Oh , yeah . We go way back . I 'm assuming you 've been brought up to speed on the latest intel . Yeah . What 's your take on the situation . Well , you know , I 'm not a religious man . but I think this is what the Bible-thumpers call " armageddon . " - This is crazy . I 'm not gonna stand for this . - Where you going ? Seattle ? - That 's enough . - Yeah . You know what ? It is enough . Let 's stop the dog-and-pony show right here . Project DEEP- - it 's operational , isn 't it ? You know how I know that ? I got osmium nitrate floating around in ponds like it 's algae . I spent the morning being chased by a river of lava . What the hell did you people- - This has nothing to do with Project DEEP , Jake . Let me guess . He dazzled you with his eloquent little theory on flexure ? God , I can 't believe you did it . We were meticulous every step of the way . We took every precaution . Calculated and recalculated- - Well , somebody forgot to carry the one . Jake , Jake , you 're wrong . This is an unrelated , unforeseeable act of nature , period . - No . - No , you are angry ' cause Project DEEP is a success . We have a tap into enough energy to power North America for 100 years , Jake ! North America ? It 's not gonna be here in 100 years . You don 't know what you 're talking about ! In your blind quest for energy , you 've done something that 's gonna split the planet in half ! What are you talking about ? That 's an exaggeration , right ? Not much , thanks to his ego . Hey , you know what that is ? Oh , don 't tell me- - - Spartan GT supercomputer ! - What did I just say ? I wonder where they 're taking it . Let 's find out . Lock and load . From everything I 've seen , these subduction zones here , all along the pacific rim all the way up to the aleutian trench , have somehow moved . Jake , what are you getting at ? You guys drilled into a pocket of underground gas . Know what ? You don 't know that . It 's the only possible explanation for what 's going on . Not necessarily . There is another possible explanation . Oh , yeah ? Like what , Karen- - a natural bend in the lithosphere ? I don 't think so . You know that 's not what 's going on here . English , please . The subduction zone . When the gas in the pocket they breached escaped , the plates above started collapsing toward the core- - where they melt , and that creates more liquid magma . More magma , more pressure behind it , looking for a place to get out . That 's how you get volcanic eruptions . It 's like- - it 's like this jelly doughnut , okay ? Jelly inside- - that 's the magma . Now as the plates continue to collapse and melt ... jelly 's gotta go somewhere . So this is gonna get a lot worse . A lot of jelly down there . General ? Well , Jake , it 's good to see you haven 't changed a bit- - still preaching doom and gloom , huh ? It 's your funeral , Palmer . I 'm just glad I got invited . It 's all of our funerals if we don 't find a solution . That 's right . The sooner you get with the program , the better we 'll all be . - What 's the program--you drilling a big hole in the world ? - Just stop it , both of you ! All right ? If there 's one thing I know , it 's this- - whatever it was that happened down there is going to need to be fixed down there . You scare these people into closing us down , we 're never gonna be able to correct this mess . I 'm suspending Project DEEP effective immediately until the situation gets under control . This is my project . You don 't have the authority for that . Like hell I don 't . Not without my consent . And I 'm not giving it until I have concrete evidence . Concrete evidence ? What the hell have you been listening to for the last 20 minutes ? Well , Jake made some convincing arguments . But Palmer 's been the brain behind DEEP from the very start . I 'm not about to cast him aside . No one 's talking about casting anyone aside . I 'm talking about finding a solution . Think about the repercussions of what we 're talking about . The political fallout could destroy this administration . Not to mention that career of yours along with it . You seriously think I 'm worried about my career right now ? Look , do this my way , Marcia . We could all come out of this looking like heroes . We need to make sure the human race comes out of this ... General . Okay , Jake . You saw this coming down the pipe . Any ideas how to fix it ? I got a couple , but I ... Karen did most of the drilling . I 'm gonna need her input . Sir , with all due respect , no one knows more about DEEP than I do . Textbook educations are fine for the classroom , Jake . But in my line of work , it 's hands-on experience that counts . Okay . We 'vegot our team then . Dr. Rollins , you 're gonna join Dr. Drake and Dr. west here to try and figure out our next step . - You guys have 48 hours . - But- - It 's not an offer . It 's an order . I suggest you start working on your proposal . [ rumbling ] [ Man ] Brush fires caused by downed power lines in the outlying areas are keeping emergency crews busy ... As destructive as earthquakes are , they are not the real problem . We have to stop the plates collapsing . Which brings us back to the subducting zones . Yes . We gotta find a way to reset ' em . Otherwise , they keep melting , make more magma . So once we determine the exact amount of energy that moved the plates ... Well , then we use the exact same amount of energy to shift ' em back . So where do you propose we do this ? Ficus ! - Hey , guys ! - What the hell ? Look what we got here . Now guess what this is . A Spartan GT supercomputer . Again with the- - [ Groans ] The Spartan GT supercomputer has 15 protec microprocessors all humming along at 7.5 gigahertz with a total combined drive capacity of over three terabytes . Well done . Yeah , we thought it might come in handy . Where did you get this ? Uh , we know a guy . Yeah . It 's gonna take us a few minutes to get it warmed up , though . Good , ' cause I could use some air . You okay ? Yeah . We 'll figure it out . I can 't believe you have anything to do with this . Don 't start . - You know what could happen . - I 'm not gonna let you do this to me right now . You know , after all this time , I still don 't understand . Jake , they gave me unlimited resources to build exactly what I 've always dreamed of building . You know what ? I did it . That 's what scientists do . You let it get personal . That 's what scientists don 't do . I am so tired of doing this dance with you . I 'm not the same woman who looked up at you with those puppy-dog eyes all those years ago . You 're just mad because I made a choice that didn 't involve following your lead . You know what ? Choice is irrelevant . No , the choice itself is everything . - Why are you so angry ? - How can you ask me that ? Look what we 're dealing with . That 's not what I 'm talking about . - Oh . - You know what I mean . Yeah . Don 't flatter yourself , all right ? We were over a long time ago . Yeah . We were . Hey , Jake ? Spartan 's online , and Palmer 's running the first blast calculations . Exactly what kind of explosion are we talking about ? Initial calculations indicate something about 4,000 times the Hiroshima bomb . Oh , for the love of God . This is insane . This is the ring of fire- - a chain of active volcanoes that surrounds the Pacific next couple days , as the magma levels start to rise , These things are gonna start exploding . The ensuing ash cloud will be unlike anything this planet has ever seen . That is insane . Make no mistake- - We 're talking about an extinction-level event . Palmer ? Karen ? Do you concur ? - I 'm afraid so , yes . - Evidently . And this is the only way ? Yes , it is . Can you get them that kind of firepower ? If that 's what it takes , then that 's what we 'll deliver . [ Jake ] Now we just need to calculate where to place our blast . Print that . Look at this . According to our calculations , it looks like this . This is the exact seismic force that struck the tectonic plates . - Decker . - Yo . Thanks for doing this . This pinpoints the exact location of where we 're going to have to put the manufactured blast . Actually , Spartan 's asking for two blasts . Two ? Guys , I need everything over here . Come on ! It should be coming out . [ Printer beeps ] Okay . All right , look . These are the subduction areas , right ? Now with the magma yield that we 're expecting in the next 72 hours , I ... Is this right ? To the last decimal point . God . What ? What is it ? Oh , this is about to get a lot worse . Spartan says we have to place the charges 25 Miles below the surface . So we blast . [ Palmer ] If the cascades are waking up , we 're running out of time . We can take the mining route to here . After that , we have to splinter off . That leaves us another ten miles to go . And you 're sure that we can get deeper ? That 's 25 Miles . Wait till you see what she 's created , Jake- - The most amazing machine I 've ever seen . Mining 's kept us busy at 15 Miles . We haven 't had a need to go deeper . But the Mole , it 's unstoppable . It 'll go where I take it . Lucky for us that this area was pretty active at one point . These lava tubes could cut out some time . I could figure out a way to map them altogether . That way we won 't be blasting through solid rock the whole way . Solid rock isn 't an obstacle . " Solid rock isn 't an obstacle " ? [ Alarm ringing ] We 're entirely run by geothermal energy- - the entire facility . We 've been able to use that energy to support our mining operations for two years . But about eight months ago , the real discovery came- - liquid tritium . [ Karen ] Twelve Miles down . Tapped into it like a natural spring . It was enough to fuel our rapid fusion reactors for the next 100 years . Thanks , dad . We 're gonna hang out at the food court . It 's like being reunited with a lost loved one , isn 't it , Jake ? Don 't worry . I don 't expect compliments . DEEP does exactly what I said it would do . [ Scoffs ] Don 't get me wrong . I 'm not discounting your help , but , uh , I wonder , is it bittersweet seeing your vision realized by someone else when it so easily could have been you ? Palmer , you 've used it to bring the world closer to destruction than it 's ever been . That 's not bittersweet . Just bitter . Dr. Drake . General . Major McEwan , Dr. Drake . Congratulations , sir . Major McEwan 's department 's been commissioned to explore the potential uses of project deep 's energy . For the military . For America , Dr. rollins . And we 're fortunate to have what he 's come up with . We basically shrunk down your rapid fusion reactors . Added blasting caps to activate the cores- - made it a bomb . The blast is equal to a 4,000 megaton nuclear bomb with limited radioactive fallout . Don 't look so surprised , Dr. Drake . This is a logical adaptation of your technology . And using it to push those tectonic plates back may prevent a global catastrophe . The major here and Captain Hayward will be joining you on your trip . And only they will have the activation codes to the fusion reactors . Is that clear ? Good . Is there anything else ? No . No , as long the fallout 's only limited . [ Patting back ] Fine . We 've got one hour before launch . [ Whispering ] Let 's go . [ Man on TV ] The reawakening of Mount Adams from dormancy and its release of gases and ash into a massive plinian eruption cloud hints at a dangerous shift in magma pressure say geologists . Events now happening in Long Valley , California seem to confirm this theory . Although an active geological zone , you are seeing the first surface event there in over 500 years . This is the first lava geyser in the continental U.S. in recorded history . [ Black ] Wow . [ Decker ] Wow . [ Jake whistles ] Incredible . It 's asleep now . Wait till it wakes up . Then you 'll see . Karen . It 's incredible . Thank you . The name sucks though . What ? The name . I 'm sure it 's an awesome machine , but come on . The Mole ? Yeah , well it travels underground . Yeah , like a Mole . We get that . You spent years building this thing and two and a half minutes thinking of the name . You might as well have called it the Hamster . Give it a rest , will you ? Go . Leave . - Now Apollo , that was a name . - Word to that . [ Warning tone ] [ Woman on loudspeaker ] T minus 45 minutes to launch . Well , I guess we should get suited up . Yes . Understood . See you . When did you turn this into a weapons program ? You think we 'd pay for all thiis just to cut back on gas ? This- - this was never even brought up to me . I don 't need your authorization , nor your blessings for that matter . Everything you build , find or discover is property of the U.S. government . You 're still getting everything you ever wanted . You 're changing the world . Hey . Hi . What happened here ? I haven 't seen that before . Did you , uh , fall down the stairs or slip in the shower ? Very funny . No , actually I was outrunning the bulls in Pamplona . Oh . Not all of them evidently . No . Not all . When did you start running with the bulls ? I don 't know . Probably about the time you started wearing your hair short . [ Woman on loudspeaker ] T minus 20 minutes to launch . Gentlemen , I can 't overstate the importance of this mission . [ McEwan ] Thank you , sir . You 're the best we 've got . Good luck . Thank you , sir . Sir . General . What orders did you just give those two marines ? I told them to follow strict military protocol . Which is ? Those aren 't fourth of July fireworks I 'm sending them away with . if anything should go wrong , they 've been given orders to take whatever measures necessary to secure the mission . And their mission is the same as our mission , correct ? You know , I don 't like the feeling of being kept in the dark . Neither does the president . I 've served under three presidents before this one , and not once has my quality of service been called into question . Well , if it has anything to do with this mission whatsoever , I want to know about it before it happens . Is that clear ? [ Warning tone ] [ Woman on loudspeaker ] T minus five minutes to launch . [ Console beeping ] You come highly recommended , Captain . Good eye for detail , or so they tell me . Yes , sir . You know , I gotta say , this is amazing . I mean , look at that . All these gauges , colored readouts . If this sucker had a satellite dish , it 'd really be cookin ' . He 's navigating ? Yes , I 'm navigating . Suck it up , Palmer . Don 't make me bring up that road trip to Joshua Tree . Palmer , just drop it . We were kids . Five hours driving through the desert till we ran out of gas . Typical stubborn Jake rollins move . Yeah , well , I didn 't have one of these back then . Now we 're in good hands . You still owe me $ 500 from the tow truck . Boys . Enough , all right ? On your cue , Palmer . Guidance and navigation . Guidance navigator go . [ Palmer over loudspeaker ] Drill blade activator . [ Karen ] Drill blade activator operational . [ Palmer ] Fusion procedures . [ Karen ] Check , fusion procedures . [ Palmer ] Network extensions . [ Karen ] Full extensions . Cabin pressure stabilizer . Uh , that 's a go . [ Palmer ] Thermal incinerator . [ Karen ] 100 percent . Okay , run core diagnostic . That 's a go . [ Palmer ] Hydrocarbon systems . [ Karen ] Check , hydrocarbon systems . [ Palmer ] Engage full drive . [ Karen ] Engaged . All systems are reading satisfactory , command . I 'd like to cut the cord . [ Woman on loudspeaker ] Roger . Initiating final countdown . All right , boys . Let 's buckle up . Coordinates locked ? I 'm in . Upload complete . Mole to command . We 'd like to say our farewells and plan to see you back here safely in 22 hours and 7 minutes . Can I have a go , no go for descent ? [ Woman on loudspeaker ] Roger , Mole . You are go for descent . Repeat . You are go for descent . Let 's do it . Godspeed , brave souls . The Seattle event is just the beginning as this morning 's disaster has spread fear and panic throughout the entire north American continent . Experts warn these plinian clouds behind me are just a harbinger of things to come . And with no one certain as to the exact extent of the damage and volcanic activity steadily on the rise , one question is on the minds of all . Will this end , or is this the end ? Stay tuned for further updates throughout the day . I 'm J.C. Kenny . I gotta say , the ride is smoother than I thought it would be . Well , to put it simply , I designed the cabin like an air bubble . we 'll always float level . Good , ' cause I don 't want to spend the next 24 hours mashed up against that console . Cut me some slack , will you ? Hey , slack is being cut , sir . I am very impressed . Yeah , well this is just the opening act . there 's a headliner coming that 's gonna knock your socks off . [ Beeping ] [ Karen on loudspeaker ] Command , this is Mole . We 've reached maximum depth of mining excavations . Ooh , they 're rushing out of the mine shaft . This should be good . [ Console beeps ] Drill blade activator . Drill blade activator go . [ Woman on loudspeaker ] Command , we are bringing blades up to full rotation for the next phase . They 're entering the lava tube . Dr. West , may I Stand , please ? Yeah , be my guest , Captain . What do you use to cut through the rock ? A frequency pulse ? - Timi . - Timi ? Yeah , a thermo-ionic mass incinerators . Thermo-ionic mass incinerators . Sounds pretty hot . [ Palmer ] We use hydrocarbon diamond lenses . And if we ever find a material tougher than a diamond , we 'll use that , Jack up the power , cut through the rock faster . The cobalt matrix material 's been a great help to our troops in the Gulf , doctor . That kind of heat resistance- - they can walk straight into an oil fire and put it out . It 's amazing gear . We 're looking for other uses as well . The benefits to the military are of absolutely no interest to me , major . I do not appreciate having my research diverted to make weapons of mass destruction . [ Computer beeping ] Whoa . What 's got Palmer so jumpy ? Too much junk food . Hmm ? I 'm good . [ Beeping continues ] Hey , I had no idea they would hijack my work . Palmer , you were being funded by the military . What did you think was gonna happen ? You have the luxury of being an armchair quarterback , Jake . You were just a coach who was too stupid to realize he didn 't know the team . [ Woman on tv ] The eruption of the Sakurajima volcano in Japan following the powerful tremor in Auckland , New Zealand ... [ Fielding ] The ring of fire is heating up . Just like Jake said . Tonight 's dramatic lava outburst in Redoubt , Alaska shows the destructive power and growing frequency of geological events here in North America . Explosive showers of lava set fire to vegetation on the surrounding slopes . And now a huge forest fire is raging out of control . But the devastation caused by this inferno pales next to the unanswered questions . How many more of these unprecedented lava outbursts- - that 's solid rock ahead . Yeah . Looks like that does it for the lava tubes . It 's just gonna take me a minute to get Timi up to speed . Major McEwan , you good ? Just waiting for the in-flight movie to start . Mole to command . We 'd like to activate Timi . Stand by . Mole to command , come in . [ Karen 's voice breaking up ] [ Marcia ] What is it ? I don 't know . We 're getting some kind of interference . [ Karen 's voice breaking up ] Karen , this is General Fielding . We can 't read you clearly . Can you repeat that ? [ Fielding 's voice breaking up ] - Mole to command , come in . - What 's wrong ? [ Karen ] I don 't know . We just lost communication . [ Rumbling ] What the hell was that ? The G-Band readings ! The size of this field is off the chart . Strap in . What does that mean ? What are you talking about ? Magnetics . That lava flow has a magnetic field . [ Alarm beeping ] Stick to that thing like Super Glue ! Get us the hell out of here ! Still waiting on Timi to get up to speed . [ Beeping continues ] What are they doing ? Are they moving sideways ? [ Beeping continues ] Karen ! Come on ! Come on , Karen ! Hold on . Come on . That 's solid rock ahead . That 's solid rock , babe . Just trust me on this one , all right ? Karen ! [ Karen ] Hang on ! [ Computer squelching ] There you are . Yeah ! [ Sighing ] Whoo ! How does that compare to running with the bulls ? It 's right up there . You don 't say . How did that little joyride affect our heading ? It moved us a little bit , but I 'm putting in new coordinates now . Let 's see if you can get communication back , Palmer . All right . [ Palmer ] Mole to command . Do you copy ? Come in . Command , this is Mole . [ Keyboard clacking ] Well , they 're really cooking now . Okay , let 's see what we can do to reestablish contact . We need to know what the hell 's going on out there . On it . Boy , I 'm sure glad they don 't have us hooked up to those heart monitors . Trust me on this . Get your things and start heading east . It doesn 't- - Just listen to me . It doesn 't matter where you go . Just go . I 'll find you . You think it 's fair to give certain people a head start ? When were you planning to tell the other 6 billion loved ones Of the catastrophe heading their way ? Don 't jump the gun . Let 's give our team a fighting chance . Look , General , the White House needs to be prepared with a response , Not to mention a plan of action . if you are even thinking evacuation , We need to go public . Great . Great . Let 's break it to the networks . That 'll surely prevent a widespread panic , won 't it ? Just how long do you plan to keep this a secret ? Don 't forget who appointed you . We work for a government that protects its people when they need it- - all of them . Our government has its hands full as it is . If your Dr. Rollins and the crew of the Mole are successful in their mission , then we will have done our job . Then we agree- - that protecting yourself doesn 't even make the list of priorities ... Right ? Where are they now ? Back on track about 20 Miles down . Project DEEP , this is General Fielding . Come in . [ Fielding ] Project DEEP , are you there ? This is Project DEEP . We had a minor incident , but we 're moving again . Good to be back in communication . What 's your status ? [ Karen ] We are shutting down Timi after a successful burn , and we are almost at our first drop-off point . Uh , about 50 meters up . They have parking , free valet . All right , I 'll slow her down . [ Engines slow down ] Here we go , guys . Hamster 's approaching first drop-off point . [ Beeping ] You guys ready to do your thing ? Tell us where you want it . We 'll set the activation . I 've uploaded the spartan coordinates . The placement has to be pretty precise . [ Door whirring ] You 're not going out there , are you ? No , I need to stay here and run some diagnostics , Make sure those magnets didn 't screw us up too bad . Let 's do it . [ Sighs ] Wow . One small step for man . It 's amazing how much money we spend trying to get to other planets . When you think about it , we still don 't know anything about the one we live on . You 're right , Jake . We 're the first humans to stand 20 Miles beneath the earth 's surface . Okay , enough with the sightseeing , gentlemen . Let 's set the first charge . [ Device beeping ] [ Beeping continues ] [ Sighs ] We have a bit of a problem . What is it ? Reactor needs to be set ... Down there . We 'll take it from here , doctor . That 's what we 're here for . Okay . This will give you the exact spartan coordinates . Be careful . Ready , Captain ? Yes , sir . [ sighs ] Palmer , what are you doing ? Is this what I think it is ? Osmium nitrate . I found a vein of it . Yeah . It 's got a melting point of 5,000 degrees celsius . Tough stuff . That 's harder than diamond . Much harder . Start picking it up . Get as much as you can carry . Why ? For the lenses . I need this to increase the power . Palmer , you 've caused enough damage with the power you 've got . Enough . It 's never enough . You are unbelievable ! [ Device beeping ] Right here , Captain . This is it . Lock it down . Captain , are you comfortable driving the Mole yet ? - Sir ? - You have a keen eye for detail . I think you 're ready . Don 't you ? Not yet , sir . It 's pretty complicated . Hayward , you 'd better know by the time we set that second reactor . Yes , sir . [ Rumbling ] [ Alarm beeping ] [ Groans ] [ Gasping ] The bomb . Hang on , Major ! Hang on , major ! Grab my arm ! Major ! Major , no ! [ Screaming ] [ Grunts ] [ Grunts ] [ Alarm beeping ] Something 's coming ! [ Man ] Take cover ! [ Woman ] Earthquake ! [ Man # 2 ] Earthquake ! Calm down , everyone ! Everyone calm down ! What the hell is going on down there ? Palmer ! Dr. Drake ? [ Grunting ] [ Jake ] Captain , tell me you set that bomb . Yes , sir . It 's on the ledge , And it 's activated . Where 's McEwan ? He didn 't make it , sir . Come on , Palmer . Dr. Drake , come in . Dr. West ? Dr. Rollins , come in . Hey , guys , look . First bomb 's been set . [ Jake ] Let 's get him inside . This cavern 's unstable . [ Door opens ] [ Alarm beeping ] Get the first aid ! Get the first aid ! What happened out there ? Karen , get her going . We gotta get out of here . That last tumbler knocked us around pretty bad . I gotta recheck the second site coordinates . Where 's McEwan ? He 's gone . Get us out of here . I 'm starting the engines . [ Switches beeping ] [ Engines revving ] I got a pulse . It 's a weak one . Hang in there , Dr. Drake . [ Rumbling ] [ Alarm beeping ] Dr. West ? [ Karen ] We 've got a coolant leak , Jake . Oh , God , that 's hot ! - We 've got to seal it . - With what ? With the fire extinguisher . Use it to freeze the tubes . [ Groans ] We good ? For now . Nice work . [ Computer beeping ] [ Man on tv ] The damage to Coleville is extensive , and scientists say that the earthquake that struck here will not be the last seismic event of a worldwide ... Quakes are getting bigger . What was the size of the last one ? 6.4 , centered just outside of Coleville . [ Cell phone rings ] Yes ? Yes , sir . Well , I should start by saying that we 're taking the most offensive measures possible . um , Ms. Crawford- - Not now , guys . Um , there 's a problem . Hey . We set the first reactor . We 're on our way to drop point number two . [ Gasping ] Can I help ? Sure . Why don 't you see if you can get the communication back up ? I wouldn 't know where to begin . I went to tank school for eight months in the marines . These controls look a lot more complicated . it 's not that hard once you get going . Throttle here . Thruster here . Of course we don 't get shot at much , so we 're a little weak on the artillery side . Sir . How 's Palmer ? Well , he 's conscious . Barely . Didn 't have the heart to tell him what 's really going on . [ Jake ] The quake shifted our coordinates and this nav computer doesn 't have processing power . It 's gonna take me two days to reconfigure what the coordinates are with this thing . And that 's two days we just don 't have . [ Sighs ] I need to talk to the base . Captain , see what you can do . Yes , ma 'am . Mole to command . Mole to command . Mole to command . Can you read us ? Mole to command . Can you read us ? Nothing . The subduction zone shifted with that last quake . Yeah , but we 're shifting it back , right ? But the placement of our blast was always under the assumption everything would remain close to the way they were when we did our targeting . Not to mention the size of the reactor 's blast . And now it 's all different . Yeah . Okay , we have to reach them . I mean , they must realize something 's wrong , right ? If they put the reactor in the wrong spot- - we could make things worse . What can we do ? First thing we have to do is to figure out exactly where the drop points are . They could be two feet away . They could be two days away . The second question is , are our reactor 's gonna work ? Is the one we have too big ? Is it not big enough ? This computer is worthless . It 's not fast enough to answer the questions I 'm asking it . [ Black ] If their radio communication 's been knocked out , we 're gonna have to do this the hard way . Stand back , folks . This is gonna get ugly . The Mole is about to be hacked . Black , I 'm gonna need a hotwire . I 'm on it . You sure you guys know what you 're doing ? It never stopped us before . [ Engine slowing down ] Are you shutting Timi down ? Yes , I am . Why ? Because , Jake , we don 't even know if we 're going the right direction . Yeah , but we can 't stop . What 's the plan ? We can 't recalculate the shift it 's impossible . [ Sighs ] Look , maybe we 're not supposed to win this one . [ Alarm sounding ] Are we losing power ? No . It 's something else . [ Alarm continues ] ? [ Video game tune ] Yes ! My guys ! They 're in the system . [ Jake ] You bet they are ! And not a moment too soon . Okay , he needs all the episodic tremors and slope from the last quake factored into our old data . I 'm in . Okay , good . Now apply those figures to the location of the first drop point . Hang on . Hang on . Uh-oh . What ? Hmm . That does not sound good . Okay . We got a problem . The charge in the reactor needs to be bigger . Bigger ? Jake , we only have one left . The cores . Use the cores in the Mole . Captain Howard ... I 'm guessing you know a thing or two about those reactors . Yes , sir . Major McEwan said to use the same cores from DEEP ? That 's correct , sir . Can you transfer those cores to this reactor ? I 'm trained in demolitions . I don 't know if- - Can you do it ? I can do my best . Not to dampen spirits , but if we take power from the Mole now , we might not be able to get back . Removing those cores could make our ascent very difficult . Maybe impossible . We came down here to do this thing and I ... I say we do it . I 'm in . Agreed . I 'm in . Okay . Let 's get to work . [ Coughing ] I 've shut down power to the grids . It 's cold . Palmer , I need a little help here . A 12k megaton blast- - how many of these things is it gonna take ? Uh , three , but if you take one out , the entire chamber goes dark . That means we lose half our power . We 'll still have enough to get the job done . [ Air hissing ] [ Palmer ] Captain . - You ready ? - Yeah , it 's gonna be tricky . We rupture one of these cylinders and that 's it , we 're done for . Well , ordinarily that would faze me , but not today . Do what you gotta do . [ Air hisses ] Whoa ! What are you doing , trying to make this exciting ? I 'm trying to get it over with . Slow down . Take it easy . [ Coughs ] Okay . One more and we can put it into position . Jake , you might want to think twice about going out there with him You 're not supposed to come back . Looks like he 's been training . Dr. Rollins , it isn 't the way it looks . - Let me explain . - What are you doing down here ? - Take it easy . - Why did they send you ? - They didn 't send me . They sent Major McEwan . - Keep talking . Major McEwan was told to make sure that if we made it back , none of you would . But when McEwan died , so did the order . I 'm not an assassin . He was . He had a vial of sarin gas when he went over that ledge that was meant for all of you . But you were still taking notes after McEwan died . Do you know how to drive this thing ? Do you ? Huh , do you ? If anything happened to her , we would be stuck down here . Now , I wanna get back . I wanna see my family again . So let 's just finish the mission and get back out top . Let 's finish the mission . You know ... you and- - and Jake ... You make a good team . Yeah . [ Device beeping rhythmically ] The rock is different here . It 's smooth . Yeah . A river of magma flowed through here probably about a million years ago . If we don 't do this right , it 's gonna be flowin ' again . [ Device continues beeping ] [ Sizzling ] [ Device emits high-pitched beep ] X marks the spot . Set it right there . I 'll lock it down , activate the timers . Remember , we have to be precise . This has to synch up with the other reactor . Okay . We 're receiving a synch signal from device number one . Good . I 'll synch up and program the activation codes . [ Sizzling ] [ Gasping ] What 's wrong ? Don 't take it off ! Don 't take your helmet off ! [ Alarm sounding ] [ Both grunting ] You gotta help me , Jake ! You gotta help me ! [ Air hissing from helmet ] [ Alarm continues ] [ Screaming ] I can 't breathe ! [ Groans ] [ Gasping ] [ Door opening ] [ Groans ] Jake ! Hayward 's dead . It 's worse than that . He didn 't set the reactor . Jake , we don 't have the activation codes . I gotta go . I gotta set that reactor . No ! How ? We don 't have the codes . I 'll figure something out . Don 't be crazy , Jake ! You 're not going out there ! [ Coughing ] Palmer ! Palmer ! Palmer ! Palmer , what are you doing ? I won 't have you stealing my thunder , Jake . That 's not the way I care to go out . I 'm gonna fuse the cores myself . I 'm staying down here . This is my fault . I 'm the one that 's gonna fix it . It 's not supposed to end this way . I still have plenty of time to screw it up . You still have to make it out . We 're not leaving you down here , Palmer . No ! That 's not an offer , Karen . That 's an order . Trust me . It 's better this way . [ Coughing ] Dr. Rollins . Dr. Drake . [ Palmer ] Dr. west . [ Sniffles ] [ Hatch opening ] [ Grunting ] Let 's get out of here . [ Labored breathing ] How are we set for power ? Um ... Bad . Coolant levels ? Worse . Great . That 's par for the course . I 'll do my best to reroute the power , but , um ... it 's gonna get hot in here . whatever happens , we 're gonna make it . [ Labored breathing ] [ Groaning ] Come on , Palmer . Sorry , kid . No time for sentiment . [ Mole engine starts ] They 're on the move again ! What about the second reactor ? It 's in position , but it hasn 't been activated yet . Did they do it ? It 's not over yet . But as far as we can tell , both charges are in place . But the second one hasn 't initiated . Okay . Let 's synch up to reactor one . [ Beeping ] [ Black ] Guys , it must have been a glitch . The second device is synched and activated . I think that 's everything I can shut down without us catching on fire . This is worse than I thought . We 're barely into the shaft . It 's too far . Just think about cool places . Remember when we went skiing in Park City ? Water . I don 't think you ever took me to the beach . No , no , no . Do you have a contingency for underwater evacuation ? Yeah . But we 've never needed to use it . Well , you may need to use it now . You know , if we alter our present course by 40 degrees , It 'll bring us out right ... there- - at the bottom of the straits of Juan de Fuca . You know , we- - we could float to the top . We won 't need any power . I knew there was a reason why I loved you . Let 's do it . [ Beeping ] They 're coming up . and Timi is online . Looks like they 're taking a shortcut to the surface . [ Decker ] Yeah , and their coolant level 's in the red . I wanna know where and when they 're coming up . Guys ? Can you do me a favor ? I need those coordinates as well . Can you get them to me first ? Uh , sure thing , Miss Crawford . Thanks . [ Timer beeping ] This is the new surfacing point ? Yeah . Thanks . What was that ? I asked for the new coordinates . So did I. Hand it over . I 'm not gonna ask you again . Follow me , gentlemen . Let 's go . [ Timer beeping ] Come on . Let 's look on the bright side . at least now I 'll get an answer to the questions scientists have pondered their entire lives . What 's next ? [ Device whining ] [ Warning buzzer sounding ] Hold on . Step on it . We have to hurry . Drive , dude , drive ! What 's the word , Jake ? I don 't know . Give me a minute . I 'm commencing the ejection sequence . Give me a second . [ Computer beeps ] Hey , it 's working . Look at that . Look at that . The hot zones are starting to fall off . The plates must have shifted . It 's working . Now we just have to get home . Come on . Let 's go . You drive like my grandmother ! All right . Here we go . [ warning buzzer sounding ] Go through it . Go ahead . Go through it . [ Gasps ] [ Black ] Yup . These are the coordinates . Do you see them ? [ Marcia chuckling ] I see them . Yes ! Miss Crawford ? Your office called . You have a story for me ? I certainly do . People need to know the truth about what caused these natural phenomenon and the steps that were taken to bring it under control . Can we roll on this ? That 's why I asked you here . We 're rolling . Errors in judgment were made in the name of greed and personal glory . People died because of those mistakes . The President wants to make it perfectly clear that there is no place in this administration for the betrayal of public trust . Jake , what are you doin ' ? You know , stop . We need to keep going . I don 't need to go ashore . Everything I need is right here . Always has been . I couldn 't agree more . - You see ' em ? - Oh , yeah . - What are they doin ' ? - Nothin ' . - Let me see . - No , they 're not doin ' anything . - Then you can let me see . - They 're just talking . - They 're making out , aren 't they ? - No . - Yes , they are . Come on . It 's my turn . - No , they 're just talkin ' . - Where you goin ' ? - Nowhere . - Where are you going ? - I 'm not doing any- - Deck ! It 's my turn ! No ! No ! No ! [ Groans ] Thank you . You 're welcome .
