 Subtitle edited By iMR aka imxpress Sorry , did I distract you ? Oh , no , no , no , You must be brilliant , Oh , this ! Oh , yeah , it 's a masterpiece , yes , " A throbbing fleshy appendage downloading data at lightning speed , " H mm , Tchu ! Did you just erase it all ? I did , Why ? It was a load of crap , and it won 't hold anyone 's interest , Why don 't you put your masterpiece away for a while ? You never know , You might get a bit of inspiration , [ Female clears throat ] We 'll serve dinner shortly , Have you made your choice ? Uh , beef , Chicken , [ Screaming ] [ Laughs ] Sorry ! It 's not my sick sense of humor , really , This friend of mine advised me to take a couple of air sickness pills before I got on the plane , and now , well , they make me a bit groggy , Goof number two , Must be this , too , Hi , I 'm Kathy , Kathy Thomas , [ Hispanic accent ] Silvia , Vacation ? They say the island 's really something , So I 've heard , Traveling solo ? I know ... mind your business , Sorry , sweetie , I 'm a lost cause , I just love poking my nose Into other people 's lives , Probably ' cause I don 't have one of my own , It 's the price we workaholics have to pay , Fast walkers , The sports store ? They reward their best salespeople with an annual trip , This year it 's to Majorca , ( hostess ) Dinner ? Oh , sure , can I have a couple of whiskeys as well , please ? [ Cell phone ringing ] [ Hispanic accent ] People can be a pain , huh ? Third time since we landed , Someone misses you , Apparently , That ain 't surprising , I 'm already missing you , and we haven 't even said goodbye yet , [ Cell phone ringing ] [ Chattering ] [ Speaking a foreign language ] ( David ) In a world where scientists vie to produce the first human clone and entire populations can be annihilated without even a brick being damaged , the question Is , is it still possible to write science fiction ? When reality is becoming more and more like a story that has been hatched from the twisted mind of one of my fellow authors , It seems reality Is extremely eager to put the rest of us out of a job , But I 'm not gonna let that happen , I can 't let that happen after 25 novels , I still enjoy what I 'm doing , I love the process , People ask me where my Ideas come from , And it 's not unlike an illness , And what I mean by that is , uh , you open a window or , uh , let 's say you 're taking the subway , where you expose yourself to virus , Likewise in my life , uh , I can be infected by things around me , It could be a TV program , I could overhear a conversation and think , " Oh , that 's interesting , " Or I could ... I mean , sometimes it 's , um , just a single image will suffice for the virus to , uh , to enter my organism and , um , start to grow and pretty ... pretty soon , It 's taken over my whole ... body , And then , before I know it , uh , the only way to escape , Is to write the damn book , Even if it means , along the way , I created a few monsters , I 've been involved in public utilities for 30 years , well , 32 , to be exact , working for the Los Angeles water authority , Wow , that 's a lot of years , A lot of water , [ Chattering ] A pleasure meeting you , if you 'll excuse me , Oh ! Your pen , Yes ! I just ... always ... thank you , ( British male voice ) Could I borrow you for a second ? Yeah , borrow away , As you can see , I 'm an old fan , [ Womars laughter ] I 've been a follower of yours since the beginning , 1979 , Yes , first edition , I don 't even think I have a copy like this , You , you want me to sign it again ? Oh , would you ? It 's your finest work , Let me tell you a secret , I was 20 when I wrote this , The structure is clumsy , the style changes every chapter , the characters are rehashed from books I read , I should know , I wrote it , Oh , not so ! It 's your most personal work , Full of passion , intuition , suffering , Suffering , yes ! Oh , you got that right , I n those days , all I ate was biscuits stolen from the neighbor 's dog , I should 've dedicated this book to that dog , I fear my comments have upset you , No , no , not at all , Why should they ? It seems everyone believes that I 'll never write anything better , so I just resign myself , [ Male voice speaking a foreign language ] That 's very good , Excuse me , It 's Aunt Jo , seems very worried , Aunt Jo is looking after our kids , five of them , uh , all adopted , each from a different continent , well , apparently , Nanook , our little Eskimo , had a slight mishap sledding down the stairs , so , unfortunately , we must ... I 'm really sorry , Just put Nanook on the phone , Excuse us , ( David ) Hey , little buddy ! [ Foreign language ] Aunt Jo , five kids , and one of them 's an Eskimo ? Yes , little Nani Nanook , We can 't forget him , What was that about ? It must mean something , I never heard myself ever talk about kids , ever , Not even in fun , So it 's probably just a very complicated , uh , way of wanting to ask you a very simple question , [ Sigh ] What 's that ? Will you marry me ? Now , you don 't have to answer now , just , you , take your time , but ... promise me you 'll think it over , I will , Okay , That 's all , just , you know , think it ... that 's all , just ... we 'll leave it at that , All right , I lied , you gotta tell me now " yes , " What if I say " no ? " Yeah , and what if I jumped off a cliff ? ( male voice ) Excuse me , I hope I 'm not Interrupting , Interrupting ? No , not at all , No , not at all , I just asked her to marry me , Congratulations to both of you , Thank you , Well , the President of the Foundation hopes the hotel is to your liking , He also asked me to give you this small gift on his behalf , He deeply regrets having to dash off , He said you 'd understand , Thank you , What 's that about ? Ever been to a party and thrown your drink in the host 's face ? That 's what I did before , Okay , uh , now ... Yes ! ( David ) What kind of fancy hotel Is this ? No wedding chapel , It 's an outrage , We should suel [ chuckles ] You just passed our room ! Did you just see that guy ? That was the same guy slitting next to you at the conference , There 's nobody there , I 'm telling you it 's the same guy , Do you realize you were sitting next to a Russian hitman ? You 're kidding me ? You don 't think murderers read books ? These guys , okay , they have skulls tattooed on each of their fingers signifying how many murders they 've committed , right ? It 's a Russian prison code kind of thing , M mm , Oh , yeah ! Don 't you ever let up ? Even on a night like this , Wait , Give me five minutes , I wanna slip into something more comfortable , I 'll give you two minutes or I 'm gonna start without you , Just you try it , [ Sigh ] H m , [ Beep ] What are you doling ? Oh , there was a D VD on the bed , It 's intended for me , You 're not gonna watch it right now , are you ? It 'll just be a second , I just wanna see what it is , I 'm curious , I get the strangest things from people , One time I got a photo of a green ear with the word " Mars " written underneath it , What do you think of that ? Fascinating , Look , See , See ? I don 't know what it is , but my readers are prone to lunacy , They were probably sane before they read your books , [ Phone rings ] I 'll tell you what , They 've outdone themselves this time , [ Squeaking ] [ Screaming ] [ Monkey whimpers ] Must be some kind of a hoax , Jane , I should call the front desk and tell them to be more careful , I mean , what if it had been a bomb or something ? Jane ? Jane , I 'm sorry , I shouldn 't have put that damn thing on , Jane ? Jane ? Jane ? [ Indistinct shouting ] [ Female voice screams ] [ Electronic music ] ( dj speaking Spanish ) Like a ride on my plaything ? ( Silvia ) I 'll drive Over my dead body [ cell phone ringing ] For God 's sake , Kevin , give me a break , [ Beep ] [ Chattering ] Coffee In The Kitchen , I 'll Call You Later , Okay ? [ Cell phone rings ] Drop it , would you ? Which of those words don 't you understand ? [ Heather Nova singling Gloomy Sunday over the phone ] # Sunday Is gloomy # Kevin ? # My hours Are slumber less # # Dearest the shadows # Hey , what 's all this about ? # I live with Are numberless # If this is you , I don 't find it funny , [ Beep ] # Not where The black coach # # Of sorrow Has taken you # # Angels have no thought # # Of ever returning you # # Would they be angry # # If I thought of Joining you # # Gloomy Sunday # # Gloomy Sunday # # With shadows I spend It all # # My heart and I # # Have decided to end It all # # Soon they 'll be candles # # And prayers that are sad , I know # # Let them not weep # [ very loud thud ] [ Screams ] [ Breathing and heartbeats ] [ Periodic beeping ] Any idea why she may have done it ? Did she leave a note explaining her motives ? If you 're talking ... suicide , she had no reason t ... to ... But there are two witnesses in the hotel who saw her jump , You were admitted with a serious concussion , but these scans didn 't show up anything unusual , I don 't remember a thing about what happened , Well , you might within the next few days or maybe never , Whatever the case , you 're a very lucky young lady , You 've been re-born , So , what happens now ? Can I go ? You 'll have to see the psychologist first , It 's usual in cases like yours , According to your analysis , you 'd taken several substances , Delirium , amnesia , respiratory problems , the effects of the Ketaminydro chloride that was in your bloodstream , Do you have a problem with drugs ? Listen , I 'm no pill popper , Okay ? I didn 't jump , I got into the shower , and the next thing I know I was in a hospital , So if you weren 't drugged , and nobody pushed you , what did happen ? [ Phone rings ] Excuse me , Yes ? ( female voice over phone ) The supervisor needs to see you , It 's urgent , Okay , Will you excuse me for a minute ? Yeah , ( man speaking Spanish ) Thirty six years old and she jumps off a balcony , What do you suppose was going through her mind ? That 's the last form , It 's for the insurance , We 'll take care of the coffin from the Consulate , Though it 'll take a while to get her repatriated , They still have to do an autopsy , They say you can see the body before you leave , if you ... want , No , I 'd rather not , Could I have another one of those forms , please ? [ Scream ] [ Phone rings ] [ Whimpers ] ( male speaking Spanish ) Anyway You 're already dead , [ Knock at door ] ( male voice ) Senorita , your taxi is here , [ Soft whimpering ] Senorita ? L ... I go get some help , I 'll be right back ! [ Whimpering ] ( speaking Spanish ) Her pupils are dilated , She 's on something , You 'll be fine In no time , We 're taking you to the hospital , I 'm not going to the hospital ! I 'm out of here ! ( female voice ) Sir ? Sir ? Excuse me , You 're next , Well , can I change it ? Sorry , you won 't be traveling tonight , This is an economy class ticket , No exchangeable , But there must be some way ! You have to buy another ticket , ( employee ) It 's terminal three , Gate D 69 , Have a nice flight , M r , Norton , There are ... some seats available on the 11 : 30 flight , Yeah ? But only first class , The ticket costs 5500 euros , I can 't afford that , I can try tourist class for tomorrow , I don 't want a ticket for tomorrow ! I want out of here now ! Please ... calm ... down , How do you expect me to calm down ? They 're trying to kill me ! ( employee ) Security , please , Window 4 , What are you doing ? Who are you calling ? Hey ! Hey I Hey ! Hey , wait ! Hey ! wait I Remember me ? I need your help , I 've got to get out of here ! I 'm sorry ... I was in the hospital , In the next bed , don 't you remember ? She was your wife , Wasn 't she ? What ? She jumped as well , They want me to believe I jumped , but it 's not true ! They 're trying to kill me ! [ Many screams ] [ Screaming and shouting ] ( male voice shouts ) He jumped I Young Woman Saved By Cafe Awning Biker Killed Driving In The Wrong Direction [ thunder of a plane ] Are you feeling better ? Yeah , But my head 's about to burst , Thanks for yesterday , Well , I ... I mean , I wasn 't gonna leave you like that , Not after what happened , Yeah , What 's your name ? Silvia , I 'm the girl saved by the awning , David , You 're the writer , Got a cigarette ? I must have seemed completely out of it yesterday , To be honest , I 'm not even sure what has happened , Well , you said Jane didn 't kill herself , I said that ? I know I didn 't jump out of that window , But I have no idea what really happened , ( male voice ) We 'll have a duplicate of your stolen passports sent to the hotel this afternoon , Thank you , I just need to get you to sign this form , please , What about what we just told you ? Do you think we should go to the Police ? I 'd advise against It , They 're unlikely to believe you unless you come up with something more specific , More specific than eight suicides In three days ? Two , actually , The others were deaths under mysterious circumstances , You 're forgetting about the man who attacked me at my hotel , You didn 't report it to the Police , I wasn 't In a fit state to talk to anybody , I just wanted to get out of there , The article on your fall mentions the intake of narcotics , Oh , yeah , I get it , I 'm trying to make you see what the Police will think , At least , if someone else in the hotel had seen that man , but , uh , that 's , uh , that 's not the case , Is it ? Listen , now , the guy who left that disk In my hotel room is the same guy who robbed me at the airport , Now , I 'm sure of that , The , uh , tattooed hitman , Now you can scoff at it all you want , but the point Is , I saw it , I know what the tattoos represent on his fist , And he 's the same man who robbed me , and he 's the same man who slipped that piece of paper in my pocket , Not a figment of my imagination , I 'm not making it up ... Mr , Norton , um ... you 've just been through a very traumatic experience , Couldn 't you have put this in your pocket and not known it ? Let 's go , All right , we 're gonna go to the Police , Do you think you can give them an accurate description of this guy ? Why , for Christ 's sake ? Everybody has branded me as a fucking junkie , Even the newspapers , Who 's gonna believe anything I say ? Nobody gives a shit about what happened or that some fucking nutcase told me I was dead already , Can you describe this guy ? Of course I can , He was this far away ! Okay , okay , so , describe him , What ? You don 't believe me either ? That 's just great ! Listen , Silvia , Nobody 's in a hurry to believe me , Now remember , I am on your side , Let 's do this together , okay ? I can see him , but I just can 't put it into words , Try , try , try , He was ... run of the mill , ordinary ... You 're the writer , not me , It helps sometimes , when I 'm trying to build a character , take a look around at the people , like that guy , Over there , drinking the beer , No , he was slim , All right , let 's find somebody else who 's slim and reminds you of him , And then we 'll build the face like a jigsaw puzzle , Just take a look around , [ Villon playing ] Silvia ? There was music , What ? Before it all happened , I was in the shower and I answered the phone , then I heard music , And then I began to feel bad , That 's the last thing I remember before I woke up in the hospital , Who was on the phone ? I don 't know , But a name flashed up on my cell phone , Where 's your cell phone ? It 's gonna be in the memory , Charlie , [ Buzz ] ( neighbor in Spanish ) If you 're ringing the 3rd floor you won 't get an answer , There 's nobody at home ? The boy who lived there was killed yesterday in a bike accident , They say he was driving up the wrong side of the highway , Silvia , so listen , there 's no coincidence here , We 're dealing with bits and pieces that make up a bigger puzzle , And if the phone call had anything to do with it , it means Jane probably received it as well , It had to have been the last number , What is it ? It 's the same call , Are you sure ? Yeah , Gloomy Sunday , And that music , that woman singing ? It 's a song title , Some Hungallant wrote It , He ended up taking the big leap , Others had the same Idea , It seems , The song had a strange effect on them , How come you know so much about it ? Because as a kid It obsessed me , So much so , I made it the title of my first novel , In my novel , everyone gets an implant at birth , A State-controlled device that when activated , drives people to suicide , Meaning that the State can eliminate whoever it wants without getting its hands dirty , Those people against the system , they simply wipe themselves out , They call it self-elimination , Sound , uh , familiar ? Sounds like pure fiction , ( female voice ) Where are you going ? Where 's your boss ? I mean , the President of the Vernon Foundation , the man who brought me to this island , I wanna speak to him , There must be some mistake , The villa is rented out for events , If you would like information on who books the villa ... you can 't go in there ! [ Jazz music ] Same handwriting , [ Cheering ] [ Music and shouting ] Now what ? Now we wait , He 's calling the shots , You think if they knew they were gonna die tomorrow , they 'd give a shit about that stupid game ? You 're not gonna die tomorrow , But this might be my last beer , Yes , or mine or anyone else 's , I 'm sorry , I 'm overreacting , It 's just that it seems as if everyone around me ends up dying , I 'm still here , Is that him ? Yeah , wait here , My dear fellow , you can 't imagine how glad I am to see you again , The other night , we weren 't even properly introduced , Frank Kovak , Please , sit down , I imagine you 're tired of listening to people who approach you with the same Intention , However , I 'm convinced that this will interest you , What Is it ? To quote the expression that you yourself used at the conference , a virus , The germ of a great story , So you 've brought me all this way to pitch me a story , I understand your surprise , But this is not just any story , It 's something quite new , The opportunity that every writer dreams of having someday , Tell me something , What is the connection between Gloomy Sunday and what 's been happening on the island ? Do you really not know ? Unfortunately , all wars have their casualties , Give me one good fucking reason not to tear your head off ! You and that girl make a fine couple , don 't you think ? What are you getting at ? Her last beer , It could be now , Tomorrow , The day after , Fear , That 's the key , If those who rebel against the system , end up killing themselves , the rest will then toe the line , That idea is from your book , What I wrote was a story , Our imagination Is never Innocent , David , From the moment you start to imagine it , it began to exist , Self-elimination , There you have it , Your prophecy fulfilled , For over 50 years , the world has lived in peace , thanks to a bomb , Now , It will do so , thanks to you , To us , One could say that you 're the real father of this project , Although getting to this point , has not by any means , been easy , The world Is full of bureaucrats and gray people who need to see to believe , They don 't want theories , They require proof , And I 'm not talking about tests done on animals , What are you ? You need to ponder things , And understand , Then we 'll be ready to help each other , Only then , [ Cheering ] Oh , hey , Get a load of this , Frank Kovak , the untold story , Half a century of dubious achievements , Born In Hungary , 1935 , Three brothers but only he survived the war , after which he and his parents emigrated to America , Now , a gifted student , scholarship to Harvard , 1957 , and then he graduated first In his class , thanks to a highly praised experiment , The Kovak Box , It consisted of a maze In which a rat 's behavior was conditioned by a series of stimuli and deterrents , At the time , It was considered the biggest breakthrough In behavioral research since Pavlov 's dog , His future could not have been brighter , until this newspaper here published a photo of him doling the same experiments applying It to human beings , There was a scandal , The academic world turned their back on him , but the CIA , they got their hands on him , and they offered him unlimited means to continue the same exact experiments , all very hush-hush , though , How could they photograph such a thing ? In 1979 , my first book , Gloomy Sunday , was published , In 1980 , Kovak started what he called the Gloomy Sunday Project , However , certain facts came to light about the consequences that these experiments had on various people , resulting In the families of 12 , uh , victims suing the federal government , So the CIA , they needed a scapegoat , Kovak , he fled the country , But he starts over from scratch doling the same stuff for other governments , until three years ago , he was diagnosed with a brain tumor , At which point , he retired and moved to this Island , At his last checkup , his doctors told him that he had six months to a year to live , We have to take all this to the Police , No , no , no ! You have to understand , this is evidence that implicates him directly , Do you think he would 've given us all this stuff if he didn 't think that he could get rid of us just like that ? So what do I do ? Sit around doing nothing , until he decides whether I live or die ? We 're not gonna do anything to put you into danger , Don 't you see ? He 's using me to make you do what he wants , What do you mean ? How ? He wants you to write his biography , I 'm afraid it 's got to be a lot more twisted than that , If not , then why did he kill Jane ? [ Phone rings ] Hello ? ( female voice ) Sorry to disturb you , but we need to know If you are extending your stay with us , I can 't say right now , [ Door closes ] Silvia ! [ Thud ] Hello ? Hello ? Silvia ! Silvia ! Ohh ! ( cabdriver In Spanish ) Any particular Police Station ? The nearest one , [ Cell phone rings ] Hello ? No , I 'm with a fare right now but we can meet up later If you like , [ Speaks Spanish ] Hey you 're breaking up , I 'm losing the signal , [ Horn honks ] Can you believe that ? [ Heather Nova singing Gloomy Sunday ] Turn the radio off , ( cabdriver ) What 's wrong ? Calm down I [ driver speaks Spanish ] [ Cars honking ] [ Many cars honking ] Silvia ! ( David ) You didn 't have your cell phone with you , Do you remember how It began ? Yeah , That music suddenly came on the radio and then ... I just wanted everything to be over , It was like I was in a deep hole , I was scared , I couldn 't breathe , What have they done to me ? I think there might be a way of finding out , ( doctor ) It shouldn 't take long now for a body to be repatriated , A couple of days at the most , Did they find anything inside her ? You mean , traces of alcohol or drugs of some sort ? No , like an object , a device , Inside her , I know it sounds odd but something tiny like a microchip that they use to ID pets , track animals , My autopsy did not come up with anything that could explain what she did , I guess that 's what you want , An explanation , What about her brain ? Was It analyzed ? There was no reason , There could have been an absence of serotonin , low levels of serotonin , Induced depression , so a complete absence could have caused suicide , right ? I can 't think what would cause that sort of imbalance In the brain , Well , If antidepressants exist , then the opposite would be ... A depressant ? Mm , feasible , I guess but ... who 'd be Interested In producing something like that ? ( Silvia ) David , Could you , uh , just wait outside for me for a few minutes ? I 'd like to be alone with her , If that 's okay , Sure , Take your time , ( male doctor In Spanish ) The Incision to open up the entire front part of the body Is usually made In the form of a " Y " , From the shoulders to an angle at mid chest level , Which then joins Into a straight line that extends all the way to the pubis , David ! Silvia ! I 've seen him ! The man who attacked me is here ! Careful , It 's him ! I 'm sure of it ! He 's one of the coroners , He 's giving a lecture down the hallway , Don 't move , I need to see something , Do you remember ever getting vaccinated back here ? Why ? What is it ? Okay , um , just look , Okay , do you see ? Do you see ? Yeah , At least we know where they put it , Take it out ! What are you doing ? No , no , no ! Silvia , listen ! It could hemorrhage , Only a surgeon can take it out , If you won 't do it , I 'll do it myself ! Silvia , listen to me , You could kill yourself , He said I was dead already , This is what he was after , He wanted to cut it out , Agh ! ( David ) Get in the car ! Go ! You work for Kovak ? Kovak ? Who 's Kovak ? So you never heard of a man named Kovak ? You never met me either ? What is it you remove from the necks of dead bodies ? [ Swish ] Please ! Be careful with that ! All right , tell me everything you know , I only know one person A tall man , A Russian ? Maybe , A friend of mine introduced us , I owed people money and he offered to pay my debts if I did a job for him ! What job ? Remove something from certain corpses , He knew I worked at the morgue , He knew everything about me , I had to take this thing out before we did the autopsy and give it to him , He gave me a list , A list of dead bodies ? No , they 're not dead , Not at first , but one by one they end up in the morgue , It 's a list of people who are going to die , What about me ? Why did you attack me ? I wasn 't dead ! I needed to earn more money ! I thought if I could hang on to one of those things , I could blackmail them ! She survived , but her name was on the list ! Where 's the list ? There 's everything , The ones crossed off are the ones who have already reached the morgue , They asked me to take photos of all of those Involved , ( David ) There must be over 100 names on this list , ( Silvia ) Including mine , [ Speaks Spanish ] ( female In Spanish ) Paul , come here , I 'm sorry I didn 't hear you come in I was in the kitchen , Don 't worry Hanna , Will they be staying for dinner ? Leave everything , take the night off , I 've put the child to bed , Do as I say and leave ! Come here , come to daddy , Now please go , My wife will be arriving in a minute , She doesn 't know anything about this , No , you must remove the thing from her neck , It 's impossible Those things activate if you try to manipulate them ! David , look ! He has a mark ! You have your list , Please leave us alone Those people are threatening me , Why ? If I don 't do the job properly , my son and I ... will end up like those other bodies , You lied to us , You couldn 't blackmail them with that thing in your neck , What did you plan to do to me ? If I 'd managed to extract it without harming you , I could 've done the same for my son , So you give us this list , What do you think they 're gonna do when they find out ? Okay ... okay , I 'll tell you the truth , There 's no point in us working against each other , They told me to give you the list , They wanted you to have It , What ? They warned me that you were coming to the morgue , I was supposed to let myself be seen and hand It over , They wanted you to believe that you were making me do It , Why ? Who knows why ? They promised that ... that if I played my role well , they would disconnect this damned thing permanently , How could they have known we were on our way to the morgue ? Because they 're always one step ahead , They 're always with us in some way , A microphone , There has to be something we 're carrying on us , There has to be , Then they heard us , [ Door closes ] Where are they ? Papa , ( David ) Open the door , [ pounding ] Open the door I Open the door ! Your child 's out here Open the door [ beeping ] [ Shout ] [ Breaking glass ] Get him out of here , Open the door now I [ shouts ] [ Thuds ] ( woman speaks Spanish ) I 'm home , Take it easy , the child is ok , Who are you ? ( David ) Nooooo ! Jaume ? I 'm sorry , There was nothing I could do , What have you done ? He tried to remove it , It activates , just like in the novel , Even that was my idea , Remember at the hospital ? When you were sitting with Jane , looking at her ? No one 's ever looked at me that way , Could you give me a hug ? I haven 't got a hope in hell , have I ? ( Jaume ) They told me to give you the list , They wanted you to have It , Silvia , that list , why make that poor sucker play a role in order for us to have the list ? He was a character in the book , Yeah , but this isn 't a book , It 's reality , No , no , but it 's ... it 's ... it 's reality manipulated for dramatic effect , Just like a novel , He doesn 't want a biography , He wants me to write about everything that 's happened on the island since I arrived , What are you talking about ? This list , this piece of paper , this has information , This is gonna take us to the next chapter , He wanted us to have it , Just like the song or the beer mat , You see ? Now he could 've got straight to the point but he wants us to live an adventure , What for ? To force me to live a story , Make it grow inside my head , I 've been inoculated , I 'm being inoculated with a virus , slowly , He said so himself , Do you really think that what you 're saying makes any sense ? Pure fiction ? Kovak ! Frank Kovak ! I want to see Frank Kovak ! Bring me to Frank Kovak ! See ? There they are , Come on , Now , listen , Listen , I 'm gonna get you out of here , but you have to trust me , Come on , Mr , Norton , Pleasure to meet you , Mr , Kovak told us you 'd be coming today , Would you excuse us , please ? I 'll be okay , Yeah ? ( man in suit ) I hope you 'll find everything to your satisfaction , Your luggage arrived this morning , You 'll have all the peace and quiet you need here to write your book , Mr , Kovak especially requested that we prepare one of our bungalows for you , We don 't usually accommodate " healthy " guests , so to speak , but In your case , we 've made an exception , Mr , Kovak can be very persuasive , And of course , it 's an honor for us to be an inspiration to you , Oh , I nearly forgot , The keys to your car , You 'll find it parked outside , He 's in the middle of a session at the moment , It 's rather irregular , but Mr , Kovak insisted on speaking with you as soon as you arrived , [ Beeping ] [ Footsteps ] Thank you for coming , How much time have you got left ? The important thing is , the time you have left , A long , highly successful life from this moment on , Do you realize the gift I 'm giving you ? A true story that is pure science fiction , recounted by its protagonist , You , Something so gripping that people will not be able to put the book down until the last page , M m-hm , It does sound like the story of a monster , Write it that way , No one is stopping you , I 'll be what you want me to be , I 'm in your hands , Let her go , and I 'll make you a saint , I know how to do this , See , what we 'll do is we 'll tell the true story of Frank Kovak , the brilliant scientist who fell in love with his new homeland , But he was made to do their dirty work , He went a few steps too far , his masters abandoned him , there was no turning back , That 's a story , That 's a story , you see , because , then who is the monster , and who is the victim ? Do you really believe what you 're saying ? It doesn 't matter what I believe as long as I can write it , That 's the problem , David , It 's sometime now since you stopped believing In what you do , If you really want to write a great book , you must agonize over every page No true artist has ever reached his goal , without going through hell , No , you see , If you want the book to be a success , you have to give the public what they want , So you 'll have to provide a final act of redemption , Ahhh , The happy ending , After going through hell , the hero kills the monster , Would that not be happy enough for them ? What are you getting at ? You have to kill me , David , It 's the logical thing to do , After all , I killed Jane , just to get you to join the game , Doesn 't it make your blood boil just thinking about it ? She seemed to be someone special ... Shut up , You might have shared many things together , Shut up , Maybe for the rest of your lives , [ Choking ] Here you can see , killing Is not so strange , Ah ! You 'd like that , wouldn 't you ? Tell me something , When did it all change for you ? When did you stop experimenting with monkeys and start killing people ? There , Now you 're looking for the character , I 'm no saint , David , I don 't need people to love me , That 's not my role , You would do it , wouldn 't you ? You would give your life to leave a mark on the world even as a murderer , But not just any murderer , This very afternoon , a hundred people will take their lives , It will be headline news the world over , The best publicity any book ever had , I promise you , No , A hundred people will die , unless you prevent it , You must act , We must maintain the excitement to the very end , Where is she ? You promised you 'd get her out of here , Silvia ! You wouldn 't want to lose the girl again , would you ? ( David ) Silvia [ breathing ] [ Sparking ] ( David ) It 's the passenger list , ( hostess ) We 'll be serving dinner shortly , ( Kovak ) A hundred people will die unless you prevent It , [ Cheering and clapping ] ( man with cap ) Let 's get a nice picture now , Here we go , everyone , Ready ? Look at me , Cheese , [ Many ] Cheese ! ( David ) Yes , I need to know the number for the Fast Walkers ( female voice ) I can look It up for you but I don 't believe they 'll be answering their phone today , It 's the 4th of July , Sunday , July 4th , gloomy Sunday , Excuse me ? Okay , would you give me the number of the Majorca Tourist Information ? ( guide ) Get to the boats , please , The tour 's about to begin , Thanks , Gracias , Ooh ! [ Distant music ] [ Loud music ] ( many , admiringly ) Ohh , Ahh ! Agh ! [ Screeching tires ] The Fast Walkers Convention ? Yes , they are here but they 've gone out , Where ? Where ? Check the activities board , What ? Over there , ( guide ) This way , please , Straight over there , The caves of hell , Ladies and gentlemen , welcome to Hell , [ Loud organ music ] ( many ) Wow ! Hey ! Hey ! ( tour guide ) There are 70 meters from the entrance to the bottom over there , on the right , ( tourist ) Hey , there 's someone down there What did you say ? There 's a girl ! [ Tires screeching ] ( David ) Will you just listen to me ? You 've got to get to the caves now ! What ? Well , what kind of cop are you ? Get off your ass and do your fucking job ! Easy , easy does it , Careful , she 's hurt , She didn 't fall over the handrail , She would 've killed herself , What happened ? How 'd you end up down there ? They put me in a hole , ( female voice ) Just a minute , I know her , Do you remember me ? We were on the same plane , Kathy ? Yes , dear , It 's me , What is it , honey ? They 're gonna kill us ! ( man ) Who ? What ? She said they 're gonna kill us ! [ Indistinct voices ] Bastard , Where are they going ? We 've got to get out of here , Don 't worry , I won 't leave you till you 're okay again , ( guide in Spanish ) We 've found a girl in the cave , she is pretty shaken up , Seems she had an accident Call for an ambulance ... copy ? ( Kathy ) Here , let me , My brother has a fishing boat in Florida , Okay , Kate , you try it , Here we go , The thing 's out of petrol , No , surely not , [ Indistinct ] [ Heather Nova singling Gloomy Sunday from a distance ] # Sunday Is gloomy # # My hours are slumber less # [ guide , talking ] What is it , Roy ? I can 't breathe , There 's no air , Start the motor ! Quick ! [ Motor starts ] Cart it go any faster ? Take it easy , It won 't go any faster , [ Music continues distantly ] [ Motor sputters out ] Christ ! ( Kathy ) Goddamn boats , Under the water ! We have to get under the water ! Jump ! He 's just arrived , ( Kathy , choking ) What are you doing ... ! # Dearest , the shadows # # I live with are numberless # [ radio static ] # Not where the black ... # ( guide , Indistinct ) ( guide ) Hey , what are you doling ? Get off of there [ screaming ] [ Music , Indistinct ] # Would they be angry ... # Do you see her ? I don 't know ! Why doesn 't she come up ? [ Motor starts up ] Drop your gun and put your hands up , Stand up very slowly , Take it easy ! It was me who called ! Drop your gun drop the gun , No ! I didn 't kill him ! [ Screams ] ( guide , over radio ) Help ! they 're going crazy , I need to speak to them , I need the walkie-talkie ! [ Speaks Spanish ] Do not move ! Are you there ? Help , they 're all jumping Into the pit , Cart you hear them ? Hold it ... wait I Stop [ loud gunshot ] [ Screams ] [ Guide speaks Spanish over radio ] [ Screams ] [ Music ] What 's that ? ( man In boat ) Can you hear that ? # Gloomy Sunday # # Dreaming # # I was only dreaming # [ screams ] Maybe we should get outside and get help , # Gloomy Sunday # # With shadows I spend It all # # My heart and I # # Have decided to end It all # # Soon there 'll be ... # [ silence ] [ Whimpering ] [ Distant voice , Indistinct ] Hey ! Hey ! Where are the others ? Hey ! Where are the others ? ! [ Sirens ] ( female reporter ) Bodies are still being discovered , although so far , there are only seven survivors , six of whom are In a state of shock , If the testimony of the guide who accompanied the group can be corroborated , this horror could well be confirmed as an inexplicable case of collective suicide , [ Indistinct ] ( David ) Excuse me , ( male rescuer ) Please sir , you shouldn 't be here , Remember a girl with long brown hair ? Right now , it 's impossible to look at anyone , Why don 't you speak to the Police ? [ Speaking Spanish ] [ Male speaks French ] [ Speaking Spanish ] [ Speaking Spanish ] [ Female reporter speaking German ] ( David ) It 'll be headline news the world over , You 're here , Somewhere , Near the blood , [ Distant TV reporter ] ( female voice ) This Is Kim Hughes , reporting live from the Caves of Hell , We will continue to give you updates throughout the night , I can imagine how you must be feeling at the moment , Up to now , your performance hasn 't been too brilliant , David , First , Jane , Then , Silvia , [ Gun cocking ] Come on , No one will blame you for this , I deserve what you 're going to do , What are you waiting for ? No , I 'll tell you what you deserve , You deserve to suffer , A slow agonizing death while that tumor grows inside your head , It 'll get to you , You know it will , That 's what you deserve , [ Gun unlocking ] One day , you 're gonna get up and you won 't remember how to use a fork , I 'm not gonna be your easy way out , What do you think will happen , when all those bodies are repatriated ? This time the autopsies will give them the key , They 'll take a mere few days to catch up on what I took years to discover , And then they 'll use it , Have no doubt about that , There 's only one person who can raise the alarm about what 's coming , You , David , Mm , But I 'm not going to , You want me to make you a legend , So , what are you going to do ? Sit at home , counting the dead ? That book Is your opportunity to do something , If you don 't write it , it will become a cancer gnawing away inside of you , You have a consciences , David , You couldn 't live with something like that , Do you really think that you have a choice ? [ Gun cocking ] Maybe you 're right , I don 't think I could live with that , You 're not going to do it , And how can you stop me ? She 's not dead , She 's still alive , You 're lying , Have I ever lied to you ? Something that can be activated , can also be deactivated , Have you seen her body ? Think for a moment , It would have been stupid of me to waste my trump card , I assure you she 's alive , Kill me or she 'll die , You know I 'll do it , You have to choose between me and her , Oh , come on , David Stop thinking and act for once , You haven 't ... [ gunshot ] ( Kim ) Another survivor has just been found at the lake , making It now a total of eight people recovered alive , though the number of dead stands at ...
