 My dad ... My dad is a police officer .. He is strong , kind , and like a superhero . He helps those who get lost or lose something . He works really hard for everyone . I would like to become a police officer , just like my dad . Hey . The criminal is Koji Tanaka , age 29 . Previous convictions for robbery and abduction . He 's kidnapped and held a female passer-by captive . He has barricaded himself in an abandoned building . There is no time to consider the circumstances ! Those of you in the riot squad , don 't go easy and please kill him off ! Divine punishment ! Secured ! It 's an engineer ! Ruka , it 's an engineer ! Tokyo Gore Police The police force of Tokyo has been privatized , Tokyo Police Special Riot Squad Osamu Mifune Squad Leader We will protect you . The crime extra-territoriality law is our ally . We have no mercy for criminals . Serial killer Yoshiki Takahashi Murdered 15 kindergarten children We will protect you . Tokyo Police Corporation . Serial killer Yoshiki Takahashi Dead Privatizing the police will lead to more plentiful lives for us . For a better society Tokyo Police Corporation Ruka always shows no mercy . She 's definitely a model hunter .. There 's no mistake . This one is definitely an engineer .. Within these past few year 's ... These so called " engineers , " criminals who have remodeled their bodies to turn into ferocious , fiendish murderers , have increased in numbers . An engineer 's main characteristic is that when they 're wounded , their wounds become a dangerous weapon . Also ... a key-shaped tumor is always found within the body . To kill an engineer , you have to destroy or sever that piece from the body . Where did they come from ? What is their objective ? The only thing that is clear is that I have the duty to hunt them . Because I am a police officer , an " engineer hunter .. " Privatizing the police will lead to more plentiful lives for us . Tokyo Police Corporation . Privatizing the police will lead to more plentiful lives for us . Tokyo Police Corporation . Privatizing the police will lead to more plentiful lives for us . Tokyo Police Corporation . Bar independant Welcome . What would you like ? Orange juice . I 'm on patrol . So hard-working . You 're always so serious . What happened ? You 're bleeding . Are you okay ? Let 's go to the hospital . Let 's go ! Let 's go ! What are you guys doing ? Stop wandering around ! Don 't ever come around here again . Are you okay ? Mama , are you open ? I 'll come back another time . I 'm sorry . I 'll leave . It 's okay . You have a righteous job , right ? Then you should sit here boldly . Ruka , there 's trouble ! Come back to the station immediately ! I have to go . Privatizing the police will lead to more plentiful lives for us , Privatizing the police will lead to more plentiful lives for us , For a better society Tokyo Police Corporation Tokyo Police Corporation For a better society Tokyo Police Corporation Happy birthday , Ruka ! Happy birthday ! Plus , congratulations on your . achievement of hunting 50 engineers . You have acquired a single badge . Congratulations ! Yeah ! The Shouwa seesaw , It 's a sad conclusion , If you close your eyes the flower hangs and sways , The night butterfly , Palm of the white hand on your chest , If we decorate it gently ... When my father , a police officer , died at his post , the chief of this station raised me like his own daughter .. To me , this place is the same as a home with a waiting family . It was supposed to be the same ... But ... I 'm home . I 'm home . Welcome home . Here , Ruka . Happy birthday . Thank you , Dad ! Come on , hurry . You , too . What are you saying is wrong ? What are you doing ? What are you saying is wrong with me ? It 's okay . It 's okay , so ... Please ! Please , just tell me , will you ? Let go of me ! What are you saying is wrong with me ? What are you saying is wrong with me ? It 's okay . It 's okay . Don 't worry . It 's okay . It 's okay . Calm down . Did it hurt ? It was so good . Do you want to do it again ? W-What is it ? I didn 't . This was consensual . Extension fee . Much appreciated . The next is also here at 307 . Hurry up . If it goes over , even one second , it 's an extension . I even made a " 10-minutes left " call . I was using a vibrator , so I couldn 't hear the phone vibrating . Hurry up and go ! I 'm sorry . Come on . Come on . You 're absolutely right . That doesn 't matter .. Just hurry up and pay ! Thank you for waiting . Yuka , right ? I understand . Then may I have the hotel and the time ? Okay . Okay , in 30 minutes . I understand . I will make the girl head over .. Please treat her well . Yuka , in 30 minutes , SM play . Don 't be saying you don 't want to do things that hurt . SM play is good money , and you know that . Right , right . You just have to do it . You want to do kinky stuff ? There are cuter and younger girls for that . How about Yoko ? I can call her right away . Also , from now on , please make reservations by phone . There is a website and a cell phone site too . I 'm not available . I 'm ... America Yokocho You . Yes , you . What 's up with these documents ? Commit suicide by seppuku , harakiri ! Yes , I understand . I 'll commit harakiri . If I was brave enough to stop the harakiri , then ... If I had the courage to say I couldn 't do it ... If I was able to say my own self was more important than my job ... Ah , he 's done it ! Harakiri is also suicide . Stop the Harakiri Heaven 's Punishment Incident occurrence . Scene of the crime is the Tokyo subway Miyama station . Again ... Once again , the body of a prostitute has been discovered . She was broken , cut into pieces and packed up into a small box . There wasn 't even a drop of blood at the scene of the crime , but there was testimony that they heard a security buzzer , so the location of discovery and the crime are thought to be the same . Engineer ? Yeah . With the cases so far ... . Our point of view is that engineers are generally simple berserkers and they usually don 't think of evidence or their safety . But the criminal this time is carrying on everything pretty calmly . It 's definitely the same criminal . Even though he 's an engineer , this guy is definitely trying to pick a fight . If a newcomer like that has shown up , it means he 's trouble . Ruka , we 're counting on you . Let 's go stylish with wrist-cutting . It 's cute ! The design is cute . When you cut , it doesn 't hurt that much . The blood becomes tastier .. Die ! No , no ! Wrist Cutter . G ! New product ! It 's a cutter with a cute design . It hurts ! It hurts ! I-It 's a mistake . Ouch ! It 's a mistake ! I-It 's a mistake ! It 's not me ! You have the wrong person ! I think that 's enough ! It 's not me ... ouch ! Please , it 's a mistake ! Ouch ! It really is a mistake ! Please forgive me ! It 's a mistake ! It really wasn 't me ! An act of molestation is clearly a crime . Remember ... . Everything ... It cuts well . It cuts well . The Japanese sword of Kohka . It cuts well ! It cuts well . It cuts well . The Japanese sword of Kohka . It cuts well ! It cuts well . It cuts well . The Japanese sword of Kohka . It cuts well ! I thought they stabbed each other .. There isn 't any particular . abnormality in your body . For now there 's evidence . Once you catch your breath stop by the autopsy room . Let 's go . From this part of the face , we didn 't find the key . But with this much evidence left , we should be able to identify it right away . Granted that it 's still alive after losing half of its face ... It 's definitely an engineer .. Engineers ... We have to kill them by any means . They are humanity 's new enemy . Yes , I agree . Extermination is the only answer .. What 's wrong ? Are you okay ? You should rest today . Bar lndependant Akino Miyama . Died at the age of 24 . It says that he committed suicide . Oh . His parents also died before and after that . This college ... What 's the KGE Laboratory ? That 's the laboratory this one was at , but it 's not there anymore . For now , I need the laboratory 's contact address . There are countless numbers of them in the whole country . Please print it out . Okay . Thanks . The number that you have dialed is not in service anymore and has been changed . The new number is ... I 'm sorry , but please check the number again and redial ... KGE Laboratory Branch Locations Listing Fly to the right , Fly to the left , Fly south , Fly north , Go away ... Go away ... Go away ... I am an able eulogist ... About Megumi 's disappearance no one knows , Are your siblings , family and friends safe ? Are they exposed to the threat of a madman ? This is not fiction , For those of you that cried yourselves to sleep , you can relax now . Remote execution . The government is the ally of the victim . Government Information The volcano erupted , and the rain of ash poured down . The snow of death falls and accumulates . Everything is buried under rubbish . Akino Miyama Akino Miyama Like ruins ... Like ruins ... Just like this town of cruelty ... How everything is going to be buried ... Ruka Ruka Am I also going to be buried ? Am I also going to be buried ? Haruka Yoshioka Recorded by : Akino Miyama Subject : Haruka Yoshioka There is something I need you to look into . Haruka Yoshioka . Find all apartments under the name Haruka Yoshioka in the last 10 years . Haruka Yoshioka Address Listing Ah , so tired . I can 't do all-nighters anymore . Hey ! Is anyone here ? At times like this , I wish I had speed . This feels so good . It soaks into my body . I wish I had never. been born . You guys ... If you 're going to end up like me , then die while you can ! For our future . Now recruiting police officers . Tokyo Police Corporation . At the show hut the light comes on , It 's what that child put in , Hanaichimonme , I don 't understand words , I cannot hear you , If you are lonely , you should come eat some tsuruko , If you are lonely , you should come eat some sushiko , A moon with wrinkles cuts through the night , With the dripping device it draws the red down , The hide and seek that child was watching , There is a night that you don 't know , Let 's gather flowers Hanaichimonme , I bare your secret , Did you forget the gold fish 's eyes ? My feelings , do you know them ? Come on , let 's fight with soldiers , Number 31 . 69 ! Thank you . In use In use We will be starting human body-restructuring surgery . What ! Hey , hey ! What ! No ! Stop ! Stop ! You like being chewed on , right ? Take this . You will become one of us . Welcome to the world of engineers . Haruka Yoshioka Address Listing Old lady bit my leg and it 's satisfied , Older brother licked me , so my eye has a sty , Are you really going to do it ? Yeah , I 'm going to do it , That guy made me incomplete , For a better society Tokyo Police Corporation That guy made me into the devil , Before the night ends ... Before I fall to hell ... With a red light bulb dangling , Let 's go out , Let 's go kill , Pomegranate tastes like blood , tastes like sin , We are incomplete lemons , The two of us makes one whole lemon , Yesterday , the bird that I had as a pet died spitting out blood , Its small beak was dyed red , without knowing the sky , it died , Where did my little bird go ? Where did my purity go ? A canary that forgot its song , A canary that lost its virginity , Let 's throw them away to the back mountain , I know about Hirohito , that you are not a virgin , I know , You slept with Masako , You slept with Old Lady Matsuki , You slept with Anesa , I know , What is resistance ? You and I shall never be tied together , You are useless ! From here on we 're going to have an engineer hunt ! If they are even a little suspicious , kill them all without mercy ! All of them ! It took quite a while . Congratulations . Come on , come on ... Here , sit down . The man with a license to kill A long time ago , there was a man with a license to kill . He was a sniper for the police , and his shots never missed the target . Once , he aimed from the summit of Mt . Fuji . Once , he aimed from Tokyo Tower .. He was able to kill the criminals every time . The moment the criminal 's eyeballs fluttered in the air . , the man savored a supreme sensation . Even to a man like this , there was a family . He had a wife and a young boy . One day , another order to kill came to him . The target this time was a criminal who barricaded himself inside a building . The man resigned . He was barely paid any of his severance . That is what an organization is like . His son continued to grow . The mother worked hard until she no longer could . Their son 's mind structure was so different that he was called a " genius . " He said that he wanted to study the specific field of genetic engineering . But there wasn 't that kind of money in this family to let their son get the education he wanted . That was when the man 's old boss showed up in front of him . We want you to kill a certain individual . That was what the boss said . And the man took that request . That individual was the leader of the group against police privatization . He was also another police officer .. When the man succeeded in the murder of the leader , that man was also killed . And his spurting blood was poured down on his son . At the time my father was murdered , I was at college studying the genetics of murderers . We collected genes from murderers all over the world to research and to lower the occurrence of crimes . However ... My father was killed right in front of me . And my motivation changed . I took all the killer genes they had stored at the lab and injected them into my body . I couldn 't forgive them . The ones who killed my father .. I planned to turn myself into a complete killer and seek revenge . But ... I fell into a state of confusion and stood on the lab 's rooftop . Then I jumped . When I regained consciousness , I was in front of an enormous door .. Did I die ? Strangely , I didn 't have any sense of fear .. The next moment , I woke up in the hospital . The professor said that it came out of my head . I researched it . The more I researched , the more I came to see how amazing it was . It surpassed all other killer genes . So I reproduced and cultured it . That 's when I started coming up with an innovative idea . The man who killed your father is dead . So at this point , personal revenge is meaningless . The problem is the man who ordered your father killed . And in addition , killed my father ... Just to protect the enterprise called the police ... The first thing is to kill that man . This isn 't revenge . It 's preparation for a revolution . Remember ... The time that we were showered with our fathers ' blood ! Against privatization ! I will become the king of murderers ! I will unite this country . That is , the country of engineers ! We will not lose to anyone . You and I are allies . We are comrades . Let 's fight together ! Yeah . Yeah , yeah . That 's right . That 's the best . Right ? Thanks a lot for telling me . You insane bastard ... Kill anyone that resists . Rock out , everybody ! Mt . Fuji Tokyo Tower On sale right now ! The Japanese sword of Kohka , It cuts well ! Right now , we Tokyo Police are the ones with the advantage . Continue as is and keep on killing , killing , killing ! Please stop , Master ! Welcome home , Master You ... You are impertinent ! Who do you think I am ! ? That hurt ! I like killing Japanese . That 's the right side . Don 't lick that . Right . Right . Right . Right . You work too slowly . This is the left . Left . Don 't underestimate the Chinese . Privatizing the police will lead to more plentiful lives for us , For a better society Tokyo Police Corporation You came to kill me , huh , Ruka ? You remember now . I had no choice with your father .. He was very much against privatizing the police . It was for the organization , no ... I meant to protect this huge corporation called the police . Your father was in the way . As atonement , Ruka , I gave you shelter , at a lodging house and raised you to become the strongest engineer hunter .. Right ? But life is full of irony because you 've sunk to becoming an engineer .. Ruka , you 've become an engineer , huh ? I 'm half disappointed and half happy ! Bingo ! You perverted bastard . It 's over already ! Easily , easily ! The engineer hunter ... . The engineer hunter ... . ... has become an engineer , huh ? Game over .. The end . Ruka ... Can you ... Can you kill me ? I was the one who raised you with great care . Engineers are our enemies ! We will definitely annihilate them ! Once we wipe out the engineers completely our power will become much greater . ! This one , here ... I have raised her with care . A prisoner ... . And this one ... she 's different from you in that she will never betray me . Manic-depressive Prisoner 639 Manic-depressive Are you okay ? Are you going to repay kindness with evil ? I don 't remember raising you to be a rude girl like that ! You devil ! You allowed an engineer to rape you . And fell to the level of becoming their slave . I have no intention of showing any sympathy to a woman like that . I don 't need any sympathy . Even if this body has been taken over by a devil , as long as I am myself , I will not become a devil . Because I am a police officer who protects the citizens . I will not forgive your evil deed ! Here I come ! I wonder which one of us is a devil . I will not lose ! I am the one who 's going to change Japan ! Here I go ! Ruka , we 're not done yet ! You engineer ! Go to hell ! Chief ... For all your hard work ... Thank you very much ! The Self-Defense Force has also been privatized , The Tokyo Police Corporation has taken over the Self-Defense Force , We will protect you . The crim e extra-territoriality law is our ally . We have no mercy for criminals . Serial killer Yoshiki Takahashi Murdered 15 kindergarten children We will protect you . We , the Tokyo Police Corporation . Serial killer Yoshiki Takahashi Dead The new Tokyo Police . From now on , we will be making a great effort to become everyone 's ... THE END
