 My name is jane vasco . I could use you on my team . I work for a secret government agency that hunts neuros . People who can do dangerous things with their minds . On my first assignment ... Something a little weird happened , okay , something really weird . Until i get some answers i 'm getting on with my life , doing my job . Stocking up on aspirin , because let me tell ya , pain 's a bitch ! How 's the wine ? Delicious . A client of mine owns a vineyard . I was thinking of going up there . Feel like a long weekend ? I 'd love to , I just ... I don 't know if i can get away . The job , right ? Tom ... We 've talked about this . You mean , we 've talked about not talking about it . I 'm sorry , i just ... It 's okay , i love the mystery . Well ... Maybe tonight we can solve some of that mystery . This merits a refill . I 'll be right back . Tom ... ? Everyone 's has things they hide . Usually they are small , watching daytime soaps while scarfing down enough chocolate to send you into a sugar coma . Letting enough underwear pile up in the corner until you are actually forced to go out and buy more . Not that i would have any personal knowledge of this of course . When i was little , i was like all little girls , sharing my secrets with my friends . When i grew up i realized that a real secret is something you don 't share with anyone . The secret i have now is anything but small . In fact , it 's so huge i don 't even talk to myself about it . I 've already considered the " reasonable " explanations ! And there aren 't any . How long had you known this guy ? Long enough to know that he wasn 't suicidal ! Six months , wasn 't it ? And in six months , you 've never gotten close to anybody ? Look , he was a good man and i 'm not an idiot . And i 'm not in the habit of walking around , looking for neuros behind every closet door ! There are a million other explanations for this . And it may not look like it , but we have procedures . Procedure ? One moment this man 's asking me to the wine country and the next thing , he walks off a roof ? I understand how you feel ... No , you don 't . You 've been through a tough loss , bowers . Take a few days . A friend of mine owns the vineyard . I was thinking of going up there . Feel like a long weekend ? I don 't know .. I 'd love to . I just don 't know if i can get away . The job , right ? Where 'd you get this ? Restaurant security . I had riley run an enhance . I 'll be right back . Okay . Tom ? Bowers thinks there 's a neuro behind it . Thoughts ? Perhaps she didn 't know the man as wel as she thought she did . Everyone 's got things going on in their lives people don 't know about . But you see where she 's coming from . She 's got to fit a reason to this . Something that makes sense to her . Because if she can - then she 's not powerless . When you lose somebody you love , you 've got three choices . You can blame them for not staying safe . You can blame yourself for not protecting them . Or you can find out who 's really to blame , and make them pay . Bowers needs an ass to kick ? Yes . Don 't tell her i said this we 're a lot alike that way . We 're not good with " just letting things happen . " i 've got three other cases with limited resources . I can 't justify spending time on something that 's so far off profile . Who are you trying to convince ? You . Bowers will have to deal with it . Let it go . I thought you 'd gone home . Guess not . Look , mo ... If you came to argue mcbride 's case , save your breath . Maybe i came to ask you about yours . And maybe there 's a tooth fairy . Interesting place . What made you pick it ? A friend of mine was here the other day . I was ... Curious . I was too . About why i haven 't heard from you . I 'm glad you called . How 's the new job ? You can 't talk about it . Yes , i get that . Special federal detail , whatever . I 'm not asking for case files , jane . I just want to know how you 're doing . You like the people ? Or is that a secret , too ? Maybe this wasn 't such a good idea . Maybe you could turn it into one . Maybe i can . That merits a refill . I 'll be right back . Justin ! Let 's get out of here . Your place ? Yeah , why not ? Life 's short . You here to tell me to keep my left up ? You ought to know . You gonna cut me some slack ? Then i 'd have to admit that i can be a bitch . Can i cop a plea ? I saw justin last night . Careful . You might let him get close . I did . We had drinks ... At the skybar . I just wanted to tell you , if what happened to tom ... Happened to someone i was close to , i 'd be asking questions , too . Tom larsen . On the surface , looks clean . Clean enough to start up with maureen . Did you run the clearance ? The feds did it . If i ran it , i wouldn 't have missed the obvious . I 'm listening . Guy 's file was just too clean . Most people have forgotten credit lines with no recent activity . Or info shows up in duplicate because data clerks used different protocols . It 's normal , you get used to culling the signal from the noise . And tom larsen ? All signal , no noise . Pristine . Everything totally credible - devoid of human error . And , to me , clean is suspiciously messy . The reason tom larsen 's real identity was scrubbed is because the man was in witness protection . Tom larsen spent the first 25 years of his life as gene crowley . He was an accountant in santa fe . Was doing pretty good until he cooked the books for the gage cartel . And got renamed and relocated by witness protection when he testified against them . I didn 't authorize this research . You didn 't nix it either . Crowley wasn 't a volunteer witness . State got him to turn on the gage cartel to save his own ass . They had him on murder charges . Found his wife in a shallow grave . Apparently the guy had anger management issues . And bowers was dating this creep ? How strong was the case on him ? Strong enough to get him to risk his life by taking the stand . Another 50 reasons the guy might 've stepped off that roof intentionally . Do you have the printout i asked for ? Yeah . Thank you . Thanks . Yeah . Miklos rovak , aka michael varga . Cook county , illinois , file number 41471103-f . riley pulled another witness relocation hit out of the system . Looks like you might 've been onto something with larsen . A liar and a fraud . Michael varga . " shoe store owner . " former contract killer from chicago . Varga drove his car over a cliff at 100 miles an hour . I pulled gps readings from the local police mainframe . Have no idea why he didn 't stop to take that detour . Tom never stopped before walking off the roof . There have been at least two others . State 's witnesses , living under assumed identies , dying suddenly under what can only be described as " mysterious circumstances " . Check this out . Kevin moore walked off an airplane at 30,000 feet . Helen winston .. Two weeks ago , decided to put on a pair of fins and ends up snorkeling in freshly-poured concrete . You said varga was a contract killer . And tom larsen was accused of murder . What about the other two ? Nobody in witness protection program is a model citizen . To know enough to be worth flipping and protecting , you gotta be dirty . Looks like maybe we got a neuro who 's playing for the right team . How 's this neuro getting this classified information ? If we could figure this out , we can track him down . So good luck . Bring up varga again , will ya ? Alright . Tell lisa i 'll take her to the soccer game saturday if i don 't have to work ... I gotta go . I 'm heading into the basement ... No signal . I know , we 'll talk about it tonight . Look , i have to hang up . I 'll call you right back . Hey , sheila . Hey , you 're working late today . Case file . But one of these days i just might come down just to take you to lunch . The file , officer cook . Just punch the deposit ticket and you 're on your way . See ya . Okay . Yeah , i 've got signal . So let 's talk about the kids ' schedule ... Andre 's looking for you . Riley 's pulled some other files . More dirtbags . Two other suicide hits and some possibles . Then i say we keep out of it . That 's not your call . Maybe it should be . We offer these guys protection for turning state 's evidence . But the guy who 's hunting them down , we 're supposed to go after him ! Him ? We 're talking about a neuro . I know that . But instead of chipping him , maybe we should give him a medal . What happened to " everything by the book ? " you used to get on my back for talking just the way you are . The damn book put tom larsen out on the street . And who knows how many more . Your reward for testifying , mr . Larsen ... A new name and a new city where nobody knows to run the other way when they see you coming . This isn 't just about tom . Easy for you to say . No , actually , it 's not . Mo , whoever 's doing this thinks he can dole out the death penalty to anyone he wants . Alright , this week you like his choices . What happens next week when you don 't ? You 're starting to sound like me . Frightening , isn 't it ? How 's it going pinpointing possibles ? This guy doesn 't seem to be going after embezzlers or drug pushers ... Just killers . I reduced the target sample from friggin ' huge to merely unmanageable . Riley , if you 're able to hit this thing , someone else could . Is there any way to find out if someone else has sniffed this database Someone from the outside ? Boss , do you have to ask ? Alright , let 's do this . Gregory hazen , raleigh county , file number 41471103-ae Current identity marty lento . Gregory hazen , aka marty lento . Seems our perp has been using the same source to get access into the witness protection files . I know where that source is but not who . Here 's the thing . Lento 's file was pulled 12 hours ago from that same source . You think he 's our next target ? I wouldn 't count him out . Can you get me an address ? Does a bear ... Just let me have it . And a tail on lento might be nice . He 's hallucinating . Yeah . We 're invisible to him . She 's sweet . Made less than a hundred that year . Must be worth a fortune . How 's she run ? Eats gas but purrs like a kitten . Boss , why don 't we jump him . Easy connor , might lead us to the source . Maybe he lost a contact lens . Shhh ! Lento ! Lento ! Get out of there ! Shut it down ! How ? ! Where ? ! Maureen , shut it down ! They had him on murder charges ! Killer from chicago . Witness protection ... You gotta be dirty . Maureen , push the damn button ! Mo ! You 've got to do this . Maureen , shut the damn thing down ! Jane ! Jane ! Is she okay ? She 's alive . I wish i wasn 't . Just shoot me and put me out of my misery . As if that would help . Let 's get you out of here . I 'm so sorry . Connor , debrief him . I want full details . What the hell is this ? What is this place ? It came pretty close to being the end of you , pal . I don 't understand ... Talk to me . You came in on the train . Tell me what you thought you saw . A car auction .. With these cool cars . That 's what you saw , a car auction ? Of course . I was talking to this guy about a corvett , but .. What ? It 's okay , it 's okay , let 's get you out of here . What 's happening to me ? Do you know ... What i don 't know could fill a book . Just be glad you 're alive . Looks like our perp changed his m. o . Gregory hazen a. k.a. Marty lento wasn 't a murderer - not even a criminal . You 're right , riley . Gregory hazen was a defense attorney . Affirmative . What are you saying ? De-fense a-torn-ey . 3 - piece suit , attache case , " i object , your honor . " that 's not possible ! What 's your problem ? What the hell 's an attorney doing in witness protection ? Remember the robert grant trial ? Guy who murdered his wife and kids ? Police botched the evidence , hazen made a big deal about it , grant walked . Death threats ? Hazen got more than grant . Guess the police decided he needed protection . I almost let that man die . He is an attorney . Lotta gray lines out there . And i crossed all of them . This is interesting . You think so ? You shoulda been there . Let me try something . Ah ! Increased tensile strength in the newly healed tissue . Ah ! That 's cold ! Really , hein ? What about here ? Here ? And here ? Increased sensitivity . Well , you 're poking pretty hard there , doc . Actually , i 'm exerting very little pressure . Has this occurred with previous injuries ? To be honest , i don 't recall . Well , it 's something to look out for in the future . This phenomenon could explain the intense pain you reported . You started healiwhilthe laser was still cutting you , and the fresh tissue was hypersensitive . All i know is , it hurt like hell . Sorry , You can put this on . Your shirt 's pretty much toast . Promise me you 'll report any changes . Chills or hot flashes , unusual cravings , that sort of thing . Pickles and ice cream ? Cravings can be the body 's way of signaling a chemical process . Excess potassium , iron deficiency , it 's all medical evidence . I promise , if there are any changes , you 'll be the first one i call . What 'd you get out of lento ? Guy thought he was at a car auction . So he was experiencing a persistent vision of another environment , leading him into danger . Sounds right . But he had no idea how it happened or who 's responsible . Just another dead end . Maybe not . We might 've found a way to come at it from the inside . How ? Case officer in witness protection , name of downing . All the case files of the recents victims have been accessed from downing 's account . You saying he 's our neuro ? Or an information leak that leads to our neuro . How you doing ? Peachy . Good . Connor , i need you to check on downing . You got it . Alright brainiac , your override code worked , i 'm in downing 's office . Glad you made it big guy . You can thank me later . See if the same code works on the database ? Riley ! These guys have our intel . There 's a detailed map of our layout here , riley . According to this .. They are going to strike - ahhhh ! Who are you ? ! Get down ! Connor , get back here ! What the hell is going on ? Talk to me what 's happening ? Riley ! Hey , connor . Are you okay , lad ? Connor ! Connor ! Connor ! Vasco ! Connor , what are you doing , man ? ! Why ! Hold your fire ! Agent king , cease fire ! Andre , get down ! Connor , it 's okay , it 's okay , it 's okay . It 's okay , it 's okay , it 's okay . Connor , it 's me ! It 's jane , it 's jane ! It 's okay , it 's okay . Shhh ! The s. o.b. Got into my head . We seem to be dealing with a neuro who can induce persistent visual hallucinations in his victims . Well , it 's gotta be downing or burstyn . Who the hell is burstyn ? Or downing for that matter . The " privacy police " guy . Domestic terrorist . I tracked it from downing 's office ... Riley , these guys have our intel . Never happened , did it ? Connor . Last time we saw you , we left you to question marty lento . Next thing , you were in here , guns blazing . Neuro must have gotten to you back at the factory . When you left with marty . You see anybody else around ? You 're asking me what i saw ? Bad idea . I feel like i need a shower . Son of a bitch . It almost worked . Almost . If it wasn 't for jane and her freakazoid healing , i 'd have killed all of you . Hey , listen .. I need you to get your head back in the game . The real game . Whoever did this , they could try it again . We to take him down before that happens , okay ? Then i 'm the answer to your prayers . Got this off of real-time satellite . What 're we looking at ? Connor coming out of the factory with lento . That 's connor and lento right there . Now watch . You saying that 's our neuro ? No one else in the area . I ran thermo scans , ultra-green , i even went so far as to ... You i. d . Him yet ? Ruben hennesy . Currently employed as a janitor at 10 police plaza . He 's an attorney . Graduated stanford law with honors . Attorney to janitor . Helluva career move . The question is why make it ? Hennesy 's been at ten-p for the last six months . His nineteen year-old daughter was murdered a year and a half ago by a three-strike offender who should 've been behind bars but wasn 't . Was turned over and relocated by witness protection . Makes him look good for it , huh ? You think he 's trying to make up for what happened to his kid ? If he is our man , he might 've started that way . But now it looks like he 's prepared to kill anyone including us , to protect his secret . How the hell do we get close enough to chip a guy who can pull this kinda crap in our heads ? The man can make us see anything he wants to . Maybe we can make him see what we want him to . Members of a covert , federal law enforcement unit were gunned down today in a bizarre underground firefight . Apparently a disgruntled team member turned his weapons on his colleagues , before killing himself . The gunman has been identified as connor king . The mayor 's office has assured the public that this incident will be thoroughly investigated . Not ... Yet . Confused , right ? I 'm dead . So just keep on doing what you were doing . Pretend i 'm not here . Or am i ? Seeing is believing , isn 't it ? Thought you were the only one who could play this game ? Welcome to my nightmare . You stay out of my head ! What did you do ? Changed your mind . About changing peoples ' minds . You know those people got what they deserved . You know what kind of people they are . We do . The type of person you 've become . Get him outta here . Let 's go ! Good work . Can i quote you on that ? I 'd only deny it . You 've been bringing people here for five years ? Some of ' em don 't make it this far . They all come here . The live ones get new housing . The others go straight to the lab . What happens in the lab ? I don 't ask . Mcbride , vasco , king , bowers . We 're here to see to ruben hennesy . I don 't have that name here . He 's an inmate . Recent admit . Got to debrief him . Make sure the security of my team has not been compromised . Agent mcbride , i 'm sorry i can 't help you . That detaine has been transferred to another facility . Let me see that . All the authorizations are correct . But that 's impossible . My mistake , we 'll just look around . What 's the problem ? We can go talk to hennesy at the other facility . There is no 'other facility . ' at least , there shouldn 't be . I 'm beginning to learn . A secret isn 't always something you choose not to tell . Even the most open people may not be aware that they have things to hide . I rember my dad once telling me that a secret may simply be the difference between what appears on the outside ... and what really is !
