 ALL : We are coming . We are coming . - Where 's the camera ? - In my eyes . When you wear these , they 'll transmit a picture back to us and we can see what 's going on . More than that , we 've got lip-reading software . If anybody finds out what I 'm doing , it 's treason . Gran always said there 'd be trouble . Did you know that he 's got a daughter ? And now , Alice Carter 's got a child of her own , his grandson . Bring her in . ALL : We are here . But what do you want ? We want ten percent of the children of this world . They want to take them , like they did before , like the man did . You were there ? 1 965 , I gave them 1 2 children . ( BRAKES SQUEAKING ) This is the location they specified . A set of instructions coming through on a wavelength combination - designated 456 . - Did they give a name ? All we 've got is that number , 456 . According to our alien friends , in four months ' time the virus will mutate . It 's a brand new strain of Indonesian flu . They claim it could kill up to 25 million people . All our research seems to back up their figures . In 1 91 8 , the Spanish flu outbreak killed something like five percent of the human race . I know . I was there . Well , this time we 're being offered a cure . They 'll send the antivirus in exchange . - How many children do they want ? - 1 2 . It 's like the sacrifice to the ancient gods . 1 2 virgins . Just 1 2 ? Sounds like a good deal . What do they want them for ? - They say they 'll live forever . - ( SCOFFING ) Yeah . Sure . Why do you need me ? Well , assuming 1 2 children can be found , then we need someone to deliver them . What , in case the aliens are hostile ? You need someone who can 't die ? Actually , we need someone who doesn 't care . 1 965 , I gave them 1 2 children . You just handed them over and hoped for the best ? You just come with Uncle Jack . We 're gonna go on an adventure , yeah ? ( CHATTERING , INDISTINCT ) Everyone off . Here we go . All right , children , you follow me . An adventure . Okay , children , walk into the light . Do as I say . What 's in there ? What is it ? Just go . Safe , though , isn 't it ? Yeah . It 's safe . Keep going . You don 't want to be left out , do you ? - Everyone okay ? - Yes , sir . ( RADIO STATIC HUMMING ) The information 's coming through now on the 456 . It 's the antivirus , just as they promised . - Good night 's work . - Maybe the gods were kind . Maybe they are in paradise . No such thing . You are in every nightmare - I 've ever had . - I 'm sorry . I 'm really sorry . Gwen ! - Okay , so ... Give me the gun , Clem . - Stay away ! GWEN : Come on . - You 're on his side . - Give it to me . - And he 's on their side . - Okay , it 's over now . - You 're all involved . - Let him go . He 's dangerous , man . - I 'm not dangerous ! - We know . We know you 're not . We know that . But that 's a lie . Isn 't it ? Isn 't it ? We both know it . I killed a man . I am dangerous . Can I take that ? There we are . But it wasn 't my fault . There is something up there . They do want children . That man held my hand and took me to them . ( GASPING ) This is normal , okay ? This is what he does . I told you he was going to be okay . - No ! No ! - Come on . Clem ? - Clem ! - No ! No ! GWEN : He 's all right , Clem ! ( CLEM STAMMERING ) It 's too much . You get to shoot first and ask questions later . How good is that ? This is too much . Isn 't it ? Isn 't it ? Watch your head . Can 't believe you didn 't mention this before . They didn 't speak through kids back then . I didn 't recognise the signs at first . That 's not what I meant . They 're coming back . The man who sent me and my friends to die can 't die himself . This is to do with Uncle Jack , isn 't it ? It 's a mistake . We 'll be out soon . - Will he get us out ? - Yeah . In here . He doesn 't know Harkness is his grandfather ? No . I suppose it would take some explaining when Mum looks older than Grandad . I can only assume that you 're holding me here as insurance against my father . But let me warn you , if you 've angered him , then God help you . This from the woman who spent her life running away from him . And why do you think I did that ? A man who can 't die has got nothing to fear . So you watch it and you keep watching . It was a protection racket . You must have known they 'd be back . - I knew it was a possibility . - You still gave them the payoff ? JACK : We had no choice . Why us ? You wouldn 't be missed . I can see that . All this time , the one consolation I had was the deal seemed to work . RHYS : It worked for 44 years . - That 's not a bad breathing space . - Why was I left behind ? What 's wrong with me ? We know they only want pre-pubescent kids . Maybe it 's got something to do with that . Maybe you were just on the cusp of puberty , not quite adult , - not quite child . - Saved by your hormones . COMPUTER : Everyone follow us , please . Thank you . Is this still recording , Ianto ? I need every second of this . Yeah . Hello again . Before we consider your request , I have been asked for a point of clarification . Before we even discuss your ... your request ... COMPUTER : We need to know exactly what it is that you intend to do with the children . THE 456 : Somebody is watching . Some remnant . It knows I 'm here . ( THE 456 SCREECHING ) It knows ! - " Somebody is watching . " - I told you , it knows . Turn it off . It 's talking about the other camera . It doesn 't know about us . Shh . COMPUTER : The Prime Minister , the leader of the United Kingdom is watching through this camera here . And he needs to know what would happen to our children if we were to hand them over to you . THE 456 : It is ... off the record ? Yes . THE 456 : Come in . " Come in . " In there ? With your camera . Come in . It 's hiding something . - Right . Is that okay ? Yeah ? - Mmm-hmm . Now , you 'll be able to hear us and we can hear anything you say . Okay , hand me a mouthpiece . There you go . Don 't take it off until the light in the airlock goes green . - Okay ? - Yes , sir . Camera . I 'll be monitoring you throughout . - Good luck . - Thank you , ma 'am . ( AIRLOCK CLOSING ) ( HEARTRATE MONITOR BEEPING ) DEKKER : Air content stabilised . ( BEEPING SPEEDS UP ) - I 'm getting three heartbeats . - It 's got three heads . TECHNICIAN : No , there 's ... There 's three distinct forms of life in there . Get closer . ( HISSES ) ( CAMERAMAN PANTING ) No , no , no , no , no ! Is that a child ? Where 'd it get him from ? GWEN : He 's one of the kids from 1 965 . He 's still just a child . Do you think he knows ? Is he conscious ? ( STAMMERING ) What 's happening ? It 's Lois . She 's crying . What have you done to him ? FROBISHER : Get him out of there ! Get him out ! Get him out ! THE 456 : It would ensure the smooth running of diplo-diplomatic relations ... John , get me out of here ! ( SPEEDING UP ) ... between Earth and the 456-456-456-456 if that previous encounter was kept off the record-off the record ... What 's it saying ? That 's John Frobisher 's voice . What 's off the record ? - ( SLOWING ) It 's private-private ... - Get it off ! ( VERY SLOWLY ) ... private ... ( GASPING ) This is unacceptable . We do not harm the children . They feel no pain . " We do not harm the children . They feel no pain . " They live long beyond their years . " Well , that 's okay , then . But we still don 't know . What does it do with them ? What does it want them for ? Bit late to ask now . " We have answered your question . " You have one day to select and deliver your ten percent . " And if we refuse ? We will wipe out your entire species . Am I to understand this country has had dealings with these creatures before ? Apparently so . I would point out I was only a child myself in 1 965 . Nonetheless , you made the decision only this week , sir , to keep those previous negotiations secret ? It could be said that perhaps it was , uh , convenient , for the moment , until further consideration . You will give us all files on 1 965 immediately . And the United Nations will decide what measures to take against you , Mr Green . This must have been eating away at you . Why didn 't you tell me ? - I could have helped . - No , you couldn 't . I tell you everything . Yeah ? So , tell me , what should I have done ? Stood up to them . The Jack I know would have stood up to them . I 've only just scraped the surface , haven 't I ? Ianto , that 's all there is . No . You pretend that 's all there is . I 've lived a long time . I have done a lot of things . I 've gotta go . I won 't be long . IANTO : You 're doing it again . Speak to me , Jack . Where are you going ? To call Frobisher . I can 't make the call from here 'cause they 'll be able to trace it . Is that okay ? You 're the boss . And just so you know , I have a daughter called Alice , and a grandson called Steven and Frobisher took them hostage yesterday . You two should get a couple of hours ' sleep while you can . So should you . ( MOBILE RINGING ) It 's Harkness . Ring Ashton Down , see if you can get a trace on it . Strong coffee , loads of . - Hello ? - Have you thought about what I said ? - Bit busy , to be honest . - Let me put this right . Release my family and we can work together . Give yourself up and they won 't be harmed . - JACK : I wish I could believe that . - You can . JACK : You 've spoken to the 456 , haven 't you ? - They want more children . - What makes you think that ? - They 're onto it now . - Doesn 't take a genius . With them so going public this time , I think they want a lot more . Millions , even . If I have to stop you , then I 'll tell the world what 's really going on . There 's too much at stake not to . Lost him . I 'll try the Echelon satellite data . It 's gonna take some time . They 'll let us know when they get a location . He 'll be gone by then . Why don 't you get your head down on the couch for an hour ? Sorry . Um , the Prime Minister wants to see you . Take notes . Facilitate . Generally make sure it all runs smoothly . The most important thing is to blend into the background . No one should know we 're there . Cabinet office briefing room A. COBRA . Where all the emergency planning takes place . Gold Command meeting 's about to start . They 'll sell us out , just like they did last time . I 'm sorry to hear about your family , by the way . We 'll get them out . - I know we will . - Ladies and gentlemen , it 's been decided we 're going to make the 456 an offer . A realistic number , something we can manage , - and then we see what happens . - You mean we 're going to haggle ? What about the military option ? ODUYA : There 's nothing to take action against . Evidently , the 456 must have some sort of base of operations in orbit , but our satellites are showing nothing . Whatever 's up there , it 's beyond our technology . There 's a target sat in Thames House . ODUYA : Taking that out would be a declaration of war . A war we can 't win . That 's why I 've invited John to address Gold Command . In terms of managing the figures , what could we offer and get away with ? - We need to know ... - Isn 't it , isn 't it ? It 's happening again . My God , they 're really gonna do this . Look , it won 't just be Britain , will it ? The idea is that every country makes a camouflageable contribution . Can you pass me the FAS file , please ? SAS ? Oh , now you 're talking . Right , well , um ... For a start , there are 21 children in Oakington right now . 21 units . Unaccompanied asylum seekers awaiting deportation . FAS . Failed asylum seekers . Orphans in ' 65 , asylum seekers today . There 's progress for you . And no one would miss them . We need more . Can you bump the numbers up to 60 ? I think so . Uh , we could have them all in Oakington by first thing tomorrow . Thank you , John . Now go back to Thames House and consult with the 456 . Make them an offer of 60 units and no more . ( PHONE RINGING ) - Hello ? - FROBISHER : It 's me . Well , how ... How did it go ? All you need to know is there 's nothing to worry about . I 'm sorry , I can 't explain , but trust me , don 't worry . - Well , have you slept yet ? - No . - Are you on your way home ? - No time for that , sweetheart . I 'm afraid it 's a matter of utmost national security . Are you safe ? Course I am . You know me , I 'm just pushing papers around . They just need me to make sure all the documentation 's in place . Did the bodyguards turn up ? - Yeah , they 're outside . - Good . Good . I just wanted to say I love you and I love the girls . - When will you be home ? - Soon . Look , I 've gotta go . I love you . ( LIFT DINGS ) I love you , too . I 'm sorry , but we have discussed your demands and we 've arrived at a solution that might satisfy both parties . I 've been authorised to offer you one child for every million people on planet Earth . FROBISHER : That 's about 6,700 in total . 62 from the UK alone . THE 456 : That is not acceptable . 6,700 . Six-seven-zero-zero , that 's our final offer . It 's more than generous . I 'll give you some time to think about it . THE 456 : Three , two , five , zero , zero , zero . Three , two , five , zero , zero , zero . You are turning this house into a bloody playschool . Ten quid a kid , more like a charity . And who 's doing all the work ? It 's muggins here , that 's who . I don 't see you lifting a bloody finger . - Three , two , five , zero , zero , zero . - Oh my God , they 're doing it again . - Mica ! Where 's Mica ? Mica ! - Three , two , five , zero , zero , zero . Three , two , five , zero , zero , zero . - What is it ? - Three , two , five ... - What are you going on about ? - ... zero , zero , zero . - Lottery numbers or what ? - Three , two , five , zero , zero , zero . Three , two , five , zero , zero , zero . Three , two , five , zero , zero , zero . - Coordinates ? Grid reference maybe ? - Three , two , five , zero , zero , zero . Children in different countries are saying different numbers . ( SPEAKING FRENCH ) The children of America are saying , " Two , three , four , zero , zero , zero , zero . " But what is the meaning of " three , two , five , zero , zero , zero " ? It 's confirmed . 325,000 is ten percent of the children ... the , uh , units in this country . Every country is saying a different number , which , in each case , amounts to 1 0percent . I think it 's fair to say that our final offer has just been rejected . Okay , thanks , everyone . Let 's take a break . It 's worth considering , sir . The world 's population will be 9 billion by 2050 . That 's a two-and-a-half billion rise . The UK will go from 61 million to 77 , every one of them needing - food and water , a home , transport ... - Rick , Rick , Rick , Rick . What are you suggesting , a cull of ten percent would do us good ? I 'm just saying , if we need to spin this to the public , and God knows , at the moment , spin is all we can do , then in an age when we 're terrified by the planet 's dwindling resources , a reduction in the population could possibly , just possibly , if presented in the right way , be seen as ... good . Sir ? - Anything ? - It 's all gone quiet . All our usual sources from the government , the army , Whitehall , all gone silent . Whatever 's happening in London , no one 's breathing a word . It 's about time I found out what 's going on . I 'm taking a squad to London . Are the roads still blocked ? - Only in the centre . - Then patch me through a clear route . And keep watching for Harkness . If it 's happening in London , then that 's where he 'll be . With regrets , ladies and gentlemen , I have to tell you that we 're now facing the worst-case scenario . And right now we don 't have time for our discussion on ethics . I 'm afraid the hand-wringing will have to wait . All we can do at the moment is to address a number of vital and practical questions . Namely , how do we select the ten percent who would go ? How would we transport them ? And how could we sell it to the voters ? John ? - Well , the selection 's not down to me . - Nevertheless . Practical solutions , please . Once the selection has been made then my department can arrange to bus all the children to the rendezvous points together , school by school . My staff are compiling various school databases . IANTO : " You just need to decide what criteria you 'd use for selection . " Which is out of my hands . Over to you , sir . Anyone ? Might I remind you the clock is ticking ? - It would have to be random . - No one 'll believe it was random , not unless some of us are seen waiting at the school gates - for empty buses to return . - If the criteria is demonstrably fair and entirely random , then at least we could defend ourselves ... So you 're willing to risk your kids to make it look fair ? - Then how else can we choose ? - We could do it alphabetically . Oh , yes , thanks Mr Yates . I didn 't mean ... I 've got no kids . I wasn 't trying to ... Yes , no kids and no consequences . And yours have already grown up . Let 's keep this civil , Denise . Oh , yes , let 's discuss the loss of millions of innocent children - and let 's be civilised about it ! - If you wouldn 't mind , yes . Could we limit it to one loss per family ? Every second-born child ... That would take more time . More organisation . Time we don 't have . So , it would have to be one school at a time . Look , I 'm going to say what everyone else is thinking . If this ... this lottery takes place , my kids aren 't in it . I 'm sure the families of Gold Command would be exempted anyway . In fact , isn 't that official policy ? Gang of bastards . Isn 't it ? During a major civil emergency , we 're also dealing with deeply debilitating personal grief . - Listen to them . - Hard enough as it is . I 'm right , aren 't I ? It is official policy that our families get protection . Of course they bloody do . So , we could have a show of hands . I hate to be crass , - but in the circumstances ... - Well , who votes ? Those with kids or those with no interest to declare ? No one votes . It 's down to me to make an executive decision . - Do you need some time ? - No . Whatever happens , the children and grandchildren of everyone round this table will be exempt . - What about nieces and neph ... - Don 't push your luck . You seriously expect me to look my brother in the eye ... We need to limit the number of people who know . - Just give him a condolence card ? - That 's the responsibility - of government , Denise ! - No , the first responsibility is to protect the best interests of this country , right ? Then , let 's say it . In a national emergency , a country must plan for the future and discriminate between those who are vital to continued stability and those who are not . And now that we 've established that our kids are exempt , the whole principle of random selection is dead in the water , anyway . - Only so far as ... - Let me finish . Now , look , on the one hand , you 've got the good schools . And I don 't just mean those producing graduates . I mean the pupils who will go on to staff our hospitals , our offices , our factories , the workforce of the future . We need them . Accepted , yes ? So , set against that , you 've got the failing schools , full of the less able , the less socially useful , those destined to spend a lifetime on benefits , occupying places on the dole queue and , frankly , the prisons . Now , look , should we treat them equally ? God knows we 've tried and we 've failed . And now the time has come to choose . And if we can 't identify the lowest achieving ten percent of this country 's children , then what are the school league tables for ? Anyone want to speak against that ? Then there we have it . John , you have your criteria . We 've selected the ten percent . We 've got enough evidence recorded here to destroy every person in that room . And we can use it to force our way into Thames House , finally get face-to-face with this thing . And get your family released . JACK : Right , everyone know what they 're doing ? What if I can 't get Lois to agree to this , Jack ? She hasn 't let us down yet . Rhys , okay ? - Let 's go stand up to them . - Yes , sir . The government has yet to give a reason why the children have stated a number which equals ten percent of the child population of each country . ( SPEAKING FRENCH ) All eyes are now turning toward the United Kingdom as we ask , " What exactly are they hiding ? " London remains gridlocked in the city centre . ( PEOPLE ARGUING ) ( GROANING ) ( PHONE RINGING ) ( CHILDREN CHATTERING ) Pipe down , you lot . Shut up . - Hello ? - IANTO : It 's me . Oh , I thought you couldn 't call here . Is it all over ? IANTO : It 's only just beginning . - It 's Ianto . - Tell him I want my car back in one piece ! Listen , that column of fire over London . Did you see it on the telly ? No , I was watching the other side . Of course I did , you dumbo . What 's happening ? The kids said " they are coming " , but who 's they ? - Who is it ? - Just stop a minute and listen . - Ianto , just tell me , who are they ? - They 're from another planet . They want children . That 's why they 're here . - They what ? - They want kids , millions of them . - Why ? - I 'm not sure . Over the next few days , don 't let anyone take David and Mica away from you , for whatever reason . This goes for you people listening in on the wire as well . Forget the Official Secrets Act . If you 've got children or grandchildren , you need to hear this . And you need to tell every parent you know . I 've found Jones . - We can assume Harkness is nearby . - Okay , let 's go . Look , I 've gotta go . I love you . Don 't let the kids out of your sight . I love them , too . - I 'm even warming to Johnny a bit . - We love you , too . Ianto ? Ianto , are you there ? What is it ? What 'd he say ? Come on , Rhi , what did he say ? You 've gotta go now . You 're just getting me out of harm 's way , aren 't you ? - You don 't think I can hack it . - You 're the most important part of this whole plan . Now , go on . You 've got a job to do . Go on , there isn 't much time . ( EXCLAIMING ) ( SIRENS BLARING ) Long gone . - Move out ! - I 've done a sweep of the surrounding area . Two miles to the south , there 's a warehouse area in Battersea . Used to be an old holding facility for Torchwood One back in the ' 90s . Could be significant . Ianto Jones worked for Torchwood One . - Can you pinpoint which warehouse ? - I 'll get on to it now . We need a cover story , to explain why the operation is happening and to encourage participation . So the suggestion is we announce that the children will be given some kind of inoculation , a jab to stop them speaking in unison . We stress that there 's no immediate danger , that everyone will be seen in due course . Then when it goes wrong and the children disappear , we blame the aliens , claim ignorance and face the music . We say the 456 double-crossed us ? ... double-crossed us ? ( PHONE RINGING ) - Okay , Gwen , we 're here . - Take care . Positive fix , Gwen Cooper . Torchwood facility warehouse . ( SIRENS BLARING ) Excellent . It is the aliens ' fault . That is where the blame should lie , not with us . We play the part of naive dupes rather than willing accomplices . We 're not willing . No one in this room is a willing accomplice . ( SIRENS BLARING ) Roads are clear . ETA Torchwood warehouse , 45 seconds . Thank you , John . Comments . - Anyone ? - This is gonna take a hell of a lot of organisation . We 'll have to stand the police down and put the army in their place . We barely have time to talk . We need to get this thing moving . Then should we reconvene at 1 800 ? Excuse me . - Lois , stop it . - I have something to say . Really ? Well , it 's nice you want to make a contribution ... - What was your name ? - Lois . Lois Habiba , sir . Well , thank you for your hard work , Lois . It 's much appreciated , but this really isn 't the best time . I 'm sorry , sir . I know I 'm only supposed to be here to take notes . But , erm , I am a voter . Listen , love , this isn 't a referendum . - Lois , could I have a word outside ? - No , but it needs saying . Lois , seriously , not now . And I 'm not just speaking on my own behalf . Just what we need , a revolutionary . If you like , sir , then that 's what I am . - Oh , yeah , you and whose army ? - Torchwood . - What ? - Don 't be ridiculous . Don 't be ridiculous . GWEN : I think she 's doing it . Good girl ! But Torchwood has been recording all these meetings . And everything that 's been said around this table , every single word , spoken by every single one of you , will be made public , unless you do exactly what Torchwood says . Oh ! Jack Harkness , Ianto Jones . We 're Torchwood . - We 've been expecting you . - On the floor ! - Face down , hands on your head . - You traced Ianto 's calls , did you ? - On the floor ! - Now that you 're here , you can take me to Alice and Steven Carter . You 'll be in the very next cell . Second thoughts , maybe I 'll just have you shot while resisting arrest . - That would be a mistake . - Why ? Take a look at what we 've been recording . How exactly are you going to make us do this ? - Torchwood 's been destroyed . - I 'm afraid not , sir . Right now , Captain Jack Harkness , head of the Torchwood Institute , is in the reception of the MI5 building . So you 're going to stand aside and let him do his job and deal with the 456 . Immediately . And , uh ... I think that 's it . What she 's telling them is my gorgeous husband has recordings of them all secretly agreeing to sacrificing millions of innocent children to the aliens . Now , him and his laptop , at this very moment , are in a secret location . And he 's ready to press send and tell the whole world exactly what 's been going on unless you do exactly as we say . Take a seat . Maybe you 'll learn something about the people you 've been working for . Come on , Clem . I want to feed the live TV pictures direct to this number . - Can you do that ? - I can do it . I 'm Captain Jack Harkness . I 've dealt with you lot before . I 'm here to explain why this time you 're not getting what you want . THE 456 : You yielded in the past . And don 't I know it . I was there . In 1 965 , I was part of that trade . And that 's why I 'm never gonna let it happen again . THE 456 : Explain . There 's a saying here on Earth . A very old , very wise friend of mine taught me it . An injury to one is an injury to all . And when people act according to that philosophy , the human race is the finest species in the universe . Never mind the philosophy . What he 's saying is you 're not getting one solitary , single child . The deal is off . - Uh , I like the philosophy . - I gathered . You yielded in the past . You will do so again . In the past , the numbers were so small they could be kept secret . But this time , that is not going to happen . Because we 've recorded everything . All the negotiations , everything the politicians said , everything that happened in this room , and those tapes will be released to the public . Unless you leave this planet for good . You yielded in the past . You will do so again . When people find out the truth , you will have over six billion angry human beings taking up arms to fight you . That might be a fight you think you can win , but at the end of it , the human race in defence of its children will fight to the death . And if I have to lead them into battle , then I will . You 've got enough information on this planet . Check your records . His name is Captain Jack Harkness . Go back 1 50 years and see what you 're facing . This is fascinating , isn 't it ? It knows I 'm watching . THE 456 : The human infant mortality rate is 29 , 1 58 deaths per day . Every three seconds , a child dies . The human response is to accept and adapt . We 're adapting right now and we 're making this a war . Then the fight begins . We 're waiting for your reply . Action has been taken . ( ALARMS BLARING ) What have you done ? You wanted a demonstration of war . A virus has been released . It will kill everyone in the building . - Can they override it ? - I don 't know . The building 's designed to withstand chemical and biological attack . Nothing or no one can get in or out . Happy now ? ( ALARMS BLARING ) ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) The air 's poisoned . Call someone . Shut down the air conditioning . Block every air vent . Get gas masks , hazard suits , oxygen cylinders ... ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) If there 's a virus , then there must be an antivirus . Release it now or I 'll blow a hole in that tank . And we 'll all die together . You made your point , now stop this and we can talk . You are dying even now . ( SCREECHING ) What 's that noise ? What 's it doing ? ( SCREECHING CONTINUES ) Turn it off , turn it off ! Clem . Clem ! ( SCREAMING ) We 've gotta get you out of here . I can survive anything , but you can 't . Too late . I breathed the air . There 's gotta be something . There 's gotta be an antidote . You said you would fight . Then I take it back , all right ? I take it all back . But not him ! No ! No , no , no , no , no . No ! No , Ianto . No . ( SCREAMING ) ( SCREAMING INTENSIFIES ) The remnant will be disconnected . ( HIGH-PITCHED SQUEAL ) ( GROANING ) Okay ? He 's dead . What about Thames House ? JOHNSON : They can 't get out . ( SOBBING ) It 's all my fault . No , it 's not . Don 't speak , save your breath . I love you , I ... Don 't . Ianto . Ianto . Ianto , stay with me . Ianto , stay with me , please . Stay with me ! Stay with me , please . Please . Hey ... It was good , yeah ? Yeah . Don 't forget me . Never could . A thousand years ' time , you won 't remember me . Yes , I will . I promise . I will . Ianto . Ianto ? Don 't go . Don 't leave me , please . Please don 't . You will die , and tomorrow your people will deliver the children . What now ? Two choices . Either we go to war against an enemy we can 't beat or we go to war against our own people for their own good . An injury to one is not an injury to all , we have to surrender . 35 million children . Or 6.7 billion people . Start putting your plan into action . 1 3 , 1 4 . ( GASPING ) ( GWEN WEEPING ) There 's nothing we can do . Civilisation 's about to fall into hell . Do you think you 're still players ? GWEN : We can try . Captain Harkness , it 's me , it 's Lois . What do we do ? But you 've seen what they do to them ! WOMAN : Where are you taking them ? GWEN : I 'm recording this , so you can see . You can see how the world ended . ( ALL YELLING )
