 Why , today is holy Christmas . [ actually he says something like ' hallowed Christmasness . ' ] Yeah , but does it have to be today ? Why not tomorrow ? Not yesterday , not tomorrow , only today there 'll be gift giving . For me , Christmas was of importance and therefore , I wanted to have some tidiness in the rocket You 're my robot . When I say , clean up , you clean up . Got it ? I 'm a sophisticated high-tech crew member and no janitor . A sophisticatedly tinkered high-tech device ? Don 't make me laugh ! Now you go cleaning up every corner , no matter how small . Go on . But in the stranger 's garbage , I found a weird device . With this device one could go to virtual places But I had no idea what this space was good for . If I was in a virtual simulation space , why was there a vending machine with beverage cans ? You 're a crook . But you won 't get away with this . Crook ! That was the great diplomatic representative of the ' Terrakana ' tribe , in full gala . This is the Futurological Congress . What else ? I was astonished . The tribes from all over the galaxy were assembled here . Why do you think that your race should be admitted to the Futurological Congress - the cosmic counsel of the luminaries ? Well , I 'm a human . And the human tribe is , err , very very wonderful . The human tribe believes in fraternalism , in peacefulness , in scientificness and in musicalness . But most importantly , the human tribe believes in perfect Creation by God . and suddenly there were trials concerning the whole humanity and their membership in an assembly I have never heard of . A long time ago , we already decided that humans can never become members , but let me refresh your memory and show you why . You can see here , the evolution on jerkwater planet Earth . After a very short development already , the first human condition evolved - the Debitales , also called ' Stupid-headed Ape ' . It won 't get better with the next evolutionary step , but even worse . and finally culminated in the worst of all cosmic fallacies - a completely bare bodied specimen - the ' Awful Hotspur ' . Hereby , I repeat that humans cannot be admitted to our assembly , Because this wayward tribe from Earth simply throws its waste into cosmos and on our planet , for many years already . What a misfortune ! Why of all things did I throw my garbage on the foreign planet today ? Quiet , please , please , please , please . Show understanding that such accusations cannot be made without evidence . Yes , I have evidence . This primitive human over there indeed throws his waste on foreign planets . If you don 't believe me , here you have a picture of his rocket at this very moment . That is your job , Mr. Tichy . I only did my job - cleaning up - just like you wanted . So , we will make a democratic election now You 're now granted a last word to the assembly - as a representative of Earth . So , go on . I have a deep pain in my soul , because you have a wrong idea of Ijon Tichy . Er , stop it , stop ! I will admit it , I will admit it myself . Please , I will tell the truth . With this cold and the stinking goulash sludge , they accidentally started the tragic evolution on dead Earth . We ' Terrakanians ' are guilty for we livened the dead planet Earth . This way the birth of a malformation in the cosmic circus started and the product only follows its innermost instincts when it throws its garbage on other planets , because it evolved in the exact same way . As a compensation , I would like to admit them to the congress . Please ! I 'm so sorry for this ugly creature . This strange thing hit me on the head and I became unconscious . But at least the rocket was clean now and the waste was gone . Why , later people said , I only made up this story . Bad people said , I had a weakness for alcohol , in which I indulge only covertly when I 'm on earth , but when I 'm on a long space journey unrestrainedly . Only God knows all the rumours there are . But that 's how people are .
