 destroyed the steering mechanism of the rocket . I put on my special space suit in order to climb on top of the rocket and fix the steering mechanism . Luckily , I had the right replacement parts in the basement of the rocket . I would need a second person to hold the bolt on the other side . I made up a complicated plan , for I was alone on the rocket . Thus , I had many hours of hard labor and the expensive tool was gone . The screw wrench orbitted around the rocket , but it was out of my reach . Hey ! Get up ! Take your tools ; we go out to repair the machine . Come on . You 're a stranger . Why do you address me informally ? [ He said ' du ' instead of the formal ' Sie ' , which one would use for a stranger . ] I said , get up and come with me . We have to repair the rocket . Get going ! Nonsense , I won 't go anywhere . Repairing the machine in a dream wouldn 't make sense . Yeah , okay , you 're Ijon Tichy , too . You can address me informally . You 're as stubborn as a mule , eh ? You will be sorry for yourself . Because I 'm the only human on this planet for so long , I doubled myself in dreams . so you can climb on top of the rocket , where we 'll fix the machine together . But I feel queasy . Are you sure that this will work ? But when you 're alone on top of the rocket , keep your fingers away from the machine for the time being . My task is to help you , but I 'm not supposed to touch anything ? Obviously , the adjustment of the holographic lense didn 't work out so well . And when I saw that by adjusting the projector , the ' nuclear pillar ' overheated , but this stupid piece of meat came by at the kitchen window every 11 minutes . I went to the library to search for a way out of my bad situation in the Cosmic Encyclopedia . Then , I pore through the star chart in seatch for an inhabited planet , where I could find help . But the whole area was a desert of cosmic gravitation vortexes . But in the floating encyclopedia there was talk about time warp . that if I could steer the rocket a bit more towards the vortex , there could be the ' vortex gravitatiosus effect ' . When in the middle of the night , I returned from the machinery hall , Obviously , the time warp was successful . Hey ! Get up ! Take your tools ; we go out to repair the machine . Come on . I - from Tuesday in front of the bed - knew that there was such a thing . I 'm from Wednesday of course . But doesn 't matter . Come on now , we go up and fix the machine . In the night from Monday to Tuesday , Monday became Tuesday . You are . The only good thing is , you will experience the same rubbish as I do , when you 're in Wednesday . I knew what that meant . I also knew I couldn 't convince this stubborn donkey . But the idea that the time vortex could spin forever , creeped me out . The local Wednesday , near the kitchen stove , was finally gone into the past . so , the following vortex would bend the time from Friday back to today 's Wednesday . The one from Friday wouldn 't let me inside the bathroom by obviously loitering . What 's the matter ? You 're lying , huh ? Why do you lie ? She says , her memory has been erased by a technical defect . Why , later people said , I only made up this story . Bad people said , I had a weakness for alcohol , in which I indulge only covertly when I 'm on earth , but when I 'm on a long space journey unrestrainedly . Only God knows all the rumours there are . But that 's how people are .
