 hereby I want to empower you to participate on our ' best robot ' competitioncy " . Your application and the description of your robot made us curious as a cat before the mousehole . With great excitement we await the presentation of your - as you call it : 'sophisticatedly tinkered high-tech machine device ' . Tell me , how far is it to the ' Prozytic Planet ' ? Mr. Tichy ? I didn 't notice that you constructed something new . When I came close to the planet ' Prozytia ' , I turned on the ' primary bragging mode ' . This lamp was used to show that one has a really terrific rocket . and I wanted to show that I had the newest model of the rocket . Thus , I went to the roof of the rocket , in order to see what was broken . Soon I realized that the can containing the color was empty . Do you have disturbances ? I tinkered you with my own hands . It 's apparant , you are a machine device . But Mr. Tichy ! It 's obvious that I 'm no apparatus composed of single components . She was colored . So it came to my mind , where I had implemented the second coulor can . I wish you a pleasant landing and welcome you to our ' Prozytic planet ' . Welcome ! The demonstration of my ' halluzinetic ' robot had to take place here , in the kitchen . You 're a damn robot ; and machine devices don 't get sick or miscalculates or is tired - I bet it 's the ' Mars measles ' - at the minimum . I thought about it - the error was caused by a bypass . So I did a second bypass . Maybe I was lucky and the error would go away . Mr. Tichy , I 'm here to tell you that we - the competition comission - will do the examination of your robot not until this evening . That 's better . This year there is quite some competition , many high-tech robots . If she only simulated a disease , It came to my mind that maybe I was such an ingenious inventor and constructor that my creation was so equal to a human that she even could get ill . These pox were proof ! I was the greatest ' genius-head ' that exists . I wanted to use my time to see what the others in competition have built . Ouch ! Ouch ! There is no door . This hurts . Ouch ! This hurts . Ouch ! When I saw what my colleagues have built , my mood got better . Winning this competition would be no problem . Normally , I 'm modest , but I have to clap me on my own shoulder and praise myself . You got sick and infected me . That 's the proof ! I 'm a ' genius-head ' ! Well well , a genius , right ? I think your most ingenious trait is , imagining things you would like to believe . Err , my suggestion would be ' Idiotus Genius Pocus ' . Or ' Pocus imaginarius ' . Until the demonstration I have to be as fit as a fiddle again . Now I was in a hurry . I had to get well again very quickly . So I looked for my 'Finnish whole-body sauna machine dress ' . Hello . Down here . Good Evening . We 're the competition commission . Can 't we have a tiny little look at the robot ? Mr. Tichy said , it was such a great machine device . Ms. Tichy , can you do us a favour and tell the great inventor , constructor Ijon Tichy that he hasn 't got the slightest chance to win the competition with this . Why , later people said , I only made up this story . Bad people said , I had a weakness for alcohol , in which I indulge only covertly when I 'm on earth , but when I 'm on a long space journey unrestrainedly . Only God knows all the rumours there are . But that 's how people are .
