 There is something missing from our world . The amazing animals that time has left behind . But what if we could bring them back ? What if extinction didn 't have to be for ever ? We ' re going back in time on a safari with a difference as wildlife adventurer Nigel Marven plunges into prehistory to rescue creatures on the brink of extinction . His plan is to bring them back to the safety of the present and give them a second chance . His next adventure is into the Ice Age where he 'll come face to face with a woolly rhino , survive a showdown with a colossal cave bear and solve the mystery of what is killing the last mammoth on Earth . Welcome to the ultimate wildlife sanctuary . Welcome to Prehistoric Park ! Prehistoric Park is starting to come to life . Amongst the hills and valleys of this huge reserve , dinosaurs are getting used to their surroundings . ( Squawking ) One day , Nigel Marven plans to breed extinct animals in captivity . But for now , he 's starting off by only bringing a few of each species back to see how they get on in the 21 st century . The Park 's latest newcomers seem to be settling in well . Stop right there ! Right , keep the tension at the back . What an ingenious contraption ! How are they ? Not bad , but they 're big beasts with big appetites . Head Park Keeper Bob and his team are facing their first big challenge - keeping the Park 's two baby T-Rex happy . When Nigel found them , they had just been orphaned after their mother was fatally injured in a fight . Nigel saved them from certain death just before a massive meteorite hit . T ake it away ! Y eah , all right , bring that round . Feeding the T-Rex means meat and plenty of it . When they arrived at the Park , the T-Rex were half-starved , but they 've been making up for it ever since . I 'm not telling Bob everything about T - Rex feeding habits , and Pete 's so depressed ! T - Rex babies grow very fast . Terence and Matilda will double their size every year until they grow to the length of a double-decker bus and weigh five tons . ( N igel ) They ' re voracious ! Look at that , leaping for that ! You see those teeth ? They 've got serrated teeth like sharks and slice off chunks of flesh . No wonder they eat so much ! They 're polishing that off ! I wouldn 't like to be in there , I tell you ! ( Roars ) Now Nigel 's planning his next adventure . Hello . He 's decided to rescue one of the most famous of all extinct animals , the woolly mammoth , the long-lost relative of modern-day elephants . I adore elephants and they have a long history . There are many species of elephant in the past - the mastodons and mammoth . People think they had the same social history , but I want to travel back in time and find out whether that 's true and maybe bring a woolly mammoth back to Prehistoric Park . Would you like to meet a woolly mammoth ? As in any conservation project , it 's the most endangered animals Nigel wants to rescue , so he 's got to travel back to the time that mammoths were on their last legs . That was at the end of the Ice Age . Freezing plains were the home to huge herds of mammoth , but 10 , 000 years ago , it all changed . Their world was turned upside down because of global warming . The ice was disappearing and so were the mammoths . This is at the end of the last Ice Age . It was still cold , but the ice sheets were receding northwards and the mammoths were going there too . The last surviving mammoths were found here , just east of the Urals in Siberia . By going back to the brink of extinction , he 'll see for himself what killed off these magnificent beasts and get his chance to save the woolly mammoth . The time portal is set to take him back to the last Ice Age , 10 , 000 years ago . Here in the Ice Age , the warming of the climate has changed this world . What once was rich , open grassland covered in grazing mammoths has now been invaded by dense forest . This is no place for a mammoth . Finding the last ones left alive is not going to be easy . ( Wind howls ) We 've gone for miles and this forest is limitless . The climate 's warming and caterpillars can survive on pine needles , but a six-ton mammoth , no way , there 's just not enough nutrition . It 's this lack of good food that 's brought the mammoth population to its knees . It looks like there 's nothing but trees here . But at last Nigel finds something to break the monotony . A prehistoric cave he can 't resist exploring . ( Growling ) No sudden moves . ( Growls ferociously ) Nigel has chosen the wrong creature to disturb . Cave bears stand 13 feet tall , weighing up to three-quarters of a ton , and are more muscular than any other bear . Get moving ! Run ! Drop the camera if you have to ! J ust move , move , move ! Move ! Cave bears may be huge , but luckily they can 't climb trees . There you are , I 'm up here ! I 'm sorry about that . I was sure they were extinct ... at this time . But what an exciting find ! We 've got to go and see it . As long as we don 't startle it , we can watch it foraging . There he is . I can tell he 's a male cave bear . The female has much smaller proportions . I 'm certain he was hibernating in that cave and he 's packing in berries and the early spring vegetation . Bears are not very carnivorous . They feed on anything . He wasn 't hunting us . Because we disturbed him , he chased us . Cave bears won 't be around for much longer . ( Growls ) Nigel can 't save every endangered animal he finds , so this time he lets sleeping bears lie . It 's time to get back to the business of finding a mammoth . Nigel decides the best way to spot a mammoth is to get up high to scout the terrain . It 's so disappointing to come back 10,000 years to mammoth country and all I can see is trees , trees , thousands of them . Mammoth , they need plains and grasslands and there 's none of that anywhere here . The changing habitat is not the only reason Nigel can 't find a mammoth . He knows that another factor has driven them to the brink of extinction . Mammoths are hunted by Ice Age Man . I think our only chance is a break over there at the base of the mountains . There may be some grassland and we may find them there . And then a clue that mammoth may not be too far away . It 's the most exciting find yet . I just saw it gleaming . This has been carved from a mammoth tusk . ( High note ) Some kind of instrument . The hunters could still be around . And if they 're around , the mammoths could be too . And before long , there is a sign that at last Nigel 's getting warmer . Quick , here , look ! At last , vital clues ! Look at these massive footprints ! Can only be a woolly mammoth . This is the front footprint going that way . Now look ... Look at this ! A concrete clue at last . Mammoth dung . Looks gross , but it 's not . Plant vegetation goes through the stomach virtually unchanged . They 're useless at digesting plant cell wall cellulose , so they have to feed for 16 hours a day . And the crucial thing is it 's still warm , so this is fresh . The mammoth can 't be far away . Ssh ! ( Distant trumpeting ) I can hear something . Over there , I think . But Nigel 's in for a shock . At last , mammoth ! And there could be more than one . There 's two . There 's one down . It looks like there 's a mammoth trap . The second one 's not moving at all . We 'll try to get in closer , but there 's something not right . It looks like Ice Age hunters have beaten him to it . ( Mournful cries ) I thought as much . This is a killing field . The hunters , they 've dug a pit , covered it with snow . The mammoth 's fallen in , they 've speared her to death . There 's another one staying by her dead herd mate . This could be one of the last mammoths remaining on Earth . Listen . Oh , that is heart-rending ! She 's making this grumbling sound with her stomach . She 's trying to communicate to her dead herd mate . It 's a stomach rumble they do . She won 't get a response . And she looks sick . Head held low , ears close against her head . ( Rumbling ) You 're OK , sweetheart . Keep calm . OK , OK . ( Distressed cry ) ( Grumbling roar ) We 've got two females - hair , dainty , straight . Tusks on ... all mammoths , much bigger tusk , corkscrew curve ... at the end . What 's happened is this one has stayed behind to defend her herd mate and she 's been injured as well . Hello , girl . She 's so weak , she can hardly lift her trunk . And it 's likely that the one that 's been killed is this one 's sister . Mammoth populations got smaller because of climate change , but this drove them to extinction - over-hunting by early peoples . The most horrifying thing is they didn 't know any better , but we 're still doing this sort of thing to rare animals in the 21 st century . I 'm sure this is why she looks poorly . It 's a broken-off spear . She was probably defending the one in the pit and was attacked . There 's a wound in the shoulder . We 've got to do something quickly or it could flare up to a serious infection . Nigel is faced with a dilemma . Right now , the mammoth is too weak to walk through the time portal , but if he leaves , the hunters could come back to finish her off . Somehow he needs to get her back on her feet . He calls in his team who are scouting nearby . We 've got a very sick mammoth who needs rescuing , so get here as soon as you can . 'OK , we 'll be straight over . ' Back at the Park , Bob 's busy with problems of his own . Lovely . He 's having trouble looking after some of the dinosaurs Nigel has brought back . He decided to treat Ornithomimus like ostriches and put them in a paddock , but they aren 't doing well here . They just won 't eat the grass . I thought they look like an ostrich , they 've got a mainly vegetarian diet , so I put them in an ostrich enclosure . That was an easy mistake because although an Ornithomimus might look like and act like an ostrich 's prehistoric cousin , they don 't like ostrich feed . But Bob has noticed that these dinosaurs have more in common with Daffy Duck than Emu . The answer lies in their teeth or lack of them . An Ornithomimus hasn 't got any teeth . The inside of its mouth is very rough . That 's very similar to ducks and geese , so I thought , " Well , ducks , geese ... ponds . " Why don 't I give them their own pond , then they can find their own food ? " All he has to do now is to convince THEM it 's a good idea . ( Squawking ) Come on . That 's it now . Out you come . Come on . ( Excited squawking ) Look at them go ! Hopefully , the Ornithomimus will love the pond , if they can calm down long enough to find it ! Back in the Ice Age , the team arrive soon with some antibiotics . It 's the only way to fight the infection that is rapidly taking over the mammoth 's body . - We ' re just gonna have to try it . - OK . It 's really desperate . We 'll lose her if we don 't do anything . One in four elephants , once they go down , they never get up . We have to hope she 's back on her feet in the morning and we can get her back to Prehistoric Park . ( Anguished cry ) Nigel ! Nigel ! Nigel ! Just there in the woods . It 's evening and the hunters are back to claim their prize . Everyone 's a bit nervous . We think the hunters are coming in closer . We were gonna take it in shifts to watch her through the night , but I 'm gonna ... She 's so sick , you just feel she needs some companionship . ( Wolves howl ) As night falls , the prospect of easy meat attracts some more unwanted visitors . There 's hyenas prowling . I can see their yellow eyes shine . If the wolves come closer , their eyes will shine green . And the worst predator of all , the human hunters know that the kill is there . And humans have no eye shine at all , so they 're the hardest to spot . It 's going to be a long night . ( Howling ) No ! Get away , get away ! Leave her ! Leave her ! Nigel 's managed to ward off the wolves , but he knows his job is far from done . The mammoth is only safe if he can keep the rest of the predators at bay . The hunters are at the edge of the forest . I knew they 'd return for the kill . Perhaps it 's just the sight of Nigel , but fortunately they don 't come in any closer . You 're all right , baby . You 're all right . Dawn . She 's still alive , but will she be strong enough to get back on her feet ? You can tell a dog 's healthy by a wet nose . You 've got a wet trunk . Ohh ... ( Moans ) OK , keep calm . The ears are coming forward . Back off , back off . Even though she 's woozy , she can still charge . Keep calm . She 's not showing any aggression towards us . She 's going back with her dead sister . ( Anguished cry ) It 's so exciting she 's up , but we 've got to get her away from her sister and that 's going to be difficult . The big question is will the mammoth leave her Ice Age world and follow Nigel back to the 21st century ? There 's only one way to find out . ( Trumpets ) Walk on . That 's it . Walk further . Come on . Come on , you can do it . Come on . Come on . Come on , then . Come on . She 's made it back to Prehistoric Park , but she 's in urgent need of help . Suzanne , I 've got a mammoth . She 's injured ! Get here fast ! Prehistoric Park 's head vet Suzanne hasn 't looked after a mammoth before , but she 's hoping that what she knows about elephants will help . We 're just giving her a light sedative so she 'll lie here and let me do this . She 's got a really deep , horrible infected wound with this thing stuck in it . I 'm seeing if I can get it out . An important difference between mammoths and elephants is the layer of fat beneath the skin . In mammoths , it 's an incredible three inches . She 's got this really thick layer of fat . She 's an Ice Age creature , so it 's to keep her warm , but it means this is really hard to get out . It 's like a spearhead or something . We 'll treat it like an elephant wound , just leave it open , not stitch it . Elephants , they just heal up . It takes a long time , but she 'll form a scar there . OK ... I 'll need to give her another shot of antibiotics in a couple of days . The camera 's working . With the spear tip removed and the mammoth back on her feet , it looks like she 's on the road to recovery . Nigel hopes that now she 'll be ready to start her new life at the park . Later that day , she is moved to her enclosure . The team decide to call her Martha . It 's feeding time at Prehistoric Park . The T-Rex are putting on weight . And the Ornithomimus love their new pond and their new duck feed . You like this , don 't you ? The beaks on these creatures allow them to sieve their food , more like ducks than ostriches . I was right about the pond . The Ornithomimus love it . Look at them . They 're dabbling about like ducks . We 've given them a real home from home . Oh , they love it . In fact , you could even call them ' duckasaurus ' . Everyone is enjoying their food . Everyone , that is , except for Martha . There 's a big problem - she hasn 't eaten since she got here . Keep piling it in . Vet Suzanne is very concerned . - How is she ? - Not too well , unfortunately . She 's just not eating anything at all . We 're trying new hay every day . And she 's not interested . Can you get Bob to get fresh grass ? We 'll try that . - Yeah , I 'll go and see him . - OK , thanks . I 'm not sure what the problem is at all . We thought this would be a suitable enclosure for her . The elephants like it , but she doesn 't seem very happy . Her clinical exam 's normal , blood tests have been fine , her temperature 's normal , her wound is not infected . I just don 't know what the problem is . If she doesn 't eat soon , she 'll not be OK . Martha needs to eat well to regain her strength . If she doesn 't , the infection might take hold again and that could kill her . Could you sign this , please ? Back at the surgery , Suzanne does some more research . This is a fossilised mammoth 's tooth and this is a real elephant 's tooth . Really similar grinding and wear patterns . That 's not the problem . I think it may be the grass or a different digestive system . I 'm just not sure . Martha 's getting weaker . Something needs to be done . Martha 's seriously sick and we 've got to move quickly . I plan to go back 150,000 years when mammoth populations were flourishing . There will be lots of healthy animals . I can find out what makes them healthy and maybe we can save Martha . 150 , 000 years ago , the world was in the full grip of the Ice Age . Woolly mammoths were everywhere from the west of Europe to the east of Asia . Compared to his last trip , it 's even colder and , because it 's dry , lots of different kinds of grass grow here . Nigel should have no problem finding out what mammoths like to eat . It 's a real different feeling . No trees , perfect climate and vegetation for mammoths . They 're flourishing . The females have much smaller tusks than the males . They 're following the lead of one animal and she 's the matriarch . She could be 60 years of age . She maintains cohesiveness in the herd . They stop when she stops , sleep when she sleeps and feed and drink when she does . There 's a patch of green down there . That 's an area of vegetation where we should go to get these plant samples . ( Trumpet calls ) There 's a commotion in the herd . The matriarch is leading them away . I don 't know why . I can 't see a predator . There . It 's a big bull mammoth , a male mammoth , and he 's in musk , which means he 's ready to mate . When they 're in this state , they 've got four times the amount of testosterone and they can be really irritable and aggressive . He 's driving the herd away . He 's investigating all the females , seeing if there 's one that 's ready to mate . It 's such an enchanting sight . It 's like an extended family - mothers and calves , there 's aunties , there 's sisters ... And they all seem to be thriving on their grassland diet . Look how rich it is . It 's so ... diverse . Grasses and mosses and all sorts of things . They need a lot of vegetation . Sometimes they have to have 200kg , twice my weight in food , every day . And they forage on things like this over here . They may get vitamins and things from twigs like that . We need to get a big sample , take it back for an analysis and get Martha feeding again . He came here to find out about their food , but he 's learning a lot more . Like elephants , mammoths seem to have a strong bond between the herd . Something 's wrong down there . There 's a calf in a muddy pond . It 's on its own and really struggling . They 've noticed . Mammoths are going over . The matriarch , she 's going as well . Come on , girl . He 's really in trouble there , a tiny calf . Can 't be more than a month or so old . ( Calf cries out ) And that 's what the matriarch does . Whenever there 's trouble , she helps . Mammoths aren 't the only creatures tucking in to the rich grassland . ( Growl ) I 've seen these in the textbooks . It 's an Elasmotherium , a prehistoric rhinoceros , twice the size of modern rhinos , weighs up to five tonnes . The Elasmotherium will soon be extinct , dying out as the climate gets warmer and its habitat disappears . I can feel the breeze on my face . We 're downwind of him . Very , very poor eyesight . He 's got to get very close to see us . But if he does , he could charge , and that horn is formidable . It 's as long as I 'm tall , nearly two metres . And he 'd have no hesitation about charging and impaling me with that . That would really spoil my weekend . But you wouldn 't want to be trampled on by an angry bull mammoth either . ( Mammoth roars ) ( Fierce cry ) ( Roars ) Although safe from the bull mammoth , Nigel needs to retrieve the plant bag , but now he 's got his eye on something much bigger to take back to the park . This is his chance to save the Elasmotherium from extinction , but it means taking a huge risk and using himself as bait . ( Growls ) Get these veg samples ! ( Roar ) Ohh ! Close the gate ! ( Bellowing roar ) OK , let him through ! We 've got it ! The large male Elasmotherium is now the latest addition to Prehistoric Park . All right , Nigel ? What 's going on ? I don 't believe it ! Only you could go away to collect a few grasses and get that ! - He 's magnificent , isn 't he ? - Suzanne ? You 'd better get over here . Nigel 's got a little surprise for us . Look at that ! Nigel heads straight over to see whether he can tempt Martha with his Ice Age grass samples . Come on , Martha . Come on . This is prehistoric salad . Come on . - ( Growls ) - Come on . This is salad from the Ice Age . Come on . She just won 't be enticed . She just won 't feed at all . It 's anthropomorphic to say it , but she looks lonely . The mammoths I saw , the females at least , were always in big groups . There were aunts , grandmas , mums , calves , sisters . I would have brought another one back , but her sister was killed by the hunters . In elephant societies , only bulls are on their own . Cows are always with others . So maybe she needs some companionship . Could that be the answer - the reason that Martha 's not eating is the fact that she 's all alone ? Some creatures are well-suited to being on their own , like the Elasmotherium , who is settling in well to his new home . But just as elephants need to be close to their family , so do mammoths . Martha , barely able to stand up , is dying of loneliness . Nigel calls a meeting to propose a radical idea . She 's literally pining to death . They 're herd animals . She 's stuck on her own , she 's got no companionship , they 're closely related ... Could we put them together ? The precedent has been set to put elephants in with established herds . I don 't think it 's a bad idea to see how we go with Martha . Our herd 's established , it 's got a pecking order , a matriarch . What if Martha becomes the dominant female ? Surely we can just do it slowly . If there 's a big problem , split them up . - If we don 't do something , she 'll die . - It 's a risk we 've got to take . It 's a team decision , but will it work ? It 's an important day at Prehistoric Park . Nigel and his team are about to introduce an Ice Age mammoth to an elephant herd . I ' m petrified about this . It 's difficult enough putting a strange elephant into an established herd , but when you try to do it with a mammoth ... But it 's Martha 's last chance . Nigeljust hopes he 's doing the right thing . The plan is to introduce Martha to the head of the elephant herd . If she 's accepted by the matriarch , then she 'll be accepted by the rest of the herd . While it has its risks , it could save Martha 's life . There we go . - It 's gonna be OK . - Bit risky , innit ? It 's our only chance . Elephants can be very unpredictable when faced with the unfamiliar . Nerve-racking , isn 't it ? She 's sensing everything , smelling everything that 's going on . I 'm pleased she 's walking up . She doesn 't seem to be really apprehensive . She seems really good , really happy . It 's a good start , though . Better than we thought . The way with her trunk she 's making overtures of friendship , at least . This looks like it 's working . It 's amazing . Matriarchs have been known to kill elephants trying to come into the herd , - but nothing like that . - It 's great . Look at that . ( Both call ) - What do you think ? Should we ... ? - Yeah , I think we should go for it . OK , Bob . Open the gate , please . All the signs are good . Good girls . It looks as though Martha the mammoth has been accepted by the elephant herd . It 's working ! Next time on Prehistoric Park ,
