 There is something missing from our world . The amazing animals that time has left behind . But what if we could bring them back ? What if extinction didn 't have to be for ever ? We 're going back in time on a safari with a difference as wildlife adventurer Nigel Marven plunges into prehistory to rescue creatures on the brink of extinction . His plan is to bring them back to the safety of the present and give them a second chance . This time , Nigel 's going back 75 million years to prehistoric Texas . He wants to catch one of the top predators of all time - a crocodile so huge that it hunted dinosaurs ! Welcome to the ultimate wildlife sanctuary . Welcome to Prehistoric Park . Prehistoric Park 's mission to bring back extinct animals has been a big success . A herd of hungry Titanosaurs , two large and dangerous T-Rex and a flock of Ornithomimus are just a few of the Park 's current residents . But according to Nigel , there 's still room for one more huge reptile , as head keeper Bob is about to find out . Bob 's come to feed Henry , one of the Park 's modern-day residents , a four-metre long Nile crocodile . But even Henry and his friends will soon have to watch their backs , because Nigel wants to bring back one of these - a prehistoric crocodile . - ( Bob ) What the heck is that ? - It 's a cast . Can we turn it round , boys ? It 's the skull of Deinosuchus . Based on the fossils , I had it made . So that 's the head . Watch this , mate . Look . The tail would be here . It 's that long ! And weighing up to nine tonnes , Deinosuchus is the biggest crocodile ever . I think he 's being a bit ambitious . You see our Nile crocodiles over there ? We have enough trouble with them . How he 'II get a 50-foot Deinosuchus through the time portal is a mystery to me . I think he might have overstretched himself . To catch a live Deinosuchus , Nigel is about to go back 75 million years to prehistoric Texas . Back then , North America was very different from today , split into three separate islands by a vast inland sea . The swampy coastline of prehistoric Texas provided the perfect habitat for giant crocs . At this point in prehistory , there are more than giant crocs to worry about . Right now , North America is also home to a whole host of dinosaurs , many of them large predators . It 's an exciting new world to explore . ( Distant cry ) I 've just been here a couple of minutes and my first dinosaur . And they look vegetarian . I can go closer to them . Come on ! slow down ! Moving so fast . I 've seen fossils of these . I 'm pretty sure they 're Parasaurolophus . Some dinosaurs stand upright all of the time , but these spend most of the time on all fours . They only run bipedally to move fast . I think they were chased by predators , but now they 're down on all fours . And that means that they feel like they 're safe . That 's good for me as well . Hopefully , whatever was chasing them is staying back there . They are lovely . They 're not nervous at all . Hey , what are you doing round the Jeep ? You are gorgeous ! Don 't nibble my rope ! What are you doing ? You 've never seen anything like me before , have you ? ( alarmed cry ) These are the hunters , AIbertosaurus . Albertosaurus are early ancestors of T-Rex . ( Roars ) If you rev the engine , they 're nervous about approaching , but it won 't take them long to get used to this noise . Quick ! They 're charging ! They 're coming at us now . ( Roars ) They are really shifting . More lightweight than T-Rex . We 're moving about 30 . Over 30 - 38 miles per hour . ( Roaring ) And they 've given up now , turned away . Back at Prehistoric Park , head keeper Bob struggles to keep up with his workload . At the top of his very long list is looking after the Park 's biggest residents , the leaf-eating Titanosaurs . He 's worked out that to keep their monster appetites at bay he needs to plant 2 , 000 trees a year . And the Titanosaurs themselves are not helping . Typical . You know , one day Nigel 's going to bring back something small and cuddly . Elsewhere , head vet Suzanne is also working hard on a breeding programme for the Park 's Sabre Tooth cats . Brought back from the South American plains of 10 , 000 years ago , at first the two adults were reluctant to get together . ( Roar ) Hey , come on , come on . But Suzanne 's efforts have paid off and there are two brand-new arrivals . Come on . Hey ... Hey ! Their mother wasn 't able to produce enough milk to feed them naturally . In the wild they would have died . Suzanne doesn 't know why the mother 's milk dried up . Now the cubs have been hand-fed , the maternal bond is broken forever . If they were put back in with their mother , the chances are she would kill them . The cubs are feeding well , but it 's lots of work for Suzanne . OK , just wait . You 're next . Just wait . It 's really demanding hand-rearing them . Their sabre teeth won 't come through yet , but they 'II be able to eat meat in a couple of months . ( Meows ) In prehistoric Texas , Nigel has arrived at the shores of the vast sea that covers much of America at this time . It 's the perfect place to look for giant crocs . This sea here will one day become northeast Texas . I 'm standing right where Dallas will be . We 're here because most Deinosuchus fossils were found in that part of Texas . Like estuarine crocodiles in Australia and Papua New Guinea in the 21st century , Deinosuchus made forays into the open ocean to feed . ( Distant roars ) Hey ! Hey ! Oi ! Oi ! Go on , keep away ! You 'II damage the paintwork ! Oi ! They 've stopped . I think they feel safe . Parasaurolophus , they 're Hadrosaurs , a common group in the late Cretaceous . They 've got these duck bills for grinding vegetation . These cones on top of their head are for display . They 're pretty big , about 10 metres , over 30 feet long . Weigh in at five or six tonnes . It really puts what we 're looking for in perspective . The Deinosuchus can actually take out dinosaurs like that as prey . ( Bellowing ) Look . I think ... we can have some fun with this . I need to modify it a bit . He 's no Doctor Dolittle , but Nigel wants to strike up a conversation . Let 's see if they respond to this . ( Trumpets ) The distinctive voices of the Parasaurolophus are down to their hollow crests . I 'm talking to the dinosaurs ! A Jeep is not the best way to spot a Deinosuchus . Nigel needs to try something different . There 's some flying ... some flying reptiles . There 's a flock of Pterosaurs . Beautiful ! The flock 's a Iong way off , but by the colour and the head shape I 'm pretty sure ... ( Screeching ) Pterosaurs spot their prey from the air . Luckily , Nigel 's team has brought something to help him do the same . Prop clear ! ( Screeching ) Nyctosaurus is a type of flying reptile . Their extraordinary crests are used for display , much like the tail of a peacock . Just down there there 's a Nyctosaurus fishing . Look , it 's skimming the waves , the lower beak goes into the water . Snap ! Got one ! The Nyctosaurus is going down for another fish . Wow ! Catching a Deinosuchus in open ocean is virtually impossible , but from his aerial vantage point Nigel soon spots a better hunting ground . There 's another Deinosuchus down there , just swimming up that creek . The giant crocs must live up river , but to catch one he must leave the safety of the air and confront it in its own territory . Back in the 21st century , Suzanne has managed to get some time away from the Sabre Tooth cubs . She 's come to visit Martha the Mammoth , who 's got problems of her own . Nigel rescued Martha from ice Age hunters , but when she first arrived at the Park , she seemed lonely . Suzanne introduced her to the Park 's herd of elephants . Martha seemed much happier , but joining a herd is a slow process . She 's still got a long way to go . ( Low growl ) ( Trumpets ) Just like elephants , mammoths are highly social animals . It 's vital for Martha 's health that the herd treat her as one of their own . Martha 's trying to look after the matriarch 's calf to become accepted . The matriarch 's really not impressed . She doesn 't want Martha around at all . ( Angry growl ) She 's being really mean to her , quite aggressive , to make her go away . Martha 's just wandering off by herself again . Poor thing , she 's on her own . To find the croc , we 've got no choice but to do this , but I feel a Iittle vulnerable . And all there is between me and a huge Deinosuchus is this frail boat . The key to staying alive in giant croc country is to keep your eyes peeled at all times . Aagh ! Oh ! Wow . I think he went down . He 's away . A couple of miles upstream , Nigel finally finds what he 's looking for . This seems a perfect habitat for Deinosuchus . Easy access to the sea , a big freshwater lake and big sandbanks . There ! Five or six Deinosuchus basking on that sandbank . And there , there 's that herd of dinosaurs , the Parasaurolophus . So there 's big predators and their prey . The herd ofParasaurolophus that Nigel met on the beach need fresh water . Despite the dangers , they 've had to come to this lake to drink . I should be safe , sneaking up on them like this . Unless there 's a mother crocodile guarding the nest , they rarely attack on the land - they launch assaults from the water . This is as close ... as you need to get . These are the biggest crocodiles that have ever lived . One Deinosuchus weighs as much as a double-decker bus . These are immense ! And there 's some down there with their mouths open . They do that just like dogs panting to actually lose a bit of heat . Those colossal jaws ... I 've been close to fish-eating kinds of crocodiles . They 've got narrow jaws for sweeping through the water , through shoals of fish , but Deinosuchus is adapted for dragging down huge prey . This crocodile feeds on dinosaurs . ( Growling ) The Parasaurolophus are milling about on the other bank . I think they 'II go to drink and when they do , I bet they are at risk from these . If we can get over there , we may see some hunting . That was a spectacular sighting , but it 's such a shame . Those Deinosuchus , those awe-inspiring crocodiles , are soon going to be extinct . They 've got very specialised habitat requirements and soon these sandbanks will be flooded by the sea . We 've got to save one for Prehistoric Park . ( Bellowing calls ) There 's a young Parasaurolophus on its own away from the herd . It 's showing no caution at all . Straight to the water 's edge . Most animals are really wary when drinking . Maybe because Deinosuchus are rare , it 's never experienced them before and doesn 't realise there 's danger lurking in the water . It 's Ieapt out there ! The Parasaurolophus is being dragged back . ( Screeches ) ( Bellows ) The young dinosaur has no hope against such a large predator . Other Deinosuchus soon join the feast , taking it in turns to hold the carcass while others roll , pulling off lumps of flesh . But how do you catch one of these prehistoric monsters without ending up inside it ? At the Park , Bob and his team are struggling with the unusual demands of looking after so many prehistoric animals , like this Terror Bird , rescued from South America a million years ago . The little rascal 's done this twice now . It likes a dust bath , just like some other birds . Trouble is , it 's been taking the bath too close to the fence . Once he gets his head under , he 's away . I 've been meaning to replace the whole fence and dig the posts three or four feet down , but I just haven 't had the chance . So this is just a temporary measure . Fire-fighting , if you Iike . It slides in and out of the water there . If you can start putting the stakes in , I 'II draw these lines . Take it right down to the water . Don 't worry about these reeds . They 're camouflage . Nigel seems to think he can catch a giant croc with just a few wooden stakes and some rope . We 've strategically placed it next to a Deinosuchus slide . The scales have gouged out a pathway . And , hopefully , the crocodile will come up here , be funnelled in by these stakes . It gets narrower and narrower . It 's higgledy-piggledy . That 's important . We 're just putting the finishing touches here . Because it 's bending and curving , when the crocodile gets up here , it 's funnelled into this narrow portion and it can 't back out . If it does , the tail gets caught up with the stakes up here . I 'm going to add an extra enticement , get a big hunk of meat . It 'II smell it and that 'II be an extra inducement to walk all the way up here . I need to get that from the Jeep . Having arrived at the lake by boat , Nigel needs to get back to the Jeep , parked on the beach several miles away . There is a shortcut . The trouble is , prehistoric forests are dangerous places . ( Rustling ) Did you hear that ? There 's something crashing about here . I 'm worried about the AIbertosaurus . The fossils are found often in groups . We 've seen two , but there may be a whole pack . ( Screeching ) I definitely feel like there 's something watching me . ( Rustling ) There 's something there ! Luckily , Nigel 's stalker turns out to be a lot smaller than an Albertosaurus . This is a species from my field guide . I 've always wanted to see them . Under better circumstances , of course - stealing the meat ! This is Troodon . The first dinosaur ever described in America . The same group as Velociraptors . They 've got that big claw on the back leg . They don 't use that for killing prey like raptors do . See one there . They use it to hold down the meat so they can pull away bits of flesh . These are clever blighters . Relative to their size , they have the biggest brains of any dinosaur . I 've got to stop that ! ( Air horn ) ( Screeching ) At Prehistoric Park , it 's all hands on deck . Even head keeper Bob has to get his hands dirty . This is one of the less glamorous sides of being a park-keeper ! Phew ! At least that fella seems to be happy enough here , judging by all he eats and the amount of dung he 's creating . And this stuff really smells ! - ( Squawks ) - Here we go again . Hello , Control Room ? Bob here . Can you send somebody down as soon as possible . The Terror Bird is out again . Yeah , they know what to bring . Bob out . AII right , you just stay there , son . There you are . Keep your eyes on me . ( Whistles ) ( Bob ) That 's it , lads . Go on now . It takes more than bird seed to catch a Terror Bird . As voracious predators , what they like is meat . ( Bob ) There you go . There he goes . AII right . Right . Another panic over . Dear , oh , dear . Jim , give us a hand with this , please . We 've got to stop dithering here . Back in prehistory , Nigel is baiting his crocodile trap with the last of the meat . It really does smell , doesn 't it ? Thanks , mate . We 've got time to set up camp . Nothing will come here until the wind changes . We need it to blow towards the lake to carry the meaty smell and draw them out of the water . The wind has totally changed direction . Look at the leaves now . I 'm going to check the trap . See you later , guys . The bait certainly seems to be attracting animals , just not the right ones . Oi ! Leave that ! Leave that ! It seems Troodon are even more common than Nigel thinks . Hey ! Leave that ! Hey ! ( Man ) Nigel ? - What 's happened ? - They 've taken the meat . I don 't believe it . We 've got no chance against them . They can see really well in Iow light levels . They 've scurried off deep into the bushes . I just don 't know what we 're going to do now . The remaining scraps of meat are just too small to attract a giant croc . Nigel will have to think of a new plan in the morning . ( Distant roar ) Next day , Nigel is woken by worrying noises from the lake shore . There 's something going on over there . It sounds like an AIbertosaurus . Look ! There 's one really close . ( Growls ) ( Whispers ) It 's so close . They 're oblivious to us . Let 's follow . Oh , my gosh . This is terrifying . We 'II hide down behind this bush . Get in this bush . ( Roaring ) Three AIbertosaurus , they 've pulled down an adult , it looks like , Parasaurolophus . And the Deinosuchus are approaching . This is going to be a battle royal . It seems that dinosaurs don 't always rule the roost . ( Roars ) The AIbertosaurus , even though they 're the biggest predator on the land , they 're backing off , backing down from Deinosuchus . The animal we 've come back for really is the top predator of this time . ( Hisses ) Back at the Park , Martha the Mammoth is looking more isolated than ever . ( Low moan ) I 'm really worried about Martha . She 's separated from the herd , by herself . I 'm worried that she 'II stop eating . It 's a really big concern . I 'm really worried . ( Nigel ) Keep those posts rigid ... Back in prehistoric Texas , Nigel 's briefing the team on his new and dangerous plan to trap a Deinosuchus . See you later . See what happens here . With hardly any meat left , he 's going to use himself as bait . This is desperate . What I 'm going to try to do is cause some vibrations in the water , just like that young dinosaur when it came down to drink . Vibrations attracted the Deinosuchus . As soon as this water gets deeper , there could be one waiting . I 'm going to make splashing noises . My heart 's in my mouth . With crocs this size , you can 't predict the ferocity or the power of the attack . This is like a game of chicken . There 's bubbles ! They 're back ! Back there ! He 's gone down . I backed off too quickly then . I 'm sure there 's a Deinosuchus Iurking in the deeper water . Stay back . Don 't get too close . Aagh ! ( Hisses ) ( Nigel ) Get on the posts , quick ! Watch the head ! Get that one back in ! Push that post in ! Now back down here ... Watch it ! The tail 's going out this way ! Reptiles tire easily , no matter how big they are . ( Nigel ) He 's tiring now . Come on , get those posts in . OK . Calm down , girl . Calm down . She 's still ... quite energetic , but my plan is to tie this rope to the three main posts , put the time portal somewhere over there , tie the other end to the Jeep and then accelerate away . Hopefully , these posts will ... Cor , that hiss goes right through you . When these posts fall away , she 'II have to go ahead and through the time portal back to Prehistoric Park . Everyone 's now ready to go back to the Park . ( Bob ) Look at the size of that ! Shut the gate ! Get the meat ready ! ( Growls ) It 's a waste of time ... Come on , then . Come on . Luckily for Nigel , Bob 's built the Deinosuchus pondjust behind the portal . Safely in her new home . See the bubbles ? She 'II feel really secure under the water . Probably won 't see her for another half an hour or so . What a relief ! With the Deinosuchus safely in its pond , as usual it 's Bob who has to pick up the pieces . This time he 's picked up more than he realises . I 've got the best job in the world , but there 's just so much to do . I had trouble with that Terror Bird this morning , Suzanne 's been up half the night with the Sabre Tooth cubs , that lot , they eat too much and Nigel , bless him , just keeps coming back with more creatures , which is lovely , but we 'II need to take on more staff . Oh , my God ! What the ... ? ! Hey , get off ! Nigel has brought back one more animal than he thought . ( Bellows ) - ( Squawks ) - What 's that ? ! Oh , no ! No , come back ! It 's all right , there 's nothing to worry about . Look ... Come in , Nigel . We 've got a bit of a situation here . ( Squawking ) One panicking Titanosaur can cause an awful lot of damage . ( Roars ) ( Nigel ) It seems like every enclosure in the Park has gone down . Come on now . Come on , lads and lasses . Where do you think you 're going ? - That 's it . - Oh , look ... Bob , do you read , over ? Matilda 's behind you . Just run . 'Just run , mate ! ' ( Roars ) Bob ! The T-Rex is heading for the elephants ! OK . I 'II try to get there first . ( Trumpeting ) The T-Rex has separated the baby elephant from every member ofthe herd . Except for one . ( Roars ) I need to lure her . Matilda decides to go for a smaller but easier meal . She 's seen me ! ( Roars ) OK , boys ? It may have seemed like a good idea at the time , but now Nigel is in serious trouble . ( Roars ) ( Roaring ) Thanks to the Deinosuchus , Nigel is still one step ahead of Matilda . ( Roaring ) Aagh ! Got you , Matilda ! ( Fierce roar ) - Nigel ! You OK ? - Emergency over . Wow ! I managed to lure her after me and got her caught in one of the enclosures . She just about missed my foot . Anyway , thanks , everyone . That was brilliant . I 'm back to looking after the animals . A fewweeks later and Prehistoric Park has brought in the extra keepers it needs . Soon the animals are all back in their enclosures and the Park is finally beginning to look shipshape again . Suzanne has managed to wean the Sabre Tooth cubs off the bottle and on to meat . Things are looking up for Martha as well . She 's now an accepted member of the herd and is allowed to play with the baby elephant whose life she saved . ( Squawks ) And once Bob finally deals with the stowaway Troodon , at last the Park is back under control . Got you , you little rascal ! At least until Nigel 's next adventure ...
