 There is something missing from our world . The amazing animals that time has left behind . But what if we could bring them back ? What if extinction didn 't have to be for ever ? We 're going back in time on a safari with a difference as wildlife adventurer Nigel Marven plunges into prehistory to rescue creatures on the brink of extinction . His plan is to bring them back to the safety of the present and give them a second chance . On his very first mission , he hopes to rescue one of the last of the dinosaurs from the most dramatic extinction ever . Welcome to the ultimate wildlife sanctuary . Welcome to Prehistoric Park . It 's a big day at Prehistoric Park . Throughout this huge reserve , everyone is busy preparing for the first arrivals . Come on , lads ! Quick as you like ! Can you get a 10-foot pole down to the bottom of the paddock . They 've almost finished the enclosures for everyhing from giant insects to dinosaurs . Check everything ! This is home to a dangerous creature ! If Nigel can make extinct animals feel at home anywhere , it 's here . ( Nigel ) The natural geography will help us contain the animals . There 's the ocean to the south and , to the north , a mountain range . Everything I need in terms of habitats - savannah , forest , rivers . There 's even a waterfall . Perfect environments for prehistoric animals . All they need now are the prehistoric creatures themselves . One day Nigel plans to breed extinct animals in captivity . But his first step is to only bring a few of each species back to see how they get on in the 21st century . And Nigel knows exactly what he wants to start with . The meanest and scariest of them all - Tyrannosaurus Rex ! ( Roar ) He 's already worked out when and where he 'll have to go to track one down . The most widely accepted theory about why dinosaurs became extinct is a meteorite smashed into the Earth . This is the Earth 65 million years ago . This is where the impact was , somewhere in Mexico . You can still see the crater . Around that time there were masses of T-Rex here , somewhere in Montana . I need to go back there to find them . To rescue the last of the T-Rex , Nigel is going back to the very end of the age of dinosaurs , as close to the meteorite impact as he dares . 65 million years ago Montana looks very different . This is a world before grass , where volcanoes dominate the landscape . Here , T-Rex is king . Now all Nigel needs to do is to find one . In a place with so many potential dangers , Nigel and his team know the sooner they accomplish their mission , the better . I just hope I haven 't bitten off more than I can chew . We 've got so little time . There 's some wonderful forest over there . Perfect habitat . I think that 's where we 'll begin our search for T-Rex . T - Rex is a monster . At a staggering 45 feet long and five tons , it shouldn 't be too hard to track one down . ( Distant animal cries ) What he 'll do when he does find one is not exactly clear . ( Animal screeches ) T - Rex are not the only creatures around . This must be a track way . Look ... you can see here these leaves have been nibbled , these twigs have been snapped off . There 's been a vegetarian browsing here and ... Ah ! The first evidence of dinosaurs . Hard to see , but you can see this footprint here . Three toes . This is the classic theropod dinosaur , the same family as T-Rex . They stand on two legs , they 're bipedal . It looks like there 's a whole group . Not as big as T-Rex , and vegetarian , as you can tell by the leaves . And they 've gone this way . This is a big track way . There must be a few of them . And they 've gone down this way . His hunch is right . An animal is rustling . ( Rustling ) This is what normally happens with reptiles . You hear them before you see them , hear them scurrying through the bushes . ( Whispers ) It 's still moving around there . This could be our first dinosaurs . ( Animal screeches ) Can you see that ? Ornithomimus . I 've seen the fossils in museums . Ornithomimus means " bird mimic " . You can see why . Exactly like an ostrich . ( Whispers ) See how close we can get . ( Screech ) That went right through me ! That was a warning . And look ... All the others are all looking up . He must have been the sentry . The others are looking at us now , heads popping up all over the place . ( Screech ) And they 're vegetarians . But they won 't turn their beaks up at the odd insect or bit of meat . And completely the opposite of what you 'd imagine a dinosaur to be like . These beaks at the front have ridges inside , just like modern ducks and geese , and they use those to crush their food . This is terrific . Our first dinosaurs . ( Screech ) These Ornithomimus will soon be extinct , too , unless , of course , Nigel can save one . I 'd love a breeding herd of Ornithomimus , but we need a technique for catching them . And I think this will work . I 've done it with ostriches . You slip a sock over their head . As soon as you cover their eyes , they calm down . The only trouble I 've got is that these things can run at 40 miles per hour . There 's so many in this herd , if I can get in their midst there will be a commotion and hopefully I can grab hold of one of them . ( Shrieks ) ( Squawks ) ( Growls ) But now there 's something else to contend with , something much , much bigger . Something 's chasing them . It looks like the T-Rex have found Nigel before Nigel could find them . ( Roar ) No sudden moves . ( Roar ) Nigel does have one advantage . T - Rex is so top heavy , that if they trip , the fall can kill them . ( Roar ) A bite of Nigel isn 't worth the risk . Down , mate ! Get down ! ( Roar ) That was a close one . Predators don 't like confined spaces like this . And that 's why the T-Rex are staying back there , I 'm sure . I think what we 've got to do now is go back to camp . Day One over and there 's no T-Rex to take home . At least there 's no sign of the meteorite , either , but it can 't be far away . The following morning , the camp has some visitors . ( Animals growl ) More creatures in the last throes of their existence . A glorious sight to wake up to . A big herd of Triceratops . This is a tremendous sight . When the fossils were found , they named these Triceratops Horridus . It means " horrid three-horned face " , but how could they ? They are gorgeous . And big , too ! Eight tons . And one over there , it 's a big male , is at least 25 feet , eight metres long . The good thing for us is there are a lot of them . They 're prey animals for T-Rex . I 've seen tracks of the predator over there . Prey and predator attracted to waterholes . I 'm going to follow the tracks and see if we can find a T-Rex lair . The footprints are fresh and it looks like a well-used track . T - Rex are fast movers , reaching 40 miles an hour when they need to . Nigel 's hoping these ones aren 't too far away . The tracks are really beginning to tell a story . Look here . A depression in the ash . That was a big tail sweep . There was a kerfuffle here . Another tail drag over there . The tracks are going on . We 're getting towards the centre of the territory . What Nigel doesn 't realise is he 's already in the centre of their territory ! ( Roar ) ( Shriek ) Crouch down ! Get over here . Get down . This is their home . There 's bones scattered all over . They obviously bring food back here . It 's terrific . That kerfuffle back there , that must have been the juveniles fighting over scraps of food . It 's dangerous play . T - Rex have huge jaw muscles , giving them a bite 10 times more powerful than a lion 's . And there 's males and females here . In the fossil record , T-Rex skeletons have been found together . That 's a clue that they associate . ( Roar ) They 're a real mob , like a gang looking for trouble . They really interact . I wonder if they hunt in packs . ( Roar ) Suddenly they all started moving this way . It 's one thing to find a T-Rex , but it 's another thing to take one home . Fortunately , dinosaurs lay eggs and they 're a lot easier to carry . I can go and have a look now , see if we can find any eggs or a nesting site . Amongst the remains of the T-Rex victims littered across the den , Nigel finds what he 's looking for . Unfortunately , he 's too late . This is all I can find , empty T-Rex eggshells . They 've been broken into by a predator , or more likely , they 're last season 's eggs . It 's so disappointing . If we could have found a fresh nest and got the eggs , that would have been the easiest option . Another day and he 's still no closer to saving a T-Rex . And up above are the first signs that the meteorite is closing in . Streaking across tonight 's sky are shooting stars . Huge boulders plough into the Earth 's atmosphere at 20 , 000 miles an hour . They are the precursor of something much , much bigger . Look at this cosmological activity . Those are meteors . They burn up in the atmosphere , but they 're in the bow wake of the meteorite . And the meteorite , when that comes , will smack into the Earth . That 's the problem . And we really have got such little time here . I 'm hoping tomorrow goes better and we can save a T-Rex or two . The next day , the pack of T-Rex turn up , looking for trouble . They 're after their favourite food - Triceratops . ( Roar ) They 're charging for the Triceratops , right in the midst of the herd there . What the T-Rex will do is find the weakest . A fully-grown Triceratops is far from defenceless . Their frill is made of solid bone . But the younger Triceratops know better than to stand their ground . Aagh . I feel like I 've been hit by a train ! A baby Triceratops has run the wrong way . The more it struggles , the more trouble it 's in as the T-Rex 's 13-inch serrated teeth sink deeper and deeper . But help is at hand . There 's a Triceratops here fighting back the big female T-Rex . ( Roar ) The horn 's gone right into the upper thigh . ( Screech ) And the males have just left her . They 've just skedaddled . So much for the pack ! Now the injured female has to make her own kill . It looks like she 's spotted her next victim - another youngster . ( Roar ) For Nigel , it 's the chance he 's been waiting for . He sets up the time portal . Maybe I can get two dinosaur species for the price of one . If I can lure the Triceratops through the time portal and then maybe the T-Rex will follow . Aagh ! Come on ! Come on , T-Rex . ( Roar ) That 's certainly not a T-Rex ! But , weighing in at three tons , this young male Triceratops is a great start . It 's not long before news spreads that Prehistoric Park 's first dinosaur has arrived . The park 's vet , Suzanne , heads over to take a look for herself . It 's a Triceratops ! It 's a Triceratops ! He 's done it ! Our first dinosaur , and look at him . He 's magnificent . Park-keeper Bob is keen to move the newcomer into a secure enclosure . Whoa ! That 's far enough . Although he was an unexpected arrival , Nigel thinks they 've got the perfect place to put him . Come on , I need to have a look at that . Up you go . Triceratops - our first dinosaur . We need a good place to keep him . I want to call him Theo . It 's a great name . But he needs vegetation to browse on . Over here there 's too much grass . So Bob 's found the perfect spot , down here by the river . That 's where his enclosure will be . They 're just about to unload him . - How are you , Nigel ? - Thrilled to bits . Our first dinosaur . It 's short notice , but I forgive you as our new visitor is magnificent , to say the least . - How 's the enclosure ? - A bit makeshift , but it will do for now . I 've given him a name as well . - Theo the triceratops . - Theo . Good name . ( Yells ) All right ! Let him out ! Here he comes . Whoa , whoa ! - ( Laughs ) Hey ! - Look at that ! Plenty for him to eat . Well done , Bob . It 's great . All right , lads . Come on . Get the boards away and the truck out of there . ( Nigel ) Really pleased with this habitat . Grass is no good for dinosaurs . It hadn 't evolved when they were around . Triceratops is not like a cow . It doesn 't graze . It browses like a black rhinoceros . It needs low shrubs and trees . There 's plenty of those for Theo here . And its beak can snap off branches as thick as my arm . This is gonna be great for him to thrive . For Theo to grow to eight tons , he 'll have to spend most of his life eating . With the park 's first dinosaur settled , Nigel turns his attention once again to T-Rex . And the pressure 's back on Bob to finish off the enclosure . I didn 't have a clue how to build a compound for a T-Rex . I 've only seen one in a story book , but Nigel thinks this will do . There 's lots of area to run around , lots of shade to get out of the sun . And if it wants to , it can stand up on the hill and survey its domain . The enclosure will have to be finished soon because Nigel 's on his way back to where he left off ... 65 million years ago . And this time he 's promised to return with a T-Rex . It 's not just the dinosaurs that will be wiped out by the meteorite hit . Nigel knows that everyhing he sees around him will be devastated . ( Animals squawk ) What a magnificent place ! Pterosaurs swooping overhead . You can hear them calling all the time . And sweet water . It 's hard to believe that this stream will be choked with ash and dust . The meteorite will hit not too far away . Time is running out . This is my second rescue mission . I am determined to save some T-Rex for Prehistoric Park . There are lots of dinosaur tracks to follow , but Nigel is interested in one set in particular . There 's something strange with these tracks . Look . The toes have been dragged along . I think it 's the female T-Rex that was gored in the stampede . We 're close to where the Triceratops stampede was . She 's dragged her toes . She 's injured and she 'll be moving pretty slowly . If we head downstream and follow these tracks , we may catch her up . The track takes him down river , where he 's hoping to gain ground on the T-Rex . With any luck , her leg injury will make her slower and a little easier to catch . Listen . Her footfalls are reverberating around the valley . She 's up there somewhere . And an animal that weighs six tons can 't walk quietly . There , that 's what she 's after . There 's a Triceratops corpse and she can smell that . That 's why she 's been moving along the river . ( Pounding footfalls ) ( Whispers ) Come on ! Get on the bank . She 's there . I don 't want her to see us . ( Roars ) ( High-pitched cry ) She 's starting to move away . I 'm certain it 's the female that was attacked by the Triceratops . She 's been able to track down this free meal despite being on her own and badly injured because T-Rex 's have a superb sense of smell . ( Roars ) She 's in luck . The triceratops carcass has become stuck . This is Nigel 's chance to get really close to her . She must be so hungry . She 's desperate for an easy meal . Even though T-Rex is everyone 's ultimate monster , you feel sorry for her . She 's a top predator . They 're so top-heavy . If she went in this fast-flowing water , she 'd be flipped over . But she 's desperate for the meat . You just feel so sorry for her . She 's desperate to get out there , but she 's got no chance . The T-Rex limps off , leaving Nigel to figure out what to do next . ( Bob ) Keep the camera on him . Back at Prehistoric Park , Theo the Triceratops is displaying some unusual behaviour . Bob has asked vet Suzanne to come and take a look . - What is he doing ? - He 's done it all morning . - What do you think it is ? - Haven 't a clue . He just keeps charging at that tree ! Gosh ! Oh , my goodness , look ! What ? Oh , my goodness ! - The poor thing ! - Any ideas ? His frill has changed colour ! It wasn 't like that before . ( Growls ) Maybe he 's having a testosterone surge and he thinks that 's a mate and he 's charging him . - You think he needs a playmate ? - I think he thinks that tree 's a friend ! - ( Laughs ) - What ? I 've just had a very good idea . - What ? Tell me . - Wait and see . Oh . OK . Thanks , fella . Just round the side . Bob has a plan . He 's convinced he can tame even Theo 's teenage tantrums . Meanwhile , Nigel has , at last , come up with a plan of his own . We 're trying a technique used by game capture teams for things like antelope . The T-Rex is working her way down river . We 've got ahead of her . She won 't go onto uneven ground and she won 't go near the water . We 've built this palisade of logs and we 'll funnel her towards the time portal and back to the safety of the 21st century . We hope . Hi , Adam . Give us a hand . The meteorite is getting ever closer . So is the T-Rex . And a herd of Ornithomimus are running scared . ( Ornithomimus shriek ) There she is , the T-Rex . That 's why they 're spooked . ( Roars ) ( Ornithomimus shriek ) If we 're lucky , she 'll chase them through the time portal and we can have a breeding colony of Ornithomimus at Prehistoric Park . Trapped between the T-Rex and the 21st century , they opt for the portal . Yeah , one , two . They are belting through ! A whole phalanx of them ! Bob is gonna get a real surprise . Oh , my giddy aunt ! Nigel , Nigel , what have you done ? Suzanne , we 've got a bit of a situation here ! ( Shrieks ) But one Ornithomimus is slower than the rest . Aagh ! ( Ornithomimus shrieks ) ( Crunch ) That was close . She took the Ornithomimus right there . It 's just a snack for her . It was a juvenile . Time 's running out . We must follow her . With its catch still uneaten , the hungry T-Rex limps off back the way she came . I can 't understand . Why doesn 't she just devour the Ornithomimus ? We cannot afford to lose her . I do not want to go back to Prehistoric Park empty-handed . ( Animals Squawk ) Back at Prehistoric Park , Bob is settling in the herd of highly-strung Ornithomimus . They 're still a bit stressed out from the capture . They 're walking round and round the perimeter fence . They 're checking out their new home , but they 'll be all right . I 'm not gonna feed them till tomorrow , just let them settle in a bit . With thatjob done , Bob 's back to his workshop where his plan for the bad-tempered Triceratops is now in full swing . - ( Man ) Tie her up . - We want that one up there . Up you go . You 're doing a grand job , but I need this finished this afternoon . Nigel 's still tracking the T-Rex . She 's almost on her last legs . Moving so slowly now , Nigel 's had a chance to catch up . But where she 's going remains a mystery . Nigel is about to find out . ( Nigel ) It 's been a long climb , but worth it . There 's babies there . She 's badly injured , but the babies need food , so she 's brought the Ornithomimus all the way here . Palaeontologists suspected that dinosaurs showed parental care . For us , it 's fantastic . We can get a whole family of T-Rex back to Prehistoric Park . But Nigel 's optimism is short-lived . ( Roars ) ( Roars ) The male really wants that carcass . And the young are hiding . If he sees them , they could be in trouble . I 'm sure , like all reptiles , T - Rex can be cannibalistic . ( Roars ) ( Roars ) ( Roars ) ( Pounding footfalls ) I think she 's fully stunned . The babies , there 's no chance for her . Mum 's fallen . I can 't see any movement at all here . ( Roars ) Hundreds of miles away , the meteorite has finally entered the Earth 's atmosphere at 20 , 000 miles an hour . ( Rumbling ) The sonic boom it creates is one of the loudest noises the world has ever known . ( Thunderous boom ) As it strikes the Gulf of Mexico , it causes an explosion seven billion times more powerful than the Hiroshima bomb . It releases a blast front moving at a hundred times the speed of sound . This devastation is just the start . ( Thunderous rumbling ) The cloud of ash will soar into the sky and molten rock will start raining down , igniting global wildfires . And as it mushrooms out , it will engulf the entire world in a blanket of darkness . All this is just three minutes away . Nigel will have to think fast . Has anyone got any food , anything that smells ? We need the odour to entice the T-Rex babies through the time portal . I just hope we can make it . This must work . We 've only got seconds left . They should be curious about the meaty smell of the sandwich . They 're more likely to lunge at me and attack me . Come on . You 've got to come . We 've got to get you back . That 's it , come on . Yes ! ( Thunderous explosions ) Yeah ! Whoo-hoo ! There are only two ! Our first T-Rex ! Nigel has finally managed to rescue T-Rex from extinction . The two T-Rex babies are now safely in the observation pen . Suzanne is making sure they 're in good health before they 're taken to their permanent enclosure . They look undernourished , but Bob will sort that out . They 're eating really well . They 're only little , but they 're still so powerful , aren 't they ? They 're cool , aren 't they ? ( Roars ) Prehistoric Park is now home to its first ever dinosaurs . But vet Suzanne is concerned that one of them doesn 't seem happy about being here . He really doesn 't look very happy . Not when he stares like that . He doesn 't like me . Back , Suzanne , he 's charging ! You are trying to shake us up . Theo has got such attitude now ! He 's taken such a dislike to you . He doesn 't like you . I hand-reared a fox before and when it got mature - it was a male as well - it started biting and attacking me . He 's mature and his hormones are fizzing through his body . Too much testosterone . Males always have to win ! ( Engine whirs ) - ( Suzanne ) My goodness ! - Bob , what have you done now ? At last , Bob 's plan is unveiled . Look at this contraption ! Wa-hey , stop ! Suzanne , get the gates ! This is man 's work ! Guys ! On we go ! Watch out , Theo , we 're coming ! Good luck , boys . You 'll need it . - Come on , Theo ! - Come on ! Where are you ? Oh ! He charged from over there . He charged from the bamboo ! Bob 's contraption is not as daft as it seems . The tyre-padded tractor is a worthy opponent for Theo , giving him something to take his aggression out on . It 's a tactic gamekeepers use on rhinos . OK , Bob ! And it looks like it 's working giving all the boys a chance to let off steam . Men ! - Look at him staring us out ! - We 're getting at him ! That 's why he 's got breeding colours . It 's his first breeding season . - He 'd take on anything ! - He 's taking on us ! Yee-haw ! Charge ! ( Grunts ) That was great fun , exhausting work . Never thought I 'd joust with a Triceratops ! But that 's what they did in the wild . Look at this . You can see injuries on the frill and neck . They had jousting tournaments in nature . It 's keeping our boy occupied ! But he 's got to win every time . We can 't get too excited with him . I don 't want him to get injured cos he 's magnificent ! Nigel 's dream ofhaving a park full ofprehistoric creatures he 's saved from extinction is beginning to take shape . The Ornithomimus are getting used to their new home . The Triceratops has calmed down . And the T-Rex babies have been put into their new enclosure . - Fantastic . Well done , Bob . - It wasn 't just me , it was the lads . It 's overkill now , when they 're tiny , but when they 're big , it 's a perfect enclosure . - Have you seen them at all ? - Not since I put them in there . There 's places for them to hide . They 're not gonna be stressed . Look , there ! - Give them some names . - I 've done that . - OK , what ? - Matilda for the big female . Then Terence , he 's a bit puny , for the younger male . ( Bob ) Very nice , Nigel . It 's kinda cute really , I guess . - They 're not going to stay cute for long . - No . Nigel 's right . The T-Rex will double their body weight every year until full size , turning Terence and Matilda into the most ferocious killing machines for 65 million years . Let 's hope Prehistoric Park knows what it 's letting itself in for . ( Roars ) Next time , Nigel sets his sights on a mammoth from the Ice Age . But he 's going to have to overcome the cold climate and a hostile reception . ( Roars ) Get these vet samples ! Managing the prehistoric creatures will not be as easy as they first thought . Close the gate !
