 There is something missing from our world . The amazing animals that time has left behind . But what if we could bring them back ? What if extinction didn ' t have to be for ever ? We ' re going back in time on a safari with a difference as wildlife adventurer Nigel Marven plunges into prehistory to rescue creatures on the brink of extinction . His plan is to bring them back to the safety of the present and give them a second chance . This time Nigel travels to the perilous forests of prehistoric China to track down one of the most bizarre dinosaurs ever . And there are some big surprises on the way . Welcome to the ultimate wildlife sanctuary . Welcome to Prehistoric Park . Nigel 's dream of creating a park full of prehistoric creatures has become a reality . There are now over two dozen prehistoric animals ranging from the quiet ostrich-like Ornithomimus to Theo the Triceratops , prone to tantrums . Pride of the Park are the two Tyrannosaurus Rex , brother and sister , Terence and Matilda . They seem to be settling in well ... and growing up fast ! ( Roars ) But , in the intense summer heat , Martha the Mammoth is finding the adjustment to 2 1st-century living a little , well , hairy . Hello , Martha ! ( Groans ) Such a joy . Martha 's really integrating with the African elephant herd , but we had to put Prehistoric Park where it was warm for the reptiles and dinosaurs , and that 's not ideal for an ice Age mammal . They 're close cousins , but they are as different as chalk and cheese . The African elephants are constantly flapping their ears and those are perfect for losing heat . They move them , create air currents , and they dissipate heat in that way . But Martha 's got tiny ears . She 's designed for conserving heat - thick blubber , a massive , shaggy coat . So you 're really struggling , Martha , aren 't you ? Luckily , Nigel has a cunning plan to cool Martha down , but it will have to wait because he 's getting ready for his next prehistoric rescue mission . For bird lover Nigel , it 's going to be a very special adventure . He ' s going to search for an amazing new fossil discovery - a dinosaur with four wings . I ' ve been sent these pictures of a revolutionary kind of fossil . It 's a tiny dinosaur called Microraptor , but if you look closely there , there 's impressions in the rock of feathers . So evidence is building that birds are the direct descendants of dinosaurs . - I want to go back and ... - ( Parrot squawks ) find your ancestors , find the dinosaurs that led to birds . It won 't be easy . He 'll have to go back 125 million years to find one . Microraptor is only known in one remote corner of prehistoric China , in a place of mysterious dinosaurs and deadly volcanoes . Nigel will need all the help he can get from his team to track down the four-winged dinosaur and rescue it from this forbidding world . It 's a world more hostile than Nigel had imagined . ( H issing ) We 've got to get away from here quickly . U p onto the high ground . There 's a forest there . That 's good for Microraptors . Let 's get the equipment and go . This is a really worrying situation . The perils of a volcanic area aren 't just explosions and molten lava . An active volcano like that is seeping gas . Carbon dioxide is invisible , you can 't smell it . It 's heavier than air , so it gathers in an invisible carpet that is deadly . So the best thing is for us to get up to higher ground . ( Rumbling ) Everyone OK ? That was just a tremor . We 've really got to keep an eye on that volcano . Let 's go . We can 't hang around here . As fast as you can . Let 's move . The team head away from the volcano , up into the apparent safety of the forest . But is it a case of out of the frying pan , into the fire ? Nigel 's come here to find the Microraptor , but he has no idea what other creatures are lurking in the forest . ( Animal screeches ) A freshwater lake seems the safest place to make camp . And it 's not long before they get their first sighting of prehistoric life . ( Y ells ) Quickly ! Come over here ! Have a look at these ! Come on , come on ! Up there . They are magnificent . These certainly aren 't the four-winged Microraptors . They 're not dinosaurs at all . They 're a type of flying reptile called Pterosaurs . An exclusive group of backboned animals . Only three groups of them have the ability to do powered flight - these , the birds and the bats . Bats haven 't evolved yet . These Pterosaurs , they 've been masters of the air for 1 00 million years . There 's a group fishing out there , skimming low , lower jaws in the water . When they feel something moving , the jaws close like a snap trap . Wow ! You can see how they fly . A membrane goes between their limbs and their body . That 's what gives them the ability to do these amazing aerobatics . He 's swooping down to the water there . ( Pterosaur screeches ) Oh ! Thank you ! But as an excited Nigel returns to camp , he 's in for a nasty shock . Tent gone over there . Oh ... Everything has been pulled out of the tents . Look at this . Sleeping bags destroyed , most of the tents are wrecked . The creatures that came in here , that 's what they were looking for - they 've gone right into the food bag . There 's hardly anything left , just a few slivers of meat . So we know that the creatures that raided the campsite eat meat . I 've looked around for tracks . I 've no idea what they are . - Has anyone else got any food ? - ( Man ) Yeah . I had this bag with me , so they didn 't get it . I 've got some food in here , some bread . And dried meat , I think . Hardly enough to keep the team going for long . The expedition must be cut short . There are worrying signs that Nigel may have bitten off more than he can chew . Oh , no ... Nigel 's mission to save the Microraptor has not started well . His camp has been wrecked and most of the food stolen - by what , no one knows . Nigel is still upbeat . For a zoologist , it doesn 't get much better . I 'm in pursuit of a creature that no one has ever set eyes on before . We 've got an idea of what a Microraptor looks like . One of the smallest dinosaur fossils ever found . Four wings , feathers . - What colour was it ? How did it behave ? - ( Rustling ) - ( Yells ) There ! - ( Animal shrieks ) - Over there . Listen ! Hear that ? - ( Rustling ) ( Man ) It 's over there ! In the ferns there , look ! Stuff moving all around us . ( Man ) Guys ... ( Animals shriek ) ( Nigel ) Hey ! Wait ! Come this way . The rest of you , keep close together . And let 's keep moving uphill . Whatever they were , they 've gone now . - Come on . There we go . - ( Groans ) Back at the Park , Martha the Mammoth is still feeling the heat , so it 's time for the staff to carry out Nigel 's cunning plan to cool her down . Good girl , Martha . You 're OK . Good girl . That 's great . Stop her there . Excellent . Good girl , Martha ! Well done . Good girl . Just stay there . OK . Can I get those ? Great , thanks . ( Martha growls ) Martha 's an ice Age creature , so everything about her has evolved for really cold temperatures . I think she might just be overheating . Nigel had the idea to give her a haircut , which is a really good idea . Hope she 'll feel much better . You 're OK , sweetie . You 're going to feel much happier . Not every girl gets a summer makeover . - ( Sneezes ) - Martha ! Thanks very much ! Oh ! Great . It 's not that bad . Meanwhile in prehistoric China , Nigel and his team are on the trail of the Microraptor . ( Animal shrieks ) But something is on their trail , too . ( Man yells ) Over there ! Again , it 's gone . Scurrying down there . Let 's keep going . I don 't like this . Back in the 21 st century , I just need to get a glimpse of an animal and I 've got some idea of what it is , but here at this time in prehistory , there 's so many strange and bizarre creatures . I 've no idea what 's following us . That really is disconcerting . But surely not everything in this forest is dangerous ? ( Animal chirps ) There ! ( Chirps ) ( Whispers ) I wonder if this is our tent wrecker . I 'll try to get a bit closer . ( Chirps ) - ( Hisses ) - Hey ! ( Screeches ) Whoa ! He smacked right into the lens ! Some dinosaur spit there . And there 's ... Oh ! ... a smear of dinosaur snot . I think that was a mock charge , though . That was like a warning shot . He wasn 't attacking us . I don 't think this is a predator . This isn 't the tent wrecker . Look at him . He 's a vegetarian , like me . See him nibbling away at the ferns . I 'm certain this isn 't the creature that ripped through our tents . Not Microraptor , either . Those big buck teeth , Microraptor doesn 't have that . This creature does have feathers , though , and they are on the front limbs . I 'd like to see what he does with those . Come on , then . Let 's put you through your paces . Show us what you 're made of . Hey ! You are fast ! ( Nigel laughs ) Brave little beggar . That really ruffled his feathers ! That 's all he can do with them . When he jumped , he didn 't use them to stay airborne . Those feathers aren 't for flight . Are they ? It 's an exquisite reptile . - This is a rare find ... - ( Man yells ) Aagh ! Aagh ! Aagh ! - ( Screeching ) - Help me ! ( Shrieks ) They 're after the food ! Take your bag off ! They 're away . We 've lost the food . - How are you ? - I 'm OK . I think . It 's not as bad as I thought . They just strafed you with their claws . If they 'd bitten , it would be much worse . I 'm sure they wrecked the campsite . Now we have no food , they won 't follow us . You could have a little scar there . That 's a badge of courage for a zoologist . But this forest has a few surprises in store yet . Back at the Park , head keeper Bob checks to see if the Ornithomimus enjoy their new home . I built this hide to keep an eye on them , but there 's no need . They 're happy here . Look at them ! They 're dabbling about like ducks . We 've given them a real home from home . Oh , they love it . Well , except for that one . I 'm very worried about it . It 's gone completely bonkers . If it 's not lying sulking in the shade , it 's creeping round the undergrowth , keeping well out of the way of the others . While Bob ponders over that mystery in prehistoric China , Nigel 's stumped . There 's still no sign of the Microraptor . The mission 's falling apart . We 've got to find the Microraptors quickly . And I 'm not even too sure where to look . They 've got features of dinosaurs . Could they be scurrying on the ground ? Features of birds . Could they be up there in the tree canopy ? ( Animal squawks ) Look up there ! Right in the treetops . That 's a Microraptor ! When it glided , I saw the four wings . This is definitely a Microraptor . And it 's off ! We 've got to keep up now . It 's hard . He 's going from tree to tree . Just jumping across that gap there . Where 's it gone ? I think there 's more ! There 's another one there . So aerobatic ! And this is a group . There 's four , three or four of them , moving that way . They are fantastic ! And they 're all calling together . They 're all moving in the same direction . I wonder where they 're going . ( Animal groans ) I 've seen fossils of these . These are Titanosaurs . They 're in the Sauropod dinosaur group , some of the biggest to ever live . Harmless vegetarians , unless they tread on you ! But you wouldn 't normally find them in dense forests . I don 't know what they 're doing here . And they are magnificent ! ( Rumbling ) Listen to them crashing through the vegetation ! Titanosaurs can weigh over 20 tonnes . It takes a lot to stop them . Look at the mess ! They turn over the earth and the footprint is full of creatures - look at this . Loads of earthworms there , a big beetle grub and there , a primitive cricket . I wonder if all this food explains what 's going on . Look up there ! When dinosaurs move through the forest , they turn over the soil and then the Microraptors feast on the insects , like birds in a ploughed field . It 's an irony . You wait all day for one Microraptor , now I 'm watching a dozen ! Breathtaking stuff . You never see them flap their wings . This isn 't powered flight , but they are superb gliders . It 's a great way to keep above ground predators and to cover vast areas looking for food . With the Microraptors busy feeding , this could be the chance Nigel 's looking for . ( Whispers ) Microraptors don 't disappoint . They 're so strange and peculiar , a species that will soon become extinct unless we get some back to the Park . I can 't muck around anymore . I 'll see how easy they are to catch . ( Squawks ) OK , so they 're faster than me ! At least we learnt something . They use their claws like grappling irons . They can shin up trees like squirrels , but can 't take off like birds . They need a launch platform . I 've an idea . All we need is a bigger area than this . The Microraptors are wilier than he first thought . But with his knowledge of bird behaviour , Nigel 's confident he can outwit his new feathered friends . My idea with this trap is to exploit their aerial limitations . We 've seen them in these trees . Hopefully we can lure them to glide down and then , because they can 't do powered flight , they can 't take off from standing , these walls will keep them in . How are we going to attract them down ? I 've dug some soil , plenty of earthworms . And if I break some rotting wood like this - this is what the Titanosaurs do - and , hopefully , there 's some insects inside . And there , there 's some grubs . There 's one of those crickets again . With a whole variety of moving insects , the trap is now set . Let 's hope the Microraptors understand the plan . ( Screeches ) Just need one brave one . This will work because the others will follow . Come on , this time . They 're all interested in the food , but suspicious of the trap . There 's another just about to come now . So close . Surely Nigel must net something soon . Sooner than he thinks , in fact . What are they doing here ? It 's a couple of those buck-toothed things , coming straight for us . ( Chirping ) With the trap ruined , Microraptors discover there is such a thing as a free lunch . I don 't believe it . ( Squawking ) Damn ! This is so disheartening . Microraptors in the tree , it 's like they 're taunting us . Trap 's been knocked down , in an hour or so it 's going to be dark . I think we 've got to go back to the Park and work out a new strategy . This is just hopeless . Who 'd have thought that a tiny dinosaur could cause such a big headache ? Back at the Park , the heat wave is getting worse . Now Nigel 's back , he wants to know how the creatures are holding up in the extreme weather . Some of the animals are beginning to get a bit bad-tempered . ( Roars ) And as for the Ornithomimus , she 's still just acting plain daft . T o be honest , I 'm very worried about one of the Ornithomimus . They seem to be very sociable creatures , but one has cut herself off , she 's lying in the shade , has lost the plot . I know what 's going on . Ornithomimus means " bird-like " . I 've seen it in birds before . She 's getting broody . We need an ultrasound scan . - Ultrasound ? - If there 's eggs , we can see them . - Our first pregnant dinosaur ! - That 'd be something ! Nigel is eager to get back to his latest mission . He 's confident he can catch the Microraptor with the help of a new toy . I wasn 't properly prepared last time . I was disappointed . I 've done some research and this is the thing to help me . A scientist in Florida studies birds of prey and he uses this . It 's a net gun . Microraptor is very delicate . I don 't want to damage it , so this is the perfect device . Watch . - What the ... Nigel ! - ( Nigel laughs ) ( Nigel ) I 'm sorry , Bob ! It 's back to prehistoric China and this time Nigel means business . But this is a dangerous place and he 'll have to watch out for ever-increasing levels of volcanic activity . As we found when we came back before , these volcanic landscapes can be perilous . This time I 'm much better prepared . I 've got a carbon dioxide monitor . If levels of the gas get toxic , this will detect them . We 've all got a gas mask in our backpacks in case there 's a cloud of volcanic gas . You don 't want to breathe that in . That will lacerate your lungs . Hopefully , we 've got everything covered . It 's not long before Nigel meets an old acquaintance . ( Whispers ) Quick . Have a look at this . It 's that peculiar creature that wrecked the Microraptor trap . I think he 's got a girlfriend . I 'll try to get closer . I researched these at Prehistoric Park . Like Microraptors , they 're another strange creature only found in this place and time . They call it lncisivosaurus because of those protruding front teeth , incisor-like teeth at the front . It looks to me like they 're halfway between dinosaurs and birds . That would make sense because the male is displaying to a female like some modern birds do to their mates . He 's got those beautiful colours to flaunt them to females . And when he attacked us , raised his crest , ruffled his feathers , he thought we were after his female . Remember when he wrecked the trap ? He was chasing a competitor . Maybe he thought that male was going to take his mate away . So it 's likely the first function of feathers was to keep dinosaurs warm , then some , like lncisivosaurus , used them for display . Flight evolved much later , a sort of accidental benefit for some of the animals that had them . I could watch you for hours , but we 've got to go . Let 's go and catch the Microraptor . At the Park , it 's time for vet Suzanne to give the Ornithomimus her ultrasound scan , to determine whether she really is the Park 's first expectant mum . OK , she looks fairly calm . Can I get that probe ? OK , get some gel on there . How 's her head ? Is she OK ? Great . OK . Let 's just put this probe on and see how she goes . - Good girl ... - ( Shrieks ) Whoa ! OK , just let her be . We put a bag on her head , which is what we do with ostriches to calm them . I think the gel was just a bit cold , it was a bit of a shock . That 's where I 'm going to be . That 's it . OK , I 'll just get her used to it . OK , let 's try that again . Good girl . That 's good . All right , so there 's one oviduct there with an egg . That 's good . Let 's see what else we 've got . Look , it looks like another one . Another oviduct , another egg . Let me see it 's not the same . No , it 's a different one . That 's great . She 's got two oviducts with two eggs . Modern birds have one oviduct . That 's an evolutionary thing , to make them lighter so they can fly . If she lays two eggs a day and does what birds do - lay on consecutive days - we might end up with loads of new dinosaurs at Prehistoric Park . It 's great news . One problem solved , but as frequently happens at Prehistoric Park , another is about to begin . Temperatures are still rising on T-Rex Hill . ( Roars ) Back in prehistoric China , Nigel 's hot on the trail of the Microraptors . This is what we 've been searching for . Like a convoy of trucks has been through . You don 't have to be a master tracker to follow Titanosaurs . When we find them , we should find the Microraptors . The problem is the trail heads downhill , towards the volcano and , on the way , some of the forest 's less-welcoming residents . ( Whispers ) There 's some of those creatures that made our life a menace before . Sleeping , I think . I researched them . They named the fossil Mei Long , which means " sleeping dragons " . What we 'll do is skirt round here so we don 't wake them up . There 's something not right here , though . Something not right . ( Nigel claps ) They 're not moving at all , not responding . ( Monitor beeps ) ( Yells ) Carbon dioxide ! Get to higher ground ! Move ! Move ! As things hot up for Nigel in China , back at the Park they 've reached boiling point . ( Roars ) The T-Rex are at each other 's throats . It 's up to head keeper Bob to cool them down before it 's too late . ( Y ells ) Open the gate ! Come on ! Quick ! We haven 't got much time ! Quick as you can , lads . Right , soon as you 're clear , get the gate shut . That 's it , lads ! Get that water pumping through ! Come on ! Up as high as you can . That 's it . That 's the way . Higher ! A bit higher . Hey , lads , come on ! Come on , quick as you like ! That 's it , that 's it ! That 's it , keep the pressure up ! The drama 's over with no major injuries , but Terence and his sister Matilda will be separated for their own good . They 're being moved to holding pens while a dividing wall is built . Terence doesn ' t seem too impressed with his new accommodation . And Matilda , for once , seems to be in agreement . Well done , guys . In prehistoric China , Nigel and his team have safely reached high ground , narrowly avoiding suffocation by the gas cloud . Cor , that was a close one . Those poor little Mei Long choked to death . I think there was a burst of carbon dioxide from the volcano , it seeped through the forest and killed the little dinosaurs in their sleep . His narrow escape has confirmed his fears about the dangers here . This really isn 't looking good . Titanosaurs are ploughing through the forest . The Microraptors will be following them , but they 're going straight towards that toxic lake and the volcano . Following the trail back down seems a big risk for a very small dinosaur , but after all he 's been through , Nigel 's not giving up now . Some freshly-turned soil here . This is a nest . This explains why the Titanosaurs have come deep into the forest and towards the volcano - eggs here . The soil 's been warmed by the volcanic activity . That 's a perfect incubator for these eggs and reptiles rely on the heat of the sun on the ground to hatch their eggs . Let 's gently take this ... I 've got to be careful I don 't turn the egg . If I twist it , the embryo inside will die . Reptiles don 't turn their eggs like birds do . And there ... It 's always extraordinary to me that a relatively tiny egg like this the embryo inside will increase in weight by 30,000 times . This egg will lead to an animal that weighs 30 tonnes . Let 's put it back very carefully . ( Rumbling ) Another tremor . That was the strongest yet . You could feel the ground shake . - Listen . Can you hear that ? - ( Rustling and creaking ) Coming from over here . Unmistakable sound of splintering wood . Titanosaurs on the move . And , as I thought , there 's another egg-laying site . Microraptors won 't be far behind . Let 's move . Skirt round this way . - ( Animals squawk ) - Can you hear them ? There they are . This is what we came back for . There 's one in the tree up there . They 're such strange creatures . Soon to be extinct , probably because they 'll be out-competed by birds . Microraptor 's a strange evolutionary experiment - dinosaurs with four feathered wings . To this population here and to all the animals that live here , there 's a threat . The volcano is very volatile . We 've got to move fast to save these Microraptors . The moment has come for Nigel to put his plan into action . And this time he thinks he 's got the right equipment to finish the job . ( Squawks ) Got you ! Get him in there . He 'll calm down in the dark . It 's not too big . He won 't thrash around . He 'll be fine in there . What I 'm going to do is get some more . At last Nigel 's persistence has paid off . He just needs a few more and he 'll have a breeding colony of Microraptors to take back to the Park . Y es ! Got him ! One more should do it . Nigel 's on a roll . Surely it can ' t last . Got you ! ( Rumbling ) ( Groaning ) That was a massive tremor . Look at the volcano . In fact , it 's not just a tremor this time . The volcano is erupting . ( Chirping ) And it 's spooking all the animals , even the big ones . That was a close one ! The Titanosaur clipped his wing . It 's a minor injury , so I think he 's OK . You 're OK , aren 't you ? ( Thunderous boom ) Wow ! Oh , no ! There 's a huge cloud of volcanic ash . Volcanic ash is made of tiny sharp crystals . It can be deadly if breathed in and is best avoided , even by the largest of dinosaurs . The Titanosaurs are heading straight for it . Can you take this ? The ash cloud 's coming this way . The ash is coming ! Most people would see a volcanic eruption and 300 tonnes of dinosaur stampeding towards them as a problem . Nigel , however , sees this as an opportunity , if only he can get the time portal up and running quickly enough . ( Coughs ) ( Groans ) Run ! ( Roaring ) You got the Microraptor , then ? You got the Microraptor , then ? I don 't believe it ! Nigel ! Hey , now ! Watch me fence ! Hey ! Oh ! There 's another one ! Look at the size of that , man ! - Nigel ? - How many have come through ? So far , three . How many are there ? Well , that 's four . Oh ... nine . Oh , my word ! Look at the size of them ! Nigel , where am I going to put these ? As Bob is left to round up the Park 's surprise guests , vet Suzanne gets to work on the Microraptor 's injured wing . Gosh . It 's amazing how similar the M icroraptor 's wing is to a common bird 's . A little fracture of this bone here . I 'll just put a splint on it . OK , can I have a splint ? Thanks . This is how I 'd repair a bird 's wing . I 'm going to do is stitch it in place , though , just around the actual soft tissue , which will make it much more stable . That 's good . OK , let 's bandage that . OK . Hopefully that should keep it still enough and she 'll be fine in a few weeks . With the Microraptor on the mend , Nigel 's keen to see how one of Suzanne 's other patients is getting on . The Ornithomimus , she 's been pretty secretive . She must be laying now . We haven 't seen her for a few days . And there , look . We knew it was going to happen from the ultrasound . Eight eggs , I think . One , two ... one hidden there ... Eight eggs . And it 's not just thrown about like the Sauropods . There 's a semblance of a nest here . ( Squawks ) OK . I 'm just looking at your eggs . OK . She 's so tender with them . With luck , it won 't be long before the Park is home to the first baby dinosaurs for 65 million years . Two weeks later and the injured Microraptor 's wing is healing well . Hello , you two . How are you doing ? Hello . Snails for you . Want a peanut ? There you go . Must be lovely for you to meet your ancestors , mustn 't it ? That 's enough . You 're hungry . It 's been a long , hot fortnight , but everything at Prehistoric Park at last seems to be cooling down . Martha the Mammoth is comfortable with her new haircut . The strange behaviour of the Ornithomimus turned out to be pretty normal for an expectant mum . And , for the time being , the T-Rex are no longer trying to kill each other . Next time , Nigel 's on a mission to rescue the predators of prehistoric South America , including the legendary sabre-toothed cat . And the Park wakes up to the pitter-patter of tiny three-toed feet . But now , Bob ' s rounded up the Park 's latest residents , the Titanosaurs , and he ' s confident his newly-built fence will keep them out of trouble . The Titanosaurs , however , beg to differ .
