 There is something missing from our world . The amazing animals that time has left behind . But what if we could bring them back ? What if extinction didn 't have to be for ever ? We 're going back in time on a safari with a difference as wildlife adventurer Nigel Marven plunges into prehistory to rescue creatures on the brink of extinction . His plan is to bring them back to the safety of the present and give them a second chance . This time he 's going back to prehistoric South America in search of Giant Killer Birds and ferocious Sabre Tooth Cats . Welcome to the ultimate wildlife sanctuary . Welcome to Prehistoric Park . Prehistoric Park is a huge reserve with a wide range of habitats to house the animals that Nigel brings back . After several successful rescue missions , the Park is filling up nicely with creatures not seen for millions of years . Most of them have adjusted to their new environment , though a few have had some ... teething problems . At least the Park 's newest residents , a herd of giant Titanosaurs , seem to be settling in well ... for the moment . Now Nigel 's got cats on his mind . Not your household tabby variety , but big ones like this cheetah . Cats are some of nature 's most efficient killers , but even they need protecting and that 's got Nigel thinking about what animals to bring back next . The sad thing is the populations of cheetahs are minuscule in comparison to the past . Their habitats have been destroyed and it 's important to build up breeding populations in captivity . But in the past , there Were 30 species of big cats and I Would love to have one or two species for Prehistoric Park . Maybe We can even breed an extinct cat . Despite such a huge selection of big cats , it doesn 't take Nigel long to narrow down his choices . This is a Giant Cheetah , the same size and Weight as a lion . Imagine seeing that running at full pelt ! And this , the Thylacoleo , a Marsupial Lion , a lion With a pouch , the babies actually grew in the pouch . And it Was a brilliant climber . It climbed in the trees , and When prey Walked underneath , it Would leap down and ambush them . But for me , there 's one choice . The cat l must save from extinction is the most famous prehistoric cat of all . This has been my prized possession since I Was a little kid . It 's the skull of a Sabre Tooth Cat , the most famous extinct cat . Those teeth are aWe-inspiring . Palaeontologists are pretty certain how Sabre Tooths used them . They got onto their prey 's throat and sliced through the major blood vessels and crushed the Windpipe in one bite . That meant the prey couldn 't attack back , couldn 't injure them . This is a really ingenious killing technique . To find a living Sabre Tooth Cat , Nigel needs to go back to a very different world . A million years ago , Sabre Tooths were the top predators in North America . As they spread down to South America , they were fast taking over from one of the strangest predators the world has ever known , a ten-foot-tall Killer Bird . Have a look at this . Look at this . A Phorusrhacid , a group of flesh-eating birds named Terror Birds . This is a life-size representation . It dwarfs me and if I can go back a million years , I may be able to get Sabre Tooth Cats and one or two of these . And imagine having this at Prehistoric Park ! Even for bird-lover Nigel , catching the ten-foot Terror Bird could be a very tall order . But when Nigel has a mind to do something , nothing will stop him . An outlook shared by the Park 's largest residents , the Titanosaurs . No fence will hold a hungry Titanosaur in search of his next meal . Control Room , come in , Control Room ! I 'm not gonna get that fixed in a hurry . I 'm just gonna have to let them roam about the Park for a bit . They mustn 't get too close to the main gate Which is Where they 're heading ! I 've got to go . Sorry ! Oblivious to the Titanosaur break-out , Nigel 's getting ready to go . Bob , do you read ? Over . Come in , Bob . What is it now , Nigel ? As Well as the Sabre Tooths , I 'm bringing back something more . 'We need a big bird cage . ' l 've got a serious problem here . The Titanosaurs are heading for the park gate. I 'll turn them round . It 's a big bird. lt stands ten feet , over three metres tall . Nigel , I can hardly hear you . - ' l said I need a big bird cage . ' - A bird cage , right , right . A ten-foot bird , it stands ten feet tall . We need a cage for it . There 's no need for that ! Are you getting this , Bob ? I hope he got that lt seems not all modern plants agree with the Titanosaurs' prehistoric stomachs . As they find some more tasty tree tops to chew on , Nigel finally discovers what 's happened . Hello ! What are you doing ? Hello there ! What are you doing out ? ( Loud grunt ) Hey ! Obviously , Bob 's enclosure didn 't hold the Titanosaurs . - Come back , you great lummox ! - He seems to be coping , though . Nigel 's about to leave on his mission to save South America 's top prehistoric predators - the Sabre Tooth Cat and the Giant Terror Bird . Park-Keeper Bob 's taken one of Nigel 's requests for equipment rather too literally ! Hello , Nigel ! Got that bird cage for you . What 's that ? The bird I 'm going for , you Wouldn 't fit one of its eggs in that . It 's ten feet , three metres tall . It towers above me . It can 't fly , so it doesn 't need a top . All right , I 'll build a pen for it . As quick as possible ... because I 'm going . - All right , Nigel , have a good trip . - OK , thanks . By going back one million years , he will arrive at a time when Sabre Tooth Cats are in their prime , but the Terror Birds are on their last legs . What other creatures will he run into as he enters this extraordinary time in South America 's distant past ? Don 't forget me present ! Aagh ! WoW ! I 've arrived slap-bang in the middle of a herd of these big animals ! ( BelloWs loudly ) Colliding With one of those Would really spoil your Weekend ! I 've seen these before , but I can 't remember What they 're called . But they are so strange ! Really big things . They are so peculiar . Let 's follow them and see What they 're up to . South America has been cut off from the rest of the world for 30 million years . In this time , all sorts of huge , outlandish creatures have been able to evolve . Animals not found anywhere else on the planet . I think I know What these are . I 'm pretty sure these are Toxodon . Charles Darwin found their fossils When he came to South America in the 1 800s . He Was the greatest naturalist that 's ever lived. I 've got his journal here . What did he say about them ? He never saw them alive like this , of course . He just found the fossil skull and he says , " Toxodon , perhaps one of the strangest animals ever discovered . " Judging from the position of its eyes , ears and nostrils , " it Was probably aquatic like Dugong and Manatee . " But I think ... these are much more like hippopotamuses . There 's one sniffing there , scenting the air . I think We 'd better move out before they notice us . My first herd of Toxodon . They really remind me of hippos . They could be dangerous like hippos , the most dangerous animals in Africa . If you get between a hippopotamus and the Water , they charge . But I 've got to have one last look . They are superb . They wallow in the heat of the day , just like hippos . ( Loud bellow ) Quick , get in ! Quick ! It 's preparing to charge again . Got it ! Look at the speed of that ! What speed ! He 's accelerating now , all two tons . We should be able to outrun him . That is a prehistoric all-terrain vehicle , but it 's not as fast as us . It 's given up , it 's given up . They 're just as dangerous as a Sabre Tooth . If you frighten a vegetarian like that and they come for you ... Whoa ! If the plant-eaters are this angry , what will the predators be like ? Back at the Park , something wonderful is happening . It looks like Nigel 's dream of breeding dinosaurs is about to become true . A female Ornithomimus , an ostrich-like dinosaur , has laid a large clutch of eggs . Vet Suzanne has been monitoring her progress . I 've been swatting up , so I know a lot about Ornithomimus nesting now . They 're much more like birds than they are reptiles . It mimics an ostrich and lays a large brood of eggs . And the ones on the perimeter , they become sacrificial eggs . An ostrich can 't brood them all . She 's laid lots of eggs , but two have rolled out . She 's going to reject those , she 's not going to hatch them . I might see if I can get them . Without heat , the two rejected eggs have no chance of hatching naturally . Vet Suzanne is going to use modern technology to give them a helping hand . That is , if the Ornithomimus mum lets her . ( SquaWks loudly ) A successful egg poaching . Now mum 's calmed down , it 's over to Bob for the next stage of the incubation process . We 've not got long . We 've got to keep them Warm . Choosing the right temperature , that 's the main thing . Right ... now , What I don 't know about incubating eggs isn 't Worth knowing , but I have to admit I 've never incubated a dinosaur egg before . But I 'll tell you this , if We don 't try something , that pair Will never hatch . Right ... Back in South America , one million years ago . It used to be that the Terror Birds ruled the roost here . Now the Sabre Tooth Cats are in their prime and it doesn 't take Nigel long to spot one . Look , down there . It 's a Sabre Tooth Cat . My first one . What a magnificent animal ! They remind me so much of lions . And there 's one hunting there . I think it 's a female . In lion society at least , the females do 90 % of the hunting . And it looks like she 's using a similar technique . They 've got an amazing burst of speed , but only over short distances . You can see she 's got really stocky front legs , and that 's because of animals like Toxodon that they have to bring down . They 've got big front legs and those massive teeth . And she 's charging ! She erupted out of the grass there . The Sabre Tooth 's slashing at the throat . It happens so quick . It 's those huge incisor teeth which make the Sabre Tooth such a successful , specialised killer . One bite to the throat crushes the windpipe and severs the jugular . For the poor Toxodon , it 's all over very quickly . And there 's other Sabre Tooth Cats coming out . They didn 't help With the hunt . They 're coming for their share of the meal now . I Wonder how close We can get ? ( GroWls ) There 's so much squabbling and there 's some little cubs in there , too . Look at that , six to eight Weeks old , based on lion cubs . And that 's the time When lionesses Will take them to a kill . And they are biting down huge chunks of flesh . And lions can take 1 1 0 pounds , 50 kilograms , at a single sitting . That 's half my Weight in meat . Even With so many of them , that Toxodon is so big , I think they 're going to take a long time to polish that off . At last , they 're leaving . Sabre Tooth Cats must be doing really Well at the moment . There 's so much meat left on that carcass . Leaving a ton of fresh Toxodon unattended is the surest way of attracting South America 's other top predator - the Terror Bird . What a magnificent creature ! It must be three metres , over ten feet tall . And that bird looks so hungry ! And the Sabre Tooth ... The Terror Bird has dropped the food . And this is What happens . The mammals outcompete the birds and that 's Why the Terror Birds become extinct . We 've come back to a point in prehistory Where the balance of an ecosystem is changing . The Terror Bird evolved When South America Was an isolated continent . now it 's nudged up closer to North America . The Sabre Tooth Cats have come down and are outcompeting the birds . So the Terror Bird is a perfect candidate to take back to Prehistoric Park . But now how will he get a ten-foot-tall Killer Bird back to the Park without a cage ? ( Flies buzzing ) I Want to get that meat the Terror Bird dropped . Here goes . Getting this close to a Sabre Tooth Cat is at best daft , at worst , deadly . But it 's a risk Nigel must take to get that Terror Bird back to Prehistoric Park . ( GroWls ) ( GroWls more fiercely ) There 's nothing like a juicy piece of steak for drawing the attention of a hungry Terror Bird . Now he 's got the bait , it 's time for Nigel to put the final touches to his ingenious plan . Come on , Mr Terror Bird ! Here 's dinner ! ( High-pitched squaWk ) Here he comes ! Come on . Come closer to the bait . That 's close enough ! Come on ! I 've got to go fast enough so he doesn 't get it . That Was a near miss then . Look out ! I knew you said it Would be big , but this is over the top . You can see Why he needs a big cage . He 's nearly ten feet tall , incredible thing ! What are We gonna feed him on ? He Was gobbling down huge chunks of flesh and bone and hide . All predatory birds , owls , they need roughage - feathers and fur , so if We give him that sort of stuff , he should be fine . - No point in putting some cuttlefish in ? - You 'd need a big cuttlefish ! ( SquaWks ) The following morning , there 's a buzz of excitement as the Park awakens to the pitter-patter of tiny three-toed feet . Nobody 's seen a baby dinosaur for 65 million years and there 's a surprise in store for Nigel and Suzanne . I didn 't expect them to be covered in fluffy down like you get With baby birds . I guess it 's to keep them Warm . Dinosaurs and birds are closely related . And just like birds , some baby dinos have downy feathers . And it seems they react like birds , too . They 're quite curious , they see their reflections or something . Let 's go in , come on . They could easily escape through the fence , but they 'll stay With their mum . Look at that . They remind me of a little partridge or grouse . Let 's try something . Hey . And they just completely freeze . If there Was a predator , they 'd run in the grass , freeze and Wait till their mum calls . They 've got to have some protection system . Yeah , they 're so vulnerable , tiny , tiny dinosaurs . Pretty cute , aren 't they ? Well , for dinosaurs . They 're so lovely . Bob , meanwhile , is still brooding over the eggs he put in the incubator . All the other eggs hatched Within a few hours of each other , but so far With this pair , not a thing , not a dickybird . Suzanne doesn 't think they 'll hatch , but I 'm not giving up . They 're too precious . Nigel has already rescued one of South America 's most ferocious predators from the brink of extinction , but the mission 's not over yet . There 's one final puzzle Nigel needs to solve . If Sabre Tooth Cats were once America 's top predators , how did they end up fighting for survival ? I 'm going back to When the last Sabre Tooths Were on Earth , about 1 0,000 years ago . Did they become extinct because they Were too specialised ? Look at the cheetah run , but there 's a price to be paid for that speed . Being fast means the cheetah is a lightweight . It can 't defend itself against lions or even hyenas , so when food is scarce , the cheetah often loses out . Its specialisation of running fast can actually become its weakness . Maybe the Sabre Tooths Were over-specialised , too . I Want to go back 1 0,000 years now and find out if that 's true . Nigel 's travelling back to a time when Sabre Tooths were dying out , so he 's invited big cat expert Saba Douglas-Hamilton to join him . Together they 'll try to track down the last survivors of this magnificent species . Almost a million years after his first visit , Nigel was expecting Sabre Tooth Cats to be thin on the ground , but he didn 't expect South America 's vast plains to be empty of all the large animals that used to live here . There are no Terror Birds , no Toxodon . There have been big climate changes since Nigel was last here , and many animals have died out as a result . Nothing . We 've been searching all day . It 's completely different . I came to this precise location , big herds of Toxodon . By this time , I 'd seen a big family of Sabre Tooth Cats . Maybe there 's so little prey , they 've spread out and are hunting individually . When you 've got that intensive selective pressure , the animals Will have hugely extended territories and Will hunt on their own . Even lions , When there 's not much food , have territories up to 1 50 square miles . I reckon , if that is the case , We 'll have to change our plan . We 're not covering enough ground , so if We split up and look on foot , We 've got a better chance . Travelling on foot is the only way to explore some of the target terrain . But now it will have to wait till morning . ( Distant cries ) The following day , Saba makes an early start to see if she can pick up the trail of the last Sabre Tooth Cats . I 'm hoping We 'll dissect some animal trails , maybe see some footprints , but most importantly , I can hear the sound of alarm calls from other animals . The only problem is that , With Sabre Tooths right on the brink of extinction , it 's really a bit like looking for a needle in a haystack . Elsewhere , the eerie lack of large animals is beginning to get to Nigel . I preferred it a million years ago . At least there Were Sabre Tooths around and you knew Where you stood , but now they 're so scarce . Where are they ? Meanwhile , Saba gets a whiff of her first clue . Hey , look at this . This has got to be Sabre Tooth Cat . Yes , it 's been scraping the ground to try and cover it up . I bet the Sabre Tooths love this place . Look at all the shade and high rocks , so they can sit up and look out over the plain for any prey . It 's full of hide , all bits of hair and bone as Well . I think this cat 's had to scavenge , eating little bits and pieces from any old carcass it finds . On the other trail , Nigel 's definitely being stalked ... But by what ? There 's a rustling . No , I can see it . It 's not a Sabre Tooth . ( Laughs ) An armadillo . And a million years ago , there Would have been giant ones . Of course , they 're extinct now , and these smaller armadillos are the only things around . But What an extraordinary creature ! It looks really prehistoric anyway . Let 's let you go . Off you go . When Saba makes a discovery of her own , sadly , it 's not the one she was hoping for . There 's something in the grass up ahead . Oh , no , I hope that 's not What I think it is ! Oh ! Oh , no ! Oh , Saba ! Poor thing . ( Saba ) lt 's only about two months old . There 's no sign of disease . He 's just skin and bones . He 's just died of starvation . If the mother can 't provide enough milk for a tiny cub , she must be in a bad Way . Doesn 't bode at all Well . Poor little guy . Although distressing , the discovery of the dead cub has given Nigel and Saba a valuable clue . The cub 's mother must be around here somewhere , but where ? As dusk approaches , it will become too dangerous to continue tracking her , but Nigel 's got another trick up his sleeve . This could Work . Cats are nocturnal . This is a camera With a motion sensor . If a cat Walks along this trail , it looks pretty Well used , We may catch it on tape . Big cats can see six times better than We can at night . That 's When they do most of their hunting , so a camera that can see through the darkness gives us our best chance . Whatever happens With the camera trap , I 'll get up at first light to see if I can track down the mother . My concern is , considering What happened to the cub , she 'll be in poor condition . We 've got to be really careful because I 've seen Sabre Tooth Cats hunting and they are formidable predators With full stomachs . If there 's one that 's injured , one that 's really hungry , We 've really got to Watch our backs . Later in the night , a sensor from the camera trap picks up some movement . Something is definitely out there . ( GroWls ) The camera 's toppled over , so it looks like something 's been here . And there 's a musky mammalian smell , so it could be a cat , and if We 're lucky , it 's a Sabre Tooth . This is fantastic stuff . And here it 's checking out this camera . Right into the lens there . It just swiped the camera With its paw . That 's Why it Was toppled over like that . It 's not a female , it 's a male . It 's spraying all over the camera . You see the family jewels there . That 's terrific news . Saba 's tracking a female . If We can get the male as Well , We can get a pair back to Prehistoric Park . The mission is back on track . And the trail is about to get very warm for Saba . She 's definitely hunting . Look , here We 've got fresh tracks , very fresh tracks . She must 've gone up on to higher ground . ( GroWls ) OK ... Just don 't move . Keep looking her in the eye . She 's looking pretty upset . ( GroWls ) OK ... She 's pretty angry . We 're going to have to think about getting out of here . We 're in trouble . Her mood 's changing . She 's thinking about hunting us , so We 'll have to start backing away slowly now . ( Radio crackles ) ( Nigel ) ' Saba ! Come in , Saba ! ' She 's gone . Oh , phew ! That Was close . - ' Saba , do you read ? Over . ' - Nigel , come in . how 's it going With the female ? Are you still tracking her ? Yeah , it 's been pretty interesting up here . Could you come up and join me ? 'l 'll be there as soon as I can . ' As Nigel catches up with Saba , she 's already pinpointed the female Sabre Tooth to a lower ridge where it 's stalking some unusual prey . We 've got the female down there and she 's hunting a deer of some species . But she 's got about as close as she 's going to get now . - l think she 's going to go for it . - lt 's such strange prey for her . Those big , sturdy legs and amazing teeth are for catching big animals like Toxodon . - This isn 't What she 'd normally go for . - Definitely not . They Were hunting really big megaherbivores . She hasn 't paid any attention to Wind direction . ( Nigel ) She 's getting close . ( Saba ) lt 's caught her scent , but she 's going for it anyway . ( Saba sighs ) Missed it . She Was totally outclassed and totally outsprinted . They 're just not designed to catch fast-moving prey like that . ( Saba ) Poor thing . It 's finally become clear why the Sabre Tooth Cats are on the brink of extinction . There 's no big prey animals , no Toxodon any more , none of these megaherbivores . And Sabre Tooth , those Weapons for slicing through the jugular , crushing the Windpipe , they 're specialised to take out big prey that Weigh more than they do and they are not designed to outrun small deer and gazelle . ( GroWls ) Nigel and Saba follow the exhausted female back to her den and another discovery . ( Nigel ) She 's sniffing . I don 't think she 's caught OUR scent . She 's looking for something . ( Plaintive cries ) Did you hear that ? She 's calling . When lions make that call in the back of their throat , it 's often for their cubs . is she calling for the dead one ? ( Nigel ) No , she 's not . Look , there 's a tiny head in the grass . Look , she 's picking up another cub . He 's in a bad Way though . ( High-pitched cries ) The cub 's calling back , but I can 't hear any other sounds . I think she 's only got one living one . ( Saba ) Look , it 's nuzzling . Doesn 't look like it 's getting any milk at all. I think she must be dry . They 're in such a pitiful state . ( Cries of anguish ) lt 's so distressing to Watch . We 've got to try to dart her , get the cub , get them back to Prehistoric Park . Suzanne the vet may be able to pull them round . That 's What We need to do . But as they fetch the Jeep to tranquillise the stricken Sabre Tooths , there 's an unexpected change of plan . It 's the young male that Nigel saw on the camera trap and his presence is an unsettling one . Do you think he 's going to be a danger to the cub , Saba ? Yeah , this is really bad news . If Sabre Tooths are like modern lions , this male being so far inside the female 's territory means he Won 't have any qualms about killing her cub . It brings the female back into season so he can mate With her immediately . The female 's close by and in no condition to protect her cub . They 're in real danger . So We should dart the male first ? Absolutely . We 've not got any other option . To be able to tranquillise the male Sabre Tooth , they need to get much closer . If they fail , the lives of the female and her only cub hang in the balance . Look , it 's coming straight towards us . Just time check . ( GroWls ) - Good shot . - Got him ! ( Nigel ) how long Will the tranquilliser take to Work ? I gave him a small dose because of his size , so about ten minutes . But We 've really got to Watch him now . - He 's moving in that direction . - Something 's over there . ( GroWls ) Back at Prehistoric Park , there have been disagreements among some residents . Last week , the two teenage T-Rex clashed over territory and had to be forced apart . OK , two , three ! Now Bob is putting the finishing touches to a dividing wall to keep them apart . Although exactly the same age , Matilda , the sister , is larger and more aggressive than her brother Terence . Now the dividing wall is complete , Terence is being let back into the enclosure . On his return , Matilda appears to be even more hostile . It looks like the wall could be a potential life-saver for poor Terence . ( low growling ) In Bob 's shed , there are still no signs of life from the incubator . Back in South America , the tranquillised Sabre Tooth male is safely loaded on to the Jeep . Now Nigel and Saba plan to tranquillise the female and her cub , so that all three cats can enjoy a better life at Prehistoric Park . But as they near the female 's den , they realise something is tragically wrong . ( Nigel ) The cub , it 's not moving at all . The mum 's nuzzling it . No , there 's absolutely no response . ( Nigel ) I think We 're too late , just too late . The cub 's gone . ( Faint groWls ) Starvation has killed her cubs and it 's killing her , too . Saba must act fast to save her . ( Gunshot ) Once the female is tranquillised , Nigel and Saba are ready to take both the adults back to the sanctuary of Prehistoric Park . But it 's not quite the happy ending they were hoping for . Back at the Park , vet Suzanne has been working round the clock for two weeks , nursing the female Sabre Tooth back to health . And she 's cautiously optimistic about the future . She seems to be OK . She 's got a bit of a Way to go . She Was really emaciated . When Nigel found her , she Was feeding her cubs . Producing milk is an energy-demanding process , so it took a lot out of her . Hopefully now that she 's not feeding her cub , she 'll put some Weight back on . We really hope she is still a reproductively active female , and she 's not too old , Which is a real concern . We 're really hoping that they do manage to mate successfully and then We 'll get some cubs . That 's What We really hope for . Meanwhile , someone else in the Park is celebrating the joys of parenthood . ( Bob ) What a racket ! Look , Will you two pipe down ? now behave yourselves . Come on ! I knew I could do it . I had the temperature too low . But these two have finally hatched out . Come on , quick sharp ! now the little rascals are following me everywhere ! I Was the first thing they saw When they broke out of their shells . now they think I 'm their mam . They 're imprinting on me . Some more ? All right , just a little bit . You must have hollow legs ! Come on . Imprinting is common in many modern-day bird species . It 's a survival mechanism which ensures that chicks stay close to the first thing they see after hatching , normally their mother , in this case , Bob . It 's not easy being a mother , you know ! Go on , eh ? It 's been a time of upheaval , but calm has returned once more to Prehistoric Park . The Titanosaurs are happy with their new-found freedom and are taking advantage of Bob having more important things to worry about . The South American predators , the Sabre Tooth Cats and the Giant Terror Bird , are regaining their former strength and healthy appetites . ( Nigel ) Bob , they 're sticking to you like glue , the Ornithomimus . And the Park 's latest arrivals seem very happy with their new mum - Bob ! Next time , Nigel travels back further than he 's ever gone before to a time when giant creepy-crawlies ruled the world . And Suzanne plays Cupid to two very reluctant Sabre Tooths . But for now , all eyes are on the T-Rex pen . Unless Matilda calms down , things are going to get very dangerous at Prehistoric Park .
