 There is something missing from our world . The amazing animals that time has left behind . But what if we could bring them back ? What if extinction didn ' t have to be for ever ? We 're going back in time on a safari with a difference as wildlife adventurer Nigel Marven plunges into prehistory to rescue creatures on the brink of extinction . His plan is to bring them back to the safety of the present and give them a second chance . This time Nigel is going back 300 million years to a time long before the dinosaurs when insects ruled the world . His goal is to rescue some of the largest and most dangerous creepy-crawlies in history . Welcome to the ultimate wildlife sanctuary . Welcome to Prehistoric Park . Prehistoric Park 's mission to bring back extinct animals has so far been a big success . The Park 's elephants now live with their hairy lce Age cousin . The herd of hungry Titanosaurs roam freely and a bad-tempered Triceratops needs a lot of attention . These are just a few of the Park 's current residents and there are plenty more to come . Right now , while Nigel plans his next prehistoric collecting trip , the rest of the team are having some trouble with Prehistoric Park 's breeding programme . Now , do as you 're told and stay there ! Go on . Do as ... Ow ! . There are either too many babies or too few . ( Growls ) In his last adventure , Nigel and his team went back in time 10 , 000 years to the plains of South America . Back then , Sabre Tooth Cats were on the very brink of extinction . Nigel managed to rescue a young male and a female that had just lost her cub to starvation . Now both animals have fully recovered and head vet Suzanne wants them to breed . The trouble is , the female is proving to be a very fussy feline . We want them to breed and it 's just not working . She is so aggressive to him . I think if we put them together , she would kill him . He is just like an annoying little teenager and she 's a nice , sensible , older woman . And she is not interested in being with him . To get them started , the lucky couple have been put into a special breeding enclosure . This is to keep them close together , so they can get to know each other without fighting , but so far , it 's not working . I ' ve been doing research on breeding large cats in captivity and I 've got an idea . I think we need romance , so just wait . Nigel has been fascinated with insects and other invertebrates since he was a boy . Now he plans to bring back some prehistoric bugs from extinction . To get it right , first he needs to know exactly where and when to go to find the creatures he ' s looking for . And there ' s a clue waiting on the remote Scottish island of Arran . The rocks of Arran date back 300 million years to a time long before the dinosaurs when the world was home to a very different kind of giant . Nigel has come all this way to study some faint marks in the rock . These are the fossilised tracks of a creature called Arthropleura , a primitive Arthropod like modern millipedes and centipedes , except for one thing . It grew as big as a man . Other fossils show that Arthropleura was far from alone . Giant scorpions and dragonflies were just some of the amazing creatures that shared the muggy swamps of prehistoric Scotland . ( N igel ) It 's mind-boggling what happens through time . 300 million years ago , this was right on the Equator . It was a swamp teeming with giant insects . I 've got to go back here . This is so exciting . The specimens we can catch for Prehistoric Park , giant dragonflies , huge scorpions , maybe even a centipede that 's as big as I am . With the exact time and place co-ordinates of his mission confirmed , Nigel heads back to the Park to get ready . What he doesn ' t realise is that he 's driving straight into a major emergency . Bob to N igel . Get down to the T-Rex enclosure now ! . T-Rex Matilda has broken into her brother Terence 's enclosure . Terence wants her out , and when you 're a T-Rex a family argument is not a good idea . When Nigel brought back the two T-Rex from the late Cretaceous Period , they were young and some might even say cute . Now , though they 're still not fully grown , they 're very big and very dangerous . Matilda is the more aggressive of the two and is easily getting the better of her brother . Bob decides to dart her first . The dart hits home , but there ' s a problem . With reptiles , tranquillisers take time to work . Some dinosaurs are known to have been cannibals . For Terence , Bob ' s dart may have come too late . That ' ll be N igel then ! ( Horn toots ) Like most modern predators , Matilda can ' t resist a moving target . The plan works , but there 's a catch . She 's after us ! Now she 's after Nigel . Don 't know where to go now . It 's a dead end . Here we go . ( Growls ) Come on , Matilda . That tranquilliser drug must be working now . You must be tired . Come on . Go on , go over . Having stopped the fight , Nigel sets off on his prehistoric insect hunt . With the male T-Rex so badly wounded , it 's a tricky time to go , but he 's in good hands . I 've seen reptiles recover from horrendous injuries , so hopefully he 'll be OK . Nigel 's mission will take him back 300 million years to a time known as the Carboniferous , further back than he 's ever been before . At that time , the world was a very different place . Dinosaurs , birds and mammals had not yet evolved . Scotland was a hot , boggy swamp on the Equator , full of primitive fish , amphibians and giant insects . But Nigel 's destination is so far back in time that he has no way of knowing what dangers he may have to face . Carboniferous , here we come ! ( Screeching ) Start , please ! ( Engine splutters ) What a start ! We got our co-ordinates a bit wrong . Meant to be an island of dry land . Could have been worse , I suppose . What a great start ! Broken-down vehicle , up to my knees in slime ! Look at this place ! Magical . The forest seems strangely quiet . But in a prehistoric swamp you never know what 's just around the corner . ( Beeping ) Back at the Park , Suzanne 's vet skills are being tested to the limit . Terence has lost a lot of blood and is in a critical condition . Now Suzanne has got to save a very sick dinosaur , something they didn ' t teach her in vet school . Support his head . Watch it , gentle . OK , that 's it , that 's it . OK ... The most threatening injury is a massive gash on the T-Rex 's face . It 's really deep . Fossils show many examples of face bites in carnivorous dinosaurs . In a fight , the head was a popular target . Often with reptiles you 'd use staples , rather than stitching them . I 've chosen not to because we 'd have to re-anaesthetise him to take the staples out . With reptile wounds , we stitch them with the skin edges sticking out . If they 're nice and even , the skin edges can grow in and get horribly infected . So we 're going to give that a go . Thanks . The biggest risk now is infection . We 'll see how he goes because we don 't want to use antibiotics if we can help it . For Terence , the next 24 hours are critical . 300 million years ago , oxygen levels in the air were almost twice what they are today . Scientists believe that this may be why insects then were so large , but so far , Nigel hasn ' t seen anything , big or small . Some butterflies have territories at the tree tops . Maybe dragonflies do . I 've got to get up there . It 's not an easy option . Prehistoric plants like this one grew to heights of 150 feet and had no branches . It 's a tricky climb . Over millions of years this magnificent prehistoric forest will turn into the coal that we burn today . But right now , it 's still a beautiful sight . Oh , yeah ! J ust a sea of green for as far as you can see . It 's mind-boggling what will happen here over the next 300 million years . Already the climate 's changing and this Carboniferous swampland is diminishing . In another 50 million years there 'll be conifers here . After that , there 'll be ice . The most incredible thing , in 300 million years , right on this spot , well , 1 50 feet below me , there could be a fish and chip shop in Glasgow . And look , coming out there from the trees ... Just as I thought , coming straight ... Oh ! Straight at me ! A Giant Dragonfly . I can see the sun glistening off its wings . And down below , through the trees , there are chinks of shiny , reflective water . I think that 's the place to go . That 's where they 'll lay their eggs and where they 'll hunt prey . And what I 've got to do is get down there , get down to water to find the dragonflies I 'm after . He 's got an easier job getting down than me . It 's all very well collecting giant insects , but you need somewhere to put them . I hate to say it , but we need to get a shift on ! Back in the 21st century , Bob has got a team building a new hi-tech bughouse . This will be the new insect house . It needs to be a fair size with a fair bit of headroom for the flying insects . I have to make it airtight to create a special atmosphere . That means the doors have to be airtight , too , so we don 't lose that atmosphere . What 's he doing down here ? I don 't know why , but the Titanosaurs can 't settle at the other end of the Park . They 're looking for something , I don 't know what . Hang on , I 've had an idea . The Titanosaurs have broken out of every enclosure Bob has built . Now they roam freely , causing trouble wherever they go . Now , you should like these - cycad leaves . We know they were around in his day . Right ... Let 's see if this does the trick , eh ? Is this what you 're after ? Obviously not . I don 't know what 's the matter with him . In his search for the ultimate dragonfly , Nigel moves deeper into the swamps of prehistoric Scotland . There 's something big moving in here , guys . Look , there 's a trail of bubbles disappearing off there . There 's something moving under the water . It seems there are plenty of things in this swamp bigger than dragonflies . ( Rustling ) Did you hear that ? It 's something big and it 's moving . It 's so fast ! Look at that ! It 's an Arthropleura . Wow ! What a magnificent creepy-crawly ! We saw the tracks of this ... Hey ! That rearing arc is a defensive reaction . I 've been sprayed by modern millipedes . They can secrete cyanide . That smells of almonds . I 've had that in my eyes . Nobody knows anything about these . Of course nobody 's seen a living one . They 've only seen the fossils . Nobody 's even too sure whether this is a predator or a vegetarian . It must be about ten feet and those huge mandibles , those huge mouth parts ... I 'm overjoyed by this . What a specimen for Prehistoric Park ! If we can catch it . It 's relaxing . We have to be so careful . If it just relaxes and goes down , maybe I can make a lunge . Got to be ... Whoa ! Come on , relax , relax . Relax . Aagh ! That thing is so fast ! ( Laughs ) Back at Prehistoric Park , head vet Suzanne is putting her Sabre Tooth breeding plan into action . She 's having their pens altered in an effort to get some romance into the air . We ' re doing environment enrichment to make this enclosure much more interesting and mimic the natural surroundings of the Sabre Tooth Cat . We 're hoping that will make them more comfortable , more relaxed with one another and make her less aggressive towards him and they 'll breed successfully and we 'll get our first Sabre Tooth cubs . On the other side of the Park , head keeper Bob is busy trying to solve the problem of the restless Titanosaurs . Some nice , rounded stones . I want to give them to the Titanosaurs . We might have found their problem . A friend of Nigel 's , a palaeontologist , has sent us some photographs . Here , I 'll show you . And it appears that the Titanosaurs used to eat stones . That 's not as barmy as it sounds . Ostriches do . Have a look . Fossils of large plant-eating dinosaurs have been found with stones in their stomachs . One theory is that they ate stones to help grind up tough plant matter in their gut . It 's a nice idea , but will the Titanosaurs really fancy a mouthful of rocks ? The Arthropleura has long gone . We can 't give up . It 's slurping mud , it 's stinking hot . But swamps are a paradise for me , teeming with life . We have to catch some of it . Just imagine the insect house at Prehistoric Park ! Just to taunt us , look at this . The Arthropleura tracks . These are just like the ones in Scotland , on the Isle of Arran . We 're about the right place , the right time . This could be the same tracks . He may have lost the Arthropleura , but Nigel is about to find something just as exciting , a lake swarming with Giant Dragonflies . There 's one stopped there , one flying backwards . Hawker Dragonflies in modern times can go at 30mph . These big ones , who knows what speed they 're going ? They 're looking for mates . If they find a female , they grab hold with claspers and start mating . But they can 't identify what sex it is until they get really close . And these are two males having a dogfight . And look at them . Look at that ! They are so aerobatic . He 's whizzing right close . They can stop immediately , they can spin round on a sixpence . Low over the water there , coming straight towards me . You could feel the breeze from their wings on my face then . This is incredible . This is great . Watching it in the 21 st century is fun enough , but to see dragonflies with a three-foot wingspan having a dogfight ... This is tremendous stuff . One 's broken off . He 's left the other one . He 's patrolling , looking for food now . The dragonfly settles . Time to get hunting . keeping low , moving slow . They 've got superb eyesight . 50 % of a dragonfly 's head is eye . Aagh ! Aagh ! Got me in the shin . Aagh ! - ( MAN ) Are you all right ? - Yeah . Something bit me underwater . There must be a big amphibian in there , a predatory fish or something . But that 'll be fine . Animal bites for us wildlife blokes are just a badge of courage . I 've just seen a dragonfly go up into the canopy . It 'll be dark before we know it . We need to find some drier ground and set up camp . OK , this is about the driest we 'll get . Everywhere 's soggy . We 're looking for a campsite . This is slightly above the rest of the swamp . The guys want to make a fire , but 20 % oxygen in the 21 st century , 35 % in Carboniferous times , even this soggy stuff could go up , so we have to be really careful . The film crew sets up camp . The big question is , what might come out in the night ? Don 't walk around here without boots on . If you have to go off for a Jimmy Riddle , use the torch . There could be poisonous scorpions and everything . - Bill , what are you doing ? - Putting up my mosquito net . You don 't need that . Mosquitoes haven 't evolved yet . They sucked the blood of dinosaurs and won 't be around for 75 million years or so . ( Thunderclap ) The weather turns nasty . Come on , guys , quick . Right , let 's get under . Sleep well , guys . Sleep well . But Nigel and his crew will have more to deal with in the storm before the night is through . At Prehistoric Park , Bob 's trying to solve the problem of the troublesome Titanosaurs by giving them rocks to eat . All right , here you go . Amazingly , Bob 's pebble plan diet is proving popular . What 's all the fuss about , eh ? Perhaps now they 'll stay where they 're supposed to . On the other side of the Park , head vet Suzanne is visiting the observation pens to see how Terence , the injured T-Rex , is getting on . Hey , come over here . Here , boy . He looks terrible . He 's really lethargic . That wound 's all red and inflamed . It looks horrible . I think it 's gone septic . The worst-case scenario is he gets septicaemia which is a disaster . We need to give him antibiotics and get that sorted out . It 's really serious . Tests confirm that Terence does have septicaemia . Suzanne decides to take drastic action . It 's risky giving him antibiotics . We 've no idea how that 'll act on his system . But we have to or he 'll die . Back in the swamps of prehistoric Scotland , the rain has finally stopped . But there 's something more sinister stirring . Creatures often become active after rains and there 's something over there I want to show you . It is one of nature 's show stoppers . Experienced bug hunters never go anywhere without a handy ultraviolet light . The monster I 'm going to show you fluoresces with this . A scorpion that 's nearly a metre long , much bigger than any modern scorpions . It 's got a protein in its cuticle , in the exoskeleton . That fluoresces in ultraviolet light . Nobody knows why . That is gorgeous and what a specimen ! But my camera work is shaky and rubbish , so even they won 't like it . I 've got to wake up the cameraman . Crew member Bill is about to get his own wake-up call . It 's on the move ! Bill wouldn 't like this , but I won 't wake him up . The scorpion won 't sting unless it 's provoked . And he 's moving slowly . It 's getting really close . They have sense organs under their bodies called pectines , amazing vibration detectors . He stopped there . Bill gave a twitch . That 's why he 's coiled in an attack position . I 've got to get him , just grab him ... Got ya ! Aagh ! I never get used to that . I always forget those pincers ! Sorry , mate . You had a scorpion on you , a three-foot , metre-long scorpion . I 'll look for him in the morning . Sorry about that , guys . Next morning , with no change in the T-Rex 's condition , Suzanne goes to see how the Sabre Tooths are getting on with their new , improved enclosure . It 's amazing what a difference the climbing frames have made . She is such a happy cat . Look at her now . She 's rubbing , she 's affectionate , she 's rolling on the grass . She just looks like a happy pussycat . She looks really good . He 's still pacing up and down the fence , trying to get her attention . She 's no longer ignoring him . Hopefully , she won 't be aggressive and she might even accept him . Now Suzanne has to decide if it 's safe to put the two animals in together to breed . If she gets it wrong , there could be a lethal fight . It 's a new day in the swamps of prehistoric Scotland and Nigel 's determined to catch himself a dragonfly . I ' m going move in quick because he 's shimmering his wings . That means they 're warming up for a flight . Aagh ! He 's just too fast and this thing is so big and unwieldy . I 've got another idea . This is my secret weapon . It works with modern , fast-flying dragonflies . It 's a water pistol . I 'll put detergent in here , fill this with water . As they go by , shoot ' em down in mid-air , they fall into the water . Because of the detergent , the surface tension on the lake is broken . They go under the water and that gives me time to catch it with the net . This is harder than I thought . These things are so fast . Stay there . Aagh ! He 's settled . This is our best chance yet . Yes ! Quick ... I 'm going to get the net . Hey ! Got you ! At last ! Take the dragonfly , mate . Thank you , thank you , thank you . Good old Marven ! Here we go ! This ... is the mystery predator . Wow ! And I think I know what it is . This is Crassigyrinus Scoticus . It 's a fossil that 's only ever been found in Scotland , a real Scottish speciality . Those jaws are so powerful . This was the thing that injured me . Bitten off more than it can chew ! And a really powerful tail there , look at that ! What I need to do is get him into the shallows and have a look at him . You need a tight grip . This is slimy and powerful . Look at these ... Aagh ! Look at these tiny limbs ! They 're for an animal a quarter of this size , so it wasn 't very good on land . This thing lived in the shallows and erupted out like a modern-day pike and caught big fish and other amphibians . This is an ambush predator . Look at the length of the jaw there . I 've got to be careful where I put my fingers . It can open its mouth really wide , perfect snap trap . It waits in ambush . It attacks anything that it can dismember - fish , amphibians . A double row of fearsome teeth in there . Crassigyrinus Scoticus hasn 't got a common name , but I 'm going to call this - look - the Swamp Monster ! Whoa ! Off you go , boy , off you go ! Bye-bye ! With no way to transport it safely , Nigel decides to let his Swamp Monster go . If that Crassigyrinus was a Swamp Monster , you are a Swamp Beauty ! Look ... Look at those exquisite eyes ! You are gorgeous ! What a dazzling insect ! And I can 't resist this . Gossamer wings , but there 's power behind them ! A perfect fan on a hot summer day . Stop that now . There we go . I don 't want him to damage his wings . Look at the abdomen there . He 's flexing it to show us . And those strange structures , you can see those in the fossils of this species . Nobody knows what they 're for . They could be used for courtship or grabbing a female . Got to get you back to Prehistoric Park . It 's a big moment for the Sabre Tooth Cats . Suzanne is about to open the gate between the two enclosures , but will they frolic or fight ? I 'm still quite apprehensive about introducing them and seeing how it goes . The water dowser is on standby . Cats don 't like water . If it doesn 't go well , we 'll just blast them apart . I think we should do it . OK ... Are you guys on standby ? OK , lift the gate now . No , she 's walking up towards him . ( Faint growling ) Stand by , stand by ! OK . She looks quite comfortable in there and he 's not attacking her . We 've got a long way to go before they 'd mate successfully , but at least they 're not attacking each other . It 's a really good start . With a dragonfly safely in the bag , Nigel begins his search for the Giant Scorpion . You think of scorpions in deserts , but lots of them live in places like this , in forests and things . And there ! I just saw something different under here . There it is , just as I thought . See , the eight-legged scorpion . They 're not insects . They 're arachnids in the same family as spiders , ticks and mites . It knows I 'm here . Incredible sensory system . See those hairs on the body ? It uses those to detect air currents and will be sensing my vibrations . When I move , it moves towards me . And pretty small claws . That 's what worries me . Small claws , big sting . It probably kills its prey using venom . Scorpions with big claws normally crush their prey . It 's a pretty nasty brew , scorpion venom . There 's toxins in there that can stop your heart beating , stop you breathing . When it raises that sting , it doesn 't half get your heart beating . I 've got to try and grab the telson , the big bulb beneath the sting . And if I can get that , I 'll be safe . What I 've got to do is try to draw his attention . There we are , come on . Come on . He 's responding to the vibrations from the stick . Come on . This is it . It 's all or nothing . This is a strong and powerful creepy-crawly , but this is tiny in comparison to the ancestors of the scorpions . They were Eurypterids , they came out of the sea and had the basic body plan of this , but they could 've been six feet long and weigh as much as I do . Somehow I 've got to get him into a box and take him back to Prehistoric Park . But to get a scorpion into a box , you have to let it go . It 's a dangerous moment . Aagh ! Oh , God ! Scorpion venom can take several hours to have an effect . It may turn out to be toxic or even fatal to humans . It 's throbbing up my whole arm . I 'll put a plaster on it ... But that 's not all ... a couple of miles away , there 's trouble brewing that could jeopardise the lives of the entire crew . At the insect house , Bob has worked out the new threat they 're facing for himself . To keep the prehistoric insects happy , he ' s recreated the atmosphere found 300 million years ago , but there ' s a dangerous side-effect . The higher oxygen levels mean things burn much faster . The lightning storm the night before has started a forest fire . Look at this ! It 's so easy for fire to get a hold . There 's so much oxygen in the atmosphere , this is going to go through the forest at a fair old lick towards the Jeep . We 've got to get the animals , get the Land Rover started and get back to Prehistoric Park . Hey , guys , we 've got to move out of here ! You can feel the heat . The Land Rover is just over there . Flames are all around it . Look , fleeing from the fire ... He 's got the right idea , but we 've got to go towards the heat . Aagh ! Nigel stumbles , but this is no ordinary fallen log . Nigel has stumbled across another Arthropleura , but it couldn ' t have happened at a worse time . Arthropleura was burrowing in the leaf litter and must 've felt the heat . But it 's got no chance . It 'll be burnt alive . Unless Nigel can save it . I 'll be back ! This is such a powerful beast and even when you get close to it , I 'm not sure if it 's a centipede or a millipede . Hey ! Jim , quick ! Quick ! Quick , Jim ! Move ! Come on ! With the oxygen , this place is like a tinderbox ! Come on , quick ! We have got to get out of here ! I can smell burning insects . The fire is getting so close . Hurry up ! We haven 't got much time . We 've still got to get this thing moving . With the engine out of action , Nigel must find a way to get them and the Jeep through the time portal and back to the Park before it 's too late . When you 've got a park full of dinosaurs , you 'll never need a tow truck . Come on , this way ! And Bob knows just how to say thank you . There you are now . That 's it . Good girl . Good girl . Well done . Well done . They 'll do anything for a treat . Thanks for that . Everyone 's back safely , but Nigel 's still got something on his mind . I think it 'll be fine . It probably would have had an effect by now . Scorpion venom is designed to kill insects and luckily he 's a mammal . - Nigel , you need a good night 's sleep . - Thanks , Suzanne . Good night . At the insect house , Bob is checking up on the new arrivals . Where is he ? Should be around here somewhere . There he is . I 'm not too worried because the Arthropleura is actually a vegetarian . You know what the funny thing is ? I 'm rather fond of him . It 's because he 's big , not an iggly-wiggly little spider that creeps up behind you . Aye , good lad . Something 's up at the vet surgery . ( Growling ) Suzanne , I thought you had bad news , but Terence is Ok ? He 's fine . The good news is he responded to the antibiotics . The bad news is I didn 't restrain him . I didn 't think he 'd come round so quickly . He 's destroying my surgery ! I don 't know how we 're going to get him out . - Bob ? - ' What is it , Nigel ? ' Hello , mate . Can you get over here ? I 've got a real surprise for you . A few hours later and Terence the T-Rex is safely back in his enclosure . Thanks to a tough immune system and a bit of modern medicine , he should make a full recovery . Leaving Suzanne the minor job of tidying up the surgery ! Next time , Nigel goes back 75 million years to catch the biggest crocodile of all time . Suzanne finds out if the Sabre Tooths will finally have cubs . And the Titanosaurs cause some serious mayhem . But for now at least , all is calm at Prehistoric Park . ( Roars )
