 Do you have a head injury ? I need a job . It 's not like the world is just shelling out cash money to see me do my confrontational spoken-word performance art . There were two people at my last performance , and one of them rushed to the stage to give me a hug . Mom thought you need one . And I can 't ask my mother for any more money or you . If I had it , I would give it to you . I can 't believe Sexy Boss Man hasn 't paid you yet . Don 't you gotta get your crapmobile fixed ? I do have to get my crapmobile fixed , but my boss ... Sexy Boss Man . My boss says the checks don 't start - until the training is done . - You 're not fully trained yet ? They have an expert coming in from out of town to work with me . He 's supposed to , like , vet me or something . - Out of town ? - China . For a temp agency ? Hey , how about we talk about your new job ? This restaurant is supposed to pay the best tips in town . When we graduated art school we swore two things : No more underwear-stealing boyfriends ... What was it with those guys ? We were like magnets . ... and no more waitressing . That 's before the student loan fairy left a little some-some under my pillow . There are tons of other day jobs . You know all those times I got arrested protesting ? Turns out there 's such a thing as a permanent record , and they really do look at it . OK . So where do I have to go for the free fries ? Lacey . The Booty Chest ? The pirate-themed sports bar with scantily-clad waitresses ? Arrr ! Lacey , you 're an independent , politically active woman of today working at a den for middle-aged gropers and fratboys ? This independent woman of today is paying off her crushing student loan debt with tips from middle-aged gropers and fratboys . It 's like turning bad money into good . Oh , my God , you hear that ? It 's Simone De Beauvoir turning in her grave ! How much are you getting paid for your new job ? Nice car . Have you been helped ? I 'm not making fun of you . That 's a Hruck Bugbear , manufactured in Eastern Europe in the eighties and imported to the States . People mock it as a poor man 's Yugo , I consider it the pinnacle of Cold War Balkan engineering . Yeah , my car and Chernobyl . Oh , don 't be so hard on the little guy . You love it so much , you try and see if you can make it go . I got a guy coming in to train me at work today and I 'm gonna be late . Are you a mechanic ? Musician . I just like lo-fi , low-tech stuff . You should see my collection of Moogs . I totally loved The Moog Cookbook when I was 15 ! Although the way my prospects have been going lately , Eastern European automotive repair 'd probably be better than what I 've got in the hopper . Could be worse . My roommate just got a job at The Booty Chest . The pirate-themed sports bar with the scantily dressed waitresses ? Arrr . Maybe I should get a job there . You don 't seem like the Daisy Dukes type . Well , I 'm a man of multiple shades and dimensions . Plus , if it pays well and gives me some time to work on my music ... I so know what you mean . I 'm a visual artist . Oh , yeah ? Let me guess . Semi-abstract expressionist ? - How 'd you know ? - Hmm . I know artists . The bummer is I finally get a job interview , they called weeks ago , and my flaky roommate lost the message . That is the Bummermaster General . Yeah , it gets worse . I found the message under my roommate 's pile of 12-inch singles from the eighties , right between the Night version ofGirls on Film and an import ofAnt Music ... Ooh , New Romantic , very nice . Yeah , you should see him in his puffy shirt . Anyway , I rushed over to the place , but they had given the job away . Sounded perfect too . Flexible hours , dynamic work environment , and a totally messed up name on the letterhead . What was it called ? The Jolly Fats Wehawkin Temp Agency . Oh , and , uh , what 's weird is my contact didn 't even have a name , just " The Middleman . " Capture : FRM @ xxy Sync : FRS @ · ¼ · ¼ You were gonna give my job away to someone else , weren 't you ? We 're always on the lookout for gifted recruits . Just ' cause we had someone on the radar , doesn 't mean this job isn 't yours . Seemed like me getting this job was a once in a lifetime thing . No way of knowing if he would 've survived the tests or made good with Sensei Ping . What if I don 't make good with Sensei Ping ? Does that mean I never get paid and some handsome , delightful musician gets my job ? Cowboy the heck up and get the place and yourself ready . I am ready . You don 't know the meaning of ready . I was Sensei Ping 's apprentice . Let me tell you ... Sensei Ping is the most lethal man alive . Since he has agreed to train me into a killing machine , to be a better sidekick , there are three things I must rember , before meeting him : A , never ask why he wears the Mexican wrestler mask , B , never ask his age , and C , never bring up the Clan of the Pointed Stick . Never bring up the Clan of the Pointed Stick . Remember , Sensei Ping is the only man alive who knows the Wu-Han Thumb of Death . You think he 'd be proud to be a member of the world 's most secretive and elite martial arts organization . You just broke rule number three . Put a sock in it , 3-PO . You 've memorized the most hallowed verse of greeting , right ? Never seen you antsy like this . It 's kinda cute . Yes , I memorized the most hallowed verse of greeting . O2STK just called . It 's a red ball . What the monkey ? We can 't have a red ball today . Sensei Ping expects the Middleman to pick him up . It 's a question of honor . O2STK ? The people we work for . We work for someone ? They got a bad one and they wired your money , so you gotta go take care of business . How bad ? Robbery at the Metro Museum . Local authorities blundered through and have nothing . O2STK wants you there post haste . What 's O2STK stand for ? What did they steal ? La Cage de Lumiere . I read about that in the art section . The world 's most complicated diamond . Shine a light through it , it makes a cage of light . It 's worth more bread than the two of you meatsocks put together . That 's why I 'm an artist , and you 're a soulless android from outer space masquerading as a cranky librarian . This one 's a pickle . No , it isn 't . You 're going to the museum . O2STK was very clear . Buckle up , Dubbie . It 's gonna be a crowded day . Yeah , ' cause I 'm just made of time . I understand the police and insurance company investigators were here , but I 'm Special Agent Hillel Goldfarb of the Mossad . This is my associate ... Lieutenant Esther Finklestein . The stolen diamond was mined and cut in the homeland . Our government has a vested interest in the theft . So you are in the Mossad ? I served in the Israeli army . £ ¿ £ ¿ £ ¿ £ ¿ £ ¿ £ ¿ Wow . I thought that when people stole jewels from a museum it was all cat burglar Tom Cruise Mission : Impossiblestuff . This looks like a herd of frat boys threw a kegger . Frat boys had nothing to do with it . This was a coordinated strike . The power cables were all yanked out by hand , the lasers were torn down by a freakishly tall person . The guards were all overpowered by brutish strength . The thieves came in numbers large enough to beat any force and knew the response time well enough to escape before the police arrived . So who did it ? We 'll find out soon enough . Ida ? Begin a forensic scan , please . I 'm starting the scan . Try looking around , will you ? If you don 't see it , I can 't scan it . Oh . Those cops left their fingerprints everywhere . Bunch of gorillas . It 's gonna take me a while to eliminate their prints . We don 't have the time , Ida . Sensei Ping 's first class flight from Wu-Han will be here lickety-split . Well , why didn 't you just say so ? I 'll rewrite the source code to the HEYDAR , route the data conduits to a broader band pipeline , do an exhaustive search of higher efficiency satellite uplinking frequencies , and replace all the chipsets in the operation with stuff that works faster . Holy jumping banas , we 're in dutch . Uh , yo , boss man ... Am I or am I not wearing a dorky uniform ? Sensei Ping expects a Middleman to pick him up . Send me . You 're not a Middleman yet . Not a paid one anyway . You 're not ready . To pick up a surly Asian guy at the airport ? You just described three of my last four relationships . Just give me the car keys , Cletus . I 'll take care of it . I need the data relays in the Middle Mobile to continue the investigation . You do have a car , don 't you ? Did the Middleman send you ? Uh , Sensei Ping . Like an unborn lotus festering in the mud waiting to blossom , I come to you with humble greetings to beseech your guidance most awesome ... Did the Middleman tell you to recite the most hallowed verse of greeting to Sensei Ping ? Uh , yes . He is such a comedian . You know , most of us masters of the martial arts are actually very laid back . Really ? No ! Ow ! You will stand up straight when you recite the most hallowed verse of greeting like it means something to you , and then ... you fetch Sensei Ping 's bags . I see the Middlemen have upheld their tradition of driving large black American sedans . In Sensei Ping 's homeland , cars are but shoeboxes . But here , floating palaces . Finally , slow learner , you have scored a fraction of a point with Sensei Ping . That 's not my car . That 's my car . It 's a Hruck Bugbear . It 's the pinnacle of Balkan engineering . - Ow ! Do not speak unless you are spoken to ! And never , ever let Sensei Ping 's bags touch pavement . The print in the lower right hand quadrant at coordinates 045000 and 045673 belongs to Metro officer Leslie McClaine . Have you found any relevant material , Ida ? Why , are you bored ? Because I 'm having a ripsnorting time X 'ing off cop digits back here . Mutual of Omaha . Ida , are you seeing what I 'm seeing ? That unclassifiable piece of biomass on the floor ? This could be the clue we 've been looking for . Whatever this stuff is it 's fresh , hasn 't been here longer than a few hours . - Analysis ? - Stand by . Ancho chiles . Mulatto guajillo chiles . Ibarra chocolate , soft bark cinnamon . Ida , those are the exact ingredients ofmolesauce . The savory Mexican chocolate condiment ? On the day Sensei Ping is coming to town ? This is bad . Get on the Marconi to Wendy . If we 're right , she and Sensei Ping are in a pig trough of trouble . Sensei Ping has never known such indignity . This mode of conveyance is beneath anyone who walks upright . Auto smells like something that was drained from a bowel ... OK , you know what ? I can 't imagine why you would possibly wear a Mexican wrestler mask . I mean , you don 't look all that old to me , but hey , I 'd probably cover my face , too , if I were in an organization with a craptastic name like Clan of the Pointed Stick . - Aah ! Sensei Ping shall make you pay for this outrage . Oh , really ? What are you gonna do , kill me ? What 's the O2STK gonna say when they find out ? Aw , yeah . How do you like me now ? Silence , my little pit viper . Danger has come up on our tracks . Uh , Sensei Ping ... It is my name . Do not wear it out . Uh , why is my car being surrounded by a bunch of lucha librewrestlers ? That is a very long story for another day , my impudent young weasel . Sensei Ping . La Cage de Lumiere ! Wait a minute ... We can , and you will live to tell the world that someone has finally forged a prison that will hold the legendary Sensei Ping . Wendy ? Are you OK ? My head . Where 's Sensei Ping ? Uh ... Uh ... I kinda lost him . Me and Sensei Ping were pulled over and ambushed by a group of masked wrestlers . Sweet mother of Preston Tucker , did you pick him up in that ? Yes . You said you had a car . Can I finish my story ? So the wrestlers put him in this laser cage , and then a guy wearing a blue and gold mask said he had finally forged a prison that could hold the legendary Sensei Ping . El Maestro de Ceremonias . One of his associates is the world 's most ruthless infiltration expert , - El Comel ? n . Doesn 't that mean " The Glutton ? " Wherever he goes , the stain ofmoleis sure to follow . He weighs 329 pounds , but has been known to squeeze through spaces the diameter of a tennis racket . That 's how they got in the museum to steal the diamond . These wrestlers have a decades-old blood feud with Sensei Ping . They 're using the rarest diamond in the world to trap him . It 's diabolical . A blood feud ? So how did they get you to pull over the car ? What ? Oh . Uh , well we were kinda already pulled over . Why would you do that ? Uh ... He ... Well , I mean ... Out with it , Wendy . I need all the intel I can get . He kinda got mad because I asked about the mask . You what ? And about his age . You didn 't . And I brought up the Clan of the Pointed Stick . How could you ? Of all the things , why ? Well , he pushed me . He had it coming . How did he have it coming ? He bopped me on the head . And then he made fun of my car . Yes ? Hitting people is wrong . Did you ask him to stop ? No . Did you try to talk to him ? Did you make any effort to deal with him other than to bring up the three things I specifically told you not to ? The single best way you thought to handle a cranky martial arts master from a foreign culture , a man who spent two of your lifetimes climbing to the top of his art and earning the respect of every fighter in the world , flew halfway around the world to train you , was to offend his honor and open him up to an ambush ? How was I supposed to know there was a troop ofluchadores gunning for the guy ? This is so unfair . First order of business is to get Sensei Ping before the Clan of the Pointed Stick figures out he 's gone . Take your weapon and go home . If I 'm not back in four hours , leave the country , preferably for South America , and change your name . You 'll want to spend the first few years doing cash-only work like waitressing . Did I miss a memo ? In 17 hours , when Sensei Ping fails to show up for his traditional breakfast of chicken feet at the Golden Ocean Teahouse in Chinatown , the Clan of the Pointed Stick will send out three highly-trained Shayu fighters . Reinforcements . Awesome . To kill us . What ? ! That sucks ! La-di-da , Dubbie . You must be mistaking the Clan of the Pointed Stick for one of the rational societies of paranoid , celibate martial artists . When they discover we let Sensei Ping get kidnapped , their retribution will be like a divine cleansing flame . So you 're benching me ? - Absolutely . What about my job ? I mean , I could help you here . There 's a reason why you hired me . You 've done enough for one day . Yo , Wendy Watson . Hey , Noser . You know what tortures me ? The ring of fire ? When the man comes around ? That your daddy named you Sue ? The fact that God 's gonna cut you down , that you 're in the jailhouse now ? The Folsom Prison Blues ? That the road goes on forever ? What was the sixth one of those ? The Folsom Prison Blues . Yeah , that is what tortures me . You and me both , Noser . Hey , what are you doing here ? I live here . You look like a hundred bucks . How bad ? Dear Lord ! That bad ? - Yeah . I might have to change my name and move to a South American country . If you need a waitressing job for cash , I know a guy in Buenos Aires . Shouldn 't you be at The Booty Chest ? No . I quit . This was your first day . Turned out to be a den for frat boys and gropers . I told you . Yeah . And who would 've thunk every single guy in the place turned out to be a total masher chumsucker ? I may not be above putting on a tight T-shirt for student loan money , but I 'm not sitting on a man 's lap without a deep , intimate connection of love , trust , understanding . Did someone ask you to ... Every guy in the frickin ' frackin ' place . Just when I thought things couldn 't get any worse this group oflucha libre wrestlers showed up . Lucha librewrestlers ? It must be Cinco de Mayo or something . One guy was so fat , I don 't know how he fit through the door . El Comel ? n . Holy coinkidink , Batman ! Wendy . Wendy ? How long ago was this ? I just got home , and I 'm going to write a new confrontational monologue on how losers that go to pirate-themed sports bars with scantily-clad waitresses objectify minimum wage-earning women . Lacey , you still have your Booty Chest T-shirt ? Can you tell me what it is about your job that requires you to dress up like a Booty Chest girl and talk to a bunch of lucha librewrestlers ? Look , the temp agency had a big account with the , uh , PALLF . The Pan-American Lucha LibreFederation ? Yeah , and I sorta messed up today . It was a human resources thing , and I wound up losing the account . Are things bad with Sexy Boss Man ? Must you call him that ? Must you ? Yes , I must . Yes , things are bad . He wants the account back . If I could just convince thoselucha libreguys to reconsider maybe I won 't lose my job . I have to do it stealthy . I have to show Sexy Boss ... I have to convince my boss I can fix this . All right , then . Listen close . A Booty Chest girl has to be two things . They made us repeat it like a mantra at basic training . Basic training ? You were there , what , two hours ? Basic training at The Booty Chest consists of one concept . Drop some wisdom on me . Slutty but sweet . - " Slutty but sweet ? " - Slutty but sweet . O K , Wendy . I taught you all I can . What you do with this knowledge is up to you . Hot flaming pork buns , I knew it ! " A high-powered energy beam emitter was stolen by masked wrestlers from the particle physics department of the University of Guadalajara 48 hours ago . " Input these performance characteristics , scan the city electrical grid . Tracking the laser 's power consumption signature ought to bring up Sensei Ping 's location . Hey , my online mahjongg is getting hot . Don 't look at me in that tone of voice , young man . I 'm the one hooked up to this unholy machine by my tripes . All right . Commencing scan . We have Problem . Your high-powered Mexican laser has the same exact power-consumption characteristics as a Teledyne Water Pik with custom high-output heating element and an aftermarket turbo-powered wash accelerator . Who 'd own that ? At least five people in this city . Just print out the addresses . Gall-monging weirdos . - Bingo . Hey ! It 's you , from the street . You work at The Booty Chest ? You told me they were hiring , and I ... wasn 't kidding when I said I needed the work . So what about you ? Uh , I 'm doing research for an art project . Really ? Yeah . It 's about how losers who go to pirate-themed sports bars with scantily-clad waitresses objectify minimum wage-earning women . And I thought I 'd start with thoselucha libre guys over there . Um , that 's a very relevant theme for an art project , but I wouldn 't go near those guys if I were you . I can handle it . If you 'll excuse me ... Wait , wait . Do you know anything aboutlucha libre ? There 's good wrestlers and bad wrestlers , like how El Santo and Blue Demon are the Superman and Batman oflucha libre , but these are definitely bad guys . Stone Cold and Hollywood Hogan have nothing on them for devious cunning . I 'll tell you something else : Those guys ain 't here for the waitresses . They 've been sitting there a while , they haven 't looked at any of the women twice . They 're up to something , something bad . Doing research for an art project is one thing , but , uh , this is triple next-gen villainy here . How do you know so much aboutlucha libre ? I 'm a man of multiple shades and dimensions . Right . Plus I watched a lot of lucha librewhen I was a kid . I grew up in Panama . My dad was a military man . Mine too . Really ? Well , trust me , one military brat to another , don 't mess with those guys . Tell you what , one military brat to another , I 'll go over there and talk to them , and if things get rough you get my back . Hey , nice brush off . You really think you know what you 're doing ? Well , good thing is , if this goes bad , you may have a job waiting for you . His apprentice ? You want to kill the Middleman too ? That 's why you 're eating spicy chicken wings in a pirate-themed sports bar ? Oh , no . You said to have your back . Let 's go . I found the source of the power signature . They must have Sensei Ping inside this van . Don 't open that ! Please wake up . Please . Not now , Ida , I 'm busy . What did you do ? The Big Green Cheese has gone completely offline . Yeah , we got ambushed by a group ofluchadores and this cute boy who tried to help got knocked out . Wah-wah-wah . What 's that got to do with the price of eggs in China ? You need to get back here post haste . I can 't leave him . How about you wake up and smell the first responders , honey pie ? You 're about to be targeted for assassination by a paranoid society of celibate martial artists . Now the cops are coming to get you for starting a brawl in a pirate-themed sports bar with scantily-clad waitresses . Your boy toy 's gonna wake up in the ER in minutes . The question is , do you want the G-Men to toss your behind in the pokey ? I 'm sorry . It 'll be all right . I promise . El Comel ? n said they were taking Sensei Ping to the Yucat ? n to be judged . No doubt they 're taking the Middleman there too . Oh , I know that . Those wrestlers are taking him to their secret headquarters at the Dread Pyramid of Itzilichlitlichlitzl . You knew that ? Why are you hooked up ? I 'm using a well-known commercial website to buy myself tickets to Buenos Aires , where I intend to lay low for a while . Wanna come along ? I hear those tango jockeys are real bobcats in the sack . Are you drunk ? We have to save the Middleman and Sensei Ping . You should wonder about what you 're gonna do when the Clan of the Pointed Stick comes to kill you for letting Sensei Ping get kidnapped by masked wrestlers . They 're not gonna kill me . I 'll be bringing Sensei Ping back . Don 't pee on my leg and tell me it 's raining . Look , I know it 's a big job , but I think it 's time you let me into the Middleman circle of trust . We can call O2STK , tell them what 's going on , and ask them for help . Oh , you poor thing . What ? O2STK is a joke . Neither me nor the Middleman really knows who we work for , so we gave him that name as a , well , little inside joke . It stands for " organization too secret to know . " Now you tell me ? Didn 't expect you to run with it . Oy . Well , then , fine , just tell me how to find this Dread Pyramid of Itzilichlitlichlitzl . You want to fly into the jungles of Mexico , be my guest . The Middlejet 's parked on the roof . We have a Middlejet ? What kind of an outfit do you think this is ? It 's right above the Middleboat . Not that a bolshie spliff sniffer like you could fly it . Before he vanished under as of yet unexplained circumstances , my father was the best pilot on the face of the Earth . So ? There 's two things I know how to do better than anyone . Painting abstract expressionist renderings of paranormal phenomena , flying any crate with wings and an engine . Ida , this is Wendy reporting in . Well , hello there , Miss Fancy Pants . I need the coordinates and I need you to patch me into Lacey . I 'm in the middle of something . Lacey , it 's me . Dub-Dub ? Are you in the cockpit of a Harrier vertical take off and landing fighter jet ? No ! No , no , it 's nothing like that , really . Ah , it 's OK , it 's just that I 'm in my yellow teddy suit . Oh , God . Oh , I didn 't mean to interrupt you . No , it 's OK . I 'm almost done anyway . Besides , it 's you . So what 's up ? I need you to do something for me . There 's this guy , a musician . He was working as a busboy at The Booty Chest . Oh , a new guy , started work today , kinda tall and really , really , really cute ? Yeah . His name 's Tyler . Yeah , I noticed him . Tyler . Well , OK , I kinda got into a fight with those luchadoresI told you about , and he kinda got knocked out , and I don 't know where they took him or anything . Was he OK ? I don 't know . Could you call your old bosses and find out what ER he 's in , make sure for me ? Why aren 't you with him right now ? What 's going on ? Could you please check up on him for me ? Sure , Dub-Dub . And , Lacey , I want you to know it means the world to me that you made me over into a slutty but sweet waitress - at a pirate-theme sports bar . I know , Wendy . I know . But there 's something I have to know . What is your new job ? You have put on an appallingly poor display , my apprentice . I can 't disagree , Sensei Ping . But I will find a way out of this . Sensei Ping is still in this cage . That is all Sensei Ping is saying . Sensei Ping , you have been brought to the ancient rocks of Itzilichlitlichlitzl to face the consequences for your cold-blooded murder of the greatest masked wrestler to ever slap the canvas , the legendary El Sapo Dorado ! Sensei Ping demands to be heard . Our tradition allows you to speak your last words , Sensei Ping . It is true . Your master , El Sapo Dorado , did indeed die before me . But I did not kill him . Your master came to me after years of wandering the earth trying to find a warrior who could best him . With the utmost respect , he challenged me to a series of duels . We fought for 25 days without dishonor . On the dawn of the 26th day , when El Sapo Dorado suffered a fatal heart attack I buried him with honors and took his mask , not as a trophy , but as a tribute to the one man I could never best . Silencio ! Silencio ! You truly believe this lie of yours will stand ? Doesn 't matter , because you have resorted to thievery , deception and murder to settle this feud . And in the name of El Sapo Dorado , Sensei Ping demands his right for a trial by combat ! Very clever , Sensei Ping . Sensei Ping can be quite the wheeler-dealer when the opportunity arises . If it 's trial by combat you desire , then so be it . We will be out of here in a second . Now , choose your champion . Did he just ... ? Yes . And that means you aren 't ... ? - Uh-uh . So I 'm gonna have to ... ? Yep . El Maestro can be quite the wheeler-dealer when he chooses to , huh ? Hmm . I have the Pyramid of Itzilichlitlichlitzl in my sights , but I don 't see a landing strip anywhere . No problem . Bail in the upper atmosphere , parachute under the top of the pyramid and find your own way in . Bail ? Parachute ? How will I get back ? You 'll either be dead or rescue the Middleman and Sensei Ping , kill all the wrestlers in your way , and jack whatever plane they used to get here . What , you never watched a Bond flick ? I 'm just about to fly over . Well , then , you better bail now , shouldn 't you ? I , uh , I ... Oh , yeah , I can see how this would all be very overwhelming . How about I engage the remote and do it for you ? Wait ! You look good . Why , thank you , sir . Sensei Ping , you have selected your champion , now meet your opponent . The one , the only , the dreaded ... Cien M ? scaras ! What 's the matter ? I can take him . Cien M ? scaras means " a hundred masks . " It 's just one guy with a hundred masks , right ? He was , until he was cursed by an Aztec mummy . Now he is 100 identical men who must all wear the same mask ! Oh , phooey . Yes ! He still has 25 to beat . He will not survive . Behind you ! - No ! His end is near . Let him go ! Nicely done , young one . Sensei Ping may have to revise his opinion of you . Sensei Ping will take it from here . He 's free . He 's free ! There 's something you should know . Sensei Ping didn 't face down 100 men until he was twice your age . What you did will be the stuff of legends , my apprentice . Why , thank you , sir . Are you OK ? I 've been better . You may want to unhook your parachute . It cramps your style . Oh , shut up . This blood feud ends today . There 's only one way to salvage this situation . The Wu-Han Thumb of Death ! This blood feud is finished . Excuse me , are you a member of the patient 's family ? Uh , yes . I 'm his sister . OK , then . Uh , well , Tyler 's resting now . We shouldn 't wake him , but there 's something I need you to know . He has a concussion and , well , amnesia . - Amnesia ? - I 'm afraid so . I thought people only got that in movies and soap operas and comic books . Well , it 's extremely rare , but it 's unlikely that young Tyler here 'll ever rember any of the events of the past two days . He doesn 't rember anything from the past two days ? Mm-mmm . He has two-day amnesia ? Shouldn 't have any trouble remembering his sister . Oh , what a lousy , stinkin ' world . He 's waking up . Do you want to say hello ? Would you mind holding these for me ? I 'm having a hard time seeing my brother like this , and I just need to pull myself together . Yo , Wendy 's boss . Hello , Mr. Noser . May I ask you a question ? Sure thing . What does become of the broken-hearted ? I think , eventually , they gotta find peace of mind . Maybe . Thanks . You 've been helpful . It 's open . Hello , Lacey . Nice yellow teddy head . Please don 't make fun of the yellow teddy head . Oh , I couldn 't if I wanted to . When I was a boy , my parents bought me a set of 3,000 Lincoln Logs . But the only way I could truly create to the best of my ability was to wear a large badger costume . You understand . It 's what I do . Is Wendy upstairs ? That 's a sad painting . I 'm a sad person . No , you 're not . Really ? Because , I don 't know , that whole thing where I almost lost my job , and then turned a totally adorable guy I should be dating into a two-day amnesiac , and then had to watch 100 masked wrestlers get killed like coeds in a slasher film . I could really see how that would bum a person out . Had to be done . They would have killed us all . I know it had to be done . You impressed the living croutons and fondue off Sensei Ping . I just went to his suite at the Four Seasons . He says you show a lot of promise . He 's looking forward to training you and he 's promised to put a good word in with the Clan of the Pointed Stick . I guess it all worked out . We certainly ducked a bullet , thanks to you . You know , Sensei Ping 's not the only one who 's impressed . I 'd be taking the big dirt nap if you hadn 't come to the rescue . I owe you , and I 'm not just talking wooden nickels . What you did wasn 't a sad person 's doing . It was brave , resourceful and cunning . It was a Middleman at work . It 's , uh ... Your first paycheck . And a little something extra for going above and beyond the call . That is awesome ! Sexy Boss Man gave you a sweet smart car ? I guess I kinda helped him get back thatlucha libreaccount . This is fantastic ! Yeah , but I 'll miss the Hruck Bugbear . Kind of a babe magnet , that car . Yeah . Right . So what 's this license plate mean ? Sort of an inside joke , Lace .
