 Fuzz . Fuzz . Lacey , are you pointing the dish to the southeast ? ' Cause you have to . How about now ? Fuzz . - Ooh , fuzzy porn . - Sounds good to me . - Help me in . - Are you joking ? What about Supremo-Destructo Martial Arts Combat Challenge ? SMACC ! This morning you were going on about how , despite your generally pacifistic ways , SMACC ... Is no mere bloodsport , but an outlet for man 's primal angst in the barbaric sterility of the modern world . So , Lace , how could you settle for fuzzy porn over the martial arts ? I know I might have said martial arts is the most confrontational of all the arts , but that 's before I was in danger of a multiple-story faceplant from adjusting our Cold War era hand-me-down satellite dish . Oh , guys , I think it 's coming in . I see a crowd . No . It 's Varsity Fanclub . What 's Varsity Fanclub ? Only the most popular boy-band in the world . How could you be alive and not know Varsity Fanclub , Dub-Dub ? How can you know Varsity Fanclub and not want to end it all ? * Oh whoa uh , uh Oh whoa uh , uh * * Bad habit Oh whoa uh , uh * * Oh whoa uh , uh ... * - What ? - Oh , my God , you love them . - I do not . - You had all the dance moves down pat . As if practiced all night every night . Whatever , guys . I 'm a quick study . And lying to us about your secret love for Varsity Fanclub . I 'm not having this conversation . You know , Wendy Watson , I think we should buy Lacey Varsity Fanclub tickets . Totally , for her 14th birthday . Oh , look , the door . I 'll get it . Hey . Pip . Wow . Are my three favorite illegal subtenants having a party ? Sure , you can come in . I was just dropping by to invite you to my gallery show tomorrow night . You got your two-hour-plus spoken word opus " Hey , Mr. God " into a gallery show ? No . It 's for my paintings . You got your nude self-portrait into a gallery show ? That was my sister . And , no , my period of erotic sibling representation is over . This gallery show , it 's something new . I 'm calling it Deus Ex Pip . It 's Latin for " The Machines of Pip . " That 's not what it means . Whatever ! So , the deets . Tomorrow night , The Gate . Wait , The Gate ? The gallery for up-and-coming artists ? Sayonara , squatters . I gotta see these paintings . To the Internet . How did that troglodyte get his paintings into The Gate ? Oh , man , this photo of Pip ! Oh , wait . That isn 't ... Oh , my God , that 's my painting . Sync : FRS @ iMeow The Middleman Season 1 , Ep 5 Is it lame clinging to the hope that despite all evidence to the contrary this is just a weird coincidence ? Like the mutual discovery of DNA , or the collective unconscious ? Come on , Carol , I wouldn 't put anything beneath that scum-sucker . He copied your painting . Then Pip is a being of the purest , darkest evil . And a confusing one . Who bogarts your work and tells you ? Don 't worry , Dub-Dub . Confrontation is my business . Pip is about to reap the whirlwind . That means we 're gonna do bad things to him . I 'll give you a second . - What is it , Ida ? - Can 't a woman just call ? Maybe I 'm lonely . Seriously , can 't this wait ? I 've got a crisis here . There , there , buttercup , of course it can , if you don 't mind there 's been a rip in the fabric of space ! You know , it 's a good thing you have that nude self-portrait for when they do your facial reconstruction . What is your major malfunction ? If you 're gonna copy my work at least be smart about it . I went to the gallery website . I saw the paintings you stole from me . The paintings I stole from you ? You know , Wendy , I didn 't want to bring this up , but the thing is , your work is kind of exactly like mine . You 're trying to gaslight me ? I 'm just saying it 's tough to prove who painted what when . You 're gonna reap the whirlwind , Pip . That means we 're gonna do bad things to you . Ooh , let me guess , you and Lacey the wonderdog are going to douse fake blood on my canvasas or melt them with a hair dryer . How could I share a roof with you guys after that ? I 'd have to call my dad and have you illegal subletters kicked out . Same goes if my nose spontaneously breaks in the next few seconds . Are we clear ? Good . I do hope to see you at the show . Wow , there really is a hole in space . With a duck caught inside . Guess this kind of stuff really does draw a crowd . Which one of our schmancy fake Ids are we gonna use to disperse this mob ? No badge this time , Dubbie . The present situation requires the derring-do of a different sort of ruse . Ladies and gentlemen , what you see before you is no mere trick , for you are witness to the astonishing street magic of Rene the Remarkable , and my lovely assistant ... Uh , Marion the Enthusiastic . Now , for my next bit of street magic ... That 's it , folks . Show 's over . - Nothing else to see ... - Yes . Thank you for coming . Please watch our show , coming this summer to basic cable . - Drive safely now . The fabric of space is tearing , a duck 's life hangs in the balance , and you want to do card tricks ? My magic flip of the fingers usually kills at a time like this . It 's a crack in space ! To my untrained ears that sounds like a world-ending big deal . Make no mistake , a crack in space is no laughing matter . But what we have here is a warp hole . Made properly , one of these babies can link any two points in the universe giving anyone the ability to travel anywhere , instantly . Lucky for us , this hole 's only half a drake deep . So do we just yank out Howard , zip up the hole and be done with it ? Only way to zip it back up is to find the machine that made it . Meantime , We 've got to remove the duck from the warp hole and take measures to keep any further lookie-loos from poking their noses where they don 't belong . Don 't suppose we have a laser beam fence handy . Better . Pound for pound the most powerful deterrent force in the world . Rene the Remarkable strikes again . Vitals and intelligence within normal limits . This duck is nothing more than an innocent victim . Ida , punching a warp hole into the fabric of space requires an enormous amount of energy . Get on the HEYDAR and do a global search . No one can generate that much energy without leaving some trace . Oh , give me a minute . I 'm tracking down the perfect orange sauce . Now that 's just depraved . Wait , so soulless androids from parts unknown actually eat ? - Take a step closer and find out . - Bring it , Marvin . Ladies , I 'll not have this escalate into a donnybrook . This duck 's seen things no feather-bearing waterfowl should ever see . Need to find the machine that opened that warp hole , and we need to find it now . Oh , don 't blow your diaper . I 'm on the case . So what 's in the box ? Oh , every now and then a box comes in with weapons , gadgets and things ... Yeah , yeah , I got that on my first day . I mean , specifically . What 's in the box ? Ah . Two small indistinguishable gizmos . That 's not necessarily the case . One 's a truth bomb , the other a concussive stun field generator . You can tell by just looking ? Books , Dubbie , are our friends . Gee , Sugar Britches , don 't make us wait for the inevitable wisecrack . Yeah . Heart 's not in it today , Ida . Hold the onions . Wendy Watson too glum to tte tte ? This is most unusual . It 's nothing , really . Just ... Some art stuff 's getting to me . Ooh , art stuff . I 'm scintillated . If you 're not firing on all cylinders the Middle Organization is not firing on all cylinders . Pip , the malignant nematode son of my building owner is ripping me off ... - ... and selling my work in a gallery . - Just back up 200 feet ! Did you say you 're being plagiarized ? That 's dirty pool . I 'll clean his clock . Wait . What happened to taking the middle road , and using violence as a last resort ? There 's no negotiating with plagiarists , Dubbie . You take credit for a man 's ideas , you rob his spirit . It 's one thing to forego credit for saving the world as a Middleman , but art and the artists behind it are what make the world worth saving . I agree . You should quit immediately and pursue your art full-time . Look , as buoyed as my spirits are by your mutual outpouring of support this is my problem . I will deal with it . She means with doobage . I 'm finding something . It won 't take me more than a few seconds to pin it down . Chocoholics Anonymous ! Ida ! - Somebody pinged me . - Pinged you ? How ? There 's another HEYDAR out there . She 's my sister . She 's my daughter . My sister ... My daughter ... Another HEYDAR . They 're scanning my circuits . Unplug me . Blue , blue ! She 's in blue screen crash . What are we supposed to do , hit Control-Alt-Delete ? Dubbie , I have an important question before I activate this . Answer truthfully . - Are you pregnant ? - Are you kidding ? I 'm as serious as Mao-Tse Tung 's heart attack . No ! Is there any chance you might be pregnant ? Only with anticipation of what you 'll do with that tubey gizmo thing . Seriously , Dubbie , no chance ? - I 'm pretty sure ... - Pretty sure 's not sure . You want me to go into the stark and ? details of my post-Ben dry spell where the only things I see when I meet a guy are the 428 pressure points that incapacitate him ? Oy gevalt ! I am seriously considering changing my stance on capital punishment . - Really ? - No . I star-69'd that second HEYDAR . I 've got an address . Whoever did this , I want payback . Dr. Elliot Marshall , Henry Jones University . Professor of theoretical physics . Think about it , Bubbie . In the exact same day we 're looking for someone punching holes in space , an unlicensed HEYDAR , a device only Middlemen are supposed to have , hacks into our system . Coincidence ? I don 't think so . It 's Lacey . You mind if I get this ? Bill of Rights says OK . - Hey , roomie . - Hey , Wendy Watson . Noser and I are at the screen printers . I have the idea to print protest T-shirts for everyone to wear at Pip 's opening tomorrow night . Can you say public humiliation ? - Guys , stop . - Why ? Lace , you don 't have to turn everything into a piece of confrontational art . Is this a situational thing , or you asking me to rethink my entire life ? I just want you to let me handle this . My own way . Please ? Pretty please ? Look , I gotta let you go . My boss is giving me an inordinately weird look . What 's with the inordinately weird look ? Nothing . It 's just this Pip situation really steams my clams . I 'm no advocate of reckless strong-arm tactics and physical coercion . but remember , Dubbie , people , people like myself , people who are trained , can do things , things that hurt . That 's fascinating . Turn here . Steel yourself . These mad scientist types can be tough nuts to crack . Anti-establishment weirdoes , all of them . If I have to give them a taste of the hard candy , avert your eyes . Or watch . See what I can do . Hi . Can I help you ? - Dr. Elliot Marshall ? - Yes . Agents Brody and Forrestal of the Federal Unified Atomic Regulatory Commission . Central 's tracked a power spike to this house . We have reason to believe it 's due to the activity of an unlicensed HEYDAR . Really ? Wow . Am I under arrest ? Depends on your level of cooperation . I 'd love to cooperate . Come in , I 'll show you my lab . Come on . So HEYDAR is the one that looks like ... Silver ball that gives us answers to things . Silver ball , yeah . Exactly . Doctor , would you please identify this device for me ? Of course , yes . Uh , that is ... It 's kind of complicated . Uh ... Dad ! If you 'll excuse me just a sec . My daughter , Cindy . These nano-circuits are far beyond the most sophisticated man-made tech I 've seen . Think that 's our warp hole puncher ? I don 't know . But it seems to be missing a power source . This is darn fishy . Really ? What ? That Dr. Nimrod , Ph. D. has all this high tech in here , but can 't tell his HEYDAR from his elbow ? Or that he 's supposed to be a dangerous anti-establishment type , but he let us flash a badge and waltz into his top secret super lab ? Actually , I was referring to the height of these lab tables . They 're , uh , kind of low , aren 't they ? Your goose is cooked , baby . I 'm free , once and for all , I 'm ... Aah ! Really low lab tables . Who are you ? And what do you want with that black box ? Gosh darn ... idiots ! See you in hell ! ... Dubbie , that is one fast Huffy . I 've never seen she behaves that way . Did she ever mention building a machine capable of punching holes in the fabric of space ? I know it must be hard to accept your child 's capable of such menace ... She 's not really my daughter . That repugnant little moppet landed on my doorstep one day with fake adoption papers and a promise . If I did as she said , she 'd get me tenure at the university . What did she have you do ? Our lab equipment is all physics department property . Tenure was just a lie she used to get me to steal it . She blackmailed me for stealing it . I want out . Then tell us . The black box , what does it do ? I don 't know . All she 'd tell me is it 's next to useless without the right battery . That 's all you know about it ? That 's practically all I know about her . Cindy 's been here for a year , but only two things stood out . - This lab ... - And ? Varsity Fanclub ? Varsity Fanclub . The world 's most popular boy-band . If you 're a fan , just kill me now . I 'm a country man . Jimmie Rogers , the Carter family , Hank . But I 've always been fascinated by the ability of preassembled sets of submasculine archetypes to tug at the heartstrings of a 12-to-17-year-old fan base . Funny . I 've always been fascinated by their ability to bring up my lunch . I think Cindy 'd take issue with that . If we 're gonna figure her out , we have to figure them out . You have Jayk , the crooner . Thomas , the heartthrob . Bobby , the street tough . Drew , the charmer . And the requisite man of mystery , David . Is Drew a guy or ... ? Why do you think David needs a cane ? - Crazy , isn 't it ? - It 's no joke , Dubbie . Jayk , Bobby , Thomas , Drew and David have themselves one seriously depraved fan , a 14-year-old warp hole punching menace with a profoundly mysterious little black box . Hey . Despite my better judgment , I ran another HEYDAR scan . Way to climb back on the horse , Ida . Helps to be devoid of human weakness . Now get a load of these hot tamales . No power source yet , but I found five more warp holes , each incrementally smaller than the duck-sucker you saw this morning . The smallest one is barely the size of Wendy 's brain . Get it ? 'Cause it 's small . So it seems the holes are growing larger . Maybe she 's trying out batteries . - Where are they ? - Oh , all over tarnation . Newark , Toledo , Albany ... Kalamazoo and Cleveland . That 's right . How 'd you know that ? Varsity Fanclub 's tour map . The warp holes open up at each of the stops on their tour . Solid sleuthing , inspector . Where are they playing tonight ? Metro Theater , here in town . Varsity Fanclub should be performing a sound check as we speak . Now , let 's try to get there before that little girl sucks the band through a hole . In space . - Lace ? - We were right about - that whole Pip thing . - You were ? Yeah . Why do I have to turn everything into a performance piece ? This is a legal issue , not an aesthetic one . OK . Which is why we hired a lawyer . You did what ? It 's our good friend Joe 90 . Joe 90 ? That guy from 5A who makes those creepy phallic sculptures ? And you 're on speakerphone . Not only is Joe 90 a talented artist , but , also , he 's a law student . - Former . - Former law student , who thinks you might totally , possibly , have a case against Pip , maybe . Absolutely . If you have any way to prove when you began painting your works , we could file a an injunction . Will you put me on un-speakerphone ? Lacey , please , I know you guys love me but a half-baked , genitally-preoccupied law student isn 't gonna do me any good . Tell me you have a plan , Dub-Dub . Tell me there 's some hellaciously Byzantine revenge strategy at work that you can 't tell me about . You gotta stop , OK ? I promise you , everything 's gonna work out the best . Isn 't that enough ? I didn 't hear the words " hellaciously Byzantine " or " revenge , " but it 'll have to be . I could tie him to a chair . Just sayin ' . The rest takes care of itself . * I gotta get it from your love baby * * Scream , girl Scream your love for real * * Let 's tell the whole world so they can know how I feel * - * Scream , girl ... * - Cut it ! David , if you can 't get this right by showtime , we 're gonna be a four-member band , got it ? OK . Sorry , it 's the biggest show of the tour tonight . Security tells me you 're from ... TLI . Threat Liquidators Incorporated . We 're a boutique security firm specializing in high-risk celebrity clients . - Haven 't heard of you . - We keep a low profile , but I assure you we work with the best and most threatened names in the business . I can 't break confidentiality , but I will say a certain metal band with a singer predisposed to shout " Ya-yee , yeah , yeah " is on our list . And you think Varsity Fanclub needs protection ? Sir , during a routine monitor of fan chatter on the various inter - , intra - , sub - and extra-nets , we came across a threat warranting your notification . What 's going on here , Jack ? This dude thinks we 're in danger . Meet Cindy Marshall , classic threat level three . We 'd like to manage your security free of charge . Or , for maximum security , aid you in canceling your show entirely . - Whoa , whoa , no . - Hey , go get the books . Look , we dig you coming down here to warn us . Yeah , guys . This Cindy is not the first fan a few sandwiches shy . There 's not a single girl in here who hasn 't threatened to kill us , kill for us , maim us , or maim someone for us . What 's this one ? It 's parents of the girls we slept with . David didn 't always have that cane . Ah . So thanks , man , but we 're cool . We got tip-top security . And as they say , the show must ... - * Go on * - * On * Excuse me . Ida , you have an update ? Yeah , I 'm buying Wilderness Girl cookies . You like Skinny Mints , right ? Uh , Bora Boras , actually . I find the mix of caramel and conut tasty and refreshing . Is this some sort of esoteric joke , or do you have an update ? No ! I 'm back at the ranch with an adorable Wilderness Girl buying cookies . You know how much I love adorable little girls , 'cause I love little girls so much . Ida , can you contain her until ... Ida ? Cindy 's at Jolly Fats . We clear every room . Chutes and Ladders . She ripped out Ida 's battery . Is she dead ? She 's an android , Dubbie . The words life and death have zero relevance to her condition at any point of time . Well , looks like Cindy gave us the slip . So what now ? Now ? I 'd suggest you avert your eyes . Why ? Concussive stun field generator . Yeah . She 's pretty cute for an alien . Are you sure ? Only thing that makes sense , given her know-how and abilities and how handily she dispatched Ida to get to her battery . I 'd never thought I 'd say it , but I 'm gonna miss the walking , talking , insulting version . And you , don 't think you can come in here with those big sad eyes and get a promotion off of this . The HEYDAR tells me , now powered with Ida 's battery , this black box generates particle waves with the exact opposite polarity of those recorded within the warp hole 's event horizon . Dubbie , this isn 't the warp hole generator . This is a reverse switch for the warp hole generator . So the Ida-killing obsessed fan is a good guy now ? If I rob a bank and close the vault behind me , am I a good guy ? If this box is ever activated , Ida 's battery will be depleted . So how do we get the little delinquent to talk ? Cindy , I won 't mince words . You 're in a real tight spot . You 're a mysterious alien , using alien technology , in a world you didn 't make . That means no trial , no clemency . I 'll offer but one chance to save yourself . Who are you , where is the warp hole generator , and what does this have to do with Varsity Fanclub ? Don 't bother , kid . Those cuffs have more tech in ' em than ten of your little science labs . Your dark side powers are useless here . I 'll begin again . - Who are you ? - My name is Quithaalian Rii . My rank is Commander Mark Two , and my service number is X700-3T-Epsilon-5 . Sorry . Name , rank , and serial number won 't cut it with me . What 's your business here on Earth ? Come on , commander ! There 's no sense holding back now . My name is ... My rank is ... mark two , and my service number is X700 ... , you slimy ... before I shove a boot up your ... ! Wait a minute . Say that again . ... sucking ... smacking ... ... munching Yank ! No , no , the serial number ... Never mind . I 've got it . Ida , run a search on the ... Let 's see what ESDI has to say about our uninvited houseguest . ESDI ? Extraterrestrial Serial Data Index . Cindy here is a soldier from the war-torn Clothar galaxy . A rebel soldier , by the looks of her serial number . - A rebel soldier ? - Yes . According to ESDI , rebel forces fought against the Pentharcs of Clothar , five nefarious oligarchs , who held the galaxy in the thrall of oppression . OK , so Cindy isn 't just an alien masquerading as a 14-year-old girl , she 's a rebel alien soldier sent to Earth to close warp holes ? Even ESDI has limits . Either way , the implications of a member of her species on Earth ... With access to warp hole technology are gravely unsettling . Jeez , Elroy , what do you want ? I am High Aldwin , supreme commander of the Clotharian Rebel Fleet . It 's a message beamed to us from billions of miles away . This is a message beamed to you from billions of miles away . By executive decree 24 , five , 17 , eight , 93 , 55 ... two , 39 , three . You are hereby ordered to release Special Forces Agent , earth name Cindy Marshall , with her instrument to complete her most vital mission . With all due respect , I invoke the Scrolls of Xanthor and demand an explanation of Cindy 's mission . The Scrolls of Xanthor ? Your acumen with Clotharian law is impressive . - Yeah , seriously . - Very well . Five years ago the Pentharcs of Clothar were captured and sentenced to exile to your pathetic planet where they would live out their days in disgrace , or so we thought . The Pentharcs ' plan for escape is sheer elegance in its simplicity . They formed the boy-band , Varsity Fanclub . The boy-band Varsity Fanclub is actually five intergalactic dictators ? And through a rigorous schedule of promotion and touring , amassed a fortune atop your popular music charts , so they might build a device capable of warping them back to Clothar Five . That truly is sheer elegance in its simplicity . So now you see why Cindy must be allowed to complete her mission . But the battery powering her little black box ... Silence ! Once activated , the black box will emit a disturbance wave , reversing the warp hole generator , and unleashing an explosive shock wave to vaporize the Pentharcs once and for all . Nice and neat . However , if you do not obey , should you interfere with the completion of Cindy 's mission , the entire Clotharian Rebel Fleet shall open a warp hole to your world ... and finish off your planet without mercy . Tell me you 're not walking with purpose to release Cindy . I am walking with purpose to release Cindy . Are you sniffing glue ? We 're just supposed to blindly follow the orders of some intergalactic Monty Python wannabe ? If they sent those five psychos to Earth this is their problem , not ours . - Why should we ... ? - No choice . If we stop Cindy from using her black box to close those warp holes , the entire world pays the price . She 'll use that black box and kill Ida . - That she will . - Ida 's your friend . Ida doesn 't deserve to go out like this , and you know it . Are you trying to make this harder on me than it already is ? Sometimes you have to take one on the chin , Dubbie . Based on what I 've seen of you today you know that better than you let on . The eyes of your paintings are on you , Wendy Watson . Oh , good Lord , Lace . Do you hear their cries ? They cry for justice , for you to step up and ... Pip 's blackmailing me . He is ? - With what ? - Eviction . Eviction ? I can 't swing the rent on this place alone . He might as well evict us both . Oh , he will . You , me , Noser . Half the building , if I interfere with his show . We 'll just have to explain to everybody , and if it comes down to it ... Lacey , no . Yes , Dub-Dub . And , if it comes down to it , we 're just gonna have to move out . Move where ? We can barely afford our illegal sublet . It doesn 't matter . What matters is your art . Hey , this place is just a unrealistically affordable yet fantastically large loft . But it isn 't . If we get kicked out , you 'll move back home ; and Noser will go live with his parents in Monaco . And Joe 90 will probably move into one of those weird utopian co-ops where everyone 's naked all the time . All of our art gang shenanigans will be over . No more Art Crawl , Cable Fridays , Thursday night drunk , Name That Stanza , Stump the Band , all gone . * I am just mumbling * * Let the words hang in the air ... * Why didn 't you just tell ? I guess I just thought , you know , this is my cross to bear . It hurts , Lace , but , you know what ? A few paintings or my awesomely bizarre family ? Sometimes you just gotta take one on the chin . No , Dub-Dub . I 'm sorry . I can 't believe that . And I don 't think you do , either . * It 's tonight I 'm going back to where we both belong ... * Hello , young lady . Welcome to the Jolly Fats Wehawkin Employment Agency . So now we have to run the front too ? I don 't know . A Middleman 's never been without Ida before . Lots of stuff for us to do now , like , uh , paperwork . Interrodroid 4000 is all thumbs with the stuff . Ida loved paperwork . Yeah , Ida loved a lot of things . Like belittling my every accomplishment . - Mmm . - Calling me a drug addict . Threatening me with physical harm . Well , she was a pistol . You know , we may have agreed not to interfere with Cindy , but that doesn 't mean we can 't console our grief by going to see Varsity Fanclub in concert . Hmm . And , perhaps , should we stumble on the device they 're using to punch their hole in space , destroy it before Cindy gets a chance to use her black box . Your tickets are totally better than mine . Sometimes it 's good to be the Middleman . Come on , Dubbie , let 's lay down tracks . * Girl , I 've got some things to say * * Sit down Put your phone away * * Don 't let the interruptions ... * You see Cindy ? Keep your peepers peeled . * You 're trying to cut me off , baby * Hi . I 'm , like , the world 's biggest fan and I 'm collecting signatures from all of Varsity Fanclub 's crew . Could you sign my shirt ? Sure . You know , I don 't get these guys . We 've got five Great Gazoos who want to go home and unleash their doomsday device . What else is there to know ? This seems like a pretty cush gig . Look at the stage . Whole thing 's an applause meter . Hawks of the Luftwaffe ! That 's it , you cracked it . That fancy applause meter isn 't just decoration , it 's a scream harvester . Scream harvester ? In layman 's terms , a giant battery . Well , if that 's the battery , where 's the warp hole generator ? That 's just it , Dubbie . The entire stage is the warp hole generator . Don 't you see ? That 's why Ida couldn 't locate a power source with the HEYDAR . Only tweenage screams of ecstasy have the strength to cut a hole in space itself . How could I not see it before ? Uh , because it 's completely insane ? So insane it just might work . That scream-o-meter is getting pretty high . Look above the stage . And that would be a warp hole . Lightning round , Dubbie . Our irascible teen alien 's going to activate that black box any moment . If there 's any chance to save Ida we 've got to find Cindy and find her now . Head to the backstage entrance . You know the drill . I 'm Sgt. Ravenwood , you 're Sgt. Jones . - You do the talking . - Yep . * I never forget You got me goin ' in circles ... * Pull out a lash and blow on it , Dubbie . It 's gonna be a nail-biter . Tread careful . This stinks of Cindy . Everybody , it 's time to scream your love for me . Let 's rock ! One , two , three ... * * * Scream your love for me * * If you want more , baby * * You 're gonna have to scream Scream your love * - Trail ends here . Now what ? - I 'm not sure . There 's something tugging at me . That would be me , you stupid ... Cindy ! She 's been shot . Damn right I have . Right in the old breadbasket . Cindy , listen to me ... It 's the black box . Gimme ! * Scream it ! * * Feelin ' your strength makes me feel all whole * - * Scream , girl * - Come on ! Gotta be another way . The warp hole generator 's just a machine with vulnerabilities . Your weapons are useless . I 'd have used them if I could . That box is the only thing that can seal the hole and kill those maggot-eating ... * Scream , girl * * All your love could never cause a strain * You want to know the real bitch of it ? I was two weeks from retirement . Cindy . Cindy ! * Scream , girl Scream your love for me * * You gotta give me some of your lovin ' * Wait . There has to be another way . There 's no time . * If you will scream , girl ... * - What about Ida ? - We tried , Dubbie . At least we gave her that . * So let 's scream * I can 't believe it . Ida 's battery 's really dead . We 've lost her . But we 've saved the world as we know it . Come on , cowgirl . Better saddle up before the fuzz gets here . I really like to think I 'm beyond influences . Now , is it too much to say at this point I 'm influencing myself ? This is very much the opposite of cool . Hello , ladies , Noser . I 've got an interview , but I 'm so glad you came . Uh , pretty sure at this point you can drop the act . Act ? You 've defeated unknown Wendy Watson , who was never even competing with you . Enjoy your success . I 'll be here , hanging with the friends you 've lost . I won 't be hanging . When you do that interview , and you see my eyes , you 'll see a mirror staring back . And you will be moved by truth and shame and whatever good is still left in you to renounce your sins . Yeah . Or not . You know you could never wash that cheek . What 's Sexy Boss Man doing here ? Hey , what are you doing here ? Uh , settling a score . You might not want to be here a moment from now . Are you gonna kill him ? Only his painting career . Ma 'am . The way I see it , I was brought into this world against my will ... I mean , because I would have chosen to have actual talent instead of doing what I did , which was to steal Wendy Watson 's art . Excuse me ? I 'm sorry . Uh , what I meant to say was I snuck into Wendy Watson 's apartment and digitally photographed her paintings so as to copy them . Lord , what 's happening to me ? I can 't stop . - Oh , my God . - My gaze . It 's working ! I am a talentless hack . I know that . Everyone knows . Why pretend ? I stole her paintings . I stole them all . Clap for the real artist . To Wendy Watson ! Their eyes . I can 't escape their eyes . - You set off a truth bomb ? - Yep . I thought we weren 't supposed to use Middlegear to solve personal problems . Well , there 's personal , Dubbie , and then there 's personal . Wait . You 're not immune to the truth bomb , are you ? No , I am not . So , if I asked you a question , you 'd have to answer it ? That I would . What 's your name ? My name is the same as my father 's . Take care , Miss Watson . Drive safely . I don 't even like art . I 'm just here for the babes . That 's nothing . I 'm a critic and I 'm colorblind . I 've taken the bar 16 times . I can 't believe my words actually got through to Pip . To confrontation . Guess he 's gonna have a lot of checks to return , huh ? Yeah , when they find him . It shouldn 't be too hard . Last thing I heard he was running down the street screaming , " Their eyes , their eyes ! " You comin ' ? Something tells me we 're in for a microbrew-fueled round or two of Name That Stanza . There 's something quick I gotta do , but don 't start the Beat poets round without me . Ginsberg 's ass is mine . Nice bugle . Oh . Thank you . It was my father 's . You know , I didn 't have a chance to thank you at the gallery . And I just ... An artist should never have to hide her work , Dubbie . You are living a double double life . In my humble opinion , that 's one double life too many . That 's why you stopped by ? To thank me ? Guess I just wanted to say goodbye . You know ... The idea that her sacrifice 'd lead to peace and prosperity for hundreds and billions of aliens , not to mention save Earth itself , think it would have really ticked her off . That 's a good one . Now , if you 'd both please excuse me , I 'd really appreciate a moment to mourn alone . I 'll see you tomorrow . Hey ! Finish rolling that spliff and get me out of here , you dope fiend . Ida ? Is that really you ? You bet your Bosco it 's really me . I 'm back ! What is this , recess ? Let 's get our world saving on .
