 Excuse me , ma 'am , but I 'm going to have to ask you to move aside . - The human . - This weird temp agency called . The Jolly Fats Weehauken Temp Agency ? Is this the part I ask you who the hell you are and what the hell you do ? You know how in comic books there 's all kinds of mad scientists , aliens and androids and monsters and all of them want to either destroy or take over the world ? - In comic books , sure . - It really does work like that . Don 't you want to fight evil ? Monsters , robots and aliens ? - Yeah , why not ? - Dub-Dub , who 's your boyfriend ? He 's not my boyfriend . He 's my boss . - Lacey Thornfield . Charmed . - Delighted , ma 'am . - I 'm a conceptual artist . - Some have said that about me , too . I heard you take care of exotic problems . I 'm just the middleman . No one is more firmly rooted on the side of justice than I am . You might find this hard to believe , but I too fight for the truth and preservation of American values in a concerned citizen kind of way . I 'm just sayin ' , one crime-hating gal to another . Can 't we just make these charges disappear ? Your roommate was arrested for indecent exposure - in a sushi restaurant . - As a form of protest . It was like a free speech thing , with skin . Oh , come on . Indecent exposure is a misdemeanor . Her third one in the past six months . Yo , Wendy Watson , I 'm double parked . Have you got the goods yet ? I don 't know . Have I got the goods yet ? Just sign . I 'm releasing her to your care . That makes you responsible . - You won 't regret this . - Huh , you might . Hey , guys ! Did you miss me ? - The sushi eaters hear you roar ? - They certainly know I am woman . Right on . Thanks for springing me , Dub-Dub . Hey , why is there no hugging back ? There 's hugging back . It 's just accompanied by exhaustion . And confusion . Indecent exposure at a sushi restaurant ? Yep . Mercury in tuna kills humans and sushi eaters kill fish , so no matter where you serve it , how you serve it , spicy tuna kills . Now connect the dots to public nudity . Girl 's got to fight the power . Girl 's gotta remember she 's not 18 anymore . This isn 't the campus police . I spent a couple of hours in the slammer . Yeah , I dragged myself out of bed to talk your way out . Wendy , I 'm a confrontational ... Spoken word performance artist . I know . I don 't complain when you stay up late to paint . Yeah , because when I paint , you don 't have to grease the cops . Maybe you should find a better way to make a statement than these pointless pranks . Pointless ? You have no idea what it takes to save the world , Wendy Watson . - Too harsh ? - Yeah . Capture : xxy Sync : FRS @ iMeow The Middleman Season 1 , Ep 2 Find what you 're looking for ? If I needed to kill a man by scrambling his molecular structure , yes , but since what I really want is a cup of coffee ... Hey ! Bloodshot eyes , fatigue , crankiness . Someone spent all night sucking on a spliff . No . Somebody was up late bailing your roomie out of the slammer . If that somebody was you , then that makes Lacey the roommate in question . Gosh , Sparky , did your fancy computer tell you that ? - Is she OK ? - I don 't know . I wish I thought to ask . Instead I just launched on some tirade about responsibility and growing up . And if we 're gonna get into this , I really need a double black-eye . Caffeine is a drug , Dubbie . I 'm holding the molecular stun cannon . Ida . Sweet . Can that thing do a muffin ? Oh , don 't push your luck , junkie . I like watching you get the shakes . Lacey was just doing her protest thing . Her heart 's in the right place , just ... I wanted to be supportive . But when I opened my mouth , my mom came out . No , seriously . I might have even said to buy a nice bag , high heels , a push-up bra and get herself a man . - She 's from Miami . - Ah . You 'll make it up to her . Not unless we have some alien weapon that shoots the mercury off fish . I was thinking more of a sparkly card or a makeover . Or we could use our computers to hack into the police mainframe and erase her permanent record . Katie-bar-the-door , Dubbie . We do not use our resources to solve personal issues . Oh , come on . I bet Ida 's just a doubleclick away from making her permanent record go bye-bye . I 'm a doubleclick away from making something go bye-bye . Oh , come on , why not ? Our mandate is to protect the people from threats infra , extra , and juxta-terrestrial , not to become consumed with the mundane problems of everyday life . Just this one time ? You let yourself become distracted , next thing you know a geological rift opens and the city 's overrun by three-toed hominids who battled man for dominance while you 've got your tighty-whiteys around your ankles . That happened to you , didn 't it ? Hey ! Anybody want to get to work here ? 'Cause we got hot donuts now . Maybe you should sit this one out . What ? Why ? Underslept . Overcaffeinated . Distracted . I 'm as serious as a Hefty bag full of rottweilers . A Middleman must remain focused at all times . I said I 'm good . Apparently there 's been a mudslide . What 's so weird about that ? Inside a Chinese restaurant . I 'm sorry , but this is a sealed area . - We 're waiting for the coroner . - The coroner ? Oh . I 'm Dr. Kynes , this is Dr. Rabban from the Ecological Task Force . We think global warming is to blame . Al Gore just ain 't whistling Dixie . No , sir , he isn 't . - Were there any witnesses ? - Uh , just a busboy , he 's in the back . Why don 't you go get him while we investigate the site ? OK . So , when do I get one of those ? Try using your eyes . See anything ? Aside from the half-buried corpse ? Focus , Dubbie . Don 't let the ' feine deaden your senses . The ' feine ? Well , I see nothing . Which is something because there should be a statue of a terra cotta warrior on this pedestal . Good . Make a note . I need Ida to tap CHAD for any information on our warrior . - CHAD ? - Chinese Historical Art Database . Or I could tell you that our statue is a general in the terra cotta army commissioned by the emperor of the Qin Dynasty and buried with him in 209 BC . Color me impressed . Color me focused . I heard an awful sound , so I ran out from the kitchen and a huge wall of mud just came out of nowhere , overrunning everything in the place . And that 's your boss ? Mr. Hsu . What can you tell us about him ? He was your typical small business owner . Driven , hard-working , freakish obsession with that warrior statue . - Can you expand on that ? - Long hours . Impeccable work ethic . I think it 's a cultural thing . I meant the freakish obsession . Oh . Well , he mortgaged the place to bring the terra cotta warrior over from China . Then he spent all hours of the night burning candles - and chanting in Mandarin . - What did he say ? Dude , I 'm like third generation twice-removed . I don 't speak a lick of Chinese , but it sounded like " Rise , be flesh , and walk the Earth . " Could global warming make that happen ? - Yes . - Yes . What are your thoughts on how to handle this ? Are you quizzing me because you think I 'm not focused ? I 'm quizzing you because I have no thoughts on how to handle this . You 're at a loss ? That 's a new one . You might find what I 'm about to tell you shocking , given my knowledge of aliens , monsters and androids , but I do have one area of weakness . - Brevity ? - Magic . The supernatural . The dark arts . Things that go bump . Anathema . We 'll need to consult someone . - Who ? - Our consultant , of course . You are off today . Hate it , hate it , hate it . It 's a disaster of unmitigated proportions . They look like the " Addicted to Love " girls . Roxy , this was your concept . It stinks ! All right , boss , we 'll tear it down . The devil actually does wear Prada . That 's no devil . That 's a succubus . You , get over to the hair , now ! To the models . You stay here with Trevor because certainly he is incompetent . Should I kill it ? Stay your weapon , Dubbie . Roxy Wasserman is completely reformed . Opened this place as a halfway house for other reformed succubi . Gives them a chance to get out of the killing field and onto their feet . This place is a halfway house for soul-sucking demons who sneak up on defenseless men and seduce them in their sleep ? It 's also a halfway house for soul-sucking demons who sneak up on defenseless women and seduce them in their sleep . MM , darling , give me kisses . We 're in a pantload of trouble , Rox . I see . It looks like you 're wearing Hitler 's smoking jacket and it looks even worse on a girl . I know ! We didn 't come for the fashion advice . We 're in need of supernatural consultation . My normal fee ? Step into my office . A Chinese warrior , you say . Trevor ! I 'm going to guess it was a terra cotta warrior . Buried with the emperor of the Qin Dynasty in 209 . We already got that from the placemat . If you knew anything at all you wouldn 't be standing in my office . You 'd be running for the hills . Trevor , come in and meet our guests . Watch your mouth with this one . Trevor here is just barely reformed . You know Trevor used to sneak up on poor , unsuspecting women in their sleep and do unspeakable things to them with his cold , icy ... Hands . Thank you . What can I do for you , Roxy ? They have an Earth Elemental on their hands . Mmm , nasty . Start gathering the items listed on page 47 . An Earth Elemental ? Spirit that draws its power from living earth . Can manipulate or control anything made of earth . Hence your mudslide inside a restaurant . So he 's like the Magneto of mud ? Grapes of wrath , Dubbie . Do you have any idea how much of the earth is made up of ... earth ? Himself included . He can take any form as long as it 's made of earth . And hide anywhere . Gobsmack it , this is why I hate magic . Oh , don 't make such a fuss . Water beats earth , MM. I 'll make you a vial of aquatic banishment . You throw it at him and poof ! No more warrior . But the recipe is delicate . I will need some time . So we just hang out here ? No . You must stop the warrior from completing its mission . Which is ? Legend says the terra cotta warriors were created to have a fanatical devotion to the emperor . They believed the world would end with the death of their liege . If this one truly walks the earth , he will make it his mission to find the last living heir to the Qin Dynasty and take him to the land of the dead . That 's it ? Well , that doesn 't sound so scary . And release a hail of fire that will rain down on Earth for a thousand years . We get to your place , go inside and pack a bag . I 'll wait outside . Why do I need to pack a bag ? - OH . Look over there . - What ? Those are your State Department - recommended inoculations for China . A healthy dose of distraction would help the medicine go down . We 're going to China ? As soon as Ida gives us the coordinates for the heir . Let 's hope it takes Mudman a good amount of time to figure out transcontinental travel and passport control . Why can 't the Chinese Middleman just take over the case ? Don 't be ridiculous . China is a Communist country . A hero would be reduced to the level of the common man . I 'm the only Middleman , and you 're the only ... - Sidekick ? - Right . Just you and me against all the bad things out there . That 's all that separates the planet from a thousand years of fire . I hear you . And keep an eye on yourself . The vaccinations may cause drowsiness , paranoia , and atypically vivid daydreams . - Yo , Wendy Watson . - Hey , Noser . What are you gonna do with the light fandango ? Not gonna let it distract me from saving the world . Wanna do cartwheels 'cross the floor ? Nope , I 'm a guided missile of purpose . That truth is plain to see . Oh , hang on . She just walked in . It 's your mom . And she agrees that tuna kills . Mom , hey . Can I call you later ? Yes , mother . It is shocking how much mercury is in fish . You 're right . It 's very important to get the message out . Know where my puffy coat is ? I borrowed it . Yes , I know I was cranky . Did she tell you that I bailed her out at 3 : 00 AM ? I 'm still in the room . After the longest day at work ever . What 's with the repo , man ? I 'm going out of town for a few days . Hey , Mom . I gotta go . I 'm doing a job for Roxy Wasserman . And I sorta owe Lacey an apology for last night so ... OK , love you too . Are you serious ? Yeah . I was really tired last night and ... I probably should 've been a little more patient ... I mean about working for Roxy Wasserman . Roxy Wasserman is single-handedly keeping fur in style . Do you have any idea how many animals die to make her clothes ? I 've got a good mind to march down there right now and spray the place with fake blood . Lacey , no . Famouse is not the sort of place where you want to commit a felony . Roxy Wasserman takes fashion seriously , really seriously . And I take animals seriously . really seriously . Please don 't go down there . That place , it 's ... it 's not human . At least we agree on that . I don 't know how else to say this . Just don 't . I work with Roxy ... Relax , Captain Day Job . I won 't tell anyone we 're friends . I won 't call you from jail either . That 's not what I mean , Lacey . Wait . Do you guys know where the furs are ? Hate it , hate it so much I want to gouge my eyes out , hate it so much I want to gouge you eyes out . Oh , good lord ! I ask for modern . I ask for hip and what do I get ? What exactly is this ? It 's like somebody 's nightmare . My label goes on these rags , people . Tell me how to fix it ! How about a fur coat ? Who said that ? What is your name ? Um ... Uh ... Lacey Thornfield . " Um ... Uh ... Lacey Thornfield . " You 're adorable . Now tell me , do I look like Margaret Thatcher ? A fur coat at a summer shoot ? Shut your eyes ! Shut them ! Ignore every stupid thought of conformity in that tiny little brain of yours and I want you to visualize like as if your life depends on your ability to accessorize . Don 't think ! Imagine . Pink tulle fairy skirt with rhinestone embellished gold lam waist belt and matching unicorn headdress ? What did you say ? - I 'm not sure , ma 'am . - Brilliant ! Absolutely transcendent . You 're like Karl Lagerfeld with breasts . You heard her , people . Fairy Skirt and headdress ! Go ! Go ! Lacey Thornfield , you just landed yourself a new job as my assistant . But you already have an assistant . Betty , you 're fired ! Stand by me , darling . Not too close . Back up . Yes . More horsey , more horsey . And tighter , tighter horsey . There we are . Come on , Lacey . Pick up . Pick up . - Pick up ! - Turn that thing off . There 's no way my cell phone interferes with that thing 's frequency . I 'm talking about your mouth . Lay off , Threepio . I 've got a serious problem here . We are in the middle of an operation . How close are we ? I 'm just finishing the STORC search . Sperm Tracker Operations and Reconnaissance Commander . I 'll have a location for you in 40 seconds . Dubbie , you have 40 seconds to talk this out . Go . Uh , well , well , Lacey 's been mad at me before , but she 's never ignored my calls . I thought you solved your female problems . I don 't think female problems means what you think it means , but no . Now , it 's even worse . Because of me , Lacey went to Famouse to sling fake blood at the fur line . You have to admire her enthusiasm . It 's not a joke . She could get arrested . Again . Or worse . Those succubi are completely reformed . As for the arresting , she 's an adult . She 'll handle it . She 's like half an adult . Hey ! I 've got an heir lock . You need to trust Lacey . Let me just try her one more time . And right now , I need to trust you . His name 's Duncan . The name of the heir to the Qin Dynasty is ... Duncan ? So where 's the next Emperor to China ? " Strengthen your brain " What is the heir to the Qin Dynasty doing in a school in the suburbs ? Physical education by the looks of his schedule . Can 't believe you gave me that shot for nothing . You 're not experiencing side effects , are you ? - Drowsiness ? ? Vivid daydreams ? - Annoyance ? Let 's go find his majesty before that Terracotta Warrior shows up . That mud-molding demon could be anywhere . ... fifty daffodils to Shaddam at the House of Corrino and , oh , and I have people working on a water elemental . Is that a fashion thing ? Do I pay you to ask questions ? You 're supposed to get a drop of water from each of the seven seas and a hair from a water buffalo . I want you to go down there and find out how far they 've come . I already have the sea water and hair of water buffalo . Hair of water buffalo ? What kind of design is this ? One that will prevent fire from raining on earth for a thousand years . Someone thinks a little too highly of her job . So all that remains is 30 bottles of Tahiti Water . That 's yours , Lacey . Tahiti Water ? That stuff is terrible for the environment . It 's the only water in the world with the mineral content I need . Don 't you care about your carbon footprint ? Is it anything like the footprint I 'm going to leave on your young , arrogant derriere if you don 't do exactly as I say ? Why is she so mean ? See the way she looked at me ? I thought she was gonna kill me . I doubt it . Roxy hasn 't killed since the early 80s . - I 'm Lacey . - Trevor . You 're different than the assistants Roxy usually hires . It 's ' Cause I have a soul . - Really ? - Shocking . I know . I want this job for one reason . I want to see where they keep the furs . You like fur ? I have a thing for fur . Make Roxy Wasserman happy and you might just get your wish . Keep a watchful eye for our Warrior . Yes . Because he can control the very earth with his mind , and there 's earth everywhere on the Earth , I get it . You underestimate the enemy at our peril . We 're in a public school , there 's no earth here , just blacktop . Which one looks like the heir to a royal dynasty from the far east ? Allow me . Red rover , red rover , send Duncan right over ! He 's the heir to the Qin Dynasty ? Hands Across America , that 's unexpected . Terracotta roof ! OK , MM , I defer to you on this one ' cause I got nothing . Duck and cover , Dubbie . Roxy said only the Vial of Aquatic Banishment can kill this dude ! You may want to come with us . There are just way too many copies of Terminator out there . OK , Let 's go ! Son , We don 't have a lot of time . I must be blunt . That warrior wants to serve you up as a ritualistic sacrifice to the underworld because you 're the heir to the Qin Dynasty . We 'll either be destroying the Warrior with a supernatural weapon or delivering you to an international safehouse where you 'll assume a new identity . How are you with foreign languages ? - That 's our supernatural consultant . Excuse me . Roxy ? It 's The Middleman . In a bit of a sticky widget so let me get right to it . Is he some kind of superhero ? - Something like that . - And what are you ? Ever hear of Robin the Boy Wonder ? Yeah . He sucks . So you didn 't know you 're the heir to the Qin Dynasty ? Roxy just finished the Vial of Aquatic Banishment . What 's your address ? Uh ... 1965 Caladan Lane . Are you smoking terracotta ? We can 't take him home . The Warrior will track him there . Elemental my dear Watson . Right into our trap . 1965 Caladan Lane , Roxy . And make it snappy . We can 't let the Warrior beat us there . What in the gosh darn heck ? Can you give me just one second ? Lacey , what are you doing here ? Aren 't you supposed to be in China ? We had a change of plans . I 've been trying to call you . Sorry . I 've been too busy to take personal calls . Roxy Wasserman hand picked me to be her personal assistant . Apparently I 'm Karl Lagerfield with breasts . She sent me here to deliver this bag . What ? But you despise Roxy Wasserman and everything she stands for . I thought you 'd be glad I got a job . You 're the one that told me to grow up . Hello , Lacey . Hi , Wendy 's boss . Apparently You have something for me . This is for you ? Ah , my toner , wonderful . You can never be too kind to your skin . It is , after all , the largest and most sensitive of the body 's organs . I got the Tahiti Water for it myself . Tahiti Water ? You have fundamental issues with bottled water . My skin thanks you kindly , Lacey . As do I. I hate to delay you any longer , Lacey . I 'm sure Ms. Wasserman must be eager to get you back at the office . Right . Job . Right . Bye bye , Wendy 's boss . They took her soul . - I told you , those succubi are completely ... - Her metaphorical soul . what is she doing working for a furmonger ? I guess this development is upsetting but I must remind you to ... Delay any emotional reaction until we 've safely delivered the Earth from peril . I got it without the lecture . I 'll grab the heir . You think our son is the heir to an ancient line of Chinese rulers ? And is currently being hunted by a military Zealot born of clay made flesh and bent on taking him to the Underworld , yes . There 's obviously been a huge mistake . That thing came after me , Dad . It would have killed me if this guy didn 't go T-2 on his ass . Don 't say " ass " in front of company . Say " ass " all you want , Duncan . Our company was just leaving . Honey , maybe we should listen to what they have to say . But this is insane . Isn 't it ? Jessica ? Duncan , you know how Mommy sometimes takes long international business trips ? Yeah . Well , sometimes Mommy gets lonely . And one time she drank a lot of plum wine during her trip to Shanghai . Oh , no she didn 't . Tell me she didn 't . Sometimes her husband forgets how to make her feel attractive . Now that we 've settled the boy 's lineage let 's move on to more pressing matters . The Boy Scouts called . they want their family counseling Merit Badge back . Would you excuse me ? Dad ? I 'm being hunted ! I am gonna need so much therapy . Hey . I know this Dad stuff is a lot to handle . Is that your job ? To talk me down ? Well , I understand where you 're coming from . My Dad disappeared when I was 14 . I don 't know if he abandoned me or if he 's dead . - That sucks . - Totally . But I get what it 's like to have a lot of questions about your Dad . I 'm gonna make sure you live to get yours answered . He 's just ordered us to give him the heir . I told him it 's not going to happen . Just throw it . Ashes to ashes and dirt to dirt . Shouldn 't he be melting or something ? It 'll be a cold day in hell before I destroy the Earth with bottled water . Like anyone 's gonna know the difference . I just had an atypically vivid daydream . Duncan ! Duncan ! Where 's our son ? Roxy Wasserman . MM , darling , how much do you love me ? Did you get a direct hit ? Did the Terracotta Warrior die magnificently ? What ? Where are you now ? On our way . We should be there in ... one minute 54 seconds , give or take . Garbage truck ! Seatbelt please . The life you save may be your own . Yes , Roxy , I 'm looking forward to seeing you too . OK , buh bye . " Buh bye ? " A boy taken from his parents and a thousand years of fire and that 's all you got ? I see no need to forgo simple courtesy , and it doesn 't seem to be raining fire yet . It just one of those rare times I 'm thankful the road to the underworld is long , burdensome . Does she know it 's Lacey 's fault ? Now is not the time to cast blame . It 's not even Lacey 's fault . It 's mine . For driving her into that den of fur , succubus , and anorexia . We can talk about it after we 've liberated the world from certain doom . - Stop doing that . - What ? " Don 't talk until the world is undoomed . " " You can 't cry until you 've reached the international safehouse . " " You have 40 seconds to save your friendship . " These rules exist for a reason . Why ? I don 't have time to explain right now . Everything 's under control , darlings . We 're whipping up a new Vial of Aquatic Banishment . It was all the fault of that vapid and useless new assistant of mine . Hey . That 's my roommate you 're talking about . Wait . Where is she ? Gone . Good . Wait . Gone where ? - You didn 't ... ? - She 's been dealt with . Define " dealt with . " Wendy . Roxy would never ... I said " define dealt with . " Your sidekicks 's got spunk , MM. Relax , sidekick . I fired her . See , everyone 's a winner . Shall we get to work ? The Warrior will take the old road to the underworld . It 's long and inefficient . Stupid ancients and their mistrust of modern technology . That means we still have time to cut him off on the road ? Yes . If you 're up for battling unspeakable horrors that no mortal has ever survived , then by all means , cut him off on the road . You should hold all questions until the end of the demonstration . The new route was created this century . It 's modern , comfortable , and most important ... direct . - Then that means ... - Yes . - Means what ? - You know the danger . - It has to be done . - What has to be done ? Your sidekick will be a hindrance . You must go alone . - Go where ? - I can 't go alone . Somebody has to hold the Vial of Aquatic Banishment . Oh . Yes . Your hands will be full with the Scythe . What Scythe ? The Scythe of Muadru . That 's the question you answer ? She can handle it . I have the utmost faith in her . - She 's like her roommate . - I take that as a compliment . - Vapid and useless . - Am not . See . There . It 's settled . - She 's going . - Going where ? ! All Succubi report to your stations . We 're opening the door to the underworld . Lacey ! Lacey ! Wait ! Are you OK ? I can 't believe Roxy Wasserman just canned me for trying to save the environment . - It 's her loss . - I 'm so mad at myself ! Why 'd I have to pull that stunt with the water ? So much I wanted to accomplish here . Anything I can do to cheer you up ? No . I need my Dub Dub . What 's that ? It 's my best friend . Who I 'm sort of fighting with right now . She 's kind of always there to bail me out . Sometimes literally . Are you sure there 's nothing I can do ? Actually , I can think of one thing that would make me feel a whole lot better . The Scythe of Muadru allows the living to navigate the Underworld . If I let go for a second , we 'll be stuck there for eternity . Which is why your job is so important . Hold the little girly bottle . Hand it to you when you need it . I got it the first three times . My redundancy is only a reflection of the importance of this assignment . The Underworld is full of temptations , personal and emotional enticements that would tax the strongest of mortals . You think I can 't handle it ? - I think ... - I know what you think . I 've Been hearing it all day . " Saving the world requires focus . " Look , I 'm a multitasker . Ability to defeat evil and deal with emo at the same time . It 's like my superpower . Personally , I 've never had emo that didn 't interfere with the job . I find that hard to believe . I mean , that you 've ever had emo . Ann Arbor High School , 1991 . Oh , jeez . Way to reach for a recent example . Fred Butler was a quarterback with a bright future . Big Ten scouts were coming to watch him play . He was running a play against Adrian . Game was in the bag . One of his line men couldn 't wait to run off the field . That was you , right ? I had a gal cheering for me in the stands . Before the game she 'd given me a mix tape . - Is " mix tape " a euphemism for ... - No . The play was called , the ball was snapped . All I could think about was that haunting Bryan Adams song , and how much I loved the girl who 'd given me that tape . That 's , uh ... kinda sweet I guess . No , Dubbie . It was pathetic . Your words . Not mine . Fred was my man and I was supposed to have his back . But instead , I 'm whistling that stupid song from Robin Hood . The next thing I heard was the sickening wet crunch when his knee hit the turf . Fred had three operations before we graduated high school , but he never played again . You can 't be sure that was your fault . No . But I am sure I could have prevented it . Life sometimes scatters you . It happens . Not since then . And not for us . I will always give you 100 percent . I hope I can expect the same in return . The Underworld awaits . Powers of the world beneath , spirits of the dead , powers of the planes beyond , spirits of the restless , grant us passage through your realms ! Grant us strength in our journey ! grant us courage in this travail , grant us speed in our crossing , grant us fortune in our quest . Open the door ! Open the door ! Open the door ! This is the underworld ? So all those temp jobs really were hell on earth . - What do you mean ? - It was a joke . You know , because this is supposed to be the Underworld but instead , it looks just like a boring old office building . Sands of Zanzibar ! You see an office building ? Yeah . You don 't ? I see a field . Wild . Overgrown . Barbaric . Look over there . A feral rabbit . Seriously ? No . I see an office building . Wow . Somebody 's funny in the Underworld . Which way ? I 'm not sure . We 'll have to ask at the information desk . What 's in all those files ? - Heard of The Book of The Dead ? - Sure . That was version 1.0 . Now the dead are catalogued in a proprietary system of files . Much like our own Dewey Decimal System . So there 's a record of everyone who 's ever died ? For being an infinitely massive vale of shadows and mystery , this place is surprisingly well-organized . Dangnabit . Service down here has gone to pot . Have you been helped ? - Oh , you 're alive . - Yes . And hoping to stay that way . We 're looking for a Terracotta Warrior and his boy hostage . I hate the living . And we 'll be skedaddling out of your way posthaste but not until we resolve some unfinished business with our warrior friend . You just missed him . Thousand Years of Fire Room . Guns of Navarone ! How did he beat us here ? Upstairs . End of the hall . Better hurry . Let 's roll , Dubbie . I need you to look someone up for me . His name is Peter Watson . He 's my Dad . Peter Watson ? Sure . Piece of cake . Or maybe you 'd like me to find a specific Joe Smith . 'Cause that 's not at all inconvenient . I know Watson is an annoyingly common name . OK ? Believe me . It 's my cross to bear too . But please . Look , I know you 're dead . Or something , so you probably don 't even have emotions . But please try to understand . I was 14 when my father disappeared . I 've spent my entire life wondering if he 's still alive . This is my Holy Grail . This is my Rosebud . This is ... Not working on me , hon . Oh . Can 't kill the dead , can I ? No . But you 're funny . Oh , what the hell . What was the name again ? Peter Watson . Was he by any chance with the Luftwaffe ? No . Uh , he flew a DC-3 . Fixed wing . American . OK . Dubbie ! Now ! The Vial ! Dubbie ? OK , here we go . - You found it ? - I found the right year . I 'm close . Wendy ! Wendy ! Wendy ! I think I have your answer . Where the hell did she go ? Watson , I need you ! - I 'm sorry . I was ... - Let 's go ! Move ! Come on ! Don 't look back ! Dubbie ! Dubbie , Now ! Come on ! Throw it ! She 's gonna blow ! I don 't know about you , but I need some chocolate . I said chocolate , people ! The good kind . - I want my Dad . - I hear ya . - So . - Yeah . Do we need to post-mortem ? It may have an unfortunate double meaning but I assure you I mean it solely in the recap sense of the word . You were right . I let personal stuff get in the way . Wendy , it 's one thing to set aside a fight with your roommate , but some things walk beside you your whole life . The world could have ended . But it didn 't . You came through in the end . That 's all that matters . So what now ? It looks like we have all the time in the world if you 'd like to have some kind of emotional breakdown . Kinda numb right now . But I appreciate the offer . You know , all this Middleman stuff . I think my dad would have been proud . Maybe he still is . I didn 't think I 'd hear myself say this , Trevor , but I really love these furs . It 's just so great we 're getting to keep so many . Thanks for helping me carry them out . - I don 't know how ... - He sucked her soul out ! Son of a bitch ! Wendy ? What are you doing ? Uh ... I got these for you . To apologize . And to tell you how much I admire your soul . Maybe I should give you girls a minute . - Are those really for me ? - Uh , No . They were kinda sorta to smash Trevor over the head for luring you into a soulless life of fur-wearing because that 's totally not who you are in any way . - You 'd do that for me ? - I am your best friend . A girl could go to prison for braining a guy . I know , I just get so mad when I see people doing the wrong thing I have to take a stand . I just wish my best friend would understand that . That 's why I love you . - Ladies . - Uh ... OK . Why are homeless men walking around in mink ? I have to show you something . When Roxy Wasserman offered me a job , I figured all I had to do was hang in there long enough to get to the fur room and go all Carrie Prom Night II . but after Trevor finally got me into the fur room I started thinking about everything you said . What would Wendy Watson do ? So ... The minks already lost their lives . I can 't do anything about that . But I can make sure their ultimate sacrifice is used for good , not evil . You still committed grand larceny . You stole all those furs . I talked Roxy into donating them . You did ? Yes . She was so busy she barely noticed I was still in the building . She told me to take the furs because the world 's going to hell anyway . - Oh , Lacey , that is so ... - Mature ? - ... awesome . - I know ! Give me a hug .
