 5 : 30 PM Did you just wake up ? What time is it ? 5 : 30 in the afternoon . You sleep all day ? Had a late night and I gotta get to work for a new mission ... - I mean temp job . - Did you borrow my boots ? Yeah , last night . Is that bad ? No , no . Miclothes rack es suclothes rack . It 's just , I mean , God knows I 've spilled a lot of fake blood on your stuff ... but what the hell is this ? It almost looks alive . Don 't worry , it 's dead . Any movement is just reflex action . You mean it was alive ? A bug . I stepped on a bug . With both my boots ? Um ... I killed the bug , then stepped on the mess with your boots on the way out . Your way out of what ? The zoo . The zoo 's closed on Mondays . Why do you think I picket the ape habitat on Tuesdays ? Uh , a private zoo ? I gotta go . I 'm late for work . What kind of temp job do you have and who has a private zoo ? Excellent . Ida , meet us at vehicle stowage with all the equipment . You called . I came . Where 's the fire ? Your next assignment is a follow-up to last night 's job . Another Carpissian Hog-Roach is on the loose ? Awesome . I 'm getting good at 86-ing those suckers . That Hog-Roach from outer space is mine ! Oh , it 's yours all right . Yours to clean up . You shot that Carpissian Hog-Roach in the back seat of The Middlemobile . The next time we trap a rampaging pig-insect hybrid from another galaxy that accidentally gets loose in custody , you should shoot after it gets out of the car . Right . Next time I 'll try to find a more convenient place to be attacked . You 'd better git , cowboy , or that movie 's going to go off into the sunset without you . Hey , I ... I 'm cleaning up Hog-Roach gore and you 're going to a movie ? Ride Lonesome isn 't just a movie , Dubbie . It 's one of the great cinematic treatises on rugged individualism . Hey , if you spilled the slime , you clean the grime . Happy scrubbing , Tinker Bell . What do you want ? And who do you work for ? I 'm kind of self-employed . Lacey ? Hi , Wendy 's boss . Capture : Evelyn ~ zx Sync : FRS @ iMeow Middleman Season 1 , Ep 7 Lacey , what are you ... Were you following me ? I 'm seeing a movie . Same as you . Sorry , sorry . It 's just so unusual to see a woman here alone . In the audience , I mean . There 's always a woman on the screen . But ... I guess I just assumed this sort of thing appealed more to men ... Really ? Well , thanks to the Internet , now women are much more comfortable seeking out visual representations of sexual desire for their own gratification . Great Barrier Reef . Lacey , I was talking about Westerns . You 're teasing me . I 'm sorry . No , I 'm sorry . I should have mentioned that I 'm doing an art project on ... heroic men . Well , you certainly picked the right showing . Randolph Scott is one of the greats . It 's so weird hearing you say that . - Why ? - I don 't know . Most men your age ... It 's all Boba Fett and Jack Bauer , you know ? I like to keep the old heroes alive . Well , it 's just you and me . Do you want to sit together ? Oh . We 're both going in that direction . And we 're both seeing the same movie . Why not ? Here 's your water . They didn 't have any of the cruelty-free organic vegan candy you wanted . They don 't stock milk , either . Milk ? Builds strong bodies , right ? Is this what you do to pass the time ? I get all the excitement I need at work . I 'm surprised you aren 't there now . When Wendy left she said it was gonna be a busy night . And it will be , for her . Sometimes it 's good to be the boss . What do you do for a living ? We 're international consultants that solve exotic problems for corporations , individuals , and even governments . Obviously , our clients often prefer anonymity . That 's so clear ... concise . I wonder why Wendy 's never said that to me . Maybe she 's afraid to . You 're the most important person in her life . And what you think of her is everything . Oh , I know that sound . So do I. I 've seen the first act of Ride Lonesome 16 times . We have a Red Ball from O2STK . Some guy just drowned . Drowned ? In his bed . Maybe someday you can interrupt whatever I 'm doing . Hey ! What 's going on ? We 're agents Boetticher and Kennedy from American Shrimp and Crab Amalgamated Processors . - Law enforcement . - ASCAP ? We avoid using the acronym for copyright reasons . But , uh , whenever unexpected shrimp or crab appear in the context of a homicide , we 're not far behind . I 'm Officer Cecil Rogers , CSI . So what do we have here ? Meet the late Artie Atkins . Cause of death appears to be suffocation as a result of his lungs spontaneously filling with sea water and a clam . I 'm not touching seafood for a year . I also performed an on-site gastroscopy in order to verify my initial findings . - That 's extraordinary . - Thank you , Sir . Have you been able to determine the salinization levels of the sea water ? - Absolutely . - Well played ! Salinization levels indicate that the water in this man 's lungs originated in the North Atlantic . This man knows his salinization tables . Is it possible that someone forced the water into the man 's lungs ? There are no visible signs of forced entry , no inflammation of the nasal passages or trachea . This defies every principle of science I know . And yet , I 'm convinced the sand and water somehow sprang from within this man . Well , Officer Rogers , will you please accept our congratulations and admiration for a job well done . Nothing like watching a really good CSI technician do his work . Could you cut the bromance ? This crime is gross enough as it is . Step aside . You 're contaminating the crime scene . - Who are you ? - Who are you ? - ASCAP . - The shrimp guys ? We 're CSI , Metro , we need you out of the room . But your CSI guy has been here already . Cecil Rogers , he just left . Cecil Rogers ? Never heard of him . That duplicitous , double-crossing weasel . Aw , you loved him so . Why was Rogers there ? Why did he go through the trouble of posing as a CSI ? What does he want ? Same thing we did . To gather information . And maybe faking being a CSI guy wasn 't so difficult . Maybe he is , or was , a CSI guy at some point . Nice deduction , Watson . - Ida ! - I 'm on it . Checking current and former CSI techs who match Rogers ' description . Of course , without a picture . There has to be a faster way for the facial recognition imager to create an accurate composite portrait . What if you just scanned in this ? Nice . Rogers really got under your skin , huh ? I was so distracted by his charm and competence . Time to quit your grinning and drop your linen , people . You got an ID on Captain Mancrush ? No , but I do have information about the drowning victim , Artie Atkins , known to the world as Double-A . He was a fence who specialized in unusual art and antiquities . Well-known paintings , sculptures and other collectables . Items that had to be handled discreetly and sold secretly . Do we know what Double-A was working on at the time of his death ? What ? Now I don 't know how to do my job ? I cross referenced the list of his associates with his telephone bill from the last three weeks . Double-A made six phone calls to only one associate , Johnny John . - Do you have an address ? - 8660 Hawks Lane , apartment nine . God , am I underpaid . 8660 Hawks Lane , apartment 9 God , am I underpaid . You the pizza delivery ? We 're Agents Harland and Wolff from the Department of the Interior . May we come inside ? Actually , this is not a good time . I 'll be right back , honey . Don 't get distracted ! Look , I 've got a beautiful woman in here who 's hot , willing and able , who finds me devastating in my raw feral power . Did I mention she was hot ? - Yes . - Yes . Do you have any idea how rare that is for me ? Yes , I do . - This isn 't an urgent matter . - This isn 't ? Please . Look at me . The last time I was with an attractive woman was ... never . Just give me five minutes . Maybe six . I 'm begging you . Five it is . Here I come , peaches . Tell me you didn 't buy that . He 's going out the back window as we speak . No , I know a desperate man when I see one . He 'll keep his word and the trance-like ecstasy of sexual gratification may make him an easier target for interrogation . Well , This is so ... - Awkward ? - Yeah . Did that sound like sexual ecstasy to you ? A succubus ! - Stand down , demon . - Don 't let her touch me , please ! Then give us answers . First your partner drowns in a motel room now you 've got a soul-sucking demon attacking you ? What have you two been up to ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . Ok ... But I 'm losing my grip on this one . No , wait , wait ! Me and Double-A pulled off a job , now someone 's coming after us . That 's all I know . You must let me destroy him ! Oh nuts , my grip is slipping here . I don 't know how long I can hold her . No ! I 'm talking , I 'm talking . Just keep that freak away from me ! - What was it ? What 'd you steal ? - It was a tuba . - A tuba ? - What kind of tuba ? Tenor ? Four valve ? Silver ? Gold ? It was a tuba tuba . We took it from a bank vault . You don 't want to believe me , that 's up to you . Now tie that thing up ! Why would anyone want to steal a tuba ? Ask her boss . Roxy Wasserman ! Why doesn 't anybody ever listen to me ? This is hillbilly wear . It 's a nightmare . What is this , the Grand Ole Opry ? Get it out of here ! Out ! What the ... We had a deal . You don 't organize heists , you don 't collect magical artifacts , and you don 't send your succubinical minions out to kill people . Remember ? MM , have you forgotten your manners ? It 's not nice to drop in on a lady unannounced . but we had a deal and you broke it and there 's consequences . If you 're sending your demons out to kill , then my sacrifice and that of my sidekick will have been worth it to stop you . Excuse me ? Everybody out . Out ! Let her go , Dubbie . MM , Bubbie ... For many years I have respected our " agreement , " but the tuba , that changes everything . After decades of running this place , offering struggling succubae ... And incubi . ... a place to stop their killing ways , you just chuck it all away one day for a tuba ? Not just any tuba . A cursed tuba . It 's the only musical instrument to survive the sinking of the Titanic . The ship hit an iceberg , sank , and somebody saved a tuba ? Exactly . That instrument is an abomination and whosoever hears the E-flat rumble of its serpentine valves will drown in the icy waters of the North Atlantic . That explains why there was a crab and clams in the victim 's mouth . Imagine what would happen if that tuba were played for a crowd ? Or a marching band ? Or a live television broadcast ? Thousands , maybe millions , of people could drown ... - In the icy waters ... - Of the North Atlantic . So you hired a crew to steal the tuba and then sent your soul-sucking ladies to take out the thieves ? You are as ignorant as your jacket is tacky . I run a decent , respectable halfway house for succubae . We want to co-exist with humans . When I heard that the tuba was stolen this morning I decided to do society a little favor and launch my own investigation . And find and keep for yourself a priceless object of unspeakable power ? Oh . I only have the noblest of intentions . Well , you should have told me . MM ... Here 's what I propose . We call a truce . But if you fail to find and neutralize that brass pipe from hell , I will send the ladies out to terrorize every single criminal in the city ... until it is destroyed ... or safely put away . OK , Rox . Deal . Oh , and one more thing . The key is the tuba . We have to find it . That 's easier said than done . It could be anywhere . If Little-Miss-Can 't-Do is done flapping her lips , I 'll find that tuba without leaving the room . I 'm integrating with the world surveillance network , scanning all Internet databanks and search engines , all communication networks , military and civilian . If anyone on the planet so much as utters the word " tuba " into a phone , I 'll know about it . - I 've got a hit ! - What ? The President used the word " tuba " five times at a breakfast meeting . Oh . - I 've got a hit ! - Yeah ? An elementary school kid in Hong Kong won a medal for playing the tuba . - I 've got a hit . - Uh-huh ? There 's a 2-for-1 tuba blow-out at Reginald 's House of Brass in Downers Grove , Illinois . I 've got a hit ! I 've got a hit . I 've got a hit . The Southampton Philharmonic lost a tuba last Thursday . They don 't want it back . Break time ? Keep an eye on the watch . The moment Ida gets a credible lead , we 're back on the streets . I 've got a hit ! - Yo , Wendy Watson . - Hey Noser . - So , how did your day begin ? - With a friendly voice . Really ? ' Cause all I heard was the sound of salesmen . - Of salesmen ? - Yeah . Of salesmen . Weird . Lace , you got any plans tonight ? Sorta . I thought you were working tonight . Well , I kind of am , but if you wanted to say , go to Little Tokyo to grab some ramen noodles , or pop in a Mario Bava movie or ... Hey , you look nice . I know . - And I gotta go . - What ? Hey now , Wendy Watson , solver of exotic problems , isn 't the only one with a life . Wait , did you just say that I solve " exotic problems ? " Yeah . So ? Well , it 's just a very specific turn of phrase . I 'm a very specific girl . We 'll do something tomorrow night , OK ? Hi , there , Wendy 's boss-man . I ... I 'm really glad you could make it . I 'm a spur-of-the-moment kind of gal . Cruelty-free vegan candy . I saved the same seats for us . Do you ever take that thing off ? - No . - Never ? It 's waterproof , shock-proof and grafted to my skin . Really ? Might as well be . I 've got to go . At least you know how the movie ends . Actually , I don 't . Like I told you , I 've seen the beginning of Ride Lonesome 16 times . But the end ? Never . You mean you 've gone your entire life without finding out if Ben Brigade gets Billy John at the hands of the law , or if his sense of self just ends up another casualty of the dying west ? I 'm sad to say the answer is yes . If you want , I 'll stay ' till the end and let you know what happens . You 'd do that ? I like to keep the old heroes alive . One coffee and milk , hold the coffee , for you , and one coffee and milk , hold the milk for me . So where 's the tuba ? Ida found this posted on MyFaceInaTube. com . The highly popular social networking and video sharing site ? " OMG ! LOL ! ROTFLMAO ! WTM ? I finally got a tuba ! " So some kid got a tuba and blogged about it . What makes you think it 's the tuba we 're looking for ? That 15-year-old boy happens to be Arturo Arroyo , the son of Gabriel Arroyo , the manager of the Peckinpah Motel . Where Double-A drowned in his bed . Apparently Arturo took the tuba from Double-A 's room after he died . He figured Double-A wouldn 't need it anymore . " I have a band audition at the school tonight but my new tuba doesn 't have a mouthpiece . If anyone has an extra mouthpiece , please bring it . " I get it . He can 't play the tuba without the mouthpiece . He 's bound to find one in the school band room . If we don 't intercept Arturo before someone loans him a mouthpiece , that entire high school ... Will drown in the icy waters of the North Atlantic , I know . This is good , no one 's drowned yet . And no one 's playing the tuba , which is just as good . Hey , Bradley , do you have a spare mouthpiece ? Mister Rogers ! Stop ! Thief ! Put down that tuba ! Shot in the heart . That really , really hurts . Hello , again . What 's the matter ? Never seen a man come back from the dead before ? Your name is Cecil Rogers , 23 . No birth certificate or social security number . But your name is also Charlie Rogers , forensic specialist in Las Vegas . No birth certificate or social security number . Your name is also Clarence Rogers , grand prix race car driver in the 1970 's and early 80 's . Survived three fiery crashes . No birth certificate or social security number . You 're also known as Cecil Mulligan , Hollywood stuntman in the 1930 's and 40 's . Cecil Jauregui , Cecil Artiano , Cecil Solis . All mysterious , risk-takers . No birth certificate or social security number , which is no surprise since the Social Security Act wasn 't created until 1935 . And last but not least , Cecil Calloway Rogers . Penniless musician . The only one with a recorded birth certificate . May I keep this ? I have so few souvenirs of my youth . So basically , you 're Highlander with a tuba . Care to fill in the blanks ? You really going to hit me with that ? OK . I was born August 9 , 1889 . And yes , I haven 't aged a day since the night the Titanic sank into the icy waters of the North Atlantic . I played with the ship 's orchestra . You know the story . You saw the movie . I lived it . The massive hull shuddering with the howl of twisted metal as the iceberg rent the bow . The cream of high society and the poorest of steerage trapped as the frigid waters drowned one and all . and me and my mates , playing for the panicked mob on the ship 's deck . Hang on . Yeah , I saw the movie . That was a string quartet . It was after I ran away . I tried to reason with Charlie , the band leader , but he insisted we keep going , so I said I 'd go play for the doomed third class children below decks . But you didn 't go . I wrapped my tuba in a blanket told the deck officer it was my slumbering three-year-old baby and got on a lifeboat , taking the spot of a boy with polio and his blind mother . You took their lives to save yourself and your instrument ? You nauseate me . Me and that tuba are cursed for eternity . As long as the tuba is intact , I will live forever to ponder the lives I took . " As long as the tuba is intact ? " Classic curse , Dubbie . The man and his tuba are spiritually linked . Kill the tuba , kill the man . In 1947 the spit valve was clogged . I spent ten weeks in bed with pneumonia . So that 's why you want it back ? To end your misery ? I bet you hear the screams of the drowning dead every night , haunting your every moment . Actually , it 's been a good time for me . It was rough at first , but then about ten years later , 1922 , ' 23 , I started going to the gym , taking a little yoga , I ride horses , cars , became a stuntman and I was good at it , since I can 't die and all . I bought stock , calculators , then computers , some oil . I started dating . That 's been going very good . Very , very good . So around 1955 , I stashed the tuba in a bank vault for safekeeping - and the rest has been history . - Until someone stole it . Not just someone . Arthur Mendelson . Arthur Mendelson , the philanthropist ? Oilman , explorer and the world 's biggest , most obsessive collector of all things Titanic . Mendelson 's hosting a dinner and dance cruise tonight on his ostentatious private ocean liner which with no doubt I tell you is three feet longer than the Queen Mary and 86 feet longer than the Titanic . The centerpiece for the festivity is going to be the quintet playing Nearer , My God , to Thee with the real tuba from the Titanic . And he 's invited every Titanic fetishist in the world so he can gloat . Wait , what about the missing mouthpiece ? I found it in the motel near Double-A 's body and I put it back in the tuba back at the school before that guy shot me and took it . So Mendelson has the complete tuba and any of his guests who listen to it will drown ... In the icy waters of the North Atlantic . Not tonight . We 're gonna be on that ship . We ? No way . Wait . You 're refusing to help get back your own tuba ? I 'm refusing to step foot on a boat of any kind , big or small . But you 're immortal . Yep , and I stay on dry land . I 'm giving you an opportunity to preserve your life and to help clear your own conscience . Know what happens when a guy like me gets trapped in a sinking ship ? My guess is that you 'd drown . Then come back to life . Then drown again . For all eternity . Have fun saving the world . So all Ida has to do is make a couple of calls and we 're on the guest list to the most exclusive private cruise of the year ? Ida has connections to get us tickets to anything , anywhere , as long as the fate of the world is at stake . So I get to lose Hitler 's smoking jacket and do a mission in a real dress ? You may also want to do something with your hair . What 's wrong with my hair ? You know , make it more period-like . I 'll do your hair , Cinderella . And when it 's done , it 'll be just like mine . I 'll be back in an hour . Maybe two . Mendelson is a collector of all things Titanic . So his party of course is themed all around ... The Titanic . I get it . You know , I 've met Arthur Mendelson . - You have ? - Yep . My mother , Doctor Barbara Thornfield , MD , PhD , she endowed one of his leukemia treatment centers . Oh , she 's really pushing hard for that sainthood . So is it just strictly business tonight between you and sexy boss-man ? I refuse to answer until you stop calling him that . So , is it strictly business tonight between you and pillow-lips ? Yes , it 's strictly business . What else would it be ? I 'm going to a Titanic party with my boss . I didn 't even like that movie . I loved that movie . I especially loved that song . Uh ... I especially hated that song . Dub-Dub , first rule of achieving a happy makeover : never argue with the person holding the curling iron . 7 : 00 PM There 's Johnny John . I bet he didn 't leave that .38 snub-nose revolver in his car . We should have let that succubus have at him . And that 's our host , Arthur Mendelson . I see a place for the band , but no tuba . Oh ... Tropic of Cancer . Wendy , language ! Oh , phooey . This ship is about to set sail with the most lethal tuba known to man . - They can 't be here . - I know , why don 't you just go up and talk to Lacey ? She melts when she sees you . - I 'm sure if you just ... - No , not ... not tonight . I 'm on armed goon tuba duty . You 're on lose the roomie detail . Meet me outside when they 're on the pier and safe . - Hi there , roomie . - What are you doing here ? You know me , wherever there 's a lobster dinner , I 'm there in tails . It was so much fun getting you ready , I asked Doctor Barbara Thornfield , MD , PhD , well , her assistant , if she could get us invitations . - Isn 't it fantastic ? - No . It 's not . It 's the opposite of fantastic . It 's downright dangerous . You 're international consultants . How can that be dangerous ? International consultants ? It 's a short dinner cruise of the bay . What are you so worried about ? Look , I can 't explain why , but if our friendship means anything , you 'll listen to what I say and not ask any questions . Please , Dub-Dub . We got all dressed up . I promise I won 't embarrass you in front of pillow lips . I 'm begging you . Why are you doing this ? All right . Come on , Noser , let 's go home . Bon voyage . I think we 're sailing away into the virgin sea . 7 : 17 PM Dubbie , we have to check the next corridor . The tuba must be here somewhere . Oh , this is efficient . Another month or two and we 'll have covered the ship from bow to stern . I was thinking maybe we could ... Shh . Quiet . Excuse me ? I heard something . Welcome aboard . Sensei Ping . Twisted Stones . On three . One , two , three . I forget . What 's my part in Twisted Stones ? The counting . How 'd you know it was nearby ? I figured if Johnny John picked that spot to lay an ambush ... Nice job , Shoeless Joe . We 've got company . Arthur Mendelson . You arranged for the theft of the tuba . You know about the curse . Oh , let me guess . Uh ... anyone who hears it will drown ? In the icy waters of the North Atlantic . Yes . I 'm not a superstitious man but we 've all heard all about the curse . No one 's in any danger of drowning , not tonight , not on my ship . Oh , which , by the way , is three feet longer than the Queen Mary . And 86 feet longer than the Titanic . Hmm . Well , you got that right . But a cursed tuba ? Ha ! Ha ! You 're crazy . Hello again . So much for your fear of ships . Did you really think I wouldn 't show up ? You arranged this , didn 't you ? Mendelson has done me a great favor . He 's gathered everyone who gives a damn about the Titanic and its relics in one place . And all it took to convince him that I am the great-great-great-great-grandson of the tuba player from the Titanic was to show him the picture you graciously gave me . So tonight you play the tuba . Everyone who knows about it dies and your secret remains safe . My plan is sheer elegance in its simplicity , isn 't it ? No ! You will have murdered everyone on this ship . There 's still time , Rogers . If you help us , I 'll make sure your tuba is safe for all eternity . You have my word . Sorry . I don 't trust good-looking , heroic people . You have eternal life and this is what you choose to do with it ? Did I mention how good the dating has been ? When 's the tuba show gonna kick off ? I dunno . Have you seen Wendy since she asked us to get out of here ? It 's like she and pillow lips just vanished . It 's a big ship , maybe they don 't want to be found . Thanks a lot , Noser . Did I see a flash of jealousy streak across that pretty face ? Why would you think I 'm jealous ? You call the man pillow lips . You know what ? I 've always wanted to see the cabins in a ship like this . And I always wanted to finish a lobster dinner . Be still , Dubbie , I 'm handling this . What are you doing ? Sending a text message . To Ida ? By the time she hops in the Middlejet ... - Maybe I can reach Lacey . - Oh , good idea . - Her number 's 555 ... - 0164 . I already pressed " send . " Wait . Why do you have my roommate 's number ? I have a good memory for numbers . I know lots of them . Why do you have my roommate 's number ? I got it from your emergency numbers on your startup paperwork . My mother is my emergency number . Why do you have my roommate 's number ? Wait a minute . Are you and Lacey ... ? No . I mean . Not like that . - She was at the movie and ... - The movie with you ? She followed me there . - Which time ? - Both times . " International consultant . " I solve exotic problems . You told her all that ? I was trying to help , to make things easier . How ? She 's my roommate and my best friend and you 're my boss . How does that make anything easier ? Why don 't you just date my mom while you 're at it ? - Is she nice ? - Ahhhh ! Just kidding . It was a joke , to relieve the tension . You want to relieve the tension ? Don 't date my roommate . - Wendy ? - Lacey ! International Consulting leads to this ? I said the problems were " exotic . " Yo . Wendy 's boss . Hello , Mr. Noser . How are you ? You enjoying the party ? The lobster was sublime , what I had of it . OK . Well , you texted me to help . So I 'm here to help . Just get us out of these cuffs . Noser , get the ax . What ax ? Like in the movie . I 'll close my eyes and love will guide the blade , breaking the cuffs and proving that love conquers all . No way , Noser . No ! I have a universal key ! Why didn 't you say that earlier ? Wouldn 't have helped . You couldn 't have reached it and neither could I. It 's in my front pocket . Can I just use the ax ? - Noser ! - Noser ! Listen to me . I need you two to get as far away from that ballroom as possible . Go to the other side of the ship , plug your ears with these and be ready to send out an SOS if something goes wrong . Are you familiar with Morse Code ? I know how to tap out SOS . I told you I loved that movie . Ladies and gentlemen , honored guests , and dear , dear friends , the moment we have all been waiting for is finally upon us . You are about to hear a sound that has not been heard since the early part of the 20th century . He 's got the whole ship wired for sound . - Sweet . - No place is safe ! That 's what I meant . The man playing the tuba tonight is the great-great - great-great grandson of the man who last played that same instrument on the decks of the Titanic , to ease the fears of his fellow passengers . Ladies and gentlemen , it is my great honor to present to you , Mister Cecil Rogers . Stop that woman ! She 's got my tuba ! Oh , why couldn 't it have been a piccolo ? Dubbie ! Dubbie ! Throw it overboard . Get to the nearest railing and throw the tuba into the sea . Shouldn 't I find something to smash it with ? I know You 're going to question that order . Do it anyway . Throw it overboard . The pressure will destroy it . - Good point . - Don 't argue with me , just do it . I 'm not arguing , I 'm running . Now , now , let 's not do anything hasty . Take a step closer , I 'll throw the tuba overboard . Kill the tuba , kill the man ? Something like that . Dubbie ? ! Hey ! Ahhh ! Help ! Hey , boss ! I 'm down here . Dubbie , I 've got you . Grab a hold of something and climb up . He 's got the tuba ! Ladies and gentlemen ! We promised you a tuba concert . And by God you 're going to get one you 'll never forget . Step aside , boss . I got this one . Sweet Molly Brown ! Good shooting , Dubbie . Good shooting . Ladies ... Ladies and gentlemen , uh , what can I say ? The tuba that we all came here to listen to tonight is now lying at the bottom of the bay , and apparently when we dock , I 'm going to be arrested by the Coast Guard and the FBI charged with grand larceny , so ... uh ... here 's the string quartet . Enjoy the rest of the cruise . And ... I 'm gonna have another bourbon . Lacey could have died on this ship . We all could have . Thank God we saved the day . Doesn 't matter . If it weren 't today , it would be some other day , some other mission , some other danger . I know what you 're thinking . I 'm your boss . She 's your roommate . I 'm ten years older than she is and our world is too dangerous . And you 're right . There 's no reason for me to endanger someone we both care about . Actually , what I was thinking is that under any other circumstances , I would be so happy for the two of you . May I ? There 's something I need you to know . Me first . You were right . Randolph Scott is amazing . The best . He 's reduced everything about being a gunfighter to its existential individualistic essence . Words are the enemy . Only action is real . We are what we do , not what we say . So his eyes and his guns do the talking , and you 're just like him . You 're like every one of the heroes I admire . You take charge and protect the ones you love . It 's inspiring . But there 's a rule at my work . I can 't see you in the " dating " sense of the word . You 're my associate 's roommate . It 's not right . Wendy wouldn 't care . Not if it made me happy . I do . It 's not right . It 's like Sam Boone says in Ride Lonesome , " There are some things a man just can 't ride around . " Well ... What about a movie ? That 'd be OK , right ? This sucks . Good night , Miss Thornfield . Wait a minute . I have to tell you something . At the end of Ride Lonesome Ben Brigade kills the man that kills his wife . Only it doesn 't happen the way you think it 's gonna happen . But once it does , you realize that no other ending was possible .
