 Previously on Bionic Woman Dinner , tomorrow night . But that guy Tom is under some scrutiny . He only has a paper trail for the last six years . Before that , nothing . We have to assume that he 's the enemy , Jamie . I don 't believe it . My gut tells me he has nothing to do with this . the last time you listened to your gut about a guy , you had your limbs replaced . Who 's gonna have my back in there . We 'll be with you every step of the way , okay ? - You 're the good guy . - Well , CIA . It 's open to interpretation . This time we came out ahead . - Could 've done better . - I was thinking about Tom . I was thinking about you . God , you 're beautiful . Hey , Agent Hastings . Hey yourself , Agent Sommers . So , I was just calling to make sure we were still on for the family dinner tomorrow . You 're keen . I thought it was " my sister 's making dinner " . - What she making ? - Pasta carbonara , that I actually hate . - But don 't tell her . - So what are you doing right now ? Working . And what are you wearing ? You can 't ask me that now . All right , all right , I got it , carry on . Just be careful . Okay ? Don 't do anything crazy . No heroics . I 'll call you back . So where were we ? Don 't do anything crazy . Synchro : bbd1980 , Kasius , IceFre @ k Jaim , we don 't have heavy cream or bacon , do we ? - You making a heart attack ? - Do you want me to cook dinner - for your boyfriend or not ? - I want you to cook for him . I don 't want you to kill him . And he 's not my boyfriend . Tell your face that . Really , it 's nice to see you happy . I mean , you tell more jokes , you buy me more stuff ... 'Cause I 'm inherently selfish and I want this to continue , I 'm gonna make you make a good impression on this guy tonight . Just leave it all up to me . I will take care of it . Great . All right . Can I have 50 bucks to pay for all this ? Morning , chatty . Chatty ? Yeah , I took a look at your cell phone log . You were talking to Tom while you were out ... It 's not your job to monitor my calls . I 'm just saying ... Had you not been distracted , you could 've taken the guy out with a lot less risk . What risk ? I 'm bionic . You 're bionic , not immortal . And the risk I 'm talking about is not you . It 's to Berkut . Exposure . Don 't worry about it . You 're learning . A general rule of thumb : Relationships and counterespionage don 't mix . Is that why James Bond never had a steady girlfriend ? I think having a steady girlfriend is overrated . You 're such a guy . 50-caliber depleted uranium tip . This thing will eat your guts . - Created specifically for ... - For the chambliss ... optical tracking system . Which gives this rifle an effective range up to ... 2-1 / 2 miles . Lethality ... 100 % . 2-1 / 2 miles . That 's further than I can see . Well , at least a mile and half farther than any other rifle on earth . - Something the world really needed . - We developped it . - We Berkut ? - No , we the United States of America . Fortunately , we recovered four dozen rounds from your bad driver last night . However , the army managed to lose six dozen rounds along with the way . - Lose ? - It was stolen out of an armored vault . It ended up pointed at president Rudhan , dictator of Imara , two weeks ago . So if the ammunition is in this country now , then ... Then the rifle is too . And president Rudhan will be here in three days . He has horse racing at the Bay Maiden Cup . Supposedly he trained the horse himself . Why , is somebody trying to kill him ? Along with being good with horses , he rules by political terror , abduction , assassination , torture . And that 's not just people he doesn 't trust . Their families , the villages , old people . I know . I spent some time there . We 're gonna protect this guy ? Listen , they could kill him all day long in Imara , but if it happens here , it 's only gonna empower the anti-american nationalists . Leaving a power vacuum in Imara . To be occupied by a fresh generation of jihadists . Taliban comes to Africa . Right , so we protect the bad guy . Every move His Excellency will be making while in this country is shown here . We trust that you , along with the CIA and Secret Service , will assure that his visit is a pleasant one . Security won 't be a problem . Personally , I don 't see the need for American bodyguards . I have complete confidence in my men . The Imaran security forces are the most respected soldiers in Africa . Feared is a more accurate word . - You don 't like our country ? - No , I love your country . It 's your genocidal dictator that ... No , not as much . Look at the time , we should do that perimeter check before it gets dark . It 's easy to sit in judgment . But we are trying to build a nation from the ruins of colonial exploition . Our country would be torn apart without a strong leader to keep the peace . Peace ? What kind of peace are you talking about ? I was there , and I watched your president kill thousands of his own people . So what are we looking for ? Places with a clear shot and a good hide . If the President 'suite here , then ... It won 't be there , because there 's a helipad on the rooftop next-door . It won 't be there ... because that building overlooks that one . If i had the pleasure of taking this monster down , I would be alone on that rooftop ... Right there . You 've done this before , haven 't you ? Taken people out on rooftops . " People sleep peaceably in their beds at night " because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf . Churchill ? No , George Orwell . Damn , I gotta get out here . I have my therapy session with Ruth , and then dinner with Tom and Becca . You got balls , I 'll give you that . - An hour with Ruth can be torture . - That 's not what I 'm talking about . A relationship with a CIA operative ? After everything you 've been through with relationships lately ? - You just can 't keep your nose out . - The world we work in is too intense . This relationship is never gonna work . - Who is she ? - Who ? The woman who broke you . Come on . Why do women always think it 's a woman ? I 'm gonna get it out of you . New shoes , Ruth ? Maybe we should talk about why you 've been resisting these therapy sessions . Am I ? Well , I guess because you guys make me come to them and they 're boring . I feel like a science experiment . Well , these sessions are designed to help you . You know what would help me , Ruth ? If you told me about your day , and how you 're feeling . I 'm a psychiatrist . We don 't do that . Come on , Ruth . Break the rules . Knock yourself out . I mean , this place is hardly inducive to opening up and feeling comfortable . - You mean my office . - Berkut . This place is about as warm as a hospital bathroom . Would it kill you guys to put up a painting ? A plant ? Rock it a bit . Time 's up . Thanks , Doc . It 's been a pleasure . Jaime , stop , no . I 've already got everything how it 's supposed to be . Don 't touch anything . Calm down . It 's just dinner . - Calm down . It 's just dinner , okay ? - Wait here , okay ? I think I just won mystery date . Here . These are for you . Thanks . And this . Thank you . Tom , I 'd like you to meet my sister . - It 's great to meet you finally . - You too . I 've heard so many things about you . Come on in . We 're actually not gonna have dinner out in the hallway . Well , I 'm relieved about that . Got these . She is adorable . I know . So , Tom ... how long have you been involved in calculator manufacturing ? I moved over to the company five years ago . Wait , so how dooes an executive at a calculator company and a girl who sells time-shares , how do you meet exactly ? - He bought a time-share . - I bought a time-share . That 's fun . Where was the time-share ? - Florida . - Istanbul . No , it wasn 't in Istanbul . Who buys a time-share in Istanbul ? I 'm joking . So who asked out who ? I asked her out . I took one look at her , and I knew I wasn 't leaving until I asked her out . In fact , she 's the reason why I bought a time-share in Florida . I hate Florida . - Hello . - Jaime . Sudden change of plans . President Rudhan is arriving at the airport right now . I 'm on my way . I am so sorry . Big sale ? Huge sale . There 's a big thing , and they need a heavy hitter . And I just have to go , okay ? I 'll make it up to you . I 'm sorry . Enjoy your meal . Bye . Watch out for those other brokers . She does that sometimes . What is this ? It 's Air Traffic Control 2.0 . I don 't remember getting excited over version 1.0 . 5,000 planes in the air at any given time , and you 're not excited by the software that keep them from colliding . Narrow thinking , Jonas . What 's got to do with us ? Well , I was ... checking out air trafic patterns in preparation for Rudhan 's flight in three days . But ... 2.0 alerted some unusual activity . Imara flight , four eight charlie , slow to one six zero . Descend and maintain 4,000 . Vector to approach . Don 't get lot of private planes registered in Imara flying to the US . Maybe Rudhan 's bringing in extra security . This is why you 're gonna add genius to my title . See , the software also gives me access to the computer in security cameras air in Imara 's airfield . That 's president Rudhan . He boarded a plane 12 hours ago . He 's trying to sneak in under the radar . Get Jaime on the line . That airfield 's unsecured . Thank you , Nathan . I 'm glad somebody here is excited by ... advances in aviation and traffic control . " The president of Imara 's had a change of plan . He 's arriving at the airport . It 's a perfect opportunity for the sniper . I 'm already on my way . Antonio called me ten minutes ago . He couldn 't have . I just found out . Whatever . I 'm my way . I am so sorry . She 's not usually like this . I mean , she 's usually a pretty considerate person . I guess she just takes her job responsabilities really seriously . Try not to take it personally , because it 's not about you . I mean , you 're nice , I think she really likes you . So I bet the last thing you want to do right now is having polite dinner conversation with some old guy you just met . How about we start fresh ? Take a rain check . I 'll take the two of you out to some ... fabulous dinner at a great restaurant . Maybe next week ? It was great meeting you finally . You too . And ... You know , Jaime 's lucky to have a sister like you . And I 'm pretty sure she knows it . - All right . - Bye . Yeah , I 'm here . She just left a few minutes ago . Secure the president . Get him away from the plane ! What are you talking about ? Move , move ! Come on ! Bomani , we need to get the president out of the city , out of the country immediately . That is not going to happen . Let me talk to him . I apologize . They don 't always have the best of manners . What do you want to tell me ? You 're not safe here . You need to get on that plane and go home . I mean , come on , it 's a horse race . - It 's not worth dying over . - How much time ve you spent in Imara ? That would be none . I 'm not afraid to die for my beliefs and my people . - I thought I might see you here . - You 're on this case ? They just called me in for backup . - Where 's your protective gear ? - Tom , don 't start . This isn 't me thinking you can 't handle yourself . This is me thinking about a sniper bullet that big which almost blew out your brains . This is so typical of Berkut . - They think rules don 't apply to them . - The CIA always goes by the book ? - You mind ? - Actually , I do . You 're talking to my partner , causing yet another distraction . Back off . - I 'll call you later . - Why don 't you tell your partner you don 't show up to a mission with no protection . - She doesn 't have a weapon ! - You are way in over your head , you don 't even know it . Let 's go . We 've got work to do . I told you CIA boy was a bad idea . I don 't need relationship advice from you , Antonio . I spy with my little eye ... What is it , Sommers ? What 's that ? I don 't know . A piece of rubber ? I 'm not sure if I should trust you with it . - Why is that ? - You want to tell me why you knew that guy arriving at the airport before Jonas even called me ? Believe it or not , my good friend Bomani called me . You want to level with me about this woman thing ? I was undercover in Africa about three years ago , working with a woman . We were assigned on point on a raid for ... a terrorist training camp . We got the location , but they got her . I knew they were gonna torture her , but I had to do my job . Get back with the intel ... and leave her there . She was still there when the first cruise missile arrived . The missiles were right on target . It was considered a good mission . I 'm so sorry , Antonio . Oh , my god , you just made the whole thing up . Screw you . What , you don 't need a story to trust me , Jaime . Just trust me ! I 'm off to Berkut to show what we learned in school today ! I 'm right behind you ! This is all you got ? I 'll run some tests on it . How long is it gonna take to run these tests ? You have given me a all piece of rubber . Don 't give me attitude . In that case , I 'll be at home . I have to go let Becca yell at me . Could I show you something ? Sure . I got a plant . I want you to be comfortable here . - Hi - Hey , Becs . I 'm so sorry I had to leave you earlier . Look , don 't screw this one up , okay ? He 's a great guy . He 's smart . Funny , kind . He 's crazy about you . He 's so much better than those loser guys you usually date . Sorry , I know , that 's just how I feel . I know you have a wild self-destructive streak . Just ... Just keep that under control , okay ? I threw out the carbonara . I know how much you love it , but it doesn 't keep , so ... 'Night , Becca . Hello . - Where are you ? - I 'm in bed . Really ? What are you wearing ? Focus , Nathan . Why are you calling me ? To gloat . I ran my little tests on that ridiculously small so-called piece of evidence you guys game me seven hours ago , and already ... Already have a solid lead on where the guy might be . Fill me in . What you guys gave me was a piece of the sole of a high-end sneaker . On it was chlorinated residue found in residential fountains . I traced it back to the waterfall apartments . Antonio is on his way over there right now . Is there a team on the way ? No , he said the guy would see that mile away . He 's gonna handle it by himself . - Without me ? - He said not to bother you . Just let you sleep . Said he could handle it . Now would be the part where you say , " Really , really great work . " " You 're so smart and hot , " and ... - She exited the building . - She appears unarmed . Where 'd she go ? Why are you following me ? You 're gonna have to talk to agent Hastings . You gotta be kidding me . I don 't have time for this . Okay , you know what ? You tell Tom Hastings you ... You know what ? I 'll tell him myself . I 'm unavailable , so please leave a message . Where the hell are you , Antonio ? - Nice place , right ? - Absolutely . I 'm glad you could come . I can 't do this anymore ! - Come here . - Get your hands off me ! You 're crazy ! How can I argue with ... They know you were here . Stay away . What are you doing here ? I thought I told Nathan to let you sleep We 're partners . You right . Let 's go He 's gone . Antonio is communicating with the assassin . Are you sure ? Of course , I 'm sure. you want to argue with the ear ? You think about it . He knew the president was arriving sooner than you did . He told Nathan not to bother me , he 'd be fine by himself . He just stood there lying to me . Going through the motions . - And what did you do ? - Nothing . I just pretended I didn 't hear him . I haven 't been doing this very long , remember ? You did fine , you did fine . I knew he was stationed in Imara 5 years ago , and I knew he had strong feelings about the leaderships there , but I didn 't know they were this strong . - You 're gonna have to bring him in . - No , you 're gonna have to bring him in . You 're gonna give Antonio false information . that the president of Imara is changing his box at the racetrack . We 'll stay on his ass . Bust him and the shooter . a little change of plans . Really . Rudhan 's security told us they 've changed the location of the president 's box . He 's now gonna be sitting down below . Right there That totally changes the sniper sight-wise . Yeah , what do you want to do ? I 'll take the tower and you can take this other one . We can cover this , right ? Yeah . Let 's go do it . What 's up with you today ? Nothing . Something happen with you and CIA dude ? Maybe . I won 't say I told you so . But they never seem to work out in this line of work . If that 's the truth , then why do you still do it ? Sometimes I don 't know . Sorry I didnt 'call . I heard you took out two of my agents . I can 't believe you have me followed . - Thanks for the vote of confidence . - That 's not why they followed you . Really why then ? When someone in the CIA starts a ... Relationship ... they have to tell the organisation . then they check that person out , that 's all . So I told them that . You are my girlfriend . Right . You know , are you who you say you are , and do you live where you say you live . Normal stuff in our line of work . Okay . Are you okay with that . I don 't know . I have so much going on right now . Well , what 's going on ? I can 't tell you I 'll call you later , OK ? Bye Ladies and gentlemens , The official results are in on race 8 . Sabrina 's bride in first paying $ 12.80 . Straight up no out in second paying $ 5.90 . Hanna 's gold to show paying $ 4.50 . Red Ridge ? He 's up in the next race . / Yeah , I saw . The horses are on their way to the gate for the Bay maiden cup . A graded stakes race for the million dollars purse ... All betting windows are now open . You gonna tell me what the hell is going on ? I heard you with the assassin . I know you 're in on this . Did you tell Jonas ? I had tell him . I 'm not working with the assassin but I do know her . Her ? Will you just tell me the truth ? We were station together in Amara about three years ago We saw a lot of bad things . She 's been working underground against the Imaran governement ever since . She 's in too deep . She 's lost . It happens . When I heard about the assassination attemps , I felt like it might be her . The night at the airport , I found a cartridge hand-loaded . One done by her . To a shooter , That is as distinctive as a fingerprint . Once I knew it was her , I tried to stop her . I tried to talk her out of it at the motel the night you saw me . Told her that this was as bad idea . That we were onto her . But I couldn 't bring myself to take her down . She saved my life more on once , Jamie . That 's make a little hard to put a bullet in her . Why the hell should I believe any of what you 're saying ? Because I 'm asking you to . You 've got a believe me on this one . I 'm trying to stop this thing just as much as you are . Wait a minute . If Jonas thinks I 'm in on this , He probably had you feed me some false information - about where Rudhan 's sitting . - He did Jamie , that makes this guy an open target . We cannot allow him to die on american soil You take the president , and I 'll take the tower . Yes ! Cover the windows ! Cover the windows ! Secure the president ! Get back out . Get them on the move , now ! Go , go , go ! Julia , stop ! A person doesn 't see what we saw back in ' 02 and forget it . Torture , executions . You 've been working private sector ops too long . But then you were always good at walking away from things . I didn 't walk away from you . I had to complete the mission . You know that . Well , now I 'm gonna finish my own little mission . - Take the shot , Antonio . - Shut up , Sommers . You should 've listened to her . She was the one who broke your heart . Sir , you need to keep this on . I had to get out . It was too intense . She always had more nerve than I did . I should 've never left her alone in Africa . Don 't ever let that happen to you , Jamie . It 's not easy ... to live with . I should 've had ... Had her back . We 're losing him . Clear ! A negative , charge again.150 joules . Clear ! First time 's the worst . What happened ? I can 't do this . I 'm not cut out for this . Hey , come on .
