 RUSH : Destiny . The design is clearly Ancient . Launched hundreds of thousands of years ago . SCOTT : Where the hell are we ? Several billion light years from home . We are on a ship , but we have no idea where we are in relation to Earth . RUSH : This ship could be the most important discovery mankind has made since the stargate itself . YOUNG : These are the wrong people in the wrong place . SCOTT : I 've got a Iot of wounded . We need to get home . RUSH : We barely ha ve enough power to operate the main systems . This ship simply doesn 't have the capability to dial Earth . RUSH : Colonel , this chair predates those found in the Milky Way . Rush , you want this chair to be some kind of wonderful discovery , that 's fine . Prove it . I didn 't steal anything ! - What 's this , huh ? - SPENCER : Those are mine ! I brought them through with me when we evacuated ! - Sorry . - Watch where you 're going . What the hell 's your problem ? My problem is fat asses like you clogging up the hallway ... Spencer , you know what ? I 've had it with you ! Looks like a sweet potato . That is so not going to be sweet . ( chuckling ) How do you know ? Analysis we did on the planet when we dug the first ones up , just to make sure it was safe . It 's safe . It 's safe . ( EXHALlNG ) Now , that is one sweet potato . ( ALL laughing ) Really ? Everybody , try it ! Dig in ! Oh , my God . I think I 'm going to be sick ! It is food , people ! It will keep us alive ! Becker , boil them up , mash them up , and serve them up . BECKER : Yes , sir . GREER : Who 's on KP duty ? Sergeant Spencer , but he should have been here an hour ago . Sergeant Spencer , you have KP duty , and you are late . ( EXHALlNG ) ( SlGHlNG ) Spencer , get your sorry ass out of bed ! You have KP duty ! I do not have time for this , Sergeant . Let 's go . Spencer ? What was wrong with the old schedule ? I 'm worried that we may be pushing them too hard . - It 's not boot camp . - No . In boot camp you have plenty of opportunity to learn from your mistakes . ( ON RADIO ) Colonel Young , this is Sergeant Greer . - Go ahead . - I 'm in Sergeant Spencer 's quarters . He did not show up for duty . I came by to check up on him . Greer , what is it ? GREER : He 's been shot , sir . He 's dead . When did it happen ? Rigor 's set in pretty good , but not completely , so I 'd guess an hour either side of 0200 . And no one heard the shot ? He chose to have his quarters away from everybody else . Based on the blood splatter on the wall and the position of the body , I 'd say he was sitting on the edge of the bed . Suicide ? - Well ... - Why was he even allowed access to a gun ? He was a highly trained NCO ... No , he was unstable , - and you know it . - ... with duties that required - him to be armed . - lt was required of him ? - Yes . - GREER : Excuse me , ma 'am ? You know , I have said it from day one that ... It wasn 't suicide . - What are you talking about ? - Do you see a gun ? It was gone when I got here . I checked the whole compartment . Whoever did this took the weapon with them . So , any suspects ? Well , excuse me for being blunt , but there is a killer onboard the ship . - Do we have any idea who did this ? - YOUNG : I don 't know . I 'm still trying to wrap my head around it . - It 's unbelievable . - RUSH : Is it ? You put ordinary people under enough stress , I think you 'll find they 're capable of just about anything . Add to that the fact he was hoarding water and food , involved in several confrontations . I doubt you 'll find many tears shed over this man . He was one of our own , Rush . I 'm sorry , Lieutenant , was he your friend ? Did he , in fact , have one single friend aboard this ship ? James hung out with him . She tolerated him . All right , so no one could stand the guy . Does not make it okay . I didn 't mean to suggest that it did . What I do suggest , however , is that Colonel Young , you should try and find out who this killer is as quickly as possible . ( lNDlSTlNCT MUTTERlNG ) As I am sure many of you have already heard , Sergeant Spencer was killed last night . He signed the weapon out of the equipment lock-up yesterday , and the 9mm handgun was not returned and is still missing . YOUNG : I 'm aware of how extremely disturbing this is for all of us , so this is what we 're going to do . Lieutenant Scott , Eli , Mr. Brody , Lieutenant James , and Dr. Park were together playing cards in the mess at the time of the murder . They can all corroborate each others ' stories , which gives them an alibi . ( CREW MUTTERlNG angrily ) Hey , I was in the Control Room all night . CAlNE : I was in the hydroponics lab . fisher : Check the Kino footage ! YOUNG : Listen , I 'm sure others will have alibis , but some of us won 't . I can tell you for a fact that I was in my bunk , sleeping , at the time , but I can 't prove that , and that makes me as much of a suspect as anyone . That is why I am turning over full control of the investigation . Lieutenant ... All right . We are going to do a room-by-room search , starting with quarters , until the weapon is found . Now , everyone needs to stay here until that search is complete , - but in the meantime ... - You are not searching my room without me there . Anybody who wants to be there when their room is being searched can come along when their name is called . That fair ? Okay , Dr. Franklin , you can be first . Who else would like to be present when their ... All right , okay , it 'll take all day that way , but we can do two at a time . If that 's what you want . You two , follow me . ( CREW MUTTERlNG ) All right , Dr. Franklin , stay near the hatch , please . Guess I should be thankful there 's no cavity search . That can be arranged , Franklin . ELl : Hey , we don 't like this any more than you do . Right . Yeah , there 's nothing here . You can just stay here now until the all-clear . You know , Lieutenant , I understand the need for a thorough investigation , check all possibilities , but you shouldn 't lose sight of the obvious . - What are you talking about ? - Sergeant Greer has to be your number one suspect . So , he killed Spencer , ran away to hide the gun , then went back and called it in ? Besides , if he did do it , you 'd have no evidence at all . - Not helping your argument ... - I 'm just saying , he 's one of the few people we can eliminate as a suspect . RUSH : ( ON RADIO ) Colonel Young , come in . What is it ? I 've found some new information regarding the Ancient chair interface . YOUNG : Have they checked your quarters ? Well , I don 't know , actually . I 've got work to do . - Where are you ? - The Control Interface Room . Look , I 've come across some very interesting data ... You 're supposed to be here , waiting , with the rest of us . Colonel , obviously neither one of us has anything to do with this business . Well , that 's not the point ... RUSH : I thought while this was going on , it might give us the opportunity to keep working . Obviously , I was wrong . Rush out . Rush , get your ass back to the Gate Room . Rush ! ( ON RADIO ) Colonel Young , this is Scott , come in . Go ahead , Lieutenant . You 're up , sir . Do you want to be here , or ... YOUNG : No , no , you go ahead . I 'II wait here . All right , there 's obviously nothing here . Let 's move on . Eli , come on . Uh ... What is it ? Colonel , this is Scott . I need you to get down here right away . Where was it ? - ell : In the air vent . - The vent . That 's imaginative . I didn 't mean to look that hard . That 's okay . I was the one who authorized the search . Right . You don 't believe I put it there , do you ? No , sir . Of course not . - Somebody 's trying to frame me , Eli . - Right . SCOTT : Right , so this is what I 've been thinking . We say that we found it in a storage room . Only the person who hid it in there will know any better . Maybe we can smoke them out that way . Uh ... Are we sure that that 's a good idea ? He did not kill Spencer , Eli ! - I 'm not saying that he did ... - Look , this is obviously someone trying to undermine the Colonel 's authority . - We cannot let that happen . - Eli 's right . I want you to take this gun to Wray , tell her where and how you found it . Leave nothing out . She 'll know what to do . - Sir ? - I can 't investigate myself , Lieutenant , and you can 't be asked to investigate your immediate superior officer . That leaves Wray . We got to play this by the book . With all due respect , sir , if the book covers this , I missed it . Lieutenant , I need you to listen to me . Something 's going on here . If we get caught in a lie now , this is going to turn into a bigger mess than it already is , right ? So I need everything above board , out in the open . That is an order . RUSH : Well , this looks bad . SCOTT : It doesn 't prove anything . WRAY : That 's not the point . This is a question of morale . A lot of people onboard are going to have doubts . Eli , you were flying a Kino in everyone 's face last night . Just until the poker game , then ... Then I put it in search mode . Well , maybe it caught something . Something that might indicate that Colonel Young had nothing to do with this . Or that he did . ( SCOFFS ) I find that hard to believe . Have you contacted Earth yet ? I was just about to use the communication stones . Well , whatever your superiors advise , we are on our own out here . Best we handle this ourselves . Thanks for coming . I need a favor . Obviously , you 've heard about what 's been going on . It 's pretty hard to miss . I didn 't do it . Okay . Unfortunately , it looks like I 'm going to have to clear my name before I can find out who did . I don 't understand . Wray used the stones ... Please ... To talk to her loa superiors . She came back authorized to hold an evidentiary hearing on the matter . That doesn 't sound so bad . Don 't kid yourself . She 's going to come after me . - Why ? - Well , the loa 's been chomping at the bit to have one of their own in charge . This is the best shot they 've got . Well , you could talk to General O 'Neill . Miss Armstrong , I could stay in charge without having to run to General O 'Neill if that 's what I wanted to do . This is about more than that . The point is , if she 's going to be the de facto prosecutor , I 'm going to need a defense . So ... - Me ? - You went to Harvard . - Political Science . - This is more politics than law . I would think Lieutenant Scott , or ... I don 't want it to seem like the military against the civilians . Please . Doctor , have you ever seen Colonel Young attack one of his own men before ? I wouldn 't call it an attack . He was defending me . Have you ever seen Colonel Young have any kind of physical confrontation - with one of his men ? - No . But I 'm not military . WRAY : You did serve at Icarus Base for a period of six months , which was under his command . Look , Spencer was out of control . He had to do something . Did he ? VOLKER : I was in the Control Room running a test . Colonel Young and Dr. Rush were ... Were talking . I don 't think they realized that I could hear them . WRAY : And what were they saying ? Colonel Young was complaining about Sergeant Spencer . Said that he had gotten out of hand , and if the situation didn 't improve , he might have to take drastic measures . But you have no way of knowing what he meant by that , do you ? Assuming you heard correctly . No , not at the time , I didn 't . I don 't remember the exact details of the conversation . WRAY : But you do remember speaking with Colonel Young about Sergeant Spencer ? Well , the Colonel was doing most of the talking . I think he just wanted to let off steam . Do you remember him saying that if things didn 't improve , he was going to have to take drastic action ? I 'm not sure he used those exact words . Do you agree that Sergeant Spencer was a disruptive force , that his attitude was damaging to morale and was only getting worse ? Yes . Then would you say that his removal from the situation has been a net benefit or a detriment ? I know what you 're trying to do . You want me to suggest that we 're better off without him , and therefore imply that Colonel Young may have drawn the same conclusion . That as commander he may have believed he had no choice . Well ? Well , that would be pure speculation , and I 'm having none of it . Didn 't stop him from saying it out loud , did it ? Are you sure there 's nothing in the Kino footage ? I 've confirmed alibis for half a dozen or so people , but I haven 't found anything that helps the Colonel . You found an empty bottle of sleeping pills in Sergeant Spencer 's quarters , didn 't you ? - Yes . - Did you know he was taking them ? I wish I had . I might have been able to help him . You 're suggesting that he had a dependence , and as a result , that he was suffering from withdrawal ? It would explain a lot of things . But you don 't know that for a fact . - No . - CHLOE : Hypothetically , if he was suffering from withdrawal , it could have caused him anxiety , - depression , even suicidal tendencies . - Yes . In fact , all the physical evidence ... The blood spatter , the angle of the wound , the position of the body , it was all consistent with suicide . - Yes . - But you 're not a forensic scientist . No , but I 've seen gunshot suicides before . And in those cases was the gun ever absent when the body was found ? No , but it 's obvious that someone planted ... It 's not up to you to speculate ... Isn 't it true , Lieutenant , that if we were on Earth , there is a simple test you could do to determine if Sergeant Spencer had fired that gun ? I suppose we could test his hand for powder residue , and properly test the weapon for fingerprints , but we don 't have the necessary equipment onboard . Is it possible that a forensic scientist from Earth , say , using the communication stones , might have been helpful , even without the special equipment you 're talking about ? - Ms . Wray ... - lf we hadn 't handled the weapon or contaminated the crime scene ... Yeah , but whose decision was it to have us investigate this ourselves ? Ms. Wray , I think it was my turn to ask questions . What are you doing ? I 'm taking my turn , as we agreed . Lieutenant , would a proper autopsy be able to determine if he was in fact suffering from withdrawal ? - Yes . - CHLOE : Expert or no expert , without any actual forensic equipment or facilities , is it possible to know for certain what really happened ? I don 't think so . I think it 's time that we take a short recess . We 'll resume in an hour . Thank you . ( PEOPLE chatting ) I need to talk to you , now . What was that ? We 're trying to get to the truth here . I don 't think that 's even possible . We can 't afford to have an unsolved murder hanging over our heads . So forget about the possibility that the Colonel is being framed and just get this over with ? I don 't think Colonel Young is so far above reproach as you seem to think he is . Oh , well , you 're the Human Resources person . You would know all about that . In fact , you probably know more about every person on this ship than anyone . If we 're throwing due process out the window , who do you think did it ? We 'll just go with that . PARK : You don 't think he really did it . fisher : I 'm not so sure what to think anymore . VOLKER : Spencer was a menace , though , we all know it . I mean , maybe it 's just like Rush said , maybe he thought he had no other choice . PARK : No , that 's crazy . CAlNE : Well , let 's face it , how well do any of us really know the man ? She wants to gather all the evidence she can , and then put it to a vote . What , like a jury ? CHLOE : No , everyone . I say we end this right now . I say we go in there , tell them that the party 's over , and get back to work ! Who 's with me ? All right , take it easy , Greer . This is mob rule . - Sergeant ... - Lieutenant . This is what they used to do to guys like me for looking at white women the wrong way . Now , you think I 'm going to hang back and let this go ? - Am I interrupting something ? - No , sir . At ease . This has gone on long enough , Colonel . We 're ready to back your play . - That won 't be necessary . - Sir ? Ms. Wray and I have already come to an agreement . She 's going to close the investigation for lack of evidence against me . I , in return , will be stepping down . From this moment on , she is in command . I hear congratulations are in order . Really ? I was just wondering what I 've gotten myself into . RUSH : An opportunity to do things differently , perhaps ? What do you want , Nicholas ? Control over my science team , including Eli . But you report to me . - Of course . - That 's it ? You sound surprised . This is it ? - This is it . - Not very impressive . I mean , as far as chairs go . Well , time will tell , I suppose . So you sit in the chair , and it downloads the secrets of the universe into your head ? And then you die . Not necessarily , Eli . Every time it 's ever been tried , this close to death . franklin : Who 's tried it ? RUSH : General O 'Neill , for one . - And he survived . - We don 't have little gray aliens - to set things right this time . - RUSH : No , we don 't , but this is an earlier model of that same device , possibly a prototype , built very early in their evolution . In my experience , the 1.0 version 's usually the most buggy . It 's also the simplest . Maybe it 's really simple . Maybe it just tells you how to fly the ship . Well , I 'm sure it 's a bit more than that , but your point is well made . It 's knowledge of this ship we need . If we 're to survive , or , for that matter , get back to Earth one day , then I 'm convinced that this chair is the only way to do that . Maybe there 's a way of choosing what information gets downloaded . Or maybe it 's just a matter of slowing down the download so it can be cut off . There 's only one way to find out . This is our priority now . ( SlGHlNG ) I don 't get it . If Wray admits that there 's not enough evidence against you ... Well , there may not be enough to convict , but there 's plenty to cast doubt . If I force the issue , we risk dividing the crew . We can 't afford that . - These people need a real leader . - Whether they like it or not ? - Maybe . - Lieutenant , nobody signed up for this , and I can 't just assume they 're going to follow my orders , and I can 't rule the ship by force . I mean , I won 't . All right . You tell us that Wray is in charge , that is fine , but as far as me , and Tamara , and the enlisted personnel are concerned , you are still our commanding officer , and nothing is going to change that . Still here ? Yeah , I got stuck with the late shift . How 's it coming ? ( SlGHlNG ) It 's not . We 've run every Ancient systems diagnostic we 've got . Nothing . Rush is trying to write a new program , but it seems like this thing is designed to prevent any kind of access except through the chair itself . Which would prevent an alien species who doesn 't happen to share Ancient physiology from trying to hack in , I guess . Maybe Rush is right . Maybe we 're close enough for it to work . Believe me , if Rush thought it was safe , he 'd be sitting there right now . Yeah . Maybe . You should get some rest . Nah . Rush is due to relieve me at 2300 . If I wasn 't here , I 'd never hear the end of it . Maybe you could go to the mess and get me some of Becker 's alien mashed potatoes ? - Really ? - I 'm starving . Okay . You got it . ( SlGHlNG ) ( ON RADIO ) This is eli ! Anybody on this channel ? I need help ! Eli , this is Young . What is it ? I have a medical emergency . I need help now ! - What 's going on ? - I don 't know , yet . ELl : Hang on . ( SHUDDERlNG ) What happened ? How long 's he been in here ? I went to the mess for five minutes , and when I got back , he was already in the chair . Well , the convulsions have stopped , but he 's completely unresponsive . He 's basically in a deep catatonic state . Is there anything you can do for him ? We could try a high dose of lorazepam , see if it 'll bring him out of it , - but I 'm flying blind here . - Do it . Yes , ma 'am . How is he ? YOUNG : You just couldn 't wait , could you ? Anyone who had access to that room was under strict orders not to sit in that chair . - You knew the temptation was there . - We were there to analyze . You made sure of it by telling them it was our only chance . To determine the feasibility of accessing the information ... - You wanted somebody there ... - ... without risking anyone 's life ! ... because you didn 't have the guts to do it yourself ! Both of you , stop ! It was under my authority , so ultimately , it 's my responsibility . I know . All right , we need to talk . You 've got those things running day and night , all over the dang ship , and you are telling me not one of them saw something . - No ! - Anything out of the ordinary . No . I 've been over it twice . There 's nothing there . - Look again . - Matt ... He was framed , Eli . We are going to find out by who , and we 're going to put a stop to it . Okay . ( ON RADIO ) This is Brody in the Gate Room . Go ahead . We have an active gate and we sent through a Kino . Atmosphere is nominal . Temperature is in the green . - We 're good to go . - I 'll be there in a minute . Sergeant Greer . Ma 'am , may I have a moment of your time ? I have to get down to the Gate Room . We 're ready to send a team to the next planet . That 's actually what I wanted to talk to you about . I notice that myself and a few other Marines were taken off the away team duty list . - Yes . - May I ask why ? Call it a temporary adjustment . You thought it was me who killed Spencer at first , didn 't you ? You were a valid suspect . If you can 't deal with that , it 's your problem , not mine . Now , get out of my way . Yes , ma 'am . But I 'm not going anywhere . WRAY : All right , it doesn 't look like there 's much vegetation around the gate , so you may have to widen your search . Lieutenant James and Airman Rennie will be providing security , but you 're in charge . Congratulations . Yay . - Okay , what ? - I 'm sorry . I should have caught it . - What ? - You have to look close . There 's nothing there . Look at the time codes . They don 't match . SCOTT : So , wait , wait , wait . What 's that ? ELl : That is a deletion . I wouldn 't have even noticed it , except it caused a minor glitch in the code . It 's from the exact time that Spencer was shot . So the Kino did pick up something . It must have . Okay , but if it 's deleted , how does that help us ? Because whoever did this was good , but not good enough . What ... What they couldn 't have known is that I always back up the last two days of footage on my hard drive . - Why ? - My documentary . I have to download it to my computer before I can edit it . If there 's an Ancient version of iMovie in the database , I haven 't found it . There . Colonel Young , go to Channel Two . YOUNG : What is it , Lieutenant ? I 've got something you need to see . ( GROANlNG ) God . I tell you , if I could change one thing about the day we escaped from Icarus , I would 've worn better shoes . Really ? Those are nice shoes . VOLKER : Seriously , how much longer do we have to keep this up ? There 's obviously nothing here . - What ? - Spoke too soon . An alien ship ? Are you sure ? That 's what he said . RUSH : How long till we jump ? Just over two hours . I 'm on my way . - YOUNG : I was just coming to get you . - Not now . I have to get to the planet . YOUNG : It can wait . Look , they found the remains of a crashed alien ship . There 's very little time before we jump back to FTL . It can wait . SPENCER : ( ON MONITOR ) It 's been about a week since I ran out ofpills . Haven 't slept much since . I can ' t think . Everything 's ... I don ' t know . These people don ' t even realize they 're inside a big , floating coffin . I wish I could come up with something better to say . I 'm sorry . ( GUNSHOT ) The Kino kept recording , but the file must have gotten corrupted in the transfer . This was all I could get . Well , the point is , it wasn 't there when Greer found the body , so we know someone took it , along with the gun . Who would have the skills to delete the file from the mainframe ? It 's not that hard , really . Anyone with a basic knowledge of the ship 's computer . At least a dozen people , if not more . ( CLEARS THROAT ) Colonel , I 'm sorry . I ... I don 't know what to say . Obviously , we need to rethink our situation . Obviously . We should recall the team from the planet ... No , no , we can 't do that . In over a dozen planets we haven 't had a single indication of advanced technology up until now . This mess isn 't going anywhere . He 's right . This ship could be important . I 'm going , too . - lf you think it 's really ... - I 'm not asking permission . I 'm telling you . Let 's go . Well , it 's not Ancient . That much we 've figured out . The material , the design , it 's completely different . It 's not emitting any radiation or EM fields . It 's basically dead . Have you been inside ? We 've located what looks like a hatch , but we haven 't figured out how to get in . We probably have to cut it open . Well , how much time would that take ? More than we have . We 're pushing it as it is . Lieutenant , let 's pack it up . JONES : Yes , sir . No , just give me a couple of more minutes . YOUNG : A few minutes is going to make a difference ? Well , it might . All right . I 'm willing to push it , if you are . Take your team and head back to the gate . - Are you sure ? - Yeah , we 'll be right behind . Whatever you say . You know , Volker was right . This is unlike any other kind of alien technology we 've encountered before . If they 're indigenous to this part of the universe , they might be willing to trade . Knowledge , information ... There has to be a way in . I know it was you . I 'm sorry ? The files were not corrupted . Kino kept recording until you came into the room . So , let 's hear it . Let 's hear how you lie your way out of this one . I heard the shot , I went to investigate , and I found him . And then you decided to frame me for murder . That 's a bit melodramatic . Nah . I knew there wouldn 't be any real evidence against you . The idea was to create just enough doubt to get you to step aside . I see . That was the idea . Well , you 're the wrong man for the job , Colonel . I 'm sorry to have to be the one to say it , but I think you know it 's true . Do I ? You don 't believe in the mission . You resigned your position as SG leader because you didn 't want to make the hard decisions . The life and death decisions . Well , that makes you a liability . I 'm not proud of what I did , but I did it for the benefit of everyone onboard . The end justifies the means ? Yeah , something like that . Are we done ? We 'll never be done . We shouldn 't have left them there . - What ? So we could get stuck there , too ? - No one is stuck ! Not yet . How much time ? Twenty seconds . - SCOTT : Colonel ? - Where 's Rush ? He didn 't make it . YOUNG : So , we just stayed too long . On the way back , Rush tripped himself up , started a rock slide ... I was ahead , but I just ... I barely made it through . I just wanted you to know , Colonel , that I 've informed the crew of the new evidence that 's come to light . Since you 've been completely exonerated , obviously you should resume your duties - as commander . - JOHANSEN : Tomorrow . You need to rest . She can be in charge one more day . Thanks . Eli , shut the door . The rest of the Kino footage ? Even Scott didn 't see it . I want you to make a copy for me , put it on this , and then delete it from your hard drive . Okay . Anything else ? No . English - US - SDH
