 RUSH : Destiny . The design is clearly Ancient . Launched hundreds of thousands of years ago . SCOTT : Where the hell are we ? Several billion light years from home . We are on a ship , but we have no idea where we are in relation to Earth . RUSH : This ship could be the most important discovery mankind has made since the stargate itself . YOUNG : These are the wrong people in the wrong place . SCOTT : I 've got a Iot of wounded . We need to get home . RUSH : We barely ha ve enough power to operate the main systems . This ship simply doesn 't have the capability to dial Earth . Looks like we entered the Hoth system . Minus 47 degrees Celsius . GREER : Ooh ! Nasty planet . How are we going to cut the ice ? Plasma cutter . Should cut through the ice like butter . It 's Dr. Rush . What 's your status ? YOUNG : We got pure ice . We should be able to break it up into manageable pieces and haul it back . SCOTT : Secure the perimeter . Welcome to the jungle . Okay , let 's get to work ! So , your first alien planet . Everything you expected ? More ? Less ? We saw what it was gonna be like on the Kino . True . But it is nice to get off the ship , get some fresh air . Even if it is a bit sticky . So you 're not nervous at all ? Afraid some giant alien insect is going to come out and bite you ? Sorry . I 'm sure it 's perfectly safe . Everyone has to pitch in and do their share . SCOTT : including you , Eli . What ? I need a break . So hot . All you 're doing is standing there . Making sure nothing crawls up your ass . And I appreciate that . CHLOE : ( laughing ) Stop it . ( indistinct chattering ) - ell : So , how 's it going ? - Good . - ell : Digging ? - Yep . ELl : You doing okay ? In general ? I 'm fine . ELl : Good . Good . That 's excellent . ( JOHANSEN AND SPENCER laughing ) - What 's so funny ? - Oh , nothing . No , no , seriously . You 're laughing pretty hard . Come on , tell me . Why won 't you tell me ? It 's about me , isn 't it ? T.J. CHLOE : How are we supposed to know what 's safe to eat ? JOHANSEN : We can 't know for sure . ELl : What 's that saying ? A starving man ... ( COUGHS ) Well , maybe it wasn 't ripe . - Try it . - Oh , no . No , thanks . You just exposed yourself now . - Come on , seriously ? - Yeah . If you had a reaction , we wouldn 't know which one caused it . Volker just puked . Have you eaten anything here ? - Eli ! - ell : Mmm ? Oh , sorry . Sorry . Are you staying hydrated ? Okay , what about any numbness , or how 's your vision ? No , it 's ... My head 's pounding , and my neck 's a little ... Oh ! We should get him back to the ship . Eli , dial back . SCOTT : Hey , hey , hey , hey , hey ... I don 't know , I just started feeling dizzy . It came on pretty fast . It feels like you 're running a temperature . I thought it was just the heat . JOHANSEN : Is your neck bothering you ? CHLOE : Yeah , it just started . Stiff at the back , mostly . - SCOTT : Eli . - Right , I 'm on it . SCOTT : Okay , guys , listen up ! Get your stuff , we 're bugging out ! JOHANSEN : Wait , wait , wait . We can 't leave . If it 's something that they got here , it could be contagious . SCOTT : So , what are we supposed to do ? We have 36 hours before the Destiny leaves . For the sake of everyone else on board , - I say we wait . - SCOTT : Here ? For what ? At least for a little while . Just see how this plays out . It could be anything , really , a virus , a bacteria . There 's no way to know if it 's airborne . YOUNG : You 've only been there three hours . I know . If it 's something they picked up locally , then the progression is unfolding quickly . Sir , until we know more , I 'm recommending that we don 't return to the Destiny with anything that might be contagious . YOUNG : Roger that . Let us know if anyone on board is exhibiting similar symptoms . At least that way we 'll know for sure if it has nothing to do with this planet . YOUNG : Will do . Check in every hour regardless . - SCOTT : Copy that . - Young out . ( LOUD music playing ) SCOTT : Shut it off , Greer . ( music switches OFF ) RUSH : You must have some suspicions . I 've seen you giving them shots . JOHANSEN : I started them both on high doses of antibiotics . I hate to waste it , but given the symptoms of headache , fever and neck pain , it 's better to be safe than sorry . Okay , so what is it , bacterial meningitis ? I don 't know , but if it turns out that 's what it is , and I haven 't done anything , they could die quickly . You don 't know . You 're using up our antibiotics on a hunch ? - Yes , that was my judgment call . - That 's great . ELl : I thought you said it wasn 't far . SCOTT : It 's not . - You doing okay ? - Yeah , fine . GREER : Over here . ELl : Whoa ! What is that smell ? RUSH : It 's sulfur . ELl : I 'd hate to see the ants who made those . ELl : Hey , hey , hello ! What are you doing ? Haven 't you seen alien ? You think this is what 's making people sick ? ( COUGHS ) I don 't know . They make chemical weapons from this stuff . RUSH : Yeah , I know , but we don 't know the exact compound or concentration . - Well , there 's more over here . - No , no , it 's all right , I believe you . Look , I 'm just saying . I know she doesn 't want to make anybody else on the ship sick , but what if us staying here is going to kill us ? Well , this couldn 't get much worse . I 'm afraid that 's a failure of imagination . ( THUNDER rumbling ) Top five desert island movies . What ? It 'll help pass the time . Okay , I 'll go first . Hackers . Obvious , I know . The Matrix . old School . You got to have something to make you laugh , right ? If trilogies count as one , then all three original Star Wars , but if only one , then Empire . That 's four . Man , this is hard . I could pick so many . Maybe it should be top 10 ... SCOTT : T.J. ! JOHANSEN : Yeah ? Good Will Hunting has got - to be there somewhere . - SCOTT : James is not doing well . JOHANSEN : Where is she ? RUSH : How many does that make now ? That 's Chloe , Volker , Marsden and Franklin . Now James , too . - Wait a minute . Let me look at your eyes . - SCOTT : No , I 'm fine . No , you 're not . You need a shot , too . ( CREATURES screeching ) ( PEOPLE screaming ) Dial out ! Dial the gate ! RUSH : Destiny , come in . If you can hear me , please respond ! - What 's wrong ? - I don 't know ! - Why is it doing that ? - GREER : We 've got to get out of here ! - RUSH : We can 't ! - Why is it doing that ? ( PEOPLE screaming ) ( CHLOE groaning ) ( GAGS ) ( RETCHES ) Okay , what the ... Hey , did you guys hear ? VOLKER : Yeah , there was a Kino already there ? How is that possible ? We dropped out of FTL , the gate dialed , then we sent a Kino to check out the planet . They go through , and there 's another one already there lying on the ground not far from the gate . Hey , guys ? We only sent one Kino , right ? Turns out the databank was full . Looks like the databank is full . Well , what 's on it ? JAMES : Us . What do you mean , " us " ? They 're watching the recording now , but I heard that a bunch of us are on it . Doing what ? Going through the gate to the planet to gather food . Then apparently , some people started getting sick . I think that I was one of them . But that didn 't happen . Obviously . You 're fine , right ? Apparently , they found human remains , too . It 's weird , huh ? - You okay ? - Yeah , it just hit me . - Are you sure you 're okay otherwise ? - Yeah . - Pretty understandable . - Not to me . - I was talking about the barfing . - I was moving on . How is this possible ? - I don 't know . - What about an alternate reality ? Sir , given the illness that developed on the planet , I suggest that we quarantine everyone who went through to retrieve this Kino . Scott , Greer , Eli and Rush . And everyone they came in contact with since returning . - Well , that 's all of us . - JOHANSEN : Here . I 'll have to coordinate on radio . Brody was also in the Gate Room when they got back . We were only there for , like , a half hour at most . That 's more than enough time to come in contact with a contagion . SCOTT : Wait a second . You 're worried because people got sick on this recording , which never happened . Well , we don 't know that . - What are you saying ? - RUSH : Well , that is clearly us . The recording happened , somehow . ELl : What do you think was wrong with the gate ? It looks like the wormhole connection was unstable . It would have been extremely dangerous to even attempt travel . Sir ? Go . So keep watching ? - CHLOE : Can you fast forward , please ? - Yeah . Chloe 's dead . James , Spencer , Marsden , Brody , all dead . Something 's wrong with the gate . Rush doesn 't think we can risk using it , even with what 's happened . We can 't reach Destiny on radio , either , so apparently we 're trapped here . There 's 22 hours until Destinyjumps back into FTL . The creatures seem to be nocturnal . They stopped coming once the sun came up . Hopefully , the gate will start working before it gets dark again . Apparently , we don 't have much ammunition left . RUSH : Eli , what are you doing ? ELl : Volker wasn 't killed by the creatures . T.J. says he died of the illness during the night . Everyone seems to be coming down - with symptoms at this point ... - RUSH : Eli ! ELl : Do I need to point out yet again that documenting this could be important ? See ? See ? ELI : Who do you think is ever gonna see that ? Us . Us ! We are ! - You look ridiculous . - ELI : It won 't fly . If someone hadn ' t shot it ... ELl : Scott was bitten by one of the creatures . He 's now in a coma . Eli , you okay ? ELl : ( CHUCKLES ) Compared to most everyone else . Don 't go too far . We are under quarantine . RUSH : EIi ! Sergeant Greer has found a cave nearby . It could be our best chance to survive another night if it comes down to that . We could use some help ! Good man . ELl : My turn . Oh , sorry . GREER : So , at least it 's a defensible position . - Our backs to the wall . - Better than being exposed on all sides . ELl : I have a lot of respect for people who do what you do . It 's not easy . I can tell it really affects you when you can 't help people . It does . ELl : My mom was a nurse . She got stuck by a needle trying to restrain a junkie in the ER . She got HIV . JOHANSEN : I 'm sorry . ELl : My father couldn 't handle it . He just ... He just left . - I was 14 at the time . - That must have been hard on you . ELl : Do you have a family ? My parents . My dad 's retired . - ell : ( CHUCKLES ) What did he do ? - He was a tailor . He 's actually the one who taught me how to do stitches . I remember this one time he cut himself pretty badly with some scissors , and he sewed it up himself and kept right on working . ELl : Brothers or sisters ? A sister . She has two kids . I miss them . ELl : I 'm really afraid that my mom 's just gonna give up if I die out here . ELl : I remember as a kid , I was , I don 't know , maybe seven or eight , my grandfather died , and my parents took me to the funeral . Watching his casket getting lowered into the ground , it was the first time that I realized I was going to die one day . I mean , I knew people died . I 'm talking about the idea that my consciousness was going to end . I wasn 't going to see what happened to the world . I ... It was such an empty , dark feeling , like I was falling down a pitch-black hole . It was ... Scared the crap out ofme . I take it you don ' t believe in the afterlife . ELI : That fear was almost too much to handle . I guess maybe I thought I 'd just get used to it . - But you don 't . - ell : No . No , it scared me just as much every time . RUSH : Most people realize their own mortality at some stage of the game , EIi . It 's not a particularly unique experience . ELI : I know . The question is , did it change you ? Did it inspire you to make something of this short existence that we have ? ELl : Well , I 'm here , aren 't I ? Of course , the Ancients evolved to a point where their physical bodies were no longer necessary , found a way for consciousness to become immortal . ELl : You really think that 's possible ? I know it is . Maybe not for you and me , but that idea , it 's the reason why I ended up here . ELl : So , you think if we learn enough , that somehow , somewhere out there we could discover how it 's done ? We have to make it through the day . Hey . You okay ? It didn 't happen . Well , it 's not clear what happened . I know I didn 't go to that planet and have all those people die under my watch . It wasn 't your fault , Sergeant . It didn 't look like there was anything you could have done differently . I am not interested in what did not happen . Sir . Regardless of how that recording came into existence , avoiding the issue is simple . We just don 't go back to that planet . Doesn 't bother you ? Like you said , it didn 't happen . Just a story , right ? I am curious to find out how it turns out , though . Not me . Whoa ! YOUNG : What just happened ? She started complaining that her head hurt , and she just dropped . It 's been three hours since we dropped out of FTL . That 's about the time people began to get sick on the planet in the recording . - SCOTT : T.J. ! - Yeah , over here . - SCOTT : T.J. ! - Yeah , over here . JOHANSEN : Right here . You said she just passed out ? I 've got four more cases . So far , everyone who went to the planet or came in contact with someone who did . Can it be contained ? I don 't know , but whatever it is , it 's extremely virulent . On the Kino recording , Eli said Volker died because of it . - How quickly ? - Within 12 hours . GREER : M4 Carbine . Hold the grip firmly , stock braced against your shoulder . It 's got a kick . Keep your finger off the trigger until you 're ready to kill whatever it is you 're pointing at . Short bursts . We don 't got much ammo . - Go ahead . - ell : You mean shoot for real ? That way . Okay ... Safety 's off . ELl : ( laughing ) Whoa ! Oh , man ! What happened to short bursts ? - ell : You sure they 're down there ? - Saw them go home last night . ELl : You really think this is a good idea ? The best defense is offense . - Fire in the hole . - ell : Yeah , literally . ELl : I hope we didn 't just piss them off . Okay . Oh ! ( CHUCKLES ) ( CREATURES SCREECH ) ELl : Okay , that 's disgusting . Come on . We got more of these things to hit . His pulse is very weak . ELl : Did using the other remote help ? We were able to get a connection , but the wormhole is still unstable . Nothing from Destiny on the radio . ELl : Well , is it broken , or is there a chance it could resolve by itself ? There are a number of things that could be causing temporary interference . ELl : Well , we have 1 1 hours until Destiny is supposed to jump back into FTL . There 's no way of telling how long it 's going to last . ELl : And I guess it would be crazy to try and go anyway . Look , we can 't assume that the gate is actually even connecting to Destiny . There 'd be very little chance of surviving an unstable wormhole . JOHANSEN : A fire would be nice . - I couldn 't find any dry wood . - Huh . Are they still watching the recording ? Yeah . I don 't know what to do . They just keep showing up , and I don 't have nearly enough antibiotics for all these people . It would help if I knew the cause . JOHANSEN : You 're not feeling good ? PARK : No . JOHANSEN : Let 's go slow . ELl : See anything ? RUSH : No . ELl : Good . Maybe we got them all today . ( THUNDER crashing ) ELl : Did you see that ? Did you see something ? I think I saw something ! GREER : If you see anything move out there , don 't ask , just shoot . ELl : Right . Right , okay . Hey . Hey , I think the batteries in this one are dead . The Kino has night vision . Why didn 't I turn it on ? Oh . Never mind . Oh , my ... ( GUN SHOTS ) GREER : Come on , come on ! Come on ! ( CREA TURES SHRIEKING ) I don 't think we 're going to make it . ELl : I 'm out ! Come on , come on , come on ! Give me ! Hey , hey ! Where are you going ? He 's crazy . You 're crazy ! You are . ELl : Come back ! Wait ! Son of a ... ( ell panting ) Wait ! Stop ! Someone 's got to try . Look , I 'll radio if I make it . You 'll know it 's safe . ELl : If ? But you said ... Hey , for a moment there , I thought we were in trouble . ELl : What ? " For a moment there , I thought we were in trouble " ? YOUNG : Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid . It 's Butch 's last line before he and Sundance run out to face the Bolivians . One of my favorites , too . Well , well , we do have something in common after all . Eli . ELl : Destiny ? Come in ! ( sighs ) GREER : You like that ? Come on ! ELl : Greer ! GREER : ( WHOOPS ) Come on , baby ! ( GREER screaming ) ( CREATURES SHRlEKlNG ) ( GREER continues screaming ) ELl : Oh , my God . Colonel Young . Dr. Rush . - RUSH : What is it ? - Some sort of microorganism . Something brought back from the planet ? Not the planet they just went to . The planet you and Scott went to , the ice planet . That was weeks ago . How do you know ? This is a sample of the water we 've been drinking , isn 't it ? When people outside the quarantine started coming down with symptoms I knew we needed to look for another common source . But we tested it at the time . At the time , we couldn 't see it . The microscope just wasn 't powerful enough , and the organism was just too small . Well , it isn 't now . It 's possible that a batch of water wasn 't purified properly and it contaminated the rest . YOUNG : So we 've all got it ? Well , everyone 's immune system is different . The time it takes for symptoms to emerge will vary . But once it 's strong enough to pass from the blood to the nervous system , it works fast , and the antibiotics won 't cut it . Well , for a moment there , I thought we were in trouble . ( GROANS ) Eli ! Eli ? Eli . ( GRUNTS ) Oh , my God ! Oh , my God ! ( SCOTT gasping ) ( SCOTT screaming ) ( crying ) It 's 45 minutes until Destiny jumps back into FTL . ( SOBS ) Everyone here is dead except me . I don 't remember much after we were attacked the first night . One of the creatures bit me , and I lost consciousness . I 'd been starting to feel sick , headache , pain in the back of the neck . The bite still hurts like a bitch , but everything else is better . The gate still doesn 't seem to be working . I can 't reach Destiny on the radio . I 'm hoping it 's just a communications problem and that everything else is okay up there . I 'm sending this through , and I 'm expecting that you will send some sort of a signal that it is safe to proceed . I will wait as long as I can , and then I 'll head through regardless . On my own , I likely won 't survive the night here . What just happened ? It went back in time . - What are you doing ? - Making sure it hasn 't happened yet . What hasn 't happened yet ? RUSH : A solar flare . It 's the only explanation . If a wormhole 's trajectory takes it too close to a star and it passes through an active solar flare , it can cause it to move forwards or backwards in time . In some cases , the wormhole can actually loop back around and connect to the same gate in a different time . In this case , the past . Whoa , whoa ! Okay , this is making my brain hurt . Oh , my God . Back to the Future . How can I not put that on my list ? The " us " on that recording dropped out of FTL and went to the planet . Sometime later , a solar flare occurred preventing normal gate travel . So Scott thought that he was sending the Kino back to the Destiny , but he was actually sending it back to the planet but in the past . God , that is so weird to think that was really us on the Kino . RUSH : Us in a previous unaltered timeline , modified now by the introduction of the Kino from the future . ( THUNDER crashing ) Why are we dialing the gate back there ? As I said , to make sure the solar flare that disrupted gate travel hasn 't happened yet . Thankfully , it hasn 't . Yeah , but why do we care about that ? Because I think we might have to go back there . I 'd been starting to feel sick , headache , pain in the back of the neck . The bite still hurts like a bitch , but everything else is better . It 's possible , I guess . The venoms of various animals , snakes , spiders , scorpions , they 've all been tested for their antibiotic properties . Wait , you 're saying that thing that bit me can actually cure - what 's making everybody sick ? - You fell into a coma . It obviously releases some sort of venom when it bites . You apparently survived , said you were feeling better . But you were just guessing and those things were ... Well ... Based on this video , people are going to die from this infection and quickly . I know it seems like a wild stab in the dark , but I don 't know what else to do . YOUNG : We 've all been exposed , so it 's just a matter of time before we all get it , right ? I 'll go , sir . Not by yourself , you won 't . We don 't need liabilities , Scott . Well , I 'm good to go , sir . ELl : Getting Kino visuals . It 's nighttime and ... Oh , hey , surprise , surprise , it 's raining . Which means those things will probably be out . GREER : That 's too bad . They were easy pickings when they were sleeping in their nests during the day . YOUNG : Well , we can 't wait . ELl : According to the time stamp on the recording , you have an hour until the first team lost contact - because of the solar flare . - Forty-five minutes , to be safe . How many do you think we 'll need ? Hopefully , a small dosage of the venom will do it . - Dead or alive ? - Alive , preferably . I can 't exactly anticipate the physiology . Not much time . Good luck . What ? Her pulse is very weak . I just want you to be prepared . I 'm not sure she 's going to make it . Of course she is . We 're out of antibiotics . Why do people always wait until times like these to tell someone how they really feel ? It 's so stupid . I just ... Screw it . We haven 't known each other that long , but I think we make each other happy . When I 'm near you , things are just better . You don 't even know how amazing you are . It doesn 't matter . I 've never had a best friend before . Never . Never known anyone like that before , never loved ... I just ... I need to make sure that you know that I 'm here for you . Always will be . Please , don 't die . Eli , she 's gone . ( SOBS ) SPENCER : I don 't see anything ! SCOTT : They gotta be here somewhere . Colonel Young , this is Rush . Come in . I read you . Go ahead . - Checking in . - Nothing yet . It 's raining pretty hard . I 'm sorry to have to tell you we 've already lost four people . Drs. Franklin and Volker , Lieutenant James and Chloe . YOUNG : Copy that . Check in again in 10 minutes . Lieutenant . Lieutenant , we need you . Scott ! Scott ! We need you . ( distant CHlTTERlNG ) ( CREATURE screeching ) ( screaming ) ( screaming ) ( CREATURES SHRlEKlNG ) Colonel Young , come in , please . Colonel Young , do you read ? If you 've found this , it 's because a solar flare interfered with gate travel , and I managed to send this Kino back in time . All right , listen very carefully . There is a disease in the water we brought back from the ice planet . It is fatal , and we have all been drinking it , but there is hope . There 's a creature that lives on this planet , lots of them , actually , that could hold the key to saving you . In small doses , their venom actually cures the disease , but be very careful . They 're deadly . They 're also nocturnal . They only come out at night . You can get them during the day while they 're asleep in their nests , and they 're not far from the gate . ( SQUEALlNG ) Come on ! Please believe me . You don 't have much time . Act now , or you are all going to die . English - US - SDH
