 All I know about the temple is that you blew 10 innocent people to pieces . Yeah . It might be hard for you to believe , but we all feel sick about it . It 's tragic . There 's no other word for it . The Centurions overreacted . But I think if you 're honest with yourself , you 'll admit that the shooting wasn 't entirely our fault . That 's bullcrap . We have always left your temple alone . Never dreamed of sending Centurions there until someone decided to hide weapons in it . We didn 't shoot those people , you did . True . I accept full responsibility for that . But bringing instruments of death into a house of worship is a sin . Don 't you agree ? Think about it , James . Whoever hid those weapons in there must 've known we 'd catch wind of it . Maybe they even leaked the information to us , maybe they wanted it to happen . Why ? Because some people are afraid of peace . Afraid to stop fighting , afraid of what they might be without it . But you 're not one of those people , are you , James ? You 'd like to put all this bloodshed behind you . Get a place of your own one day , a farm , maybe . A wife , kids , a life . Well , who wouldn 't ? Well , it 's not impossible . It could happen . It could happen for you , for me , for all of us . How ? Individuals like you and I have to be brave enough to demonstrate that there 's a better way . Others are already doing it . That juice comes from farms right here on New Caprica , where Cylons and humans are working together , growing things instead of killing each other . The power grid 's almost complete , so is the water system , thanks to your engineering teams and ours . And when we can finally have human beings policing the streets instead of Centurions , we will ... So that 's what all this is about ? You want me to join the New Caprica Police ? That 's never going to happen . I 'm not a frakking collaborator . I 'm not asking you to be . All I 'm asking is that you help me prevent another tragedy like the temple shooting . And why am I supposed to do that ? Show this at the gate , they 'll let you in to see me right away . If you hear of anything that might lead to more bloodshed , get hold of me . Maybe the two of us can find a way to stop more innocent people from being killed .
