 We 're not a threat , We 're salvation , The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 : You disappeared . Any idea where you 've been ? - Everywhere . - You won 't feel anything , I promise . I saw the catastrophe and I know what we have to do to stop it . My life , my future , it 's tied up with the 4400 . - Kyle 's leaving , - Kyle , what are you doing ? Got a job . I 'm gonna travel around the country for a while . - You 're gonna get married . - You happen to see who the guy was ? Maia , this is my friend , Ben . I heard a lot about you , young lady . You saw me getting married to my sister 's boyfriend ? Are all these people 4400s ? Well , some are and some just wish they were . Good morning . Welcome to the Center . Are you a 4400 ? No , sweetie . You here to take our seminar ? No . We 're here to look at the school . You sure you wanna do this ? I wanna meet kids like me . Thomas . What are you doing ? It 's 2 : 00 in the morning . I couldn 't sleep . Kyle left his stuff behind . He wanted me to throw it out . I figured I 'd look through it , see if you might wanna keep any of it you know , for when he comes home . Sorry I woke you up . - Are you sure you wanna do this ? - Shawn . Devon asked for this . She 's ready . Ever since I first showed up at the Center , this is what I 've wanted . This is why I came . Besides , if anything goes wrong , you 're here , right ? I 'm bringing you a message about a better future , It 's here . Now . This serum contains promicin , Everyone knows What that is , It 's the neurotransmitter that gives the 4400 their abilities , It 's here , now , This video went up on the lnternet six hours ago . We 've tried to suppress it , but it keeps showing up on new servers . With these shots , I 'm going to train my body to produce promicin , Doesn 't that woman work for your nephew ? I am going to develop a 4400 ability , And so can you , An enormous government stockpile of promicin goes missing and a day later , an employee of the 4400 Center shows up on the lnternet giving herself a shot ? Collier doesn 't care if we come for him . - He thinks people will inject this ? - Oh , they are definitely curious . This video 's been downloaded almost a hundred thousand times already . By the end of the day , it 'll be up to 1 0 times that . Collier may look like some kind of prophet now , but the businessman inside him isn 't totally dead . The man still knows how to create a market for his product . These shots are going to be available everywhere , Soon , You 've been all through this place and I understand you searched my other real estate holdings as well . Yeah , the ones we know about . You haven 't found any promicin , nor will you . Your employees don 't seem to have any trouble finding the stuff . There 's one on the lnternet right now talking about the start of a new era . It 's a bold idea . I wish I 'd thought of it . Devon is a courageous girl . She 's always aspired to something higher . I 'm not surprised she made it happen . I 'd congratulate her . If I knew where she was . This isn 't just a plan . It 's a revolution . You realize that , don 't you ? Handing out promicin like candy changes everything , Shawn . Nobody will be able to enforce the law . It will be chaos . Nobody can predict what 's gonna happen once people everywhere start developing abilities . You need to tell us where he 's keeping that stuff . I don 't get you guys . All along , you 've been saying we 're on the same side no matter what our differences are , that our goals are the same , for things to change , get better . Now a man is back from the dead to show us how to get there and you two wanna stop him . You know what ? You can 't . Our phone lines have been jammed up all morning . People are dying to know how they can get their hands on the shot . So , what do you tell them ? I tell them that we have nothing to do with it and then I wish them good luck . If he 's the voice of moderation , we 're in a lot of trouble . Tom , I need a minute . There 's something I 've gotta do . And don 't forget about the decimal point . You just bring that above the divi- - Ms. Skouris , can I help you ? Yeah , I need my daughter . We 're going . - -4400 their abilities , With these shots , I 'm going to train my body to produce promicin , - I am going to develop a 4400 ability , - Dennis . We need to move against Collier now . These shots are going to be available , How are we supposed to stop the 4400 if we just sit back and let everyone have a chance to become one ? If Collier puts this promicin out on the street , he 'll be doing our work for us . I 'm not leaving school . You can 't make me . I like it there . Sweetie , I told you the Center is involved in some bad stuff and you 're not safe there . I 'm not safe anywhere . At least I was happy there . But you don 't really care about that , do you ? Sweetie , I do care and we 'll work something out . We 'll go back to home schooling for a while . Home schooling sucks . Excuse me ? We 're not finished here , young lady . Ben ? I thought you were in London . Yeah , I didn 't go . This whole " time to think " thing isn 't working for me . I needed to see you . I 'm kind of in the middle of something here . I guess that can wait . Come on in . Is April still here ? No . She left . Stormed out , I guess you could say , but she only took half her stuff . Called her a few times . No luck . I wouldn 't call me back either . Look , I 'm sorry that things are bad with you guys . Honestly , I haven 't had much time to think about it . Maia 's not talking to me , everything 's blowing up at work . I have no idea how all this is gonna end . How about it ends happy ? I have a job offer in Spain . It 's long . Six months , maybe more . I 'm thinking of taking it . - You 're leaving . - Only if you come with me . You and Maia . Look , think about it . You 've given everything you 've had to this job for years . It 's time to let someone else pick up the cause . Better for you . Be better for Maia . I have thought about leaving . Just going someplace safe . Just never seemed possible . But it is . You have an option of walking away . It 's important you remember that . I 've been working on the video of Devon Woods making the rounds on the lnternet , isolated the audio , played up the background noise . That noise you 're hearing ? It 's a garbage truck moving in reverse . So wherever the tape was made , there was the garbage truck doing its rounds outside . Okay , well , that narrows it down , I mean , a little , but there must be dozens of neighborhoods scheduled for garbage collection last night . That is true , but ... Sound like a boat whistle . Ferry whistle , to be exact . So they 're near the water . They 're somewhere between Edmonds and Woodway . I checked it out . Those are the only blocks near the waterfront with garbage pickup scheduled for last night . I feel kind of weird . Is that normal ? Kevin went through the same thing . You 're lucky , actually . The promicin from Ryland 's company is pure . It 'll be easier for you . I wonder what ability I 'll get . I 'm sure it 'll be great . Close your eyes , okay ? Rest . How is she ? She 's fine . I think . She 's tired . It 's hard to believe it 's all starting , isn 't it ? Everything we 've worked for . It 's not hard for me . I 've believed in you all along . There 's a reason we were taken , a reason they woke you up . That 's incredible . You should be getting the Nobel Prize . Instead , we are hiding like criminals . It won 't be like this forever . Soon we 'll be heroes . Oh , my God ! Kevin . Call Shawn . Wait , it 's all right . It 's all right . Tess , hurry . This looks promising . It 's 351 6 Bay Street , two blocks west of Woodway . The municipal records indicate it 's unoccupied , but some offshore company pays the property tax . Sounds like one of Collier 's safe houses . Look at this . The utilities have just been turned on . Let 's go ring the bell , see who answers . It 's okay . It 's okay . - Kevin . - It 's okay . There are some men coming up to the house . They have guns . We have to go . - Shawn , we have to go . - No . Shawn , NTAC is right outside . We have to leave now . No , I am not leaving her . It 's okay . It 's okay . Devon ? Devon , you just look at me , okay , just keep looking . Go . Devon . Devon . Shawn . Shawn . Step away , Shawn . Keep your hands where everyone can see them , okay ? I couldn 't save her . It 's okay . Come here . Come on . She 's dead . It 's okay . Come here . Come on . It 's okay . How could this happen ? How could Devon die ? It makes no sense . Ryland 's giving that stuff to soldiers and then parading them around on national TV . Well , her body couldn 't handle it . - She died of a massive aneurysm . - Shawn , you 're in a lot of trouble here . And the people I work with , they believe you 're involved in a conspiracy to distribute promicin . So you need to talk to us . What were you doing at that safe house ? Who called you ? I 'm sorry about what happened to Devon . I am , but ... Got nothing to say . Devon wasn 't the first sacrifice the future has asked of us . She won 't be the last . We will honor her memory . We can do that later . NTAC has Shawn . It 's only a matter of time before they get the location from him . We need to destroy this stuff . Cut and run . Why ? If they wanna come , let them come . That 's why you have us here , right ? I admire your bravery . We may need it . But not yet . I tested Shawn to remind him of his loyalties . - He will not betray us . - His loyalties aren 't the issue . We 've seen it before . The government wants something , they 'll do whatever to get it . He will be tested . Yes , Richard . But he 'll endure . Long enough for us to begin distribution . Begin distribution ? Why would you wanna do that ? This killed Devon . Dosage problem . It has to be . The promicin from your daughter is different from what I 've been using . It 's too pure . Richard , look , we need people to develop abilities . If we stop now , they will paint us as murderers . If we keep going , we are murderers . Jordan , this is over . I 'm ending this . Mr. Tyler ? I don 't think you should do that . We are all under a lot of strain . Maybe you should just sit down for a while . Let 's get this cleaned up . We need to be ready to leave . Sweetie , do you wanna watch a movie ? You can pick . April . Hey . Hey . I came by to get my stuff . I packed it up for you . Is that new ? Yeah . A little gift to myself . I like it . Di , don 't pretend , okay ? I did it to remind myself who I am . I guess I wasn 't meant for that whole " settled " thing I was going for with Ben . I brought you something . Are you giving me a present ? Mom 's engagement ring . I gave that to you , April . I don 't have any use for it . Besides , I kind of owe you . I mean , don 't get me wrong , I 'm still pissed , but you saved me from being someone that I 'm not . Thank you . Just don 't invite me over for Thanksgiving , okay ? Hey , just one thing . When Maia predicted that you would end up with Ben , did you really fight against it ? As hard as you told me that you did ? I thought so- - But to be honest , now I ... Oh , I 'm just not so sure . I 'm not at all surprised that girl died . It 's exactly why we need to get this stuff out of Collier 's hands . We need to know about your promicin supply , Dennis . Your people have been working with it . Have you ever seen anything like this ? We 've had some casualties among the volunteers . Casualties ? How many ? We recruited 20 men for the program . Half of them rejected the promicin within 48 hours of their first shot . Rejected ? You mean , died ? We knew there would be risks , Diana . We explained it to the volunteers before they signed on . Oh , my God . You knew . You knew what would happen when people took this . Why didn 't you tell us when it was stolen ? We could have warned Collier , warned the public- - Because gods don 't make mistakes . What better way to show the people that Collier is not some sort of messiah , than have him fall flat on his face in public ? You kept quiet so you could discredit Collier ? A woman is dead , Dennis . And you 're just as responsible as he is . She shouldn 't have been injecting stolen promicin . And anybody who follows her lead will have to live with the consequences . Or not . So this promicin that Collier 's holding , if you take it , you have a 50 percent chance of dying within 48 hours ? Or a 50 percent chance of eventually developing some kind of ability . We need to hire more agents . I don 't know . Fifty-fifty . Those aren 't very good odds . For a chance to become one of the 4400 , I think there 's a lot of people who 'd take them . Yeah . How did your nephew react to the news ? He 's still not talking . He doesn 't think there 's any way Collier will move ahead with the plan . Tom , we 've been working on him for almost a day . We need to step up the interrogation a couple notches . No , no , no . No way . Look , I 'm not standing by while someone tortures Shawn . Actually , that 's not what I had in mind . You want me to help NTAC interrogate Shawn ? I don 't think so , Thomas . Alana , I wouldn 't have come here if I didn 't think it was a good idea . It 'll be just like when you helped us with Collier . You use your ability on him and then when it 's over , you just ... You 'd have seen everything he had . We just need you to tell us where the promicin is . I know . But when I agreed to help NTAC , I told you I 'd never do anything to hurt the 4400 . You 'd be helping Shawn . And if you don 't do it , NTAC will consider that backing out of your deal . You 'd be a fugitive again . Look , honey , they are gonna get the information anyway and it will be a whole lot tougher on Shawn . How about I call D.C. myself ? Confirm this so-called order ? You do that , Nina . You 'll find out how little authority you have . What 's he doing here ? The U.S. military has taken over the interrogation of Shawn Farrell . - I 'm here as a consultant . - We 'll be done with Shawn in minutes . Alana can get all the information we need . Quickly and painlessly . Do you expect us to trust that woman ? No , we 'll take it from here , Tom . I have confidence in my interrogator . Hi , Shawn . We can do this quickly , you know . Just tell me where Collier is keeping the promicin . No . I 'm curious . The whole time we were planning our wedding , you were working with Ryland . Betraying me . Betraying your father . Why ? It was a " balance of power " thing . I was sent to eliminate the 4400 . I really didn 't want to do that . I loved you , Shawn . But I had to do something . So I thought , if I joined Ryland and helped his side learn how to create abilities , there would be a standoff . If everyone has the technology , no one can use it . Did you really think that was gonna work ? Ryland 's gonna use those soldiers to kill us all . Not if I don 't let him . But whatever I have to do to keep Collier from going through with his plan , I 'll do it . Baby ... Please . Where is the promicin ? Baby ... Get your hands off of me . Now . - I wouldn 't disturb her right now , Tom . - Don 't touch that . - Let go . - Keep him out of there . - What are you guys doing ? - Hold it . Shawn . Let him go . Is he alive ? His pulse is weak . We 're gonna need a medical team in here right now . Go . Let 's go . Did you get everything we need ? Newfield is such a nice little town . When this is over , Kevin 's gonna retire and we 're gonna go back there to live . That 's never gonna happen . People start dying from that promicin , they 're gonna hunt us down . We 'll be leaving . I 'd rather Tess not have to compel your cooperation . Give me your word you are aboard , I 'll have her let you go . I can 't do that . I 'm not a murderer and I 'm not about to let you make me into one . Do you think I want people to die ? You honestly believe that is part of my plan ? We will not force this on anyone . We 'll make people aware of the risks . That 's all we 're doing . Giving people a choice . They 're never gonna take it . How much sadness is out there ? How many people trapped in dead-end lives ? These shots give them a chance at the extraordinary . There will be a demand . And that 's who you wanna give these abilities to ? The unhappy ? The lost ? They say the meek shall inherit the earth . I guess I just have more faith in humanity than you . Yeah , he 's stable , that 's the good news , but he hasn 't regained consciousness . They don 't know when he will . Tom , are you there ? Yeah . Yeah , I 'm here . Never ends , does it ? Yeah , I 've been thinking about that a lot lately . What do you mean ? Nothing . Nothing I can talk about right now anyway . I 'll see you soon . Thomas ? Thomas , you can 't go up against Isabelle . - It 's suicide . - I have to do it . She has to be stopped . Shawn was her fiancé . If she 's willing to leave him like that , she 's willing to do anything . The future trusted me to stop her and they gave me a way to do it . You 'll never get close enough . Do you think she 'd let you walk up to her and use that ? Look , they never would have given me this if they didn 't think I had a chance . It 's okay . I have to go . Okay . I 'm sorry I 'm late . Is it okay if I sit down ? I thought you were gonna be away from school for a while . I didn 't want to fall behind . I think that would be a bad idea . Don 't you ? Sure . We 're in page 37 of your workbook . Collier . Hello , Isabelle . That stuff you 're standing in front of is mine . It came from me and I 'm taking it back . That won 't change anything . You can 't stop what I 've begun . You know , you seem to be banking on the idea that I can 't hurt you . I just don 't think that 's true . This is no good . There 's no promicin in this substance at all . I have a message from Jordan Collier . It 's a new world , and there 's no place for you in it . We need to get out of here now . Go . Go . Go . Go . What happened in there ? It was all fake . No promicin . No Collier . What about my men ? They 're all dead . He thought he could kill me . He was wrong . Where are you going ? Where the hell is the promicin ? Stop . We have to find Collier . That 's what I 'm going to do . I 'm gonna draw him out , make him come to me . How do you propose to do that ? I 'm going to the Center . I 'm gonna bring it down - and everyone in it if I have to . - No , you won 't . You work for the United States Government . You don 't walk in there and just kill people in broad daylight . Each of you will receive one bag . Inside the bag you 'll find an envelope with travel money and the name of your destination . We don 't have much time . Go . These shots are free . Give them to anyone who wants them . But be careful to explain the risks . Okay , come on . Now everybody take one . That 's it . Thank you all . You 're about to impact the world in a way that will never be forgotten . - Jordan , thank you for all you 've done . - Thank you . Dennis . What the hell happened here ? Where is she ? She 's too powerful . I can 't control her . No one can . Dennis , just tell us where she went . The Center . You gotta let me pick it up . Richard Tyler 's line . I 'm sorry . He 's not here right now . Your daughter is at the Center . They think she might start killing people . So ... Who wants to go first ? Any volunteers ? Okay . I 'll pick . What 's your name ? Amy . Amy . I 'm gonna need you to hold still , okay ? This is gonna be quick . Would you like to take her place ? No . I just want to tell you something . What you 're trying to do , it 's not gonna work . Oh , really ? I guess we 'll see about that . - Everybody get down . - Get out . Go . Get out . Out . Out . You shouldn 't have done that . No . Isabelle . What ? What ? You 're gonna tell me to stop ? That it 's still not too late to save me ? It 's past that now . You made your choice , but you 're my daughter and if you quit this now , I 'll stand by you . I 'm sorry , Daddy . But this is the way it 's supposed to be . Daddy ? Isabelle . Isabelle . Isabelle , I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . I wish you hadn 't done that . Isabelle . - Don 't bother . - Please . What 's the matter with me ? Hold on . Her abilities . They 're gone . The girl 's helpless . Go ahead . Finish it . How is she ? Isabelle is out of surgery . She 'll be in recovery for a good while , but they expect she 'll make it . Well , for a minute there , I thought you were gonna put one in her head . So did I . The shoulder wound was a good idea . Let us figure out whether the effects of that syringe were permanent . If she had started to heal herself- - I had nine more bullets in my clip . So were they ? Permanent ? According to Dr. Anapurn , it looks that way . There 's not a trace of promicin in her system . She 's just a normal girl . A normal girl who 's in a lot of trouble . Are you both okay ? Good , because you 're gonna have to rest up on the fly . Collier is still in the wind . So is his stash of promicin . The world is about to change and our jobs just got a whole lot more difficult . More difficult . You up for it ? To be honest , I don 't think so . Make sure you send me e-mails and take lots of pictures . Well , don 't worry . I guarantee there will be plenty of pictures . Six months will go by fast . We 'll see each other soon . No , we won 't . We 'll be back , but you won 't be here . Do you hate me ? No . No , it 's just- - I don 't know how I 'm gonna do this job without you . I have to leave , Tom . If Collier is right , if moving into this new world of his means more upheaval in the here and now , I am opting out . I 'm gonna find myself a place where I can live at peace with my daughter as long as I can . Diana . You don 't have to justify your choice to me . You ever think about doing the same thing ? Yeah , sure . Look , this job , this fight , it 's ... It 's cost me so much , but ... I 'm in it till the end . Lucky me , huh ? Bye , Tom . Bye . The end of one journey is always the beginning of another , So ... Change is painful and always comes With a cost , It hurts to bear those costs , but We can 't allow that to sway us , tomorrow is a mystery , The only thing We can do is face it With resolve , We move forward , always forward and into What 's next , We make a choice , We act on that choice , And all that 's left is to live in hope , Jordan . Jordan , I got the TV working . They 're saying there 's a woman in El Paso who just checked her father out of a hospice . He had Alzheimer 's until she visited him this morning . Come on . They 're talking about us . Let 's go watch it happen . Now , good luck . Give it to a friend if you don 't use it , but give them the warning . Now you understand what you 're about to do , right ? There are no guarantees . There never are . No guarantees now . How about you ? It 's fifty-fifty . You want the shot ?
