 We 're not a threat , We 're salvation , The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 : The Canadian border is about 30 miles away . Cross as soon as you can . Ryland will be looking . I didn 't want us to end , Thomas . Ever . I 'll find a way to bring you back . I promise . - April . - Surprised ? How 's it going , sibling ? Jordan , you just told me there 's a little girl there who can see the future , and she saw you dead . So I stay away from the Center , I cut myself off . Even if you confess , Kyle , he is still going to jail . If you try to bury stuff like this , it changes you . We have to get married . It 's the way we can be sure we 'll never lose each other . Shawn ! Shawn Farrell ! Do you know who I am ? Get out of the way ! Jordan ! Jordan ! Let me through ! Jordan ! Jordan ! Did you see Jordan Collier come through here ? - No , sir . - Long hair , beard . Anyone ? You saw him , right ? Yeah . Look , I want this place secure . No one gets in or out until I say different . - Come on . - All right , guys , let 's look around . Guys , we 've been all over the grounds and we can 't find anybody . Are you sure it was Collier ? It was him . He looked right at me . He talked to me . Well , it did look like him , but I only saw him for a second . Well , if he 's on foot , he can 't be far . I think we should call NTAC , get them to sweep the neighborhood . Shawn . What 's going on ? The ceremony was supposed to start 20 minutes ago . Richard , I just saw Jordan . - He 's alive . He 's here . - What ? - Where ? - Shawn . - Me and Diana have to get moving . - Hey , no , no , no . - I 'm coming with you . - What ? I 'm gonna help you find him . Jordan looks different now . - I got the best view of him . - You 're in the middle of your wedding . We got a thousand guests here , the media , Isabelle . You 're gonna have to do some damage control . Tell Isabelle that the wedding 's not off , it 's just postponed , and I 'll come see her as soon as I can . I 'm sorry . Are we ready to go ? Daddy , what is it ? I thought we agreed I don 't want to see you . This couldn 't wait , Kyle . He 's alive . Jordan Collier is alive . I 'm gonna find him , Kyle , and I 'm gonna get you out of here . It 's okay , sweetie . It 's gonna be okay . I just feel so bad for you . I 'll be fine . You don 't need to worry about me . Shawn . Thank God . What happened ? All the guests are gone . Everybody thinks you walked out . That 's- - It 's okay . I just- - I need to talk to Isabelle for a second , if you don 't mind . So your daddy came home , huh ? - Your dad told you about Jordan ? - He did . I was really curious as to why I wasn 't getting married . I 'm sorry , Isabelle . I am . It 's- - Jordan 's out there somewhere . I need to find him . And then what ? If he 's alive , what does that mean for you and me ? I 'm not sure . - Jordan was dead and now he 's not . - Shawn , is the wedding off or isn 't it ? It 's still gonna happen , just not today . And not until I figure out what 's going on with Jordan . I know Collier means a lot to you , to everyone here . Find him . Di . April , my God , what are you doing here ? I came to see my sister . Tell me , do you have some kind of allergy that keeps you from calling ahead ? I wasn 't sure that was a good idea . If I called , you might have refused to see me . So are you gonna hug your only sister or are you gonna shut the door in my face ? I 'm sorry , I just- - You surprised me , that 's all . I mean , I didn 't even know you were in Seattle . - I 'm moving here . - Why ? Are you in trouble ? No , I 'm in love . I know what you 're thinking : " Same difference . " But not this time . This guy 's the keeper . Oh , that 's great . I 'm really happy for you . Well , wait till you meet him , which should be any minute now . He 's parking the car . April , I 'm in the middle of something for work . It won 't take long . Just a couple minutes , please . It would mean a lot . I bet you Maia would be happy too . - Aunt April . - Someone 's getting tall . Look at you . You 're like a supermodel . I 'll bet the boys think so too . Maia , this is my friend Ben . I heard a lot about you , young lady . Your aunt says you 're a very special girl . Maybe a little . Sorry , I 'm in a bit of a rush . I actually told April we should have called ahead . See ? Polite . And if you did a body search , you wouldn 't find a piercing anywhere . April mentioned that you 're a photographer . Yeah , April and I just got back from India . I was doing a piece on the caste system there . It 's all for a show he 's putting on at the Museum of Contemporary Art . Really ? - Well ... - Yeah . I spent some time in India when I was a graduate student . We were doing an epidemiology study in the Nilgiri range . We were there . Well , you are so lucky . It was so beautiful . I used to just wake up early to watch the sun come up over the foothills . Yeah , I got some shots of sunrises . Just for my personal collection . If I 'd known you were interested , I 'd have brought them by . - I 'd like to see them . - I 'll bring them by . I look forward to it . But right now I really gotta rush . Bye . - Nice to meet you . - You too . - Bye . - Bye . You 're right , he is a keeper . This is a nice place . Collier sure had an eye for real estate . I mean , what , this is the sixth place we 've looked at today ? It must be nice to have that kind of money . Diana , look at this . Someone 's been staying here . Guys . It 's from a soup kitchen downtown . What does the notebook say ? The whole thing 's full . " The city is a thousand miles wide . The last city . Walls are a hundred feet high . Nothing grows on the outside anymore , so the people beg to be let in , but nobody listens . " - It 's all like this . - Is that Collier 's handwriting ? This is just preliminary , but I ran the handwriting from the notebook against the sample from Collier 's that you gave me . Now , they don 't look alike at all . I mean , the handwriting from the notebook 's shaky , almost like whoever did it is sick . But the software says that they 're a probable match . - That Jordan wrote this stuff ? - I can 't say for sure , but there 's a lab in D.C. that 'll be able to give us a positive identification . But it 's probable , right ? Jordan 's alive . - We don 't know that yet . - Yeah , I 'll tell you one thing . If he did write this , he has seen some interesting stuff while he 's been gone . And the whole thing goes on and on about a walled city . You know , a privileged elite lives on the inside , everything else is just a wasteland . And then the last few pages are just one phrase repeated over and over again . " The war for the future will be fought in the past . " Mommy ? - You scared me . - Sorry . I couldn 't sleep . Oh , well ... Why don 't you come on in ? I 'll make you a bowl of ice cream . Our family 's gonna get bigger now . Oh , sweetie . Don 't get too attached to the idea of your Aunt April living in Seattle . You know how she can be . That 's not it . You 're gonna get married . I saw it . Not too long from now . You look the same when it happens . I 'm getting married ? Isn 't it great ? You 're gonna be so happy . Okay , well ... Did you happen to see who the lucky guy was ? Yeah , it was the man we just met . Ben . Maia , you saw me getting married to my sister 's boyfriend ? But Ben is with Aunt April . I guess they don 't stay together , because you two are gonna get married . You 're gonna have a husband , I 'm gonna have a dad . Isn 't that the best ? Hello ? Oh , hey , Tom . No , we 're up . Have you seen this man ? Sure . I volunteer at St. Alban 's kitchen . These guys brought the sketch by when we were closing up tonight . We bring food down here twice a week . - I 've seen him . - Are you sure about that ? Positive . I remember him because everyone lets him go to the front of the line . They get out of his way . I 've never seen that before . - You haven 't seen him today ? - Not for a couple weeks . But I always see him eating with Will . Will 's kind of the elder statesman around here . He knows just about everyone . Yeah , I know him . We all do . - The preacher . - The preacher ? He never said his real name was Jordan Collier . I thought that Collier was dead . Who are you guys , anyway ? We 're from NTAC . We need to find this man . - When 's the last time you saw him ? - Just now . - What ? - He 's here ? He 's always here . This is pretty empty . You 're sure he 's back here ? He never goes anywhere . Okay . Say hello to the preacher . You made a painting of him ? Not me personally , but the preacher 's a popular guy . He 's got some amazing stories . The guy claims to have seen the future . People around here we believe him . You lied to me , Isabelle . I don 't remember much about being a baby . You and Mom mostly . Vague stuff . I remember Collier . I remember how he made you guys feel , and I remember how I felt when he touched Mom that time . Well , you gave him something to remember that day . Collier was recovering for months . That 's not the only thing I did to him . Right before he died he came to talk to me . I know it sounds weird . I was just a baby . But he wanted me to tell him whether it was safe to go ahead - with the party he was planning . - I remember . He asked to take you for a walk through the gardens . He wanted power . He wanted acclaim . A name that would live on after he died . So that 's what I showed him . So , what ? You gave him a vision ? He had the party . He got shot . I didn 't pull the trigger , but , Daddy , I made that happen . If Collier 's back , he knows what I did . What does he want ? Revenge ? We don 't even know whether or not he is alive . What if he tells Shawn what I did ? You sound like you 're scared of Collier . Isabelle , Collier is a very powerful man , but he is just a man . He was just a man . We don 't know what he is now . Guys , I 've got something you need to check out . You know that graffiti mural ? The one that might be Collier ? Well , there 's a national graffiti database . - I ran the portrait against it . - And ? This preacher guy , he gets around . That one 's from Saint Louis . That 's El Paso . Tempe , Arizona . - Reno . - These are from all over the country . If this is Collier , he 's been a very busy man . Might need a shave and a haircut , but he 's still got charisma . - He 's got followers everywhere . - So , what ? He 's traveling around , preaching the gospel of the future ? Are you almost done ? I was gonna make you a snack . - Five more minutes . - Okay . Did you see Ben today ? You mean your Aunt April 's boyfriend ? No , I didn 't see him , and I 'm not going to see him . Your antenna is not working right on this one , sweetie . Okay . Hi . I 'm not the type of guy who drops by unannounced all the time , I promise . - Okay . - But I was just in the neighborhood , I didn 't have your phone number . The pictures we talked about . Thanks . Come in . - Hi , Maia . - Hi , Ben . I need to go to my room and study . You two talk . So you gonna open it ? Does that look familiar ? That 's the Nilgiri Hills . Yeah . Listen , this is not gonna happen . Excuse me ? Married ? Are you sure she meant me ? - Well , that can 't happen . - I 'm glad you agree . April told me about Maia , what she could do , - but she 's wrong here , right ? - Oh , she 's gonna be . Okay , I 'm gonna go . And no more visits to bring you pictures . No more visits , period . Okay . Well , it was nice meeting you and then resolving never to see you again . - Yeah , nice to meet you too . - Yeah . Did you kill me ? It 's him . That 's him . That 's Jordan Collier . That 's Jordan Collier ! Tell them I didn 't kill you ! Tell them you 're Jordan Collier ! Tell them ! Tell them you 're Jordan Collier ! Tell them ! Is that who I am ? When you went to see Kyle , you signed in as Jeffrey Paulson . Why ? I found a library card in the pocket of my coat , and that 's what it said . I thought- - I thought maybe that was my name . Your name is Jordan Collier . You don 't remember that ? You 're one of the 4400 . - Am I ? - You were shot . You died . Yes , I saw that in the papers . I thought I looked like that man . You disappeared . Do you have any idea where you 've been ? Everywhere . I have been everywhere . I 've been alive for hundreds of years . Maybe thousands . I couldn 't speak to anyone . I just- - I wandered . No food , no sleep . And I watched it all . I watched the world change , and it just kept getting worse . And the skies filled with smoke and all the machines stopped working , and the streets and the rivers were filled with bodies . And the dead were everywhere , and the Earth cried out and it never stopped . The things you 're talking about , they haven 't happened . - Not yet , anyway . - It 's 2006 . It 's been less than a year since you were shot . How could it be ? I 've been wandering for so long . That 's the preliminary DNA report . That man we 're holding is Jordan Collier . Well , at least somebody 's sure of it . I need Collier to remember who he is so he can stand in front of a judge and ask for my son to be freed . But , Tom , this is already a win for Kyle . Collier 's alive . So he serves a term for attempted murder instead of murder ? No , no , no , Diana . That 's not good enough . Look , Collier knows who he is . It 's buried in there somewhere . He showed up at the wedding . He found his way to one of his safe houses . We just need to find a way to help bring it all to the surface . Tom , I just got off the phone with the National Security Advisor . He wants to schedule a conference call with him , me and the Joint Chiefs of Staff to discuss the fact that Jordan Collier is somehow back from the dead . And you want me to look the other way while Alana Mareva , a fugitive , walks into NTAC and uses her ability on Collier ? She can access his memories . Show him his life . These people in D.C. , they need Collier to remember who he is too , right ? They need answers . This might be the only way to get them . Nina , please . We 're talking about my son . You have a way to get in touch with Alana ? Make the call . I got it , Maia . You just couldn 't stand to see me happy , could you ? - April , what are you talking about ? - What did you say to Ben ? - What did you say , Diana ? - Nothing , why ? He broke up with me ! You weren 't supposed to break up with her . That 's not why I told you what Maia said . I realize that , but you have to understand , a precog just told me that I was with the wrong person . And if you know you 're with the wrong person , why stay with them ? I don 't know , maybe because you love them . I do love April . At least I thought I did . You know , I can 't believe how casual you can be with all this . Maybe it 's because you live with a 4400 , but someone just told me that I met the person , the woman , that I 'm supposed to be with and I can 't ignore it . And I want you to tell me the truth . When you look at me , do you feel anything at all ? An attraction ? An inkling of an attraction ? Yes , I do . You asked for the truth , so yes , I do . And if I met you under different circumstances , I 'd wanna see you again . Yeah . Me too . - But it doesn 't matter , we can 't do it . - Yeah , I know . I 'm gonna take my sister 's stuff and go . But wouldn 't it be something if we were giving up our shot at happiness ? - Hello , Thomas . - You cut your hair . I can 't believe you 're here . Thank you for doing this . For Kyle , I 'll do anything , you know that . Besides , I 've missed you . Are you ready ? You don 't have to do anything . Just shut your eyes and relax . You won 't feel anything , I promise . My name 's Jordan Collier . - If I could stay here for a while- - - You 're one of the 4400 . That baby could be the key to the future . Peter has all the time in the world . Hi , Peter . My name 's Jordan Collier . Hello , Richard . Welcome to the revolution . Collier , are you all right ? My name is Jordan Collier . I know why they sent us back . I saw the catastrophe and I know what we have to do to stop it . You say you have all these answers . Tell us what they are and then we can talk about letting you out of here . You 'll learn what I know when everyone else does . When will that be ? As soon as I 'm free , you and the world will know what I know . And what if we hold you indefinitely ? - I 've grown accustomed to waiting . - Yeah , well , I can 't . My son is in prison . You 're the only one who can get him out . Then you want me released as badly as I do . Your son Kyle is innocent . He is a pawn , and I will say that to whomever you want the moment I am a free man . I can 't believe this , Nina . My son could be one court appearance away from freedom and you 're refusing to let Collier testify on his behalf ? I 'm not refusing , the Pentagon is . Their official position is Collier 's not even back . Come on , Nina . They can 't honestly believe that they can squash this . Well , they 're gonna try . Look , Collier 's return changes everything . We 're not just talking about galvanizing the 4400 . There are religious groups all over the world who would consider him the messiah . No matter what he says , no matter how crazy it is , people are going to listen . So maybe we should find out what 's on his mind before we stick him in front of microphones . What if we don 't like what he has to say ? We stick him in the basement , pretend this never happened ? I don 't think that 's gonna be our decision . I 'd be surprised if Collier 's not transferred out of here by tomorrow . They should be here by now . You sure you 're okay ? I will be . When I touched Collier , those things I saw , they weren 't only from his past . There were other images too . Terrible ones . It was like a nightmare . I don 't know how Collier lived through it and stayed sane . I don 't wanna leave you , Thomas . I don 't wanna go on the run again . Well , maybe you don 't have to . What you did today , it helped NTAC . If I tell them they can have access to your ability , maybe they 'll drop the charges against you . - I 'd never hurt the 4400s . - I know , I know . Maybe we can work it so you don 't have to , okay ? - Uncle Tom . - Wait right here . What the hell 's going on ? I didn 't help find Jordan so you could lock him away . Shawn , they 're scared . This is how the government reacts when it 's scared . You know , if we wanted we could take him . If we set our minds to it , we can get into NTAC and there won 't be anything you can do to stop us . You may be right . But there might be another way . Here . That 's a still from a security camera at NTAC . It was taken this afternoon . You show it to everyone . You let the world know that Collier 's back . - Thank you . - Yeah . Wagon Wheels . You know , I used to live on those things in college . Ben , what are you doing here ? I eat too . So , what do you think ? Coincidence , or is this thing gonna happen whether we try to stop it or not ? Well , normally , I 'd give you a lecture about free will right now , but I have to admit , it might sound a little hollow . Well , we 're both here , both shopping . Wanna join forces ? - -loved doing the final project . Let me guess , faces of the elderly ? Red lights . Every time I 'd stop at a red light , I 'd take a picture . You know , you have to study these intersections that you never really noticed . Like the stores , the people , the garbage cans , everything . That 's very creative . - I was just screwing around . - I would like to see them . Okay , yeah . I think I 've got them somewhere . No , wait . - What ? - We can 't do this . We just did . That was a date , and that was a pretty good one . No , it wasn 't . It was nice , but it wasn 't a date . Then why do I feel like doing this ? You gotta admit that was nice too . Can I see you again ? Free Collier now , Free Collier now , - Free Collier now , - Anyone else feel like it 's Bastille Day ? Well , it does feel like the start of something . We have gotta let him go . It 's either that or bring in troops . And we won 't just be reading the riot act to 4400s . There 's clergy out there . Citizens . Look , we can 't just sit on this . If Collier is some kind of messiah , he needs to be free . If he 's not , letting him out is still the right move . It will give him enough rope to hang himself . I 'll call D.C. , but they 're gonna wanna know how those people got their hands on a picture of Collier . Any idea what I should tell them ? Yeah , tell them it 's hard to cover up a resurrection . Free Collier now , Free Collier now , Free Collier now , Free Collier now . Free Collier now . Free Collier now . Stay back . It 's you . Welcome back , Jordan . Thank you for keeping the Center alive while I was gone . Richard , glad to see you still with us . You 'll have an important role to play . I stand here and I see the future : 4400s and non-4400s working hand in hand toward a common goal . Saving humanity is no longer the exclusive province of the 4400 . Each and every one of you will have work to do . And the work starts now . We 're going to the court house . There is an innocent man who needs to be freed . Look , just get those people away from this building . You 're impeding the business of my court . They won 't leave until you listen to what I have to say . I hereby withdraw any and all charges against Kyle Baldwin for my alleged murder . Well , Mr. Baldwin still assaulted two federal agents . Now , he fired a high-powered weapon into a crowd of people , and he admitted it all in a detailed confession . My son has been in jail for months . He 's a first-time offender . You could release him with time served . Those people out there , they listen to me . They will be back every day until this man 's son goes free . Well , these are highly unusual circumstances , I 'll grant you both that . Perhaps we can revisit the murder plea . Do . Quickly . Thank you . - Thought you didn 't wanna see me . - I don 't . I wanna see your pictures . Well , okay . So I knew you 'd be here . Then why did you come ? I guess I 've been thinking about the grocery store , and I thought it was a good date too . It just didn 't end right . Okay . Then how should it have ended ? Hi , Mommy . - Hi . - Where you been , Di ? Nowhere , I just had to work late . I 'm sorry . - I 'm so sorry . - Don 't apologize . Those things you saw in me- - Pride , ambition , vanity . - -they were there . I had to die to lose them . I 've done bad things and I 'm supposed to do more . I know . And I 'm trying not to . Tell me what to do . I 'll do anything . Leave . Leave the 4400 Center and never come back . Nothing you can do will change what you are , Isabelle . You are the enemy of the 4400 . The enemy of everything that is good . And that part of you that is human it is much smaller than the part of you that 's not , and your struggle to keep it alive will fail . No , no . - I have a choice . - Others might , not you . If that 's true , if we 're enemies , then why shouldn 't I just kill you right now ? You 're welcome to try , but it won 't work . I 'm ready for you this time . This place is mine again and you 're not welcome here . Goodbye , Isabelle .
