 previously on heroes ... of all of them ... I never expected it would be you . Kaito ! This thing we can do , it only begins at reading minds . And then it becomes so much more . you are the hero kensei ? isaac mendez . Everything he 's ever painted has come true . Have they given you a gun ? her name is claire bennet . You remember her father , noah ? You 're saying we should kill him ? I 'm saying we should be prepared . I have been working with bennet to take down this company . Why are you telling me this now ? He found us . The man who abducted me . We 've gotta get out of here . That 's what I 've been trying to tell you . The guy in the glasses is my father . it 's not safe here anymore . Pack your bags . We 're moving . What are you wearing ? My uniform . I have a pep rally today . Well , maybe i didn 't make myself clear . We 're leaving costa verde today . You made yourself plenty clear . I 'm not leaving . Go change out of that outfit or I will- - or you 'll what ? Abduct me ? Experiment on me ? Erase my memory ? That 's what you did , isn 't it , dad ? And then you inject them with some sort of- - you are talking about things you don 't understand . Actually , I do understand . You abducted west . What ? When he was , like , 12 . When he saw you yesterday , I have never seen anyone so terrified . What are you talking about , claire ? Dad does not abduct people . Dad is a bad guy , lyle . He 's a liar . Don 't listen to a word he says . Claire ! Would you stop defending him ? That 's all you do . I mean , look at us ! Moving , lying , changing our names . All I want is for you to have a safe and normal life . This isn 't about me . This is all about you and the things you 've done . If you and your boyfriend hadn 't showboated , none of- - stop using that as an excuse . No matter what I do , this is never gonna end , is it , dad ? We 'll always be running . Do not walk out of that door ! What are you gonna do ... tie me up ? If I have to . Enough ! Noah , put down the tape . Claire , go to school , say good-bye to your friends , then come right home . We are leaving tonight . You got it ? I hate you . I do not take death threats idly . So you think one of us sent these ? yes , for the pain we caused . The people we have killed . There is no end to our suffering . Good morning . Morning ! How 'd you sleep ? On my pillow . No nightmares , no nightmare man ? No . Good . What were you looking at ? That 's a puzzle . People in that photo fit together somehow . Some of ' em got hurt , and I 'm trying to find the rest so that no one else has to . I can fim them for you . No.No , you won 'T . I made that mistake once . I 'm never gonna ask you to do that again . Sit down , eat breakfast . I want you to be a normal little girl . I 'm not normal . I can find people . All right , you wanna help ? Come here . If you wanna help , help me put the nightmare man behind us , so we can get back to normal . Okay ? And just be a little girl . Go to school , have fun . And I 'll be ... an underpaid cop . Deal ? But why can 't we ? Just do it , okay ? For me ? Okay , I 'll do it for you . Back to normal . Come back and finish your cereal . costa verde , ca Welcome to costa verde . How we gonna do this ? Swiftly . We grab claire , we take out her father . We get out . When you say " take out , " you mean kill ? It is a euphemism . Word choice aside , I never agreed to take out anybody . You were loyal to bennet . I get that . The two of you were going to take down the company . But you made the right choice in telling me the truth . I 'm not choosing sides . This is about claire 's blood curing niki . I 'm just trying to do the right thing for everyone . That 's what I like about you , dr.Suresh. Your moral compass always faces true north . Which is why you 're going to get a new partner . One who can execute . One whose compass faces north-northwest . I hope you 're using sunscreen . ugh . Overprotective , much ? Dr.Suresh , I would like you to meet my daughter , elle . Your daughter ? She 's the executioner ? What 's your super power ... punching bag ? Have you been working on your sharp shooting ? I don 't want you to get too close to bennet . Hey , fight club ... check this out . What 's your deal ? I figured this was your flight path to school . You don 't have to pretend anymore , claire . The jig is kinda up , spy girl . I 'm not pretending . And I 'm not a spy , I swear . I 'm just ... I 'm just a cheerleader . So this is all a big coincidence ? That your dad just happens to be the guy who abducted me ? Then why didn 't you just tell me ? I was selfish . You liked me . You were like me . And I thought ... that if I told you ... it would just mess everything up . And I guess it did . My family 's leaving town . When ? Tonight . But I 'm not going with them . I 'm staying here because of you . I wanna believe you . But I don 'T . I need to go figure things out . Yes , I 've been on hold waiting for a special agent- - no , some of that interdepartmental cooperation I 've been hearing so much about on the news . Yes , i 'll hold . What are you doing ? I was on hold with the fbi . Well , I want you to tell me why you 're on hold with the fbi . Because I 'm trying to get some information on the kaito nakamura case . The kaito nakamura case is closed . Angela petrelli confessed , partner . Yeah , but she didn 't do it . There 's something bigger going on here . I don 't know what it is , but these guys are involved in some kind of , uh , organization , like from back in the ' 70s . Like a disco ? No ... no . Like a research facility . I was there yesterday . All these guys--nakamura , linderman , arthur petrelli , my dad , and this adam monroe guy . Your dad ? Yeah . Let it go . You got real work to do . This is real work ! And it 's important . Lives could be at stake . Your job could be at stake if you keep this up , parkman . Now , I need you back on the planet earth . You got me ? No . Excuse me , detective ? Give me 24 hours . Let me talk to angela petrelli again . Tell you what . You got 24 hours . Talk to angela petrelli again . Then you 're done . Thank you . Great idea . Is this him ? he looks a lot younger there . Well , apparently , he can fly . Did you really do what claire said ? Abduct him when he was just a boy ? I thought we were doing good . Saving the world . Honestly , I don 't know why I 'm not getting in the car with the kids and leaving you . Come here . I want to show you something . Remember that painting I showed you ? The death of kaito nakamura . Kind of hard to forget a story about a man who can paint the future . Well , that was one of eight . I found the other seven yesterday . That 's claire , isn 't it ? - Is that ... - claire 's right . It 's all about me . And this man with the gun , is he gonna shoot you ? Believe me , I 've considered it . But suresh is one of the good guys . And you think west has something to do with it ? I don 't know , but west is the reason why claire won 't leave town . And I need to talk to him . It 's all falling apart . I really need you now . I 'm gonna ... take lyle to school . Hello . Is molly well enough to use her ability ? why ? I need to track down a boy , and I don 't have time to run all over costa verde . His name is west rosen . Are you okay ? You sound- - can you do it or not ? Yes , of course . - Mohinder ... - yeah ? Just ... thank you . That was bennet . Does he know we 're here ? No . He just wanted some information . A location of a boy . Maybe we can use this to our advantage . How so ? We feed him a false location . We isolate him . We get him away from claire . We don 't have to kill him . Do you know what happens when you change your plans mid-stream ? No . Neither do I. Because we don 't do it . Let me put it this way . We do it my way , or I blow the whistle right now . Tell bennet everything . Bennet is dangerous . You saw what he did to his mentor in the ukraine . Don 't you think if push came to shove , he 's do the same to you ? No.I don 'T . He 's adorable . Can I keep him ? Okay ... we do it the doctor 's way . I sought redemption by helping hiro fulfill his destiny to save the world . How did you help your son ? I 'm leaving for japan tonight . I suggest you disappear as well . Where are you going ? I can 't just wait around He goes to school with claire And I know where that is Remember me ? Then you know I don 't have super strength I can 't hold on forever What do you want ? Answers ! We took you to study your abilities ! I don 't care about any of that ! Claire ! Is she working with you ? Or for you ? Did she ever really care about me ? Claire never even mentioned you existed ! You hear me ? She lied to me ! So I 'm guessing you 're pretty important to her You listen to me very carefully I am taking claire We are leaving town And you are gonna convince her that 's the right thing to do - Hello - I just spoke to molly She 's located west He 's in costa verde Corner of verbena and palm Right now ? Are you sure ? Molly 's ability has pinpoint accuracy But I can 't guarantee that he 'll be there forever You should get there quickly Okay I 'll head right over What 's going on ? Claire 's in danger I need your help Claire butler , bring it on in ! Hey , we missed you this morning Is everything okay ? Yeah , everything 's great This is mr.Bishop fromthe state board of education He needs to talk to you about the debbie incident Please ... call me bob - Am I in trouble ? - No , no , no Just wanna ask you a couple questions.May we walk ? Yeah , sure We take underage drinking very seriously Of course You haven 't seenany other incidents of drinking , hazing ? No , sir , none You wouldn 't lie to me , would you ? No , sir Because an incident like this can ruin a girl 's life You wouldn 't wanna do that , would you , miss bennet ? What did you just call me ? Have you killed many people ? How is that any of your business ? I guess it 's not Bennet Let me talk to him first.Alone You sure ? I am He trusts me What are you doing here ? I 'm sorry I lied to you.I only have a second You have to listen to me Are they forcing you to do this ? Do they have molly ? Nobody is forcing me to do anything I 'm here to ask you to give us claire We need her blood You 've gone native Are you kidding me ? She 'll be returned to you safe , unharmed You have my word No offense , mohinder , but your word isn 't what it used to be Claire is very important to the work we 're doing She can save lives " The work we 're doing " You sound like me ten years ago This is what they do : They indoctrinate you I couldn 't have been more clear about this when you agreed to go in They 're not who you think they are They are not getting claire I have to do what I think is right Start driving Please Dad ! Mom ? ! Lyle ! - Claire ? - Mom ! This guy showed up at my school - He knew our real name - What ? Dad was right I messed up , and they found us.We gotta go Go where ? What is this ? That 's why your father 's been acting so strangely ... he thinks that 's gonna happen Isaac mendez ... he was a very talented artist , and incredibly accurate Good to see you again , sandra - You know him ? - Yeah He was the regional sales manager of primatech paper - So who 's your partner ? - Excuse me ? Company policy One of them , one of us Who 's yours ? Elle , huh ? You know her ? Oh , yeah Hey , you you lie to me , betray me You come after my daughter How did you think it was gonna end ? Mr. Butler ... what are you doing ? No one 's taking my little girl Sandra ! Claire ! He took claire.Your old boss bob What the hell is going on ? It 's okay - We 're gonna get her back - How , noah ? - I 've got collateral - What do you mean , collateral ? Hi , mrs.Butler It 's good to , uh ... see you again Did you pack mr.Muggles ' doggy bath ? I need to speak to your father What do you think ... this is my first day ? Stings like a bitch , doesn 't it ? I know all aboutyour ability , elle You don 't know anything about me I was there When your father first brought you in You were a normal girl Unicorns and rainbows And then they started the testing The human brain isn 't built to take that much electricity You poor girl My father would never let that happen Your father was leading the charge I don 't remember any of that No memories , huh ? Kind of like someone took them away ? Why do you think I never let the companyanywhere near claire ? I didn 't want her to become you Now I need to talk to your father to arrange a trade Claire for you What if he doesn 't wanna make a deal ? You 'd be surprised what a father would do for his daughter Elle , where are you ? you touch my daughter and I 'll kill yours - And then I 'll kill you - noah ? We 'll be at the imperial beach parking lot in two hours Well , looks like you and i are going to the beach I 'll do whatever you want , okay ? Just promise me you 'll leave my dad alone I wish it were that easy Unfortunately , he 's got my daughter Let me talk to him , He 'll listen to me He 's not big on the listening And once he sets his mind , it 's stuck Which is why we gave you to him in the first place We thought he would be loyal to the end Turns out we were right It 's too bad , really You 'd be an excellent addition to the team , claire You , your blood You can help a lot of people Good Take my blood.Take as much as you want , but leave my dad alone No one has to die Thanks for your help , west . Now go on home to your family . No way ! I 'm going with you . No , it 's too dangerous . Exactly , and I 'm the quickest way to get claire out of there . All right . You can wait for me in the car , okay ? they say girls tend to find boys just like their dads . Because he can fly ? No , her real dad.YoU. All he cares about is protecting her . If anything happens ... nothin ' is gonna happen , except you bringing claire back . Of all of them ... I never expected it would be you . If you visit me one more time , detective parkman , I 'll expect you to make an honest woman out of me . That is the plan actually . Are you going to try to read my mind again ? I knew your father when he could do it . I 'm even less impressed with you . Those marks that you have all over you , my father made you do that to yourself , didn 't he ? Did you know him when his mind reading became something more ? When pull became push , and then he realized he could put a thought into anyone 's head ? Don 't do this . You are gonna answer every question I have truthfully . For once . Who really killed kaito nakamura ? It was adam . Adam ? Monroe ? Your son told me that you and your friends locked him up 30 years ago.Why ? - He was dangerous . - Dangerous how ? Like a bomb ? No , worse . We thought he was just able to heal . Cellular regeneration . Like claire , your granddaughter . What we didn 't know is that if your cells continually regenerate , after a while , you stop growing old . What 's old ? 400 years . Do you know where adam is now ? All I know is that he wants revenge for locking him up , and he 's not gonna rest until all of us are dead . All of you are , except for you , bob , my dad , and this woman in the photo . Who is this woman ? Please ... don 't do this . I need you to tell me the truth . The truth ... the truth ... is that our generation mortgaged our souls to protect yours . Show a little respect for that . Get over your daddy issues and leave us be ! That 's all I want.Believe me . But Adam is still out there and this woman is on his list . Tell me the truth . Who is she ? All she wants is to be left alone . I made her a promise . If you take this secret from me , you 're not just like your father ... you are him . What kind of car do you drive ? Excuse me ? I know you can fly , but you 're still a teenager . You do have a car , right ? Yeah , it 's a piece of crap suv . I drove a ' 52 citroen when I was your age . Oh , those things are awesome . Now once we get claire , you fly her out immediately . No matter what else happens . You understand me ? Yes , sir . It doesn 't have to be this way , noah . Dad , the painting ! Claire ! Elle ! No matter what I do ... we 'll always be running . But if you die , bob ... the company dies with you . please , don 't do this . Dad ! The last thing I really said to my dad ... was " I hate you . " You didn 't mean it . No , I did . I keep playing it over and over . How I 'll never get a chance to take it back . Holy- -
