 The 4400 Season 3 Episode 7 ( 2006 ) - The Home Front - SYNC CORRECTIONS : klepal We 're not a threat . We 're salvation . The world will have to deal with us . Previously on the 4400 ... I 've been offered a job working with the children at the school . I blew the surprise , didn 't I ? I just want to make one thing clear- - me breaking up with danny has nothing to do with you . Okay . What are you doing here ? I 'm the guy who killed you . Is this list complete ? Because I 'm just wondering how many 4400s you did kill . What 's up ? Who are these guys ? They 've been brought in to help expedite the interrogation . I know you find this hard to believe , tom , but we 're on the same side . One of our members has been compromised . I have to assume he 's going to give up my name . If you know where armand is , we 'll tell ntac.They 'll take care of it . Daniel armand 's inside . He 's all yours . This is it . The last member of the nova group . The last one we know about , anyway . If this tip is good and we bring in gary navarro , this could pretty much be the end for the nova group . The tip is good . Here they are.Let 's go . Gary ! It 's over ! Go . Go . Downstairs . Clear . Clear , sir ! There 's nobody here . Looks like he just left . In the middle of making lunch ? He must have known we were coming.Someone must have tipped him off . Ah , isabelle ... ah ... isabelle ... you 're not hearing me . Sure I did . You said you don 't want to be with me anymore . I just don 't see why . The nova group 's gone . My dad knows about us now . There 's nothing to stop us from being together . Yes , there is . Me . This is because of what happened to matthew , right ? You think I killed him ... and the people from the nova group , too . I wasn 't in my right mind , isabelle , so I don 't know what happened . Well , then I 'll tell you . Matthew had a stroke , some terrorists died , and you got better . What 's to question ? I just think that you and i got a little too intense too fast . See ... I thought that was the best part . Sorry for the interruption . Shawn , there 's someone here to see you . She 's a friend of yours . She says it 's important . Nikki.Oh , my god . What are you doing here ? It 's been a long time , shawn . Yeah . H-hi . Hi . I-I should have called first . No . No , it 's fine . You look great.How 've you been ? Good . Good . School 's kind of fun . It 's just ... my father . He 's been sick . Your dad ? I 'm sorry to hear that . It 's cancer . It 's in his pancreas . There 's nothing they can do . Shawn ? Is everything okay ? Yeah . Um ... I just need to deal with this thing now , so we 'll talk later , okay ? Okay . So , amy ... you used to call your grandmother " mimi " ? Yes . I 'd go stay with her for two weeks every year , but when I came back with all the other 4400s , my mom told me she was gone . Alana mareva ? We 're from the national security agency . You need to come with us . What is this about ? The pentagon has commissioned a study on the membership and the origins of the nova group . We 've been authorized to interview all persons of interest . And why would I be a person of interest ? Ma 'am , we have a list . Your name is on it . Let 's not make a scene in front of the child . How did my name get on the list ? What am I being accused of ? We have evidence that suggests you 're a member of the nova group . I wrote a check . My friend ryan at the center . He came up to me one day about six weeks ago , said he couldn 't pay his power bill . They were going to shut it off if he didn 't come up with the money . It was a small loan . $ 165 . No big deal , right ? Ryan freel ? We picked him up three days ago . He 's one of the names daniel armand gave us . So they were right.He was in nova . They say they can hold me for providing financial support to terrorists . It was just a loan , thomas . How long are they going to keep me here ? They can hold you for questioning without any charge for 36 hours , but it 's not going to come to that . This is harassment , and it 's not going to continue . I 'm going to talk to ryan freel . I 'll get him to admit that this was just a casual thing , that it had nothing to do with nova . Alana , I promise , this is all going to be over soon.Just- - Just sit tight , okay ? I love you . I know it 's frustrating , but there 's nothing we can do . Nina , it 's harassment , pure and simple . Yeah , I know it is , and I don 't like it either , but the nova group made a lot of people nervous . Now that it 's broken , the military want to make sure that it 's dead and gone . Yeah , we all do . It 's still no excuse to hold an innocent woman based on absolutely nothing . I agree , but the pentagon went around us on this one . They went private . They hired the haspel corporation to conduct the study . The haspel corp ? They do a lot of defense contracting , don 't they ? Right now , they 're focusing on this nova report . Nsa even loaned them agents to do field work . Now some conglomerate has the right to arrest and detain people ? Where 's the oversight ? There isn 't a lot . Look , this whole thing runs on the discretion of the executive in charge of the study . So who 's this executive ? I appreciate your frustration , tom . It 's unfortunate that your girlfriend got involved in this mess ... but my people were just being thorough . Your " people " ? Alana 's being held by the national security agency . The way I remember it , your life in public service ended with a perp walk through ntac . Yeah , there were some unpleasant moments , but that 's the past . I was censured for my part in the inhibitor ... " scandal , " I guess you 'd call it . " Scandal " ? Why don 't you try " murderous plot " ? Your opinions are already a matter of record , not that the majority of people agree with you . Anyway , after the government saw fit to terminate my employment , I weighed my offers and wound up here.Haspel corp . And alana just happened to wind up in your crosshairs , right ? Tom , do you think I would use your girlfriend to prosecute some kind of personal vendetta ? Actually , dennis , yeah , I do . So that 's his punishment for causing the deaths of 28 4400s- - a six-figure consulting gig and a corner office . Don 't act so surprised , tom . We always knew ryland had a lot of support for what he did . Learning anything new ? Yeah.She 's incredible . In a week , we 've made discoveries we thought it would take years to get to . Where 'd you find this girl ? He didn 't find me . I found him . Shawn . It 's all right . Hey . That was amazing . It looks like my father could walk out of here this afternoon . Good . I know my whole family just thanked you , again and again , but I wanted to say it , too , so ... thanks . It 's all right , nikki . You look so different . Last time I saw u , I don 't think you even owned a belt . You used to wear the same flannel shirt every day for a week . A lot 's changed , I guess . Now you 're doing so great . It kind of makes me wonder why you never called , just to say hi , you know ? I was just trying to put everything behind me , I guess.I don 'T ... but I thought about you . A lot . I got to go , I guess . Yeah . Tell your dad not to hurry back to the office , okay ? He always was a workaholic . We just got the phone records in from gary 's safe house . A call came in at 11 : 14 A.M. 11 : 14 ? That 's right before we got there . It 's a tip-off call.It had to be . It came from inside the 4400 center . Look , I really don 't know what to say . I can 't tell you why that call came from my office , but I didn 't make it . Heather , we 've got phone records that say it came fromour extension . You said the call was made around 11 : 10 , right ? Then there 's no way it could have been me . I was teaching a class from 11 : 00 to noon . I was standing in front of 12 students for the entire hour . I never left the room . Anyone else have access to your office ? Just the janitor , but you 'd have to ask maintenance . We will . We 'll need to talk to your students as well . Look , heather , ntac isn 't the only organization investigating the nova group . There 's going to be a lot of people looking at those phone records , and they 're all going to be less friendly than we are . Sorry , guys . It 's like I said--I was in class . That 's all I know . I got a little worried about you this afternoon . You were gone all day again . I was out walking . I like to do that now . Dad ... I need you to talk to shawn . Tell him he can 't break up with me . It would be a mistake . I can 't do that . For one thing , I don 't think it is . I know how much it must hurt right now , but you 'll get over it . Don 't talk to me like I 'm a teenager . There are things I have to do . They 're going to be really hard , dangerous , and if shawn 's not with me , it 's going to make things worse . Worse for who ? You ? No . Everyone else . Yeah ? And what if he says no ? Be more convincing . Heather . What 's up ? I need to talk to you . Listen ... I 've been thinking all day about this . I didn 't tell you everything this afternoon . There was someone who had the key to my office . Okay , this person ... I need to know who it was . Tom ... it was alana . I didn 't want to say anything in front of your partner . I 'm sure you understand why . Tom ... did alana know that you found out where this guy , gary , was living ? Yeah , yeah , she did.I ... I was on the phone with her when the tip came in.I told her . She knew we 'd been chasing gary for a long time . Heather , come on.It wasn 't alana . There has to be some other explanation . I hope so , and I hope you find it , but what do I do while you 're looking ? You said it yourself--you 're not the only one with access to those records , and you 're not the only one who 's going to come asking questions . You tell anyone who asks the same thing you told me this afternoon . Your alibi checks out . Unless you say differently , no one is going to be able to prove you lent that key to alana or anyone else . Heather , alana didn 't make that call . If you just stick to your story for one more day , this whole thing will be over . What if I say no ? She comes after me ? You ? I don 't know , but I know she 's determined to get you back . It 's like she sees you as her one connection to the world , to people , to a normal life . So , what you 're saying is it 's like my job to ... keep her , I don 't know , human ? It sounds that way , doesn 't it ? Look , shawn ... I 'm not trying to tell you what to do , but I do know this- - isabelle 's not giving up , not without a fight , and we 've both seen what happens when my daughter decides to fight . Is everything all right , thomas ? Don 't think about it as informing . You 're helping us catch a criminal . I need you to tell me , who did you lend heather 's office key to ? Sweetie , please.This is important . Somebody compromised our investigation . I didn 't give the key to anyone . It was me , thomas . I called gary navarro . I don 't understand.Are you a member of the nova group ? No , of course not . Then why ? I trusted you . I told you what we were doing , and you used it to betray me . I wasn 't betraying you . I did it for you . How many times have I heard you say that you felt responsible for what happened to gary navarro ? He came to you for help , and instead , the government used him and turned him against his own kind . I don 't like what happened to gary , but he chose to become a terrorist . He joined nova of his own free will . Gary wasn 't with the nova group anymore . What ? How would you even know that ? A lot of people at the center know it . After the nova group had T.J. Kim murdered , he turned his back on them . How can you even believe that ? Gary personally tried to murder dennis ryland . Ryland is responsible for the death of 28 4400s . 28 people that might have changed the world for the better were they allowed to live . He declared war on us . I almost died , thomas . All gary did was fight back . You should have told me what you were going to do . I wanted to ... but I couldn 'T . You were bound by your job . You couldn 't give gary another chance , so I did it for you . And now you 're going to stand trial right alongside him . You made that phone call from the center . It 's right there on gary 's phone records . They 'll figure it out it was you , alana . So , what , am I supposed to lie for you now ? Am I supposed to become gary 's accomplice too now ? I 'm not asking you to do anything , thomas . You want to turn me in , fine , but I believe I did the right thing ... and I hoped the man I love would believe it , too . Nikki , if I did pay off your dad 's hospital bill , and I 'm not admitting to anything , let 's just say that it 's not that big of a deal , okay ? I 'm glad to do something with my money . Giving up my social life to work seven days a week at this place has to have its perks , right ? I have a hard time believing that you don 't have a social life . Running this place is a big job , you know ? It kind of cuts you off from the world . Well , I don 't have $ 60,000 , but if you 're feeling isolated , maybe I can pay you back in another way . There 's a new sushi place that opened in belltown . It 's supposed to be pretty cool . You like sushi now ? You 're not the only one who can change . Just give me a second . Hey , shawn . Have you seen my copy of the republic in here ? No , you know what ? I haven 't seen it . Hello again . I 'm isabelle . N-nikki . Nice to meet you . I 've heard of you . Well , let me know if you find my book . I 'm right in the middle of it . So tomorrow night ? We 're going to check out this new sushi place ? yeah . Oh , my god . Tom ... I 'm so sorry . Anything I can do to help ? I don 't know . I don 't know what i can do . I can 't just turn alana in . And if we do catch gary , eventually , he 's going to give her up , so either way , her life is ruined . Well , tom , there 's no way you can try and shake this agency off gary 's scent . You 'll wind up a felon yourself . I have to do something , diana . We 're talking about alana . One way or another , we 've been together for more than a decade.We ... I have to protect her . Once I know she 's safe , then I can figure out how we move on . If we move on . You need to keep yourself safe , too . I think that the best thing that we can do , the only thing we can do , is to take ourselves off this case . And do what ? Cross your fingers . Hope gary buys himself a one-way ticket to costa rica . What did you expect to happen ? I don 't know . But it 's only for 36 hours , right ? That 's all they can hold her for . Honestly , I 'm not sure . They can hold her for as long as it takes to investigate her alibi . We 're talking about dennis ryland here . You 've told me a dozen times , he 'll do whatever it takes to get information . He 's going to interrogate her , and I don 't know how far it 's going to go . Alana ... I 'll call his office in the morning . I checked out heather 's alibi myself . I 'll give them my notes . It 'll all go on the record . Right now , that 's all I can do . You know ... I 'm always happy to talk to one of the 4400 , but I have to say , I was surprised to find you waiting outside my office this morning . You can release heather tobey . That phone call to gary navarro- - I was the one who made it . Dennis ... thanks for seeing me on such short notice . What were you thinking , tom ? To get romantically involved with a 4400 ... what alana did was misguided , it was wrong , but gary wasn 't part of the nova group anymore- - are you actually going to stand here and defend gary navarro to me ? The nova group isn 't a bridge club . You don 't just leave . Even if gary tried to , that doesn 't absolve his other crimes , which include attempted murder . If the doctors had gotten to me 30 seconds later , I would have been dead . I know how badly you want him , dennis . If it was up to me , gary navarro would never even make it to trial . Okay , forget about gary . Can we just ... concentrate on alana ? Well , I 'm afraid it 's not possible to make that distinction . They 're kind of intertwined , aren 't they , tom ? Alana will be prosecuted like any other member of the nova group . She 's not a member of the nova group ! Dennis ... dennis . We 've known each other for 25 years . You have to help me . Like you helped me when my back was to the wall ? I 'm not a petty man , tom . I 'll honor our relationship . Thank you . I appreciate anything you can do . I 'll tell nsa you had nothing to do with this . You may be a dupe , but you 're not a traitor . And as for alana , her best chance of seeing mercy is to cooperate fully and help us find gary navarro . Now you want to catch gary navarro ? Tom , we 've already passed the case off to roth and tierney . We 've got to get him before they do . We 've got to get him before ryland does.Before anyone . Look , ryland wants gary . It 's a personal thing . If we can get gary first , we can deal with ryland directly . A straight-up trade . Gary for alana . So ryland gets his hands on gary , and it happens with no official record . No arrest , none of that sticky due process . You really think that ryland 's going to agree to that ? If we dangle gary in front of him , in a heartbeat . Look , tom , you saved my daughter 's life . I owe you everything for that , and I 'll do what you want here , but ... this is dangerous , and it 's a lot of trouble to go to for A ... a woman who just betrayed you . I owe her that much . More than that . My son is incarcerated , diana . Alana 's been right there with me all the way through it ... and she doesn 't deserve to rot in some secret prison for the rest of her life . Well ... any idea where we 'd start ? Yeah . Hey , shawn . Isabelle . What are you doing in here ? I came by to talk . I know you 're still thinking about us , but we 're still friends , right ? I can still drop by . Well , isabelle , usually , friends knock . What 's up ? I came to talk to you about nikki . I know you pretty well . I don 't think she 's the right girl for you . Well , I don 't know why you think she 's my girl . You 're entitled to your opinion , though , I guess . I 'm just trying to protect you . I just have this feeling that ... if you guys get together ... it 's going to end badly . Isabelle ... what does that mean ? Are you threatening nikki now ? Of course not . Why would I threaten nikki ? It 's just ... I have this feeling that if you two ... hook up ... it 's not going to end well . Not for you . Especially not for her . It 's always harder on the girl , you know ? Hey . You doing okay ? More or less . I want to help you , alana . I want to get you out of here . I don 't think you can . I do . I think there 's a way , but I need you to trust me . remenber theyire listening I think you should cooperate with dennis ryland . Tell him whatever he wants to know . I can 't do that , thomas . That would be a betrayal . Learn to live with it . Listen to me--if you don 't cooperate , I don 't think you 're ever going to get out of here . I can 'T . Then I can 't help you . Thomas ... I was supposed to take the students on a field trip to the aquarium this afternoon . I need you to go there and leave them a note . There 's a bulletin board outside the aquarium . You should put it there , and it should say , " field trip canceled . " Some of the kids will show up with their parents . When you see them , give them my apologies . I 'll make sure they understand . It was a code . At least , I think it was . She was telling me how to get ahold of gary . Well , I don 't know , tom.It 's already been two hours . Let 's give it another 15 minutes . Diana ... gary , stop ! Get down ! Everybody get down ! Look out ! Look out ! Look out ! Get down ! Get down ! Look out ! Look out ! Get out of the way ! Don 't move , gary ! Don 't move ! It 's over , gary . Come on . Get up . So you 're going to turn me over to ryland . You know what he 's going to do to me , right ? Ryland is going to interrogate me . You know all about that . You 've seen that firsthand . And then he 's going to disappear me . No trial . No record . I 'm not a mind reader , gary . Not like you . I have no idea what ryland 's going to do with you . That 's how you 're going to get throughthis little hand-off with your conscience intact ? You want to know ? I 'm trading you for alana . She helped you.Now it 's your chance to help her . You owe her that much . You made your own bed , gary . Nobody forced you to join nova . Nobody forced you to kill people . I was a baseball player ! I was worried about making the major leagues . That 's it . If I hadn 't met you two , I 'd be shagging grounders right now . Okay , you should go- - if you still want to , that is- - but if you make this deal with ryland , it 's forever . We live with this . I 'll call you after the meet . You 're going to have to move him right away . 7 : 30 on the nose . I got to say , I 'm impressed . Big mogul like you , figured that you 'd keep a girl waiting . You ready to go ? Nikki , listen , we can 't do this . Do what ? Dinner ? Shawn , it 's not a big deal . That 's what people do at night . You know this is about more than just dinner ... I 'm sorry.I don 't mean to stand you up . I just ... I just can 't do this right now . Shawn , I don 't get it . What happened ? Did some adviser tell you that I don 't fit in with your pr strategy ? No , nothing like that . It 's going to sound like a stupid guy thing ... but me leaving here right now is the best thing I can do for you . All right , then . Go . Bye , nikki . So , tom , I 'm guessing that if I don 't agree to this ... trade you 're proposing ... you 're not going to drop navarro off at the nearest police station , are you ? You say no , and you can forget about getting your hands on gary navarro . I 'll get him a passport , a plane ticket ... he 'll be in a third world country by this time tomorrow . And if I decide to play along ? You want to know whether I 'll be asking questions about gary navarro after you drive away with him ? No . I won 't be . It 's going to be tricky to make the charges against alana go away . You can do it , dennis . I have faith in you . Let 's go . Listen ... takes this key ring . The blue key opens a safe deposit box . There are eight letters inside , and I 'd appreciate it if you 'd mail them . These letters , who are they addressed to ? Eight families . All over the world . Your nsa work . Those are the families of the 4400s that you helped target . Well , I figured it ... it 's time to let them know what happened . Give them a sense of closure . Seems like the least I can do . Seems like the only thing I can do , actually . You okay ? I 'm sorry . It 's all right . I know it wasn 't your idea . Nice working with you again , tom . Well , that went well . Tell me , why do I have such a weird feeling in my stomach ? It 's not easy to sentence a man to death . Quiet back there . It 's all right . Let him pray . Look out ! Get out of the car ! Get out ! Keep your hands where I can see them ! Up ! Keep your hands where I can see them ! You okay ? Okay . Tom , you need to think about this . Tom , you 're letting a terrorist walk free . No , I was a soldier . You created me . All I did was switch sides . Well , guess what--now I 'm done fighting . I 'm walking away from the war . There is no walking away . You 've got numerous federal charges hanging over your head , including attempted murder . Murderers walk free all the time , dennis . Some of them even get cushy jobs at fortune 500 companies . Very cute , tom . Have you thought about what this means for your girlfriend ? Making her a fugitive is kind of a funny way of showing your love . I 'd rather be on the run than be responsible for handing over a 4400 to you . Skouris ... you 're supposed to be the level-headed one . Are you really going to throw your career away because your partner is on some personal crusade ? Well , I don 't see it that way , dennis , and if you want to hold on to your job , you won 't say anything about this . A 4400 you personally signed out of a military detention facility ? A secret trade in a remote location ? It 's all kind of messy . I 'm guessing ... this one stays off the books . Let 's go . Nice working with you again , dennis . There 's two I.D.S in there , and there 's enough cash to last you for a while . The canadian border 's about 30 miles away . I 'd cross as soon as you can . Ryland will be looking . Yeah . You know , it 'S ... it 's been almost two years since I met you two , and I remember that you said that you would help me . Well , it 's been a long time coming , but I guess you finally came through . Thank you . I didn 't want us to end , thomas , ever ... but especially not here , like this . It doesn 't have to end . I can come with you . You can 'T . You need to be here . You 're one of the only good men left in this fight . I 'll find a way to bring you back . I promise . The 4400 Season 3 Episode 7 ( 2006 ) - The Home Front -
