 ( Suresh ) When evolution selects its agents , it does so at a cost . It makes demands in exchange for singularity . And you may be asked to do something against your very nature . Suddenly , the change in your life that should have been wonderful , comes as a betrayal . It may seem cruel , but the goal is nothing short of self-preservation . Survival . So , if our team wins , there 'll be a celebratory bonfire , where I need to represent . So it might be , like , midnight-ish . On a school night ? A celebratory school night . So , is that the quarterback ? Who ? The boy that you like , right over there . I don 't like him . I mean , he 's a very nice boy , but- - Yes , he 's the quarterback . If you really wanted to make me happy , you 'd only date nerds , you know . Well , it worked out very well for your mother . I love your glasses , Mr. Bennet . Thank you , Jackie . Rumor has it you 're a local hero . Pulled a man out of a burning train car . You heard about that ? O.M.G. , does everybody know ? It was on the news . You told half the school to set their TiVos . It 's going to be the cornerstone of my campaign for class president . I 'm running on a platform of moral , mental , and social advancement through good deeds . What do you think ? I think I need to get something out of my locker . ( Mr. Bennet ) Hey . Claire . Be careful . Okay ? [ telephone ringing ] [ speaking Japanese ] [ watch alarm beeping ] It 'll work . We 'll have the fundraiser here , not the ballroom . Makes me look fiscally responsible . Yes , it does . Pete , just the man I want to see . I need to talk to you . What do you think ? Red or blue ? I don 't know . Blue ? I 'm gonna go red . The president wears red . So you gonna come tonight ? Gonna break out the suit , have a couple of drinks ? Yeah . Rebuff the advances of my cute interns ? Emily . Yeah , I 'm gonna be there . Listen , I tried it again . Tried what ? What do you mean what ? What do you think that I mean ? I--I tried to fly . Would you keep your voice down ? You were there . Last night I could fly . This morning , nothing . I nearly broke my neck trying . Well , it would have solved one of our problems . So I went to the library to see if I could find anything on human flight . I came across this amazing book . Listen to this . " Genes determine obesity , " blood pressure . " Out of the 30 billion possibilities , one might contain the potential for human flight . " This guy knows what 's going on . Chandra Suresh . He 's a genetics professor in India . I called . They said that he qui | | six months ago . They think he 's here in New York . | | We gotta find this guy . We 've got a more immediate problem here . What ? It 's this woman reporter . She 's poking around into why you jumped off the roof . | | | | Look , Nathan , we flew . | | | | Aren 't | | ou curious how this h | | pened ? Yeah , I mean , I want answers , just like everyone else . I mean , just like you , okay ? But right now , today , I 'm trying to find a way to put a spin on this so it doesn 't look like crazy runs in our family . | | | | | | I | | ed to figure out why this is happening to me . To us . Responsibilities , Pete , okay ? I 've got an election to win and a family to feed , okay ? You are so- - What do you want to tell that reporter ? I know one thing we can 't tell her . The truth . [ key rattling in door lock ] Sorry . I still have your dad 's keys . Maybe I shouldn 't . Sorry . After being attacked , every noise I hear- - Sorry . Well , this is macaroni and cheese . It 's what Americans eat when they want to commit suicide slowly . Your dad said mine was the best he ever had , but he was from India , so- - Thank you . You 're very kind . You look like hell . When was the last time you slept ? All this work . I 'm no closer to understanding my father 's research . Well , what about the program on your dad 's computer ? Didn 't you say he cracked some code ? I thought he had . But the algorithm ... It 's gibberish . Know anybody who speaks gibberish ? The man with the horned-rim glasses . He chased me around the world- - Madras , Manhattan , this very apartment- - looking for it . But this isn 't anything . Well , then , why would he build it ? Why ? It was always this way with my father . Every question met with another question . Never an answer . Only " why ? " Even after he 's dead . Well , what about the map ? The map . The map is nothing until I can decipher the principle behind it . You know , if I could find even one such person , it would validate everything he believed . But I can 't . Your father had a lot of faith in you . My father only cared about proving he was right . He left his country , his family , chasing this insanity . And now I 'm wasting my life trying to prove him sane . Where did it get me ? Mohinder ! I 'm sorry . I 'm just so tired . ( Mohinder ) " Sylar . " ( Eden ) What is it ? Yet another question . I don 't know how else to explain this . I heard a little girl call for help . [ voice over intercom ] I went to her . That 's all that happened . So you just waltzed right in , found a kid hiding in a wall , then pulled the name Sylar out of your ass , when only a handful of us know that name . It 's like- - It was like someone was talking to me . Except it was in my head . Did the voices tell you anything else ? They want you to do things ? Rob a store , kill the president ? No . It 's more like I can ... hear people 's thoughts . Or something . I don 't know . Can you tell me what I 'm thinking ? No , I really can 't control this . It just sort of happens . Give it a shot , Carnac . I 'm wide open . You think I 'm nuts . Or stupid . Great trick . Stop wasting my time . [ Audrey 's thoughts , very garbled ] [ thinking ] Come on , Parkman , I need this more than you do . Nobody believes in me . Nobody believes in you . I know what that 's like . How much longer do I have to be in here ? Depends . How 'd you like to work with the FBI ? Claire . What are you doing running off to an away game ? That tape with all your attempts at bodily harm is still missing . Yeah , well if someone finds it , we 'll just tell ' em you 're some visual effects geek who did it with his computer . Now , can I get back to my life , please ? So that 's it ? You 're just gonna go pump your pom-poms , and pretend you 're no different than any other girl on the squad ? Yes , actually . But you are , Claire . You are different . Don 't you see that ? Don 't you see that none of this matters ? School spirit doesn 't matter . Being a pretty blonde cheerleader doesn 't matter . It 's not who you are anymore . Who am I ? So what , I can crawl through a wood chipper , and live to tell about it . That narrows my choices in life to freak or guinea pig . In most cases , both . What 's wrong with wanting to be normal ? You should try it . [ bell rings ] What are you doing here ? The door was open . Isaac , you have to get back to work . Your editor- - The comic book is late . You were taking them , weren 't you ? Yes , I 'm going to sell them in my gallery . And with the money , we can get you straightened out . Into rehab . I 'm not going into rehab . I found all your junk . The drugs , all of it . I flushed everything . How am I supposed to paint the future ? Nobody can paint the future . That 's the drugs talking . Look around you at all these paintings ! Every one of them has come true . Oh . And does that include this big one on the floor of New York going nuclear ? Yes . I don 't know how , I don 't know when , but- - I have to stop it . I don 't want to lose you , Simone . But if you don 't believe in me , then you shouldn 't be here . Fine . You think you can paint the future . Paint one without me in it . [ telephone ringing ] Hello ? [ Hiro speaking rapidly in Japanese ] I can 't understand a word you 're saying . Stop calling me here . You 've got the wrong number . Wrong number . [ speaking Japanese ] [ truck approaching ] [ grunting ] Hi . Hi . How 'd you sleep ? Good . Where are we ? [ engine starts ] On our way to Grandma 's house . [ knocking ] Micah ! Grandma . Oh , my . You 've grown . You always say that . I do . Yes , you do . Why don 't you go on inside ? You look thin . [ whistling ] Look , I know what it 's like to raise a boy on your own . To be stretched so far , you wish you could be in two places at once . I get it . But that boy needs more than you 've been giving him . He needs a steady hand and a stable environment . I can give him that . Why , because D.L. grew up to be such a model citizen ? My son , your husband , is a good man . You recognize this ? I found it in the desert . What 's that supposed to be ? This belonged to one of the men that your son murdered . I took it out of the grave . You know that all of D.L. ' s crew wore these . D.L. wouldn 't murder anybody . Ever . Wrong . He robbed Linderman and got away with $ 2 million , and then he killed his crew . ( Paulette ) My son was framed . And he 'd be rotting in some prison if he hadn 't escaped . Besides , if D.L. had $ 2 million ... Honey , he 'd be on some tropical island someplace , sitting out his years , with Micah . I want you out of my son 's life . Yeah , well , people in hell want ice water . It doesn 't mean they 're going to get it . Paulette , you have no idea what I am capable of . ( Matt ) You want to tell me why I 'm still here , or am I just gonna follow you around ? ( Audrey ) I need you to talk to her . Find out what she knows . Talk to who ? Molly Walker . The little girl you found . We 're keeping her here , where it 's safe , until we can figure out what to do with her . She 's been through a severe trauma . Both parents murdered right in front of her . She hasn 't said a word since we brought her here . What makes you think she 's gonna talk to me ? Well , if you 're really a mind reader , she won 't need to . Who is this Sylar ? What 's he doing ? We 've pieced a trail across a dozen states . All people impaled by household objects . Bones broken . All without any traceable sign of physical contact . But only some of them involve any mutilation of the head or neck , so they don 't see the connections . You think it 's all him . I think it 's gonna get a lot worse if someone doesn 't go after him . Mr. Sylar ? Hello ? ( Eden ) Shh . What are you actually gonna do if Sylar 's in there ? [ quietly ] If Sylar killed my father , I need to know why . I suppose that would have been too easy . Let 's go . No , all the answers could be behind this door . It 's locked , and I 'm kinda trying not to freak out now . So can we ease just go ? Or we could just break in . [ camera beeping ] A little light reading before bed . ( Mohinder ) Oh , my God . That map , those strings- - It 's exactly like your father 's . ( Mohinder ) Not exactly . This map has more of them . Dozens more . I know that guy . He 's running for Congress . His life may be in danger . Okay , can we please go now ? Not yet . Mohinder- - Dear God . What was my father involved with ? [ elevator bell dings ] We 're keeping her in a safe room down here . [ girl screaming ] Freeze ! It 's him . It 's Sylar . Hey . Hey , remember me ? It 's okay . It 's okay . No one 's gonna hurt you , honey . [ Molly thinking ] How could he find me ? That doesn 't matter . That doesn 't matter . You 're safe now You 're safe . All right . All right . Show me your hands ! Do it or I 'll put you down ! You okay ? Simone . Oh , hey . I was just coming up to check on my dad . Where are you going ? Aren 't you supposed to be on your shift ? I was just filling in my replacement , and saying bye to your dad . What ? [ whispers ] Come here a second . No . I 'm quitting . Why ? I called the agency and told them this morning . But my father- - Caroline 's gonna take really great care- - But she 's not you . This is not where I 'm supposed to be . It 's not what I 'm supposed to do . I can 't really explain it . [ sighs ] Well , try . Look , the truth is , I 've been trying to save the world , one person at a time . but I 'm meant for something bigger . Something important . I know it now . That 's- - That 's really all I can tell you . Bye . I 'll miss you . It 's New York . Everyone runs into each other sooner or later . Maybe it 'll be sooner . [ rock music playing ] Flames were everywhere . Oh , my God , I could hear the poor man coughing somewhere inside the train car . But there was smoke everywhere . I couldn 't see him . I was so scared , you guys . I was really scared . Nice effigy . [ laughs ] Thanks . I stayed up all night stuffing it with newspaper . I would have filled his head with firecrackers , but that 's just me . That would have been cool . Careful . If you stand too close , you 'll end up like that guy . I 'm not as flammable as he is . Dale Ledgerwood 's got a keg in the back of his truck . Are you sure this is okay ? We 're 30 miles from home . Who 's gonna know ? [ coughs ] Jackie told me you wanna meet your real mom and dad . I told Jackie that in confidence . You do realize you were talking to Jackie , right ? Is that why you 're bummed ? The whole adoption thing ? I mean , you didn 't , like just find out , did you ? Oh , no , no , no . They told me when I was really little . Why do you think I 'm bummed ? You don 't seem like yourself . Thought maybe something was wrong . You don 't know me well enough to know when I 'm not being myself . You never drink plain milk . It 's always chocolate . You draw mermaids in the margins of your notebook . Put crackers in your sandwiches to make them crunch . And you 're usually the first person to laugh at a joke . But I haven 't heard you laugh in a while . Lately you seem sort of sad . Have you been spying on me ? Claire , my goal tonight is to hear you laugh . [ firecrackers exploding ] ( guy ) Whoo ! [ laughs ] Did you put firecrackers in his head , just for me ? [ giggles ] [ door opens ] Hey , you waited up for me . Look , I know I missed our therapy session . It 's fine . No , it wasn 't . I 'm sorry . I was supposed to call you , and I meant to . I had the craziest day today . You would not believe what happened to me . It was so strange , and it was amazing and- - I don 't even know how to describe it . Then don 't . That 's it ? That 's it ? You waited up all this time so that you could tell me that you don 't want to talk to me ? Look , I really don 't want this to turn into a fight . And if I say anything else , it will . I 'm really trying , Matt . You know , this marriage may not mean anything to you- - What ? It does . Of course it does . What are you talking about ? I have a lot of stuff going on right now . So do I. It was supposed to be a good thing when I made associate , and you were suppose to be happy for me . But ever since , it 's like you 're mad at me for getting what I wanted , because you haven 't . I don 't mean to be . It 's just- - It 's hard . [ Janice 's thoughts ] I can 't do this anymore . I can 't do this anymore . I wish he would just leave . Fine . I will . [ rock music ] [ kids partying distantly ] Wait . Let 's take a little break . Want to go back to the party ? No , I just- - I 'm going through something , and I don 't know if now 's the right time . You know what ? You st need to relax . What 's gotten into you ? I just really like you , Claire . Don 't you like me ? [ bench clangs ] No , Brody , stop . Ow--oh ! Don 't hurt yourself . [ cries out ] No , stop it ! No ! This is gonna happen , Claire . [ screaming and crying ] Don 't be a bitch . Let it happen ! [ Claire crying and choking ] Claire . Claire ! You haven 't said a word the whole way home . Boy , that has got to be a record . Are you hungry ? You know , I was thinking that we could stop by that ice cream shop on the way home . You know , the one with those ginormous banana splits ? Why don 't you believe that Dad 's innocent ? I mean , you should be trying to help him . I know that you want to believe in your father . But I know what 's best , Micah . They 're gonna catch him , and he 's gonna go away for a long time . They 'll never find him . How do you know that ? Micah , do you know where he is ? [ police siren ] It 's okay . [ police radio droning ] Is there a problem , Officer ? Mr. Linderman wants to see you . [ quietly ] I 'm with my son . [ conversations overlapping ] [ thunder ] [ chuckles ] So I guess sooner rather than later . To destiny . Mmm . May we recognize it when we see it . To love . May we stay away from it when it 's no good for us . You know earlier today , when you were telling me how you 'd changed ? Yeah . I noticed it . There 's just something different . It 's like a look in your eye . A confidence . There 's something I should tell you . Something , uh ... I didn 't think was right to say when I still worked for your father . Something I wouldn 't have even said to you two days ago . I 've been in love with you since the minute I first laid eyes on you . ( Nathan over P.A. ) Excuse me . Everyone excuse me . [ thunder ] I 'd like to apologize about the rain . If you elect me , I promise I 'll try and do something about it . [ laughter ] I 'd like to welcome you all here , on behalf of my family , my entire campaign staff . I 'm sure that you know my brave wife would be here by my side , were she able . The life-altering event of my father 's death is really what prompted me to run for Congress . My father hid a deep depression- - an illness , really- - up until the day he died . His loving wife , his attentive children , his loyal friends- - We all knew about it , and yet he suffered alone . As many of you might have read , my brother Peter had an accident . But what I have kept from the press thus far is that Peter barely survived a suicide attempt . [ murmuring ] My first instinct was to keep his illness hidden . But no one should suffer alone . Because we 're all connected somehow . Everyone in this room . You , me , everyone in this city . And we need to look out for each other . Nissan Versa . Nissan Versa . That 's a popular choice . Let me check to see if we still have any left . Nissan- - Hiro . [ speaking Japanese ] You 're in luck . We have one left . How you doing ? Well , I 'm , uh- - [ bartender 's thoughts ] It 's a rhetorical question . Just say " fine " and order a drink . Uh , fine . Whatever you got on tap . [ man 's thoughts , scrambled ] Do I have time for another one ? I don 't want to go home to that shrew . She 's sucking the life out of me . What 's he looking at ? What 's he looking at ? Barking up the wrong tree , pal . Barking up the wrong tree , pal . [ woman 's thoughts , scrambled ] What am I doing here ? Am I that desperate ? [ man 's thoughts ] She is diggin ' me . I am in for sure . [ woman 's thoughts ] What if I just disappeared ? Would anybody care ? How long would it take to notice I 'm gone ? [ man 's thoughts fading in and out ] [ thoughts fade away ] [ pool balls clack , music playing ] We were in the apartment . We saw everything . Wanna tell me what you were doing in there ? Please , just follow me . I believe this man Sylar killed my father . He has a list of targets , including a man who 's running for Congress . [ thunder ] ( Nathan ) He turns around to the other one and says , " Holy cow , a talking dog . " Unh ! You son of a bitch ! Uhh ! Let him go . Easy , Pete , that 's our mother you 're talking about . There was no reporter on my story ! There would have been , eventually . I had to take control of things before something happened . Do you under- - Ow . You get it , right ? Yeah , I get it . Good man . [ thunder ] [ ethereal music ] * * [ thunder ] ( Simone ) You 're bleeding . Am I ? Look , what Nathan said , it 's not true . I didn 't try to kill myself . I know . [ thunder ] ( Suresh ) This force , evolution , is not sentimental . Like the earth itself , it knows only the hard facts of life 's struggle with death . [ footsteps , door shuts ] All you can do it hope and trust [ coughing ] that when you 've served its needs faithfully , there may still remain some glimmer of the life you once knew . [ panting ] Holy- -
