 [ Previously on the 4400 ... ] We 're not sure what 's just happened . The light is gone , and thousands of people have just suddenly appeared . Tom is the best agent I 've ever worked with , maybe the best you 've got in this división . I thought I was being re-assigned to field duty . You are , effective immediately . Work 's been a little crazy lately oh , the job ? I 've been waiting for that one . It finally feels like old times around here . April , glad to hear from you . You 're my sister . Surprised ? How come I 've never met you before ? - It 's complicated . - We 've been busy . I 'm shawn farrell . I am one of the 4400 . Can I sign you up for a tour ? I was looking for cousin , shawn farrell . Policy prohibits me from discussing our membership . Been to that place where you 're living . There 's some serious stepford wives vibes going on there . You know that , right ? These centers , they 're a chance to bring people together . Sounds like someone got inside your head . I will not allow these shadows from your past to alter your perceptions . The goal is what matters . Ensure the future . Save the planet . If maia 's having visions , you should know about it and you should know what they are . Isabelle is six months old . I don 't know why she talks to me and not to you . Talks ? Ntac ? Collier ? I don 't know who it is , but someone knows we 're 4400s . Start packing How 'd it go today , daddy ? That bad , huh ? Nobody wants to buy time shares in wilmington , idaho . Baja california , maybe . If I were you , I 'd go in there and tell them " either let me have the good listings , or I quit " . The whole staff wants baja , honey and I don 't have the seniority . How is that fair ? You 've been a salesman longer than any of them . Salesman , not telemarketer . It 's different . Hey , hey . Appelbaum . Payday . Leave him alone ! He 's trying to pay you back ! This your beer , appelbaum ? You don 't mind if I quench my thirst , do you ? Honey , stay back . Stay back . I just need a couple more weeks . Something will turn around . You know , in my business you hear every sob story in the book but I got to tell you , yours is a new one " disappeared 15 years ago , " came back in a ball of light wife died daughter dropped out of school " You got a bad break , but you borrowed the money , and now you 're going to have to pay me back . I 'll figure something out . Oh , you do it quickly , because you and I are going to talk again in 48 hours . I thought you 4400s got special powers . How come you 're such a big nothing ? Just lucky , I guess . All right , let 's go . Thanks for the beer . Should be at eric 's place tomorrow . Be nice to see a friendly face , maybe sleep in for a change . Sounds good . You like eric , right ? Yes You guys got along in quarantine . Richard , I 'm late . Like , " I might be pregnant " late . You sure ? No , I 'm not sure . I 'm late . Well , we just have to wait and see . Wait and see ? We could go to the drug store , maybe ... get one of those test things . And what would you want it to say ? I 'd like it to say , " congratulations . You have a job , a house , and a future . You 're ready for another child . " But I don 't think it 's going to say that . No . Probably not . $ 3,150 ... 32 , 33 ... $ 3,400 . Well , that should keep that creep happy for a while . I 'm sorry about your car . I 'll ride the bus to work . Sorry about the televisión . I 'll read a book . Appelbaum , the miracle man , huh ? You notice anything different about me ? My god ... 75 pounds in two days . Now , at first , I thought the termites had gotten me . You know , I was sick ... cancer . Doctors ran all the tests . Turns out I 'm fine . But how could I lose all that weight ? Then I thought of you . Me and you , we shared a bottle of beer , and you 're one of those 4400s . What does that prove ? Nothing yet . But let 's ... let 's find out . I want you to take a sip . Because if I 'm right , you made me lose all this weight , and then the same thing should happen to my wife . Who ... mm ... though I love very much , I do ... could stand to lose maybe 20 pounds . 30 . Go ahead . Drink up . Applebaum ... these people who took you , they set you up for life . They snatched up a bum salesman , and they sent you back " the human diet . " " The human diet . " I like that . Go ahead . * So long ago , another life * * I can feel your heart beat * * it 's not a dream , remember us * * I can see it in your eyes * * we 'll find our place in time * * our place in time beyond the sun * * we 'll find our place in time * * our place in time to call our own * Chloe thank you thank you reading Jordan 's book was an absolute Revelation I bought copies for all my back up dangers and we discuss it every night after the show she cut her tour short yes , because i felt like i had to be here obviously , i 'm not one of 4400 but i expect to be treated just like any other student here if i 'm lucky enough to tap into an ability i will use it to ensure the world a brighter future congratulations , Chloe Greezer , you have achieved " first key " thank you Last year , she was into Compila . It 's amazing , i lost 23 pounds i haven 't weighed less than 130 since college told you applebaum was a real deal , right ? You have been happy harrassing him anymore honey , what we got from him is way more than he owns me , right ? Come on turn around Question of the day who is Trent Applebaum and why is Drandix coporation calling me about it . Applebaum disappeared in the late 80 's he 's in phone-sells , right ? And now he 's selling himself he claimed that his saliva is catalogued for weight loss Applebaum backed his claim up ? Two good satisfied customers married couple , one drop 75 pounds , the other 23 particularly over a night my god they got a hand of the future on this one if they really give him this ability , it could be the cure for adiposity yeah , it will change the world that 's about to change Trent Applebaum 's world he hired a lawyer , an agent they were asking 20 million dollars but Trent 's in a bidding war with three other company so ... who knows what the final number will end up a 4400 selling exclusive rights to his ability is legal our lawyer is looking into conjunction but at the moment , no legislation specifically prevents it then our guy Stands to be a very rich man hmm maybe we should go see him yeah , find out if he 's really worth 20 million dollars hey hey jet pilot did i get it right ? Close enough so ... you sounded a little freaked out on the phone anything i should know about ? Better that you don 't look at you two , love birds from quarantine building B this little cutie must be Isabelle . Your daddy told me all about you i bet he did look , come on in . I 'll show you guys the guest room or maybe somebody sleep on the couch not too shabby from my first college it was a good paper , well fall out so what 's the minus for ? Well , i always like to leave a bit room for improvement last days of pompeii yeah , they throw that party every year you should go , go out some steam you 've earned it i hate to go alone , you 're up for it ? I probably love to have remembered that threat not my scene , but don 't let me stop you i don 't know how it works , they put something inside me one of those enzyme or whatever so someone drinks from the same bottle as you do and they lose weight maybe we should give him a demonstration cut it out , Louis she thinks she needs to lose eight pounds try ten sweetie , you 're beautiful , you don 't need to lose anything he 's right about that , you don 't a lot of kids go to college when they 're eighteen and Lis had to take a job at a diner we were apart for sixteen years but while i was gone , they gave me a way to make it up to her Mr. Applebaum , no one 's telling you not to provide for your daughter but a 4400 putting his gift on the open market is the first we wanna make sure nobody gets to take advantage of that not you , not the buyer , other 4400 ... you don 't have to teach me about selling i 've been a salesman my whole life most of the stuff i paddled junk but now i got the product that everybody wants and only i can provide , i 'm the damn product nobody is putting Trent Appelbaum back in the bottle my father fought in Korea , infantry i flew in 36 Eric told me daddy admired you guys he said there were only 25 black pilots in the whole air force who allowed to flylike everybody else there weren 't a lot of us , it 's true the first person i met long time ago couldn 't metion the Korea War that was a big deal in our house , we always go to pray yeah , my grandfather and my mom said he 'd take me too except it was called " Armistice Day " back day for world war one put on those boot dress , go visit old buddy daddy looks so handsome in his uniform i bet you 'd too i 'd like to meet him sometime yeah , well , too late he passed away two years ago this August i 'm sorry to hear that thank you he would really love to meet you too the guy was 81 , he was born four years after i was well , lucky for you , i like elder man so Rrichard , we 've known what were you up to in 1951 how about lately well , i 've been working as an alternate weekend oh , really ? So what brings you to this part of the country , it 's kind of remote for vacation they came to see me , as 4400 , we gotta stick together we have bond that you mere human will never understand Eric , you freak me out when you talk that 4400 unity crap not much of a talker , are you , Lily ? I 'm not really used to be in social situation since these days you are a luky man with this one here but i guess you already noticed that , didn 't you ? I have to pee for about 75th-time today i have to change Issabelle that thing is beautiful other all beautiful i just like them better in this book than i do on somebody 's shoulder you don 't get it , Día ( Diana ) This drawing are not meant live on the page they 're meant to live on the skin that 's very deep but you 're right , i don 't get it i do ok , you got to let this brilliant little girl go with me tomorrow it 's a tattoo shop a boddy art emporium and for five hours tomorrow i 'm the featured artist you must be pretty good can we go just for a little while one hour Shawn , have you seen Chloe 's schedule ? Why would i see Chloe 's schedule , Devon ? She has an interview with media three o 'clock tomorrow ? Oh , hopefully , she will mention the center but her nutrition and purification class is at three o 'clock yeah , i think i heard Jordan said she was excused from the ... she 's been on the microbiotic diet for three years also she says look , i 'm sure Jordan plans on treating Chloe like any other student Ok ? No , i 'm ready to close . I don 't wanna wait , just tell him it 's done and i 'll be in tomorrow alright , thanks , Celine how much ? 40 million dollars come up it 's on its way but sir , this will be your fourth stake we 're hungry Ok , just hate to see make yourself sick no one is sick , we 're hungry and starving , now go go get your hands up , please , go i 'm starving Morning ... you 're not dressed ? Those guys from arkham films are here to pitch us . Oh , the recruitment video . Yeah , well , you can handle that meeting , can 't you ? Well , yeah , sure , if you 're too busy , yeah . Hey . Guess jordan 's getting a late start this morning . My bad . I 'm going to just jump in the shower , okay ? Shower sounds good , chloe . Close your mouth , shawn . You 'll draw flies . One-on-one tutoring with a first key ? That 'S . That 's new . First key or not , chloe demands ... deserves a different level of attention . She 's our entree , shawn , into the entertainment community . Jordan , you have an entire chapter in your book that rips celebrity culture . It 's a cancer that separates people , that helps define the haves and have-nots . And 4400 culture is all about unity . Yes . Please , shawn do not quote me back to myself . The fact is , celebrities have deep pockets and deeper insecurities , and we can use both to our advantage . You can be a manipulative prick . You know that ? Yeah . Well . It helps to use your entire skill set when you 're trying to change the world . You and lily should think about putting down some roots here . I think all this running is fraying you both around the edges . You noticed . Hard not to . You can do a lot worse than white bird . It 's quiet . Everyone minds their own business . Eventually you 're going to have to stop criss-crossing the highways . Might as well do it here , before you run out of road . Thank you , by the way . For not asking what we 're running from . I figured if you wanted me to know , you 'd tell me . Look , richard . I got all the work I can handle up in livingston , keeping up these movie stars ' second homes . I could use a hand . You offering me a job ? They used to call us handymen . Now we 're property managers . Either way , you 'd be working with me , not for me . And if you 'll just sign right here ... as agreed ... your signing bonus . When do I start ? You 're making breakfast . As you pour the milk over your cereal , you notice that there 's a photo of a missing child on the side of the carton . It takes you a moment to realize that it 's a picture of you at 10 years old . This one 's giving me the chills . Who 's making this stuff up ? Moron . Devon , do not let jordan hear you say that . The two of them hooked up last night . Yeah , and by the looks of it , probably this morning , too . There 's a telephone number on the missing persons report . It 's the number of your childhood home . Stay here ? You mean permanently ? It 's a nice town , and eric says I can start work tomorrow . Look , lily . We 've got to get you off the road , especially if you 're pregnant again . I 'm not . You sure ? Positive . Please don 't try and pretend you 're not relieved . Relieved ? Lily , I was trying to wrap my head around it , that 's all . Especially if we 're not going to be running anymore . I don 't know about this place , richard . Isabelle thinks ... oh , let me guess . We should move on . I was hoping we could go to salem , oregon . I have some relatives there . I think they might be willing to help us out and keep quiet about it . Salem ? That 's a city . Maybe we could get lost in a crowd for a change . This place this life , it feels right to me . This is eric 's life . It 's not yours . It 's not ours . No , this is not a negotiating stance . It 's my answer ... no . Goodbye . So let me guess ... the answer is no ? That was a rep from the yoyotron corp . They want to sign maia to a $ 300,000-a-year holding contract . But maia doesn 't have any ability anymore . Well , you don 't need any to make any of these deals . They 're signing 4400s up on spec . They want them in their pocket in case something develops down the line . Well , you did the right thing by saying no . Tom . About maia . What ? She 's okay , isn 't she ? She 's fine . I 've been trying to figure out the right time to tell you this . I probably should have done it right away , but . You know those visions that maia used to have ? It turns out she was only pretending that they stopped . How long have you known ? Not long . I only found out because I read her diary , but it was an eyeful . You going to tell jarvis ? I 'd rather not turn my daughter 's diary over to the government . Hey , don 't give me that look , tom . You kept shawn 's ability to yourself for quite some time . Guess we 're even now . See how cool that looks ? Your aunt , she 's a real artist . Oh , say it again , billy boy . I don 't think my sister heard you . Oh , I heard him . You 're a star . Believe it . As soon as I heard april was appearing here , I booked my time right away . So did pretty much all of my buddies . That 's impressive . I 'm proud of you . Wait a minute . You didn 't actually just say that you were proud of me ? Cut it out . Of course I am . I always thought you thought I was a loser . Did you really think that ? Yeah , I really did . April . All I said was that I liked the tattoo . You don 't always wear your helmet , do you ? You should wear one tonight . Why 's that ? You won 't make it over to monica 's house if you don 't . Does that hurt ? How do you know about my girlfriend ? I really think you should wear your helmet . You killed her . Dmitri ? What happened to you ? My wife , she 's gone . Doctors say that she starved to death . I 'm next . You killed us both . How many times am I supposed to tell you ? I don 't know how I got to that store . And I sure as hell don 't remember breaking any window . Not remembering is no excuse . And stop telling me somebody spiked your drink . The police ran tests . Kyle . There 's no ghb in your system . What else could it be ? You spent three years in a coma . You have no business drinking anything ! Okay . So I screwed up . I 'm sorry . What more do you want ? How about acknowledging that this was serious ? Do you know how close they were to charging you with breaking and entering ? Which by the way is a felony . If I didn 't play the ntac card . You 'd be sitting in a jail cell right now . Can I go to bed ? No . This is serious . You want to make up for last time . Kyle . I get it . I get it . But we need to talk about some ground rules for you . I 'm not a kid . I don 't need ground rules . I wouldn 't know that from tonight . Answer it . What ? You 're kidding me . Yeah . I 'll be right in . We 'll finish this later . What happened to laying down the law ? Oh . Right . Something more important came up . Just go upstairs . Kyle . Just go upstairs . Richard ? What are you doing out here ? Oh . I 'm just getting some air . Well . Hop in . We 'll give you a ride back . I was reading about your air force unit on the internet yesterday . No kidding . I looked at it a couple times too . You guys were one of the most decorated flying squads ... tara . Will you stop pestering the man about his past ? It 's okay . I don 't mind . Well . As long as you 're feeling talkative . I 've got a question for you ... what did a brother have to do back in the ' 50s before they 'd let you fly a plane . Huh ? Polish the officer 's boots on the weekends ? David . No . No . No . Seriously . I mean . I 'm wondering . Boy must 've done some serious bowing and scraping before they 'd hand you them keys . Right ? Okay . That is enough . I 'm so sorry . Richard . No problem . Some people the less they know the more they talk . Oh . I know some things . I know a lot more than you realize . What 's that supposed to mean ? It means quit fawning over the man and keep your mouth closed . Why don 't you just let me out right here ? Hey . You sit back and relax . Huh ? Now this here ? It 's called marriage . That 's all . You know what I 'm talking about . Dmitri 's dead ? Organ failure resulting from malnutrition just like his wife . They were supposed to lose 20 or 30 pounds . Not starve to death . Are you sure there isn 't anyone else ? Family ? Friends ? No . Did you kiss anyone ? Share a drinking glass ? No . There 's no one else . We think we know what happened to the kazars . There 's a protein in your saliva that hyper-accelerated their metabolism . It 's a cagey one too . It stimulates the brain to release epinephrine and it breaks down fat cells at the same time . No wonder they burned up calories faster than their bodies could take them in . Well . They could eat anything and everything and still starve to death . That doesn 't make any sense . We 're supposed to be helping people . Right ? That 's why we were sent back . All I wanted was to make good for my daughter . Now I 'm a murderer . You didn 't mean to do it trent . That supposed to make me feel better ? We 're going to have to keep you here . Try and find a way to remove the protein from your system . Well . The good news is we caught it early . A lot more people could have been infected . Oh . No . I was at drandix this morning . I spent two hours in their lab giving tissue samples . Oh my god . Look this isn 't my fault . And I have the documents to prove it . How many people did you test ? Look . My bosses . They wanted a clinical trial up and running by the end of the day . They said . " make it your top priority . " How many ? A hundred . Whoa . Whoa . Whoa . Hey . What 's going on ? What 's going on ? Why would devon try to kill herself ? Obviously she 's a very troubled young girl . But she 's going to be okay though ? Yeah . They were able to pump her stomach out at the emergency room . She 's at home recovering . Okay . I think what we need to do right now is continue our work . Kyle if the cops say you didn 't get " g " ed . You have to believe them right ? They could have screwed up the test . I didn 't drink that much . Well maybe your dad 's right . Maybe you shouldn 't drink at all . I hope it was just the booze . Well . What else could it have been ? When I first came out of my coma . I wasn 't quite myself . I hope it 's not happening again . I don 't know exactly what you mean . But if you 're losing chunks of time . You should talk to your dad about it . What 's he going to do ? Turn me over to ntac medical ? I 'm not going back into quarantine . No way . If you 're looking for eric ... now there 's your goddamn apology . What are you talking about ? She was at me all morning . " Richard this . " " Richard that . " I should " go apologize . " From here on in . You stay the hell away from my wife . You 're crazy . Right ? I 've got nothing going on with your wife . Now you 'd better step away and take a deep breath or something . Man . I step where I please . Now . Listen to me . You 're going to go home . And you 're going to apologize to tara . And if you 've got any brains at all . You 're going to start treating her better . Because if you don 't . One day someone is going to take her away from you . Now get your ass out of here . Trent . This isn 't helping . I had to see what I did . You want to do something ? Get back to the lab . Help them work on a way to counter this . Just let me call elise first huh ? She 'll be wondering where I was all night . Help me . Elise ? Daddy ? Help me I 'm sorry . I just wanted to lose 10 pounds . Baby . I told you you were perfect . I used one of your water glasses . We 're going to get you help . We 're going to get everybody help . Tom . We 've got something . What ? Tell me . Well . I asked the guys downstairs if we could approach this like a smallpox vaccine use trace amounts of the antigen to build resistance and counter the effects of the disease . These people are starving to death . Yeah . But it 's because of a chemical reaction . Now . They biopsied trent 's liver . That 's where the protein is coming from . So if we extract this protein . They can make a serum that will stimulate antibody production in the victims . But they 're going to have to harvest tissue to do it . How much of his liver would they have to use ? Given how much time we have . They want to take all of it . I 've never seen a sunset like that . The way it takes forever to go down . It 's like it doesn 't want to give up the sky . It 's a pretty sky . Worth holding on to . I 'm sorry . What for ? For letting you believe even for a second . That I wouldn 't want to have another child with you . I want to build a future for us lily . I just need to get my feet under me first . Well maybe if we stay here you can . I mean it richard . You love it here . I don 't want to stand in the way of that . I 'd sure hate to give up that sky . Me too . Are you even sure this will work ? Well . It 's elise 's only shot ... her and all the others . We 've got a matching donor lined up . It 's still a big risk . But say the word and the liver 's on its way . Okay . Then . You want to close this deal . Here 's the fine print ... you want elise to go to school . It 's already done . I talked to drandix . They 've agreed to open up a college fund in her name . Sold . Great . Your mom put them in a vase for me . She 's a very nice lady . They 're very pretty shawn . But you didn 't have to . Well I wanted to . I hope jordan 's not too upset . No . No . Hey . He 's probably too busy with his pet superstar . Devon . What are you doing thinking about jordan and chloe right now ? Hey . Hey . You have no idea how I feel about him . How deep it runs . I worship jordan for everything he 's given me . For allowing me to be so close to him . He took me to a place I never thought possible . Devon . Are you telling me that you and jordan . Jordan 's heart is full of love . He shares that love with me . It 's an honor . An honor that chloe doesn 't deserve . She 's not a real student of jordan 's . Billy ? God . What happened to you ? At the shop the other night . I got clipped by a car on the way out of the parking lot . But you were wearing your helmet . Weren 't you ? Yeah . Doctors said it saved my life . How 'd you know that was going to happen to me ? Children 's intuition . I 'm glad you 're okay . Yeah . Me too . It 's a shame to lose you so soon . Sucks huh ? I thought my atlanta dates were pushed . Now they 're threatening to sue if I don 't show . You 've made such progress in such a short period of time . Yeah . Believe me . That doesn 't happen very often . Well . I sure as hell hope not . You know me jordan ... I like feeling special . You are . This was amazing . I can 't wait to get back here . Goodbye . Talk about a quick study . Third key status in less than a week huh ? Noblesse oblige shawn . She benefits and so do we . It 's too bad all of the women that you screw don 't share the same benefits . That 's cheap and childish . I expect more of you . I know the feeling . I am so sorry you two . What 's wrong ? It 's david . He just looked on the website for the 4400s . It said that you two were missing . That you hadn 't reported in the way you were supposed to . I heard him on the phone just now . He 's reporting you guys to the government . Sorry about that idiot david . Man . I would have loved to have you two around . Thanks for putting us up . Uh-uh . I can 'T . Take it . Man . Call it a down payment on your next house . Wherever that may be . Hope you find a safe place . I thought it was here . Is my dad going to be all right ? Well . He 's going to be in intensive care for a while . But the transplant . It went well . Your dad 's a hero . I 'm going to tell him that when he wakes up . If you have something to say . Now would be a good time . You know what ? You want to hand out keys like they 're junk mail . You be my guest . That woman will play to 20.000 people every night . Wearing our insignia . Promoting our image . Image ? How does nailing your secretary help our image . Jordan ? I 'm not perfect . I never pretended ... I don 't need perfection ! I just want you to stop giving me reason to think of you as some kind of hypocrite . When you 're running this place . Shawn . You can behave as nobly as you 'd like . Meaning what ? Meaning one day all of this will be yours . The paperwork 's been drawn up . The lawyers know what to do . Everything 's in place . But you 're not going anywhere ? Nevertheless . I sleep better knowing my life 's work is in the hands of the saintly . The unsullied shawn farrell . So we thought we had a cure for the world 's obesity problems . Yeah . And instead . We 've got two dead bodies . A hundred other people in recovery . And one corporation scrambling to cover its ass . It looks like the great 4400 gold rush is over . Making the point of this little exercise what . Exactly ? Well . Maybe they got it wrong . They thought they had a cure . But they didn 't . I mean . They 're from the future . But they 're still human beings . Right ? Let 's not rush to judgment . We know rapid weight loss is the effect on the human body . But if the purpose of this protein is to provoke metabolic chemical change . It could have other applications . Like . I don 't know ... breaking down toxic waste . It could rid the ocean of pollutants . Maybe even restore in the ozone layer . So in other words . The possibilities are pretty much endless . That 's all they are right now though possibilities . I mean we 're years away from practical use . But with his new liver . Appelbaum won 't be able to produce the chemical anymore . He doesn 't have to . Now that we 've got it isolated . We can reproduce it and find out what we 've really got here . So trent earned his golden parachute after all . Maybe his daughter can study chemistry in college . Hey . All right . There won 't be any interruptions on my end . Is this a good time to talk ? Yeah . Okay . Um . Here to say thanks . For getting me off the hook with the cops . Look kyle . I know you 're going to make mistakes . I did when I was your age . The only thing I ask is you let me help you learn from them . Makes sense . So I just need to know . You told me everything that happened that night . Right ? Yeah .
