 We 're not a threat . We 're salvation . The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 : Do you know who I am ? As soon as I am free , you and the world will know what I know . My son is in prison . You 're the one who can get him out . Did you kill me ? That 's Jordan CoIIier ! tell them I didn 't kill you ! You 're gonna get married . I saw it . Did you happen to see who the lucky guy was ? Someone just told me that I met the woman that I 'm supposed to be with , and I can 't ignore it . He broke up with me ! - I 've done bad things . - You are the enemy . Tell me what to do. I 'll do anything . Leave the 4400 Center and never come back . They won 't be able to hide for long . Dr. Burkhoff 's not exactly inconspicuous . We are proud to announce the existence of this Enhanced Soldier program . In time , they 'll become the first non-4400s to develop extra-human abilities in the defense of the United States . You have a source of promicin for your program . Who is it ? That stuff happens way above my security clearance . The soldiers , are you really gonna use them to defend the country ? Or are you just gonna send them after the 4400 ? Is there a difference ? Mr. CoIIier , you 've been doing quite a bit of press since your ... Resurrection . I suppose some people are calling it that . And in every interview , you 've been making the same statement over and over again . The war for the future will be fought in the past . exactly . And by past , do you mean now , today ? It 's our shared burden . Yes . And this war , it 's one between the 4400s and the non-4400s ? No . This is a war between good and evil . And it has already started . Good people , 4400s and non-4400s ... Come on , kyle . Dinner 's ready . - ... have made incredible sacrifices . - I 'II be right there . And they know they will be called on to sacrifice even more . They 're among the first to know the cost of this struggle , because for better or worse , all our lives are different now . Profoundly different . That 's what wars do . They change us . But the stakes ... well , the stakes are nothing less than the fate of mankind . But why does there need to be a war at all ? I 've seen the future , and it 's a bleak one . The human race is old . It 's sick , it 's dying . What 's left of civilization is controlled by a brutal and powerful elite who have effectively shut themselves off in the world 's last city while the rest of humanity struggle for survival in the surrounding wasteland . - Sounds pretty hopeless . - Doesn 't it ? But there is hope . There is always hope and it rests with us . We can change the future , but we must start now , today . Everything crucial to the world 's survival , its prosperity- - The resources of this planet : food , water , energy . The genetic materials of life itself . - -already , even as I speak , are being gathered up and controlled by a powerful and isolated few . This must stop . We must stop it . Our enemies are strong , and they grow stronger daily . And they will go to any lengths to maintain their dominance , to confine us to our current path , a path leading only to disaster . only to the catastrophic future that awaits us . We must band together to fight this , this evil amongst us . An evil that would destroy us all . We won 't have another chance . Look , I 'm telling you , I don 't know what happened , okay ? One minute I 'm going over the bulletins with Havemeyer . Next thing I know , I got drool all over my shirt , and Havemeyer 's snoring . So you 're saying the night shift just fell asleep ? fell asleep , passed out . I don 't remember . - What the hell is going on ? - Good question . I 've got an entire building full of agents who can 't remember a damn thing . And while they were napping , every member of the Nova Group in NTAC custody walked out the front door . Yeah , walked , ran , flew . No way of knowing since they erased the security tapes . But every 4400 downstairs gets injected with the promicin inhibitor . So none of them could 've used their abilities to escape . They must have had help . Someone on the outside , a 4400 . No , more than one . Someone to knock our people out , another to disable the security system . So we talking sympathizers or members we 've never caught ? Either way , it looks like someone 's putting the Nova Group back together . paul NewboId has the ability to raise or lower body temperature . Tina Richardson , she wipes memories . She can make you forget what you had for breakfast , or she can erase your entire life . Then there 's my old friend Boyd GeIder , who can take over your entire life . The ultimate impersonator . Any one of these people is capable of wreaking serious havoc . well , they 've done it before . We have to assume someone broke them out so they could do it again . The Nova Group has a Iot of scores to settle , starting with your nephew . I called Shawn . The 4400 Center 's already a fortress . But he 'II make sure to kick it up a level . Dennis RyIand 's gotta be high on their hit list . Yeah , and alana and kyle . Boyd came after my family before . Go . I 'II send some agents over to watch your house . It 's him . Here we go . - Can we ask you one question , sir ? - Agent baldwin , one more question . Agent baldwin , why won 't your son make a statement ? Did someone pay him to shoot Jordan CoIIier ? Did he always know CoIIier was alive ? Just one question . So how long are we gonna be stuck in here , a few days , couple of months ? hopefully not too long . We caught Boyd GeIder once , we 'II track him down again . In the meantime , kyle , you need to stay close to home . Don 't go anywhere unless it 's absolutely necessary . That shouldn 't be too bad . After all , you could still be in prison , I couId still be living on the run . Compared to that , staying close to home is kind of nice . And before you know it , you 'II be heading back to school . She has a point , kyle . Did you see those registration forms I Ieft for you ? If you Iike , I couId- - You know , I couId run them over to the admissions office . I 'm not sure I 'm ready to go back to school . If you wanna wait a semester , that 's up to you . But I figured , you know , going back to school will help things get back to normal . Dad , have you looked outside ? - That 's not going to happen . - kyle , you just have to be patient . Dad , I know you 're trying to help , but Jordan CoIIier came back from the dead . No one 's ever gonna forget that . As long as they remember Jordan CoIIier , they 're gonna remember the guy who shot him . I warned Nina Jarvis . I told her that NTAC was totally unprepared for the threat posed by these people . Did she listen ? No . And here 's the result . NTAC is literally asleep at their desks , while the most dangerous 4400s stroll out the door . We 're talking about the Nova Group . violent terrorists . This isn 't about the 4400 . Tom , I 'm sure you 'II agree that that distinction 's become meaningless . Every one of the 4400 has developed an ability . That means every 4400 is a potential enemy . You know , my daughter 's in the 5th grade . She isn 't anyone 's enemy . children grow up , Diana . Look , Dennis , we don 't know what the Nova is planning . But they have targeted you before . Now , NTAC is ready to offer you any protection you might need . well , that 's very generous , Tom . But if my memory serves me , the Nova Group made two attempts on my Iife while I was under NTAC protection . Two unsuccessful attempts . Don 't sound so disappointed . would you come in a moment , please ? This time I 'm arranging for my own security . hello . We were just discussing the newest threat posed by the Nova Group . Oh , there is no threat . Not while I 'm around anyway . Your uncle , he actually saw them together ? My daughter and RyIand ? At least now we know where she 's been for the Iast week . Jordan should have talked to us before he made her leave . It was like he delivered her right to RyIand . I don 't know about that . If she 's the source of RyIand 's promicin , that means that she was working with him long before she left the Center . Maybe one of us could talk to her and make sure she knows who she 's working with . When my daughter 's made up her mind , there 's no changing it . You know that . I 'm sorry , Richard . AII her life , I 've been trying to see something good in IsabeIIe . Some kind of light , something to nurture . Maybe I 've just been wasting my time because it 's never been there . Maia , I 'm home . I didn 't get a chance to get to the store . I thought we could order in a pizza . Don 't worry about me . I already ate . Oh , I can see that . Why won 't he call me back ? Who ? Ben ? I Ieft him five messages . I just want him to know that I forgive him , you know ? It 's probably my fault . I probably pushed him away . well , sitting here blaming yourself is not helping . Do you think he met someone else ? You need to get up , take a shower , change your clothes . And let 's all go out to dinner . What if he calls ? Answer my cell , okay ? Sure . And if he calls , be nice to him . Because when we get back together , I do not want there to be any weirdness between the two of you . Hi , honey . We had a deal . No video games before dinner . - Maia . - I needed a break . - From what ? - Aunt april . I 'm sorry , sweetie . She hasn 't stopped from the second I came home from school . She keeps asking me if they 're gonna get back together . well , you 're gonna have to go easy on your Aunt april . She 's going through a really rough time . But you and Ben , you were supposed to be together . Maybe if you told her about what I saw ... Somehow I don 't think that 's gonna make her feel better . well , she 's gonna know about you two sooner or later . I mean , you are going to invite her to your wedding . What do you think ? You look remarkable . I 'm impressed . Jordan ? Are we interrupting something ? No . Not at all . Is everything okay ? Not really . We just talked to my uncle Tommy . He told us that IsabeIIe and Dennis RyIand are working together . I see . Jordan , did you hear what I just told you ? Kicking IsabeIIe out of here may not have been the best decision . while IsabeIIe was here , she was a threat . Her alliance with Dennis RyIand simply makes it clear where her loyalty lies . And clarity 's a good thing , yes ? But we still have preparations to make around this place just to be safe . Yeah . It 's not only IsabeIIe and RyIand out there . We also have Nova Group to worry about . The Nova Group is no Ionger our enemy , isn 't that right ? We don 't have a problem with you . Not anymore . Shawn , Richard , have you met Boyd GeIder ? As you can see , he 's quite the impersonator . What 's one of the Nova doing here ? He is a 4400 , Shawn . Where else should he be ? And besides , I went to a great deal of trouble to get him and his friends out of NTAC . Jordan , this is crazy . I put my Iife on the line trying to protect this place from Nova . And now we 're the ones that break them out from NTAC ? - What were you thinking ? - That we have a war to fight . That Nova is a powerful weapon , which until now , has lacked proper guidance . Jordan , they 're terrorists . They kill people . They did what needed doing . They chose action over accommodation . Not supporting that choice was a failure , Shawn . Oh , so I made a mistake by not backing the Nova Group ? I am saying you should have been a leader . These people are willing to sacrifice themselves for the greater good . They 're the kind of soldiers we need in this fight . They 're one of the biggest reasons why people are scared of us . If we invite them in here , we become part of the Nova Group . And everything you 've been preaching since you 've been back about cooperation and unity between 4400s and non-4400s ? It 's never gonna happen . Richard ? We 're running a big risk here , Jordan . We 're playing for big stakes . If NTAC finds out we were involved in the breakout , it 'd be bad . You 're sure you covered your tracks ? They 're someplace safe ? along with the 4400s who helped free them . They won 't be found . No , no , no , just because we 're not gonna get caught doesn 't make this okay , Richard . No , tell me you 're not buying into this . I 'm just being realistic . The fact is we are more vulnerable than ever . isabelle 's with RyIand now . It 's only a matter of time before those soldiers of his are out there developing abilities . Jordan is right . We 're playing for big stakes now . Another month ? That 's completely unacceptable . The initial volunteers were showing abilities within days . That 's correct , but as you recall , there were problems . Deaths . Since the PiersahI incident , we 've scaled back the pace of the promicin . I never authorized that . I guaranteed this country the protection of enhanced troops . I won 't be made a liar by you . Increase the dosage . I 'II have another shipment of promicin sent over from HaspeI Corp. today . I don 't know why we 're wasting time building an army . We won 't need one . You 're a very powerful young woman , isabelle . But you 're still one person . Think of it as backup . well , if that makes you feel more secure . But by now , collier knows we 're working together . He won 't wait a month to come after us . If we give those soldiers the maximum dose of promicin , how long before they develop abilities ? Anywhere from two to three days . Make it two . Why wait ? You heard the lady . I 'II be staying on base to monitor your progress . kyle . - There he is . - Hey . Yes . Look at you , man . You look great . I can 't believe you 're standing here . We have to celebrate , we gotta do something . Yeah , that sounds good . First I need to ask a favor of you . Name it . It 's good to see you , kyle . I was hoping we could talk . It 's really you , isn 't it ? You 're alive . It took a while to believe it myself . I 'm sorry for what I did to you . There 's nothing to be sorry about . My death had to happen . I 've seen you on TV . You seem so sure that what we all went through means something . I wish I couId understand it the way you do . To me , it all seems like a waste . My death was part of a bigger plan . I know you suffered for it , and that was unfair . But everything you did , kyle , including my assassination , was part of that plan . You have no idea how important you are . tell me we could spend the whole night together . I really think that Maia should be there when I tell her . That way at Ieast she can explain the whole prediction thing . well , so much for afterglow . please tell me you weren 't thinking of april the whole time . No . I wasn 't . You 're right . We should tell her . I should do it . She should hear it from me . That would be like hiding behind you . And I admit that sounds good right now , but I 'II just only hate myself even more . I just wish I knew what to say . tell her the truth , you know . We didn 't plan this . We didn 't even want it , but it happened . We fell in love . Isn 't it a bit early to be using that word ? What would you call it ? Oh , God . It 's true . Two weeks , and I 'm in love . It 's a good thing . I know it is . I mean , it should be . But I 'm in love and I can 't enjoy it . How pathetic is that ? - What 's all this ? - I have a Iot of time on my hands . I thought someone should benefit from it . Not you . kyle . I 'm making penne arrabiata . I 'II bet you he hasn 't had it in a while . - Where is kyle ? - He 'II be home any minute . He went out ? After I told him not to ? He drove to Northmount , wanted to register for some classes . That 's great . How did he get past the reporters ? They don 't even know he 's gone . I made a pitcher of iced tea and some sandwiches , and I brought it out to them . And I distracted them while kyle slipped out the back . We planned the whole thing together . It was fun . I 'm glad someone had a good day . I take it you didn 't have a good day at work . No . We talked to the family of every prisoner we lost . No one has heard or seen anything . I mean , not that they 'd give up their loved ones so easily . And then there 's always the 4400 who broke them out . Excuse me , honey . We haven 't made much headway on that front either . kyle 's gonna be a happy man . You think we would 've heard something about a 4400 who can override a state-of-the-art security system or cut off oxygen to a whole building full of people . I had a student at the Center . When he first came to school , he had some problems . Teachers and the other children kept having headaches and fainting when he was around . It turns out that it was something about his ability to change the level of oxygen in the blood . alana , this student , what was his name ? michael Lawrence ? You think he had something to do with the prison break ? He 's 1 6 . His ability matches up to what happened to our agents . And Boyd GeIder isn 't much older . Now , we 've spoken to michael 's father . He says he hasn 't seen his son in a week . Shawn , is it possible there 's a new Nova cell operating out of the Center ? well , if there were , don 't you think they would 've come after me by now ? well , they still might . We don 't know what they 're planning . You mind if we talk to some of the students ? See what they can tell us about michael ? Yeah , talk to whoever you Iike . Listen , Shawn . Look , I appreciate this . You know , it really helps to have someone here we can work with . I hope that doesn 't change now that CoIIier 's back . AII right . michael Lawrence 's ability is unique , useful , and he controls it with a great deal of accuracy . Why wouldn 't I make use of him ? Because he 's a 1 6-year-oId kid you just turned into a felon . Shawn , that boy allowed us to neutralize a building full of NTAC agents without hurting anyone . I think that showed great restraint , given the urgency of our needs . What needs , Jordan ? What 's so important that we need to get into bed with the Nova Group ? Come on , I ran this place while you were gone . I think I deserve to know what you 're planning . RyIand 's Enhanced soldier program ? We 're going to destroy it . Destroy how ? With Nova 's help , we 'II attack the Army base where the experiment 's conducted . Take out the lab , the training facility . And when we find the soldiers getting promicin , neutralize them . Attack a military installation ? Jordan , are you insane ? That 's how you sound right now . I don 't care what you think you saw while you were gone . This is the real world . Jordan , listen to me . Do you know how many people would die on both sides ? We have no choice . Once those soldiers develop 4400 abilities , it will be too late . There 's a gas station . It 's on a highway . Next to it there 's a road sign . - Can you read the sign ? - Trying . Something about a petrified tree stump . It 's the biggest one in the state . Afraid that 's all of it . That 's the thing with this remote viewing . I never quite see everything . That ought to be enough to find them . Gas and a quart of oil comes to 53 even . Okay . I hope you can take some time and visit NewfieId 's claim to fame . There 's not another stump like it on the whole West Coast . We 're just passing through . If I go back the way I came , will I find the highway ? Oh , she can help you with that . He wants to get right back on the highway . well , that 's easy . But first I think you should visit the NewfieId stump . They have a really nice gift shop there . The town could sure use your business . Yeah . - I just follow the sign ? - That 's right . And there 's a nice diner along the way . AII the pies are baked fresh . It sounds good . I 'II check that out . Thank you . You won 't be disappointed . Those pies come in on a truck . They need the business . Dr. Burkhoff , Ms. Doerner . I 'm Jordan CoIIier . I 'm betting this isn 't a coincidence . How is your research coming ? Keeps my nights interesting . Mr. CoIIier , we 've made a nice life for ourselves . This is a good place for us . And we like to think that we make things a little better by being here . please don 't ruin it . Were it up to me , you 'd live here happily many years . But right now , I need your ability and your intellect . Oh , hey , sweetie . I think it 's grilled Cheese Wednesday . Where 's your Aunt april ? please don 't be mad . Why would I be mad ? You didn 't . I thought it wouId make her feel better , knowing about my vision . That it 's not her fault that Ben likes you more . And did it make her feel better ? No , not really . She 's in your room . april ? In here . You 're out of tissues . There 's more under the bathroom sink . You know , one of the reasons that I liked Ben in the first place was because I thought , " Here 's a guy my sister would approve of . finally . " well , you were right . This was it . My one chance to settle down with the right guy . Except it turns out he 's your right guy . Oh , God , april . This whole thing with Ben . I mean , we never meant for it to happen . I know that doesn 't help much . I know I 'II meet another guy . I always do . Meeting them , sleeping with them , going to the Fetish ball with them . That 's not the problem . Finding one that wants to go to the Fetish ball with me year after year . That 's the problem . Ben 's willing to go to the Fetish ball with you ? He was considering it . Look , Di , I wish I couId hate you . I really do . But I 'm too busy hating me . I 'm such a loser . No . No , you 're not . Yes , I am . I 'm gonna live alone and I 'm gonna die alone . And all I 'm ever gonna be to anyone is Aunt april , the loser . Hey , kyle . You got a second ? Yeah , just getting rid of some old stuff . Come on , Dad . I was 9 when I got that . Yeah , I remember the day . Listen , kyle , you know , once you go back to school , I thought I 'd float you some cash . That way you can get your own place . so you can have some privacy , some independence . I saw Jordan CoIIier yesterday . - You went to the Center . Why ? - I had to see him . We talked . He helped me realize some things . What things ? well , I 'm not going back to college , for one . Dad , just listen to me . Hear me out . My life , my future , it 's tied up with the 4400 . That night on the beach when Shawn was taken , it should have been me . If he hadn 't pushed me out of that beam of light , - I would 've been one of them . - Yeah , but you 're not . kyle , your life can be whatever you want it to be . You just have to be willing to move forward . Ever since I woke up from that coma , I thought I was moving forward . But Jordan helped me realize all I was doing was running away . He told you that ? He told you not to go to college ? ! No , Dad , he just listened to me . I figured it out on my own . So , what do you do now , kyle ? You put on a blue blazer and become one of his disciples ? Give tours at the Center ? Answer phones ? Maybe . I 'm gonna do what you do , Dad . I 'm gonna help the 4400 any way I can . I 'm sorry . I agree with Jordan on this one , Shawn . How can you say that ? If we attack that Army base , it 's like declaring war on the United States government . Maybe , but it seems to me we have been in an undeclared war with the government ever since we got back . Locking us in quarantine , shooting us up with the inhibitor . Disappearing any of us they seem threatened by . AII Jordan is doing is bringing the conflict out into the open . Jordan is gonna sacrifice thousands of lives . It 's gonna be for nothing . We 're gonna lose . If you have another way , something concrete that makes us safer , I 'm willing to listen . Oh , my God . I didn 't think so . Okay , can you give us a hint what this is about ? You said it was urgent . The Nova members that escaped , I know what they 're planning . I know who their leader is . Okay . Shawn , I 'm gonna need a name . Jordan CoIIier . You must think I 'm insane . only a psychopath would declare war on the U.S. Army . well , then we 're all in agreement . I assure you , I am not crazy . I am not planning any attack on a government installation . So you 're saying Shawn made all this up ? Why would I do that ? Jordan , just tell the truth , okay ? You can 't cover this up . I told you a story , Shawn , to see if you would pass it along . It was a test . And I 'm afraid you failed . I 've been away from this place for a Iong time . In the days ahead , I will be asking a Iot of everyone here . I needed to know who I couId trust . And who I couldn 't . Sorry to embarrass you Iike this , Shawn . It was the only way to be sure . And what about the breakout at NTAC ? You had nothing to do with that ? - I did not . - That is a lie ! That 's a lie ! I saw Boyd GeIder standing in this office with my own two eyes . Richard was here with me . He saw him too . Richard ? I don 't know what you 're talking about , Shawn . Richard ? As far as I know , Boyd GeIder has never been here . So you 're saying in spite of all of Collier 's denials , this base is still the subject of a possible Nova attack ? It 's possible , yes . And you came all this way to warn me ? - I 'm touched , Tom . - Just doing my job , Dennis . It 's nothing personal . CoIIier knows you 're here , so this place is no Ionger secure . Your little experiment needs a new home . I say let them come . If CoIIier wants a fight , we 'II give him one . She 's right , you know . CoIIier talks a good game . Unity , fighting together to save the future . people actually believe he means it . It 's pathetic . But an attack will expose the 4400 for what they really are : The enemy . You see , Tom ? I was right all along . It comes down to survival . Us against them . You sure you wanna be at ground zero for this one , Dennis ? Defending the human race ? Where else would I be ? We 're staying right here . How did it feel , turning your back on me ? I was just trying to save lives . Yours included . You know , maybe if you 'd told me everything , treated me with a little respect , we could have worked things out . But , no , you were too busy manipulating me like always . You know , Jordan , while you were gone , I ran this place . And I did a pretty good job of it too . Now you 're back . You and I ? It 's like nothing 's changed . You make all the decisions and I play catch up five steps behind . It used to be ten . Shawn , I need you to believe in me . You know what I think , Jordan ? I think that this whole messiah thing has gone to your head . I 'm no messiah . More like John Brown . John Brown ? Isn 't he the guy that tried to free all the slaves ? He surrounded himself with people who believed as he did , were willing to do anything for their cause . And that kind of devotion can change the world . They killed John Brown , Jordan . They killed me too . Mr. RyIand , I was told we wouldn 't be seeing you for a while . We have a security situation . NTAC intelligence has gotten word that Jordan CoIIier may be planning a move against us . I wanna transfer all the promicin out of HaspeI Corp. for safekeeping . I want every vial packed and ready for shipment as soon as possible . Yes , sir . Give us a hand here . We 've got a Iot of crates to move . I want them loaded up as soon as possible . We 'II take it from here . The military base was never CoIIier 's target . He wanted to divert us from his real goal . The promicin . Had enough stored to create a whole army of enhanced soldiers . Before CoIIier 's done , you 'II wish you had that army for protection . I wonder what he 's gonna do with all of it . Destroy it . He doesn 't want anyone else to develop abilities . He wants to keep us weak so no one can fight back . Sounding a little paranoid , Dennis . CoIIier 's a fanatic , Tom . He 's capable of anything . You 'II see . So you 're saying you wanna break up ? I don 't want to . well , then let 's not . Look , I know how bad you feel . I feel bad too , but I also feel really good . Isn 't that worth holding on to ? Trying at Ieast ? well , I 'm trying . believe me . It is like we 're never alone . There 's you , me and april , and she 's the one crying . Yeah , I think I need to leave . Oh , great . Now april and I are both crying . No . Look , I didn 't mean for good . You can 't get rid of me that easily . But I do have a job to do in London . It 's five days , so it 'II give us some time to think things over . Five days ? - Wanna come ? - No . Yes . Just leave . please . Hey . I 'II call you as soon as I get back , okay ? Oh , just so you know . Even if Maia never made any prediction I 'd still think we 're meant for each other . Hey , kyle ! alana ! Thomas . I 've been trying to reach you . - What is it ? What 's wrong ? - kyle 's leaving . - What ? - He 's upstairs packing . - kyle , what are you doing ? - Oh , I 'm glad you 're home . I would 've hated to leave without saying goodbye . Where are you going ? Did CoIIier send that limo ? I 've got a job . I 'm gonna travel around the country for a little while . hold these workshops at the 4400 Centers . talk about my Iife , everything that 's happened to me . - Spread the word . - kyle , can 't you take a couple of days ? You know , think this over ? We can talk about this . There 's nothing to talk about . I 'm gonna miss you , Dad , but I gotta do this . I just got you home . You said I should move forward . That 's what I 'm doing . Be happy for me . I 'm trying , kyle . I 'm really trying . I gotta get going . I really gotta get going . Here . - Let me help you . - Thanks , Dad . - It 's beautiful . - Isn 't it ? They 're going to be looking for it . We gotta get rid of it soon . I don 't understand . Why take it at all ? Why not just destroy it there ? We 're not going to destroy it . AII right . I 'II ask the question . What are we gonna do with 1 7,432 units of promicin ? We 're going to give it away . To whom ? To everyone .
