 Previously on the 4400 ... we 're not sure what 's just happened . The light is gone , and thousands of people have just suddenly appeared . - We 're letting them go . - We 're letting them go ? You don 't have a legal rightto hold them . You 're pregnant ? I wasn 't pregnant when i was abducted , but i was when i got back . What 's all this ? What 's it look like ? That baby could be the key to the future , and it has to be protected , and i can do that . Go ahead . Run ! That baby belongs with me . This is your new house ? It 's yours too . I 've been looking forward to this moment for too long . Diana skouris , your adoption of maia rutledge is hereby complete , legal , and binding . Her visions stoppedabout four months ago . We 're not sure why . Mrs. Usher next door is getting a kitten . Mommy 's bosses will be punished for betraying us . It wasn 't me ! That creature made me pull the trigger ! Getting dressed from the top down now ? That the way they do it on the mariners ? Mariners ? Gary 's got his eyes on the sox . No , you mean the sox got their eyes on him . How 's it feel , all those scouts in the stands ? You bend over to tie a shoelace , they make a note . How about a little respect , huh ? You 're in the presence of the new jackie robinson . First 4400 to make the big leagues . Don 't worry about the scouts , man . I 'll float you some right down the middle . You just get into your rhythm , forget they 're even out there , all right ? Can 't blame him . Six scouts . I 'd be afraidi was going to choke . I 'm not gonna choke . Barnes can 't serve them any better than that . Just ... just give me a second . He 's throwing him a beach ball . He 's scared , man . What was wrong with that ? What a loser . Follow through . Follow through . This time try taking the bat off your shoulder . Why don 't you try kissing my ass ? What 's your problem , gary ? Navarro ! Get your head in the game . Focus . I want to see some contact . The majors ? Kid doesn 't look like he 's ready for rookie ball . Just shut up ! Will all of you just shut the hell up and let me concentrate ? Whoa , gary ... take it down a notch . Yeah , you 're a flake , aren 't you ? Go ahead . Take a swing at me . I 'll plant you where you stand . I am not going to hit you ! Who said anything about hitting , man ? That 's it , navarro . You 're done for the day . I want to see you in my office after practice . There 's nothing wrong with me . There is nothing wrong with me . - Keep walking , mister . - There is nothing wrong with me ! Keep walking , mister . Now . Gary , man , take it easy . Don 't touch me ! This kid isn 't ready , man . This was a big waste of time . Ready for the bigs , my ass . What was wrong with that ? You shut up . Shut up ! Shut up ! You shut up ! You shut up ! Shut up ! There 's nothing wrong with me ! There 's nothing wrong with me ! * So long ago , another life * * I can feel your heart beat * * it 's not a dream , remember us * * I can see it in your eyes * * we 'll find our place in time * * our place in time beyond the sun * * we 'll find our place in time * * our place in time to call our own * Well , it beats that ditch in the woods . Not by much . It 's just a day or two . Let isabelle get rested up , then we 'll push on the rest of the way . We got enough to make it to white bird ? New car ... trip to the emergency room ... it 's going to be close . All this running and hiding , sometimes i forget we haven 't done anything wrong . Three dead men in the woods might disagree . Do you want to shower first , or should i ? You go ahead . Give isabelle her bottle , okay ? That was you , wasn 't it ? Who stopped those men in the woods ? Daddy sure would like to know . But you 're not going to tell me , are you ? What 's funny ? Marmaduke . Can we get a dog ? Oh , smooth , how you slid that in there . No . Skouris . April . No , no , no , no . I 'm glad to hear from you . You 're my sister . It 's just ... it 's been a while , that 's all . No , we 're here , just having breakfast . Hang on a sec . Mrs. Lennox must 've forgotten her key . I 'll get it . No , no . No , i 'll get it . You just keep eating . I just have to let maia 's teacher in . Coming ! One more sec . Surprised ? April ... how 's it going , sibling ? Good . You look good . Yeah , you too . Thanks . What are you doing here ? The pacific northwest body art expo . I have a booth . Don 't tell me you haven 't gotten your tickets yet . Uh , no . Hello . Oh , my god . You must be maia . April skouris , black sheep of the family . Di , you are so lucky . Look at this fabulous kid you got . And no labor , no stretch marks , no diapers ... no crappy husband . Oh , wait , that was me . How come i never met you before ? - It 's complicated . - we 've been busy . Okay , we 'll stick with " busy . " Whatever . I 'm here now . So where are you staying while you 're in town ? This couch looks comfortable . It 's not an execution , shawn . Last time i was on stage was my fourth-grade spelling bee . These people are interested in us . They want to hear what we have to say . You 'll think of something . Hello . My name is shawn farrell , and i am one of the 4400 . Uh , a few months ago , i never thought anyone would ever clap when i said that . But we didn 't know then what we know now ... the future of mankind is in jeopardy , and right here , with your help , is where we start to set things straight . If you join us here ... mr . Collier , mr . Dravitt 's here for you . Thank you . ... the best versi贸n of yourselves . Ian . Thanks for fitting me in . Interesting place you got here . I 'm not going to be abducted by aliens , am i ? No , ian . They weren 't aliens . They were from the ... future i know . So you 've told me , ad nauseum . Look , it 's all the same sideshow to me . So , here i am . Here you are . What say we get down to business ? Ian Dravitt . Founder and ceo of executive projections , a multinational corporation based in zimbabwe . Your company wants to do business in a third world country , they 'll show you the lay of the land . It 's all perfectly legitimate ... yeah , on the surface , but dravitt 's real money comes from mercenary activity and arms dealing . Sold grenade launchers to the i.r.a. , white phosphorus landmines to the shining path guerrillas in peru ... so what 's he selling to collier ? Good question , but our observation teams can 't even tell you what time collier takes lunch . Beyond the lobby , that place is a mystery . I mean , we 've sent our agents in disguised as air conditioning guys , fiber optics repairmen ... yeah , we get a bug in , it 's yanked before the day is over . Probably sweeping the place every few hours . As far as collier 's pow-wows with dravitt ... all we can do is guess . You think he 's stockpiling weapons ? Oh , arms , anthrax ... nothing would surprise me . I mean , collier 's all but said he 's at war with the u.s. Government . Could be laying down a defense perimeter around the center . That way , if we ever have to go in there , he 'll be ready . Think waco . Jonestown . Jarvis . I 'll send them down . Mr. Navarro ? I 'm agent skouris . This is agent ... please ... please , don 't talk . It 's too noisy . Your voices and your thoughts , they just all bleed together . The e.r. Report said you were going on about ... no voices . Just concentrate on what you want to ask me , and i 'll hear you . A couple of weeks ago . It was during a game . I could hear everyone 's thoughts . At first , it was just the pitcher , which was pretty good , actually ... because i knew everything he was going to throw before he threw it . Went five for five . Two homers , two singles , and a double . That is exactly what ... yeah , it was great when it started , but i can 't control it . First , it was everyone on the team , and then everyone in the stands , and then , i don 't know , it was just ... just everyone . It 's like this ocean of noise crashing around in my head . I want someone to make it go away . That 's what i want . I was this close ... to making it to the majors when i got snatched . This time , i 'm gonna make it . I have to make it . What , so navarro is really some kind of mind reader ? I believe " telepath " is the word you 're looking for . Well , call it something else if the word makes you uncomfortable , but the guy definitely knew what we were thinking . Interesting gift . I could think of a few practical applications for it . Dr. Ostman gave him some haloperidol . It calmed him down , quieted the noise some . So he can function as long as he 's on antipsychotic meds ? We don 't have to fit him for any straitjacket , but he 's not going to be hitting any knuckleballs either , which is all he wants to do . Yeah , i 'll put ntac medical on it . If they can help him , they will . Great . Kyle baldwin . Social security number ? There it is . Baldwin ... nope . You 're not eligible to register . Sure i am . I got in last semester . I just took deferred admissi贸n . Except your tuition hasn 't been paid . What are you talking about ? My dad sent a check . Nope . Baldwin . Glad i caught you . I 've got navarro 's transfer forms right here . You sign them , he 's on his way to ntac medical . Yeah , i will , but not just yet . Why not ? Well , we want to know what Collier and ian dravitt are up to . A 4400 who can read minds just walked through the front door . You want to use navarro as a mole ? Is that even legal ? Mm-hmm . D.c. Cleared it . Well , how about ethical ? Guy 's asking us for help . Hell , he 's even begging us . And we 'll help him . But he 's got to help us first . What if he says no ? Then you 'll get him to say yes . Excuse me . Can we get one more blanket ? The one we have is kind of thin . Yeah , well , they 're all kind of thin , but if you want to bring it down , i 'll switch you . Oh , i think we might need both . You might think you need them , but you aren 't going to get them . See , there 's only so many rooms and so many blankets . And you have your allotment . My baby is cold . Can i please have one more blanket so she doesn 't get sick ? I 'll give you five dollars . I 'm a sucker for a pretty face . He wasn 't very nice to us , was he ? Here . Thank you What of thay catch me ? We 'll be monitoring you every step of the way we plant a tiny transmitter / receiver behind your ear under the skin takes 10 minutes , no scar if things go south we 'll be in there like the cavalry when i was a kid , my , uh my favorite show was " the man from U.N.C.L.E. " 30 years , just gone in a snap my little brother is retiring from the tacoma police force at the end of the year he 's 53 the guys i played ball with ? The ones that made it to the majors are ... signing autographs at card shows now the game is all i have yeah , i get that what , did you play ball ? Senior year in college i blew my knee out trying to slide under a tag what position ? Third base another infielder , huh ? You miss it ? All the time but what we do here , gary what we 're asking you to do for us ... it 's not the world series but it 's pretty damn important i do this for you guys ... you 're gonna fix me , right ? You have my word okay sorry about dinner new case well , i 'm glad you didn 't wait for me that 's what you 're sorry about ? Dinner ? Ask me how my first day of college was how was your first day of college ? I didn 't have one nobody paid my tuition what are you talking about ? Of course i did that 's ridiculous i tried calling you a bunch of times you didn 't answer your phone i was in meetings all day i know i wrote that check that 's great , dad i 'm sorry , kyle i must have forgot we 've been talking about this for months how could you forget ? Here . Bring it in tomorrow i 'll send a note or i 'll talk to the registrar myself whatever you want here kyle ! Don 't walk away from me just ... look i admit it i 'm not denying it , i screwed up but work 's been a little crazy ... oh , the job ? I 've been waiting for that one finally feels like old times around here what 's this ? Lily ? What is it ? Did you spend all the cash buying this stuff ? Then what ? Talk to me the cash register at the front desk ... was open ... and we needed food and isabelle needed diapers you stole money ? It 's not like i planned it i mean , i had to beg for a blanket and the drawer was open , so ... he left you standing there with the cash register open ? No , no , he closed it at least i thought he did i don 't know ... it wasn 't open , and then ... and then it was open that still doesn 't make it right that 's not how i live my life have you looked around ? 'Cause this isn 't how i planned to live my life either look , i know it was wrong i don 't need you to tell me it was wrong stop shaking your head just eat something , okay ? It 's silly for all this food to go to waste go ahead i 'm not hungry how much fun was that ? I liked it . Thank you so where have you two been ? Your note just said " out . " Lots of places the pier , pike street and even the ferry what have you done to ... you didn 't ! I told you she 'd freak ! Relax , they 're rub-ons as in " fake . " But they 're pretty , aren 't they ? Oh , yeah , they 're very pretty now why don 't you go get started on your homework ? I 'm in trouble do you at least like the shirt ? And by the way ... you live in seattle and your kid 's never heard of kurt cobain ? What 's wrong with you , di ? Thank goodness you 're here to teach her all about tattoos and suicidal rock stars and by the way who gave you permissi贸n to take her out of school ? I 'm her aunt i didn 't know i needed permissi贸n well , if you 're going to send her teacher home for the day you do sitting at your kitchen table all day long ? Yeah , that 's a big loss what are you keeping this kid locked away for ? If i wanted your opinion on how i 'm raising my daughter i 'd ask mommy ? What 's wrong , sweetheart ? I think i have to throw up what did you give her to eat ? Anything she wanted oh . Good going , aunt april okay , guys , i 'm going in collier 's going to want to meet you you 're one of the 4400 anything you can learn about him is great but our main target is ian dravitt see what you can find out about him and why he 's there you have a two-week supply of haloperidol it should keep your mind clear but hopefully you 'll be done in a couple of days excuse me cute . Nice shoes steer him over to the brochures welcome to the center my name 's devon i 'm gary navarro i 'm kind of interested in finding out what you guys do here well , i 'd be happy to show you around have you read mr . Collier 's book ? I didn 't have to i lived it I 'm one of the 4400 . Oh . Well , welcome home . Gary Navarro Jordan Collier It 's a real pleasure to meet you well , that 's a nice firm grip i 'd expect nothing less of a promising second baseman how did you know i played ball ? Well , it 's my business to know everything about the 4400 so , uh ... has anything shown up yet ? An ability , or ... no , not me i , uh , have a hard enough time hitting a split-finger fastball it 's kind of disappointing , isn 't it ? All those years lost ? No abilities pass him off to devon get bac to dravitt jordan , we need to talk absolutely , shawn first , i 'd like you to meet a fellow returnee gary navarro . Hawn farrell - hi - how 're you doing ? Shawn here 's a little luckier than you and i he came back with quite a remarkable ability yeah , i 'm blessed , all right see the halo around my head ? I really need to talk to you give us a second i 've been doing some poking around on the internet . I found out some stuff that you need to know because , let me tell you i really hope that you don 't know already if it can be found on a search engine believe me , i know it you 're okay with this dravitt guy ? Eyes on the prize , remember ? Doing business with our friend does not make us our friend dravitt 's not my friend he 's a dangerous prick i 'll meet you outside in 10 minutes as soon as i get gary squared away here we 'll talk about it here you go hello ? Hello ? Are you all right ? Whoa . Where was i ? Far away , i think first day meltdown ? Just lost and late and begging my way into classes i don 't even want to take not such a good day , then " introductory survey of 19th-century novellas . " Kill me now maybe it 'll enlighten you in ways you never could have imagined not likely it was the only thing open this period well , this is olin hall take the stairs inside to your left thanks maybe i 'll see you around you never know hello , everybody i 'm wendy paulson welcome to intro to 19th-century novellas is everyone in the right place ? I will speak to you after class i can 't hear anything i 'm going to try to get closer gary , what are you doing ? Collier and that kid your nephew i think they 're arguing about that guy dravitt where are you ? Gary , go inside getting a good eyeful ? I 'm just ... should we pull him out ? No , no , no , no , no not yet . Not yet maybe he can talk his way out of it now what the hell do you think you 're doing ? Let him go you should be careful who you let in your manor , my son we detained him as a professional courtesy jordan , these guys are thugs no need for name-calling we merely happened upon this gentleman in the process of spying on the two of you i had a couple of questions for you that 's all I mean , i saw you guys were having an argument or something what am i supposed to do , interrupt ? Want to know what we were talking about ? Because it 's no big secret i 'll tell you exactly what we were talking ... shawn , enough you 're going to find i 'm tied up a lot of the time Gary , if you have questions any of my staff ... will be happy to help yeah , sorry next time i 'll know better All right . Go on back inside . Careful where he wanders . No one 's getting between me and $ 30 million . Richard ? What is it ? What 's wrong ? The police . Oh , my god . I 'm so sorry . I 'll tell them i took the money you didn 't have anything to do with it police , open up give us a minute ! Open up . Now ! They 're not after us we 're okay guys ? You there ? Go ahead , gary yeah , sorry i 've been so out of touch they had me in these classes all morning i haven 't even seen collier all day or that other guy well , that 's okay you just go where they tell you yeah , but i thought you said you wanted to know more about that money that collier 's shelling out ? Where are my meds ? Gary , what 's wrong ? My meds , they 're gone . I don 't ... uh , excuse me ? I , uh , i had a prescription some tranquilizers in my room and now they 're gone you don 't need those you 've been conditioned to think you need them taking anything that suppresses your natural openness is counterintuitive to our program maybe you should sit through the nutrition and purification lecture again did you hear that , baldwin ? They took the haloperidol ! Yes , gary , i heard it you want to abort ? You want to walk out of there ? Everything is just ... just ... getting louder in my head already it 's already getting worse voices are starting to bleed through the walls just calm down , gary . We 'll come and get you if we need to . It 's your call . Gary , talk to me . Okay . Um ... y - y-you guys are going to hold up your end of this deal , right ? Yes . Of course . Okay , okay . I 'll , uh , i 'll hold up my end , and i 'll hang in as long as i can . Good . We 'll hang in with you . Now , listen , gary , someone 's going to be on this channel 24 / 7 , remember ? Yeah right right i , uh , i readlast night . Just like your syllabus said . That 's a good start . Well , not just the first 20 pages . I got really into it i read the whole thing . 19th-century novellas not quite the hell on earth you expected ? It definitely wasn 't boring . I 've got a lot of questions , though . Okay , well , i have office hours wednesdays , one to four . Okay , yeah , i 'll try to stop by . Or we could run by the coop and grab some coffee ? Like , right now ? I like talking about joseph conrad . It 's why i picked this for a living . Where did you learn to do all this ? Mom never taught us to cook . I don 't know i just learned how . Had to be better than you at something . Aunt April , do you have any kids ? Nope . No kids . Are you married ? I used to be . Ask your mom what she thought of my ex-husband . Don 't start . You didn 't like him ? Neither did april , apparently . She only stayed with trevor for what , seven months ? You were hostile from day one . You never gave him a chance . I didn 't really think he deserved much of a chance . He was ... kind of a moron . He was 22 . Show me one guy who isn 't a moron at 22 . He knew you hated him , and that didn 't make it any easier for us to stay together . Come on . You can 't keep blaming that on me . I mean , just grow up . Okay , this was a mistake . I thought it was a good idea to come here , but obviously i was wrong . I 'll go pack . There 's a little hotel up the street . No ! It 's okay , honey . We 'll still see ... but the power 's going to go out there tonight , and you won 't have any lights . What is she talking about ? Can i please be excused ? Mr. Navarro , is something wrong ? This is no good . I need my haloperidol . Where 's collier ? Mr. Collier 's in a meeting . Mr. Navarro ? Mr. Navarro ... [ diana ] : gary , what 's wrong ? [ Gary ] : i just got to talkto collier . That 's not a good idea , gary . Mr. Navarro ... He 's in a meeting ! Make it stop . Please , make it stop . Make it stop . I need my medication . Whatever 's eating you , old son , we 'll make it stop . Count on that . A 4400 who can read minds ? So you do have an ability . You shouldn 't have lied to me , gary . You mean to tell me that this guy knows what i 'm thinking ? Because i do not like anyone inside my head but me . Jordan , this guy 's one of us . We can 't just stand here and let him get killed . Nobody 's killing anyone . First we determine what our man here knows and then we discuss his fate . Because there are things i know that could get you killed ! That could get all of you killed . Call jarvis . Tell her we 're going in . Look , ian ... shut up ! Shut up now ! Hi . I 'm evan . Welcome to the 4400 center . Second level 's not open to visitors . We 're not visitors . Hey , look , buddy , i 've got a badge too , and this is private property . What the hell 's he doing to him ? Let him go , or so help me , i 'll splatter your brains all over your highly polished floor . Now , that is enough . Drop that weapon ! Now ! How the hell did you get in here ? You don 't sound so happy to see us . Well , now . What in the hell is this ? NTAC agents . I don 't appreciate the government interfering in my business . You should be more careful who you do business with . They 're not buying weapons . They 're planning a coup overseas , some tiny country . You sent a spy in here , uncle tommy ? Good job . You almost got us all killed . You too , mr . Dravitt . Well , it 'll be interesting to see if your friend 's impressions will stand up in court . I guess i 'm the one should be more careful who i do business with . Shawn , you can come with us if you want . Great . I 'll tell your mother you said hello . Gary , you should have come to me first . I 'd have treated you better than they ever will . We 're at war here . Don 't pick the losing side . Look at the cute little baby . I think somebody wants to try your toy , walt . I think you 're right . Hi . Hi . Put her back in the car ? Why ? Now , please . What 's your problem ? That little boy was being sweet with her . I just didn 't want anybody getting hurt . Hurt ? Who 's going to get hurt ? What if she doesn 't want to give the toy back ? What 's going to happen then ? Don 't look at me like you don 't know what i 'm talking about . Those three men in the woods ... they wanted us dead . You saw what happened to them . That was isabelle . We both know it , and there 's no use in pretending otherwise . Whatever isabelle does , she does it out of love for us . She 's our daughter , richard . I know she is . I love her right back , but she 's something else too , and i wish to god i knew what that was . What is it ? What 's wrong ? I 'm fine . So , what ? So collier planned to spend $ 30 million funding mercenary activity in sao tome ? They 've had three coups since their independence in ' 75 . My guess ? Collier was trying to buy number four . Did gary happen to hear why collier 's so interested in an island off the west coast of africa ? Without his medication , we 're lucky to have got that much out of him . Yeah , but we do know that collier thinks he 's headed towards a conflict with someone ntac , the entire government , i don 't know . He installs a friendly government in sao tome . It could have been a place to go when things heat up . What , like a homeland for the 4400 ? Too bad you can 't prosecute a man for delusions of grandeur . They 're not delusions if you can make them come true . We 're always one step behind collier because we keep seeing him as some kind of cult nut . What we should be asking ourselves is , before collier was abducted , did he ever set his mind to something and ... not get it done ? They didn 't make him any dumber in that ball of light . Well , anyway , we wanted to know what Collier was thinking . Gary found out for us . Time to turn him over to NTAC medical , right ? Soon . " Soon " ? The nsa is cc 'd any time we register a new 4400 ability . They have been leaning on d.c. To borrow gary for an op they 've got planned . No ... no more cloak-and-dagger stuff . He 'll sit in on a few conferences . You know how it is with diplomats . They don 't always say what they think . That wasn 't the agreement i made with him . But terms have changed . Gary 's too valuable . I gave him my word . You 're turning me into a liar . You 've been in the game almost 20 years . My guess is , you 've committed all the seven deadly sins , just like the rest of us . I should have let him stay with collier . He might have used him , but he would 've helped him too . Don 't you ever use me again . All i wanted was to play ball . You guys promised to help , but you can 't do that , can you ? We 're worried about the 4400 . It seems more and more like they should be worried about us . You know that bar , mel 's ? Corner of lancaster and third ? You feel like joining me ? We don 't go to bars . Well , i 'm going tonight , with you or without you .
