 SILAS : Previously on Kings ... When I read the signs in my Iife , they say that I was sent here to help you . Then do that . They only use people like us . Look what they do . Make me wait all day to get paid because my son died . SILAS : We will , in six months ' time , give over Port Prosperity in exchange for lasting peace . Then why are you cutting him out ? Because he is taking up too much attention . MICHELLE : He 's a good person . ROSE : He 's not that virtuous . No one is . I 've been keeping pictures of our family out of the free press for years . WILLIAM : Being king is a young man 's game , and he 's grown old . We need to know we have a replacement at the ready . What do you call it when I go to the countryside ? We say , " You 're in Serenity . " Then , Serenity ends . HELEN : Silas ? Silas ? Lucky for the rain . Silks came in . Twenty days or so , we 'II be ready to harvest . What do you mean " we , " city boy ? You 're going to give up your parades and princesses and get your hands dirty ? King only gave me a 48-hour furlough . Figures . Ethan . Why did you send back my check ? I don 't want Silas ' money . You don 't have to step up for EIi alone . He was my brother , too . Boys ! Come on in ! BRENDAN : So , anybody been in the tabloids lately ? Shut it . Daniel , table ! DANIEL : I just want to check the score ! ... Gilboa and Gath . A future in which our peoples ... Why is the King on every channel ? ... instead of bullets and bombs . Port Prosperity . A city once conquered from Gath , now pledged by me for return , carrying their pledge for peace . No lean sacrifice , but fair . In order to safeguard that pledge I now make public our intention to return to Gath not just Port Prosperity . All territory taken in the Battle of Prosperity . Including lands north of the river . ETHAN : That 's us . JESSIE : He just gave away our home . We will redraw our own map . Make our face ugly . You have to talk him out of this . Me ? You 're his hero . He doesn 't listen to people like me . If he won 't , others will . You could speak out . You need to try , David . FEMALE REPORTER : As the city builds up its infrastructure to house the soon ... This is not a policy . This is a decree . This may well be our King 's right , but it is not just . ( PROJECTOR CLICKS OFF ) He calls for peace . But denies me the cost . Good day to be a critic . ABNER : This criticism will embolden your enemies . How should we proceed ? DAVID : Sir . SILAS : Captain Shepherd . You were with your family when I made my announcement . How did they react to my decree ? They feel betrayed , sir . My father and brother died to defend our home , and you just gave it to the ones who killed them . There must be something else we could trade with Gath to preserve the border towns . You could postpone ... You were not brought here to debate the merit of my decisions . Only to determine the position of your loyalty , with your family , with your King . I see both sides . Ah , both sides amounts to neither . David , do you believe that there are forces beyond our understanding that have given me this road ? I believe you were chosen king for a reason . And when I ask you to trust me , will you ? Port Prosperity has called a forum . You will go and publicly endorse the King 's position . No one cares what I think . My family will disown me . Which is why the people will care what you think . To see you , of all , sacrifice to your King , will sway others . And if it doesn 't ? Then , you will identify anyone attempting to undermine the King 's decision and bring them to my attention . We will have peace . And those who obstruct it are wolves carving out my flock for food . David , your family may not Iike it , but your King needs your help . You worry where you shouldn 't . Don 't rush lines on your face . The handover of Port Prosperity will proceed as planned . Unless the people won 't allow it . People will cool off . Just like this omelet . Now , come on , sit down . We 're going to eat . They 're already starting to protest . You don 't care what your people say about you ? A handful grumbling at the press , no cause for alarm . A healthy exercising of the freedoms I 'm pretty sure I gave them . You should put down your apron and go to their rally at Prosperity . Show them their King still cares . I prefer it when you harp on health care . Yeah , well , I know how it feels to not be heard . The people cannot have what they want at every turn . Neither can you . That 's the definition of governing and parenting . My presence there would only inflame . Besides , I 've got the situation under control . I 've sent my best man . Who ? Silas didn 't listen , did he ? He 's not going to budge . We 'II set him straight . I 'm glad you 're with us . MICHELLE : I skipped breakfast . ( CLICKING TONGUE ) Even when I 'm pissed at him , I take the omelet . Thanks for the support . ( SIGHING ) Trying to change his mind ? You 'd have an easier time asking the rain to stop . Uniform , please . I 've run out of ways to please him . He 's used to everyone loving him , and he doesn 't see as well as he used to . Or maybe he just doesn 't care . He would if he understood . This is different . They 're already calling it Port Calamity . People are gathering right now to protest this . Really ? Who is ? plenty . That 's just awful . Well , if you really want to help him , maybe some criticism is exactly what he needs . You have the air of a man who 's made a decision . Not yet , Uncle . I made you an offer , Jack . You 've left me waiting for an answer . How about a token , then ? Something to help me make up my mind ? You 're buying Unity News Network . ( SCOFFS ) You read the paper ? ( LAUGHS ) Why is everyone surprised when I pay attention ? It 's the largest news station in the country and it 's yours . I want a hand in it . Buy me a toy , Uncle . But news doesn 't seem your speed . Or yours . Maybe we 're both just sad about the state of free press in Shiloh . It 's a crime . Shameful . My father needs the media today . If I were the one controlling his public image ... He 'd have to give you more than scraps from the table . He 'd have to kiss my ass . Is this what it will take ? The price of your support against your father ? We need our man at the turn of history , Jack . We need our new king and soon . Let 's just say this will help me make my decision . I can 't believe he did this . I 'm a damn coffeepot . ROSE : You stood while the poor man was serving . Well , he should have anticipated . Have him hung . " Hanged . " Laundry is hung . Valets are hanged . So are queens who correct their husbands . ( KNOCK AT DOOR ) What ? Sir , your meeting . Oh , haven 't I got enough on my head today ? Didn 't I ask that rescheduled ? It was . Well , do it again . I have . Shall I put Miss Ghent off a third time ? Katrina Ghent ? Well ... Now , I see why she donated so generously at First Night . What does she want ? Well , I can live with the mystery . Send her away . BOYDEN : ( WHISPERING ) Centerfold , December ' 95 . April , ' 96 . December . Snow boots . Definitely furry snow boots . I 've seen better . Who ? Miss Ghent . The King has to reschedule . Then I got dressed today for no reason . THOMASINA : Our sincerest apologies . Save the apology . Name the price . I need an audience with the King , and you 're the dragon at every gate . Even dragons eat . Ma 'am . Come , woman . I have too much money not to give you some . Think of it as a donation towards your sister 's care . That institution can 't be cheap . You 're underestimated . And right tired of it . Last chance . No ? You 're a very good dragon . Where are we supposed to go ? MAN : Mayor , what about our jobs ? They 're talking about a resettlement package for everyone . New homes . New jobs . The Port at Pella 's being expanded to route all shipping and dock work . ETHAN : He can 't do that to us ! My brother works for the King ! And even he 's here with us . ( ALL EXCLAIM ) Captain Shepherd . Captain . We all saw how you took out that tank and we 're all proud that you come from around here . My family lives north of the river . We 'II be asked to move , just like you . So , do you think the King is right ? I hate the idea of losing our home . I lost my father . My brother . I know a Iot of you here lost people , too . And it 's natural to say they died for this land , and we 're never giving it up . ( ALL EXCLAIM ) MAN : Yes ! But I 'd happily trade our farm to bring Dad or eli back . Lives are more important than Iivelihood . I think of all the other fathers and brothers who are going to go on living because Silas ended the war and it makes me love our King even more . ETHAN : What will your King do if we refuse ? Will he forcefully evict us out of our homes ? As I understand it , you choose to stay , you 'II be living in Gath . ( PEOPLE GROANING ) God gave us this land ! Not even Silas can take it away ! ( ALL EXCLAIM ) Who will stand with me against the King ? Ethan . Ethan , stop . Our blood ! Our land ! ALL : Our blood ! Our land ! Don 't do this . ALL : Our blood ! Our land ! DAVID : Ethan , stop ! ALL : Our blood ! Our land ! Our blood ! Our land ! Our blood ! Our land ! Our blood ! Our land ! Our blood ! Our land ! Our blood ! Our land ! Polls indicating overwhelming public support for King Silas 's decision to return Port Prosperity ... This is where it happens . Where the news gets crafted . Then run by your father every day . It looks so honest . Maybe you can make it more so . I 've benefited more than any . But this country needs an information source that won 't yield to the King 's approval . The first town crier to cry freely . Your father will be so proud . Port Prosperity . Let 's bring in some criticism . Give voice to the opposition . Those who think he 's being unkind to our gentle heartlanders . Yes . You listen to him . But it will make the King look foolish . Hmm . And later in the day when he looks foolish still and he tells all the other cameras to leave you tell ours to stay . REPORTER ON TV : ... Ioud but peaceful protest at the docks at Port Prosperity . ( DOOR OPENS ) I 'm going to Port Prosperity . I 'm not sure that 's advisable . Just do it . Hey . Well , thank you all . MAN : Thank you . We 're so proud ... And next time , Lorem to the championships . I 'm from the South End , in case you 've forgotten . We hate Lorem . Now you 're king , you don 't have a favorite team . I used to break things when they 'd win . Sir , the protest at Port Prosperity . My daughter has already bent my ear on this . Still , it might be prudent to call an emergency meeting on this . We did something that was unpopular , but necessary . There are those that will pitch their fits . I 've dispatched Captain Shepherd . I trust him to do all the situation requires . HANSON : Perhaps I 'm not making the situation clear , sir . The protesters are threatening to shut down the port . This is civil unrest . This is a tantrum . I will not be drawn in . Keep your mood where it is , your staff will dust off the guillotine . Hmm ? Take a bath . Read a book . Fire someone . But this new habit of barking at every shadow is unsustainable . What about the countryside ? You always come back so refreshed and likeable when you go there . Time for a trip . Hmm ? Trip ? Hmm . Not a bad idea . Thomasina . Let 's go get some air . Reverend . A word ? William Cross . Come to my congregation . Now I really have seen everything . Don 't get your hopes up , Ephraim . It 's you I 've come to see . Not Him . I will always hope for you . Change is in the air . Like winter . Can you smell the wood burning ? I have . Silas will fall . That may be his fate . Someday . Someday soon , maybe . And I want to know when that time comes , if you can set aside our differences and do what is best for the people . Like we did once when we were young and saw a king in Silas . You and I did not make Silas king . ( CHUCKLES ) Funny . I don 't remember Him writing any checks . Minds are gathering . Resources ... More every day . The group will be meeting to consider the season . We 'd Iike you to join us . Time to be young again . God will choose the next king of this realm . Not you . Then ask your boss who He 's chosen . Line thrown out , trout brought in . Necessity turned to pastime , mediated by luck , attributed to skill . It 's all in the wrist , you know . Sir ? We have reports . The press is aware you 're here . Oh ! You , too ? AII nervous , huh ? Hanson , you 're like a cat at the edge of the tub . Let a man relax . KATRINA : Sir ! A bad time ? It seems you have your audience . I don 't blame you for avoiding me , the notorious Katrina Ghent . Tabloid staple . Who clearly doesn 't deserve a word of it . So I married for money . He was a syphilitic walrus . Explain the intrusion before I sit you on my fish . I sold my reputation for a Iot of money . I want to buy it back . Make me a minister in your boardroom . A minister ? Do you have any special qualifications I should know about ? An area of expertise ? Oh , you pick . I don 't care about power . Assign whoever you want to run the thing and tell me my mind . I just want a seat at the table . You 're offering to buy a ministry ? And overpay . Unlucky for you , there 's no positions in my government for sale today . But I admire forthrightness . So , I 'm going to pardon you for trying to bribe a sovereign while wet . Good day , Mrs. Ghent . This situation could explode at any minute . And he 's fishing , with her . He 's not himself . REPORTER ON SCREEN : Law enforcement has been on the scene as a precautionary measure . But it appears the situation is escalating in Port Prosperity . ( SIREN WAILING ) ALL : Our land ! God 's land ! Our land ! God 's land ! Our land ! Don 't put this on God . You don 't really believe that . I believe in our family . So do I. You sold us out for the palace life . ( PEOPLE CHANTING ) You lost yourself . And you 're a traitor . We 're not going anywhere ! ( GLASS SHATTERING ) ( GUNS FIRING ) ( ALL CLAMORING ) DAVID : Ethan ! Ethan ! ( GUN FIRES ) ( GUN FIRES ) Ethan ! ( GUN FIRING ) Ethan ! Come on ! Come on . Come on . What were you thinking ? You slew your Goliath . Maybe Silas is mine . This isn 't a competition , Ethan . Fighting over the good spot on the couch . This is real . What are you doing ? What we have to . They shot first , into an unarmed crowd . We have the right to defend ourselves . This was never a rally , was it ? You planned an insurrection . Silas didn 't give us a choice . We 're going to shut down the whole port . Stop everything from moving . And now , we have the whole world watching . We 'II be here every day , humiliating him until he does right by us . By our country . Or he could just kill you , Ethan . Killing us would turn the whole country against him . We 've tied his hands . You go out there and you tell him . We won 't stand for it . We want our God-given land back . And we want the freedom to live on it . ( POLICE SIREN WAILING ) THOMASINA : We have an update from Port Prosperity . They 've barricaded themselves and sent Captain Shepherd out with a statement ... " We fought for the King and spilled our blood . " But if he tries to take our land , we will fight against him . " Local police have requested military assistance . They don 't need it . At last count , one is dead , 31 injured . Shepherd reports a complement of guns . They can play at soldiers all they want . We will not get involved . THOMASINA : Sir . I have concern for your heart . Doctor gave it a clean bill just winter . Not the function . The temperature . I fear it 's gone cold . Since Serenity , sir . Since you stopped going . I know of no such place . So it seems . You have a point ? Without it ... Without her , you have not been yourself as ... As I know you . What you spied sharply , escapes notice . And what gave you pause , doesn 't . And without the counter-valence of warmth , you 've grown mean , sir . And I don 't know how to serve this cold Silas . And my duty is to protect the family . Then do it from the car . POLICE CHIEF : How heavily armed are the rebels ? They 're not rebels . They 're people like you and me just trying to make a point for the cameras . The Mayor just ordered us to go in and shut them down . No . You can 't move in on the building . We need to wait the protesters out . I take my orders from the Mayor now . You take your orders from the King . I 'm going in to speak on his behalf . What are you doing ? I 'm going to give them a chance to save themselves and show them someone still cares . I care . My brother , Ethan , is in there . I can 't let you do this . This isn 't your place . Michelle . Keep him here . I 'm going in . DAVID : You 're going to let the Princess walk in there ? Don 't let her go in there ! ... three Port Prosperity police officers , who are listed in stable condition . Wait ! Is that Michelle Benjamin ? Yes . We are seeing Princess Michelle making her way to the front of the stronghold . Until just a few moments ago , it seemed like the police were gearing up for some sort of ... You 're not going to believe this . Ethan Shepherd ? Does this mean Silas is canceling the handover ? No . He 's not going to change his mind . Then what are you doing here ? I came to apologize . The King shouldn 't have given up your land without consulting you . That 's what you 're offering ? An apology ? And a deal . Lay down your guns , and I go out to the press and announce that the King has granted you all amnesty . You can go back to your lives , your families ... This uprising forgiven in full . So , he doesn 't even know you 're here ? But if I speak for him , for you , he has no choice but to honor it . You think we 're going to quit when we 've come this far ? It 's that or prison . Either way , what you 're doing here is going to cause your families more suffering than the handover of land ever could . ( GUN COCKING ) I think we can do a Iot better than that . ETHAN : What are you doing ? Forcing the King 's hand . This isn 't the plan . We can settle everything today . Let 's see Silas ignore us now . Bring in the King 's Own . Storm it . Kill everyone inside . She gets out safe . She will . Media blackout . No impediments . already done . Only UNN refuses to comply . We 've got Baker at the helm there . Call him and tell him to pull them out . It 's not Baker anymore , sir . Jack ? Call Katrina Ghent . ( SIRENS WAILING ) SOLDIER : Falcon teams , fall out ! Secure the perimeter ! NEWS CHIEF : Sir , with respect , we 're the only network to defy the King 's blackout order . We 're getting pressure . Dear God , not pressure . ( SCOFFS ) My father sent his own daughter in harm 's way to be his mascot . If he 's ordering a media blackout , then she already failed , and he doesn 't want anyone knowing it . I say we broadcast some embarrassment . I say we don 't . Kill the live feed . Go to black or find the weather . We 're off the port . Excuse me . Why is anyone listening to her ? Because they just got the message I own the place . CrossGen owns the network . It did . I just bought up a whole mess of shares . My lawyers tell me it 's called an angry takeover . Something like that . What do I know ? You must have really pissed off your dad . He had Katrina Ghent buy it out from under us . He 's that scared of transparency . WILLIAM ON PHONE : Or of you having any real power . He 'd rather appoint that whore than let you assert yourself . You wanted my answer ? You have it . No doubts . I 'm in . Deep as you need me . A pawn lost . But we have our King . He 's no good to us without Samuels . Without his blessing , the public will never support a coup against Silas . Samuels will come . REPORTER ON RADIO : ... a truly unprecedented and historic move by the royal family at Prosperity , with Michelle Benjamin stunning local officials by meeting with protesters . Now called rebels by some ... ( BEEPING ) Who 's in command here ? SILAS : I am . Sir , you should know not all the protesters inside meant to risk her life . His brother is one of the rebels . He means to defend him . One Shepherd leads my flock . The other leads them astray . Yes . He took radical action to force your hand . But he would never hurt her . Others would . She 's there . When she was chipped , I prayed never to have to use it . She 's surrounded by my best marksmen . When I give the order , just like flipping a switch , everyone in there , save Michelle , goes dark . They don 't deserve this . My daughter is in there at gunpoint . I don 't care if the whole world dies , as long as she comes out safe . My family has given up so much for you . please don 't take Ethan from us . Let me go in there . I can talk to them . I can try to get them to give themselves up . This is the safest and best plan . The only way to secure her safety . Then give me a chance . Why should I trust my daughter 's life to chance ? When everything inside me screamed I was betraying my family , I still trusted you . You have two minutes . But know this . Once in there we cannot distinguish you from other . And in two minutes ' time , if you 're still in there and standing , you die with the others . You coddle him . This is no time for it . We should proceed with the original plan . Enough . ( GUNS COCKING ) DAVID : It 's over . The press is gone . Everyone is . Except men with guns . Put down yours . While you still have a chance . But our cause is right . We can 't surrender . Martyring yourselves won 't change anything . No one will even know . God will . God will know . ( CELL PHONE BEEPING ) Excuse me . DAVID : What about Mom , huh ? What about our family ? I 'm doing this for them . You 're not doing this for them . Or God . You 're doing this for you . ETHAN : What do you know ? You left us ! Oh , you couldn 't stand that I actually did something while you did nothing . I took care of Mom ! Mom won 't survive if she loses another son ! You think this honors EIi ? You 're nothing like him . Thank God he 's dead . Because if he could see you , he 'd be ashamed . ( GRUNTING ) Now . ( GUNS FIRING ) ( SIGHS ) ( GUN FIRES ) ( SIGHS ) You can stop worrying . I 'm fine . Well , good . Now , I can have you killed . I should kill your serviceman , too . He answers to me , not you . Not ever . That was the deal . Do anything that stupid again , and all deals are off , save the one I make with your jailor . You had me chipped ? When you were five . Your words today at the river ... Sir ... More than I ever heard you string together in a month . Now , you 've been in my employ in this capacity for how long ? I don 't keep count . How long ? Ten years , eight months , some days . Maybe , it 's time , for a promotion . KIotz , where can I find Shepherd ? already sent for him . Waiting on the King , ma 'am . Oh , my God . You love Thomasina . Since when ? First Night . Hair up . Something happened . You are so screwed . Oh , I 'm so screwed . Let me explain . You picked the wrong time to stretch your wings . I didn 't know Michelle was at risk when I told the cameras to stay . I didn 't know . And if you did ? I might have done the same . You should be careful accepting gifts from your uncle . They 're never actually gifts . You push me to prove myself , then cut me down when I aspire . It doesn 't exactly encourage . No . I haven 't been fair to you , have I ? Some ministry positions have recently opened . And I 'm thinking of offering one to someone in name only . Maybe you should have the job of it . You 're giving me a ministry ? The teeth behind the title . Teach you to exercise power without credit . That 's if you 're still interested in the position . I am . I think you two will enjoy working together . DAVID : I don 't know where they took him . There 's no record of Ethan at any of the jails . It 's like they made him disappear . I didn 't know we did that . I 'm so sorry . What you did ... Trying to save a princess who doesn 't know her place ... You don 't have a place . He 's lucky to have someone as loyal as you . Captain , the King awaits . Show him , Abner . He 's earned the right . You were watching Ethan before the rally ? ABNER : Your brother and his accomplices have been conspiring for weeks . You knew what they were going to do , that there was going to be an uprising , and you let this happen ? A Ione messenger sent out to face an angry mob , an inadequate response to make me look deaf and dumb and all the while , fishing as a crisis played on , to see who took the bait . ABNER : Draw out the enemies . You never wanted me to succeed . The people have the right to mock , scorn , criticize , and burn unflattering photographs in effigy until morning , but I will not have my country drawn back into war by opportunists or fanatics . What 's going to happen to my brother ? He committed treason . DAVID : He saved Michelle . Which is why he 's alive to stand trial . I cannot brook insurrection . But on your pledge that he will return to face trial I 'II release him into your custody . Sir . I don 't know why you think he deserves special treatment . Only concern yourself with that I do . The Reverend Samuels and William , absent from our catch . I 'd have thought them first in the bucket . We have no evidence against them . Should some be manufactured ? Their day will come . Why did you warn me it was a trap ? Because Silas has grown soft and is no Ionger the man I swore to follow . Ethan . Ethan . Don 't talk to me anymore , David . Don 't talk to any of us .
