 I 've always loved the night sky . As a child I would lie in bed gazing out of my window , and fall asleep counting the stars , then dream about what might be out there . But I never dreamt that one day I would find out . How could I possibly have imagined everything that I would see ? Everything that we would see ? The Bane , Slitheen , the Gorgon , the Trickster . When I moved into Bannerman Road , I thought creatures like that were just stories . It 's amazing , Sarah Jane . And there 's still so much more to discover . All right , we 'll be coming up on Rigel Beta-Five in ... 30 seconds . I know this is a ... I know this is a radio telescope , Lucy , but that 's not really the kind of thing we tune into here . Sorry , Dad . And this is our kind of show ! It 's beautiful . And your mother wants you to go into chemistry ! You see sights like that down the end of a microscope ? No . You tell her from me next time you see her , your veins run with starlight . You are going to be an astronomer ! She says chemistry is hands-on . Astronomy is just eye-spy . Well , chemists smell of formaldehyde . Astronomy is science gone rock 'n'roll ! Well , something 's definitely got all shook-up on Rigel Beta-Five . I 've never seen anything like this before . Cyclic wave pattern . It 's intelligent . Amazing . Lucy , stay here ! Dad ! Wait for me ! Dad ? Dad , where are you ? ! I think it 's come . What if it 's " no " ? Then it 's " no " and nothing has changed , has it ? Maria , this new London office ... a job like that could change our lives . More than they have already ? I mean ... Xyloks , being turned to stone , alternate realities ? Anything else is just money . Ah , yeah , you 're right . How much of a shocker can this be ? You 're done for , Boney ! Non , Monsieur le Duc . I 've divided your forces . You 're outnumbered . You don 't stand a chance . See , that 's the problem with you , Boneparte . All mouth and short trousers . What 's going on ? It 's our history project for the weekend . On Monday , Clyde and I have to demonstrate the different battle strategies of Bonaparte and Wellington at Waterloo . I wanted to do the Battle of Hoth , But Mrs Pittman reckons that Star Wars isn 't historically accurate , or something like that . Oh , I see . Well , I 'm sorry , but I need to speak to Mr Smith . Of course , Sarah Jane . What can I do for you ? There 's a report on the news about a village called Goblin 's Copse . Apparently , last night people saw strange lights in the sky . Did you detect any spacecraft activity ? No . Lights in the sky can , of course , have many explanations other than those of an extra-terrestrial nature . An alien computer de-bunking flying saucers ? Now I 've heard everything . If every aerial phenomenon reported as a UFO was in fact an alien spacecraft , I assure you , Earth would be at the centre of a solar grid-lock backing up to the outer rings of Saturn . It could be my imagination , Mr Smith , but since your re-boot have you acquired a sense of humour ? I will run a diagnostics check immediately . But this is incredible ! I know , but ... I said it would change our lives ... but this 'd be so much more . Dad , it 's fantastic . Are you sure ? What are you asking me for ? Because this isn 't just a job offer , Maria , this can 't just be up to me . This decision involves you . Even your mum . And Sarah Jane , Luke , Clyde ... All of it will be over . I thought Mr Smith said there was no alien connection to the lights last night . He did . But the Tycho project radio telescope is based at Goblin 's Copse . Mr Smith is bright , but he doesn 't have a journalist 's nose for a story . What 's going on ? Strange lights in the sky , a creepy-sounding village and a radio telescope . Fancy a ride into the country ? Better catch it when I can . The Tycho Project is a network of radio telescopes around the world searching for friendly life in outer space . This one was converted from a Cold War listening station . Impressive . So instead of listening to the Russians , it 's listening out for aliens . So how come they 've never spotted any when we 've got aliens bent on invasion coming out of our ears ? Space is a big place , Clyde . All the radio telescopes in the world couldn 't monitor all of it . You mean they 're always looking the wrong way ? And let 's face it , most aliens don 't want to be seen . Until they 're ready to jump us . Why do I get the feeling they 're about to do it again ? Come on . Hello ? Is there anyone here ? Hello ? It 's like the Mary Celeste . Everything 's operational . But no sign of life . Tea break ? It 's stone cold . It 's as if something happened out of the blue . They left , suddenly . Just dropped everything and went . Lottery win . I 'm just trying to be positive . According to the data records , the antenna was in place to observe Rigel Beta-Five last night at 22.08 . But there seems to have been a burst of interference . Around ten o 'clock . That 's when villagers said they saw lights in the sky . So the people of Rigel Beta-Five don 't like telescopes being pointed at them . They come down to sort it . Like popping a paparazzi on the nose . Clyde . It just wouldn 't be the same without you . Well , it 's a good thing I 'm not going anywhere . Something in the woods ! There 's something in the woods ! Here . Drink some of this . Thank you . You 're welcome . Have you seen my dad ? No . The place was empty when we got here . My name is Sarah Jane Smith , I 'm a journalist . Who are you ? Lucy . My dad is Professor Nicholas Skinner . He runs the observatory . Last night , there were lights in the sky , circling the telescope . We went after them into the woods , but I lost him , and ... Something in the woods ! It chased me ! I fell , hit my head . Dad ! Maybe it 's got him ! Calm down . It 's all right . What did you see in the woods ? I couldn 't see it . It 's like it was there ... and it wasn 't . Like it was invisible ? It 's got my dad ! It must have ! Look , don 't worry , OK . We 'll go and find him . It 'll be all right . Come on . Just a minute . No-one is going into those woods until I know what we 're dealing with . I think Clyde wants to impress Lucy . Actually , her old man might be hurt out there . All right , Clyde . You have a look around the observatory buildings , but don 't go into the woods . Received and understood . Lucy 's dad isn 't here . Then he 's probably out there somewhere . Mum said we shouldn 't go into the woods . Ah , she meant all the way in . We 'll just have to nose around the edges . That 's all . Lucy 's sleeping . Exhausted , I expect . Should we ring the police about her dad ? I 'd like to think this is something the police could handle . My instincts tell me it isn 't . They also tell me there 's something you want to tell me . My dad 's been offered a new job ... In America . America ? Yeah , he applied for this place in London . Then , out of the blue , they offered him a job at the head office in Washington . Well , that 's excellent news . Yeah , I suppose . But , how can I leave all this behind ? Everything I 've seen ? Nothing stays the same for ever . If there 's anything I 've learned in my life , it 's that ... people always move on . Why are you being like this ? I don 't want to leave you . All the same , you must . Please don 't . I 'm sorry ... There 's no need to be sorry , Maria . I 'm sure you 'll have a wonderful life in America . America ? You 've only just finished decorating . It 's the job of a lifetime , Chrissie . Are you going to take it ? It 's not just about what I want to do . Does Maria want to go ? Maria didn 't think a job could change our lives any more than they 've been changed already . But she wasn 't expecting this . Neither was I. Didn 't think anything could surprise me now . You never know what 's round the corner , Alan . If we go , Maria has a lot more to give up than I do . And my little girl will be on the other side of the world . I hate woods . The city is civilization , this is the Land That Time Forgot . So why didn 't we just stay on the edge , like you said ? What was that ? Maybe it 's Professor Skinner . I can feel the hair on the back of my neck standing on end . That 's strange . So can I. No , Luke , that 's not strange . That is 100 % creeped-out to the max . Or the result of an electrostatic field . There 's something here , Clyde . Right here . Where ? There . Maybe it can 't see us . No , Clyde . I think he sees us . So why isn 't it coming after us ? I think it 's studying us . Run ! Come on ! This is wrong . We didn 't come this way . We follow that , it 's bound to lead to the road . Come on . What was that ? I can feel the hair on the back of my neck again . There 's something here that 's cloaked . What happened , is my dad here ? No , Lucy . But Clyde and Luke have gone to find him . I 'm sure they 'll be back soon . I have to find him ! Lucy ! Lucy . Lucy , please , you have to listen to me . Why , I don 't even know who you are ! Believe me , I know about things like this . Tell me about the lights you saw . They were the size of footballs . Circling the dish . Footballs ? So we 're not talking about spaceships then ? Don 't be so sure , the Vorkazian hordes of Meta-Vorka Six travel in spacecraft about the size of a coffee cup . But I believe what Lucy saw last night were some sort of drones . Spaceships ? You 're talking about spaceships ? Here ? Come on , in this day and age the idea of aliens shouldn 't be so difficult to accept . Dad ! Dad ! I was so worried . Lucy , I 've been looking for you . Something chased me last night in the woods . There 's nothing in the woods . Perhaps something to do with the lights you saw , Professor ? My name is Sarah Jane Smith , this is my friend , Maria . What happened to you last night ? This is a private scientific facility . Visitors are not welcome . Miss Smith is a journalist . I see . Well , I 'm sorry to disappoint you , but there 's no story here . The lights were ball lightning . A rare , but fascinating meteorological phenomenon . Not an invasion of little green men . Not this time . Goodbye . Oh . I see . But there was something in the woods . Your imagination , Lucy . That 's all . Now , if you will excuse us , I 'd like to take care of my daughter . Yes . Of course . Come on , Maria . There 's something wrong here , Sarah Jane . Yes . His body language was all wrong . He didn 't look like a worried father who 's been out hunting for his missing daughter . In fact , he didn 't act like her father , at all . MOBILE PHONE RINGS It 's Luke . I made you a coffee , Dad . Dad ? Hey , are you all right ? Dad ? I thought I told you two to stay out of the woods ! I know . But did you really think we would ? Of course not . That 's why I 'm so angry with myself . It 's this way . We thought it was some sort of a force field at first . But it isn 't . I think it 's a perception camouflage matrix . I think that 's what the alien was using , too . It 's got a shape . See ? It 's sort of ... round . Is it the alien 's ship ? Let 's see , shall we ? Oh , no . It can 't be . What is it ? We have to get out of here right now . Back to the car . Quickly . What is it ? This is too big for us . We can 't handle this . I have to contact UNIT . You 've never wanted to call in UNIT before . You don 't like the military . That is a Sontaran space pod . I 've seen one , twice before , and I prayed that I would never see another . And never on Earth . The Sontarans are brutal killers . If there are Sontarans here then we are in trouble . Very big trouble . They have one thing on their minds . Conquest . Sontar . Ha ! Urrgh ! I am so off baked spuds . Consider yourselves prisoners of war ! Who are you ? What are you doing on Earth ? I am Commander Kaagh , attached to the Tenth Sontaran Fleet . Kaagh the Slayer , soon to be Kaagh the Avenger ! Kaagh the Destroyer ! Sounds like Kaagh Who Watches Too Many Conan DVDs to me . Clyde , be quiet ! I take it you 're responsible for the lights last night ? Simple devices to draw the primitives out of the radio telescope . You are my prisoners . Move ! Look ! UNIT ! By the might of Sontar ! Resistance will be crushed ! Do you know where you 're going ? As far away from Kettle Head as I can get ! No , we have to go back to the telescope . Lucy is there . And her father ... whatever Kaagh has done to him . I don 't get it . What does an alien want with a radio telescope anyway ? I don 't know . Whatever Kaagh is up to , we have to stop him . Professor Skinner ? Professor Skinner ? Whoah ! What is that ? Some sort of neural control implant , I imagine . I always thought the Sontarans used hypnosis to control their drones . What , is he dangerous ? Probably not as long as we let him get on with what he 's doing . Where 's Lucy ? Maybe I can fix what Kaagh has done to the Professor and find out . Put it down , female . How do you know Mum 'll be here ? Lucy . She would have wanted to be sure she was safe . Besides , this place is right in the middle of what ever Kaagh is up to . She 'll have come back here . It 's what I would do . Trouble is , so would Kaagh . I know . But where else can we find out what he 's planning ? We have to find a way in there without him seeing . Like that . The first law of the battlefield ... think like your enemy . You didn 't escape me . You saved me the trouble of your escort . What about my two friends ? They escaped . Half-forms ! What trouble can they cause ? You should ask my teacher . But you interest me , female . You know my kind . Oh , very well , Commander Kaagh . I met your people a long time ago . And some time off yet . I can tell you that the Sontaran Empire is going to be around for another 10,000 years . Unfortunately , there will still be no end to your war with the Rutan Host . But knowing Sontarans , that 's probably the way you like it , isn 't it ? You have encountered my kind and survived . You are indeed an extraordinary female . Flattery won 't get you anywhere . But you could tell me what you think you 're doing on this planet . And why Professor Skinner is hacking in to the access codes of satellites in Earth 's orbit . That is what he 's doing , isn 't it ? I am the sole survivor of the Tenth Sontaran Battle Fleet 's Earth Invasion Force . You mean we already beat you ? Loser ! The Empire had a plan . We infiltrated your automotive technology to introduce caesofine gas into the atmosphere . ATMOS ! The Sontarans were behind ATMOS ! The sky ... it burned . We were tricked . How ? A man they called The Doctor . Of course . I 'll bet that must be quite annoying . One man destroying an entire battle fleet . The Doctor 's my friend , Kaagh . So you 'd better watch out ! No , it is you who are in peril . I should take you back to Sontar to pay for his crimes . For what he has done to me ! The Doctor did that to you ? I was being despatched to Earth from the Battle Fleet when he destroyed the mother ship . I lost control of my craft ... It nearly burned up as it crashed through your atmosphere . The G-forces nearly killed me , but I survived . Sontar . Ha ! I was injured , alone , my fellow warriors , the entire battle force destroyed . The lone survivor of a shame campaign , defeated by a single man without so much as a weapon in his hand . But I am a commander in the Special Assault Squad , trained to operate behind enemy lines . And as long as I have breath , I am undefeated . I moved my craft away from human eyes as I repaired it . And I laid my plans for the revenge of the Sontaran Empire ! Here , I have all the weaponry I need to render your miserable planet a cinder floating in space . By dropping satellites out of the sky ? Hold on , satellites come crashing down all the time . We get it on the news , but it 's no big deal . They drop into the sea or they burn up . We guide them into the sea , Clyde . I think Kaagh is planning something much more dramatic . My scans detect more than 3,000 satellites orbiting your planet . Your primitive , but deadly , nuclear reactors on Earth will make effective targets . You 'll trigger a nuclear chain reaction that will wipe out all life . And I shall return to Sontar as the avenging hero . My name shall be purged of the shame of defeat , it will echo through the Halls of the Fallen and the Brave . Sontar . Ha ! And when does this happen ? When they are in the primary position of alignment , a signal from the telescope antenna will bounce across the satellite network and trigger their fall . In 45 minutes . Forget it . It 's not going to happen . We 've seen off all sorts of aliens . No way is Earth going to go down to the Baked Spud From Outer Space ! Your defiance is good , half-form . We have to do something . Our battle intelligence on semi-developed organisms is incomplete . The countdown will give me time to expand it with the experiments I shall perform ... .. on you . Don 't you lay a finger on him ! I won 't let you ! Defiance will be eliminated ! 14 minutes , Clyde . Dad , you have to help us . Alan , what 's going on ? Intruders at my ship ? My dad 's got a job in America . Are you going with him ? I will crush you with my bare hands , Bite-size !
