 ROSE : Previously on Kings ... SILAS : Port Prosperity . Issue peace . Real , lasting . Six months hence . ( CRASHING ) DAVID : Hey . KING 'S OWN : David Shepherd , you 're under arrest . On what charge ? Treason . SILAS : The bloody King of Carmel , Vesper Abadon . I 'm the only one who ever tells you the truth . I 'm pregnant . Your father , he has eyes for David 's blood . If he knew , he would never let that child live . King Silas framed this entire case . Coerced witnesses , faked evidence , convinced me to lie against David . You 're a traitor . You 're both traitors . You 're all traitors ! After seeing what Silas really is , they 'II be begging for his replacement . We act now . And the country will have its new King . Yes . I think you may have made a mistake . What 's this ? Incentive . To see if the tongue relied upon retains all its facility . ( EXCLAIMS ) Chocolate . Cassis . Vines grown in clay , roots at the surface . ( INHALES ) Mmm . Mmm . Oak there . Two years to mellow . Ivano ' 61 ? ( GASPS ) So , you wanna stay King ? Gath to arrive at 1 0 : 00 . Good . The ceremony for the handover of Port Prosperity is scheduled for 1 1 : 00 . No , delay till noon . David 's gone . No prison , no records . He 's made it like David never existed . Politics is the priority now , hmm ? Soon we give land back to Gath and your grandchildren , someday , will tug on your sleeve and ask you what it was like when your father made peace . A peace David brokered . How can you sit here and cater his parties after what he did to David , to Jack ? You have more to live for now than David . If he knew what you carried , he 'd say the same . I already betrayed him once , I can 't let him down again . You want to have any chance of saving him , you give the King a reason to say yes when you beg . ABADON : You got yourself here , and it 's time to change or die . You have to Iearn to live without air . And for you , air is adoration . Oh , is it wrong to seek the opinion of the people ? Of course , it is . You 're the best thing for them and they don 't know it . That 's right . What would they have without Silas ? You . You see . They owe you . Stop trying to win their approval . It is better to be feared than loved , necessary . Maybe you once brought your country into a new day , but that day is done . Now , you rule by night . ( SIGHS ) Cutting out pictures ? I have to do something to pass the time , and you 've taken up all the pacing . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) WILLIAM : Captain ... JACK : Call this a safe house ? I 'm suffocating . You have to get me out of here . My father is the one that should be in prison , not me . You said we would act now . We are , listen . He lost their trust when the Treasury crashed , their security when the city went dark . Thanks to you , they all know he 's a petty murderer . Now he 's giving away their land ? The people will beg you to take his place . No one will remember the names your father called you . Then it happens at Port Prosperity . Your last hours as a prince . Savor them . SILAS : My son ... Hang him . My peace ? You want to give Gath the land ? Do it . Those for , plant in front of the cameras . Those against , plant in the dirt . That simple ? Don 't hide it . Let the sun dapple the whole damn mess , and anyone still plotting against you will do it slipping in a blood puddle . I 'm trying to win my people back , not get them to hate me more . They already think me a tyrant . I know you , Silas , better than anyone . ( SCOFFS ) My worst enemy , now my only friend . You 're no tyrant . But you could be , if you tried . Things could get complicated after Port Prosperity . I 'II have the jet ready to take you first thing . You don 't want me around ? Well , I just want you safe . What you 're doing is so important . I don 't want to be safe , I want to be a part of it . I can be useful , you 'II see . And Shepherd ? You need to kill him . And soon . He 's watched over . How do you kill someone whom God protects ? ABADON : Easy . ( CLICKING TONGUE ) With a bullet . What the hell is that ? You 've a Iot of catching up to do . Feed him . It 'II be your last meal . When we give the land back to Gath , you die . And I 'II truly have peace . FEMALE ANNOUNCER 1 : And tomorrow , six months after King Silas announced the return of these lands to Gath as part of the ... MALE ANNOUNCER 1 : Controversy surrounds the King 's message , and many think the handover of Port Prosperity is yet another misguided ... FEMALE ANNOUNCER 2 : The country remains divided on the issue of the land return . MALE ANNOUNCER 2 : King Silas ' judgment has been called into serious question since his shocking outburst during the Shepherd trial . FEMALE ANNOUNCER 3 : He and the Gath Premier will meet at Port Prosperity at noon tomorrow . Some consider the price of peace too dear . We open the gate , we close the gate . I guess they ' re still giving the land back , big day coming . Yeah , we got to stay here . The entire house staff has something to do with the ceremony , and we got to stay at the gate . This is our job , it 's important . How ? It just is . The King approaches . Tomorrow has come . Some of you meet it with reproach and with the unkind thought that the return of any land to an enemy is weakness . Lose that thought , friends . The handover of Port Prosperity will take place , and Gath will be our unfiring chum . In the name of peace , I will crush any in the blessed event 's way . There are some still in their homes , sir , refusing to leave . Any who have not vacated by the deadline will be arrested . Any who resist arrest will be shot twice . ( MEN MURMURING ) Oh , say you have some dissent , please . None at all , sir . Shall I order a media blackout to keep anyone from thinking you unsympathetic ? But I am unsympathetic to all those who oppose my will . Send more cameras . Let them remember it was my will that built from the ashes this nation and put in their mouth the right to complain , but there are limits , now reached . Go , do your jobs . Sir . What is the official statement on the fate of David Shepherd ? Who ? ( ROSE CLAPPING ) You call to mind a much younger Silas . Oh , I know this one . He lives off two hours ' sleep in the fear of lesser men . He takes what he wants and gets thanked for it . Hmm ? It 's the old days come again . They never left . ( MOANS ) Here , now . ( CHUCKLES ) Yes . Jack . Oh , forget Jack . No , he 's in hiding from you . So he should be . He 's your son . Hmm ? Who once you held in the palm of your hand . Whose laughter was God 's greatest gift . Not anymore . Jack is assuredly under this family 's legacy , hmm ? He lives , or the crown dies with you . Lucky I don 't die . I built this country with you . I bound it to our family and name . Hmm ? You may have a will , but I maximize your effect . Tomorrow will be your greatest hour , and you need at Ieast one smile by your side that isn 't trying to hold back the tears . So Jack will stand beside you . He will not be arrested and he will not be harmed . You will acknowledge him , and you will do this for me . And if I don 't ? You 'II find yourself standing alone . If he behaves , I won 't cut his throat . Interesting turn . I got an unexpected call . Your mother just begged you a pardon from Silas . He should be begging for mine . Good . Be angry . But a king must also learn the value of humility . This offers us an opportunity . For what ? For you to be next to him , ready , when they hate him the most . And then , just as he starts to bark his disgrace ... I come forward . The world will see one king fall and another rise . AII it will take is a Iittle pain . Where is David ? Held temporarily underground until we can find a more permanent place for him there . Noon tomorrow , David Shepherd ceases to exist . Time to find a new boyfriend . What if I already did ? What if I found someone and was seen with him ? Let the cameras and the country see that the princess found someone she likes more than David Shepherd . How he doesn 't mean anything to her , and he shouldn 't to them either . What a mature young lady you have become . I want to say goodbye . Better hurry . MICHELLE : David . ( SIGHS ) There 's no way to say sorry well enough . You needed me and I Ieft you . Did you think I was guilty ? No , but there was a reason . I would have bet my Iife you 'd be there for me . ( SIGHS ) I did . You didn 't come . I couldn 't . please , just let me explain . I can 't trust you , Michelle . Nothing you say could matter to me . Just keep your reasons . Goodbye , David . ( DOG BARKING ) ( WHIMPERING ) SOLDIER : Move ! Let 's go ! Let 's go ! Everybody out ! Let 's go ! ( SCREAMING ) ( SOLDIERS CLAMORING ) ( GUNSHOT ) This is such an important day . I 'm so glad you asked me to come . Me , too . Are you sure you wouldn 't rather be here with someone else ? I can 't think of anyone as kind . ( CROWD CHANTING ) MAN : Silas , you 're a murderer . I 'm proud of you . For bringing Paul Lash ? Paul Lash is just a choice . Most men are . You understand the role you have to play now . For the most part , it won 't be enjoyable . Oh , I know how to play pretty princess . I 've had the role since birth . I mean your new role . As mother , hmm ? It changes everything . Makes choices much easier . When it starts to happen , you stay close . Don 't worry , no one ever sees me . That 's a good thing . Look what happens to the ones who need to be seen . He thinks it 's all selfish . CrossGen , our thick pocket lining , or our pockets swell for war . There 's a language to civilization and a small group of scholars who can read it . I was born fluent . General Benjamin could barely make out the glyphs . As King , he 's lost his glasses . He can 't see that war is just the fuel of progress . Nothing gets made in peace , except art . He changed . I remember when we first met . I really liked him . He used to be so funny . ABADON : Are you really not gonna eat any of that ? I can smell the meat from here . Oh , shame to waste steak . ( CLANKING ) ( CHUCKLES ) ( EXCLAIMS ) Thank you . ( ABADON EXCLAIMS ) The girl ? The King 's daughter . ( EXCLAIMS ) Not bad . It doesn 't matter . The King , in all his wisdom , set me up to die any minute . That was my idea . Sorry about that , David . You know who I am ? Oh , I know lots about you . You gave me back my mind . I was asleep for a Iong time . ( GRUNTS ) I talked to weevils in my mash , filled books with garbage . And then you came , rose like the sun , and outshone the world 's brightest star . ( CORK POPPING ) And then he came to me . And I told him ... ( LAUGHS ) I told him to block you out . ( SIGHS ) Bring back the night to turn into me . And he listened . And in helping him , I got my mind back . At some point , he 'II realize that I was up to no good , and , boy , will he be mad . Who are you ? I am the King . You 're a prisoner . Don 't suppose they tell in school of Vesper Abadon ? Only about his atrocities . Hmm . Interesting fellow , with his faults . If he were alive , he 'd probably tell you that there is nothing to be afraid of in death . Were you loved , David ? I 'm not sure . You were . I saw that someone whose heart will die when you do . It 's lucky . Even if it was just sky-fire fast . Since I owe you double , let me give you a parting gift , your obol coin in the mouth . It is always better to be loved than feared . Some of us made the mistake the other way , and it does not go well . Die loved , you die happy . I 'd rather live miserable . I Iike you . ( CHUCKLES ) It 's time . How ? Firing squad . Gath has arrived , sir . And they said it couldn 't be done . No , they didn 't . And the audience that awaits us ? Handpicked on both sides . I come to beg forgiveness . Forgiveness is a form of love , and I do not love you . Silas ... JACK : Yes , you do . Kneel . Kneel . Now , kiss the ground I walk on . Silas ! Your mouth 's been in dirtier places . That 's the second time your mother 's given you life . It 'II be the Iast . ( PLAYING FANFARE ) ( CROWD CHEERING ) Last time we met , we weren 't sure who should shake hands first . Well , you 've taken the liberty twice . Now , Iet me then be the one to offer my hand . What is it like , governing when the people have hope ? Unusual . And how has it been , governing when they are afraid ? Easier . The men are in position . As soon as Jack makes his move . The people are ready for a new king , so let 's give them one . SOLDIER : Captain David Shepherd , by order of the King , you 've been condemned to death . What you have to say , we are ready to hear . Peace is not a lamb , but a lion , and it requires force and discipline . Otherwise , it will go wild and feed on you . I make no meek apology . History will thank me . You will , too . AII right , Jack , do it . The sun says noon . It is time to hand over this territory to Gath . I have only ever lived for peace . I lift my eyes to you , and I know I 'II find it . Our cause is peace . We 've been on a Iong drift from God and it is the duty of the leader to sense the tide and turn the salt-blind swimmer towards where we can see the shore . The natives are friendly . MAN : ( SHOUTING ) Murderer ! ( CROWD GASPING ) ( GRUNTING ) Well , not all of them , hmm ? Ready . ( INHALES DEEPLY ) SILAS : Our people have been at odds for too long , but that battle ends today . AII battles end today . Aim . ( EXHALES ) And our land be your land . Peace at any price . Do it , Jack . ( CAMERAS CLICKING ) ( WOMAN SCREAMING ) ( SCREAMING ) Fire ! ( CROWD CLAMORING ) ( GUN FIRING ) ( AMBULANCE SIRENS BLARING ) Oh , dear ! The King is shot . The King is shot . ( GASPS ) MALE ANNOUNCER 1 : The King is dead . We have unconfirmed reports that the King was fatally shot ... FEMALE ANNOUNCER 1 : These killings are believed to be the work of the Gath military , who shot and killed 10 civilians during the ceremony . FEMALE ANNOUNCER 2 : King Silas ' body is currently being taken to an undisclosed location ... FEMALE ANNOUNCER 3 : It is believed that the Prince threw himself in front of the assassin ' s bullet . MALE ANNOUNCER 2 : The handover of Port Prosperity has been canceled and the future of peace is in question . ( DOOR OPENING ) ( EXCLAIMS ) ( SNIFFLES ) You 've come to tell me ... You 've come to tell me he 's dead . Ma 'am . No , he can 't be . I know him . He 's harder than lead . He once looked at a man , and he fell dead of fright . And you would have known this . You see things of this size . Did you see some sign ? No ! Silas does not die like this . He does not die . Rose ... Rose , he was just a man after all , more so today than ever . Now your son and daughter , the country , they are all going to look to you for how to mourn . Shall we go and see the body ? Silas is not a body ! He is not dead ! Any moment , the King will walk through the door . ( TRUMPETS SOUND ) ( SNIFFLING ) Ah , the King , the King . ( SIGHS ) I didn 't want it to be this way , but we 're here now . I take my place . His place . ( SIGHS ) As you 've always said , Mother , many times , the people must see us be us , even when we 're not . We must be a family now . ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ) It 's true then . He 's dead . Mourn if you must . I was worried you wouldn 't make this . It was you . You saved my Iife . Why ? We 're rid of the poison . My father 's gone . It 's my turn to rule , and I want to do it well . I need someone good around here . I 'II try to do right by your example . I swear to you , from this moment on , I am your friend . ( GASPING ) They took from us our best , but we cannot let the work of rogues impede my father 's best ambition , peace . To that end , Iet it be said , Iet it be known , Iet it be remembered , that I , on the day of my melancholy ascension , saw through that goal . But we need not give up our land to achieve that peace . We can reach out to Gath ... Enough ! We suffered enough peacock speeches under him . If there 's to be change , Iet 's start there . I don 't speak the backwards language of kings , so I 'II talk plain . Silas is dead . Killed by Gath assassins . The media will confirm the story today . Jack will be King . His first order will be to avenge his father 's murder . Gath has never wanted peace with us . They want war , and we will give it to them . Ready our planes to strike . JACK : No . Perhaps we should wait , mourn our loss , not let grief cloud our good judgment . The country doesn 't want this . WILLIAM : They will when we 're attacked ! And Gath will strike , right here in Shiloh . You can count on it . No . War is not the answer , as King . Sit down , Jack . The Reverend was right . Grief clouds judgment . Our heir apparent has had a traumatic day , so until he has recovered properly and mourned his loss , I 'II help make his essential decisions . You did this . I 've allied the media , the military , now our new King , all to this purpose . And you used my son ! Neither you , nor he , nor any vagrant opinion will interrupt what ... And now you 've got me doing it ! We attack ! Today ! Father ... ( WHISPERS ) What ? They found his ambulance . There 's no sign of him . ( AMBULANCE HORN HONKING ) WILLIAM : Who ? Silas . He 's gone . Where is he ? If he 's alive , he went somewhere to lick his wounds . Someone here knows something . You ? I don 't know , sir . Hmm . He ... ( GROANING ) WILLIAM : What about his pilgrimage ? Where 'd he go ? Mmm ... Tell me . ( SHOUTS ) Tell me ! Stop this ! No one knows . Not even me . Shot twice . Couldn 't have gotten far . Check every bush and cave . No one leaves this building till I see a body ! You were at pilgrimage with him . You know where he is . ( WHISPERS ) I can get you out of here . My father had a secure passage built to altar Mansion , but he only ever showed the family . Go . David ! Be safe . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) ( CAR HONKING ) ( SIREN BLARING ) David Shepherd ! ( SIGHS ) I need your help . Anything you need . KLOTZ : What can we do ? I need to get out . Can you open that gate ? ( CAR TIRES SCREECHING ) ( GLASS SHATTERING ) ( PEOPLE EXCLAIMING ) Mother . Just tell me you didn 't know . Even if it 's not true . ( DOOR OPENING ) Come . Time to greet your country . Don 't do this , Jack . You don 't owe him . He 's alive . I know it . He 's alive , he 'II come back and he will kill us all . Cameras are ready . Where 's David Shepherd ? Andrew , see if you can find anyone who knows anything about where he went . If you do , bring them to me . Of course . ( REPORTERS CLAMORING ) Have you come to finish me off ? ( GUN COCKING ) I 'm not here for that . Or maybe plant a garden ? ( SIGHS ) Jack has named himself King , but only as a puppet . Cross is the real power . He wants a war with Gath that will never end . ( SIGHS ) Someone had to win . ( SILAS GROANS ) Don 't you understand ? Everything you ever built will be destroyed unless you go back ! I 'm done , boy , read the signs . ( SILAS SIGHING ) What about your country ? Hmm ? No , you don 't deserve to die loved . You don 't deserve it , you son of a bitch ! Get up ! After all the wrong you 've done to them , to me ! I fought for you . I believed in you . We all did ! ( WHISPERS ) You told us you were chosen to lead . Was that a lie ? Or did God just make a mistake ? SETH : Daddy ... Come here , puppy . Are you leaving again ? Remember what I said about working for the King ? I am the King .
