 ( 4400-S3E03-Gone Part 2 ) ( dramatic theme playing ) We 're not a threat . We 're salvation . The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 : MATTHEW : I see you 've been spending a lot of time with Shawn . People see her , they see a woman . A beautiful woman . And they might forget that inside she 's just a little girl . I 'm glad she has you around , to be a friend . You killed people . That 's not what we discussed when you approached me . We are in a war . It 's gonna cost money . ( gasps ) You sold us out . I 'm very disappointed in you , Shawn , but I 'm afraid I can 't forgive you . Diana Skouris , your adoption of Maia Rutledge is hereby complete , legal and binding . Ms. Skouris , my name is Sara . I 'm Maia 's sister . Do you see the future more clearly since you stopped the inhibitor ? Who are you ? I 'm Lindsey . I 'm a part of her collection . We all are . ( wails ) : Tyler ! Duncan ! SARA : You 've been here ever since you walked through the front door of my house . You 're in the future . We had to bring you here , Maia , you and your friends . Before we put you back in your new time , we 'll make you forget your mother . ( sobbing ) : Please , don 't ! SARA : They 'll forget you too . ( knocking on door ) ( slow piano theme playing ) Hey . Oh . Marco , they 're beautiful . How did you know I like anemones ? You remember that bad Italian restaurant ? I asked you what your favorite flower was , and you said : Anemones . Most guys don 't even listen to table talk . You not only heard me , you remembered . Do you know how lucky you 're gonna get tonight ? Ahh , then my plan is working . I thought it was just gonna be the two of us . It is . Then who 's the other plate for ? Di ? I don 't know what I was thinking . ( scoffs ) ( KT Tunstall 's " Black Horse and the Cherry Tree " playing ) ¶ Woo-hoo ¶ ¶ Woo-hoo ¶ ¶ Woo-hoo ¶ Are you having fun ? ( laughing ) : Of course , I 'm having fun . You sure you don 't want a turn at the wheel ? It 's your fantasy . Okay , honey . Hold on . ¶ Woo-hoo ¶ ( engine revving ) ¶ I came across a place In the middle of nowhere ¶ ¶ With a big black horse And a cherry tree ¶ ¶ Woo-hoo ¶ ¶ Woo-hoo ¶ Look out ! ( brakes screeching ) You all right ? Oh- - I think so . You saw her too , right ? Of course I did . Why would a little girl be standing in the middle of the road ? I have no idea . A joy ride in the country . That 's what we agreed on , right ? A great car , a deserted road . Hitting some kid at 80 miles plus ? Where the hell does that come in ? What happened to her ? Thomas . Hey ! Hey . Hey . Hey , what- - ? You ... You okay ? ( mysterious theme playing ) Who was she ? I have no idea . ( Amanda Abizaid 's " A Place In Time " playing ) ¶ La , la , la , la ¶ ¶ La , la ¶ ¶ La , la ¶ ¶ So long ago ¶ ¶ Another life ¶ ¶ I can feel your heart beat ¶ ¶ It 's not a dream ¶ ¶ Remember us ¶ ¶ I can see it in your eyes ¶ ¶ We 'll find Our place in time ¶ ¶ A place in time ¶ ¶ Beyond the sun ¶ ¶ We 'll find Our place in time ¶ ¶ A place in time To call our own ¶ ¶ La , la ¶ ¶ La , la , la , la ¶ ¶ La , la ¶ ¶ La , la , la , la ¶ How many times have we done this , Alana ? Gone away in one of these fantasy worlds you create ? A dozen times ? Two dozen ? At least . And these worlds , they always feel real . Except this time , a girl without a face appears outta nowhere . It felt more like a nightmare . But something like that was bound to happen sooner or later . I build these worlds out of our memories . I guess this time I dredged up something incomplete . A- - A fragment of something . A sort of mental hiccup . Okay , but this girl ? Is she part of my memory or yours ? Yours , mine , both . There 's no way to know , is there ? One of us might have seen her picture in a book , or seen her in the street . Yeah , we just don 't remember her face . It might have just been a glimpse . Yeah , well ... that glimpse pretty much ruined our night . Well , tomorrow night will be better . I promise . Anywhere you wanna go , anywhere we wanna go and anything we wanna do . Hmm . You know , for his 12th birthday , I took Kyle fishing up at the Dosewallips River . I thought maybe the three of us could go there . That sounds great . And maybe this time we could actually catch some fish . ( laughs ) Okay . I don 't know what 's wrong with my bedroom . Or yours , for that matter . ( gasping ) We 've already done it there a bunch of times . Experts say you should do adventurous things to keep relationships more interesting . They say that , huh ? Mm-hmm . What could be more adventurous than a quickie in the staircase ? Did you ... switch from Encyclopaedia Britannica to Cosmo magazine or something ? What- - ? Well , I read lots of stuff . Uh- - I 'll take the elevator . Devon . How embarrassing for her . ( giggles ) Isabelle , just stop ! Just- - ( sighs ) What 's the matter , Shawn ? What 's wrong ? She 's not gonna tell my father . She 'd be too afraid of me . Isabelle . She 's gonna tell someone , and then they 'll tell someone else . And then , everybody 's gonna know . ( phone ringing ) Where 's your partner ? Late . A 4400 , Christopher Dubov , was attacked outside his home last night . I wanna know if we 're looking at a hate crime . It says here he 's a lawyer at Teller and Dutch . That 's a major mergers and acquisitions firm . They 've been all over the financial pages this year . Yeah , which makes him a high-profile 4400 . An easy target for somebody looking to make a point . No , it makes him a corporate raider who 's put a lot of people in the unemployment line . His 4400 status isn 't the only motive someone might have to attack him . Just talk to him . See if he can write you up a list . Oh , alarm clock need new batteries ? No , it 's a crappy morning . You opening up a newsstand ? No . Just a project that I 'm working on . So , what do we got ? ( dramatic theme playing ) Yeah , you could call it a hate crime . My son Michael certainly hates me . Your son did this to you , Mr. Dubov ? His mom and I split up . He blames me . I 'm the one who introduced her to Bob , her new husband . I knew they belonged together . I could smell it . I 'm not sure I follow . It 's my ability . It showed up once I stopped taking the promicin inhibitor . I can smell pheromones . You mean the stuff people put out to attract other people ? Weird , huh ? Things between my wife and I haven 't been too good for a while . Then I met Bob . He 's my new dentist . Right away , there was something familiar about him . Then I realized what it was . He smelled just like Caroline . So I made her an appointment . I had to know whether or not they belonged together . Let me guess . Love at first sight . Sight , smell , whatever . You and your son look very happy together . Those were taken when Michael was 10 . Ten . That 's a- - That 's a great age . Mr. Dubov , do you want us to talk to Michael ? Explain to him that assault is a serious crime ? No , forget it . I-I 'm sorry my secretary called you . Besides , I think I know a way to get him to forgive me . There 's a new bar around the corner . One of the waitresses , she smells just like my kid . Let 's hope she 's not married . Amen to that . You know , I bet if that guy quit his job and opened up a dating service , he 'd make a fortune . I 'm not sure how turning a corporate lawyer into cupid is gonna help save the future . Wha- - ? Hey . Honey , what 's going on ? ( sobs ) You all right ? Dubov was gone for like , five years , right ? I ... I bet his son really missed him . Probably . I mean , every 4400 left someone behind . Are you sure it 's not something else ? No . It 's fine , really . It 'll pass . ( sniffles ) Okay . ( dramatic theme playing ) Physical . You and Isabelle ? You wanna explain that ? I asked you a question ! What exactly is going on between you and my daughter ? We never planned on going behind your back . In fact , we never planned it at all . It just kind of happened . Friendship ! Remember ? We talked about that . That 's as far as it was supposed to go . I don 't know what to say . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry too . I 'm sorry I ever trusted you . Isabelle is just a child . No , Richard , she isn 't . She 's emotionally immature , and you took advantage of that ! That 's what you think ? You know me better than that . That 's not fair . I know your judgment stinks . That 's what I know . You 're gonna stay away from my daughter . I 'm not gonna make that promise to you . I am not giving you a choice here , you understand me ? This thing between the two of you- - It is over . ( knocking on door ) I don 't recall saying " come in . " I thought perhaps a referee might be in order . May I advise you gentlemen to go to your neutral corners ? This is a private conversation , Matthew ! It may have started out that way , but I assure you , it 's becoming very public . I could hear you out in the hallway . And for the record , I happen to agree with Richard . This relationship with Isabelle is ill-advised at best . I thought referees didn 't take sides . If I were you , Shawn , I 'd take this opportunity to make a graceful exit . Think about what I said , Shawn . I 'm expecting you to do the right thing . ( serious theme playing ) ( door closes ) What 's for lunch ? ( laughs ) Prosciutto with figs . Rosemary chicken , couscous and raspberries . Wow . When Kyle and I used to go fishing we 'd take half a dozen peanut butter-and-jelly sandwiches , and think we were living like kings . Well , I like to think the reality I create is a little bit tastier than that . Ha , ha , ha . Good . Hey , we gotta get going . Hey , Kyle ! Come on , buddy ! ( claps ) Come on , Kyle . Let 's go . Come on- - ( mysterious theme playing ) It 's you . The girl on the road . That 's right . You remember . Maia . Maia . Have we met before ? Don 't be silly . No , no , I 'm sorry , I-I- - I don 't remember you . Sure you do . Think harder . Is that why you keep showing up ? 'Cause you want me to remember ? I 'm here , because you brought me here . ( gasps ) There has to be a reason why this girl keeps showing up . There was nothing familiar about her ? Nothing at all ? No . But she kept acting like we knew each other . And if she 's right- - If I did bring her there . - -then I must know her from somewhere . ( knocking on door ) Tom . Shouldn 't you be at work ? Jarvis said you called in sick . Well , I 'm allowed . Thanks for checking in on me . Diana , talk to me , will yo- - ? What the hell 's all this ? Just a project I 'm working on . I mentioned it to you . Who 's this supposed to be ? I wish I knew . I know this might sound creepy , but I was up all night last night cutting up pictures of little girls , and none of them seemed to be the right one . I mean , I think I 'm going crazy . Then we both are . You know those little dream vacations I take with Alana ? This little girl keeps showing up in them . This little blond girl . Says her name is Maia . Maia ? Oh , Tom . What ? You have to come with me . I have to show you something . ( mysterious theme playing ) Who is she , Tom ? Who is Maia ? I don 't know . No , I 've already checked . There 's no mention of someone named Maia in any of our case files . Okay , well , maybe we met her together someplace else ? Maybe at one of Garrity 's barbecues ? No , that does not feel right . I didn 't just meet this girl once at a barbecue . I know her better than that . All right , just calm down . Well , there 's a reason this girl is haunting us , Tom . Okay ? She 's out there somewhere , and she wants us to find her . Right now , the only place I know she exists is in one of these dream worlds Alana and I create . Well then , I need for Alana to take me there . I need to meet this girl . Talk to her . No , but you wouldn 't really be talking to her , Diana . You 'd just be talking to whatever your subconscious remembers of her . Well , maybe that would be enough for me figure out who she is . ( playing classical music ) ( stops playing ) How do I sound ? ( resumes playing ) Like you 've been playing for years . But I haven 't . It 's my first time . I kind of figured that . Isabelle , you have a minute ? Have a seat . ( sighs ) ( both sigh ) Isabelle , you know I 'm proud of you , don 't you ? This is about Shawn and I having sex , isn 't it ? T-That 's part of it , yeah . Yeah , but- - But only part of it . Right now , everything 's new to you . You 're learning so much , so fast . How to be a- - A daughter . A friend . A lover . That part you might be learning too fast . You don 't want me to get my feelings hurt . I would just like if you and Shawn slowed down . Stop sleeping together ? For the time being . There 's no reason to stop . Shawn cares about me . I care about Shawn . The sex is wonderful . ( groans ) It makes us both very happy . It should make you happy too . Maybe it should , but it doesn 't . I suppose that 's normal . But everything is gonna be okay . Shawn would never do anything to hurt me . He 's way too smart for that . Mwah . So you see ? You have nothing to worry about . I wonder if anyone at the Center has a cello . ( plays three notes ) So , what do I have to do ? The main thing is to relax . Oh , my God . Well , I usually close my eyes and count backwards from ten . Before I reach zero , we 're somewhere else . Do you have any idea where you want Alana to take you ? We usually have a destination picked out . Well , wherever Maia is . I mean , you can do that , can 't you ? You can take me to her ? She seems to show up anyplace we go . So it 's really up to you . Well , let 's just keep it simple . How about my apartment ? All right . Now , let 's begin . ( mysterious theme playing ) Alana- - Heh . This is- - I-It 's not my apartment . I know . I 'm not quite sure what just happened . ( lock turning in door ) You done talking to your friend ? You 're Maia . Stop fooling around . Come on . He 's waiting for us . There you are , Ms. Skouris . The documents are all ready . If you 'll just have a seat and sign where indicated , we can finish up . ( mellow theme playing ) You still wanna do this , don 't you ? Diana Skouris , your adoption of Maia Rutledge is hereby complete , legal and binding . So witnessed by me , Henry Biederman , of the 10th Circuit Family Court of Seattle . You know , some of us have to look far and wide to find the people we 'll call family . You two had to look clear across time . Diana , let me introduce you to your daughter Maia . Maia , say hello to Mommy . ( reflective theme playing ) Oh , my God , Maia . Oh , my God . Oh , my God . Diana , what happened ? She was kidnapped , Tom . She was taken by a woman pretending to be her sister . She took Maia , Tyler Downing , Lindsey Hammond , and a whole bunch of 4400 kids . Do you remember any of this ? No . No , I don 't . So this woman took these children , and somehow made everyone forget they ever existed ? Yes , but they existed . Maia Rutledge disappeared from Crescent City , California , March 3rd , 1946 . So wait , you 're saying she was abducted , then returned with the other 4400 , then taken again . And none of us remember this , but you . It 's like they 've wiped all our memories . But why ? Because they didn 't want us looking for them . The 4400 were taken and returned t-to change the future in some way . And maybe- - Maybe Maia and the others were taken so that they could change it again- - I don 't know and I don 't care . All I know is that four days ago she was here with me . But I- - I need you to believe that I have a daughter named Maia , and that she 's been taken from me . I don 't remember Maia , or the kidnapping , or any of it . And the idea that my memory 's been messed with scares the hell outta me . But after everything we 've been through with the 4400 , yes , Diana , I believe you . ( cell phone ringing ) Hello ? MAN ( over phone ) : Richard Tyler ? Yes , who 's this ? My name is Daniel Armand . You know who I am ? With the Nova Group ? I think it 's time you and I met , Richard . We have a lot to discuss . I have a lot I 'd like to say to you too , but I don 't think you 're gonna wanna hear it . Well , now you see , that 's the problem right there . We should be allies , not adversaries . My group and your organization have the same goals . We 're advocating for the rights of the 4400 . Except you advocate through assassination and intimidation . We lack the strength in numbers , Richard , so we use the tools at our disposal . Is that what you called me for ? To have a debate ? I called to arrange a truce , and to talk about Shawn Farrell . You gonna make more threats against him ? No , we need to discuss his future , Richard . Because unless you and I can come to some kind of agreement , I 'm not sure he 's gonna have one . ( phone hangs up ) He says I should meet him on the corner of Pike and Gorch Thursday at 4 : 00 . And then ? A car will be there to pick me up and take me someplace for a face to face with Armand . Sounds to me like the Nova Group 's been reading too much John le Carré . What did you say ? I told him I 'd think about it . What is there to think about ? You 're not going . Let 's not rush to judgment . I 've dealt with this guy before , remember ? He wants one thing . You know what it is : Money . And probably the names and addresses of every 4400 in our computer . If they have an ability that he can use , he will exploit it , and people will die . People have already died . Maybe I can stop him . What , are you gonna make him see the light ? No , but maybe I can stop him from killing you . How ? How ? By putting this place and everything that we 've worked for in jeopardy ? I won 't let you do that . Noble words , Shawn , but may I remind you : If the Nova Group wants to strike at you , I don 't think there 's any way we can prevent it . Thank you for the pep talk , Matthew . I 'm just being realistic . RICHARD : So am I. If I don 't show , it 's a declaration of war . And we all know who the first casualty will be . You and Jordan Collier built this place . You 're its heart and soul . Then listen to me , Richard . I tried to deal with these people before . It was a disaster . I 'm warning you . I 'm asking you . Please do not make the same mistake . Please . ( ominous theme playing ) JARVIS : Skouris , I have a list right here of every 4400 who returned that night to Highland Beach . There 's no Maia Rutledge . There 's no Tyler Downing . There 's no Lindsey Hammond . I 've explained that : They 've been erased . From the records . From our memories . Someone has tried to wipe out every trace of them . We talked to the families . In the last week , all of them have been haunted by phantom memories of children they supposedly lost years ago . Okay , let 's say for a minute that I am buying any of this , and I 'm not , but if I did , we don 't even know where they were taken . The future ? That 's kinda out of our jurisdiction . I 've seen Maia . I 've spoken to her . We both have . Look , you 're asking me to commit manpower and resources to find a little girl that only exists in some shared fantasyland you guys play around in . Look , I 'm sorry , but I can 't do it . MARCO : Uh , you guys through ? 'Cause I think I found your kids . ( dramatic theme playing ) MARCO : Uh , here we go . Watch this . That 's him . Th-that 's Tyler . It 's dated September 19th , 1893 . They sent him back further into the past . Why ? MARCO : Well , that I can 't tell you . But Tyler Downing did graduate first in his class from Yale University in Engineering . Yeah . I knew I 'd heard the name before . In 1915 , he helped develop synthetic petroleum . You drove to work this morning 'cause of this guy . Uh , Lindsey Hammond . June 11th , 1918 . This is from the estate of Robert Goddard . You know , the , uh , rocket guy . He adopted an orphan named Lindsey Hammond . She lived with the family , eventually worked in his lab . And she invented all the composite materials used in the first lunar colonies . Okay , so , what about Maia ? Did you find any photos of her ? Uh , no , she- - She was a little harder to track down . But , uh ... I finally found something . DIANE : That 's Maia 's handwriting . It 's a diary from Maia Rutledge dated April 19th through September 2nd , 1847 . It was written while she was part of a wagon train making its way along the Oregon Trail . I 'm sorry . She crossed the Rockies in a covered wagon ? Uh ... No . She died of smallpox in October of ' 47 . She was 25 . ( somber theme playing ) ISABELLE : No . I 'm sorry , Shawn . It 's not my father 's decision . It 's mine , and I 'm not breaking up with you . It 's got nothing to do with your dad . Not really . You and I made some decisions . We did some things . We did what we wanted to do . And there 's no reason we can 't keep doing that . We 'll be more careful . My father won 't know it . That 's not gonna work . Not anymore . Lying to him , going behind his back ? We 've done enough of that . The truth is , Isabelle , I kind of took advantage of you . And I 'm really sorry . You are so sweet the way you worry about me . Mmmwah . ( sighs ) I don 't want this relationship to end . So it 's not going to . ( ominous theme playing ) ( thunder rumbles ) ( knocking on door ) I need to see her . Please , can you take me to see my daughter ? Diana , you know it 's not really Maia you 'd be seeing . Oh , I don 't care . Today I found out that my daughter , who I loved , was sent back into the past and died 150 years ago . I 'm sorry , but that 's gonna take me a while to come to terms with . I just ... Please let me do this . I need to say goodbye . Give me your coat . I 'll put some coffee on . ( gasps ) Ready ? MAIA : Mommy ? Mommy , I 'm starving . Can we have pancakes ? I 'll help make them . Okay . Well , I 'll need the eggs from the fridge . And bring me the big plastic bowl . ( thunder rumbles ) Oh , my God . Alana . Alana . Alana ! Honey , my God , you 're bleeding . You okay ? I- - I th- - I think so . Diana . Diana , can you hear me ? Diana , look at me . What the hell happened ? I thought I was bringing us out . Well , why isn 't she awake ? I couldn 't hold onto her . It 's as if she pulled away . Thomas , I think she 's still inside the dream world . Wait , how can she be in there without you ? I 'm not sure . When you and I separate , we- - We let go of the illusion . But she 's not letting go . Wha- - ? She- - ? She 's not coming out ? I think she 's happy there with her daughter , and she has no intention of ever leaving . Oh , come on . ( dramatic theme playing ) DOCTOR : At first , I thought she 'd suffered some kind of intracerebral hemorrhage . But the MRI didn 't show any bleeding in the brain . So she hasn 't suffered any damage ? Not yet , but the EEG was very troubling . Her brain activity is far above normal and continues to accelerate . The same is true for her heart rate , her breathing , her blood pressure . They 're- - They 're all redlining , if you will . Any idea what 's causing it ? I really can 't say at the moment . Her metabolic rate can 't stay at this level for very long . Eventually her organs will fail . What , she could die ? Unless we can slow down her rates , we 're looking at a very poor outcome . Does she have any family ? ( sighs ) Yeah . You should call them . ( melancholy theme playing ) I need to talk to her , Alana . Can you do that ? Take me to see Diana . ( suspenseful theme playing ) Push me a little , Mommy . Okay , I 'm pushing you . Then make it higher . Look , not too high . But that 's the whole fun . She has a point . I thought I 'd be seeing you two . I didn 't hurt you , did I ? It felt a little jarring when you left . No , I 'm fine . You , on the other hand , are not . Well , that 's where you 're wrong , 'cause I feel great . You 're in an ICU , Diana . I thought I might end up there . What 's my heart rate ? Is it 170 ? 175 ? Higher . That still probably gives me , what , anywhere from ... three weeks to two months ? That could be forever in here . You 're talking about suicide . I appreciate your concern , Tom . I do . But really , I 'd like you to leave now . Both of you . Listen , Diana , believe- - Don 't walk away . The first time I came to these places , I never wanted to leave . But I came to realize , this is not the world . None of this is real . Including ... Maia . Mommy , push me a little harder . She 's real enough for me . Oh , she 's not coming back , is she ? She 's going to die in there . That seems to be her plan . ( both sigh ) I can 't help but think this is my fault . I took her there . No , don 't do that to yourself . You didn 't take Maia away . The people who did that , they 're to blame . Maybe . But these people in the future ? They don 't seem to care who they hurt , do they ? No , they don 't . ( elevator dings ) I 'm sorry . Four o 'clock is fast approaching . Have you come to a decision ? Do I wanna get in bed with a terrorist , or go to war with one ? That does appear to be the question . Whatever you decide , you can count on my support . Isabelle ? Isabelle ? My relationship with Shawn has nothing to do with you . That 's not true . I just care about what happens to you . You can care about me all you want , just stay out of my business . I 'm not gonna do that . Yes , you are . ( inhales ) ( gasps ) ( choking ) Isabelle ... ? ( ominous theme playing ) ( gasping , retching ) Daddy ? ( gasps then pants ) Daddy ? I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . ( indistinct whispering ) MATTHEW : Okay , move on . It 's all right , baby . ( chattering ) ( breathing heavily ) ( beeping ) I don 't know if you can hear me , but I 've been thinking . Ever since the 4400 came back , it 's been one sacrifice after another . You . Your daughter . My son . It has to stop . So I have a plan . I 'm not sure it 's gonna work . It might be the stupidest thing I 've ever done . I kinda wish you were here to stop me . But you 're not , and I have to try something . Maybe this is goodbye . Maybe it isn 't . The job wouldn 't have been any fun without you . ( ominous theme playing ) Oof . ( exhales ) ( grunts ) ( sighs ) Okay , okay . Okay . This is gonna work , right ? Okay . ( sighs ) It worked , right ? I 'm- - I 'm not dead . SARA : Not this time , no . Next time , you might not be so fortunate . The children you took . Maia and the others . I want them back . You were never meant to remember them . We went to great lengths to erase them from your memory to spare you any pain . It didn 't work . It appears we underestimated the bonds they had forged . It 's called " family . " Are you familiar with the concept ? You had no right to take them , and treat people like that . Maia was only 25 when she died . Now , either return the children , or put that rope back around my neck . 'Cause I 'm done . In that case , I need to show you something . ( dramatic theme playing ) They 're alive . You forced us to go back , extract them from the timeline . But returning them to you would be a mistake . For our time , and for yours . The 4400 were an experiment we always knew might fail . There were so many variables . It was impossible to predict them all . So you 're telling me everything you 've done- - Taking the 4400 , sending them back . - -it hasn 't changed anything ? The catastrophe 's still coming ? Our enemies are more resourceful than we imagined . TOM : Enemies ? There are those among us who would prefer history to remain unchanged . That the 4400 fail in their mission . You mean they want humanity to die out ? They are convinced that they will survive . Not only survive , but benefit from the chaos . If you think we are heartless , I assure you that the other side is unimaginably more brutal . And they 've let loose a terrible evil into your time . Sending these children further back into the timeline was an attempt to combat that evil . If we return them to you , all the good that they have done in the past will be negated . The 4400 and everything that they were meant to achieve will be in jeopardy . This evil , there has to be some other way to deal with it . There is . You . You are the other way . It 's a burden that we had hoped not to place on you . If you return Maia and the others , I 'll do whatever you want . What we want , you may not be willing to give . Do we have a deal or not ? We do . But it 's a deal I 'm afraid you 'll come to regret . ( gasps ) ( dramatic theme playing ) Hello ? Hello ? Is there anyone here ? Maia ? Tom . Maia . Maia . It 's okay . He works with my Mom . DUNCAN : We were kidnapped ! Where 's Sara ? Did you catch her ? TYLER : Can we go home now ? Yes . Yes , you guys . MAIA : Where 's my Mom ? You 're all going home . It 's over . You 're all safe now . Is my Mom here ? She 's not here , but I 'll take you to her , okay ? ( suspenseful theme playing ) ( cell phone ringing ) DANIEL : Hello . Has he arrived yet ? Then he 's made my choice for me . ( exhales ) ( indistinct whispering ) ( ominous theme playing ) Where are you hiding ? Come on ! VOICE : He knows it . He knows it . I know you 're watching me . I know you 're listening . ( voices speaking indistinctly ) Where are you ? I found you . I found your bug . I found your stupid little bug . VOICE : No , no . What are you doing ? Ow , what are you doing ? Help , help . Okay , sweetie , lights out . But it 's still early . It 's 9 : 30 , and it 's time for bed . Okay , but first I need you to do something for me . Maia , no stalling . Mommy , please . It won 't take long . All you have to do is shut your eyes . All right . Okay . Well , they 're shut . Now what ? Maia ? I 'm here , Mommy . You can open your eyes now . Mommy ? Wake up . It 's okay . I 'm back . Everything 's fine . But you have to wake up . Mommy , please . Wake up . Please . Maia ? Maia ? ( somber theme playing ) ( spooky theme playing )
