 SILAS : Previously on Kings ... If you can fix it , you deserve it . Minds are gathering . We 'd Iike you to join us . And if those signs guide me to your door ? It will be open . Oh , my God . You love Thomasina . Oh , I 'm so screwed . And I should tell your father about us now . You can 't . What is your deepest secret ? I could keep nothing from my King . I have been lying to you . You can 't produce an heir . So , what ? You could still take pride of place . SILAS : I will stand before all and designate this country a blood dynasty , with you as my heir , the future King . Silas falls , and soon . And be sure , there will be all the blood required . Do it . KING 'S OWN : David Shepherd , you 're under arrest . On what charge ? Treason . Extra butter for Jack , none for Michelle . But you Iike your eggs over-buttered and underdone . Thank you . Oh , the secret of cooking is all in the shopping . Going to the market , finding the best produce , fighting over the best bread , bringing all the ingredients together , that 's the hard work . Cooking is just the correct application of heat . Mmm , breakfast . I 've missed this . You used to cook all the time , what happened to that ? Things changed . Things need to change back . I 'II let you two capable men sort through things . Together mountains can move . My boys . There will be a trial . You will be asked to recall your time with Shepherd . I 'm not sure how I 'II remember it . You choose how you remember it . I find him interesting . His devotion to you , to doing the right thing , even when he has no idea what that is . You 're my heir . You have something to lose in his success . Not much success in an execution . You 've seen the way the people look at him . We have to slit the throat on the legend . And that falls to me ? AII the ingredients are there . AII that 's required is the correct application of heat . ( PRISONERS SHOUTING ) WILLIAM : How did he seem , our King ? Focused , concerned . He wants me to back whatever lies he trumps up against David . You came to me first . Nice to see your loyalty without having to ask for it . I understand my commitments . And all on account of Shepherd . My father fears what he 'II become . He wants to destroy the crop before it takes root . He 's doing our work for us . Putting a hero on trial will only turn public opinion further against him . With that , and the handover of Port Prosperity , by the time we make our move , the country 'II be glad to be rid of him . And all will be yours , from one sea to the other . Impress your father on this one . Do what he asks . This trial 's going to bury Shepherd . ( REPORTERS CLAMORING ) FEMALE REPORTER 1 : David Shepherd , are you innocent ? MALE REPORTER 1 : Are you guilty ? MALE REPORTER 2 : What are the charges ? FEMALE REPORTER 2 : Can you give us a statement ? HANSON : This is a preliminary hearing to consider charges of treason against Captain David Shepherd . T ake those chains off him . I remind Chancellor Hanson and all present , these are supposed charges . The burden of proof will lie heavy on those that bring this accusation . Sir . Major Benjamin , you accuse Captain David Shepherd , my advisor and a hero of this nation . JACK : I do , sir . As a ranking military officer and the Minister of Information , I have been presented with evidence too compelling to ignore . That Captain David Shepherd has been and would , if truth was not uncovered , remain a spy for Gath . ( PEOPLE MURMURING ) That 's not true . I have evidence of meetings , payments , names , photographs , firsthand testimony of a recently arrested member of the Sons of Moab , Gath hardliners dedicated to war with Gilboa . We have to accept that everything we thought we knew about David Shepherd is a lie . His every act of heroism only stagecraft . Under Crown law , I ask Captain Shepherd face charges of high treason and conspiracy to commit espionage . ( PEOPLE MURMURING ) Charges which , when proven true , will be punishable by death . MALE ANNOUNCER : Shock waves ripple through the nation as King Silas orders David Shepherd to stand trial for espionage . FEMALE ANNOUNCER : In the words of Major Jack Benjamin , " Everything we thought we knew about David Shepherd is a lie . " ( CROWD PROTESTING ) A minute , please . Prison transport 's pulling up . A minute . I 'm here for you , David , always . I 'II do everything I can . Even when your brother thinks I 'm the enemy ? I can 't let this drag you down , too . You should have thought of that before you asked me to dance . I Iove you . Say it again . GUARD : Captain . You 're actually going to try him ? We 're all servants of the Iaw . The accusations are ludicrous . How can you let Jack attack him ? Jack acts in accordance with job and conscience . He 's no happier about this than I am . ( SIGHING ) Are you gonna make yourself sick over this ? If you want to help David , stay away from him during the trial . We don 't want accusations of false favor when he 's acquitted , do we ? Too much at stake . HANSON : Call to order . Crown of Gilboa , Gilboan Military vs. Captain David Shepherd . Captain David Shepherd . We all heard the stories . He took down a Goliath , brought us peace , saved the nation , saved me . We all wanted to believe in him . Makes us feel good about ourselves to imagine someone like that is real . But can anyone ever be this good ? No . There was an agenda at play . To charm his way to the King 's side with heroics which are nothing short of myth . Like his brother , who was convicted for insurrection , he wanted to destroy our government and betray us to the enemy . Captain Shepherd , you may make your opening statements , or as your attorney for the court , Colonel Felker . Defense is ready . My allegiance is now , as it has always been , to this country and its King . I welcome any suggestion to the contrary . WILLIAM : A determined King , always a measure of weakness to show strength upon the feeble . Shepherd is hardly feeble . He will be by trial 's end . Some time ago , I made you an offer , an offer you refused . This is not a discussion for here . The way he watches me , this is the safest place of all . What you intend will fracture this country . No more so than Silas will when he hands over our land to the enemy . Seeing it done , I don 't think I wanna take part in treachery . There 's no place in war for a soft stomach . We need your support . And David . Hmm . A place can be found . If he survives . JACK : The Crown calls its first witness , Colonel Matthew Shore , senior officer of the Sons of Moab . Can you tell us the purpose of your organization ? Keep our countries at war until your country is no more . We believe that Premiere Shaw never should have signed the peace with your country . And Captain David Shepherd , when was he recruited to help your cause ? He approached us about six months ago . Said he was losing faith with his country , didn 't want to fight the war anymore . He 'd lost his father , blamed Silas for everything . JACK : The defendant is a Iow-ranking soldier . How could he help Gath ? MATTHEW : We came up with a plan . A way for him to infiltrate the royal family . We gave him intel on the 1 27th . My unit , ambushed by Gath forces . We gave Shepherd your whereabouts , guaranteed his safety . So when David Shepherd crossed enemy lines to rescue me ... It was a setup . He became an instant hero , but it was all staged . Including the attack on the Goliath tank . ( PEOPLE MURMURING ) It was blown up by remote . An operative named Lawrence Hannon did the real work there . Shepherd just posed for the photo . Where 's proof of any of this ? So far , this is just one man 's word against another . ( GAVEL BANGING ) ( MURMURING CONTINUES ) ( SIGHING ) Miss , are you all right ? I 'm just feeling a Iittle dizzy . We 've had conversations . Many . So you could tell the room how I Iike my coffee , how I sit in a meeting , some detail about me ? I didn 't say our relationship was personal . Professional , then . What gun do I carry ? What 's my code name ? What proof do you have ? Anything that proves that you and I were ever in the same room together . AII we have is the word of a prisoner looking to exchange false information for comforts . Sir , the prosecution has evidence . At this time , we 'd Iike to introduce surveillance footage acquired by the Ministry of Intelligence in conjunction with this investigation . clear evidence of Captain Shepherd meeting Colonel Shore in Acadia two months ago . ( PEOPLE MURMURING ) This isn 't me . Sir , that 's not me . This isn 't real . This was set up . Sir , that 's not me , you have to believe me . Belief may be enough in the house of God . This court needs proof . ( PEOPLE MURMURING ) I serve the King , that is all I 'm guilty of . I serve the King , that is all I 'm guilty of . The court will adjourn for the day . please take the prisoner back to his cell . I serve the King , that is all I 'm guilty of ! I serve the King , that is all I 'm guilty of ! I serve the King , that is all I 'm guilty of ! I serve the King ! ( MURMURING CONTINUES ) I serve the King ! You really think David 's a spy ? Me , I don 't know what to believe anymore , but he 's so nice . Maybe no one 's really that nice . Here she comes , be cool . Your eyes follow me . No , ma 'am . Are you lying ? Yes , ma 'am . You are a guard at the Royal Gate . Serious things are happening in this country . Stop it . I 'm sorry , ma 'am , I can 't . Why not ? It 's love , ma 'am . I 'II stay out of your way . ( PRISONERS CLAMORING ) Your outburst in court , I don 't think it 'II help your case . My case is that I 'm innocent . You called me " son " once . I 've only ever acted to earn that name . I recall learning of a relationship later than I was due . That is my only sin to account for . That was against you as a father to Michelle , not to the State . You betrayed my trust once . It left a mark . If there 's anything else that you have done to hurt this country or me , deliberately or not , now is the time to tell me . I swear if I had , I would confess my guilt , give myself up to your mercy . Yeah . Yeah , I believe you would . HANSON : Defense calls a character witness , PFC Sean Savoy . We 've known each other since Basic , about two years . We fought together every day till he had to be a hero and got brought to Shiloh . We swore the Oath of Enlistment together , didn 't we ? Swore to give our lives to protect this country . You were standing right next to me . And during our service together , did you ever have reason to suspect I might be working as a spy for the enemy ? Never . You 've always been a good friend . Saved my ass plenty of times . You were in something bad , you always wanted David with you . He 's like a lucky charm out there . You were with me , at the front , the night I rescued Major Jack Benjamin . SEAN : Yes . And you were watching with the rest of our unit when I brought Major Benjamin back from captivity ? You saw me cross the Goliath line ? You borrowed my wrench . I took the picture of you facing that tank . I got an award for it from The Guardian . You saw me fire the rocket that destroyed the Goliath . Everybody saw it . SILAS : Did you ? That was the question . ( PEOPLE MURMURING ) Well , he was out past the neutral zone so ... I saw a grenade flash , then David taking cover , then the rocket that took it out . But you didn 't actually witness Captain Shepherd fire that rocket ? It came from his direction . Private Savoy , did you see anyone else out there in Gath territory ? No . As a lookout for the squadron , would you have ? Absolutely . In training , we were taught the simplest explanation ... Is always the truest . No further questions . DOCTOR : What exactly happened in court ? Suddenly Iightheaded and tired , as if the day just got twice as long . And then this , from a light bump against a dresser drawer . You 've been in remission for years . Not everything means your cancer 's back . The first time I felt like this was when they did an immediate round of radiation . You know what that did to me . I know what it feel like , I know what comes next . Just run some tests , check my ESR ... We 'II run a blood panel , see what comes back , meantime , don 't assume the worst . Must 've made the guys proud when David blew up the tank . Became a hero . The only good day of the war . JACK : A real test of bravery . He 's braver than most . Braver , smarter , stronger . He saved my Iife once . ( CHUCKLES ) Twice . Brokered peace with Gath single-handedly , worked his way to royal table , even recovered the charter of Gilboa . Ever wonder how he always seems to be at the perfect place and time ? He just knows stuff . " He just knows stuff " ? Mmm-hmm . Like when he and I were on a mission to Gath , my entire unit died , yet David was miraculously left unharmed . Lucky charm again ? Did you ever hear jokes in the trenches about it ? How impossible his luck was , that he knew the enemy 's movements so well , he could 've been a spy ? Well , yeah . But we were kidding . always ? Did it ever occur to you , even once , that it could actually be possible ? After all , what 's more likely ? That David Shepherd was somehow magically endowed , or that he 's just like us , an ordinary soldier stuck in a war with no end , so he tried to end it as best as he could . By selling himself to the enemy . ( PEOPLE MURMURING ) What would be the simplest explanation ? That he worked with the enemy . ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) ( REPORTERS CLAMORING ) ( PEOPLE PROTESTING ) How could you do this to us ? We believed in you ! We believed in you ! Turns out you have the right teeth for flesh . Shame they have to shut the whole place down just so I can go shopping . Just not the same without having somebody before you trying to grab the good honeydew . Oh , I know . I should have better things to do . Just hiding in old habits after the day 's ugliness . There 's no pleasure in being told your favorite is your enemy . Tomato . Still quietly a nightshade . He 's not your enemy , Silas , you know that . You a have a chance to end this now , make it right . Whatever your visions ... He is only becoming what he is meant to be , what God intends for this nation . Well , then he didn 't tell me . Change is coming , Silas . You were supposed to foster it , to nurture it , to see the future improve upon the past . Now you can still have your part , but don 't . Oh , so that 's it ? Change from arcana to tricks ? Don 't give God reason to tear from you this Kingdom . I 've known you to be a man to make mistakes in the name of vanity , but never a villain . There was a time , once , not far from memory , when you lost what was most dear to you . And you asked me that those responsible for the death of your wife not be just punished , not be just killed , but that all memory of their existence on Earth be swept clean . And you asked not with the countenance of God , nor magic hands , just as a broken man seeking revenge . I , your friend , did that for you , and you thanked him for it . So who are you now to ask that friend not to exact revenge on those that would take from him ? Be the Iamb or be the knife . Try to be both , you 'II end up slaughtering yourself . I actually let myself dream of a life with you . I thought what if all we had was just the beginning . ( SIGHING ) We 'II never have nights like that again . David , that 's it . The meetings ... They fabricated the video , putting you and Shore together . No one knew about us . Look at the time stamp at the bottom . It 's two months ago , the 8th . 10 : 30 , that was the night of the blackout . They picked that night thinking that you couldn 't prove you were anywhere else . I was with you . I 'm your proof . No , if you take the stand , they 'II see you as a traitor , too . I don 't matter anymore . They 'II see that their evidence was tampered with , their witness corrupt . My father will have to rule you innocent . Yeah , unless he doesn 't want to . Of course he wants to . You 're his advisor , his friend . That was before he knew about us . You think he 'd try you for treason because his daughter fell in love with you ? I think maybe he was afraid his country would . You know , one of the things that I 've always loved about you is how much you believe . I will take the stand , I will defend you , and my father will be glad . If you believe in me , believe in him . Puppy . Went to bed , started dreaming of a steak , woke up famished . Hey , I could throw one on for you . I 'm not hungry . I told you not to see him . I just wanted David to know he still has our support . Well , he doesn 't . I 'm just trying to protect you from what could happen to him . We have evidence that the case against him is a lie . If I take the stand , I can provide an alibi that proves his innocence . I will not have brother cross-examine sister , tear her apart , destroy her credibility . Because I will . You 're still playing David 's savior . SILAS : Let him go . I don 't care what anyone thinks of me so long as they know David is innocent . Damn it , Michelle . We 're trying to make this easy for you . I 'm going to help him . Don 't you dare . I have to . Everyone for David is against me . Now stay out of this , or by God , I 'II count you amongst them . You want him dead . He 's guilty . I 'II have every shred of his existence wiped from this Earth . It 'II be against the Iaw ever to speak his name . This is who you 're listening to . DAVID : Hey , hey ! Hey , what are you doing ? ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) Hello , David . I don 't understand . It 's all been arranged . A plane is waiting . We have friends in other countries , until it 's safe for you . You want me to run ? Only if you want to live . Your death is a foregone conclusion . Silas is only waiting to sell the Iast few believers on his version of your truth . Which is why we must protect you , David . Silas won 't be around for long . We need to keep you safe , so he doesn 't kill you first . Why are you so sure he won 't be around for long ? Problem with great men is they don 't always die at their best . Some live to make mistakes which outlive their accomplishments . Come on , David . No . If I go with you , everything Silas says about me is true . You 're worried about his good opinion of you ? I 'm worried about my own . I 'm no traitor . You 'd rather die than be misperceived ? Careful , David . You never wanna be too good . You heard him . Rush the man back to his execution . David ... You of all . If I do die , it shouldn 't be while wearing this . ( ENGINE STARTING ) MAN : Okay , back to the car . Look who 's coming . ( PRISONERS CATCALLING ) You demanded my presence . Fine . Begging gets redundant after the first snot bubble , so let 's try to do this quick . There 's a plot against your father . I think they mean to kill him , replace him as King . You called me here to make up some stories about what , some coup ? You think that 's going to save you ? You should have stuck to begging . It has more dignity . It 's your uncle and Reverend Samuels . The Reverend , really ? And what do they want from you ? You wanna be their King ? If I did , easier for you to attack me when you know I 've done no wrong . You need to warn Silas . You sit here in a cell , thinking your voice will save a man who 's gonna let you hang ? You think you 're that good ? He won 't listen to me , but he 'II listen to you . He 's not your father , he 's mine . He 's still my King . Even now ? I 'm just doing what you 'd do , Jack . You should be careful , too . Thanks for coming in . I thought you 'd wanna know right away . ( SIGHING ) The trial 's not over yet , hmm ? But you 'II probably cry then , too . I 'm pregnant . But ... ( STAMMERING ) You can 't be . Are you sure ? The doctor said it was impossible . David 's child . Oh , God ... Does he know ? I 'm afraid of my own father . Your father must never know . You 'II help me ? ( EXCLAIMS SOFTLY ) This ... This is a blessing . This is our family 's future . This Kingdom 's future . But you must have nothing to do with David ever again . I can 't . He needs me . No , it doesn 't matter . You 're scared of your father . You should be . He has eyes for David 's blood . And that blood now pumps through your veins . He will see David dead , and all his kind . If he knew , he would never let that child live . You 've been given this . Nothing else matters . You 'II listen to me . You understand now . You feel it . A mother will do anything to protect her own . As I will protect you . Colonel Shore is grateful for his immunity , looking forward to a quiet and comfortable life on the eastern coast . If there 's a number that made him lie , there 's a number that will make him tell the truth . See to it there 's no more talking . Are you sure that 's necessary ? We spoke some time ago of promotion . I recall . Since then , there 's been an increase in responsibility which you have handled with your usual grace . Thank you , sir . I need someone by my side that I can trust at all times and in all things . You 've always taken care of the family . You said it was your highest aspiration . It was and it is . That 's all I ask now , to take care of the family . Just at a higher order . With that in mind ... My defense lacks the craft and sophistication of the court 's evidence . But it can prove it false . I have only ever tried to embody what is good about this nation . My family has sacrificed life and life again to keep alive the idea of a home as spoken by our King . I am a faithful servant to this country , this court , this man . The prosecution attempted to show that I met with a Gath spy . I bring firsthand testimony to prove their evidence forged . Court calls Miss Michelle Benjamin . Michelle Benjamin ? ( PEOPLE MURMURING ) We 're still waiting , Captain . I have no witness . ( PEOPLE MURMURING ) Chancellor . I need a few moments with the defendant alone . HANSON : AII rise . Trial will reconvene at such time to be determined . Betrayal has its own particular sting . Unfortunately , one gets accustomed . I have not betrayed you . Though I 've been given the opportunity . There are those who work against you . Oh , I know full well the dealings of William Cross . There 's nothing whispered in this Kingdom I 'm not privy to . There are many traitors , and though you 're not complicit in their dark work , you 're not innocent . Even my daughter 's lost faith in David Shepherd . I am innocent . Are you ? I am . Even if you are , of the charges brought against you , hasn 't the effect of you been the same ? King . AII these years , authority unquestioned . You think it 's a coincidence they conspire against me now ? A monarchy stands on a belief in the singularity of its sovereign , all vectors pointed here . And then along came you . Oh , and they looked at you , and they thought how they might improve upon me . Replaceable . You thought to inspire , but you inspired treason . ( STAMMERING ) I only ever meant to serve you . I never meant to hurt you . No , I know that . But don 't you see now that you have ? You 've weakened the country . What can I do ? You swore that if you ever hurt me or this country , you 'd admit guilt and fall upon my mercy , did you not ? I did . Then keep your word . ( CLOCK CHIMING ) ( GUN FIRING ) I wasn 't staring , ma 'am . You think I 'm beautiful ? You think I 'm good ? I do . No matter what I do ? It 's love , ma 'am . Thomasina . MICHELLE : David , I 'm sorry . Captain David Shepherd . You have stood before this court protesting your innocence . Now , having heard the weight of evidence against you , and knowing the penalty of guilt , how do you plead ? Guilty . ( PEOPLE EXCLAIMING ) I stand before you prepared to elaborate on my crime . Stop talking , David . You 're out of order , Major . I 'm guilty . JACK : No , he 's not . The prosecution will stand down . I can 't go along with this anymore . This was all a setup . David Shepherd was framed . He 's not a traitor . I am , Silas is . Silence . There 's been silence for too long . I am guilty . But not more so than my father , who colluded to have David found a traitor , when he is anything but . Shut up ! King Silas framed this entire case . Coerced witnesses , faked evidence , convinced me to lie against David . But I see now that David is a better man than the rest of us . Innocent , deserving respect . What do you know about respect ? You never had it , you never did ... He 's innocent , it 's over . He 's admitted guilt ! You 're no King . And you 're no Prince , you faggot ! ( PEOPLE EXCLAIMING ) Guards , arrest Major Benjamin now ! David Shepherd , you are guilty of treason . Take him away . Take him away ! You lied to everyone . You 're a traitor . You 're both traitors . You 're all traitors ! ( SIRENS BLARING ) PROTESTORS : ( CHANTING ) Down with Silas ! Down with Silas ! ( PROTESTERS CLAMORING ) Stop where you are . So this is it ? Not even a trial ? We have their allegiance now . The King 's own guardsmen follow you , as do all Silas ' generals . I couldn 't watch him do that to David . I 'm sorry . Don 't be . You were perfect . After seeing what Silas really is , they 'II be begging for his replacement . Only one thing changes . What ? No more waiting . We act now . Sir . ( GUN COCKING ) And the country will have its new King .
