 ( 4400-S3E06-The Home Front ) ( dramatic theme playing ) JORDAN : We 're not a threat . We 're salvation . The world will have to deal with us . NARRATOR : Previously on The 4400 : ALANA : I 've been offered a job , uh , working with the children at the school . I blew the surprise , didn 't I ? NIKKI : I just wanna make one thing clear . Me breaking up with Danny has nothing to do with you . Okay . What are you doing here ? I 'm the guy who killed you . ( monitor beeping ) Is this list complete , huh ? 'Cause I 'm just wondering how many 4400s you did kill . What 's up ? Who are these guys ? NINA : They 've been brought in to expedite the interrogation . DENNIS : I know you find this hard to believe , Tom , but we are on the same side . DANIEL : One of our members has been compromised . I have to assume he 's gonna give up my name . RICHARD : You know where Armand is , we 'll tell NTAC . They 'll take care of it . SHAWN : Daniel Armand 's inside . He 's all yours . TOM : This is it . The last member of the Nova Group . DIANA : It 's the last one we know about , anyway . If this tip is good and we bring in Gary Navarro , this could pretty much be the end for the Nova Group . TOM : The tip is good . ( phone ringing ) All right , here they are . Let 's go . ( tense theme playing ) MAN : Move . Move . Gary ! It 's over ! MAN : Go . Go . TOM : Downstairs . MAN 2 : Room searched . You two , that way . MAN 3 : Got it . MAN 4 : Clear . MAN 5 : Check over here . MAN 2 : Clear , sir . There 's nobody here . Looks like he just left . TOM : In the middle of making lunch ? He must have known we were coming . Someone must have tipped him off . Ah . Isabelle . Ah ! Uh , Isabelle , you 're not hearing me . Sure , I did . You said you don 't wanna be with me anymore . I just don 't see why . The Nova Group 's gone . My dad knows about us now . There 's nothing to stop us from being together . Yes , there is . It , uh- - Me . Uh ... This is because of what happened to Matthew , right ? You think I killed him . And the people from the Nova Group too . I wasn 't in my right mind , Isabelle , so I don 't know what happened . Well , then I 'll tell you . Matthew had a stroke , some terrorists died , and you got better . What 's to question ? I just think that you and I got a little too intense , too fast . See , I thought that was the best part . Sorry for the interruption . Ahem . Shawn , there 's someone here to see you . She 's a friend of yours . She says it 's important . ( dramatic theme playing ) Nikki . Oh , my God . Hi . What are you doing here ? It- - It 's been a long time , Shawn . Yeah . Hi . Hi . I should have called first . No . Of- - No , it 's fine . You look great . How have you been ? Good . Good . Um , school 's kind of fun . It 's just , um ... my father . He 's been sick . Oh , your dad ? I 'm sorry to hear that . It 's cancer . It 's in his pancreas . There 's nothing they can do . Shawn ? Is everything okay ? Yeah , um ... I just need to deal with this thing now . So we 'll talk later , okay ? Okay . ALANA : So , Amy , you used to call your grandmother Mimi ? Yes . I 'd go stay with her for two weeks every year . But when I came back with all the other 4400s , my mom told me she was gone . Alana Mareva ? We 're from the National Security Agency . You need to come with us . What is this about ? The Pentagon has commissioned a study on the membership and the origins of the Nova Group . We 've been authorized to interview all persons of interest . And why would I be a person of interest ? Ma 'am , we have a list . Your name is on it . Let 's not make a scene in front of the child . ( suspenseful theme playing ) How did my name get on the list ? What am I being accused of ? We have evidence that suggests you 're a member of the Nova Group . ( Amanda Abizaid 's " A Place In Time " playing ) ¶ La , la , la , la ¶ ¶ La , la ¶ ¶ La , la ¶ ¶ So long ago ¶ ¶ Another life ¶ ¶ I can feel your heart beat ¶ ¶ It 's not a dream ¶ ¶ Remember us ¶ ¶ I can see it in your eyes ¶ ¶ We 'll find Our place in time ¶ ¶ A place in time ¶ ¶ Beyond the sun ¶ ¶ We 'll find Our place in time ¶ ¶ A place in time To call our own ¶ ¶ La , la ¶ ¶ La , la , la , la ¶ ¶ La , la ¶ ¶ La , la , la , la ¶ ( dramatic theme playing ) ALANA : I wrote a check . My friend , Ryan , at the Center , came up to me one day about six weeks ago . He said he couldn 't pay his power bill . They were gonna shut it off if he didn 't come up with the money . It was a small loan , $ 165 . No big deal , right ? Ryan Freel ? We picked him up three days ago . He 's one of the names Daniel Armand gave us . So they were right . He was in Nova . They say they can hold me for providing financial support to terrorists . It was just a loan , Thomas . How long are they gonna keep me here ? They can hold you for questioning , without any charge , for 36 hours . But it 's not gonna come to that . This is harassment . It 's not gonna continue . I 'm gonna talk to Ryan Freel . I 'll get him to admit that this is just a casual thing . That it had nothing to do with Nova . Alana , I promise this is all gonna be over soon , just- - ( door slams shut ) Just sit tight , okay ? I love you . ( dramatic theme playing ) NINA : I know it 's frustrating , but there 's nothing we can do . Nina , it 's harassment , pure and simple . Yeah , I know it is . And I don 't like it either . But the Nova Group made a lot of people nervous . Now that it 's broken , the military wanna make sure that it 's dead and gone . Yeah , we all do . It 's still no excuse to hold an innocent woman based on absolutely nothing . Well , I agree . But the Pentagon went around us on this one . They went private . They hired Haspel Corporation to conduct the study . DIANA : The Haspel Corp. They do a lot of defense contracting . Yeah , well , right now , they 're focusing on this Nova report . NSA even loaned them agents to do field work . Now some conglomerate has the right to arrest and detain people ? Where 's the oversight ? There isn 't a lot . Look , this whole thing runs on the discretion of the executive in charge of the study . So who 's this executive ? I appreciate your frustration , Tom . ( dramatic theme playing ) It 's unfortunate that your girlfriend got involved in this mess . But my people are just being thorough . Your people ? Alana 's being held by the National Security Agency . The way I remember it , your life in public service ended with a perp walk through NTAC . Yeah , there were some unpleasant moments . But that 's the past . I was censured for my part in the inhibitor ... scandal , I guess you 'd call it . DIANA : " Scandal " ? Let me try " murderous plot . " Your opinions are already a matter of record . Not that the majority of people agree with you . Anyway , after the government saw fit to , uh , terminate my employment , I weighed my offers and wound up here . Haspel Corp. And Alana just happened to wind up in your crosshairs , right ? Tom , do you think I would use your girlfriend to prosecute some kind of personal vendetta ? Actually , Dennis , yeah , I do . TOM : So that 's his punishment for causing the deaths of 28 4400s ? A six-figure consulting gig and a corner office . Don 't act so surprised , Tom . We always knew Ryland had a lot of support for what he did . Learning anything new ? Yeah . She 's incredible . In a week , we 've made discoveries we thought it would take years to get to . Where 'd you find this girl ? He didn 't find me . I found him . Shawn . It 's all right , Jimmy . Hey . That was amazing . It looks like my father could walk out of here this afternoon . Good . And I know my whole family just thanked you again and again , but I wanted to say it too . So ... thanks . It 's all right , Nikki . You look so different . Last time I saw you , I don 't think you even owned a belt . You used to wear the same flannel shirt every day for a week . A lot 's changed , I guess . And now you 're doing so great . Kind of makes me wonder why you never called just to say hi , you know ? ( dramatic theme playing ) I was just trying to put everything behind me , I guess . I don 't ... ( sniffs ) But I thought about you a lot . I 've gotta go , I guess . Yeah . Hm . Tell your dad not to hurry back to the office , okay ? He always was a workaholic . ( engine starts ) We just got the phone records in from Gary 's safe house . A call came in at 11 : 14 a.m. Eleven-fourteen ? That 's right before we got there . It 's a tip-off call . It had to be . It came from inside the 4400 Center . HEATHER : Look , I really don 't know what to say . I can 't tell you why that call came from my office , but I didn 't make it . Heather , we 've got phone records that say it came from your extension . Y-you said the call was made around 11 : 10 , right ? Then there 's no way it could have been me . I was teaching a class from 11 to noon . I was standing in front of 12 students for the entire hour . I never left the room . Anyone else have access to your office ? Just the janitor . But you 'd have to ask Maintenance about that . TOM : We will . We 'll need to talk to your students as well . Look , Heather , NTAC isn 't the only organization investigating the Nova Group . There 's gonna be a lot of people looking at those phone records . They 're all gonna be less friendly than we are . Sorry , guys . It 's like I said . I was in class . That 's all I know . ( suspenseful theme playing ) I got a little worried about you this afternoon . You were gone all day again . I was out walking . I like to do that now . Dad , I need you to talk to Shawn . Tell him he can 't break up with me . It would be a mistake . I can 't do that . For one thing , I don 't think it is . I know how much it must hurt right now , but you 'll get over it . Don 't talk to me like I 'm a teenager . There are things I have to do . They 're going to be really hard . Dangerous . And if Shawn 's not with me , it 's gonna make things worse . Worse for who ? You ? No . Everyone else . And what if he says no ? Be more convincing . ( doorbell rings ) Heather . What 's up ? I need to talk to you . Listen , I 've been thinking all day about this . I didn 't tell you everything this afternoon . There was someone who had the key to my office . Okay , this person . I need to know who it was . Tom , it was Alana . I didn 't wanna say anything in front of your partner . I 'm sure you understand why . Tom , did Alana know that you found out where this guy Gary was living ? Yeah . Yeah , she did . I ... I was on the phone with her when the tip came in . I told her . She knew we 'd been chasing Gary for a long time . Heather , come on , it wasn 't Alana . There has to be some other explanation . I hope so . And I hope you find it . But what do I do while you 're looking ? You said it yourself , you 're not the only one with access to those records . You 're not the only one who 's gonna come asking questions . You tell anyone who asks the same thing you told me this afternoon . Your alibi checks out . Unless you say differently , no one is gonna be able to prove you lent that key to Alana or anyone else . Heather , Alana didn 't make that call . If you just stick to your story for one more day , this whole thing will be over . What if I say no ? She comes after me ? You ? I don 't know . I know she 's determined to get you back . It 's like she sees you as her one connection to the world , to people , to a normal life . So , what you 're saying is it 's like my job to keep her , I don 't know , human ? It sounds that way , doesn 't it ? Look , Shawn ... I 'm not trying to tell you what to do . But I do know this : Isabelle 's not giving up . Not without a fight . And we 've both seen what happens when my daughter decides to fight . ( tense theme playing ) ( door buzzing in distance ) ( door buzzing ) Is everything all right , Thomas ? TOM : Don 't think about it as informing . You 're helping us catch a criminal . Now , I need you to tell me , who did you lend Heather 's office key to ? Sweetie , please . This is important . Somebody compromised our investigation . I didn 't give the key to anyone . It was me , Thomas . I called Gary Navarro . ( tires screeching ) I don 't understand . Are you a member of the Nova Group ? No , of course not . Then why ? ! I trusted you . I told you what we were doing and you used it to betray me . I wasn 't betraying you . I did it for you . How many times have I heard you say that you felt responsible for what happened to Gary Navarro ? He came to you for help and instead the government used him and turned him against his own kind . I don 't like what happened to Gary . But he chose to become a terrorist . He joined Nova of his own free will . Gary wasn 't with the Nova Group anymore . What ? How would you even know that ? A lot of people at the Center know it . After the Nova Group had T.J. Kim murdered , he turned his back on them . How can you even believe that ? Gary personally tried to murder Dennis Ryland . Ryland is responsible for the death of 28 4400s . Twenty-eight people that might have changed the world for the better were they allowed to live . He declared war on us . I almost died , Thomas . All Gary did was fight back . You should have told me what you were gonna do . I wanted to . But I couldn 't . You were bound by your job . You couldn 't give Gary another chance . So I did it for you . And now you 're gonna stand trial right alongside him . You made that phone call from the Center . It 's right there on Gary 's phone records . They 'll figure it out it was you , Alana . So , what ? Am I supposed to lie for you now ? Am I supposed to become Gary 's accomplice too , now ? I 'm not asking you to do anything , Thomas . If you want to turn me in , fine . But I believe I did the right thing . And I hope the man I love would believe it too . ( dramatic theme playing ) Nikki , if I did pay off your dad 's hospital bill , and I 'm not admitting to anything , let 's just say that it 's not that big of a deal , okay ? I 'm glad to do something with my money . Giving up my social life to work seven days a week at this place has to have its perks , right ? I have a hard time believing that you don 't have a social life . Running this place is a big job . You know , it kind of cuts you off from the world . Well , I don 't have $ 60,000 . But if you 're feeling isolated , you know , maybe I can pay you back in another way . ( chuckles ) There 's a new sushi place that opened in Belltown . It 's supposed to be pretty cool . You like sushi now ? You 're not the only one who can change . ( knock on door ) Just give me a second , okay ? Mm-hm . Hey , Shawn . Have you seen my copy of The Republic in here ? No , you know what ? I haven 't seen it . Hello again . I 'm Isabelle . N-Nikki . Nice to meet you . I 've heard of you . Well , let me know if you find my book . I 'm right in the middle of it . So tomorrow night ? You wanna check out this- - This new sushi place ? Uh , yeah . Oh , my God . Tom , I 'm so sorry . Anything I can do to help ? I don 't know . I don 't know what I can do . I can 't just turn Alana in . ( sighs ) If we do catch Gary , eventually he 's gonna give her up . So either way , her life is ruined . Well , Tom , there 's no way you can try and shake this agency off Gary 's scent . You 'll wind up a felon yourself . I have to do something , Diana . We 're talking about Alana . And one way or another , we 've been together for more than a decade . We ... I have to protect her . Once I know she 's safe , then I can figure out how we move on . If we move on . You need to keep yourself safe too . I think that the best thing that we can do , the only thing we can do , is to take ourselves off this case . And do what ? Cross our fingers . Hope Gary buys himself a one-way ticket to Costa Rica . ( dramatic theme playing ) TOM : What did you expect to happen ? ALANA : I don 't know . But it 's only for 36 hours , right ? That 's all they can hold her for . Honestly , I 'm not sure . They can hold her for as long as it takes to investigate her alibi . We 're talking about Dennis Ryland here . You told me a dozen times , he 'll do whatever it takes to get information . He 's going to interrogate her and I don 't know how far it 's gonna go . ( sighs ) Alana , I 'll call his office in the morning . I checked out Heather 's alibi myself . I 'll give them my notes . It 'll all go on the record . Right now , it 's all I can do . DENNIS : You know , I 'm always happy to talk to one of the 4400 . But I have to say , I was surprised to find you waiting outside my office this morning . You can release Heather Tobey . That phone call to Gary Navarro , I was the one who made it . ( dramatic theme playing ) Dennis , thanks for seeing me on such short notice . What were you thinking , Tom , to get romantically involved with a 4400 ? What Alana did was misguided . It was wrong . But Gary wasn 't part of the Nova Group anymore . Are you actually gonna stand here and defend Gary Navarro to me ? The Nova Group isn 't a Bridge club . You don 't just leave . Even if Gary tried to , that doesn 't absolve his other crimes , which include attempted murder . If the doctors had gotten to me 30 seconds later , I would have been dead . I know how badly you want him , Dennis . If it was up to me , Gary Navarro would never even make it to trial . Okay , forget about Gary . Can we just concentrate on Alana ? Well , I 'm afraid it 's not possible to make that distinction . They 're kind of intertwined , aren 't they , Tom ? Alana will be prosecuted like any other member of the Nova Group . She 's not a member of the Nova Group . Dennis . Dennis . We 've known each other for 25 years . You have to help me . Like you helped me when my back was to the wall ? Okay , I 'm not a petty man , Tom . I 'll honor our relationship . Thank you . I appreciate anything you can do . I 'll tell NSA you had nothing to do with this . You may be a dupe , but you 're not a traitor . And as for Alana , her best chance of seeing mercy is to cooperate fully and help us find Gary Navarro . DIANA : Now you wanna catch Gary Navarro ? Tom , we 've already passed the case off to Roth and Tierney . We 've got to get him before they do . We 've got to get him before Ryland does . Before anyone . Look , Ryland wants Gary . It 's a personal thing . If we can get Gary first , we can deal with Ryland directly . A straight up trade . Gary for Alana . So Ryland gets his hands on Gary and it happens with no official record . No arrest . None of that sticky due process . You really think that Ryland 's gonna agree to that ? If we dangle Gary in front of him ? In a heartbeat . Look , Tom , I ... You saved my daughter 's life . I owe you everything for that and I 'll do what you want here , but ... But this is dangerous . And it 's a lot of trouble to go to for a woman who just betrayed you . I owe her that much . More than that . My son is incarcerated , Diana . Alana 's been right there with me all the way through it . And she doesn 't deserve to rot in some secret prison for the rest of her life . Well ... any idea where we 'd start ? Yeah . Hey , Shawn . Isabelle . What are you doing in here ? I came by to talk . I know you 're still thinking about us , but we 're still friends , right ? I can still drop by . Well , Isabelle , usually friends knock . What 's up ? I came to talk to you about Nikki . I know you pretty well . I don 't think she 's the right girl for you . Well , I don 't know why you think she 's my girl . You 're entitled to your opinion , though , I guess . I 'm just trying to protect you . I just have this feeling that if you guys get together , it 's going to end badly . Isabelle , wha- - ? What does that mean ? Are you threatening Nikki , now ? Of course not . Why would I threaten Nikki ? It 's just I have this feeling that if you two hook up , it 's not going to end well . Not for you . Especially not for her . It 's always harder on the girl , you know ? Hey . Are you doing okay ? Yeah , more or less . I want to help you , Alana . I want to get you out of here . I don 't think you can . I do . I think there 's a way , but I need you to trust me . I think you should cooperate with Dennis Ryland . Tell him whatever he wants to know . I can 't do that , Thomas . That would be a betrayal . Learn to live with it . Listen to me , if you don 't cooperate , I don 't think you 're ever gonna get out of here . I can 't . Then I can 't help you . Thomas . I was supposed to take the students on a field trip to the aquarium this afternoon . I need you to go there and leave them a note . There 's a bulletin board outside the aquarium . You should put it there and it should say : " Field trip canceled . " Some of the kids will show up with their parents . When you see them , give them my apologies . I 'll make sure they understand . ( indistinct chatter ) TOM : It was a code . At least , I think it was . She was telling me how to get ahold of Gary . Well , I don 't know , Tom . It 's already been two hours . Let 's give it another 15 minutes . Diana . TOM : Gary , stop ! ( suspenseful theme playing ) WOMAN : Oh , my God . DIANA : Get down , get down ! MAN : Move ! Move along . Get down , get down , get down ! GARY : Look out ! Get out of the way . GARY : Look out , look out ! Get out of the way ! ( crowd shouting indistinctly ) MAN : Hey ! MAN 2 : Get the kids , get the kids ! ( both grunt ) MAN 3 : Watch out , watch out ! Don 't move , Gary ! Don 't move . It 's over , Gary . Come on , get up . ( dramatic theme playing ) So you 're gonna turn me over to Ryland . You know what he 's gonna do to me , right ? Ryland is gonna interrogate me . Yeah , you know all about that . You 've seen that firsthand . And then he 's going to " disappear me . " No trial . No record . I 'm not a mind reader , Gary . Not like you . I have no idea what Ryland 's gonna do with you . That 's how you 're gonna get through this little handoff with your conscience intact ? All right , you wanna know ? I 'm trading you for Alana . She helped you , now it 's your chance to help her . You owe her that much . DIANA : You made your own bed , Gary . Nobody forced you to join Nova . Nobody forced you to kill people . I was a baseball player ! I was worried about making the major leagues . That 's it . If I hadn 't met you two , I 'd be shagging grounders right now . Okay , you should go . If you still want to , that is . But if you make this deal with Ryland , it 's forever . I mean , we live with this . I 'll call you after the meet . You 're gonna have to move him right away . NIKKI : Seven-thirty on the nose . I gotta say I 'm impressed . A big mogul like you , figured that you 'd keep a girl waiting . Hey . Hey . ( clears throat ) You ready to go ? Nikki , listen , we can 't do this . Do what ? Dinner ? Shawn , it 's not a big deal . That 's what people do at night . ( chuckles ) You know this is about more than just dinner . ( clears throat ) I 'm sorry . I don 't mean to stand you up . I just ... I just can 't do this right now . Shawn , I- - I don 't get it . What happened ? Did some adviser tell you that I don 't fit in with your PR strategy ? No , nothing like that . ( sighs ) It 's gonna sound like a stupid guy-thing . Me leaving here right now is the best thing I can do for you . ( dramatic theme playing ) All right , then . Go . Bye , Nikki . So , Tom , I 'm guessing ... that if I don 't agree to this trade you 're proposing , you 're not gonna drop Navarro off at the nearest police station , are you ? You say " no " and you can forget about getting your hands on Gary Navarro . I 'll get him a passport , a plane ticket . He 'll be in a Third World country by this time tomorrow . And if I decide to play along ? You want to know whether I 'll be asking questions about Gary Navarro after you drive away with him ? No , I won 't be . It 's gonna be tricky to make the charges against Alana go away . You can do it , Dennis . I have faith in you . ( door buzzes ) Let 's go . GARY : Listen , take this key ring . The blue key opens a safe-deposit box . There are eight letters inside and I 'd appreciate it if you 'd mail them . These letters , who are they addressed to ? Eight families . All over the world . DIANA : Your NSA work . Those are the families of the 4400s that you helped target . Right , I figure it ... It 's time to let them know what happened . Give them a sense of closure . Seems like the least I can do . Seems like the only thing I can do , actually . ( tense theme playing ) You okay ? I 'm sorry . It 's all right . I know it wasn 't your idea . ( grunts ) Nice working with you again , Tom . Well , that went well . Tell me , why do I have such a weird feeling in my stomach ? ALANA : It 's not easy to sentence a man to death . Our Father , who art in heaven , hallowed be thy name . Quiet back there ! It 's all right . Let him pray . Forgive us our trespasses as we ... Look out ! Pull over ! Get out of the car ! Get out ! DIANA : Keep your hands where I can see ' em . Up ! TOM : Keep your hands where I can see them ! Are you okay ? DIANA : Okay . Tom , you need to think about this . Tom , you 're letting a terrorist walk free . No , I was a soldier . You created me . All I did was switch sides . Well , guess what ? Now I 'm done fighting . I 'm walking away from the war . There is no walking away ! You 've got numerous federal charges hanging over your head . Including attempted murder . Murderers walk free all the time , Dennis . Some of them even get cushy jobs at Fortune 500 companies . Very cute , Tom . Have you thought about what this means for your girlfriend ? Making her a fugitive is kind of a funny way of showing your love . ALANA : I 'd rather be on the run than be responsible for handing over a 4400 to you . Skouris , you 're supposed to be the levelheaded one . Are you really gonna throw your career away because your partner is on some personal crusade ? Oh , I don 't see it that way , Dennis . And if you want to hold on to your job , you won 't say anything about this . A 4400 you personally signed out of a military detention facility ? A secret trade in a remote location ? It 's all kind of messy . I 'm guessing this one stays off the books . Let 's go . Nice working with you again , Dennis . ( train horn blowing in distance ) There 's two ID 's in there . And there 's enough cash to last you for a while . The Canadian border 's about 30 miles away . I 'd- - I 'd cross as soon as you can . Ryland will be looking . Yeah . ( dramatic theme playing ) You know , it 's , uh- - It 's been almost two years since I 've met you two . And I remember that you said that you would help me . Well , it 's been a long time coming , but I guess you finally came through . Thank you . I didn 't want us to end , Thomas . Ever . And especially not here , like this . It doesn 't have to end . I can come with you . You can 't . You need to be here . You 're one of the only good men left in this fight . I 'll find a way to bring you back . I promise . ( melancholy theme playing ) ( engine starts ) ( suspenseful theme playing )
