 JESSIE : It 's starting ! Come inside ! Come on in , boys ! There 's a crowd waiting outside Unity Hall It 's on . like it wasn 't nearly freezing temperatures . It feels like the only one not here yet is the man himself . ( CROWD CHEERING ) Is he doing the God thing ? Oh , I hope not . God 's not popular right now . He doesn 't care . He likes God . And God likes him . LEADER OF THE GUARDS : Detail ! He 's here . The King approaches . ( TRUMPET SOUNDS ) ( CROWD CHEERING ) Sir , I 'd feel much better about this if I could see your speech first . Stop asking . glance ... Where 's Reverend Samuels ? THOMASINA : Reverend Samuels isn 't here yet . Not like him to miss a crowd . We 'II just have to start without him . He 's supposed to give the benediction . We could hold for another 15 minutes . It 's cold out there and the people are cheering . I 'II have my son do it . You 're not going to be warm enough . Really , sir . You have the entire country listening , and you choose today not to let me see your speech ? I 'd love to , if I had written one . Didn 't write a speech . It will come . ( CROWD CHEERING ) It 's not popular to speak of God . But I do so now and publicly because I feel blessed . I am blessed . I Iook at this city that we built through industry , through ingenuity , through war and sacrifice , and I feel that blessing . ( CROWD CHEERING ) This city is the dream of a half century , and this morning , we bring that dream into the day . We have built Shiloh ! ( CROWD CHEERING ) There 's no surprise . I knew this day would come . I knew this land , these territories once at war , factions fractured were meant to be one nation together at peace . When I first looked out at the ruins that would become Shiloh , there was nothing . Ashes . An empty shell of a city bombed ten times over by three armies . But I looked , and my eyes opened . ( BOYS LAUGHING ) And I thought , " Unity Hall . Right here as it stands today . " Pay attention , boys . Your father died fighting for this . SILAS : I looked and I saw people , former enemies ... JESSIE : Damn fool . ( CAR HONKING ) ... working together . Rebuilding . I 'II get it . SILAS : Hospitals , streets , traffic , jewelry shops , police stations , rude old men stealing your cab , trucks selling 50 different kinds of ice cream , I saw it all . DAVI D : Someone 's pulling into the shop . I saw it all as if it was here already . Under one flag , united . Under one king , strong . Morning . Are you Jessie ? My mom . Didn 't you get a name ? David . What 's the problem ? The car . It used to work , and then it stopped . We 've got the ceremony on inside , if you want to watch it . You look like you know what you 're doing . My dad taught me . Is he around ? He died in the war . ( SIGHS ) You need a new hose . Will that take long ? A new one would . ( CAR ENGINE STARTING ) The dead has arisen . Look at you . It was just a cracked hose . For you , maybe . But to me , that was a broken car . You have a Iittle something on you , there . ( SIGHS ) I can 't charge you for a piece of tape . It was your time that I owe you for . I 'II meet you halfway . This broken thing has been in my pocket for the Iast six months . I should have taken it to a shop , but if you can fix it , you deserve it . Thank you , sir . You are very polite , David . It 's just the way I was raised . Well , do something about that before you grow up . And that 's when they came . I felt the shadow above me . I Iooked up and saw a great swarm of butterflies , and they circled around me like leaves in a storm , floating , soft , landing upon my head like a crown . A living crown . God 's signal to begin . I pray , as I take my seat in this great new capital , to be worthy of his anointment and of your trust . ( CROWD CHEERING ) NEWS REPORTER : Like the King himself , who rose from meager beginnings as a soldier to a monarch beloved by his kingdom , the new capital at Shiloh has risen up from the wreckage of war and become a beacon of hope for our people . Well , there you go , boys . Our taxes went into rebuilding that fool city for 20 years . At least you 'II be able to tell your grandkids , " I saw it happen . " Except for David . He missed it . Who was in the shop , anyways ? Reverend Samuels . ( LAUGHS ) Who wants pancakes ? ( BOYS CHATTERING ) NEWS REPORTER : The only dark clouds on this day are reports of tension in the north . With fears that border disputes with Gath could escalate . Certainly King Silas , veteran of the Unification Wars himself , will do what he can to prevent another war . NATHAN : Hey , S hep . Shep ! Seriously , bro . I swear , man . Your mom 's making the best frigging brownies , man . What 's in these ? Guilt . Hey , give me a light . Easy , killer . I promised Mom I 'd take care of you . No smoking . Oh , damn Goliath . Every day , another round , just to remind us that we 're outgunned . ( DAVID SIGHS ) We 're talking about it . Must be working . I 've got a pool going on , when do you think they 'II blow today ? Actually , it should be any second . You don 't know that . Yeah . I kind of do . It 's a different time every day . It 's a completely random event ... Any second . ( FIRING ) ( ELI GRUNTS ) ( LAUGHING ) I swear to God . If you weren 't my brother , I 'd think you were a spy . How did you know that was going to happen ? ( LAUGHING ) Have another brownie . Hey . Did you guys hear ? A squad got pinched . At Foxland Forest . They got out alone somehow . No air support . Bastards ambushed them . They dead ? SAVOY : Not all . They took hostages . ( FOOTSTEPS RUNNING ) A platoon was ambushed . Foxland . Twelve dead , two hostages . Over the border . They go too far . Gath . They 'II find I 'm willing to meet them and go further . We don 't negotiate for hostages . Much as we want to , much as our soldiers deserve it . War asks the heart to freeze at room temperature . Send for the families . Sir , it was the 1 27th . I 'm sorry , sir . It 's ... It 's ... Call the Ambassador to Gath . Get them back . Get it done . You can 't . We don 't negotiate for hostages , as you said . We can 't now . Then , what do we do ? No one goes after the hostages . We don 't need any more losses . In the Iast 1 8 months , anyone within 200 yards of a Goliath was a loss . This comes from the top . ( THUD ) ( SIGHS ) DAVID : Anyone on the move ? Hell , you walk quiet , Shep . What the hell are you doing out here ? Nothing . Anything moving out there ? Oh , tank on five K-0 rolled 50 yards off a ditch . I thought I saw a shelter go up . Dude . What are you doing ? I can 't run in these . Whoa ! You think it 's them ? The hostages ? DAVID : I don 't know . I just have a feeling . They could be hiding them behind the tanks , but ... They 'II court-martial you for this . If you live that long . Don 't worry . I 'm calling your brother , man . Don 't . He 'II just try and stop me . Give me your wrench . So , what are you going to do ? Change their oil ? ( CAMERA CLICKING ) ( PANTING ) ( HOSTAGE GRUNTS ) ( DAVID WHISPERS ) Go slowly . Okay . Okay . Wait , wait , wait . Okay , okay , come on . ( BOTH PANTING ) Okay , come on . Come on . ( MAN YELLING ) Stay with me . Stay with me . ( HOSTAGE GROANING ) Come on . Come on . Get up . Get up . Come on . ( TURRET GUN WHIRRING ) ( TURRET GUN SHOOTING ) ( HOSTAGE YELLING ) I 'II cover . Oh , my God . Can you get him to Iookout ? I think so . ( GOLIATH FIRING ) ( CAMERA CLICKING ) ( GOLIATH ENGINE STOPS ) He 's getting up . You seeing this ? ( CAMERA CLICKING RAPIDLY ) ( EXPLODING ) ( PANTING ) You dumb son of a ... ( SIGHS ) If you had died ... DAVID : What 's this ? ELI : It 's your court-martial . Shepherd ! You were given an order ! ( HELICOPTER APPROACHING ) How is he ? Cut to the head and a scar to remember them by , but he 'II be fine , sir . That 's Jack Benjamin . You saved the King 's son . Ice trucks . Means fish tonight . Probably king salmon , given the season . Nah , it doesn 't mean fish . Then , what ? Lamb . It 's a hero 's welcome . Heroes get red meat . I 'd do it with a nice pistachio crust , if asked . No chance . Queen Rose hates lamb . Ever since she spent her summers on her uncle 's sheep farm . Everyone knows that . Do they ? Do they know what color panties she picks for Thursdays , too ? Good day , sirs . Names ? Uh , David Shepherd . Here to see , uh ... Oh ! Here to see everyone , sir . That 's in the paper ? KLOTZ : No , that 's in all the papers , sir . You 're going to have to settle a bet for us , sir , on what 's being served for you tonight . Tonight ? You know , at your banquet ? The menu , ma 'am . Ah , the menu . Squab , herb polenta , arrabiata for the vegetarians . Good , good . It 's perfect . But , uh ... Take off the Iamb . Yes , ma 'am . And what about our guest of honor ? Who 's making sure he 's presentable ? We have Jack on that , ma 'am . Then put someone on Jack . Yes , ma 'am . And , uh ... ( CLUB MUSIC PLAYING ) ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) I can 't believe you came out tonight . I mean , you almost died out there . I didn 't . That calls for more living . Thomasina . Oh , my love . Don 't be jealous . Come . We 're meeting Shepherd . He 's coming to court . I thought that was tomorrow . It is tomorrow . Oh . Okay . ( PRESS CLAMORING ) ( CROWD EXCLAIMING ) JACK : That used to hang up in my room . It kept me up at night . You saved my Iife . We can skip all that . Besides , you 're the darling today . Sorry , sir ? I know . I get taken hostage and almost get killed , and they 're throwing you a party . ( SCOFFS ) Mysteries of the palace . I wish they wouldn 't . I 'm not even really sure why I 'm here . Technically , so I 'd give you a tour . An hour ago . ( LAUGHS ) Sorry . You 're here to get shown off . You 're going to take a pretty picture with my father , and then get sent back to wherever you came from . Thanks for serving your country . Is that what you 're wearing tonight ? I 'II have something of mine sent over . I think you 're taller than me . I 'II send the tailor with it . There 's a tailor here ? ( LAUGHS ) My father likes suits . Gath . ABNER : Now 's the time to make a push forward . Take the valley . You 've been saying that for three years . Last presented . Perry ! Uh , sorry . June 1 0th this year . Unapproved by you , sir . " We don 't attack . We respond . Instigation is Gath 's game . " MINISTER OF FINANCE : Which is why they 're winning . This war has been a cancer on our economy . If your valley can get us out , I support it . We can 't extend the border now for the same reason we couldn 't in June . We 're outgunned and lack public support . Polling shows public opinion in favor of aggressive measures since the kidnapping . Negatives . Could draw an offensive . World press would have a field day . The Reverend won 't like it . The Reverend doesn 't like anything . He still thinks I owe him because he swore me in . They 've blasted us from those hills for years . There 's never been a better time to make them stop . They 're demoralized , and our troops are chomping at the bit . They all want to take out a tank now . Good . Let them . Let them . Push back . Enough to let Gath know we 're done taking punches . It 's time to do something . please say that clears the agenda . There are petitions , sir . We have four . Court calls Miss Michelle Benjamin , petition on health care . I think we 'II only have time for one . Sir , you 've heard proposals to advance public health care before , I know ... Most from you . Noah Tanner . Six years old and needs a new heart . Given the current options , patients like Noah are left to treatments older than his parents . He needs a new heart as badly as we need reform . I 've outlined a plan ... I recall my own daughter treated for childhood illnesses very well by the exact level of care offered to each of our citizens , but deemed lacking by you . Your daughter had advantages many don 't . She had parents of privilege to watch over her day and night . As they do now when they tell her to move on from an obvious impasse . Sorry , puppy . This push on Gath , make it loud . It 's time to end this damn war . Write down , " He governed patiently and well , " then ran home for a shower . " ( MEN LAUGHING ) I spend more time on cufflinks than I do on tax reforms . Why aren 't you ready ? My darned cell phone . I had it with me on my trip yesterday , and I ... I last saw it with my socks . Your daughter is livid , by the way . She spent months on that tax thing . Health care . Why with your socks ? So it wouldn 't get banged up . It 's my fault . I should never have trusted anything that important with that new secretary . Why is it that pretty people are always so bad with details ? ( SIGHS ) King of all I survey , and I still can 't find an office chair that doesn 't give my back spasms . You 're an old soldier . Don 't complain . Your pills are on the counter . I don 't like pills . I 'd rather have wine . Wine makes your eyes droop , and you have to look nice for the pictures . ( PRESS CLAMORING ) Is this really your first time in the capital ? I missed the eighth grade class trip . Mono . Do you have any family here tonight ? Is your dad proud of you ? My dad died fighting in the Unification War . REPORTER 1 : What about your mother ? Is she here ? My mother never really approved of me joining the army . REPORTER 2 : Why is that ? Uh , you might have heard about my father . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) Ladies and gentlemen . Shall we ? Start on the Ieft and work our way over . And back again . You handle the hounds well , Private . I have six older brothers . Have fun . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) I 'd Iike a Iarge glass of something really expensive . Thank you . ( DINGS ) We celebrate bravery tonight . Tonight , I am as sure of our cause as I was the day we founded our great nation . In fact , that idea is all ... Reverend Samuels . It means so much to have you here ... Let me get a drink in me before you start asking me for things , would you , Marcus ? SILAS : We had little more than hope and a bad idea , two key ingredients for global change . ( ALL LAUGHING ) And that 's when they came . Like a shadow overhead . I Iooked up and saw a great swarm of butterflies , circling above my head like leaves in a storm , soft and landing like a crown , a living crown on my head . God 's signal to begin . Still with the butterflies . Doesn 't he ever get tired of that one ? He 'II tell it as long as they want to hear it . And so will you someday . If it 's good enough for the hero , it 's more than enough for an old preacher . Sir . ( LAUGHS ) The Lord 's world is great . And very , very small . To the hero who can fix anything . I don 't know if I count as a hero . What is this ? A man hiding at the bar is a man who doesn 't want to be at the party . ( SIGHS ) I guess I 'm just more used to the front . Take a good look around you . You , come on ... Have got a banquet in your name . You 're drinking a single malt the likes of which God himself only takes out of the cabinet but once a year . You have your choice of ladies all very interested in your attention . You 'II like the one in red . Now , your nights will not always be this easy . So ... Enjoy . Just watch out for the cameras . ( CLINKING ) You 're not supposed to be playing that . That piano is a gift to my father from the Prime Minister of Austeria . This piano is a Broadwood Grand , 1848 . The same year Liszt wrote this . The closest I 've ever come to one is a picture on the Internet . You can call security , but I 'm finishing first . I thought you were a mechanic . I wouldn 't have pegged you for a musician . I wouldn 't have pegged you for a snitch . Well , they 're all looking for you . Sir , this is Mr. and Mrs. Acharon . Excuse me . You know him ? The kid . I 'm not sure if I know anybody anymore . You speak in riddles , Reverend , you 're liable never to get your point across . So you 're going to pretend that I don 't know ? About Gath ? I spoke my piece clearly . The offensive can put an end to this war . If you 're against it , tell it to your flock . I don 't need your permission to defend my country . Sit . It 's time we spoke plainly , you and I. Yes , sir . plainly doesn 't come with " sirs . " Quit it . I owe you a Iot . More than I can say . You don 't have children , do you ? I 'm an uncle . Then you don 't know . You saved my son 's life . That means I owe you mine . Just tell me what you want , and it 's yours . They already offered me a reward that 's way more than I can spend . You 're a young man . Smart . You must have some goals . I 'm a man with position offering you a thank you . Even if you ask for half my kingdom , as the saying goes . Well , speak up , or you 're liable to get a car you can 't afford the insurance on . Ah ! Half my kingdom , it is . You have no idea how to dance , do you ? Not even a Iittle bit . You know , this really seemed like a good idea a minute ago . You have a Iot of people watching you right now , you know that ? Now , yes . Very , very clear . ( WHISPERS ) Follow my lead . ( INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING ) Um , I 'm sorry about before . I took my bad day out on you . Princessing is hard work , huh ? Health reform , actually . I showed them all a way to help people and got told it was inconvenient . I 'm trying to get a six-year-old a new heart . What ? Happiness suits her , Abner . Who knew ? Him . ABNER : Yes , sir . I 'II not forget what he said and when he said it . Yes , sir . Don 't make a show of it . And the wife ? No . No need . He 'II be trouble . You watch . I know the type . The only way to deal with them is a bullet . please , he 's an infant . ( WHISPERS ) He 's got everyone eating out of his hand . The cameras are wearing themselves out . No one 's talking about the war . This court needs a new face to look up to . No . We can use him . Something 's here for us . Good kid , that David . SILAS : Perfect timing . Medium scrambled on whole wheat toast . No butter on pain of death . Hmm ? A rare full house . Eat . No sign of it , ma 'am . They checked the cars ? And the luggage ? The Service is asking for an account of the information on there . JACK : It 's the Queen 's cell phone . It 's got the email , birthdays , and bad spelling of every person comprising society in this country . I think they 're more concerned with national security . You know I don 't like getting involved with politics . So , come . Let 's keep looking before they call in the National Guard . It 's got to be somewhere . MICHELLE : Did Mom lose her mind and hire Thomasina to fix everything , or was it the other way ? Sort of a chicken-egg question . SILAS : The chicken or the egg ? I was told to come ? SILAS : Chicken ? Egg ? Are we still using that expression ? Given the overwhelming evidence in favor of evolutionary theory , I need to make a royal official declaration . The answer is , roundly , an egg . Not negating God , in whom I trust more than that damn Reverend will ever know . Just recognizing that change occurs , thank said God , and that the egg would have to have been the natural improvement on whatever near-chicken mother hatched it and discovered that her young were delightfully different from herself . Evolution is just one of God 's many tools . Like me . The only real and lingering question being ... How do you Iike them first-come eggs ? Is there something you 'd Iike me to do ? He 'd Iike you to sit and eat . My father insists on making breakfast . It makes him feel like his kids are still five . When you were small and manageable . And I preferred it that way . I can 't stay long . I have to report back to base this morning . Oh . Oh , no , you 're not . You 're not going back to the front . You 've been transferred to Shiloh . Military Liaison to the Press Office . The press likes you . Captain Shepherd . Mmm-hmm . Captain . You 're an officer now . Hell of a time to lose your powers of speech . You 're going on air in an hour . There a problem ? I 'm not sure I can answer that without insulting my King . Well , your King hears insults with alarming regularity . I just don 't think I 'm cut out for the city , sir . Walter ? Next time you hear Captain Shepherd call me sir , I want you to take out your sidearm and shoot him . What , uh ... What have you got against our city ? Well , I 'd probably have an apartment the size of my dog 's shed at home . And no one talks about the war here . My company is fighting just a few hours from here , and it 's as if nothing 's happening , except on TV . plus , the city sort of smells like trash . ( MICHELLE CHUCKLES ) I 'm not going to tell you what to do , but you could do good here . Hope lies in bravery . And we need hope . Give us a shot . Yes , sir . I can 't believe I 've been in this many cars in three days . I could have sworn that I gave it to you . I 'm so sorry , ma 'am . I don 't know where it went . A cell phone full of state secrets and private lines ... Let 's hope not far . I 'II go tear up my bedroom again . No luck ? Oh , It 's your fault . Ooh . I blame the grief . You really had me worried , Jack . You promised me you 'd never die . Well , I kept my promise . See ? ( CHUCKLES ) Look . How long are we going to have to suffer that one ? Oh , he 's harmless . He 's a cocker spaniel . That cocker spaniel just got the best post in the military . Hell , I was the one taken hostage . That should have been my job . Instead , I 'm being brought in for questioning . More discipline . ( SIGHS ) You don 't do yourself any favors with your night life . They 're saying things about the kidnapping , that it was my fault the squad was ambushed . That I was impulsive and went in without a support team . Did you ? Of course not . I called for over-watch as soon as I got the order . Those woods were crawling . We had support , at Ieast when we went in . And then the shooting started and we were alone . I lost men . We had support . please , talk to him . They could bring me up on charges . Yes . I know . You know I don 't like to get involved with politics . ( SIGHS ) But if I were to suggest something , I 'd say let them . Let them court-martial me ? Why not ? Truth outed slowly is remembered longest . So , sit through their meetings . They 'II see what 's what soon enough , and then they 'II have to cover you with so many medals and apologies that you 'II be stuffed from all the banquets in your high honor . Be patient , Jack . It will all come out in the wash , probably along with my damn cell phone . And sadly , he suffered a coronary while jogging near his home . Minister of Energy Fawkes was a 15-year servant of our government and a patriot . King Silas will be visiting with his family after the funeral . DAVI D : Listen , Mom . I don 't think I ' m going to make it back home this weekend like I thought . JESSIE : I thought you had some leave coming . Did you get in trouble ? Sort of . Turn on the TV . We also have some news from the front . ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) Ladies and gentlemen ... You know we can 't tell you too much , but here to tell you what we can , we have our new Military Liaison . Some of you may know of him already . Let me introduce Captain David Shepherd . JESSIE : What 's going on with you ? Mom , I 've got to go . JESSIE : David . I 've got to go . ( CAMERAS CLICKING ) ( SOLDIERS CHEERING ) They made him the monkey . Hey , Shepherd . What ? There 's a package here for you . Is anyone else really sick of that picture ? Can we turn that off ? Thanks . Cool . ( PRESS LAUGHING ) REPORTER 1 : Does this mean no more action for you ? You 'II be staying here in Shiloh ? Uh , look . I only had , Iike , ten minutes of briefing this morning , but I 'm pretty sure they just want me to read what 's on the prompter , so ... How about I just say yes and we get straight to it , okay ? " An offensive was issued two hours ago by King Silas . " ( PRESS CHATTERING ) " At present , we have troops advancing across the neutral zone into Gath territory . " We have reports that Gath has retreated its armor units . " REPORTER 2 : Is this in response to the kidnappings ? I think it 's in response to everyone wanting this damn war over already . This is embarrassing . We could pull him . No , no , no , no . He 's perfect . Watch . REPORTER 3 : What about Jack Benjamin 's involvement with the ambush of the 1 27th ? As far as I know , Captain Benjamin 's involvement was as a victim . Is it true there 's an early inquiry into his negligence ? DAVID : I have no official information on that . But from personal knowledge , I can state that that 's a load of bull ( BLEEP ) put out by people trying to cash in on tragedy . Men died in that ambush . T ry and show some respect . Next question . FORSYTHE : Okay . Thank you , Captain . A little too much time around soldiers . Any , uh , last comments ? No ? Uh , actually , yeah . Yeah , one last thing . I have a report that there 's progress on a promising new health care petition to expand , uh , you know , coverage , which , I guess , will , uh ... I guess will benefit everyone . Thank you for that update . THOMASINA : flying colors . How you feeling ? I thought I was going to vomit the whole time . You 're lucky you didn 't . ( CHUCKLES ) Come , sir . There 's a call for you . ( SOLDIERS CHEERING ) You got my package ? You seriously spent your whole reward on beer and video games ? You 're sick . You have a sickness . All right , all right , all right . How are you holding up , Captain ? ( SOLDIERS CHEERING ) I 've been trying to get out ever since I got here . Why ? Why ? What 's wrong with you , man ? You 're in the capital ! You 're dancing with the princess ! Nobody 's shooting at you . The princess . Y eah , I just thought I should be out there with you guys . Are you kidding me ? Oh , that 's sweet , no . You 're kidding ? You need to be scooping this up with both hands , okay ? You 're living the good life . SAVOY : Come on , David . You deserve it . ( HORN BLARING ) ( SOLDIERS YELLING ) What 's going on , EIi ? ( PLANES APPROACHING ) Air raid ! Air raid ! EIi ! EIi ! ABNER : We 're looking at preparation for full-scale invasion . We have to attack first . They 're coming for us . MINISTER OF FINANCE : They haven 't fired . It could be a retreat . HANSON : We were told to expect an official message from them any minute . ABNER : Recalling all your planes from our air space is a message . " We 're going to push you into the sea . " Your brother 's fine . You 'II call him later . Message from the Premier of Gath , sir . ( SILAS SIGHS ) Son of a bitch . It 's a peace treaty . They 're offering us a truce . ( CROWD CHEERING ) ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) I owe you a thank you for the free publicity . I just thought I 'd drop off a note . So you hoped I wouldn 't be home . You know , this treaty is half your doing . You really should be out celebrating . You haven 't seen ... Well , turn on your TV . Oh , you don 't have a TV . Well , what do you think all that noise is outside ? I just thought that was the city . AII right . Come on . Come on . We 're going . ( CROWD CHEERING ) ( DRUMS BEATING ) Here . Wow . Beautiful , isn 't it ? Do you remember the inauguration of Shiloh ? When we moved to the capital ? The celebration ? Of course . I watched it with my family . Well , we were on our way to it all , driving , and my dad sees this truck and he stops the entire cavalcade . He just can 't get over this ice cream truck here , where there was nothing before someone dreamt it . Just ashes . Ruins . He hugged me to hide that he was crying . Nobody else saw , but ... ( SIGHS ) It 's like it wasn 't real to him until that moment . It was freezing out , and he bought us all Rocket Pops . That was when I realized that the human will can take ashes and turn it into ice cream . This city is about progress . This is what we 've been fighting for this entire time . Dancing in the streets and you 're here , draining my wine cellar . JACK : Isn 't it great ? Peace in our lifetimes . AII thanks to the cocker spaniel . Good news for all of us . Especially for me . You transferred me . Moved me to an intelligence desk in the capital . Promotion to Major . Then you heard . Congratulations , Jack . And you took me off active duty . That is a demotion . An admission of guilt couched as an honor . " That Jack couldn 't really handle the war . " He nearly got himself killed . Let 's move him to a desk , where it 's safe . " AII while you prop him up on a stage . Come in . There 's enough fair hair to go around . Do you really mean to do this now ? If I 'm going to be king and telling the butterfly story , I need to be a war hero in command of my company . I can 't do that from the sidelines . Do you believe what they 're saying ? That ambush wasn 't my fault . I know that . Then , what ? I fought for you . Commanded . I have the respect of everyone in our army except the one who owes it to me most . Is it my reputation ? " The party prince ? " Is that it ? None of that matters , Dad . It 's not who I am . Oh , if only it was . What would I give for a playboy who couldn 't keep it in his pants and who runs through women ? But what I have is a son who shows no interest in them . Oh . You thought I didn 't know ? I 've been keeping pictures of our family out of the free press for years . What you do at night with your boys after your show of skirt chasing is a disgrace . If you were my second son , I wouldn 't care . But for a king , it 's not possible . Not possible . We give up what we want when we want power . Believe me . Now , if you want to show me you have the heart to be King , show me you can control it . Wrestle it to the ground . Numb it with ice . But you cannot be what God made you . Not if you mean to take my place . Celebrate , Jack . It 's what you 're good at . SILAS : Read it back . PERRY : " And it happened that Silas King forged an accord of peace with Gath . " The dancing in the streets could be felt even up unto the King 's chambers , " shaking his pen as he signed his name . " Nice turn , Perry . We made legend today . Thank you , sir . ( DOOR OPENING ) Ah . William . Who comes to the King uncalled ? Why aren 't you out on a parade float somewhere ? No sign of it letting up , either . Even Michelle is out having fun , for once . It was a good gamble . We scared them into peace . We can build again . I was thinking this truce might not be the best thing for the country right now . I just signed the treaty . Which makes a perfect opportunity to invade . They 'd never see it coming . We only attacked to scare them into peace . Everything this country needs is wrapped in peace . You heard the parades . The people want peace . And they can have it . Say , in a year . Then , you could end the war . CrossGen has too much invested in the military right now . This war needs to continue . No , this isn 't some government contract , building a bridge or a pipeline or a helmet . People will die . You can see that building . Of course you can . I made sure this room faced it . You may have built this country , but I paid for it . I handed you your crown . Oh , I repaid that debt many times . Don 't forget all you sacrificed to get where you are right now . You gave up that whore you loved , made me your brother , all so you could have my money at your back . You knew the cost . And if I refuse ? One call . AII it takes to pull our gold from your treasury . Everything you built will collapse . By lunch , those parades will be riots and your banks will be on fire . You 'II have more death on your head than would come from any war . One more year , Silas , then sign whatever you want . Find a way . And how do I Iive with myself ? Same as you always have . Thomasina . You never sleep either . The family needs 24-hour care . You all right , sir ? Quarterly reports are the death of innovation . Will you ready me a car ? I woke you . I was up . Long night ? Sit . I made soup . What kind ? The kind you Iike . ( GROANS ) Your back 's bothering you again ? I 'II get you a pillow . ( SIGHS ) Why do I ever leave ? I 'm happy when I 'm here . Sad when I 'm gone . Sadness can be useful , too . BOY : Mama ! ( BOY COUGHS ) Easy , puppy . Daddy 's here . ( LAUGHING ) Easy . ( GUNS FIRING ) We 're getting hammered out here ! Where 's our air support ? ( SCREAMING ) We 'II have to take extreme measures to compensate . Take them head on , hit their capital . We should prepare for heavy losses . Press conference in two hours at the front . You 'II announce this . Abner ? I 'II need the Reverend to give the benediction after . Re-engaged ? We 're invading ? But we had peace . You don 't want this . If you invade , there will be no end . There has to be some way you can rescue this . One tank , and he thinks he can fashion history . There 's a Iot of generals there who think differently . They can 't tell you how to move people . You can do that . Talk to Gath face to face . Call out to the Premier directly . You have to try ... Do not presume to tell us what to do . We are King and we do what seems right in mine eye . Say otherwise again , and we will snap your neck right now . And next time you touch my daughter , don 't do it on camera . There would have been a much different picture in the paper this morning if it didn 't come to me first . Captain Shepherd . ( SIGHS ) You and I , we 've had our differences . But on the people , we agree . They 're going to need you . I want you to get on the air . Lead them in a national prayer . Declare a fast . Band them together , Iike the old days . No . I won 't do that . You 're refusing your King ? You are not my King . Not anymore . Not after what you have done . Or do you still want to pretend that I don 't know ? The kidnappings . Those soldiers . The ambush that ended 1 2 lives . That was you . You recalled their air support . You allowed an assault on your own soldiers . You sacrificed your own son . Jack was never supposed to be anywhere near there . They are all your children , Silas . I had to do something . We needed to strike . I couldn 't get the people behind it . I only wanted a chance at peace . And you couldn 't take that , either . I bring a message . Since you have cast aside the word of the Lord , he has cast you aside as King . He grants you no more favors . He protects what you love no Ionger . God wishes a man after his own heart . You have none . He will find another . That 's what he says ? Then to hell with God . You are just a man now , Silas . Try to live like one . For as long as you can . ( HELICOPTER WHIRRING ) What happened ? A Goliath . Took out the entire front . We got hit hard . Where 's eli ? ELI : There he is . How 's the big city ? God , EIi ... Hey , tell me something . How did you know those tanks were going to shoot ? Come on . Don 't make me die before I know . Their tank teams like to use the exhaust stacks to heat up their field rations . They drop the entrees in when they 're idling . You can hear them gun the engines to blow the packs out . They always do it before they shell . So they can have a hot meal in peace while we ... While we had our heads in the sand . ( CHOKING ) ( COUGHING ) Hey , hey . ( SIGHS ) It 's not good out there . It 's going to get worse . I don 't know what to do . Oh , no . You 'II figure something out . You 're always good at fixing things . They 're so much bigger than me there . Bigger than you ? You 're the kid in front of the tank . You 're a hero . ( WHISPERING ) I 'm not what you think I am . I 'm not a hero . That whole picture is a lie . But you stood up to them . When they took that picture , I wasn 't standing up . DAVID : I was surrounded . They had me , so I surrendered . I dropped my gun . My grenade went off . I got a lucky shot in . It wasn ' t even luck . It was stupid . I surrendered . Everyone thinks I ' m brave , but I ' m not . Be brave now . Sir ? You 'd better see this . You want blood ? Come here and take it ! It 's fresh ! Still warm from the life that just left it . The blood of my brother . So , take it ! Take his blood and call it enough ! If you need more , take mine ! Do it ! I surrender ! Shoot me and call that enough ! Or can one of you come down here and show me your face ? Show me that you 're more than tank , metal and shell ! That you 're human like we are . That you breathe . That you bleed . That you feel and feel pity . That you live for more than our deaths . Come ! Any of you who have lost a brother , come and tell me it 's enough ! Lost his mind . Get a gun on him . MAN : Yes , sir . ( ENGINE STARTING ) Hold . Hold . SILAS : We looked into our hearts and found a new opportunity for peaceful dialog and truce . I personally sent Captain Shepherd , our bravest soldier , to extend the offer of mutual surrender to Gath . Where is David Shepherd now ? Captain Shepherd is suffering his own loss today . I hope that you will extend to him the privacy he and his family deserve . Opportunity for peaceful dialog ? What are you going to do about this ? I 'm going to hold peace talks with the Gath leadership at the Vineyard . Shepherd 's stunt was too grand a gesture . My hands are tied . You planned it , the whole thing , didn 't you ? You fed your words to that upstart and sent him out there . Me ? I 'd kill him myself if I could . I hope you 're happy . Silas . You just traded one war for another . At which the King 's brother-in-Iaw came and congratulated him on the truce . Nice to have my own country back , Abner . Yeah . Call the Treasury . Pull the gold . We 'II see how long they cheer for him when they 're starving . Then , we handle Shepherd . Royal Guard ? Palace finest . Are you arresting me ? More like delivering an invitation and a small housewarming gift . Took the liberty of installing it for you . Be seeing you , I suppose , sir . ROSE : And we 'II be receiving the peace negotiators from Gath here at the Vineyard . It 's my proud task to make them all comfortable during these historic talks . THOMASINA : We found it , ma 'am . Your cell phone . ROSE : Lord bless . I lost it days ago . National security disaster . Where was it ? Oh . please , just tell me , for goodness sakes . I have no secrets from the press . Jack 's car , ma 'am . A maid found it in the backseat . It was with this . So , then , I did give it to you , unless this belongs to someone else . ( GASPS ) Oh , Jack . I lose more good secretaries that way . REPORTER : Is that off the record ? Oh , well , go ahead . I owe you one . But please , just promise to make him look rakish . I 'II do my best . WILLIAM : Silas and his time has passed . Being king is a young man 's game , and he 's grown old . This is the time for bold action , and for action , we need to know we have a replacement at the ready . What say you ? ( DOOR OPENING ) There are no words . Your brother was , by all accounts , the kind of man this country was built on . You are free to leave the city . I won 't even try to make you stay . The piano is yours regardless . They really need me back home , but I was thinking I might stay . It feels like the braver thing . It 's what EIi would have done . ROSE : She likes him . You like him , too . Happiness really suits her . ROSE : Hmm . Yes . Oh , it 's embarrassing . I am still a bit in awe of you after all these years . AII you 've accomplished . ( CHUCKLES ) Still accomplishing . Well , I 'II let you work . ( DOOR OPENS ) Be right back . ( PIANO MUSIC PLAYING )
