 ( 4400-S3E10-The Gospel According to Collier ) ( dramatic theme playing ) JORDAN : We 're not a threat . We 're salvation . The world will have to deal with us . NARRATOR : Previously on The 4400 : DIANA : The Canadian border is about 30 miles away . I 'd cross as soon as you can . Ryland will be looking . I didn 't want us to end , Thomas . Ever . I 'll find a way to bring you back . I promise . Ha ! DIANA : April . Surprised ? How 's it going , sibling ? Jordan , you just told me there 's a little girl out there who can see the future , and she saw you dead . Do I stay away from the Center ? I cut myself off ? ( gunshots ) ( crowd screaming ) TOM : Even if you confess , Kyle , he is still going to jail . You try to bury stuff like this , it changes you . We have to get married . It 's the only way we can be sure we 'll never lose each other . JORDAN : Shawn ! Shawn Farrell ! Do you know who I am ? ( indistinct chatter ) Excuse me . Jordan ! TOM : Get out of the way ! Jordan ! Jordan ! TOM : Let me through ! Jordan ! Did you see Jordan Collier come through here ? MAN : No , sir . Long hair , beard . Anyone ? You saw him , right ? Yeah . Look , I want this place secure . No one gets in or out until I say different . TOM : Come on . MAN : All right , guys , let 's look around . ( indistinct chatter ) Guys , we 've been all over the grounds and we can 't find anybody . Are you sure it was Collier ? It was him . He looked right at me . He talked to me . Well , it did look like him , but I only saw him for a second . Well , if he 's on foot , he can 't be far . I think we should call NTAC , get them to sweep the neighborhood . Shawn . What 's going on ? The ceremony was supposed to start 20 minutes ago . Richard , I just saw Jordan . He 's alive . He 's here . What ? Where ? TOM : Shawn . Me and Diana have to get moving . Hey , no , no , no . I 'm coming with you . TOM : What ? I 'm gonna help you find him . Jordan looks different now . I-I got the best view of him . You 're in the middle of your wedding . We 've got a thousand guests here , the media , Isabelle . You 're gonna have to do some damage control . Tell Isabelle that the wedding 's not off , it 's just postponed and I-I 'll come see her as soon as I can . I 'm sorry . Are we ready to go ? Daddy ? What is it ? ( helicopter whirring ) ( door buzzes ) ( dramatic theme playing ) I thought we agreed I don 't want to see you . This couldn 't wait , Kyle . He 's alive . Jordan Collier is alive . I 'm gonna find him , Kyle , and I 'm gonna get you out of here . It 's okay , sweetie . It 's gonna be okay . I just feel so bad for you . I 'll be fine . You don 't need to worry about me . ( door opens ) Shawn . Thank God . What happened ? All the guests are gone . Everybody thinks you walked out . That 's- - It 's okay . I just- - I need to talk to Isabelle for a second , if you don 't mind . So your daddy came home , huh ? Your dad told you about Jordan ? He did . I was really curious as to why I wasn 't getting married . I 'm sorry , Isabelle . I am . It 's- - Jordan 's out there somewhere . I need to find him . And then what ? If he 's alive , what does that mean for you and me ? I 'm not sure . Jordan was dead and now he 's not- - Shawn , is the wedding off or isn 't it ? It 's still gonna happen , just not today . And not until I figure out what 's going on with Jordan . I know Collier means a lot to you , to everyone here . Find him . ( Amanda Abizaid 's " A Place In Time " playing ) ¶ La , la , la , la ¶ ¶ La , la ¶ ¶ La , la ¶ ¶ So long ago ¶ ¶ Another life ¶ ¶ I can feel your heart beat ¶ ¶ It 's not a dream ¶ ¶ Remember us ¶ ¶ I can see it in your eyes ¶ ¶ We 'll find Our place in time ¶ ¶ A place in time ¶ ¶ Beyond the sun ¶ ¶ We 'll find Our place in time ¶ ¶ A place in time To call our own ¶ ¶ La , la ¶ ¶ La , la , la , la ¶ ¶ La , la ¶ ¶ La , la , la , la ¶ APRIL : Di . April , my God , what are you doing here ? I came to see my sister . Tell me , do you have some kind of allergy that keeps you from calling ahead ? I wasn 't sure that was a good idea . If I called , you might have refused to see me . So are you gonna hug your only sister or are you gonna shut the door in my face ? I 'm sorry , I just- - You surprised me , that 's all . I mean , I didn 't even know you were in Seattle . I 'm moving here . Why ? Are you in trouble ? No , I 'm in love . Hm . I know what you 're thinking : " Same difference . " But not this time . This guy 's the keeper . Oh , that 's- - That 's great . I 'm really happy for you . Well , wait till you meet him , which should be any minute now . He 's parking the car . April , I 'm in the middle of something for work . It won 't take long . Just a couple minutes , please . It would mean a lot . I bet you Maia 'd be happy too . MAIA : Aunt April ! Someone 's getting tall . Look at you . You 're like a supermodel . I 'll bet the boys think so too . Maia , this is my friend Ben . I heard a lot about you , young lady . Your aunt says you 're a very special girl . Maybe a little . ( April and Ben laugh ) Sorry , I 'm in a bit of a rush . I actually told April we should have called ahead . See ? Polite . And if you did a body search you wouldn 't find a piercing anywhere . April mentioned that you 're a photographer . Yeah , April and I just got back from India . I was doing a piece on the caste system there . APRIL : It 's all for a show he 's putting on at the Museum of Contemporary Art . Really ? Wow . Well- - Yeah . I spent some time in India when I was a graduate student . We were doing an epidemiology study in the Nilgiri range . APRIL : We were there . DIANA : Well , you are so lucky . It was so beautiful . I used to just wake up early so I could watch the sun come up over the foothills . Yeah , I got some shots of sunrises . Just for my personal collection . But I 'd known you were interested I-I 'd have brought ' em by . I 'd like to see them . I 'll bring ' em by . I 'll look forward to it . But right now I 've really got to rush . Bye . Nice to meet you . You too . Bye . Bye . ( whispering ) : You 're right , he is a keeper . This is a nice place . Collier sure had an eye for real estate . I mean , what , this is the sixth place we 've looked at today ? It must be nice to have that kind of money . Diana , look at this . Someone 's been staying here . SHAWN : Guys . ( dramatic theme playing ) It 's from a soup kitchen downtown . What does the notebook say ? The whole thing 's full . " The city is 1,000 miles wide . The last city . " Walls are 100 feet high . " Nothing grows on the outside anymore , so the people beg to be let in , but nobody listens . " It 's all like this . Is that Collier 's handwriting ? MARCO : This is just preliminary , but I ran the handwriting from the notebook against the sample from Collier 's that you gave me . Now , they don 't look alike at all . I mean , the handwriting from the notebook 's shaky , almost like whoever did it 's sick . But the software says that they 're a probable match . That Jordan wrote this stuff ? I can 't say for sure , but there 's a lab in D.C. that 'll be able to give us a positive identification . But it 's probable , right ? Jordan 's alive ? We don 't know that yet . Yeah , I 'll tell you one thing . If he did write this , he has seen some interesting stuff while he 's been gone . And the whole thing goes on and on about a walled city . You know , a privileged elite lives on the inside , everything else is just a wasteland . Oh , and then the last few pages are just one phrase repeated over and over again . " The war for the future will be fought in the past . " Mommy ? Oh ! You scared me . Sorry . I couldn 't sleep . Oh , well- - Why don 't you come on in ? I 'll make you a- - A bowl of ice cream . Our family 's gonna get bigger now . Oh , sweetie . Don 't get too attached to the idea of your Aunt April living in Seattle . You know how she can be . That 's not it . You 're gonna get married . I saw it . Not too long from now . You look the same when it happens . I 'm getting married ? Isn 't it great ? You 're gonna be so happy . Okay , well , um ... Did you happen to see who the lucky guy was ? Yeah , it was the man we just met . Ben . Maia , you saw me getting married to my sister 's boyfriend ? Mm-hm . But Ben is with Aunt April . I guess they don 't stay together , 'cause you two are gonna get married . You 're gonna have a husband , I 'm gonna have a dad . Isn 't that the best ? ( cell phone ringing ) Hello ? Oh , hey , Tom . No , we 're up . Have you seen this man ? WOMAN : Sure . I volunteer at St. Alban 's Kitchen . These guys brought the sketch by when we were closing up tonight . We bring food down here twice a week . I 've seen him . Are you sure about that ? Positive . I remember him because everyone else lets him go to the front of the line . They get out of his way . I 've never seen that before . But you haven 't seen him today ? Not for a couple weeks . But I always see him eating with Will . Will 's kind of the elder statesman around here . He knows just about everyone . WILL : Yeah , I know him . We all do . The preacher . The preacher ? He never said his real name was Jordan Collier . I thought Collier was dead . Who are you guys , anyway ? We 're from NTAC . We need to find this man . When 's the last time you saw him ? Just now . What ? He 's here ? He 's always here . SHAWN : This is pretty empty . You 're sure he 's back here ? WILL : He never goes anywhere . Okay . Say hello ... to the preacher . ( ominous theme playing ) You made a painting of him ? WILL : Not me personally , but the preacher 's a popular guy . He 's got some amazing stories . The guy claims to have saved the future . People around here , we believe him . ( suspenseful theme playing ) You lied to me , Isabelle . ( rumbling ) ISABELLE : I don 't remember much about being a baby . You and Mom mostly . Vague stuff . I remember Collier . I remember how he made you guys feel , and I remember how I felt when he touched Mom that time . You gave him something to remember that day . Collier was recovering for months . That 's not the only thing I did to him . Right before he died he came to talk to me . I know it sounds weird . I was just a baby , but he wanted me to tell him whether it was safe to go ahead with the party he was planning . I remember . He asked to take you for a walk through the gardens . He wanted power . He wanted acclaim . A name that would live on after he died . So that 's what I showed him . So w-what ? You gave him a vision ? He had the party . He got shot . I didn 't pull the trigger , but , Daddy , I made that happen . If Collier 's back , he knows what I did . What does he want ? Revenge ? We don 't even know whether or not he 's alive . What if he tells Shawn what I did ? ( chuckles ) You sound like you 're scared of Collier . Isabelle , Collier 's a very powerful man , but he is just a man . He was just a man . We don 't know what he is now . MARCO : Guys , I 've got something you need to check out . You know that graffiti mural ? The one that might be Collier ? Well , there 's a national graffiti database . I ran the portrait against it . And ? This preacher guy , he gets around . That one 's from St. Louis . That 's El Paso . Tempe , Arizona ... DIANA : These are from all over the country . If this is Collier , he 's been a very busy man . Might need a shave and a haircut , but he 's still got charisma . He 's got followers everywhere . So what ? He 's traveling around , preaching the gospel of the future ? Are you almost done ? I was gonna make you a snack . Five more minutes . Okay . Did you see Ben today ? You mean , your Aunt April 's boyfriend ? No , I didn 't see him , and I 'm not going to see him . Your antenna is not working right on this one , sweetie . Okay . ( knocking on door ) ( door opens ) BEN : Hi . Um ... Look , I 'm not the type of guy who drops by unannounced all the time , I promise . Okay . But I was in the neighborhood , I didn 't have your phone number . The pictures we talked about . Oh . Thanks . Um , come in . Hi , Maia . Hi , Ben . I need to go to my room and study . You two talk . ( chuckles ) So you gonna open it ? Does that look familiar ? That 's the Nilgiri Hills . Yeah . Listen , this is not gonna happen . Excuse me ? Married ? Are you sure she meant me ? Uh-huh . Well , that can 't happen . I 'm glad you agree . April told me about Maia , what she could do , but she 's wrong here , right ? Oh , she 's gonna be . Okay , um- - I 'm gonna go . And no more visits to bring you pictures . No more visits , period . Okay . Well , it was nice meeting you , and I 'm resolving never to see you again . Yeah , nice to meet you too . Yeah . ( somber theme playing ) ( door buzzes ) Did you kill me ? It 's him . That 's him . That 's Jordan Collier . That 's Jordan Collier ! Tell them I didn 't kill you ! Tell them you 're Jordan Collier ! Tell them ! Tell them you 're Jordan Collier ! Tell them ! ( door closes ) Is that who I am ? TOM : When you went to see Kyle , you signed in as Jeffrey Paulson . Why ? I found a library card in the pocket of my coat , and that 's what it said . I thought- - I thought maybe that was my name . Your name is Jordan Collier . You don 't remember that ? You 're one of the 4400 . Am I ? DIANA : You were shot . You died . Uh-huh . Yes , I saw that in the papers . I thought I looked like that man . You disappeared . Do you have any idea where you 've been ? Everywhere . I have been everywhere . I 've been alive for hundreds of years . Maybe thousands . I couldn 't speak to anyone . I just- - I wandered . No food , no sleep . And I watched it all . I watched the world change , and it just kept getting worse . And the skies filled with smoke , and all the machines stopped working , and the streets and the rivers were filled with bodies . And the dead were everywhere , and the Earth ... cried out , and it- - ( sighs ) It never stopped . The things you 're talking about , they haven 't happened . Not yet , anyway . DIANA : It 's 2006 . It 's been less than a year since you were shot . How could it be ? I 've been wandering for so long . That 's the preliminary DNA report . That man we 're holding is Jordan Collier . Well , at least somebody 's sure of it . I need Collier to remember who he is so he can stand in front of a judge and ask for my son to be freed . But , Tom , this is already a win for Kyle . Collier 's alive . So he serves a term for attempted murder instead of murder ? No , no , no , Diana . That 's not good enough . Look , Collier knows who he is . It 's buried in there somewhere . He showed up at the wedding . He found his way to one of his safe houses . We just need to find a way to help bring it all to the surface . NINA : Tom , I just got off the phone with the National Security Advisor . He wants to schedule a conference call with him , me and the Joint Chiefs of Staff to discuss the fact that Jordan Collier is somehow back from the dead . And you want me to look the other way while Alana Mareva , a fugitive , walks into NTAC and uses her ability on Collier ? She can access his memories . Show him his life . These people in D.C. , they need Collier to remember who he is too , right ? They need answers . This might be the only way to get them . Nina , please . We 're talking about my son . You have a way to get in touch with Alana ? Make the call . ( knocking on door ) I got it , Maia . You just couldn 't stand to see me happy , could you ? April , what are you talking about ? What did you say to Ben ? Huh ? What did you say , Diana ? Nothing , why ? He broke up with me ! You weren 't supposed to break up with her . That 's not why I told you what Maia said . I realize that . But you have to understand , a precog just told me that I was with the wrong person . And if you know you 're with the wrong person , why stay with them ? I don 't know , maybe because you love them . I do love April . At least I thought I did . You know , I can 't believe how casual you can be with all this . Maybe it 's because you live with a 4400 , but someone just told me that I met the person , the woman , that I 'm supposed to be with ... and I can 't ignore it . You know what ? You can tell me the truth . When you look at me , do you feel anything at all ? An attraction ? An inkling of an attraction ? ( tender theme playing ) Yes , I do . You asked for the truth , so yes , I do . And if I met you under different circumstances , I 'd- - I 'd wanna see you again . Yeah . Me too . But it doesn 't matter , we can 't do it . Yeah , I know . I 'm gonna take my sister 's stuff and go . But wouldn 't it be something if we were giving up our shot at happiness ? Hello , Thomas . You cut your hair . I can 't believe you 're here . Thank you for doing this . For Kyle , I 'll do anything , you know that . Besides , I 've missed you . Are you ready ? You don 't have to do anything . Just shut your eyes and relax . You won 't feel anything , I promise . ( mystical theme playing ) My name 's Jordan Collier . If I could stay here for a while- - You 're one of the 4400 . That baby could be the key to the future . Peter has all the time in the world . Hi , Peter . My name 's Jordan Collier . Hello , Richard . Welcome to the revolution . ( gunshots ) Collier , are you all right ? My name is Jordan Collier . I know why they sent us back . I saw the catastrophe , and I know what we have to do to stop it . TOM : You say you have all these answers . Tell us what they are and then we can talk about letting you out of here . You 'll learn what I know when everyone else does . When will that be ? As soon as I 'm free , you and the world will know what I know . And what if we hold you indefinitely ? I 've grown accustomed to waiting . Yeah , well , I can 't . My son is in prison . You 're the only one who can get him out . Then you want me released as badly as I do . Your son Kyle is innocent . He is a pawn , and I will say that to whomever you want the moment I am a free man . TOM : I can 't believe this , Nina . My son could be one court appearance away from freedom and you 're refusing to let Collier testify on his behalf ? I 'm not refusing , the Pentagon is . Their official position is Collier 's not even back . Come on , Nina . They can 't honestly believe that they can squash this . Well , they 're gonna try . Look , Collier 's return changes everything . We 're not just talking about galvanizing the 4400 . There are religious groups all over the world who would consider him the messiah . No matter what he says , no matter how crazy it is , people are going to listen . So maybe we should find out what 's on his mind before we stick him in front of microphones . And what if we don 't like what he has to say ? We stick him in the basement , pretend this never happened ? I don 't think that 's gonna be your decision . I 'd be surprised if Collier 's not transferred out of here by this time tomorrow . They should be here by now . You sure you 're okay ? I- - I will be . When I touched Collier , those things I saw , they weren 't only from his past . There were other images too . Terrible ones . It was like a nightmare . I don 't know how Collier lived through it and stayed sane . I don 't wanna leave you , Thomas . I don 't wanna go on the run again . Well , maybe you don 't have to . What you did today , it helped NTAC . If I tell them they can have access to your ability , maybe they 'll drop the charges against you . I 'd never hurt the 4400s . I know , I know . Maybe we can work it so you don 't have to , okay ? ( door opens ) SHAWN : Uncle Tom . Wait right here . SHAWN : What the hell 's going on ? I didn 't help find Jordan so you could lock him away . Shawn , they 're scared . This is how the government reacts when it 's scared . You know , if we wanted we could take him . If we set our minds to it , we can get into NTAC and there won 't be anything you can do to stop us . You may be right . But there might be another way . Here . That 's a still from a security camera at NTAC . It was taken this afternoon . You show it to everyone . You let the world know that Collier 's back . Thank you . Yeah . ( Dido 's " Life For Rent " playing over speaker ) ¶ I haven 't really ever found A place that I call home ¶ ¶ I never stick around Quite long enough to make it ¶ ¶ I apologize that once again I 'm not in love ¶ ¶ But it 's not as if I mind ¶ ¶ That your heart Ain 't exactly breaking ¶ ¶ It 's just a thought Only a thought ... ¶ Wagon Wheels . You know , I used to live on those things in college . Ben , what are you doing here ? I eat too . ( both chuckle nervously ) So , what do you think ? Coincidence , or is this thing gonna happen whether we try to stop it or not ? Well , normally , I 'd give you a lecture about free will right now , but I have to admit , it might sound a little hollow . Well , we 're both here , both shopping . Wanna join forces ? ¶ It 's just a thought Only a thought ¶ ¶ If my life is for rent ¶ ¶ And I don 't learn to buy ¶ ¶ Well , I deserve Nothing more than I get ¶ ¶ ' Cause nothing I have Is truly mine ... ¶ DIANA : - -loved doing the final project . BEN : Let me guess , faces of the elderly ? Red lights . Every time I 'd stop at a red light I 'd take a picture . Mm-hm . You know , you have to- - To study these intersections that you never really noticed . Like the stores , the people , the garbage cans , Hm . everything . That 's very creative . You 're just screwing around . No , I would like to see them . Okay , yeah . I think I 've got ' em somewhere . No , wait . What ? We can 't do this . We just did . That was a date , and that was a pretty good one . No , it wasn 't . It was nice , but it wasn 't a date . Then why do I feel like doing this ? You 've got to admit that was nice too . Can I see you again ? ¶ Well , I deserve Nothing more than I get ¶ CROWD ( chanting on TV ) : Free Collier now . Free Collier now . Anyone else feel like it 's Bastille Day ? Well , it does feel like the start of something . We have got to let him go . It 's either that or bring in troops . And we won 't just be reading the riot act to 4400s . There 's clergy out there . Citizens . Look , we can 't just sit on this . If Collier is some kind of messiah , he needs to be free . DIANA : If he 's not , letting him out is still the right move . It will give him enough rope to hang himself . I 'll call D.C. , but they 're gonna want to know how those people got their hands on a picture of Collier . Any idea what I should tell them ? Yeah , tell them it 's hard to cover up a resurrection . CROWD ( over TV ) : Free Collier now . Free Collier now . ( dramatic theme playing ) CROWD ( chanting ) : Free Collier now . Free Collier now . MAN : Stay back . It 's you . Welcome back , Jordan . Thank you for keeping the Center alive while I was gone . Richard , glad to see you 're still with us . You 'll have an important role to play . I stand here , and I see the future . Forty-four hundreds and non-4400s working hand in hand toward a common goal . Saving humanity is no longer the exclusive province of the 4400 . Each and every one of you will have work to do . And the work starts now . We 're going to the courthouse . There is an innocent man who needs to be freed . ( indistinct chatter ) WOMAN : Look , just get those people away from this building . You 're impeding the business of my court . They won 't leave until you listen to what I have to say . I hereby withdraw any and all charges against Kyle Baldwin for my alleged murder . Well , Mr. Baldwin still assaulted two federal agents . Now , he fired a high-powered weapon into a crowd of people , and he admitted it all in a detailed confession . My son has been in jail for months . He 's a first-time offender . You could release him with time served . Those people out there , they listen to me . They will be back everyday until this man 's son goes free . Well , these are highly unusual circumstances , I 'll grant you both that . Perhaps we can revisit the murder plea . Do . Quickly . Thank you . ( pop music playing over speaker ) ( inaudible dialogue ) Thought you didn 't wanna see me . Oh , I-I don 't . I wanna see your pictures . ( chuckling ) : Oh . Well , okay . So I knew you 'd be here . Then why 'd you come ? I guess I 've been thinking about the grocery store , and I thought it was a good date too . It just didn 't end right . Okay . ( chuckles ) Then how should it have ended ? ( cartoon music playing over TV ) Hi , Mommy . Hi . Where you been , Di ? DIANA : Nowhere , I just ... had to work late . ( tender theme playing ) I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry . Don 't apologize . Those things you saw in me- - Pride , ambition , vanity . - -they were there . I had to die to lose them . I 've done bad things , and I 'm supposed to do more . I know . And I 'm trying not to . Tell me what to do . I 'll do anything . Leave . Leave the 4400 Center and never come back . Nothing you can do will change what you are , Isabelle . You are the enemy of the 4400 . The enemy of everything that is good . And that part of you that is human ... it is much smaller than the part of you that 's not and your struggle to keep it alive will fail . No , no . I have a choice . Others might , not you . If that 's true , if we 're enemies , then why shouldn 't I just kill you right now ? You 're welcome to try , but it won 't work . I 'm ready for you this time . This place is mine again . And you 're not welcome here . Goodbye , Isabelle . ( dramatic theme playing ) ( dramatic theme playing )
