 SILAS : Previously on Kings ... Do you hate the idea of peace , or just the lost opportunity of more profit ? It doesn 't matter why I want the war to continue . Only that I do . Is it that sad in you , William ? I don 't know why you think he deserves special treatment . I was hoping to see Michelle there . She 's the Princess . If she wanted you there , you 'd be there . Wait , I 'm sorry , I can 't . I 'm promised to someone else . ELI : You saved the King 's son . He 's a cocker spaniel . That cocker spaniel just got the best post in the military . I see the way your father looks at him . AII it takes is one wedding and he can make of the pair of you a king and queen . No one wants your crown . Not yet . ( WINDOW RATTLING ) MAN : Sir . Sir . Sir , may I help you ? SILAS : The days of confusion are behind me . I know the smell of omen . I knew it once better and feared to never have it again . Perhaps no Ionger withheld . Perhaps forgiven . Acacia is a portent of change , of death and resurrection . Death ? And rebirth . Beginnings on the heels of ending . Change comes from inside the hearth , those you love to be its agents . Who ? If God has , indeed , resumed conversation with you , there will be more signs . Let them guide you . And if those signs guide me to your door ? It will be open . Forgive the interruption . A visitor . Send them off . An Ambassador of Gath , sir . I come with a message from my Premier . Asking our new friend a favor . We need your help . A fool 's errand , to benefit Gath at our risk . We should refuse . Is what Gath says true ? Are they so close to the brink ? The claim bears out . Gath nears crisis . SILAS : A crisis which we might then inherit . JACK : Sir , if I may . Venturing into Gath as they ask has its dangers , but nothing is as dangerous as inaction . We have to do what we can to secure the peace . We 'II send a team . I volunteer to lead . As your son , my involvement gives weight to our commitment . Those you love . You go , you succeed , you return . And take Captain Shepherd with you . He has a knack for these sort of things . MALE REPORTER : The citizens of Port Prosperity seem concerned about the handover . DAVID : Yes . There have been some negative responses to the treaty . That 's why King Silas sent us , to reassure you that a few angry voices do not speak for the whole . We remain committed to the peace . WOMAN ON TV : Representatives of Gilboa were sent on a diplomatic mission today to reassure the people of Gath that the peace process will continue as promised . Despite recent protests in Gilboa , King Silas intends to return ... ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) ABNER : All clear . We ' re cleared to proceed . Where are we going ? The press conference was our cover . You 're here with the King 's Own under my command . Put these on and follow orders . Welcome to the real mission . We 're supposed to be on a diplomatic tour . We are ordered to head deep into Gath and eliminate an insurgent known as Belial covertly on the order of our King and at the request of the Premier of Gath . Wake up , Shepherd . This is diplomacy . Quickly now , and with good cheer . The great day approaches . Why the rush ? Father 's birthday is days away . ( CHUCKLING ) Days in which a thousand things go wrong unless managed with attention . I could make do with some of yours . I have an appointment at the hospital . We 're surveying the impact of the new health care plan . We 're changing lives . Ah . A good time to call it a victory and find yourself a new preoccupation . I Iove my work . Couldn 't you find yourself something more ... Well , less noble ? GATH GUIDE : The insurgents have a heavily guarded camp deep in these woods . Our mission is to isolate Belial and kill him . Men ? Stealth approach . Precision kill , back by morning . Sound good ? Don 't underestimate him . Your country and mine fought viciously , but always with honor . Rules of engagement respected . This one targets civilians . Then why hasn 't Gath taken out Belial ? He has spies in our government . He knows our every move before we make it . The four of us against an armed encampment ? Three of us . We have training and experience . You were just the diversion mandated by my father , Silas . I 've been in combat before , Jack . Remember yourself , Captain . On this mission , I am not your friend . I am your commanding officer . Better than King . Is that clear ? Yes , sir . DR. VERA : As you can see , we have more patients than beds . Your bill forced insurance companies to fund testing . AII crammed in the hallway . Can 't they be sent to another facility ? Every hospital in Shiloh is at capacity . Your pet health care bill has created more problems than it solved . It was supposed to make people 's lives easier , not more difficult . Easier , no , but better . Many of these people would have been turned away before . We 're catching things we would have missed . We have two people in isolation because of your new protocols . You mean quarantine ? It 's precautionary , but a month ago , it would have slipped through the cracks . Mother and son . They came in this morning . Normally , we 'd dismiss their symptoms as flu , but now ... We were able to run a disease panel . And did you find anything ? The Minister of Health doesn 't want to incite panic . However , preliminary results indicate similarities to the disease currently in Sidon . But that 's Araunah plague . People are dying in Sidon . As she said , we 're still running tests . ( CLICKING ) Don 't move . S-mine . You step off , we all die . Back off . slowly . SILAS : Our men make advances . Boys brushing their baby teeth , young and inexperienced . We were boys , our first mission . South Fork . You were insufferable . Cocky . Stubborn . Raiding the rations . Lucky you were there . Wasn 't the Iast time I saved your life . ( DOOR OPENING ) Oh , but who 's counting , huh ? We need words with the King . Oh , it starts with words . Ends with my day shot to hell . Hmm . I fear we only burden the King 's ear . He hides the threat of plague on our soil , in our city . plague ? Consider your words . I witnessed a mother and child in quarantine , hidden away without notice . Necessary precautions . Measures already taken to prevent further contamination , should the worst , not yet confirmed nor expected to be so , be so . Take us through the day if it is . Highly contagious and always fatal , no vaccine or cure . The disease is only communicable for 1 2 hours , but if these two came in contact with others before we isolated them , within 1 2 hours , two cases become 20 . Twenty become thousands . Can it be stanched ? A logistical impossibility . Without quarantining the entire city ... Beyond imagination , without knowing for certain . Know for certain , and soon . No logistics are impossible for the King . No measures are too inconvenient . At least let the people know . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) GATH GUIDE : Our intel places the encampment down here at the base of the valley , just past that bridge . Prepare to move . Northeast , under the bridge . Are you saying Belial 's camp is at the base of the valley ? That 's where we tracked him . Wouldn 't they have seen our approach from the hill ? I 'm in command here . Prepare an over-watch position and keep us out of trouble . I 'II head in . Shepherd , you 're with me . Eyes . COMMANDO : Clear a path . Bridge is clear . And ... Go ! ( RADIO CRACKLES ) COMMANDO : One ace on bridge . Eagle approaching . JACK : Don 't move . COMMANDO : Ace is out of range . You 're good to go . Bridge is secure . We ' re clear . Move forward . ( GUNS FIRING ) COMMANDO : Hold . Moving on the north . Son of a ... Shooters on the high ground ! It 's an ambush ! We 'II flank them ! Move it up to the bank ! ( GUNS FIRING ) Look left ! MAN 1 : They 're moving . MAN 2 : One on the Ieft . Go , go ! Coming in behind ! ( SCREAMS ) ( GROANING ) A list of everyone they came in contact with . It 's small , so there 's hope . I 'II get it to the Ministry . Where is the boy 's mother ? She died an hour ago . So , what did you tell him ? So he 's just waiting for his mother ? But he 's dying . Someone should be with him . At this point , we 're just trying to save the living . ( PAGER BEEPING ) Excuse me . ( DOOR OPENING ) It 's okay . I 'm here . What 's your name ? Corey . It 's nice to meet you , Corey . I 'm Michelle . You look familiar . I get that a Iot . JACK : Someone must have tipped off Belial 's men . Someone who knew we were coming . We should call in for help . No . We have a mission to complete . The mission is over , sir . ( SIGHING ) Then I 'II go alone . You go with him . I 'II find my own way back . Sir , we have news . Tests confirm it is plague , with another case brought in . plague on my house . Death and endings . Bring everyone in . JACK : Target sighted . We have Belial . DAVID : How do we get to him ? JACK : I 'II grab his man . Switch clothes . I can do it . ( MEN CLAMORING ) ( INDISTINCT SHOUTING ) Wait . Wait . He deserves to die . He 's not the one killing innocent people . We are . Weapons from our army . Someone on our side has been arming Belial . We need to find out who . We can 't kill him . Not yet . ( COUGHING ) Oh , it 's okay . It 's okay . Do you know where my mom is ? She 's waiting for you . As soon as you get out of here , she 'II be the first person you see . Your daughter takes chances with her life as if it wasn 't hard won . And now , we suffer . She can 't be mother to them all . Damn her ! I 'm sorry , sir . She went in before we could stop her . Get her out now . The boy carries plague . She 's already been exposed . We have to assume she 's infected . We open that door now , we open the door to 1 000 more cases of plague by the morning . ( VOICE ECHOING ) The virus can only be passed on to new hosts ... ( ECHOING ) To new hosts ... You 'd hold ... My daughter is right . I 'II shut down the entire city . ( PHONE RINGING ) Twelve hours ! What else ? Crowd control is a problem . The police are stretched beyond capacity . Panic turns crowds into mobs . No . Confrontation turns crowds into corpses . Make do with civilian resources . Any news of Jack ? ( SOFTLY ) No . I thought you 'd be on your jet to the Calsays . I take no joy watching this city become a graveyard . Oh , of course not . There 's no profit in the dead , huh ? Today may be the day to set aside differences . Let me offer my best scientists , researchers , doctors , open up CrossGen hospitals to the public , free of charge . And I 'II accept . JACK : On your knees . ( BELIAL GROANING ) The woods are crawling with Belial 's men . We 'II wait here until they pass . ( PANTING ) We need a vehicle . We passed a farm a while back . If I 'm not back in an hour , don 't wait for me . Come here ! ( GRUNTS ) ( PANTING ) I Iike doing this in a chair . Huh . So they sent a prince for me . It 's quite an honor . I also , um ... I also like coins . ( CHUCKLING ) A roll of them right along the life line . ( SNIFFING ) I used to argue with one of my men about what was the best denomination for the job . But your men just killed him . ( CHUCKLES ) ( GRUNTING ) The weapons . They came from my country . Stolen ? Given ? How ? I 'm not going to tell you anything . Good . ( GRUNTING ) SILAS : More signs come . Each of them black . Yesterday , I was filled with joy , today , with fear that he speaks only to say terrible things . You assume God sent this plague ? Who else ? The plague . A pestilence that threatens to consume the nation that we built . My only daughter openly exposed to it . My son ? Lost behind enemy lines . My family , my people at risk . He tests me beyond endurance . And yet , you are here . You answered the call . This Silas , I know . I will protect my city with your help . I need 1 2 hours of curfew . Twelve hours of locked doors and windows shut down , each to his home . Every soul in compliance . Twelve hours . AII that I can . Every resource I wield works towards this end . plague is an outward sign of inward disease . You have poison in the body . To be rid of it , you must cut off the bitten limb . This is a warning , Silas , of someone close for whom light fails . ( PANTING ) There were two brothers , Cain and Abel . God 's first grandchildren . And the wicked one killed the innocent one because of jealousy . But he became the father of mankind . So ... Beneath the veneer of civility , we 're all children of Cain . The war is over , in case you haven 't heard . No war will ever end as long as there are those who make a profit from it . Is that how you got your weapons ? Someone who profits from both countries being at war ? I use him as he uses me . He wants me to destroy the government of Gath . I will . Then , I 'II turn against yours . And out of this chaos , something new and beautiful will be born . And how many have to die to give birth to your Utopia ? As many as it takes for us to become united . We are brothers , all . Even you and him . ( GROANS ) He 's not my brother . He may well be one day . ( CHOKING ) ( DOOR OPENING ) Jack , what are you doing ? Stay outside ! Give me a name ! Get off him . ( GRUNTING ) Who are you to even talk to me ? Perhaps brothers after all . We must sacrifice tonight so that tomorrow ... So that there is a tomorrow . SAMUELS : We ask you to leave your places of work and go to your homes . We ask you to close your doors to the world . Do not open them until the sun rises . Light a candle in your window , a sign to your neighbor that we stand together , even as we stand apart . If we act as one , the Angel of Death cannot single us out . She will pass over our doors , and we will be spared . I have no fear because tonight , my faith is not in God , but in you . ABNER : Surely you can 't expect them all to obey . Someone will run into the street and spread death . I have faith in my people . Sir , the prince and Shepherd have resumed contact . They lost two men , but they are unharmed and approach the border . And what of Gath 's problem , Belial ? They have him . alive ? The discovered a cache of Gilboan issue weapons . They believe someone from our country has been arming his Brotherhood . Send rescue teams to the border . Then , go home . Poison in the body . William ? Your brother-in-Iaw just offered aid during our time of need . He 's always been an open enemy to peace , and if this plague was sent to make a King pay attention , attention must be paid . Treachery will be rooted out and punished . Let me . He 'II dream his last tonight . First , bring me proof that it is him and him alone . You thought you saved my Iife when I was taken hostage , but you destroyed it . Had I died at Gath 's hand , I would have been a hero . You should have left me to die . Then , the Kingdom would never know you existed . I 'm not your enemy . Enemies , I understand . You ... I don 't know what you are . I 'm part of this mission , Jack . Let 's go home . The streets were empty when I came home . I had hoped you 'd be with Michelle . AII those times you sat by her bedside ... She needed you . She 's never needed me , not the same way . Every child longs for its mother . To sit and watch her slip away ? I didn 't have it then . I don 't have it now . I ... I can save them . Save them all . Michelle , Jack , Shiloh . A diseased limb needs to be severed so that the body may heal itself . Then , cut . The price will be steep , for you more than most . One sibling sacrificed to save two . For them , cut . Then , cut again . You cut until there is nothing left but my children , alive . Let your daughter hear those words . ( COREY MURMURS ) Mom . MICHELLE : I 'm here . When are we leaving ? Soon , sweetie . Very soon . I can 't see . Go back to sleep . Mom ? I 'm here . It 's okay . Try to sleep . ( SINGING ) May your eyes close with the moon May they open again soon So , sleep on with no fear , love ( MACHINE BEEPING CONTINUOUSLY ) Your mother is here Your mother is here ( MICHELLE SNIFFLING ) William Cross , General Malek . It appears he 's enlisted Gath in his plot against you . How does one kill his own family ? Brother to his wife , uncle to his children . With joy . He 's a traitor . Make it fast . clean . Do not let one drop of his poisoned blood touch this earth . Must be a wind . Must be . Make sure they shut down all checkpoints . Shoot any vehicle that attempts to cross over . DAVID : The border is just ahead . JACK : Yeah . Thank God . We made it home . Why is Gilboa aiming at us ? COMMANDER : Stand back or we 'II fire ! They must think we 're the enemy . Get down ! ( GUNS FIRING ) Get out ! Move ! ( GRUNTING ) Hold your fire ! Stand down ! It 's the prince ! ABNER : Termination order has been given . Cross will be found dead within the hour , if not already . Made to look by his own hand . I slaved to bring this city to life , and now , it 's as quiet as death . We 'II soon know which way falls the balance . I wish I shared your faith . I don 't believe in signs . And me ? Do you believe in me ? Yes , sir . I see you strong before me . You do ? I stayed the order . Sir ? William lives and will continue to . You do not get to pass the blame on this . I pray for signs and when I get them , I am grateful . But this sign ... This ... I prayed to not be true . Your treachery , for which our country must pay the price . You think I caused this plague ? You are the plague . You 've sold us to the enemy . After 30 years by my side , why ? You 've lost your way , become weak . Ever since that Shepherd boy came and waved a white flag . Is peace so threatening ? I am a warrior . You took my war . I would rather fall on my sword than lay it down . No . You 'II fall on mine . ( GROANS ) ( EXHALES ) ( CLATTERING ) You venture outside . Twelve hours passed , sir . It 's over . HANSON : It worked . The plague is gone , and those infected gone with it . But your people did as asked , down to the Iast . So , we count 10 lost . Ten and not 10 million . Only those who came in contact with our patients without knowing . AII passed in their homes , sacrificing themselves for their neighbors . What news of my daughter ? ( SIGHS ) I 'm proud of you . Both of you . You truly are the King 's Own . I never would have thought Abner . I 'm sorry , Father . I know he was your friend . A King has no friends . He has , if he 's lucky , his family . Trust each other with your lives as I now entrust you with mine . Brotherhood . Pray for your sister . Then go home , rest . You 've made your first true kill . No easy thing . It changes the color of your blood , paints your conscience . You did that for me . I tell myself I had no choice . There 's always a choice . You don 't owe me anything . Words don 't settle debt . ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING )
