 Excellent . Oh ? Oh . So , you want a piece of me ? Is there anything you don 't play with ? Um ... No . Lift the point . Off the floor . Sorry . Put it down , put it down . Yes . Gently . Blade up . What ? Blade up . Thank you . Sorry , sorry , sorry . Sorry , Artie . That is really cool . Thank you . We try . You made this ? In record time , too . With the help of things . This is a copy of the finest samurai sword ever forged . The Honjo Masamune , owned by the ruling family of Japan for centuries before it disappeared . The real one , unearthed a few weeks ago . Dig site in Okinawa . The real one . Which does what ? Which will arrive in D.C. First thing in the morning in order to be presented as a gift to the President , but it 's not gonna happen , because you two are gonna intercept it at the Japanese embassy . That wasn 't what I meant . No , I know what you meant , but you 've gotta pack and you 've gotta catch a plane and it really doesn 't matter , does it , what the real sword does , because you remember , snag it , bag it and tag it . Well ... Get snagging , bagging and tagging . You 're off to swap a Masamune for an Artie Nielsen . What ... Get out . Okay . Too many questions . It was never boring working with you people . Back and forth , back and forth . One day your government wants me , the next , I 'm a crackpot . Your own partner said to me , " Never again . " Even then I knew . One day , one of you would be back to place an order . Huh ? That better be cash , American credit ain 't what it used to be . Hey , what 's that ? Another gadget for me to tinker with ? Wait . I did what you asked ! Lots of eyes to make the switch here . I guess night 's our only option . White House won 't be any easier . I 'd feel a lot more comfortable doing it before it gets anywhere near the President . It 's ridiculous that we don 't know what we 're protecting him from , but typical Artie . I mean , I understand grabbing an artifact before it causes trouble , but he couldn 't spare two seconds to warn us about what we 're walking into ? Look , I 'm sure if it were really dangerous , Artie would have told us . Let 's go , let 's go . Wait , wait , wait , go ... Go back , go back . What exactly happened there ? You tell us , Artie , okay , because the Japanese sure as hell don 't know . They 're testing for everything , from dirty bombs to gas leaks . They won 't let us in the room . They 're holding us in the lobby . They 're treating us like suspects . Suspects ? Why ? Did you have the decoy sword with you ? No , but they 're not even looking for the sword , Artie . They 're not even sure whether or not it was taken . Okay , that makes no sense to me whatsoever . I mean , either it 's gone or it 's not gone . You said you saw somebody leaving . Did he have it ? I don 't know , okay ? 'Cause I was about two seconds away from passing out . Yeah , but what did this guy look like ? Not female . Look , Artie , my Japanese sucks , but it sounds to me as if they think that the sword was vaporized or something . What do you mean vaporized ? What do you mean , by the bomb ? There was no bomb , Artie . Nothing blew up . There was no victims that were brought out or dead bodies or ... There was nothing . I don 't understand . Nothing blew up ? That 's the weird part . It was like a bomb , only backwards , okay ? Instead of blowing out , it yanked everything in . Implosion ? Artie ? Artie ? Did the sword do this ? And if it did , can I reconsider this mission ? It didn 't . And what you have to do is you have to get in that room and tell me exactly what you see . That 's a look I don 't know . It 's called the past rearing its ugly head . So , in other words , the sword didn 't do whatever happened at the embassy . But you know what did . Oh , God , I hope not . Artie , where are you going ? Don 't know that yet . But first I have to ... Pete . Yeah . Here we go . Round two with Mr. Congeniality . Mr. Ogawa , look , we 've answered all your questions , and now we have a few for you . Actually , Agent Bering , I have one more . Why does the Secret Service need to send two different units to inspect the same gift ? Two different ... I 'm quite certain that they will have the same question . On the QT is one thing , but you 're tramping through my backyard , literally tripping over my agents , and you don 't even give me a heads-up ? We have explicit instructions not to contact you anymore . Artie Nielsen . Look , it 's not like we can 't have coffee now and then . We just can 't have you on speed dial . Look , I get it . For better or for worse , and I happen to think worse , you two are serving a new master . This isn 't your screw-up . It was his . It 's just that he doesn 't really play well with others , so much . So , this security officer , Ogawa , Japanese embassy . He 's waiting for my explanation of what you were doing , and if you had anything to do with whatever the hell that was . Any suggestions what I 'm supposed to tell him ? All right , do me one favor . Get on a plane and leave D.C. While I can still let you . Can I at least have that ? Be out of here as soon as possible . I don 't think this is what Dickinson had in mind . Well , what are we gonna do ? We 've got to get into that room . You know , a room that 's losing evidence as we speak . I know . It 's just I thought coming back to D. C. Would feel like old home week or something . Home is overrated . God ! What are you doing here ? Uncool , Artie . Uncool , Artie . I had a hunch about something from Pete 's description . I just need to see this with my own eyes . You two have a plan to get in there ? Yes . We 're gonna crawl ... There 's an access panel under the motion sensors on our belly on the roof . We go in through ... What ? Please , ladies first . No , you know what ? You ... You be the smart one this time . Okay , get this . There 's an access panel on the roof . It 'll bring us in right above the main wiring for the security system . Now , if we crawl on our bellies , we can avoid the motion sensors ... What do you mean , " This time " ? All right , I get the idea . If I may ... Well , I didn 't ... Put these on . Really , or you 'll be of no use to me . Let 's go . I 'm going to look like Kermit the Frog . God , Artie , stop doing that ! I 've gotta tell you , Myka , those really bring out your eyes . This is a 14th-century Chinese firework known as an Ice Flower . Very few ... Very few like it left . Now ... Do not tell Mrs. Frederic that I did this , all right ? All right , we 've got about 10 minutes , more or less . Let 's go . The light pattern triggers a feedback loop in the optic nerve that mesmerizes the viewer . They won 't remember a thing . Whoa , Freaky McFreakerson ! So , it 's some sort of reverse chemical reaction ? Yeah . Okay . Take these off , just don 't look directly through the window . This was made by an implosion grenade . It removes matter from the center of a space and pulls everything , obviously everything , directly towards it with a violent force . This explains why they couldn 't find the sword . It could be in there . Oh , no , no , no , no . No . The sword , long gone . Stolen . This was used by the thief as a cover . So the guy that I saw ... Yeah , the guy you kind of saw ? The guy that I saw leaving must have stolen the sword and hidden in this room over here when he set off the bomb . I collected these grenades years ago . Every last one of them . I know I did . So wait , whoever stole the sword has other things that belong in the Warehouse , which would mean that we have competition . I don 't know . Artie , just how long is this list of things we don 't know ? I don 't know . About twice as long as the list of things that I don 't know about , all right ? Well , who else would have these implosion grenades , Artie ? I mean , if you collected them all ? Well , whoever it is , if he 's willing to use this to cover his tracks , then it 's somebody that 's ... What 's a darker word for dangerous ? If he did this to steal the sword , he 'd have no trouble killing anyone who got in his way . Oh , none at all . None at all . Next time , don 't get a suite , just a room . Okay , the lead here is the implosion grenade . We find out who had one of those , and then we find out who has the sword . Okay , let me just ... What , is there a listing for implosion grenades ? Those were the days . Artie , we 've got Wi-Fi . No , no , no , I like paper . Actually , I hate paper , but , you know , it 's a security issue ... Okay , Artie , enough . You have to fill us in , okay ? If the competition used an implosion grenade to steal the sword , then what the hell does this sword do ? Yeah , I mean , it must be pretty major , right ? You don 't drop a nuclear bomb to steal a butter knife . Exactly . Okay , you want to know about the sword ? I 'll tell you about the sword . The Honjo Masamune is much , much more than a dull knife . It kept the ruling shogunate in power for hundreds of years by making them invincible in battle . And the beauty is the way these things were forged . I mean , ritually . Hammered and folded the blade , millions of layers of steel with a carbon content that 's right off the charts . And each layer only atoms , atoms thick . I mean , this sword is said to be perfectly aligned . So , what does it do ? Yeah . Okay . You know how geese fly in a V formation , and the wind hits the first bird and then splits and then keeps on splitting wider and wider ... Right , sure , of course . ... with each successive bird . 'Cause it makes it easier for the birds to fly that way . Good , so what does the sword do ? The blade in this particular sword is said to be so perfect that light splits in its path and goes around the person holding it . Are we talking about invisibility ? Well , kind of , in effect . No , the person 's still there , although , you know , the light that we see doesn 't hit ... Yes , invisibility . Awesome . I knew ! I knew that was possible . I knew it . Okay , invisible swords now . Hey , Artie , these are the same sword , right ? Yeah . They don 't match . What ? Well , you see the disc thing that 's attached to the grip , well , it 's in the painting , but it 's not in the sword from the dig site . It 's missing its tsuba . This piece right here is called the tsuba . It 's actually a collectible in its own right , you know , separate from the sword , but this is missing its tsuba . Then the sword might not even work . And if it doesn 't , the guy 's gonna come looking for it . We are in a race . We 're in a race . You two have to find what happened to that tsuba , and fast . Artie , we 're looking for a 500-year-old sword . Eight-hundred , exactly , so it should be easy . You guys follow the tsuba , I will follow the implosion grenade , and one of us will find the thief . But wait , I mean , where are you going ? Well , somebody is making new grenades , somebody who promised not to . Again he doesn 't answer . And no goodbye . This is impossible . Well , keep at it , though . You 're the smart one . What are you doing What ? What are you doing ? Nothing . You 're doing great . Hello ? Leena , hey . Hey , is Claudia there ? Okay , she won 't be able to find it either . Claudia 's out . It 's just me . Okay , well , you 'll do . Flattered . Sorry . Listen , Leena , you know that 800-year-old sword that we were swapping out ? Well , it turns out a piece of it has come up missing , so if you were standing next to Artie , all right , and he was looking for this thing , what would he be doing ? Artie did say that the sword was from the Edo period , so instead of trying to track it forward from the past , just find it in the present . Identify any collectors that deal in that period and then try and find as much information as you can on any sales or transactions of those pieces . Right . Right . Right . Since you 're right there , do you think that maybe you could ... Give me a minute , Pete . One point , Lattimer . Thank you . Hello ? Hello ? Hello ? You should have kept your promises , Erik . The tsuba , did you find it ? Well ... Well , it wasn 't easy . Yeah , it took some digging , but it turns out an antiques dealer had it in Tokyo in the 1920s . Now it 's here in Washington . Artie , it 's at the Secret Service . The ... What the hell 's it doing there ? Well , the Japanese government presented it in the 1920s to Woodrow Wilson as a symbol of peace . Guess that didn 't work out so well . And the curator at the Wilson Museum of Peace made the connection a couple days ago and offered it to be united with the sword at the gift ceremony . But freaky explosions tend to put the kibosh on ceremony , so it 's going back to the museum in the morning . The sword and the tsuba in D.C. At the same time ? No , no , no . That 's too much ... Too much coincidence . Well , Artie , we 're sitting on the Secret Service building , but look , if this thief is coming to get the tsuba , we have to warn Dickinson . No , no , absolutely not . Well , Artie , you saw what this guy 's willing to do . Yeah , and so did you , and imagine what he 's capable of with the sword . No , no , no , this thief is ruthless and smart . So if you warn the Secret Service and they do anything out of the ordinary , anything at all , then he will be tipped off . So you want to use him as bait . No , Artie , no . Hey , hey , hey , this is not a discussion . When I ... Hello ? Artie ? Artie ? Artie ? James . Okay , I think I know who this is , and I 've gotta go . Tail the agents , grab the tsuba , watch out for implosion grenades . Goodbye . Your agents , Bering and Lattimer , are compromised . Not possible . I ran a background check on Arthur Nielsen . Where 'd you get this information ? I have my sources . Same as you do . I don 't see how any of this is your business . The three of them returned to the embassy last night . Well , I 'm very sorry to hear that . I have no desire to stir up an international incident . It 's a great deal of paperwork , and a great deal of scrutiny . And you and I both get screwed . If you can 't handle this , I will be forced to take this to a higher authority . Everything all right ? Yes . Peachy . What ? The tsuba 's heading back to the museum . We 're heading out . Regards to President Wilson . Hi . It 's me . Artie . No , I know , I know . Look , please , do you think you could meet me ? Well , as soon as possible . Artie does to us what he 's making us do to them . He keeps us in the dark . For all we know , we 're decoys too . Look , we 're all pretty good at our jobs , okay ? We accepted the risk going in . Having intel in the fields keeps an agent alive , Pete , but Artie acts like keeping us alive isn 't a priority . To him we 're just ... Redshirts ? Yeah . First , he doesn 't think we 're redshirts . And second , that 's so cool you knew what I meant . Come on . He 's got a Tesla , too . Drop that weapon ! Are you okay ? Yeah . Grab the tsuba . You get a look ? Did we get it ? We got it . Yes . Now , give it back . Slowly . No . No , no , no . Did you see that guy with that gun ? It erases your short-term ... No . Never mind . What the hell is up with you two ? Now , who are you working for ? The Secret Service , but a department that you , sir , know nothing about . Yeah , I doubt that . Now , what department ? It 's an archival department . What , you 're filing clerks ? Running around shooting stun guns at your own people ? We didn 't shoot you . Right , filing clerks that protect us from invisible bad guys . Yeah . Pretty much . Yeah . Pretty much . Yeah . I 'll take it from here . Careful , Archives . Paper cuts ? They take days to heal . That 's hilarious . You 're hilarious . Very scared . So glad to see you . Thank you ... Not a damn word . Now , I warned you to back off before things got worse . Do you have any idea what this looks like ? Come on , you know we didn 't shoot at them . You know that we 're legit . Yeah , I do , but if you keep shutting me out , how am I supposed to back you up ? We 're just ... This stays with me until things die down . Or implode . What ? Sir , you 're putting yourself in serious danger . You have no idea what you 're dealing with . So tell me . We can 't . Well , I admire your loyalty . I prized it myself once , but you need to look at where you 're placing it right now . This has come to my attention . It checks out , and I will have to act on it . You want me to trust you ? Okay . If there 's even a remnant of a two-way street left , if you still trust that I 'm trying to look out for you , then read it . I want some extra people in the office , round the clock for the next 72 . Just in case . Why ? 'Cause he stole something dangerous and it 's important that I get it back from him . What makes you so sure it was him ? Call it a gut feeling . That 's still annoying , you know . What is ? You , talking in riddles and intuition . You never change . Yeah . So , has he , you know , contacted you ? I haven 't seen or heard from James in 15 years . And the irony 's not lost on me that you 're the one who 's asking . No , no , no , Carol , Carol , look at me . No matter what you think , I 'm not the one who drove him away . You made things intolerable , for all of us . Well , if it makes you comfortable to blame me then you should go ahead and blame me , I don 't care , but the truth is that you made choices , and the choices you made , you chose badly . I 'm not the one who disappeared . Oh , there it is . How did I not know ? What ? What ? Not know what ? Oh , stop it , Artie . You 're in town for whatever reason and you decide to twist the knife for old time 's sake . Rub it in that I chose the wrong guy . Right . You 're not the one who disappeared . You would have had to have been there in the first place . No , not Artie . All your secrets and your treasure hunts and that damn place . You know , James believed in life . You need to get one . Whoa , hold on , Carol , Carol . Carol . Could you please just ... Wait , wait , wait . What ? Listen , listen , Carol , if you 're harboring him in any way , you 're in danger . What are you doing here ? I was just about to ask you the same thing . Why are you bothering that poor woman and torturing yourself ? It 's called investigating a case . This isn 't the case . This is self pity . The case is the implosion grenade and the sword . And someone out there is running around using ... That 's right , someone , and that someone is MacPherson , and I can prove it . Remember ? Artie , we 've both seen you like this before . No , no , no , no , no . He planted this on purpose . He wanted me to find it . Otherwise he would have been much too careful . He 's taunting me . Would you listen to yourself ? You are leaping to wild conclusions based on nothing , and meanwhile your team is falling apart around you . They 're not falling apart . Myka and Pete are fine . Are they ? Did you know the tsuba 's now under Dickinson 's control ? Did you know Bering and Lattimer had been detained ? They 're at the hotel . I 'm taking you all off this case . Wait , wait , wait , what if I 'm right ? What if it is MacPherson ? Go home , Artie . Artie , where are you ? It doesn 't matter . New orders . You two stay in the hotel and you wait for me . I will take it from here . What 's the matter ? What 's wrong ? You okay ? Yeah . Everything 's fine . Okay . I don 't want to hear about it because it isn 't true . That isn 't Artie . I don 't want to believe it either , Pete , but it 's true . Yeah , well , you shouldn 't even be reading that . Pete . We should be out doing something . Pete , his real name isn 't even Artie Nielsen . It 's Artie Weisfelt . He used to work for the NSA . He was a cryptographer , a code breaker when he was in his 20s . They recruited him right out of school . They had him decoding Soviet communications . He intercepted letters , phone transcripts . Then they think he turned . He contacted one of the people they were spying on and he started selling secrets to the Russians . Then his file , it just ends . He was never prosecuted . We 've got a security breach . It 's like he just disappeared . But it 's him , Pete . What ? It 's definitely him . Freeze . You 're under arrest . No , no , no , listen to me . I have to take this . Lives are in danger and if ... No , no , not for that . Arthur Weisfelt , you 're under arrest for treason . Just tell us that the charges aren 't true . We both know . So just tell us . I can 't . They 're true . Okay , that 's not ... I had my reasons . Artie , Homeland Security is coming to pick you up . You need to give us a way to help you now . You need to concentrate on the mission and not worry so much about me . Mrs. Frederic fixed this once , and she can fix it ... This whole thing could have been avoided if you just told us anything about the sword , the tsuba , your past . Anything , Artie , we could have helped . We could have run interference with Dickinson , if you just trusted us . So what happens now , Artie ? I mean , what happens with the Warehouse ? I mean , what , are we in charge ? What ? I think we should know . She fixed all this , Mrs. Frederic . She fixed all of this years ago . It 's him , too . It has to be . Okay , Artie , this isn 't just about the treason , all right ? You also burglarized the Secret Service . I 'll spend a little time in prison . You 're not getting what is important here . I 'm not getting what 's important ? And the fact that I changed my name , which , by the way , I did so the Soviets wouldn 't find me , not to hide from our government . Important that Mrs. Frederic fixed all this . She expunged all the charges . Someone obviously unfixed it . Artie , focus . Oh , I 'm focused . Here 's the key . Who gave Dickinson my file ? Find out . That 'll take you directly to who has the sword , and that will lead you to MacPherson . Who Who ? Time 's up . Some friendly advice , it 's self-preservation time . Put in for transfers while this whole Warehouse business is still just a sidetrack in your careers . The scars don 't have to be permanent . Yeah , no can do . Just think about it . Meantime , I have some self-preservation to do , too . Now , I may not be your boss anymore , but until someone tells me otherwise , I still outrank you . So this time I am putting you on a plane with your best friends as an escort . Why is he here ? Ogawa ? The guy makes me itch . Well , Japanese want their tsuba back . With the sword gone , that 's all that 's left of a national treasure . Don 't worry . They 're leaving tonight for Japan . By tomorrow , the tsuba will be on the other side of the planet . By the way , just to ask it , who did give you that file on Artie ? That 's my secret to keep . Cooper , see that they get on their plane . No detours . Yeah , and don 't rule out shooting them if necessary . What 's going on ? What ? It 's Ogawa . It was him at the embassy . He walked out with the sword . Are you sure ? Myka , I saw him . You have to trust me . Dickinson looked at him when I asked him about the file . Artie was right . Yeah . And now he 's got the sword and the tsuba . Heading for the diplomatic terminal . There 's no security . How about you both just take a timeout , huh ? Just for the drive to Dulles . Let 's go . Bored ? Yeah . Oh , finally . Hi . Who 's Mrs. Frederic ? I 'd tell you , but then he 'd have to kill you . What do you think 6th to Constitution ? This time of day I 'd take 9th . Yeah , right . Want to grab a beer after we drop off ... Give me the gun . I can 't . In-laws are here , you know . Hang on , I want to pull over and grab a paper . They 'll be fine . Look , before you say anything , I know that I mangled this . I know I ran in there impulsively without thinking , without my bag , because I had a bigger ... Someone dug you up . So you know . It 's MacPherson . I 'm right . Yes , I 'm afraid you are . Now it 's up to you to stop him . Thank you . Don 't move ! So , Mr. Ogawa , when does he get here ? Oh , God , it works . Hello , Arthur . James . Good to see you after all these years . I wish I could say the same . Not while you 're pointing a gun at me , or trying to . Well , you know , you 're an invisible guy with a sword . I think you might have the advantage over me . My point exactly . So , what happened to you , James ? What happened ? I mean , I know we had our differences , and I know Carol happened . You always had your own ideas , your own objections to Warehouse policy , but I mean , James , James , killing people . When did you turn into that ? I woke up , Arthur . Once I was out from under Mrs. Frederic 's iron hand and your neuroses , I could see the world more clearly . Yeah , well , you know , that 's a little pathetic , isn 't it , James ? Blaming everybody else but yourself . I don 't think you 've found clarity . I don 't think your ego could stand the light . I 'd love to discuss this with you at length . You or one of your new agents . Lattimer and Bering , right ? I 've been observing them for some time . I see they have potential , but they 're so raw , so untrained , so corruptible . You come anywhere near them , I promise you , I promise you , James , that you 're gonna regret it . You 'll never get anywhere close to them as long as I 'm alive . Arthur , you can still read my mind . You always hurt the one you love . Artie ! No ! No , no ! Artie ? Yeah . Oh , my God . Okay , we have to get you to a hospital . What did you do to yourself ? Well , that was the only way I knew how to get the sword . What if we didn 't get here in time ? Yeah , I thought you would . So , right now , could you just hurry and pull it out ? Wait , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Now , wait a minute , are you sure ? Yeah , it 's the sharpest sword ever made . It should slide out just like butter . Just do it really , really , really , really fast . Okay ! Not like butter . No . Artie ! Pete . Is that one of those ... Yeah . I wasn 't here when everything went down between Artie and MacPherson , but I know it was bad . Here . Yeah , this feels right . Yeah , it must have been bad . I mean , all that stuff with Ogawa , giving Dickinson the file . He wanted more than the sword . He wanted to mess us up as a team . It worked . Well , I don 't know how to work with him right now . The thing about Artie is that he 's lost a lot of people in his life , including agents . So now he just shuts everybody out . It 's defense mechanism ... That 's not an excuse . It 's not a reason to keep secrets as compulsively as he does . It 's not meant to be an excuse , just an explanation . Artie acts like he doesn 't care , but he does , about you both . A lot . And that scares him . Well , I guess he needs to work that out , doesn 't he ? You know , just because he lost people , it doesn 't make us expendable . I 'm not a redshirt . I 'm not . She 's upset because I don 't communicate . Did she not notice the word " secret " in her job description ? Their job is to follow instructions . So is yours . You knew that I couldn 't let this go . As it turns out , I was right . I apologize for doubting you . Oh . Well , thank you . You know , we 're all human , as far as I know . You know that this was only MacPherson 's first move , and he 's planning something bigger . Any guesses what his plan might be ? No . I don 't know . I don 't want to wait to find out . You know what the Talmud says ? " If someone 's coming to kill you , " get up early , kill them first . " It also says , " Don 't rush into any unnecessary danger . " A miracle may not save you . "
