 [ CROWD CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY ] [ MAN SPEAKING IN CANTONESE ] [ IN CANTONESE ] [ DOORBELL BUZZES ] [ SPEAKING IN CANTONESE ] [ DOOR LOCK BUZZES ] [ IN CANTONESE ] [ MAN SHOUTS ] [ SCREAMING ] [ CREATURE SQUEALING ] PETER : Sorry I 'm late . OLIVIA : Where 's Walter ? PETER : He 's practicing some self-actualization . OLIVIA : In a taxi ? PETER : That 's part of it . He 's also cooking for himself now , cleaning up after himself . You should have him tell you why choosing his own wardrobe ... is an important sign of independence . So how many are there ? Is it bad ? - Did you eat ? - Yeah . Well , that 's unfortunate . - Hello , Agent Dunham . OLIVIA : Hello , Walter . You made it . Walter ? I saw you following the taxi in your station wagon . I wasn 't following you , Walter . We were coming to the same place . You don 't trust me . BROYLES : It 's a Chinese merchant ship registered in Hong Kong . Four hours ago it ran aground and caught fire . Strong current , freezing water . They died attempting to swim to shore . We 've pulled out 27 bodies so far . At first it appeared they 'd died of hypothermia . Then we found these . Excuse us , agents . Dr. Bishop , have you ever seen anything like this ? It 's similar to a tiny parasite found in livestock . But I 've never seen them this size . Or in humans . I want this creature transported back to my lab . It might still be alive . OFFICER : Hey ! This woman 's still breathing . Step aside , please . We don 't have time . If she 's also infected , we 've got to get this organism out of her . Go . [ SQUEALING ] [ DOORBELL BUZZES ] [ IN CANTONESE ] CHEN : My name is Tao Chen . I 'm from the Chinese Consulate . PETER : The woman we pulled from the water . - How long has she been awake ? - About an hour . - Is she talking ? - A little . Her name 's Mei Lin . She 's from outside of Hong Kong . She happen to mention how she got a gigantic worm stuck in her stomach ? The doctor said she just had a severe case of dehydration . No worm . She wasn 't infected ? [ SPEAKING IN CANTONESE ] She says they came for work and a better life . [ SPEAKING IN CANTONESE ] PETER : She asked if we 'd arrest her . I told her we 're here to help . - I didn 't know you spoke Cantonese . - Get to know me a bit . [ SPEAKING IN CANTONESE ] She doesn 't know . The men on the boat , they knew . And they gave her medicine for seasickness . Everyone got it . Her father was a fisherman . She was used to the sea , so she didn 't take it . [ SOBBING ] She wants you to find her daughter and husband . She doesn 't know what happened to her family . Crewmen said they were two days behind on another boat . There 's another boat ? Chances are , they 're infected too . That gives us maybe 36 hours before it lands . Seven pounds and 10 ounces . Walter , this is our largest worm yet . Parasitic worm , to be precise . Truly , Agent Farnsworth , it never ceases to amaze me the infinite variation that Mother Nature gives us . She truly has quite a disturbing sense of humor . Considering your new pet , I think Mother Nature 's a real bitch . PETER : How 's it going in here ? - You mean here at Bishop 's Live Bait ? Actually , I think these things would scare off the fish . Don 't you ? We spoke to the woman we found . She said that everyone on that boat took some sort of capsule medicine . Mei Lin 's the only one who didn 't take it . She 's the only one who didn 't get infected . So do you think it 's possible that that could have been inside the capsule ? Of course , it makes perfect sense . If the time of gestation is equal to the time of transport well , it would explain why the creatures need the host . These bodies provide nutrition , warmth and protective shelter . They enable the parasite to grow . These people were used as some sort of human incubator ? Quite ingenious , really . And yes to your question it is possible for the larvae of the parasite to fit into a capsule . It would allow the parasite to grow on the journey here . Which leaves why . Why would someone be smuggling these in ? [ CELL PHONE RINGING ] It 's Broyles . The Coast Guard found a manifest on the sunken Chinese ship . They traced it to a local shipyard . Somebody is in custody now . Find out everything else you can on those worms . Parasitic worms . BROYLES : We found him at the shipyard where the boat was to dock . He 'd just finished burning every document in the place . We 're letting him sweat before we question him . He 's not gonna talk . He 's a Triad member . They got a code of honor . Triad ? You 're sure ? His whole biography 's written on him in ink . He 's like a decorated soldier . The mark on his arm ? The extra pao gou hook ? Means he 's killed five people . He also enjoys Broadway shows , long walks on the beach . The one on his neck , that says , " Sun Hong Triad . " Sun Hong was known for smuggling heroin , not trafficking people . Then they 're expanding their business . What if Sun Hong Triad are still dealing in narcotics ? How 's that ? These people were implanted on purpose . That implies they 're valuable . Certain species of parasite naturally secrete opiates . If someone figured out how to harvest those ... You think those worms are some kind of new street drug ? He 's got a razor blade . This is Broyles . We have a code blue in Interview 3 . I need security and paramedics . [ OLIVIA GROANING ] PETER : Oh , no , no , no . WALTER : If only all parasitic worms were full of narcotics . Careful , careful . Not too deep . I got it , Walter . Just hold still . Given the high cost of transporting the creature , it must be quite a high . Walter , you are not smoking this thing . - Now , that should do the trick . - Yeah ? Now , with some luck , we 'll find the active ingredient ... [ WALTER GROANS ] Oh , my God , Walter . No , no , no , wait . Wait . The initial burn was quite something , but ... Walter , this thing is feeding on you . - This is rather pleasant . Agent Broyles , I didn 't see you there . Dr. Bishop , Agent Farnsworth . Where can I find Agent Dunham ? Uh , she 's in the back with Peter , sir . The question is , if there is a market for this drug , who 's buying it ? Sir . BROYLES : That 's everything the Bureau has on the Sun Hong Triad . There 's also information on the Triad 's leader . He goes by the name of John Hsu . His present whereabouts are unknown . These are corporate bank documents . Shell companies . To shield his criminal activity . What about the boat carrying Mei Lin 's family ? Any word ? Nothing . The Coast Guard has begun searching all vessels ... - No small task . - That 's more like a needle in a haystack . So we have about 20 hours before the worm comes out . There was a wire two weeks ago from a bank here in Boston . It looks like a private account in Beacon Hill transferred $ 500,000 paid into Beijing Executive Construction . The same time the traffickers left Kowloon . Sounds like someone is financing those shipments . So this is where the other end of a Triad bank wire leads . Not what I pictured either . Hi . Are your parents home ? - Who are you ? - We 're the FBI . Who are you ? Matt . Um , can I see , like , a badge ? Mom . Some FBI people are here . Come on in . As my financial adviser explained it to me there was money to be made in Beijing construction projects . I invested a half a million dollars with this company . Did you ever meet a man named John Hsu ? The head of the company you invested in . No , never . Maybe your husband , then ? He passed away shortly after Matt was born . I 'm sorry . ELIZABETH : Did I do something ? OLIVIA : We suspect Mr. Hsu of running a smuggling ring . Trafficking Chinese nationals into the U. S and using these front corporations to fund it . Oh , my God . I had no idea . I swear to both of you , my attorney reviewed all the documents . And he assured me it was a sound investment . These corporations look legitimate from the outside . May we have the name and number of your attorney ? We 'll need to ask him a few questions . ELIZABETH : Of course . I 'm sure he 'd be as surprised by this as I am . - Lf I can do anything to help ... - Thank you . We appreciate it . What were you doing in there ? Checking for dust ? I 'm not sure yet . Okay . I wanna stop by the hospital , check on Mei Lin . - Okay . Drop me at the lab first ? - Sure . PETER : What is the connection between an obsessive-compulsive germaphobe and our worms ? - Nice kicks . - Thank you . And that 's an excellent question . I have a theory . What happened to you ? Your father got bitten by that thing . And he refuses to get it checked out . What if you 're infected with one of those worms ? I 've tested my blood and liver function . I 'm fine . In fact , my white-cell count is through the roof . I have several new antibodies in my blood . And even the gas I had is gone . You think it 's the worm that did all that ? Our creature , Peter , is not an illicit narcotic at all . It 's medicine . Astrid , the picture , show Peter , please . Ancylostoma duodenale . An intestinal hookworm . It 's about 10 millimeters long . In Chinese medicine , Ancylostoma could be used for the treatment of chronic asthma . People are purposefully infected and walk around their entire lives with it . What does that have to do with our parasites ? Our parasites are a new species bioengineered from this hookworm . PETER : You mean somebody made these ? WALTER : Designed them to grow in humans . In fact , I don 't believe that they could grow anywhere else . I believe it 's the parasite 's lymph gland that 's the real prize . It secretes a remarkable immune-boosting enzyme . Immune-boosting . So you might take that if you had , say , a severe phobia of germs . Or if you wanted to treat any number of immune-deficiency disorders . - Going somewhere , Walter ? - I am . The phone book lists five herbalists in Chinatown three of which sell our Ancylostoma hookworm for the treatment of asthma . I am going to collect samples for genetic comparison . Why don 't you give me those addresses ? I 'll go check them out . You don 't believe I can do it . Well , I can . And don 't you dare follow me . Can I please borrow some change for the bus fare ? OLIVIA : Ms. Lin , do you recognize these ? [ SPEAKING IN CANTONESE ] [ SPEAKING IN CANTONESE ] The man who put them on the fishing boat had one . - What does it mean ? - It 's a gang tattoo . We think the gang might be using people to smuggle drugs into the country . [ CHEN SPEAKING IN CANTONESE ] [ LIN SPEAKING IN CANTONESE ] She said her husband and daughter ... I think I understand . We will do everything that we can . [ IN CANTONESE ] [ SNORING ] [ GROANING ] - Where is everybody ? - Uh , Walter 's out self-actualizing again . - Astrid 's keeping an eye on him . - What 's this ? At the Jarvis ' you asked what I was looking at . Did you see all those hand sanitizers ? - No . - The windows were hermetically sealed . - HEPA filters , oxygen tanks . - You saw oxygen tanks ? Well , no , but I 'm sure they 're there somewhere . Okay . And if they were ? Walter says these worms boost the immune system . Right ? If you 're buying hand sanitizer in bulk and hermetically sealing windows you 're either Howard Hughes or you 're actually sick . Let 's go pick up Elizabeth Jarvis and search her house . Actually , I 've got a better idea . PETER : Bend your knees more . What are you doing here ? We wanted to ask you a couple questions about your mother . She 's not here right now . I know I don 't have to answer any of your questions without my mom or lawyer here . Then you can just talk to me . I 'm not actually an FBI agent . Just a couple guys hanging out on the court . I 'm gonna go make a phone call . I have to go talk to a judge about a warrant . There you go . I know you don 't wanna talk to us . You 're trying to protect your mother . She 's your only family . I understand that . I 've been there . Yeah , I doubt it . I was raised by my mother too . It 's scary . You 're worried that if you lose her , then you have no one . Those people your mother gave money to , they 're scary people . And we 're investigating them , and that 's not gonna stop . They 're gonna try to cover their tracks . I wanna make sure your mother isn 't one of those tracks . You think that could happen ? I need you to tell me , man . Is your mom sick ? What is it ? She has some sort of immune-deficiency disorder ? No . The treatments are for me . WALTER : Excuse me . Agent Farnsworth . Walter , what a ... What a coincidence . It 's not a coincidence at all . You were following me . - Peter had you follow me . - No . I have a ... I have a friend that lives right down by the , um ... The Chinese restaurant . Walter . We 're worried about you . Does it occur to you that perhaps I want to be alone ? That perhaps I want to live my life with a semblance of dignity and self-respect ? If I want to go get a hot dog , so be it . I may go grocery shopping . - I may even join a gym . - Walter . I 'm sorry . Well , since you 're here , you may as well accompany me to the next herbalist on my list . But as a friend , not a supervisor . Agreed , Walter . - I love Chinatown . Heh , heh . - Heh , heh . Matt Jarvis suffers from a rare immune-deficiency disorder . His body doesn 't produce enough white blood cells to fight off infection . Yeah , this kid should be living in a giant plastic bag but we just shot hoops with him . So these parasites are harvested to treat him . From what he says , they insert a medicinal powder directly into his spleen . Walter thinks the medicine is made out of a gland in the worm . So Matt 's usually treated once a month . His next surgery is in two days , right on schedule with when the next boat 's due . - Does this surgeon have a name ? - Dr. Che . WALTER : Ancylostoma duodenale , hookworm . Aren 't they magnificent ? - At this size , maybe . WALTER : Quite right . You haven 't seen anything till you 've seen one of these 4 feet long . What do I owe you ? That will be $ 15 , please . - I got this , Walter . - No , it 's okay . I have just enough money left . Five , 10 , 15 . - Thank you . - Good day . WALTER [ WHISPERING ] : You 're going to enjoy this . [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] Provided , of course the beans have been properly soaked to leach toxicity . For the record , I wanted ice cream . I got it . Oh , look . Lacquered cricket boxes . ASTRID : Thank you . - You want omega-3 ? I put in fish head . Um , no , I will pass . Thank you . Walter , here you go . Walter ? Walter ? Given what her kid said , I want you to lean on Elizabeth Jarvis . We 're running out of time before that boat arrives . [ CELL PHONE RINGING ] PETER : So how much rice candy did Walter eat ? I lost him . I turned my back for one second , and he wasn 't there anymore . - I 've looked for him everywhere , Peter . - Did he know you were following him ? He did at first , and he was fine with it . But he lulled me into a false sense of security . Just so he could ditch you . You know how much he likes to prove a point . He 's got change for the bus , his travel kit , his emergency numbers . He should be fine . He 's gotta learn to cross the street sometime . Okay . Okay , I 'm gonna head back to the lab and see if he 's there . Okay ? Walter ? Walter ? Walter ? [ MAN WHISPERING IN CANTONESE NEARBY ] MAN [ OVER PHONE ] : Hello ? - Hello , Peter ? - It 's Walter , your father ... MAN : Wrong number . Hello , Peter ? It 's me , Walter , your father ... Excuse me ? WOMAN [ OVER PHONE ] : Hello ? Uh , I fear I may have dialed the wrong number again . My name is Walter ... The Number 5 bus hasn 't stopped here for over two hours . Not that it matters . I used up all my bus fare to dial seven wrong numbers . [ SPEAKING IN CANTONESE ] I can 't remember Peter 's number . I know it 's got three fives , a one , a zero , and two sevens but for the life of me , I can 't remember the correct sequence . PETER : Astrid . Astrid . OLIVIA : Astrid ? Astrid , what happened ? I 'm gonna call you an ambulance . No , don 't . I 'm okay , Peter . I 'm okay . I don 't need an ambulance . Who did this to you ? I don 't know . - It was , uh , two big Asian guys with tattoos . - Triad . I don 't know how they knew we had the worm . They must have followed you back from Chinatown . [ CELL PHONE RINGING ] Hello ? Walter Bishop , hai . [ SPEAKING IN CANTONESE ] It 's Walter . He 's down in Chinatown . Apparently he 's fine . Astrid , you sure you 're okay ? I 'm going down to pick him up . I 'm gonna talk to Elizabeth Jarvis . Let 's stay in touch . PETER : Got it . OLIVIA : Mrs. Jarvis , we know you 're withholding information . I already told you everything . Actually , your son told us everything . I can 't help you , Agent Dunham . I 've got two dozen Chinese nationals dead , a federal agent assaulted and another boat with God knows how many people about to die . You don 't understand . This treatment , Matt won 't live long without it . We rescued a Chinese woman . Her daughter is on that other boat . She 's gonna die too . Who 's been treating your son ? PETER [ IN CANTONESE ] : [ IN CANTONESE ] Peter . Hello , my son . Allow me to introduce you . My hostess 's name is Fae . [ IN ENGLISH ] Walter , the numbers are in your pocket . How many times have I told you that ? I put them there . Don 't you remember ? No . Not at all . Walter , you just ... - Are you okay ? - Yes . Yes , I 'm fine . The noodles are delicious . You really should try them , Peter . I hope I didn 't cause Agent Farnsworth too much stress . Ah , she had other things on her mind . You wouldn 't remember the addresses of those herbalist shops , would you ? Certainly not , but that 's why I held onto this . Astrid only went with me to the third one , Ming Che . They had quite a selection of hookworms . Though I confess I exaggerated a bit when I told them ours was 4 feet long . You told someone we have a 4-foot worm ? - It 's not even 2 feet . - That 's how they followed Astrid . Ming Che on Ping-On Street . [ CELL PHONE RINGING ] What do you mean ? Astrid was followed ? - Bishop . - Hey , is Walter all right ? Yeah , he 's fine . Where are you ? OLIVIA : The boat with Mei Lin 's family on it just docked . Elizabeth Jarvis gave us a phone number . We tracked a few calls off that . We 're about to commence the raid . Okay . I got another lead I 'm tracking down . - Okay . Well , I 'll call you after . - Bye . Peter . Peter , what do you mean Astrid was followed ? Just get in the car , Walter . I 'll tell you later . [ SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY ] AGENT 1 : Move , move ! AGENT 2 : Move ! FBI . AGENT 3 : Get down . I want a search , bow to stern . Clear the lower decks . Find these people . You three , with me . AGENT 4 [ OVER RADIO ] : Upper deck clear . AGENT 5 [ OVER RADIO ] : All decks clear . AGENT 4 [ OVER RADIO ] : All decks clear . Agent Dunham . There are no trafficked people on this ship . But there were . We 're just too late . Why are we stopping here ? - Was this the place ? - Yes , but I need to get back to the lab . I need to check on Agent Farnsworth . Shh . She 's all right , Walter . [ MEN SPEAKING IN CANTONESE ] [ CELL PHONE BUZZING ] Peter . Yeah , we had the right vessel , but they were already gone . I know . They 're here . I saw them get unloaded through the alley . - Where are you ? - At an herbalist shop on Ping-On Street . - Astrid was followed to the lab from here . - We 're on our way . PETER : Okay , Walter . I need you to stay here . Olivia and Broyles are on their way . [ WHISPERING ] This is not a good idea , son . I 'll be careful . Stay in the car . [ PEOPLE SPEAKING IN CANTONESE IN DISTANCE ] [ SOBBING ] [ SHOUTS ] PETER [ IN CANTONESE ] : [ PETER GRUNTS ] WALTER [ SINGING SOFTLY ] : Goes to all the shows He steps right into the lion 's den And tells them all he knows [ SINGING INDISTINCTLY ] [ PETER GRUNTING ] CHE : Someone must know you 're here . They coming soon ? [ IN ENGLISH ] Nobody else knows I 'm here . - See , I don 't believe you . - Oh , that 's a shame . Most people find me very trustworthy . Open . Open . Now , if you try to chew this , it will kill you . Swallow ! AGENT 1 : FBI ! AGENT 2 : Hands where I can see them . OLIVIA : Gun ! On your knees . Hands behind your head . [ PETER GAGS ] - Are you okay ? - Yeah . Yeah . I am now . Astrid ? - Astrid ? - Walter . I thought I lost you . Don 't worry about this place . Okay ? I 'm gonna clean this up . Peter said you were followed . Oh , dear God . I 'm so sorry . I didn 't know . Walter , it 's not your fault . BROYLES : What 's the status of the Chinese nationals ? Well , some are still in surgery , the rest in the ICU . Only time will tell . The doctor says it 's a good prognosis for Mei Lin 's daughter and husband . What 's gonna happen to them ? The State Department has agreed to grant them all political asylum . With all those people carrying Ming Che 's medicine he must have been treating other people like Matt Jarvis . We turned up more records that trace back to other patients with immune deficiency . They 're being questioned . Did we find anything that could lead us to John Hsu ? What we found is that there is no John Hsu . He 's an alias , used as a front for all of Ming Che 's financial dealings . Good work , you two . OLIVIA : There 's something I need to take care of . Excuse me . WALTER : Peter . What time is it , Walter ? I want so badly to be independent again . To live like a man , not a child . Not to have my son watching after me all the time . Not that I don 't appreciate all that you do for me . - That 's not the way it 's supposed to be . - Walter ... Let me finish . I 've been out of the institution for a year now and I 've just begun my journey back towards being whole . But I fear there are still times when I will get lost . So I have implanted a tracking device in my neck . You did what ? Oh , Walter . And here is the transponder so you can find me . I should let you get back to sleep . PETER : Good night , Walter . [ TRANSPONDER BEEPING ] Good night , my son . [ ENGLISH - US - SDH ] Ripped by stlc8tr
