 Previously on Fringe : A series of events has occurred . These appear to be scientific in nature . Referred to as the Pattern . He worked out of Harvard in an area called " Fringe Science . " You 're telling me my father was Dr. Frankenstein . You were in an accident . You were missing from your car for an hour before you came crashing back . What if there 's a part of my brain that 's trying to protect me ? What 's this ? Sam Weiss , the man who helped put me back together . - Have the headaches started yet ? - No . They will . GILLESPE : Hey , none of that vanilla-hazelnut crap . Normal coffee , all right ? I already called it in . - Yes , colonel . GORDON : It 's time . Get to Suburban Station . He 'll be wearing a black trench coat , carrying a black briefcase . Now arriving , Number 367 from Chicago . COP : Where are you , Gillespe ? Gillespe , seriously , for the last time , where are ... ? Last call for silver service to Miami , departing from Track 8 . Final boarding call for silver service to Miami , Track 8 . - Set the briefcase down . Now . - What 's this about ? What did I do ? You give me the briefcase now . - What 's the problem here ? - I got it under control . Give me the case . SECURITY : Hey , stop . You can 't do that . You can 't take that . Officer , what 's the matter ? SAM : Rabbit goes around the tree , then through the hole . - Yeah , I know how to tie my shoes . - Knowing how isn 't the issue . You suffered some wicked head trauma . Don 't think about your hands . Don 't think about the laces . Your shoes will get tied just fine . Yeah , just by magic . No , but that would be pretty cool . You know , what exactly did you do for Nina Sharp ? I taught her how to eat French fries . You know , pick one up dip it in the ketchup , stick it in your mouth , repeat . Simple enough , unless you 've got a cybernetic prosthetic arm . Nina was a mess . See , I prefer the bunny-ears method to the one-Ioop wrap but it does require more coordination . You 'll get there . Don 't take this the wrong way , but I can 't waste time ... Are you sleeping at night ? You 've got circles around your eyes , pale skin . You don 't get more than two or three hours at a stretch , do you ? Lingering pain from the accident ? In my leg and my shoulder . And you say the headaches haven 't started yet ? No . Let me know when they do . You can take off the shoes now . We 're done . That 's it ? Unless you wanna help me mop up the men 's room . I 'm closing now . Come back tomorrow , Agent Dunham . We got work to do . How about this one ? Two-bedroom , two-bath loft in Oak Square . Cook 's kitchen , hardwood floors and a breakfast nook . Does it face the east ? - Uh . No . River view , so it faces north . - Then it won 't do . I need the morning sun . Fine . How about this ? A three-bedroom duplex in Allston facing east . All the morning sun a waking scientist could want . Never liked Allston . Arlington either , for that matter . I 'm perfectly happy with our present accommodations . Well , I 'm not , Walter . I need my own bedroom . I woke up this morning to him singing an aria from Pagliacci . - Your father has a wonderful voice . - Not when he 's doing jumping jacks . And did I mention he was naked ? A good morning sets the tone for the day . Come take a look at this . I 've been running a filter for atypical FBI reports . I just got a hit . Some sort of bomb went off in Philadelphia . Single explosive device . Eleven dead , 28 wounded . This last part is what caught my eye . They can 't find any explosive residue at the scene . How does a bomb go off without leaving any trace afterwards ? Shall I get my coat , Peter ? I 'll call Dunham . Agent Farnsworth , get my portable chemistry set . This means bodies . Bomb guys don 't know what to make of it . Given the wounds you 'd expect a device filled with nails or steel ball bearings . But it wasn 't . No . In fact , there 's no forensic markers at all . So , what about eyewitnesses ? I 've got half a dozen eyewitnesses , but nobody who saw anything helpful . Weird . This place has major anti-terrorism security . EMP-disabling devices at every entrance , explosive-material sensors ... We checked , and not a single sensor was tripped . So , what did the surveillance cameras show ? Nothing . Nothing but magnetic static . It seems that whatever happened in here wiped the images . - Do you mind if we see those tapes ? - I 'll see what I can do . Let me guess . You got a friend . - Maybe I do . Excuse me . Sir ? - Do you have a badge ? No , I don 't have a badge . Do you ? I got it . Walter ? What 's going on ? This rather unpleasant young woman is interfering with my work . - Is he with you ? - Yeah , but don 't hold that against me . We 're FBI . - Go ahead . - So ? - What is it ? - Shrapnel , I believe . From the bomb . Some sort of crystal . Hard as a diamond . Salty . Silica , I guess . I 'll need to examine the rest of the bodies . If that 's all right with you , miss . Thank you . Agent Dunham . I spoke with our counterterrorism analysts . No one 's stepped forward to claim responsibility . No increase in chatter from the usual suspects . Guys , I found this wedged in the bench . It 's a badge . Philly P.D. Officer Gillespe . Were there any police among the wounded sent to the hospital ? - So where did he go ? Peter . I was wrong . The crystal . I think it 's not geologic in origin after all . In fact , I 'm certain it 's organic . Is that an ear ? Well , I think Walter might have just found Officer Gillespe . This looks like fungiform papillae . Taste buds . Tongue . Walter , as much as I am enjoying this anatomy lesson what exactly are we doing here ? That 's obvious , my dear . We 're searching for clues . Scientific evidence to reveal what type of device this man was wearing which caused him to harden and then shatter . I understand Peter 's looking for a new place for you guys to live . It occurs to me , Agent Farnsworth , that I 've never asked you where you live . - Where I live ? - Yeah . Diaphragm . Well , most of the time , I live here but my apartment is in Somerville . We should go for a walk sometime . Explore the neighborhood . The other day I turned the wrong way in the street and discovered that Busby 's has the world 's best apple fritters . You see ? I have everything I need where we live now . I know what you mean , Walter . I 'm a creature of habit too . Course , you never would have found Busby 's apple fritters if you hadn 't gone the wrong way down the street . You really should try them . They 're quite delicious . Brain . JOE : Okay , that 's it . That 's the best I can do . Well , that must be Gillespe , but I don 't see a bomb . JOE : Then it cuts out . You know , I told her you were a genius , Joe . Don 't prove me wrong . JOE : Then you need a smarter genius . Do you have any idea how something like this could happen ? The static ? No . Maybe radio-wave interference . Certain high frequencies can tweak electronic signals . Look at the time code . It 's about 20 seconds before the bomb went off . So why do we lose picture before the explosion ? How 's it going , Walter ? Any theories ? Several . Peter , do you remember that jigsaw puzzle we put together when you were a kid ? Uh ... The jigsaw ? No . As I recall , her name was Melissa something . - Five hundred pieces . - Heh , heh . Yes . Yes , I do remember . Melissa was a Playmate . Miss July , right ? Putting together a jigsaw of a nude centerfold was Walter 's idea of how to explain ... What was it ? - Human reproduction to his 10-year-old son . So , what does any of that have to do with the bomb in Philadelphia ? Patience , son . Voil ? Meet Officer Gillespe . Fantastic . So apart from the obvious , anything out of the ordinary ? Needle marks between the toes . Some form of transformative serum , I would think . I can 't say what yet . From his tissues it appears to cause a reaction on the cellular level that both solidifies the water in his cells and emitted massive energy , which shattered the body . What are you saying , Walter ? He did this to himself , on purpose ? Well , I stopped counting at 47 needle marks . I can 't imagine it was an accident . When you think about it wearing a bomb is rather unimaginative . This way , there 's no need to smuggle in an explosive device because ... - Officer Gillespe was the bomb . - Fascinating , yes ? We were planning to start a family . I can 't believe he 's not coming home . Dan always came home . After every shift on the job , two tours in Iraq , he always came home . No one would tell me what happened just that it was some kind of bomb . We 're still investigating . I 'm so sorry . Where was he stationed ? - In Ramadi . Did you serve ? No , I was a contractor , based out of Baghdad but I remember there was heavy fighting in Ramadi . Was he on any medication or under any sort of medical care ? No . No , Dan was healthy . I don 't understand . What does this have to do with the explosion ? You all right , Dunham ? - Excuse me . Do you have a bathroom ? Yes , down the hall . Dunham . You all right ? Mrs. Gillespe , can you tell me what these are ? I don 't know . I 've never seen them before . Dan Gillespe doesn 't fit the profile of a suicide bomber . Well , how do you explain this stuff ? I 'm assuming it 's likely that this is what Walter was talking about . What turned him into a bomb . Yeah , well , I can 't yet but , I mean , what makes someone blow themselves up ? Typically , they 're either waging a war or making a statement . Dan Gillespe was a decorated cop and soldier just getting himself back together . Doesn 't make sense . Is there anything else on your mind ? Like what ? The headache . Did the doctors say that would happen ? They said they might . That it was totally normal . We should get that to Walter . Maybe he can figure out where those vials came from . Let me help you with that . Colonel . We need to talk , Captain Burgess . GORDON : I 'm calling you back to active status . You 're going to D.C. On Friday . Hotel reservations , plane tickets , all self-explanatory . Now , that phone . Keep it with you at all times . Check in with the hotel . Wait for me to call you with further instructions . Do you have a cover story prepared for your family ? Yes , sir . I 'll say I 'm visiting my sister . She lives in Georgetown . Have you been taking the serum ? - Yes , sir . - Good because from this moment on , Tin Man parameters are in effect . So how did you know ? The headaches started . Well , it 's about time . Look , can you just cut the Yoda crap and tell me what 's happening to me ? Short version : The headaches mean you 've finally sparked the battery . You 've been experiencing an acute nominal aphasia , Agent Dunham . It 's common with head trauma . Parts of your brain are still asleep but once they wake up , that memory will get flushed out . - When ? - When ? When will I get my memory back ? You know , everywhere you go the scoring apparatuses have changed . Computers ? No fun . Here we do things old-school with a dull pencil and all your third-grade math skills . This is ridiculous . I 'm not bowling . I can 't walk without this damn cane . You 're not bowling . I 've got a kids ' league coming in . - You 're gonna keep score . - How is that gonna help my memory ? I mean , how is that gonna help me at all ? Well , for starters , it might teach you some patience . Aha . Is that food I smell ? Mm , mm , mm . While examining Officer Gillespe , I discovered something else . Given the amount of serum that we found in his tissue and the rate at which it would have metabolized I suspect that he had to inject it every day for a very long time . - Well , how long ? - At least a year , I would think . A year ? That would mean Gillespe started injecting while he was on his tour in Iraq . - Did his Army file come through ? - I haven 't seen it . Let me check , though . Interestingly when the serum is first introduced or injected , it 's fairly harmless but then something else occurs , a secondary reaction . Some sort of trigger causes these bonds to blast apart . The trigger is ... Peter , if you 're going to eat that cheeseburger in here could you at least be a little discreet ? Fine . This trigger . Could it be a radio wave ? There was interference on the tapes in the train station most likely caused by radio waves . Yes . I suppose so . Peter , I 've got Gillespe 's military file . What 's cyanogen chloride ? It 's a chemical weapon . His whole unit was exposed to cyanogen . According to this , Gillespe should 've died in Iraq . Four words that should never show up in a sentence : " Classified experimental military project . " How much you wanna bet that Tin Man has everything to do with those injections Gillespe was taking ? It says here that Project Tin Man was shut down . Shortly after Dan Gillespe returned home . All names of military personnel associated with the project were redacted from the record . But it still lists Malik Yusef , Abbas Khalaf and Howar Ziad as Iraqi doctors who worked on the program . Where are they ? Presumably still in country . CENTCOM has agreed to look for them but it may take a few weeks to track them down . I may be able to help but I 'm gonna need a few things first . I need to go back to Iraq . I know somebody who can help us find those doctors . Seems a long way to go for a maybe . We have to assume that Gillespe was not a solitary event . There may be others like him . Walking bombs . We don 't have two weeks to wait . What is it you need ? Private air transportation , $ 20,000 in cash and a passport without my real name on it . - Oh ? - I 'm still on a couple of watch lists . Then you 're gonna need a federal agent with you as well . I 'm reluctant to send you , Agent Dunham . That said , we need to keep this trip between us . You 'll look after each other . You ready for this ? Baghdad , here we come . Maybe I should wait outside . Then what would I do ? You 're the one with the gun . In that case , we speak English . I need your help , Ahmed . A U.S. Military program named " Tin Man " is operating out of a hospital in Samarra . I need to find one of the Iraqi doctors who was working on that program . I can pay you , of course . When I heard you had been killed , I knew this could not be true because a person like you is good at one thing : More than anything else a person like you is good at looking out for yourself . Now you 're here asking for my help ? Yes , I am . Maybe someone else will want your money . I don 't . Ahmed , a lot of innocent lives may be on the line . I see . And this is something you care about now ? Yes , I do . I may be able to save them . With your help . What are the names of these doctors ? Have some tea . I will see what I can do . Are you gonna tell me what that was about ? No . Dr. Bishop , what did I tell you about experimenting with fruit ? Just cleaned this lab up yesterday . Relax , my dear . I 'm just injecting a very small amount of the serum into the watermelon . Just to crystallize it . The serum we found at Gillespe 's house told us how he became a bomb but the question remains : What triggered it ? So you 're using radio waves like Peter suggested ? Yes . Radio waves would also explain the eyewitness reports of flashing lights at the train station before the officer exploded . Quite ingenious , really . The same principle applied to proximity fuses in World War II aerial bombs . In fact , my Uncle Henry was killed by one in the Battle of Guadalcanal . Oh , Astrid , this is it . - Quickly , what 's the frequency ? - Three-thirty-one-point-six megahertz . What happened ? It stopped . I 'm not sure . Works . No more fruit , Walter . Ready for something a little harder than tea ? Sure . - Red Russian ? Yeah . Mint tea and vodka . Oh , that sounds weird and awful . Actually , it 's worse . - You get used to it . - How long were you here ? Which time ? I had to leave a couple times . Seem like you 've made a name for yourself . Well , I 've been known to leave an impression . To all that 's weird . Dr. Malik Yusef Peter Bishop , Olivia Dunham . They consider me a traitor . We were hoping to ask you some questions about a program that you worked on . A program called " Tin Man . " No . I do not know anything about this . YUSEF : The program didn 't work . It was too dangerous . The soldiers had been exposed to a synthetic neurotoxin . A nerve agent developed under Saddam . Cyanogen . Yes . We 'd been trying to find a way to neutralize it to counteract the effects . And that 's what they called " Tin Man . " We had developed a treatment . Daily injections of serum . We treated over 200 soldiers , and only a few of them survived . We know of one . A Daniel Gillespe . Daniel . Kind man . Over the course of the program , there were three others . - Do you remember their names ? YUSEF : Of course . YUSEF : I saved their lives . There was John Clump , Ross Cavanaugh and Diane Burgess . Okay , Diane , you 're all set . Suitcase is at the front door . Sure you don 't want me to drive you ? YUSEF : But it was too dangerous . The serum had an unintentional byproduct . We had discovered that after it built up in human tissue it reacted in a very unexpected way . It turned people into bombs . Yes . How did you know that ? Dr. Yusef , how many other people knew about this ? Five doctors , a dozen U.S. Officers , and whoever they reported to , I suppose . If someone is triggering these people to explode , it could be anyone . There was a man . A colonel . When the program was shut down , he argued it should be continued . Do you remember his name ? Gordon . Colonel Raymond Gordon . YUSEF : A word of warning . Gordon is a vicious man . He has no regard for human life . You have briefing packets in front of you so I 'll point out the highlights . Information has come that a bomb may detonate today somewhere in this city . And in this instance , that bomb is a human being . Three operatives of Project Tin Man have been accounted for . Gillespe you 're familiar with , two others have been taken into custody which leaves Diane Burgess . We believe Burgess traveled to D.C. This morning under an alias though we do not have any intelligence on her potential target . A BOLO has been issued to all metro and state police in the area . All potential high-value targets are under surveillance . Agent Dunham and I will coordinate Captain Burgess ' apprehension . Dunham ? Based on our investigation , it 's likely there is a second suspect controlling detonation from a remote location . We believe it 's this man : Colonel Raymond Gordon . The Pentagon lost contact with Colonel Gordon six months ago . He 's off the grid . Officially designated a rogue operative . Now , based on Dr. Bishop 's analysis the explosion is triggered by a specific VHF frequency . Now , if we can locate Captain Burgess in time to get within range we may be able to jam the signal and prevent her detonation . On that point , we suspect that Diane Burgess is unaware she is being used in a suicide bombing . Which means that she is also a potential victim here . We 're gonna do everything that we can to get her back to her family alive . Diane Burgess has just been located . She 's in a D.C. Metro cab . Dispatcher says she 's headed to the Federal Center metro station . We have time to set up before she arrives . Our objectives are as follows : To prevent the detonation of Diane Burgess and to apprehend Colonel Raymond Gordon . This is Broyles , go ahead . AGENT : Video surveillance and 3-D triangulation model online . Stand by . We wait for Diane Burgess . Snipers ready . Target sighted . Arriving Federal Center Station , south corner . AGENT 1 : Phone 's encrypted , sir . We can 't tap into it . AGENT 2 : No sign of the colonel outside . - Copy that . Keep an eye on her . - Where are we on that signal ? AGENT 1 : Attempting to acquire signal . Three-three-one-point-six megahertz . Excuse me , Agent Broyles , is there an EMP detection device at the station ? All capitol transportation hubs had them installed after 9 / 11 . - What 's the problem ? No problem . It 's just that a security device would scramble all types of radio-wave triggers . That sounds to me like a good thing . AGENT 1 : Frequency acquired . Jamming ready . Prepare to jam the signal . Stand by to apprehend target . But I 'm thinking if the colonel wants Burgess inside then in order to trigger the explosion , he must be inside as well . Once he starts broadcasting , we should be able to triangulate his position . In order to do that , we 'd have to leave the frequency open . We can 't jam it . This could be our chance to find Gordon and apprehend him . AGENT 2 : Target is about to enter the station . Can we move , sir ? I said stand by . How long from when he activates the signal till she detonates ? Thirty seconds , at best . That should give us long enough to be able to locate him . All units , hold position . Let the target enter the building . Go . Attention , travelers , Quik-Trak self-service ticketing is now available at ... - Yes , colonel . GORDON : Your contact will be wearing a black trench coat . I have a briefcase for you . Accept the briefcase and proceed by taxi back to your hotel . - Is that it , sir ? - That 's it , captain . I 'll meet you there . Yes , sir . Thank you , sir . Diane Burgess should be standing near the northwest side of the terminal . We 're still waiting for Gordon to activate the VHF signal . Mr. Davis , please return ... I got her . - She 's by the front entrance . - Keep an eye on her . - Do we have anything from Gordon ? AGENT 1 : Signal hasn 't been activated yet . Number 83 ... She 's on the move . Still no sign of Gordon . That 's it ! That 's the VHF signal . She 'll detonate in 30 seconds . Agent , tell me where Gordon is . Something 's wrong . The signal 's scrambling our equipment . - I can 't get a lock on Gordon . - Smart . The signal is scrambling our equipment . - I think you have something for me . - One Mississippi , two Mississippi . - Thirty seconds . I don 't know what you 're talking about . We 've got her speaking to a man with a briefcase . Not Gordon . - Can you get a lock on the signal ? AGENT 1 : We can 't . Then jam that signal . We 're jamming the signal . I 'm not risking these lives to capture Gordon . Sir , it 's not working . The signal 's too strong . - I 'm locked out . - We have a problem . Dunham , attempts to jam the signal have failed . She 's going to detonate . We have a problem . The signal cannot be jammed . I repeat , the signal cannot ... We just lost radio contact . We need to find Gordon . Copy that . The trigger 's been activated . We don 't have much time . I don 't know who you are . DIANE : Oh , my God . I 've spotted Gordon . I 'm taking him out . Twenty-four Mississippi , 25 Mississippi , 26 Mississippi ... AGENT 1 : We 're online . The signal stopped . All agents , move in . AGENT 2 : FBI ! - What 's this ? - An apartment . Two bedroom , semidetached . Furnished housing for professors . It 's a nice neighborhood . Down the block from where Billy used to live . I 'll call Broyles . See if we can lease it . Okay , 7 and a quarter inches . Hm . Why ? Nothing . Your hand just seemed smaller to me . Okay , we 're good . " We 're good . " What does that mean ? Means that 's all for tonight . Go home . - I just got here . - I know , but I 'm tired . It 's been a long day . You look like you could use some sleep yourself . Come back tomorrow . By then , I 'll have found you the perfect bowling ball . Listen to me , you son of a bitch . I 'm not here to bowl , try on shoes or have you play games with my head . I am here because I was told that you could fix me . Take care , Agent Dunham . GORDON : Meanwhile , we go through our lives unaware . The enemy is among us , and nobody 's doing anything about it . We don 't have any idea the end is coming so we had to take matters into our own hands . We had to send them a message . What was in the briefcase ? They told you I was crazy , didn 't they ? The Pentagon . They said I 'd had a psychiatric break . I told them what I 'm telling you : That they are here collecting data , making observations . That 's what 's in the briefcase . GORDON : They 've been planning for war . And they 've been passing information via courier right under our noses . Who are " they " ? We don 't know who they are . GORDON : But I can tell you what they want . They want to exterminate us . So they are studying us , our culture , our technology , our science and they plan to use it against us . One way or another , we 'll find out who they are . GORDON : But by then , I suppose it won 't really matter because whatever is in those cases is going to destroy us all .
