 Who 's this ? Louisa Raposa , their spokesperson . Two sets of doctors said our illness had nothing to do with Iraq . One hired by Battle Support , one by the Pentagon . - Welcome to Canada . - Thank you . So we spent a week loading out these bombed out buildings , even the dirt under them , into these big biohazard barrels . What was in the buildings ? Iraqi military supplies . They wouldn 't tell us more . Now ten of us are fucking dying . They weren 't exposed to anything . They were using state-of-the-art hazmat gear . - There 's no tank ? - No . Why wouldn 't they send a tank ? I mean , maybe that 's what infected them . This is the military . The air tanks are collecting the workers ' moisture . It 's about the water . From a big machine on the back of a truck . It was called something funny , it was like ... a Reimer . I have a dozen sick people , and a team of scientists who say that the most probable cause is a Reimer . I 've been offered a senior position in another lab . Oh . That 's ... that 's great , Bob . I 'm leaving , Jill . Bye . I think I see where Jill went wrong . Well , listen , if she calls , don 't tell her anything . But this is my last day . 1x10 - The Source That was Jersey , I 'll pay you back . Oh , don 't worry about it . It 's too bad you don 't play the flute . So , who were you talking to ? My husband . - Are you ... happily married ? - Very . Good . Lucky ... lucky guy . You pussy . It was my mother . Don 't do that . Come over here , you . Ooh , aye-aye-aye . Hey ! Any word from Jill and Carlos on the SACS outbreak ? Their plan landed in Campeche , they 're on the way to a temporary lab . Good . - Did somebody 's gerbil die ? - Bob . Bob had a gerbil ? - Bob 's not here . - His stuff 's gone . Well , he actually left ? Well , he 's gone , David . No . Guys with Asperger 's , they can barely change their socks , let alone their jobs , so there 's no way ... I 'll call him . That 's a nice shirt , but ... - Ah , his phone must have ... - Call him at home . He doesn 't have a home phone . Gamelan chews it when it rings or something . From Washington , the Reimer . Oh , looks like you 're going to need a new biochemist , David . You know , we do have 2 other biochemists . - Yeah , but not Bob ! - With Jill and Carlos in Mexico , we 're already short-staffed . Don 't worry , okay . Bob is like a homing pigeon , he always comes back ... I didn 't mean it to sound that way . You know what ? I 'm going to go to my office , now . I 'll just leave that here . He 'll be back , he 'll be back . Caroline , where would you like me to set this up ? Over here . Ooh , that 's Doctor Valada . In the ... In the truck . Shit ! He said that they took him to another hospital because there 's no blood left here . Jesus ! Hi . Carlos Serrano ... - Oh , Alejandro Malavilla . - Holà Alejandro , mucho gusto . Jill Langston . I 'm just going to check and make sure his stuff 's not all broken . Okay . Beavers have no exterior sexual organs , but they do have castor oil glands , which is where many perfumes get their scent . People in the Middle Ages thought that these glands were testicles and that when the beaver was being chassed by hunters , in order to escape , it would bite off its own testicles and throw them at the hunters . Castor , castrate , get it ? Yeah . Tell you what , Bob you , huh ... You come back to the lab and you can tell me the whole megillah , hmm ? Well ... I huh ... I have another lab . Bob , it 's a cosmetics factory . It 's a laboratory of the olfactory sciences . We 've got a Reimer . Really ? It 's amazing . No bigger than a bar fridge . Turns salt water , human waste , anything into pure drinking water . Except it has a flaw . Exactly . So we 've got to take it apart , figure out what poisoned Louisa and her gang . And nobody can figure it out : US military , private companies , NASA , nada . Sounds fascinating . But I 've moved on . Professionally and emotionally . Bob , how long have we known each other ? Like ... Ten years , 5 months , 4 days . Right . So , you just tell me what you need to hear . Whatever it takes , you 're coming home to NorBAC . That 's what you said the last time . Remember ? The last what time ? When you had your first lab and you couldn 't afford to pay me for 6 months . " Whatever it takes , Bob , I want you to stay . " So I started moonlighting for Miss Richmond . Yeah , and you were supposed to quit when we got the NorBAC gig . Miss Richmond has always encouraged my passion for perfumes . Let me get this straight . I 'm understaffed , I 'm overworked , I 'm dealing with cutting edge technology , but you 'd rather be out there making women smell better with beaver balls ? - There , you did it again . - What ? You never listen . Jesus Christ , Bob ! What are you , my fucking wife ? I told you . Not balls , glands . Fucking hell . Hey , how 's it going ? You really should have a biochemist or a microbiologist on this . Well , one of them in Mexico and the other one 's on Venus . Did you give the analysis of the nano filter material to Genwen like I told you ? Yes . He 's slow . He 's methodical . What 'd you get ? It 's fabulous . Lead , arsenic , chromium , radioactive metals . All removed at rates of 99.999 % . Do you want me to call Bob or should Caroline ? We will get a replacement . Right . Is there a senior biochemist anywhere who 's still talking to you ? David ! Jill 's on line 4 . Thank you , Weston , your timing 's impeccable . Yeah ? David , everything 's come up negative . I can 't find anything that remotely looks like a virus or a bacterium . What about epidemiology ? Well , it 's difficult to correlate . None of the victims have any obvious factors in common that would point to a mode of transmission . Not even food ? Well , that looked good until we came upon number 6 , who 's a hermit , completely isolated . Even grew his own food . He bled to death when he lost a tooth . Well , I guess that leaves you with 2 strong candidates : Airborne or waterborne . Yeah , Doctor Valada has pretty much covered both those theories . I wouldn 't trust anybody 's research on this . Okay . We 'll get on it . David , has Bob said anything about my experiment ? Bob ? Yeah ! He says it 's huh ... He says it 's going well . Listen , Mayko needs me , I 've got to go . Oh ... okay . What 's wrong ? Bye . You didn 't hear ? Bob found out where Jill went wrong . - Shit . She made a mistake ? - Yep . Ooh , she 'll go nuts . Yep . All right . Where 's Bob ? The red Xs show deaths , the Os , recoveries . - Does it have the latest victims ? - As of midnight last night . Now , these are wind charts , but I couldn 't get accurate recent statistics . Why ? Hum ... Because the man who runs the weather station here was victim 2 . So , the arrows indicate historic wind speed and direction patterns for this time of year , the larger the arrow , the stronger the wind . It does not explain the dissemination of the outbreak . Did you try running any dynamic analysis ? Enviro protocols , all came up negative . So then , we 're left with water . Which leaves us nowhere , because ... Jill ? Can you ... Can you show me that previous page , please ? - With the wind ? - Yes . This is not what happened . We had lots of hot winds coming from the south in the last few weeks . It 's very unusual . So ? This Reimer is incredible . Shit . Look . Jesus , the fluorite 's like a 1000 times greater than ultra porous membranes . I want one of these in my apartment . What do have left to look at ? The analysis of the nano filter material . - Where is Genwen ? - Being methodical . You might as well warn Louisa that things are looking bad . Me ? You 're the one who brought her here . You 're the one who 's fucking her . Hey ! David , any progress ? Thank you . Yeah , check this out . Okay . Thirsty ? What did you pour into it at the front end ? We want to see if you can tell the difference . Between ? - My piss and Mayko 's . - Oh , Jesus ! Definitely Mayko 's . How does it work ? All right . Reimer uses this pretty amazing nano particle filtration system , right ? Nano particle ? As in a nanometre wide . One billionth of a metre . Right . So you put like , polluted water , sweat , piss , whatever , through it and ... the cleanest water you 'll ever drink . Is there anything that could get through ? - Some minute trace elements . - And that couldn 't hurt me ? No , your body 's natural defences will take care of whatever gets through . You 've got to love American know-how . Especially when it 's based on Soviet technology . So this suit , the Reimer , they did what they were supposed to do ? As far as we can tell , yeah . Unless we 're missing something , a nano chemical , a nano virus . A good biochemist might be helpful . Bob doesn 't work here anymore , Mayko . It 's a shame . I hate to think we 're missing something . You 'd better start thinking about getting down to Mexico . Right . Fine . This is the updated wind pattern matrix . So you were right , Alejandro . Winds from the south , but what 's down there ? - It 's very remote . - This isn 't ? More remote . Very few people live there . No farming . Industry ? No . - Military ? - No . Nothing . Nothing at all . Except the Yankees . Hey , there ! Whoo ! Thanks . Hey . Hi . - Welcome to Phat Phoods . - Hi , Carlos- - - I 'm Angela Rover . - Carlos Serrano . Hi . Jill Langston with NorBAC . Awesome . Very interesting set up you have here . Oh , thanks , yeah . A bunch of us were doing our PhD 's at Bryce , doing our pharmacology , biotech , botany , nutrition . How we met actually playing ultimate Frisbee . But nobody wanted to work for corporate jobs , so we started our own . So you 're going to keep all those millions for yourselves ? No . No . These crops are not designed to make millions , just to help millions . And there 's nothing wrong with biotechnology , just something wrong in how it 's exploited . Angela , who funds you ? We went to the Silicon Valley . Left a week later with $ 20 million in start up . So , we moved here to work and live cheaply . What are your test crops ? We 've got some bananas that lower cholesterol , we 've got some high-protein rice , hypoallergenic peanuts . So far it 's a peanut that everybody 's allergic to . Here 's something interesting . This is a mustard we 're developing . Grows just about anywhere and we 're hoping we can seed it using crop plants . And what 's so special about it ? Well , there are a hundred million unexploded land mines in the world that are killing and maiming an average of- 26,000 people every year , yeah . - Yeah . That 's right . So , what we 've done is we 've genetically modified this mustard so that if it comes in contact with a buried land mine , it turns red not green . - That 's incredible ! - I know . - Have you written this up ? - No , not yet . We 've got a ways to go , so ... And what are those ? Okay , this is our crass commercial crop . Just something to make some funds . It 's onions that don 't make you cry . - Oh . Any luck ? - Yeah , we 're getting there . You know , we used to think that the cry factor was part of the aroma flavour biochemistry and that the tears were a by-product . But in fact , the release of the cry factor is just to ward off predators . So , an onion 's like a skunk ? Yeah , kind of . Fantastic . So , can we get samples ? - Yeah , sure . Even of the onions ? - Everything . Hey , you don 't think they 're causing the anticoagulation syndrome , do you ? - Let 's be sure . - All right . Come this way . The lab totally sucks without you , Bob . That 's nice . - We need you . David needs you . - No , he doesn 't . Yes , he does . Look , your brain is so stuffed with ideas ... A lot of it 's misfiled . You go places his brain doesn 't go . Unusual solutions . Well , let 's face it , your mind works differently . Why are these so painful to open ? So , you had a question ? I guess it 's ... What ... What are we missing ? Nothing gets through ? - 1 in a million parts . - That 's not enough to make you sick . No , it 's too diluted , right ? I mean , and we can 't find anything that wouldn 't get knocked-out by your body 's defences . What about something your body wouldn 't recognize ? It wouldn 't knock that out . Like what ? I don 't know . An impostor . A Trojan horse ? I don 't know what you 're talking about , Bob . I don 't know either . Hmm . That 's lunch . I 've got to go . Bob , think about it . Thanks , Mayko . Oh , say hi to everyone at the lab . Bye . So , that 's it ? We 're all paranoid hypochondriacs ? A bunch of rip-off artists ? Nobody said that . Yes , they did . Right to my face . It wasn 't us . You know . When Mayko introduced you as Dr. David Sandstrom , I said to myself : " Another fucking doctor ! " I 'm a doctor that fucks , but I 'm not a fucking doctor . Oh , yes , you are . I mean , you don 't got the penthouse and the Mercedes . You 've got that " even my shit 's holy " attitude . Louisa , I am not talking about what happened , I 'm talking about what we can prove . Well , if you can 't prove what happened then you suck . And now , you 're just ... You 're leaving , you 're running off to Mexico . There 's been an outbreak , okay ! People are dying . God damn it ! People are dying right here , David ! All right , what is it ? What happened ? Rita , uh ... She died this morning . She 's got kids , man . No history of the disease . Me neither . I 'm going to need a mastectomy . Double for me . No , just don 't . - Come here . - No ! You know what ? - Louisa ... - No . Louisa , Louisa , Louisa . I 'm sorry . Hey ... I 'm sorry . Smells like Indian food . Definitely Southern . - Hi , David . - Bob ? What are you doing here ? - I thought I was invited for dinner . - Of course you were , Bob . Oh , yeah . Right , yeah . Absolutely . Okay , get in here , Bob . Huh ... Louisa , Bob Melnikov , formerly of my lab . Louisa Raposa . - Hi , Bob . - Hi , Louisa . This is Gamelan . Hi , Gamelan . - Indian food . Coincidence . - Why ? - You remember E.H. Hankin ? - Yeah . In 1896 , he was the one who discovered that the River Ganges , an open sewer , really did have magical powers when you drank it , but when you boiled the water to kill the germs , it lost it 's magical powers . Why ? Cholera . People had cholera and there was something in the Ganges that when you drank it , it killed the spread of the cholera bacteria . What was it ? - Bacteria phages . - Sorry , what ? Bacteria phages . Viruses that infect bacteria . Where are you going with this , Bob ? Well , I was thinking DNA transfer . Unrecognized bacteria , no immune response . Holy shit ! Wait , what are we talking about ? Well , okay , let 's say you know you 've got some nasty bacteria in the salt marshes in Iraq , so you 're going to want to run this through a filtration system - like the Reimer , right ? - Yeah , they did that . But wouldn 't the filtration system keep the bacteria from getting through ? All but 10 in a million , as we 've discovered . Right , and that 's nothing for your body 's natural immune system to take care of . That 's why people have been calling you a paranoid hypochondriac . But , if those 10 little bacteria got infected with bacteria phages , that 's all it would take . Isn 't it , Bob ? - That 's my theory . - What theory ? It 's not the bacteria , it 's the bacteria phages infecting the bacteria , that 's the problem . Check it out . Let 's say this is one of the nasty bacteria that managed to miraculously get through the Reimer unscathed , okay . All by itself , not a problem . One would think , except , it 's been infected with a bacteria phage , which is a virus . So , it multiplies and pretty soon , 1 becomes a million and eventually they bust out . Now , here 's the thing . Some bacteria phages can carry DNA . So , when they all explode out of the cell , and remember , there 's millions of them , they could be carrying toxic genes that they 've picked up from the nasty bacteria . Toxic genes attack internal organs . They can develop cancer cells , they can do anything . Bob , you 're a genius . Only if we can prove that that 's what happened to Louisa and her friends . Otherwise , I 'm still just Bob . No , Bob , you 're a genius . Thank you , David . Do you think this could be it ? It 's a way . It may be the only way that would explain how this ship from the marshes in Iraq managed to find a home inside you . Hey , food 's here guys , if you 're hungry . - Sorry ? What ? - No , he 's not hungry . He 's not hungry ? - Smells good . - Yeah . I don 't even know what I have here , there was no menu . She just sort of told me what I should eat . Let 's see what we 've got . Ah , this is pampana in salsa verde ... - Fish ? - Muy bien . Hmm , very good . - Ooh . Is that cocinita pibil ? - I have no idea . - You have to try that , it 's very good . - Okay . Ave Maria purisima . Are those papasules ? I don 't know . Jill , you have to try that , that 's like the best thing . Forget the pibil . Okay . Jill , Jill , try one of those , they 're great . - Okay . Do you want one ? - Sure . I 'll take a bite . So , it looks like they 've inserted a genetic splice into the mustard that causes it to react to the nitric oxides that leak out of the explosives into the soil . It might affect nitric oxide in your body . - No , the genetic splice ... - Not this , okay . No . And nitric oxide levels inhibit blood clots . That 's delicious . Results just came in from Berkley and they genotyped it . So , from left to right . New samples , archival water from the UN , and one we found in Louisa 's blood . Similar but different . All right , let 's look specifically for virulence genes . Bob ? I 'm on it . Hi Bob , nice to have you back . Oh , thanks Wes , but it 's just temporary . Sure . - You off ? - Yeah . Yeah . - David , it 's Carlos . - Hey . So , we thought we had the critical link , this GMO mustard , but our test didn 't hold up . - I can 't hear you very well . - What ? - What was the problem ? - The problem is that we were wrong . Nothing in the genetically-altered plant could cause the magnitude of the disorder showing up in the victims . Have you got an alternative hypothesis ? None . - Make one up . - Believe me , I 'm trying David . Look , when can you get down here ? I 'm on a flight tomorrow . I want to finish up with this Reimer thing first . - Oh , you got something ? - We 're close . Let me speak to Jill . Huh , she 's indisposed . - Meaning ? - She 's in the servicios . The toilet , the loo , the W-C . Ah , well , don 't give up . - See you tomorrow . - Okay . Bring toilet paper . The softer , the better . I use a bidet . - ... temporary . - Sure . - You off ? - Yeah , see you . I can be at the gym in like , 20 minutes . Want to get some Korean afterwards ? Just hold on a second . Crap . Yeah , I , uh ... I 'll see you there . All right , Manny , great . How are you doing ? - What are you doing here , Elliott ? - Yeah , nice to see you too . - Is there somewhere we can go and talk ? - I 've got nothing to say . Look , I just drove 12 hours to get here . The least you can do is have a drink with me . Are you drinking again , Elliott ? I guess this born again thing is working out about as well as - all your other endeavours , huh ? - I was thinking coffee . Sorry , I 've got plans . Oh yeah ? Where are you prancing off to ? You 've got some cock to suck ? Fuck you ! Grow up , Elliott ! Hey , it 's all right . Fuck ! I 'm out of here . Just escort him , please . Wes , are you okay ? Who was that ? My brother . Nice . Well , don 't give up . See you tomorrow . I use a bidet . Elliott never had much time for Aunt Rose . A couple of years ago , he found Jesus . Beating up one 's brother doesn 't seem very Christian . Rose had a stroke 3 years ago and I had to put her into this healthcare facility . But she made me the power of attorney so that I could manage her estate . Big estate ? She had stocks and uh ... A great house in West Palm Beach which she doesn 't want to give up . Some land in Montana that she ain 't going to sell that 's about worth 3 million dollars . And you get it all when she dies ? No . No , both of us , actually . It 's like ... We 're all that she has left but she 's going to be around for a long , long time . And your brother wants his share now ? Yeah . That 's all I talked about the last two years . You going to be okay ? Thank you . So , a few bacteria phages from the Iraqi marshes got through the Reimer 's filter ? That 's right . Enough to cause breast cancer , kidney failure , fibromyalgia ? Well , bacteria phages amplify themselves and as they do this , they infect your natural bacteria with new genetic material , okay ? So this could cause the good bacteria to mutate and start secreting toxins which causes everything from cancer to organ failure . But from the outside , they still look like your friendly neighbourhood bacteria . Bob 's idea , Trojan horse . And now , the toxins are out there and they 're able to spread to every corner of your body . Which is why they cause so many different illnesses . - Why didn 't ' everyone get sick ? - Exactly . We need to find out if the immune systems of the healthy ones were able to conquer any mutating bacteria or if they just became carriers , spreading it without even realising it . We need our chief virologist to figure that part out . Which is why , Jill , you 're on the next plane up . David will take your place in Mexico . That 's fine with me . How soon do you want me back there ? I 'm on the next flight down . Oh , good ! I 'll wave at you as our planes pass over Chicago . Carlos , you still there ? Hey . I 'm not going anywhere . Someone has to keep you out of trouble . Adios , amigo . Mayko is going to put everything we found out in a great big , fat file , full of colour pictures and graphs and diagrams and the resumes of everybody who works at the lab . With that , you should be able to get a lawyer anywhere to take your case . Yeah , well , you know , I can see it now , man . The suit manufacturers will blame the canister . The canister people will blame the Reimer . The Reimer people will blame the contractors and the contractors will blame the army , who will blame the suit . - See what I 'm saying ? - You knew all that going in . Oh no , no . I learned that along the way . But once I start there 's no stopping me . Well , you 'll get justice , eventually . Yeah , but the lawyers pocket most of the money . Hey , come over here . I got you . What about you , you motherfucker ? You 're leaving me . Stay . I 'll be back soon . Or come with me . I got to go home to Jersey . I got to get this lawsuit going . I got to get on with my life . Thanks . Bienvenido à Mexico , Senior Sandstrom . Oh , necessita una cerveca ! That 's necessito . It 's necessita . For a guy , necessito . Just give me a fucking beer . I got it . I got it . We 've had 3 deaths since we 've been here , but that 's only because the Mexican military has half the army shuttling people to the hospitals . There 's no let up in cases . How many ? 125 a week , with blood transfusions they all seem to recover . I still think the altered mustard is a good candidate . It 's not airborne , David . Yeah , I know , but I 'm thinking maybe the ground water got polluted with the nitric oxide . A long shot . And you know what , I 'm running out of other ideas . Well , let 's go to the reservoir and get some water samples , huh ? What reservoir ? The one we 're going to find . Oh , fuck ! You sure you don 't want some netting ? I have it in the Jeep . No , no ! I 'm fine . What 's going on with Jill 's experiment ? Bob sent me an e-mail , said it was all screwed up . You know , when I was teaching grad students , I told them All mistakes are not created equal , and the earlier you make a mistake , the farther off course you 're going to end up . So , you 've got to be diligent so your mistakes can be postponed . Hopefully to another lifetime . You told Jill ? Not yet . What are you waiting for ? I 'm hoping to postpone it to another lifetime . Oh ! Fuck ! Hey ! We 're dealing with an acute anticoagulation pathology here , right ? Yeah . Mosquitoes can cause anticoagulation . David , do you realise how much anticoagulant you would need to reach the levels we 've been monitoring in the victims ? You would need millions and millions of bites . I feel like I have a million . Fuck off ! What if we 're dealing with a bunch of mosquitoes that flew too close to a nuclear power station and got radioactively-enhanced super mosquito powers , eh ? Well , there goes that theory . Okay , results . Whose dumb idea was that ? What do you know about mosquito genes ? Which one ? They have about 14,000 of them . Seems to me we 're missing the obvious . I mean , mosquitoes use an anticoagulant to keep your blood from clotting while they take it . There 's this GMO facility in the neighbourhood with god-knows-what kind of crazy genes floating around inside . Who 's to say there aren 't a couple of super mosquitoes flying around out there ? We would have to test a million mosquitoes . We could offer a peso per mosquito . How about a beer for a bottleful ? Hey , Elliott , it 's me . I think we should talk . - Wes ... - Just hold on a second , please . Hi , these are the receipts for our flight , hotels , some food , but most of it went in the garbage . Just fill in the receipt forms , photocopy it and then file them on Monday . Come on , be a pal ? Bye . Sorry about that . I really think we should . Because we should , come on ... Oh , hi Jill . Did David tell you where I think you made the mistake in your experiment ? " It 's pretty simple , really . " It turns out the cells you used was never the immediate transcription response ... " I 'm sorry , we all make mistakes . Carlos , come take a look at this . The results just came in from Berkley . What the hell caused that ? Water pollution ? No , don 't say air pollution either . Right there . I see an anomaly but ... That has been genetically engineered . What ? No . No . Maybe something jumped the species barrier ... It 's man-made . No . The sequence shows there 's a malinari element on some plasma DNA . It 's going to take us forever to figure it out down here . We 're going to have to get this mosquito flown back to Bob . Okay . Well , you think globally , I will shop locally . All right . So , this is what you call middle class living ? Sit down , Elliott . What 's this proposition that you want to put out there ? The way I see it , this is fair . Every time that you 've gotten into trouble , I 've been there for you . When you lost your job , when you were trying to go dry , both times , I was there . Yeah . That 's the old Elliott . When it was time to move Rose from her house to the home , I 'm the one that helped her pack , I moved her , I visited her ... I was going through a divorce , Wes . This is my proposal . I want to give you $ 100,000 out of my pocket . That 's all I have to give . But when Rose dies , I want to keep the house . That 's fucking bullshit ! The house is worth 10 times that much . We 'll still be splitting the estate . Elliott , you 'll get a fair share . I 've been gambling . Jesus Christ ! I owe money , Wes . I owe a lot of money . That 's all I have to offer , man . Well , sell the fucking house in Florida . Rose isn 't going to sell it . You make her sell it , you god damn ... faggot . Your co-workers know you 're a fag ? - I 'm not gay , Elliott . - Fuck off , you 've got AIDS , don 't you ? I 've got HIV . I got it from a prostitute in Prague . She was so fucking beautiful , man . For 10 extra bucks , I didn 't even have to use a condom . See ? Stupidity runs in our family . I don 't believe you , Wes . I don 't give a fuck what you believe . Go . No . No one is doing GMO work with mosquitoes in Mexico but ... Yeah ? It 's Mayko . Oh , hey Mayko . I 'm going to put you on speaker . Hey , Mayko . How 's it going up there ? Bob 's doing the PCR of the mosquito splice . Anyway , people in the French-language chatroom say there 's a Belgian biotech doing research on mosquitoes . Where ? - No one knows . - Mosquitoes and what ? Couldn 't find out . Well , how do they know ? This guy went out with a woman who used to work there . Jesus , Mayko ! Well , what did you find out , David ? Nothing . Did you call the company and ask them ? - No . - No ? God ! How come you 're so fucking smart ? Cheers . Salud ! Yeah ? They 're over the border in Guatemala . Guatemala ? Yeah , they 're there because the government has excused them from all environmental laws . They actually told me that ! They 're about 400 km south of you . The company is called Entogène . You want to talk to a Jacques Rafause . Malaria , she kills over 2 million people a year in Africa alone . And it 's caused by a parasite . The parasite , she spread in the saliva of the mosquito . The mosquito inserts the parasites , along with anticoagulation saliva into the human . So , what we have done at Entogène is to genetically alter the mosquito so that an anti parasitic protein in the salivary gland of the mosquito is over expressed to kill the parasite before it reaches the human . And so , we eradicate malaria . Yeah , Dr. Rafause , Dr. Rafause ... Could we review your documentation ? Absolutely . I will make espresso . Carlos , come here and take a look at this sucker . The doc engineered a chromosome right here using a p-element containing a salivary gland specific promoter . - A transposon ? - Yeah , a jumping gene . Hey , a Mexican jumping gene ! A transposon is unstable DNA that jumps from one gene to another . In this case , it was a multiplying transposon that they spliced in and it jumped from where they put it in the antiparasite gene and it found itself a nice cozy little home next to an anticoagulation gene in the mosquito . - That happens ? - Well , I 'm not making this shit up . Now the mosquito , well his anticoagulation proteins are being hugely , hugely overproduced . He 's basically a factory for anticoagulant . So , it blocks coagulation in the mosquito 's human victims . The body bleeds to death . We think the anti clotting last for about 24 hours . Afterwards , the body recovers . But in those 24 hours , if you cut yourself , say scrape your knee , you basically bleed to death . Even if ... the males don 't bite and the recombining females are all trapped in there . How could they escape ? - May we , Dr. Rafause ? - Sure . - Hmm ... How are you getting out ? - They don 't . What about the males ? We hatch here , harvest the females and kill the males . How do you sex the females ? It 's an old trick . The females want blood for reproduction , so we put a bag full of warm water on top of the cage . The females are attracted to the warmth and congregate around the bag and with a vacuum cleaner , I can suck out the males and leave the females inside the cage . What are the chances you might suck out 1 of the females by mistake ? 0.01 % . That , doctor , is not as low a number as you might think . It might allow some of the females to stay with the males . What 's the difference ? The males get killed . So , I lose a few females too . - Can you show us how you do it ? - Sure . So , I use a vacuum cleaner . Will you hold it for me , please ? So , you insert in there . And then ... the bag of the vacuum cleaner is burned in the room over there . Nothing gets out . Yeah , but ... They would have to get out of the room . Well , let 's see . Merde ! Pasteur Institute got back to us . They have an experimental larvicide that only kills mosquitoes and has no known effects on any other species . The Mexican air force is going to take care of the aerial spray . Oh , that 's great . Let 's get a report out to Connor on the Reimer . Jill 's working on it . We 're going to have something by the end of the week . Okay . Bob ? Could we steal you for a few days to help Jill with that report ? Oh well , I think I could find the time to do it at home . Okay , then , Bob . If there 's anything you need , just let me know . You wanted to see me ? Yes . Bob , I want you to stay . I think when it comes to work , you do your best . You try your damn hardest , right ? So , make sure you work somewhere challenging where your mind and your spirit are both engaged . But perfume is challenging . But NorBAC isn 't the same as everywhere else . No ? It 's more fun , more interesting . So that means you might stay ? I can 't . I already left . Melnikov Magic . Oh ! Wow ! Not bad . It 's fabulous . It 's based on ancient Aztec plants and herbs , an untapped universe for perfumery . You really like it ? Yeah . Oh . Miss Richmond says it 's too subtle . Miss Richmond likes everything on the nose . That 's perfume talk . I mean , there 's a full orchestra of scents and sensibilities but all she wants are the strings and horns and I want to do something with the oils from the Guarani . I 've been e-mailing a tribal shaman who says he can source us leaves from the Amazon but Miss Richmond says its too expensive and I should use synthetics instead . - Synthetics ? - I know . Can I come back ? Hemorrhagic fever in smallpox . Game over . MI-5 . MI-5 ? Cool ! Listen , we need to talk . Our friend Martin Jamieson , a.k.a William Zanzinger was found dead in Cape Town . Write this down . Bethke Labs , B-e-t-h-k-e Labs , Cape Town , South Africa . Tell James Bond to get us all the biohazard samples he can . Well , I think we should keep Gamelan here for a couple of days , put her on a drip . There 's no reason to go home . My dog 's in the hospital . Gammy ? What 's wrong with her ? From the motherland . Wait a minute , this is weaponized ? It looks like they increased the incubation period of the virus . See ? You 're learning a little science , I 'm learning a little intelligence . Right now , one of those countries may be the biggest threat . Caroline , please ! Colin , tell me . Let me do my job . He 's pointing a loaded gun right at us again . Jesus Christ ! Subtitles : kubilai Lama Transcript : Raceman
