 the world will have to deal with us . previously on the 4400 ... well , i 'm putting together profiles of the people who 've taken the shot . pretty soon , kevin thinks he 'll be able to predict who will survive the shot and who won 't . you 're asking me to tell people not to take promicin ? only for a few months . i am not making any announcement . who are you ? i 'm lindsey . [ diana ] : this is maia rutledge . she was the first one to disappear as far as we can tell . [ maia ] : they 're dead , aren 't they ? [ curtis peck ] : there 's a faction of elites who want the future to stay exactly as it is . i call them " the marked . " [ marco ] : what about imroth ? the ceo of ubient software 's supposed to be some kind of double agent from the future ? tell the others i went to see the ntac agents . baldwin thinks it 's some kind of ploy . when we need him , he 'll be there for us . you 're becoming your new self . do what tom baldwin would do . find isabelle tyler . you ... have to take your abilities back . then you 're going to bring jordan collier to me . [ sighs ] [ gasps ] tom , what 's going on ? i felt restless . i kept tossing and turning , and i ... i didn 't want to wake you . so you were just ... sitting there ? no. i was watching you sleep . it 's kind of relaxing . well , i 'm awake now . so why don 't you come back to bed ? there . isn 't this more relaxing ? andaluca 's ? isn 't that a little bit fancy ? so ? i 'm not a little kid anymore . i just miss the days when the only place you 'd eat was charlie 's pizza palace . mom , that was , like , a long time ago . oh , yeah , at least a year . besides , it 'd be fun eating spanish food with ben again . honey , i hope you 're not getting your hopes up for nothing . i know that ben said that he might make it , but london is a long way off . i promise i won 't be disappointed , but on my birthday , it 's just been ... i don 't know , just you and me , and with ben , it would feel more like family . whoa ! excuse me ! are you okay ? yeah . what 's that ? [ shouting ] is this real money ? certainly looks like it . " these little green scraps of paper " you 're fighting over are worthless . " " welcome to the new world . " the new world ? that 's right out of jordan collier 's playbook . it sounds like it , but can we be really sure these atm malfunctions are being caused by some 4400 ability ? because it could be the work of some sophisticated computer hacker who 's just looking to create some havoc . actually , i have to go with a p-positive here , diana . so far , 58 atms from four separate banking institutions have been affected . that means four separate computer mainframes have been compromised . thousands and thousands of dollars are being randomly dispensed . every time they shut down a cash machine , another one goes haywire . i 'd like to meet the computer hacker that can pull that off- - you know , without an ability . pretty aggressive move , though , i mean , even for collier . you want to create a new world , first , you have to destroy the old one , and disrupting the economy 's a pretty good way to start . i wouldn 't mind driving . does that work for you ? yeah , be my guest . i 'm going to need an hour or two before we go see collier . is there something wrong ? hopefully not . i 've got an appointment for a cat-scan . what ? it 's just a precaution . ever since the mole came back , i 've been a little on edge . you don 't feel any different , do you ? you mean , am i one of the marked ? some kind of zombie controlled by a future human ? not ... not yet , anyway . look , i 'll call you when i 'm done with the hospital . uh-huh . are you sure you won 't reconsider , mr. chatha ? taking the shot would be hugely beneficial , not only to you , but to the millions of your readers who would follow your example . yes , but you have to understand that there is no guarantee that this alleged compatibility test of shawn farrell 's will ever be perfected . [ sighs ] yes . yes , well , if you change your mind , the door 's always open . we have your cousin to thank for that . but maneck chatha 's name is on the list in the white light book . we already know he can survive the shot . it 's his followers he 's worried about . why risk their lives when shawn 's announced it 's only a matter of time before the test is available ? too bad you lost chatha . it wouldn 't have happened if you 'd done what i told you to . yeah , i know . stop shawn , right ? what does that mean exactly ? i was hoping you 'd figure that out for yourself . shawn 's not developing this test by himself . what you need to do is get rid of kevin burkhoff . get rid of him ? what am i supposed to do exactly , kill the guy ? i expect you to do whatever it takes to fulfill the prophecy and help jordan collier bring heaven to earth . good morning , isabelle . i hope you 're feeling at home . you know , i have to say , of all of our ... real estate holdings , this place is my favorite . you know , i thought you 'd like to know , tomorrow , your father 's being moved from seattle to an ntac holding facility in virginia , which means you need to agree to take your abilities back before richard steps on that plane , because if you don 't , he 's not getting off it . you already caused your mother 's death . do you want to be responsible for your father 's , too ? even if i agreed to take the shot , what 's the point ? the government doctors already told me that promicin will kill me . we can change that , isabelle . i guarantee you 'll live to fulfill to destroy the 4400 , and anyone else with a trace of promicin in their system , and you will start by bringing us jordan collier . you know , kyle used to talk about you all the time . he said you were a decent man , but then you 're not tom baldwin , are you ? [ laughs ] tom baldwin ... tom baldwin was a confused and unhappy man . i 've given him the clarity of purpose he desperately needed , and i want to give that to you , isabelle . after all , i created you- - placed you in your mother 's womb to make sure you were sent back in that ball of light , so you could protect the world from the 4400 . no , isabelle , promicin is evil . people who use it are evil . their goal isn 't to change the world , it is to end it . you can stop them . you have to stop them . it 's what you 're meant to do . how can you say no to your destiny ? [ * * * ] * so long ago , another life * * i can feel your heart beat * * it 's not a dream remember us * * i can see it in your eyes * * we 'll find our place in time * * our place in time beyond the sun * * we 'll find our place in time * * our place in time to call our own * manual labor in promise city ? isn 't that a bit old school ? nothing wrong with old school , when it comes to a little sweat and muscle . having an ability can lead to complacency , and complacency ... is the measure of a dying society . welcome to the new world . you 're here about the attacks on the banking system . you know about that ? i try to stay current , but i can assure you that despite the attacker 's utopian signature , nobody here had anything to do with it . can you really be sure of that ? you must have , like , 500 people living here by now . and nobody here would do something like that without jordan 's consent . which i didn 't give . well , ju let us talk to your people , and if nobody did it , then maybe they can help us find out who the hell is responsible . i 'm afraid i can 't do that . you mean you won 't . whoever 's doing this has my best wishes . the system you live in is obsolete . any society that worships at the altar of wealth is doomed , so why not flood the streets with money ... [ voice echoes distantly ] : till those little pieces of paper are as worthless as confetti . [ shouting in rage ] christ , tom , no ! no ! dad , don 't . please don 't ... please don 't , dad . because the future i believe in is one that exists without the need for money . it 's a world where miracles are common currency . now , excuse me , i have some work to do . it 's not just atms anymore . we 're looking at computer system failures all over the country . make that the world . federal agencies , financial institutions , private businesses , even your friendly neighborhood laptops are all crashing , victims of the same corrosive virus that infected the atms . yeah , and these attacks are anything but random . yeah , every malfunctioning computer , including the original atms has one thing in common . they all run ubient 's enzyme operating system . ubient ? that 's drew imroth 's company . so , i guess the question we have to ask is this , are these attacks against drew imroth , the multi-billionaire corporate giant ? or drew imroth , the alleged member of the global conspiracy known as the marked ? the operative word is " alleged . " we don 't even have any hard evidence that the marked exist . tom and i are pretty certain . yeah , that 's right , but even so , ubient is the biggest corporations in the world . if it goes under , we 're all in trouble . sorry. i didn 't mean to interrupt . no , um , everybody , this is abigail hunnicutt . she 's new . we were lucky to grab her . abigail 's been teaching a course in combinatorics and probability at m.i.t. since she was 22 . i also worked my way through graduate school in the men 's department at sak 's . so who knows ? maybe i can ... teach these guys how to dress like grown-ups . i thought everyone should see this . it 's some kind of manifesto . every computer infected with the virus is printing it out . it 's calling for the destruction of all ubient software . which is why , marked or not , we need to speak with drew imroth . [ telephone rings ] hello ? hey , maia . it 's me lindsey . happy birthday . hi . i can 't believe you remembered . you know , it 's not for another two days . whatever . i have got the coolest gift for you . you want to come over ? it 's not that kind of present . you have to come to promise city and see it for yourself . my mom really wants me to stay away from there . she doesn 't have to know . you are so going to thank me for this . [ sighs ] i guess i can come by tomorrow after school . meet me at the southwest corner of beacon and 64th street at 3 : 30 . i 've got some friends here who will help us sneak past the government blockade . okay , bye . yes , mr. secretary , i understand how sensitive your department records are , and i promise that once we get the problem resolved , ubient will do everything possible to retrieve your lost data . believe me , sir , i feel your pain . i 'm a stockholder , too . i warned you that something like this was going to happen . jordan collier and his followers are bent on global revolution , and this assault on my company is the opening salvo . we just came from promise city . collier 's denying any involvement . well , i don 't believe that , and i certainly hope y you two don 't either ! whether it 's collier 's people or some rogue p-positive , it doesn 't really matter , we 'll find him . when will that be , huh ? will i still have a company left by then ? we 're doing our best . all of this could have been avoided if you people had done your jobs in the first place , but , no , you were too busy chasing after imaginary conspiracies . how about it , agent baldwin ? would you like to check my mole again ? that won 't be necessary . glad to see you finally have your priorities straight . i just hope it 's not too late to save my company . with all your success over the years , you must have made your share of enemies . thousands of them . in fact , i keep a list of everyone who 's ever sent me a threatening letter or email . organized by level of vehemence . it 's a hobby . is steve jobs on page one ? you might want to give him a promicin test . [ knocking ] dr. burkhoff , you ready for a break ? not now . i lost quite a bit of data when this computer crashed . right , that 's that ubient virus . the net 's down in the entire building . is that supposed to make me feel better ? i have to reconstruct a 74-page document from memory , and i 'm on , like , what ? page 12 ? well , i appreciate your dedication , but i kind of promised tess that i 'd get you out of the lab once in a while . you spoke to tess ? yeah , just now . sounds like she 's having a great time with her niece . grand-niece , actually . tess was born in 1937 . right , sorry . i forgot . okay , you need a break . i got a surprise for you . come on , it 's a massage . she 's waiting upstairs . no , thank you . i don 't like strangers touching me . the human hand can be so ... clammy . okay , but i already paid for the hour . well , be my guest . enjoy yourself . i 'll just be down here , working to save thousands of lives and change the world for the better . okay . thank you . you know , imroth was not joking when he said he had a lot of enemies . this is going to take all night to get through this . yeah , i think i 'm going to take my half home . that 's a good idea . you really surprised me today at imrot 's office . the way you reacted when he got in your face . well , the guy was having a rough day . i was trying to be diplomatic . i mean , considering what we suspect him of . because he brought up the marked , and you didn 't even ... well , pursue it . neither did you . look , it 's not like he was going to admit to anything . i promise , the next time he gives us some attitude , you 'll see some fireworks , okay ? good night . tom ? yeah ? did you , uh , get the results of the cat scan ? oh , yeah . yeah , i 'm fine . thanks for asking . good night . [ woman giggling ] hello ? hello . hi , kevin . i 'm back . tess ? out here . see me ? tess ? come find me . i thought you weren 't coming back for a few days . kevin , i 'm over here . where are you ? you found me . i brought your breakfast . come on . orders are you 're supposed to eat . let her go ! we 're not supposed to hurt her . [ choking ] morning , diana . hi . read any good death threats lately ? too many . so , what do we got , like , 8,000 suspects ? good luck tracking them all down . so how was your night ? it was kind of strange . i was on my way home when i got a phone call from drew imroth . yeah , i know , it threw me , too . anyway , he told me he had to see me right away , alone at madison park . it all felt a little cloak and dagger , but what was i going to do ? i guess you had to go . exactly . turns out , he wants me to pass the case off to another agent . he 's worried that i 'm still obsessed about proving he 's one of the marked . oh . what did you tell him ? the truth . that he had nothing to worry about . that i 'd do my job to the best of my abilities . then i asked him to name every member of the marked , which led to some of the fireworks you were hoping for . [ cell phone rings ] oh ... you know what ? i better take this . i 'll see you in there . baldwin ... when ? is isabelle all right ? fine . i 'll have to make an excuse here . i 'll be right over . joanna ... what happened ? where 's kevin ? i don 't know . the cleaning staff came in this morning . this is how they found the place . all his work is missing , too . this was jordan . it had to be . he knows about the compatibility test . it 's so strange . all those people willing to risk their lives to get an ability . thinking it 'll make them feel less alone , more powerful . i never felt more alone and less powerful than when i had limitless abilities . it overwhelmed my entire life . became my identity . cut me off from everyone ... my parents , shawn ... it 's only when i lost everything that i found myself , and now you want me to go back there , become that person again . that person is who you are . it won 't be that bad , isabelle . these past few months , you got a little vacation , you spent a little time out in the world , but now it 's time to go back to work . it was nice to be normal ... at least for a little while . okay , so this is a modification of a document authorization program abigail designed while she was at m.i.t. we used it to cross-reference the language in the anti-ubient manifesto with the hate mail directed at drew imroth . we were looking for idiosyncratic phrases and word choices with a high degree of similarity in both documents . now , you can see whoever wrote the manifesto likes to use semi-colons by the handful . he 's also fond of " who " or " which " instead of " that , " and he refers to imroth as " mr. puppetmaster , " a phrase he repeats a total of six times , and what do we find in the hate mail department ? this document . semi-colons . " who " and " which " used again instead of " that , " and finally , our old friend , " mr. puppetmaster . " so the two authors are one and the same . do you have a name for us ? this e-mail is signed " swindled . " imroth put his people on it . they traced it to a warren trask . turns out , back in the early ' 80s , trask designed a primitive version of the enzyme operating system . when imroth came out with a very similar program , trask sued . let me guess . he lost . no , no , it never went to court . imroth offered trask an out-of-court settlement . trask wound up with $ 100,000 . meanwhile , enzyme has made imroth billions . so the guy 's pissed . wouldn 't you be ? you can ask him yourself . he lives right here in seattle . well , nice work , marco . actually , it was all abigail . she buy you that suit , too ? stop looking so freaked out . we 're almost there . i told you i can 't stay long . if my mom finds out- - she won 't . i promised you a birthday surprise , right ? well , here it is . maia ... mom ? dad ? maia , is it really you ? vic , can you believe how big she 's gotten ? she 's still my little girl . i only wish i could give you a great , big birthday hug . me too . but you can 't . you 're just somebody 's 4400 ability . whatever we are , we 're your parents , and we love you so much . excuse me . i 'm agent baldwin , this is agent skouris . we 're with ntac . we 're here to see warren trask . i 'm his daughter , eileen . what 's this all about ? we 'd like to ask your father some questions about drew imroth . well , you can ask him anything you want . just don 't expect any answers . my dad had a stroke three months ago . he hasn 't moved a muscle or said a word since my father was a brilliant man , but he was naive and trusting , and drew imroth took advantage of that to cheat my father out of his life 's work . his career , his marriage , his ... health . my father lost it all . so when did he take the promicin shot ? about six months ago . as far as i know , it didn 't do anything , no ability , nothing , and then he had the aneurysm . do you really still believe he 's behind what 's happening to ubient ? all these machines he 's hooked up to , they 're run by computer , so he 's connected to networks for emergency response monitoring . if his mind is still functioning , and he 's got an ability , then , yeah , he could be the ghost in the machine . well , that would be ... wonderful . daddy , if that 's true , i am so happy for you . don 't stop until you ruin imroth like he ruined you . that 's enough of that . ow ! you 're hurting me . tom , let her go . she 's an accessory to a half-dozen felonies . if there is anything you are holding back , you 'd better tell us now . i don 't know anything , but if my father is bringing down drew imroth , i 'd consider that justice . am i mistaken , or am i looking at a xerces blue butterfly ? i believe that 's what it 's called . the xerces blue has been extinct since 1941 . not here . not anymore . we have a resident who can modify dna to recreate extinct species . only insects so far , but he hopes to work his way up to mammals . i don 't know about you , but i 'd love to see a woolly mammoth in the flesh . i 'm impressed ... and i 'm not easily impressed . a man of your intellect could do just about anything here in promise city . which might be a more persuasive argument if i weren 't a kidnap victim being held against my will . it was my idea to bring you here . jordan knew nothing about it . oh , and is that supposed to make everything all right ? kyle 's method might have been extreme , but i can 't fault his motive . you belong here in promise city with us , kevin . you are the father of the promicin movement . without your discoveries , promise city wouldn 't even exist . i made a scientific breakthrough ... but i didn 't start a religious cult . [ sighs ] kevin , like it or not , you 're revered by everyone here . however , i cannot allow your research to continue . a promicin compatibility test would be death to this movement . all i 'm trying to do is save lives , jordan . so are we . we 're just thinking a little more long-term . so ... until you share our vision , i 'm afraid i 'll have to insist you remain our guest . tomorrow at 8 : 00 a.m. ? i was kind of hoping for something sooner . no , no , we can 't prove conclusively that trask 's our man , but we know he took the promicin shot . okay , if that 's the best you can do . okay , thanks . we can 't get a court order to move trask to ntac medical till morning . but ubient is hemmoraging millions of dollars an hour . the stock market is down over 500 points , and i don 't know about you , but my pension plan is pretty much history . we 've done all we can to isolate him . we 've cut off the phone services and internet to his home . we don 't even know if he needs a phone line to access the net . we need to get trask on the inhibitor , and we need to do it now- - it 's not an option . his doctors have ruled it out . given the state of his health , it 's way too risky . well , maybe it 's worth the risk . just keeping trask under wraps at ntac is no guarantee that the attacks against ubient will stop . what are you suggesting , tom , we kill him ? of course not ! it 's just ... look , it 's just frustrating , for all of us . anyhow , i guess there 's nothing we can do till morning . hey , birthday girl , i 'm home ! why aren 't you dressed yet ? the dinner reservation 's for 7 : 00 . i 'll be ready in time . okay , then we come home and open the presents , all right ? that 'll be good . what 's wrong ? did something happen today ? no . i told you not to get your hopes up about ben . i told you , i 'm past all that . well , that 's good , because i don 't know about you , but i 'm ready for some birthday cake , so let 's get going , okay ? [ cell phone rings ] yeah ? it 's me . tell me you 've got good news . because at this rate , ubient software will cease to exist in three days , which means we lose all our financial backing , not to mention our spyware program- - i get it . don 't worry . i 'm taking care of it . i hope so . oh , my god , daddy ? daddy ? come on ! come on . half a dozen residents claimed they heard the crash . but nobody saw anything ? apparently not . morning . court order come through yet ? uh , yes , it did . not that it matters anymore . why not ? what 's going on ? last night , someone stole a car and plowed it into a telephone pole a few blocks from warren trask 's house . blacked out the entire neighborhood . life support system shut down . it ran on battery power for a while , but we had his daughter 's cell phone jammed . by the time she got to a phone that worked- - trask 's dead ? try not to sound so broken up about it . i 'm just surprised , that 's all . what about the attacks on ubient ? as of this morning , ubient software is running virus-free . seems imroth 's company is going to survive , and so 's the economy . stock market 's already up 200 points . weird way for things to work out , but i guess we 'll take it . yeah , we all got lucky , except for warren trask . yeah . what happened to your head ? hmm ? oh , i banged it on the medicine cabinet in the middle of the night . next time , i 'll turn on the light . good idea . you have five minutes , shawn . tell me what you want . i want you to release kevin burkhoff . don 't tell me he 's not here . dr. burkhoff is here . he 's my guest , and he 'll remain that way for the time being . tell me , jordan , since when did kidnapping become part of this new religion of yours ? that seems like a pretty twisted way to bring the world closer to god . you want to get back in my good graces , shawn ? it 's simple . hold another press conference , announce you 've had a change of heart , and that you now support the taking of promicin . you know i can 't do that . then kevin burkhoff remains my guest , and you ... you 're no longer welcome in promise city . goodbye , shawn . [ gasping in pain ] [ whistling happily ] how is my girl feeling ? like i 'm going to die . ah , it 's just your body ridding itself of the anti-promicin allergens . it 's all part of the process . ah , ah , ah , ah look this way . there you go . now ... it 's time for the next step . [ unzipping case ] [ whistling happily ] don 't . no ... shh ... it 's okay , isabelle . in a few seconds , you are going to feel a lot better . no ... you see ? that wasn 't so bad . oh , and , um ... isabelle , i know what you 're thinking . once your abilities return , you 're going to use them against me . it worked once before when you murdered matthew ross , but i wouldn 't try it again . this time , we 're not taking any chances . we placed a deterrent inside you while you were in prison . call it a , uh ... kill switch . if you move against me , or disobey me in any way , it will be activated , and you will die . [ chuckles ] now , you just rest for another hour or so , and when you get up , you 'll be the most powerful person on the planet ... again . well , i 'm just going to finish up here . you two have a good night . yeah , you too . good night . oh , i have to say , you did wonderful work . with trask out of the way , the company has finally rebounded . the next two fiscal quarters will be shaky at best , but thanks to you , ubient livesnt you 're not celebrating . what 's wrong ? one of the last things trask did was spread your personal data all over the internet . names , phone records , financial statements . they 're all out there for all eyes to see , to study . it could lead to some very dangerous questions . so , we do damage control- - delete all we can and deny the rest . that 'll only feed the conspiracy theorists . so it 's been decided , drew . we 're going to have to take a more radical approach . what do you have in mind ? hi , mom ! hi , dad ! hello , sweetheart . did you have a fun birthday ? pretty fun . i just ... wish you could have been there . so do we . i 'll bet you got some nice gifts . i got a new ipod . it 's like a record player , only it plays thousands of songs . any sinatra ? tons of sinatra . next time i come , i 'll bring it with me . are you sure you can get away ? you know , we wouldn 't want to interfere with any homework or anything . you 're not interfering . i like coming here and seeing you . i wish i could come every day . so do we . jordan 's never going to let kevin go . so that 's it ? the compatibility test isn 't going to happen ? it has to happen . i have to make it happen . get on the phone , get ahold of tess . we 're taking kevin out of promise city . isabelle ! it 's all settled . he understands what he has to do . he may have been a little disappointed at first . after all , he had a good run , but in the end , he took it well . he knows it 's time to move on . i 'm sure he considers it an honor ... especially after he heard about the new host we have lined up for him . he made an excellent drew imroth , but he 'll make an even better jordan collier . [ gunshot ]
