 4400 were taken 4400 were returned Each has a unique ability One among them has a message Anyone can become extraordinary The risk is great But so are the rewards And now there 's no truning back the world will have to deal with us . previously on the 4400 ... these shots are free . give them to anyone who wants them , but be careful to explain the risks . i couldn 't save her . there are no guarantees . there never are . cassie dunlevy . maybe i 'll see you around . you ever go visit your cousin , shawn ? is he getting any better ? maybe someone should try injecting him with a big old dose of promicin . it 'd be like giving him a jump start , right ? you know , ever since the 4400 came back , it 's been one sacrifice after another . it has to stop . it worked , right ? i-i 'm not dead . not this time , no . next time , you might not be so fortunate . they told you to kill me . you didn 't do it . you ever think maybe that 's why your girlfriend is gone ? i know you 've been looking for alana for three months . you must have considered the possibility that she was abducted again . i 'm sorry , i ... i didn 't see you there . excuse me , how did you get in here ? okay , i don 't understand- - okay , this is too weird . i 'm getting off . excuse me . i need to get out of here . i need to get out of here . no , please ... no ... please , no ! no , i can 't handle tight spaces ! i can 't breathe ! i got to get out of here ! get me out of here , please , i can 't breathe ! help me , i can 't breathe ! no , i can 't breathe ! i can 't breathe ! help me , please , i can 't ... i can 't ... leave me alone ! he 's ... he 's going to kill me ! no ! leave me alone ! stop , please ! leave me alone ! oh , god ! see if he 's got a medical alert bracelet . hey ... hello , tom . i heard about your sister . i figured you might be showing up . yeah . ben and maia with you ? no , they 're in spain , which is where i 'll be as soon as i figure out what happened to april . you working any leads ? no one 's seen or spoken to her in months . i don 't even know if she 's alive or dead . just because she got her hands on a promicin shot doesn 't mean she took it . no , this is april we 're talking about . if she got the shot , she took it . yeah , look , if there 's anything i can do , anything you need , you just say the word . actually , i was hoping you could tell me a little bit about your new boss . meghan doyle ? she 's young , inexperienced , think-tank smart . spends a lot of time in the theory room. why ? i was thinking about asking for temporary reinstatement . just hoping access to ntac 's resources will speed up my search . i 'm not sure she 'll go for the temporary assignment kind of thing . then i guess i 'll just have to tell her that i 'm back for good . so you 're going to lie ? this is my sister . i 'll do whatever it takes . okay , i 'm so sorry for dumping all this on you . because i know you 've got other things on your mind . is there any news on alana ? i have to admit that the resemblance is striking , and there 's nothing about her in any of these art books ? all i know is that from june to september , 1885 , claude pierrot painted six portraits of a woman named alana . who she was , what happened to her afterwards , is all a blank , but that ... that 's her , diana , that 's alana . and you think they sent her back into the past as some kind of punishment for you not killing isabelle ? i think the future gave her to me and the future took her away . i guess there 's no way of ever finding out . maybe there is . i know how to contact the future . i 've done it before . oh , no , please tell me you 're not thinking of doing anything stupid . oh , tom ... i will always be grateful for you for getting maia back , but you attempted suicide . the only reason they saved you last time was because they needed you . now , that 's not the case this time . it 's been three months , diana . i don 't know what else to do . wherever alana is , whatever happened to her , she does not want you dead . yeah. baldwin . don 't let them get me ! please , they 're going to kill me ! what you 're looking at is a highly elevated fear response . in mr. kopelow 's case , it 's a fear of clowns . but to have that kind of reaction , doesn 't there need to be ... you know , actual clowns ? that 's what makes these cases so unusual . there 's no external stimuli present . how many cases are we talking about ? eight in the last two hours , which is why i called you . see , we all have things that we 're afraid of , insects , heights , but we learn how to cope with them . in these people , those coping mechanisms are turned off . they 've seen their worst fears come to life . and you think a 4400 ability 's behind this ? someone or something is turning their preexisting fears into unmanageable phobias . excuse me . well , eight cases in two hours . i 'd say someone 's been pretty busy , huh ? for all we know , they 're just getting started . The 4400 Season 4 Ep2 Capture : xxy ¡ ¢ lanmao ¡ ¢ QQ Sync : FRM @ mywsz you think one of my employees drove those people crazy ? look , all we know is that five of our eight victims had receipts from your branch 's atm . according to the transaction slips , they all used the machine some time between 7 : 12 and 7 : 28 this morning . the bank isn 't even open then . that means no one on my staff is responsible , right ? we 're still going to need everyone to submit to a promicin test , just to be sure . tom ... look at this . max kopelow . yup , and look who 's right behind him in line . jacqui glendon . our claustrophobia victim . there 's no audio , but looks like there 's some kind of commotion just outside of camera range right there . what do you think ? we 'll need a list of everyone who used that atm this morning . i can get you that . great . hey , sleeping beauty . hey ... how does it feel to be awake ? it feels pretty good . you know they 're kicking me out of here today . you going home ? that 's fantastic . it 'll make those media hounds outside very happy . i might disappoint them and sneak out the back . i don 't know . i cannot believe how much catching up i have to do . so much crazy stuff has happened last three month change is painful . it comes with a cost . you 're quoting jordan collier now ? you say that like it 's a bad thing . i didn 't think he 'd go through with it , hand out all the promicin ? he knew what would happen . he knew it would kill all of those people . yeah , and i feel bad for those people , but i 've seen promicin do some amazing things . i guess i should be thanking you , huh ? for what ? come on , kyle . i overheard the doctors talking . they said that there was some kind of spike in my promicin level , and that 's what woke me up , and it was you and my mom in the room when it happened , and i kind of doubt ... that my mom could get her hands on a shot . it had been three months , man . the doctors weren 't sure you were ever going to wake up . somebody had to try something . what about your dad ? he 's going to figure out it was you . probably . san sebastian is one of the most beautiful cities in the world , and that view of the bay at night ... it 's pretty spectacular . which is why if i dropped everything and moved there with my daughter and boyfriend , i might find it a little hard to give up . well , it wasn 't an easy decision . no , but knowing the separation was only temporary must have made it easier . i 'm not really sure how long i 'll be staying . it could be quite some time . at least until you find your sister . look , diana , i know you 've been trying to track april on your own , and that you 've hit a brick wall , but you flash an ntac badge , it 's amazing how fast those walls come down . it 's clear what you get out of this arrangement , but what 's my win ? me . i 'm your win . temporary or not , you could use another experienced agent here . that 's pretty much what your former partner , tom , said . smart guy . you should listen to him . let me ask you a question . have you ever seen la dolce vita ? dubbed or subtitled ? do i look like i watch dubbed movies ? do i ? welcome back , agent skouris . i 'm being reinstated because i like foreign films ? of course not , but it doesn 't hurt your cause . transferring me ? where ? it 's a brand-new facility for people who 've developed abilities that the government considers non-threatening . they 're ... kept on the inhibitor , but otherwise , it 's less like a prison and more like a ... an internment camp ? there 's an exercise yard , a library that you can use , and , of course , you 'll be allowed to interact with the other inmates . sounds nice . nicer than this place , anyway . then we 'll arrange for your transfer . but first , we need you to sign this . it 's a consent form , giving us permission to test your tolerance for promicin . you want to see if i can get my abilities back ? we want to make absolutely sure that you can 't . the substance that your father injected you with negated your abilities , but before we can move you to another facility , we need to be positive that they 're never coming back . what if they do ? what then ? we 're prepared to deal with that contingency as well . this morning when you were in line at the atm , do you remember seeing this man ? yeah , i wasn 't really paying any attention . i was on a business call . does ntac cover your life insurance ? did you notice anything unusual while you were there ? anyone 's behavior strike you as odd ? there was this one guy . i think he was complaining about the line . how long it was taking . what did he say exactly ? he was yapping about the bank being too cheap to spring for another atm . he 's right about that , by the way . what did he look like ? 20-something . i think he was wearing kind of like a baseball cap . he was just a regular guy . when do you ever notice people at banks ? unless they 're robbing the place , right ? hey , tom ... we got a no-show . thank you . mr. kennedy ! i 'm agent garrity , ntac . stop ! okay ... okay , stairs . i made up your old room for you . okay . danny , why don 't you take your brother upstairs while i make some lunch ? how does a tuna melt sound ? that 's my favorite . all right ... come on , troy , talk to us . why did you attack those people , huh ? you got a problem with columbia fidelity bank , huh ? or maybe you did it for a laugh . you think screwing with people 's heads is funny ? is that it ? no . look , i admit i took promicin . i lost my job , i couldn 't pay off my credit cards , my girlfriend dumped me . i ... i was desperate . i took the shot to make my life better . better , better . better how , huh ? by driving a bunch of people crazy ? they 're at abendson psychiatric hospital , writhing around in strait-jackets . it wasn 't me , i swear . my ability 's harmless . i play music . i pick up any instrument , and i 'm like a virtuoso . really ? well , i 'll go home and get my clarinet . guys ... can you step out for a sec ? i just got off the phone with the seattle p.d. there 's been another ... i don 't even know what to call them , phobia attack ? yeah , pretty much says it . anyway , a 911 call came in 10 minutes ago from an apartment over on lakemont . seems the building manager has been screaming like a madman about how the place is covered in germs . we 've had kennedy in custody for hours . then he 's not our guy , which means whoever 's doing this is still out there . great . all right . when do you have to get the applications in ? i 've got another month or so , that 's even if i apply . what do you mean " if ? " i thought that you were going to be the next clarence darrow . yeah , i thought so , too , but now , with everything that 's going on , the world 's a different place . you know , law school just seems so meaningless . just because world 's changed doesn 't mean that you have to . well , maybe i want to . you know , it 's like the world 's made up of two different classes now . you got people with abilities , who are capable of amazing things , people like you , and then you got the regular schmucks , who just have to deal with the fact they 're a little less special than they could be . you know ... i 've been thinking about it a lot , and ... i want to take the promicin shot . those shots are killing people . i know all about the risks . i think they 're worth it . they 're not worth it , not when you have as much to live for as you do . think about the odds , okay ? there 's a 50-50 chance that you would be committing suicide . what are you really afraid of , shawn ? me dying , or me getting an ability ? because that would put us on equal footing , and we can 't have that . this isn 't about you and me . it 's always about you and me ! i mean , i thought you 'd be excited about this . i thought you 'd be supportive , btu i guess i was wrong . danny , please , listen- - no , shawn , i 'm glad that you 're back with us , i really am . but i 'm not asking for your permission . i mean , the stuff is out there , and i 'll get it , with or without your help i have to clean . i haven 't finished . i haven 't finished . i 've got to clean . the germs are everywhere . just stop- - don 't touch me . what happened to his hands ? paramedics found him scrubbing them with a brillo pad . well , i just checked his apartment . according to his records , this guy , haugen , banks at washington prime and not columbia fidelity . so this is a separate incident from the one at the bank . or maybe he knows the victim in some other way . well , let 's canvass the building , talk to the tenants , see if we can find a link . right . can i help you ? so is this about ray ? i saw him being loaded into an ambulance . did you see him before that ? maybe earlier this morning ? no , but my husband did . our bathroom faucet 's been leaking for a week , and ray still hasn 't gotten around to fixing it . what time do you expect your husband home ? why ? it 's not like they had a fight or anything . you know , when i was a kid , i used to play with trains , too . just like- - don 't worry , it 's not your fault . brandon 's autistic . he likes things in a certain order . there we go. see ? excuse me ? is this your husband ? yeah , that 's ryan . why ? isn 't he one of the guys from the atm line ? i think we found our link . you want me to talk to danny ? you might be able to talk some sense into him , convince him that he 'd be , you know , crazy to take that shot . i can 't do that , shawn . if danny wants to take promicin , i say , give it to him . kyle , this isn 't just some guy on the street with nothing to lose . this is my little brother . that shot could kill him . it didn 't kill me . you took promicin ? kyle , you took promicin ? three months ago . my hand was shaking so bad , i could barely hold the syringe , but i survived . i didn 't get an ability , but ... i survived . since when do you care about getting an ability so much ? it 's not just about getting an ability , shawn . it 's about making a difference . what collier 's trying to do , change this world , man ? that 's important . i wanted to be a part of that , and i bet danny feels the same way . no , kyle , i don 't think that danny cares about jordan or changing the world . he 's trying to prove something to himself , or to me . it 's a jealousy thing . that may be true , but the reason doesn 't matter , okay ? if danny wants to take the shot , i don 't think you or anyone else has a right to stop him . i 'm sorry , tom , but ryan powell tested negative for promicin . i had no choice but to release him . same with the atm customers and the bank employees , they all came back clean . no , that can 't be right . powell 's our only link between the bank victims and ray haugen . you 're telling me that 's just a coincidence ? i don 't know what it is . but ryan powell didn 't take promicin , he doesn 't have an ability , and he 's not the guy we 're looking for . did you lose a filling or something ? ah ... my tooth ... it just fell out . jed , there 's nothing in your hand . hey , hey , hey ... just calm down , calm down . get somebody in here . this is meghan doyle . i need a medical team up here right away . hey , jed , jed ... hey , look at me , look at me . i 'm coming apart ! it 's okay ... don 't let me die ! somebody , get in here ! look at me , look at me ... aren 't you going to say hello ? you headed some place in particular , or were you combing the city hoping to find me . where have you been , huh ? that art school you said you were going to ? i went there . they never even heard of you . does it really matter where i go to school ? the important thing is shawn 's okay . he is , isn 't he ? how 'd you know the promicin would wake him up ? who are you ? come on , i think you know that . what 's that supposed to mean ? huh , what 's that supposed to mean ? you said you wanted answers . i 'll take you to them . are you coming or not ? he looks fine to me . oh , trust me , he 's not . well , i don 't understand . i mean , you 've been together all day . yeah , pretty much . the bank , the apartment building . we had contact with all the same people . well , i mean , that 's a bit odd , isn 't it ? that he would be affected and not you ? it was that kid . it was that kid , diana . it has to be . when we were at ryan powell 's apartment , and i was interviewing the wife . garrity spoke to the son . he 's autistic . he started screaming at garrity and rocking back and forth . that 's when it happened . it has to be . jess , come on. come on . come on , please ! let 's get out of here . just throw some stuff together and let 's go . brandon , what do you say , buddy ? you want to go on a little road trip ? we 're not going anywhere . just tell me why ntac is after you . it 's not me they 're after . it 's brandon . why ? brandon hasn 't done anything wrong . has he ? i-i swear , i was only trying to help him . okay , jess , just i ... i did ... something . i couldn 't tell you . i 'm sorry . you did something ? oh ... you gave him one of those shots . you gave him one of those shots ? you bastard ! what did you do to my son ? you 're too late . they 're gone . where are they , mr. powell ? i don 't know where jess is taking him . she didn 't tell me . we need to find your son before he hurts anyone else . where are they ? do you know what it 's like to have a ... a son who won 't ... hug you , or smile at you ? won 't even ... won 't even look you in the eye ? clear . is that why you gave him promicin ? i thought if brandon got an ability , it would make him better , at least help him to communicate . i-i don 't even know what my own son is - is thinking , or feeling , you know ? that 's no way for a kid to live . all he does is ... play with that goddamn train . mr. powell , we 're going to need you to think . where would your wife have taken brandon ? look , i didn 't mean for any of this to happen . please ... please , none of this is his fault . he doesn 't know . he has no idea what he 's doing . if anybody 's to blame , it 's me . so your wife ... she didn 't know you injected him ? are you kidding me ? 50-50 ? she 'd never agree to that . but you were willing to take the risk . i see other parents ... with their own kids , and the warmth , and the joking around ... i wanted some of that . i ... i wasn 't trying to kill brandon . she has to believe that . i just ... i just ... i just wanted him to have the chance at a ... at a normal life . thank you for your cooperation , ms. tyler . we 'll be in contact shortly . get me a copy of the lab report . is that all ? we 're done ? did i pass ? hello ! well , you wanted answers , kyle . you 'll find them in there . are you coming with me ? it 's better if i don 't . what do you know about white light ? not too much , actually . my great-grandfather founded the group back in 1918 . even at its height , the membership never exceeded a few dozen people . the whole thing only lasted a few years . they all died . burned to death in a fire . what did these people believe ? they believed that a messiah would return from the dead and lead the world to salvation . not the proudest branch on my family tree . but people are interested in this stuff , so i keep it around . this was their scripture , and this was the messiah they were waiting for . yeah , that looks like jordan collier . you 're not the first person to mention a resemblance . i don 't know , maybe . feel free to ... thumb through the book if you 'd like . a few of the chapters are too charred to read , and one of them is written in a ... oh , i don 't know , a-a code or something , but there 's enough for you to get the gist . that 's great , thank you . oh , brandon ... please , not now , okay ? um ... are you hungry , honey ? do you want a snack ? no ? okay . uh , how about your train ? you want your train ? i got your train right here , sweetie , okay ? do you see them ? do you see them ? are they gone ? is what gone ? the snakes ! they 're here somewhere , i know it . don 't let them get me , please ! mrs. powell , just calm down . everything will be okay , i promise . did you see the direction your son was headed , mrs. powell ? no , i must 've blacked out . when i opened my eyes , he was gone . you have to find him . please , you have to find him . he 's out there all alone . he must be so scared ! all right , mrs. powell . if you were brandon , if you were your son , where would you go ? hey , diana ! hey , kid , shouldn 't you be at home ? hey ... where are your parents , bud ? do they know you 're out here ? hey ... whoa , buddy . take it easy . take it easy ! so , what did you think ? pretty interesting reading , huh ? that 's why you brought me here , to read that book ? a messiah who rises from the dead , who passes out a sacred elixir that changes the world ? i know , that sounds just like jordan collier , and that healer who lays his hands upon the sick ? i 'm guessing that 's supposed to be shawn . and don 't forget about the shaman , whose visions guide the messiah down the path to enlightenment . want to take a stab at who that is ? the shaman is you , kyle . me ... i know it might sound a little intimidating- - intimidating ? try insane . all right , you know , i admit that book got few things right , about jordan , about promicin , but the rest of it 's kind of vague , and there 's that whole chapter that 's in code . and what about the part that says , the messiah will show us the face of god ? " and all will know his face , " and he will smile down upon us " and walk among us , and the earth and heaven will be as one- - " and collier 's going to make that happen , huh ? with your help . it 's a prophecy , kyle . i don 't believe that . look , you helped me wake up my cousin . for that , i am grateful , but this is over . no , kyle , it 's just beginning . look , this cult , " white light ? " it 's still around , isn 't it ? and you 're one of them . you 're trying to use jordan to start some kind of crazy religious revival ? i won 't be a part of that . you already are- - i don 't want to hear anymore . just stay the hell away from me . what changed your mind ? nothing changed my mind . i don 't agree with taking promicin . i think it 's a mistake . 50-50 , those are lousy odds . but you were right about one thing , it 's your decision , and i don 't want you getting arrested trying to find the stuff yourself . they 're throwing people in jail , danny , no trial . i don 't get it . you were with collier from the beginning . he put this out there . i mean , if you don 't agree with it , where does that leave you and him ? i wish jordan had buried that stuff somewhere . these abilities cause as many problems as they solve . just do me a favor , okay , and just hold off for a while . maybe if you read the paper for the next few weeks , law school won 't seem so bad . yeah , okay . i can do that . please , don 't look at me ! i don 't like people looking at me ! okay , i 'm going to call this in . don 't worry , sir , we 're going to get you help . are there going to be people there ? i don 't like people seeing me . at least brandon 's giving us a trail to follow . i hate that we have to sedate him , but i don 't know how else to get him back into ntac . i 'm starting to remember why i gave this job up at the first place . diana , i wish there was another way , but his ability 's too much of a threat . if only jordan collier wasn 't the most wanted man in the world . he could take his ability away , couldn 't he ? we can 't cure him of his ability , but maybe there 's a way we can help him control it . it 's okay , brandon . everything 's going to be okay . can we just do this , please ? he 's been given the inhibitor , so , hopefully , there won 't be any kind of danger , but there 's still some risk involved . so if you want to back out , we 'd understand . it 's not that , it 's just ... i haven 't healed anyone in months , and autism is developmental . i haven 't had a lot of success with that in the past . but you will try ? yeah . shawn ... is-is that it ? did it work ? brandon ? brandon , look at me . da ... da ... da ... dad . that 's right . i 'm your dad . that ... that was incredible . i forgot how much i liked this . look at you . i can give you a few minutes , mr. powell , but then i 'm afraid you 're going to have to come with us . my son has been ... in a prison his entire life . i 'm happy to trade places with him . your test results came back . whatever you were given to take away your abilities , it induced a permanent allergy to promicin . if you were to take the shot , it would be fatal . you will never get your abilities back , miss tyler . does that mean i 'm getting out of here ? the ? will take in two weeks this how you spend your saturdays ? most nights , too . i thought you might want to hear some good news . dr. clayton says the people brandon affected , they 're beginning to show signs of improvement . you think putting him on the inhibitor had something to do with it ? as soon as we muted his ability , their symptoms began to dissipate , which means garrity should be back in rotation soon . unless you 'd prefer to stick with skouris . look , nothing against jed , but if diana 's going to be around , she 's my partner . okay . so what happens to brandon now ? well , as long as his mother brings him in for weekly injections of the inhibitor , he should be able to live a fairly normal life- - more normal than he has up to now anyway . hmm ... that was an amazing thing your nephew did . yeah , these abilities people get , they come in handy sometimes . it 's worth remembering . so is it really her ? alana ? i keep trying to convince myself it 's not , but , yeah , it 's her , and all i can think about is how do i get her back . maybe all you can do is ... let her go . i really need to take this . yeah . dr. sawyer ? the news isn 't good . your father 's had a relapse . pneumonia ? his breathing 's been severely compromised . he 's beaten this before . i know , but i think it 's time we start preparing ourselves for the inevitable . i 'm sorry . how did you get in here ? it was easy . where you go , i go . you 're stalking me now , is that it ? come on , kyle , think . i don 't go to the art institute . there 's no record of me anywhere . i show up wherever i want to . what does that tell you ? hey , kyle ... you up for some dinner ? hey ... i don 't feel like eating alone tonight . dad , i want you to meet cassie . okay . who 's cassie ? is she someone you met at work ? ? ? ! !
