 This has AIDS , it 's from Africa . You 're in shock . You 've been injected with a hypodermic possibly exposed to HIV . Now a woman and her baby halfway across the world are at risk . Nobody knows that I quit . NORBAC would have been finished . We had a vaccine to design . Where were you ? You bailed on your own lab . We 've compared the protein structure of your particular strain with every available HIV drug . It 's predicted to be resistant to all of them . All of them ? Kids ate a chicken poisoned with prions . Yeah , I remember that whole mad cow disease scare . - I found I.Q. spikes . - Where are you going next with this ? Well , I 've read about a British neuroscientist who 's been working with people exposed to mad cow . Jack , we 're trying to trace back the strain before Sean to patient zero . David , we 've been infecting the cells in culture - with Audrey 's HIV . - Bob , what 's the matter ? I 'm telling you she needs to have her baby out right away . The baby 's CD4 count . HIV . - What ? - David . Carlos , it 's 3 o 'clock in the fucking morning . What 's going on ? Let me in , David . Are you all right ? Carlos ? So I just thought ... David , I was just all right . That 's what happens when you drink . Talk to me . I need to ... I need to leave all this . - My job , NORBAC , Canada . - Whoa , whoa , whoa , Carlos . What 's going on ? I have to go back to Africa , David . There are people dying there . They need me . They needed doctors 4 years ago , why 'd you leave then ? I couldn 't breathe , I had to get out . - I know the feeling . - Okay , then you ... you know the feeling of when it 's time to return . You left the lab and now you came back , and I need to go back to Africa . What happened to you over there ? Why couldn 't you breathe , Carlos ? I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry . No ! 2.03 - The Cocktail Want anything in it ? Sorry ? Coffee , do you want anything in it ? Sugar , honey , hair of the dog ? Black , thank you . I can 't let you go , Carlos . Not right now , okay ? We get through this , we 'll talk , and I promise you , whatever you decide is best for yourself , I will get behind it . Do you have any clam juice ? Doesn 't everybody ? And baking soda , and bitters , and aspirin , please . I thought you didn 't get hangovers . When I do , I do . That thing really work ? My father 's recipe . It clears the head , dulls the pain , good for indigestion . I 'll ve to try it sometime . Clam juice with baking soda ... bitters and aspirin . What ? Your father 's a fucking genius . Drink up . We got a lot of work to do . Well , we tried every HIV drug on the planet . Yes , but we haven 't tried every drug on the planet . You think you can stop HIV with aspirin ? Maybe , maybe . There are many drugs made to solve one problem later discovered to solve another . Right , so we take our most promising HIV cocktail , the one with Tenofovir and Viracept , and we add Viagra to it . We add Tylenol , we add epilepsy meds , we add everything . David , there are like 10,000 drugs out there , including behind and over the counter . Yeah , what 's your point ? Well , one , to get this done in 2 days , - we don 't have the manpower . - We don 't have enough Petri dishes . And 2 , we can 't possibly get that many drugs here by this afternoon . Then we get as many as humanly possible . - It 's crazy . - Thank you . I 'll contact as many labs as I can . What ? - What ? - What ? Well , would it be logical to start with the anti-inflammatories to curb the element of HIV ? No ? Viagra was made for angina , right ? It turns out it gave men big woodies . Now , is there a connection between angina and big woodies ? I don 't think so . So ... So , logically we assume that there is no logic . We try every drug . - It 's still crazy . - Yes it is . But you know what ? Sometimes , some pretty cool shit happens by accident , so let 's go look for an accident . What have we got to lose , right ? Bob ... - The baby will be HIV positive in 2 days . - Two days ? Yeah , if he follows the same rate of infection as Audrey . I mean , he could go even sooner . His immune system isn 't fully developed . - Wow . - Yeah . David , this is a list of all the prescription and non-prescription drugs we can get our hands on . Okay , thanks , Wes . Bob , take a look at that . Which labs are helping us ? All these labs are available for help ? They 're clearing their plates . Apparently we have some pull . Audrey Graves has pull . They understand the time crunch ? - I made it very clear . - Bob . Mix and match with their most promising HIV cocktail and divide the total by 16 labs , taking into consideration each lab 's manpower . Hold on . We get 5,081 combinations . Aberhold-Shard gets 260 , Ace Bioneer gets 300 ... - Bob . - Hmm ? Let 's get the dish totals to Wes ASAP , - and get to work on our own dishes . - Sure . Looks like little Sam there has mastered occlusion and perspective . Is that that unusual ? Uh , he 's seven . Oh , I love kid 's art . Look at this one . Uh , can 't figure it out . I think it 's a ceiling fan . He drew the parts disassembled . Wow . Hello , I 'm principal Oakley . You 're the people from NORBAC . Yes , Mayko Tran . Hey , I 'm Simon Jessup . I understand you may have some good news for us . We hope so . We have evidence that 1 in 4 of the kids who ate the prion contaminated chicken last year are showing dramatic spikes in I.Q. - You mean they may actually be better off ? - Well ... - We 'll know more when we 've done a few tests . - Of course . If there 's anything you need ... Just a few bouncing bundles of joy . There 's something just as important as finding the right cocktail . - What ? - Getting it to Africa in time to put the brakes on this strain . It 'll take years for it to get through all the regulatory hoops . Then I 'll take it there myself . You really think the American drug industry 's gonna let this out in the world without American companies profiting from it ? You know , it 's all going to be pointless if we cannot find the origin of this strain . Nah , I 'll tell you what . You find patient zero , I 'll find a way to get the drugs to Africa . You got a deal . How 's it going ? - We 're missing Galantamine . - I ordered it , David . I know you want every drug . I know I ordered it . I don 't see it , Bob . I know the whole point of this experiment is that we try every drug we can get , and Galantamine is in a class of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors that we are going to use . I know I ordered it . Bob , Bob , get somebody down to this clinic , okay ? - They 'll have it , it 'll be fine . - Okay , David . No , I 'll go myself . I 'm sorry about the mix-up . There you go . I told you your brain wouldn 't explode , didn 't I ? Though a little bit did melt out your ear . - You talk weird . - Oh dear , shame . That 's another one we 're gonna have to guillotine . You do have a way with kids . - A strange way , but ... - I love kids . I 'm still one myself . How many more do we have to see ? Uh , about 30 more . I hate kids . I hope the next one doesn 't smell like frogs too . Hello , please come in . Ruby McGhee ... Oh , there you are . Okay , Ruby , so this is kind of like a ... a brain beauty contest , all right ? And the more flashy colours that we see on our computer , the better . And it helps if you wear the magic hat . Electroencephalogram helmet . Right , yes . - I read about it in a magazine . - Wow , Tiger Beat sure has changed from when I was a little girl . I don 't read Tiger Beat . Okay , Ruby , you want to try to tell me everything you remember about the picture ? All right . There were 3 kids swinging on a tire swing . That 's right . And there was 3 men jogging , all with their left foot forward . That 's very good . And one had a white baseball hat , and the other had a jacket . Anything else ? Do you want me to tell you everything ? Hmm ... Sure . Okay ... There was someone in the playground holding ... 3 ... 4 balloons , 2 were red , 1 was orange , and 1 was yellow . The orange one had the longest string . There 's a place to play in the water , and these 3 boys who are way too old be playing in the playground were standing in misty spray things , and these 2 little babies were waiting for their turn . And in the sky there were 2 clouds , 1 kite with 2 tails and ... 3 lamps with 2 lights each . - Hey . - Okay , so we got the Galantamine , Accupril , Benazepril , Calan , Digitoxin , Lanoxin ... - Herdofoxen . - ... Xanax , Ritalin , Dilantin , Trimethadione , all the antibiotics , manpower at all the other labs and a giant robotic arm at Jarrell Pharmaceuticals . What 's 11,291 times 16 , divided by 7 ? 25,808 , why ? - Did I miss something ? - No . I was just kidding . Okay Ruby , thank you very much . So I 'm not gonna die ? Ruby , you 're not even sick . Then let 's go home . - Where 's your backpack ? - In my classroom . Why don 't you go get it and I 'll meet you in the hall ? - All right . - See you later , Ruby . - Ciao , Ruby . - Bye ! - Can I ask you something ? - Please . Ruby ate all that infected chicken last year and ever since she 's been poked and prodded ... MRIs , blood tests , X-Rays . It 's been 6 months and no one has any answers . Well , it 's just that right now , there 's no way to tell for certain whether someone exposed to prion disease actually has the disease . Ruby gets a runny nose , coughs ... and I start thinking this is it , She 's gonna die . We need answers , please . So , the drugs are doing their drug thing , we 'll check ' em in 12 hours . - How 's it going with patient zero ? - Slow . Sean moved around a lot . It seems he met a lot of different people in a lot of different places . How are you holding up ? Okay . It 's hard to sleep these days . You know they 've got drugs for that . In fact , Bob 's got all of them over there . Goodnight . - Okay . - Carlos . - Wes , let me ask you something . Sean sent these 2 emails in the last month . Does not say where they were from . Is it possible to trace what computer they were sent from ? Sure , forensic email tracing . Well , this shouldn 't be a problem at all . What are you thinking ? This girl is in 2 of the pictures . One was sent late at night , the other very early in the morning , and ... Sean seems happy in them . She 's very pretty . Just a hunch , but if you find something , let me know . Sure . Thank you . A quarter of the kids had bloody amazing beta activity . Come see . Look at that . Tiny little hippocampuses , and dentate gyri firing away , so cute . So it 's not overall I.Q. that 's higher , it 's visual memory . Right , yeah . That 's mostly where it 's occurring . Okay , where is Ruby McGhee 's PET output ? Here . I mean , her right hemisphere alone could power 5 city blocks . Your " live , die or thrive " theory might need to be adjusted . It seems that with prion poisoning some live , some die , and some become bloody visual geniuses . Well , it 's still early stages . Right , well , I mean , we 're off to a great start . Uh , yeah . Well ... Okay , I will see you tomorrow . All right . Tomorrow , then . - It 's not time . - What ? It 's close enough . We have to let the drugs work for 12 hours . Bob , it 's been 12 hours minus what ? Ten big fat minutes ? I 'm checking the dishes . Wait . Are the viruses thriving in the cells ? Yeah , so far . Wait a sec . David . David , David , David . We have a winner . - It works , one of the cocktails . - No shit ? Yeah , none . It halts replication of Audrey 's HIV . A drug from a clinical trial and a couple of existing HIV drugs . - This is a non-HIV drug . - Freaking Paroxetine . And antidepressant , eh ? How appropriate , I couldn 't be happier . Good work . I need you to wrangle me experts on Tenofovir , PA-457 , Viracept and Trimethadione . I also need somebody here working on Paroxetine - and I need to speak to a hospital lawyer . - Can I get you a coffee , too ? No , you can get the cocktail to Audrey for her 1st dosage and get me a meeting with her son 's pediatrician . Was that subtle sarcasm ? No . Oh , too bad . Sarcasm would work well with that bland exterior of yours . - Yup . - Hi , it 's Mayko . Uh ... last year there were ... 542 students at Linderville Elementary , and this year they 've got 540 . - Two lucky ones escaped . - Well ... actually 9 escaped and 7 new ones were captured , so ... 9 kids are out there and no one is monitoring them . So ? So the picture is incomplete . Okay . Well , 9 kids is statistically irrelevant . Nothing is statistically irrelevant . Yeah . So what we should ... What we should do is we should ... - Mayko Tran . - Stop it , stop it . I don 't want to stop . You have a fantastic name . You want to know a secret ? - It 's not my real name . - No way . No way . Well , Mayko is , but Tran , no . What is it ? You won 't think it 's so fantastic . Shut up ! Tell me , please , what is it ? Binghamton . - Binghamton ? - It 's not Vietnamese . - Well , I didn 't think it was . - Ha ! Ha ! Yeah . And Nora Taylor and Wallace Binghamton adopted me and raised me as an ethical atheist in a hippie mountain town in B.C. My dad published the local paper , mom was a potter . I changed it to Tran when I turned 18 , you know , mini identity crisis . - Want to know my middle name ? - Yes . - You swear to secrecy ? - Hmm . - You absolutely swear ? - I swear . Okay . Seabert . - Seabert ? - Yes . Ha ! Ha ! - It 's not as funny as Binghamton . - Oh , shush . Ha ! Ha ! - I don 't think . - It is pretty funny . - Uh-uh . Meet patient zero . Both emails came from a computer belonging to Afi Lundi . The girl in the photos . They came from her home computer in Nampula , Mozambique . She was working as a nurse there in an orphanage . I called , Sean was there at the same time . I guess they had a thing , just as you suspected . - Where is she now ? - She 's dead . They gave her HIV drugs at a clinic in Nampula . No effect . I read the medical report , her HIV was an unknown strain , it progressed very rapidly to AIDS . She was dead within a month . There are many ways I could have become sick . Perhaps I have a husband . Perhaps he laid with a prostitute who could not afford condoms . He gave me to his friend for the night in thanks for him helping to fix our hut . Or maybe it was the day I turned 12 , while they performed the circumcision . They had used the same blade on the 10 girls before me . Have you forgotten what it is like ? Stop thinking that you can save everyone . Lawyers cannot be allowed to dictate policy to us , all right ? They know nothing about what we do . - How 's it going ? - I 'm not sure . Lawyers are risk-averse mice , all right . They answer to a law that looks backwards , not forwards . Tough shit ! Because that little baby does have it , and he doesn 't have time for you to go back to your goddamn lab and spend years trying to figure out the fucking dosage . Side effects . Neurological pediatrics . Can you fucking believe that ? Liver dysfunction , FDA , Canada Health . Get those sleepwalking , goddamn morons out of my lab right now . - You told me to put them there . - Good news , David . The Paroxetine is working . It 'll only work if we can use it , Bob . - How are you doing ? - Well , they could have been real scientists , but they copped out and became doctors instead , or scientists who work for big drug companies because they like security , so I 'm not exactly running with wolves here . You ? Lawyers , they learn early that if they say yes , it might come back and bite them in the ass , so for the rest of their lives , all they say is no . Maybe you should switch . The medical guys think they 're gods , they can 't back down to a mere scientist . But they 're used to listening to administrators . David , you said so yourself . And lawyers aren 't used to a scientist who fights back . Gentlemen , I cannot let a bunch of doctors and scientists dictate social policy . They are risk-adverse mice . Yeah , I remember her . Afi Lundi , sure . She worked with AIDS patients all over Africa . Yeah , she was just in my clinic last year . I was sad to lose her . She was always rocking the little ones and singing them African lullabies . Ahem . You know , it 's amazing how a little love and attention lessens even the most unbearable suffering . She went to Mozambique to start a programme for orphans . To help them gain self-sufficiency , but ... I never heard from her again . I think that she and Sean were lovers and ... He got sick too . She died . Oh , shit . So this little girl in Nampula , it was her blood that infected Afi . She 's our new patient zero . She died 2 weeks before Afi . Have any new cases surfaced in Mozambique ? None . That they know of ... This has been Africa 's struggle for many years . It 's what Sean was trying to make people understand . How are you doing on the new HIV cocktail ? It 's not easy , Wes . It 's a sick fucking disease . It must be hard for you to be on a cocktail the rest of your life . Believe me ... It sucks . Yeah . And could you please forward his report card to me ? That 's right , tran @ NORBAC.ca. Okay , what was he diagnosed with ? Do you mind me asking why he 's seeing a psychologist ? ... perfect recall of entire paragraphs . Yeah , I was curious about your daughter Kara . She was in the study in Linderville , and ... Oh no , I didn 't know . I 'm sorry . Yes , what drugs did you study ? Yes , Theophylline , Wafarine , Heparin , aminoglycosides . Doctor Lewinsky and Meyers gave me some . They gave me some individualized pharmacokinetic models to calculate the most appropriate dosages for everything from nitroprusside to midazolam . Carlos Serrano . Ah , Dr. Preston . Yes , thank you for returning my call ... How effective have the computer models been ? 95 % confidence level ? Esta muy bien . - That 's fantastic . - Hey . Okay , let me call you right back . Thank you . It 's going good with the lawyers , how are you doing ? Okay . I talked with Jennings at Harvard , Davies , U.C.L.A. , 5 other labs working on computer-assisted dose determinants . - And ? - They figured out the dosage curve for every adult drug that has an accepted preemie dose , averaged them all and then designed a formula for predicting - preemie dosages in adult drugs . * - You got a dosage ? I got a dosage . What if we wait a little while , just ... till he 's stronger ? Or test it out on me for a few days before giving it to him ? What you 're saying makes perfect sense , except with this strain of HIV , we have no time . What about the risks , the side effects ? For him , not me . No risk or side effect is as bad as what 's heading his way . What about the dosage ? These are adult drugs . Well , I 'm sorry . You 're not going to like this . The dose is a smart guess . It hasn 't been tested . We just have no time , but I think if we act now there 's a good chance he 'll never progress to infection . So I should just throw the dice with my son 's life ? We make no promises , but there 's no alternative , Audrey . None . We would like to give him his 1st dose today . He 'll be monitored constantly . The doctors will adjust the dose over and over till they have it right . In 6 months he could be HIV-free . And never have to take the drugs again . It wasn 't prions , it was the accident , David . Well , you know , maybe that 's ... maybe that 's good news . A dead little girl , yeah . I 'm thrilled . Did she have a previously registered I.Q. increase ? Yeah . Well , that 's good . Exhume the body . Well , her parents , they refused . What ? No . You 've got to exhume that body , we need a sample of the brain tissue to see if there 's plaque . I know , which is why we 're on our way to Pittsburgh . Okay , bye . We 've consulted our Church , we 've prayed for God 's guidance and ... We 're afraid that the answer is we cannot allow Kara 's body to be autopsied . What we could learn from her could help us help all the other kids back in Linderville . Do you know what it 's like to lose a child ? Your only child ? No , I 'm sorry , I don 't . I know if I lost my son , I would hardly be able to breathe . I can 't imagine your pain . - I have a boy . - How old is he ? Andrew is 7 . It 's the same age as Kara . He looks like you . Yeah , he has my personality too , unfortunately . I know if I lost Andrew , I would ... I 'd try and make some good out of it ... You know , find some greater purpose . What if the greater purpose for Kara was to help others ? What if she was a gift from God to all those other parents in Linderville , and her death had a reason just like her life did ? I think if you pray on this a little more , you 'll find that this could mean the gift of life for so many others and a consolation to you for your terrible loss . Thanks . I cannot believe you just did that . It 's like you spoke their language fluently . Well , my father was a good Protestant , he never missed a service . God , you are full of surprises . - I had no idea you had a son . - Andrew is the love of my life . It must be hard being away from him . It 's awful , yeah , but ... he has a fine mum . So how long have you been divorced ? You 're not divorced . No . Separated ? No . Well , what are the options ? No , that 's not an option . I don 't know , just give Glen whatever he needs to take away his pain . No , I don 't know that and you don 't know that , but let 's just assume he has pain and do something ! All right . All right . Thanks , doctor . Oh Bob ! What are you doing here ? I work here . - You were crying . - I know . Bob , it 's nothing . I don 't understand , the baby results are good . - That 's happy news . - I know , Bob . It 's just ... You know , sometimes people , for different reasons , they ... Oh . Caroline , you know , yesterday , when you were at the chronic care facility next to pharmacy and didn 't know that I saw you , but I did ? Bob , I really need to get inside . It was really strange to see you somewhere other than here , because when you 're here you 're always serious , and when you 're not here you 're ... different . Bob , I really don 't want to talk about this . Oh , I 'm sorry . Can I ask you one question ? What question ? Were you visiting someone at the chronic care facility ? My nephew , Glen . Why ? How ? Well he ran every day training for the Rhode Island High School track finals And the one morning a couple of years ago he just ... fell . He had a stroke . Never woke up again . He had a stroke ? He 's so young . My sister Meg quit her job and stayed with him practically 24 / 7 at a Boston care facility ... - until she died . - Of what ? Cancer . Breast cancer . When Meg was dying , a year ago now , she asked me to become his legal guardian . That 's lucky for you . Right . So , I arranged for him to come to Toronto to be closer . - How often do you visit ? - Three times a week ... And sometimes two ... And sometimes one , which is not enough . Well would you mind if I did ? What ? Visit him too . No . I wouldn 't mind . Mayko , come on , don 't ... Look ... I mean , just stab me 50 times with the garden shears , just don 't do the silent treatment . God , I had sex with a married man . What ? Well ... Oh , bloody hell . No , look , Nicole and I ... we understand , okay , that love and lust and the desire for long-term relationships all occur in separate regions of the brain . So listen , we 've got all 3 working their arses off for each other , but over here on the left , this biochemical activity ... lust , sometimes just kicks off for other people and there 's nothing you can ... you can 't just switch it off on command . So , you know , rather than mute our lust , we explore it . I did not deceive Nicole by enjoying an evening with you . No , you deceived me . I 'm sorry , I didn 't ... I mean ... In London , in the circles I travel , people are just open-minded . Well , I 'm an ethical atheist , remember ? My mind leads , not my hormones , I expect no less from the man I 'm with . Mayko , I 'm sorry , okay ? But you know , if it was that important to you , you should have asked . Well , if I was that important to you I wouldn 't have had to . Hey , why the long faces ? Brain tissue from the dead girl . Ah , shit . Plaque . - Classic case of prion disease . - Right . If the swimming pool hadn 't done her in little Kara would have been dead in a few years anyway . Okay , so the I.Q. increases predict the disease . Oh , hey , not necessarily . - There 's just one case , eh ? One child . - Right , nothing 's certain . Yeah , but it 's not good . Well , we can 't jump to conclusions here . This is one finding , Mayko . It could be an anomaly . One point of light doesn 't make a line , right ? Okay . Well , thanks , guys . How is he ? Did you notice that Richard has 10 fingers and 10 toes ? I love his little fingernails , they 're like paper . He looks good . We won 't know for certain for about 6 months if he 's HIV negative ... But it looks good . Soon you 'll be able to take him home , and get on with your life . I 'm just starting to let myself think about ... stupid things , like is he gonna love crossword puzzles like I do ? Is he gonna hate strained peas ? - I know don 't , maybe I shouldn 't ... - Of course you should . You should think about the future . Now Richard has one . We found a cocktail , I 'm sending it to you . What am I gonna do with it ? I know you have connections in South Africa , you can have the drug reverse-engineered and shipped to clinics in Mozambique . No such thing as proper channels ? Come on Jack , you know that would take too long . By the time it would get to Mozambique , more of this strain could surface and stumble out of control but if you do it , you can get it there pronto . Tell me , Carlos . When am I getting back my favourite doctor ? You know , I yearn to go back to Africa , Jack , I really do . I love the people and I want to help them , but I made a bigger impact on HIV the last few days at NORBAC than I did 18 months in Africa . This is where I 'm meant to be . Okay . Goodbye , my friend . Bye . Ruby McGhee . I 'm 7 years , 11 months and 12 days old . - Your birthday 's coming up . - Yup . - You having a party ? - Two : one for my granny and cousins and one for all my friends at school . When I turn 9 , I 'm getting ... I 'm having a sleepover , and when I turn 16 , I 'm getting a Porsche Boxter . - Sounds you got big plans , Ruby . - Yup . Bob , meet Glen . Hi , Glen . Next time on ReGenesis : We have 3 hours before the conference . That should give us enough time . - Eat your breakfast . - Hey ! Come on , Bob . You really think it 's safe to be down here ? What do you want , then ? A couple weeks ago , she started feeling bad , and then she started getting dizzy and she lost her appetite . She needs to see a fucking doctor , okay ? We 're talking about a cure for juvenile diabetes . Oh , my God ! Should he deteriorate further , would you like us to take measures to sustain his life ? Why do you people keep asking me that ? I 'm sorry . You do understand that what we 're doing is not helping Glen , it 's just keeping him alive . I understand . We 've intercepted messages from hackers trying to crack NORBAC 's website . If you would rather work with us than against us , become a NORBAC field agent and receive a new mission each week . Remember , only you know the whole story . Transcript : Raceman Subtitles : kubilai , Lama , teuteu42
