 Over the last 60 years 4400 people have been abducted All at once they were returned . With no memory of where they 've been They haven 't aged a day And some have returned with new abilities All are trying to reconnect with a life interrupted We 're not a threat . We 're salvation . The world will have to deal with us . Previously on the 4400 ... Okay , we 're clear , right ? It 's over between the two of us . You once told me that good and evil was a choice , and i 'm afraid if i lose you i 'm going to make the wrong one . Welcome to Haspelcorp . How may i help you ? Hi . I have an appointment with Dennis Ryland . Learning anything new ? Yeah . She 's incredible . In a week , we 've made discoveries we thought it would take years to get to . Isabelle , i don 't love you . Shawn , you and i are the two most powerful people on the planet . We have to get married . I knew she was different . Dangerous . You can 't kill me , Shawn . Richard , if i believed that staying with Isabelle would save all those lives , i would marry her tomorrow , but what happens if she gets tired of me , or i make her angry ? There are things i was sent here to do . Brutal things . I don 't know how you can know that , but it doesn 't have to happen that way . We need to be together , because i think you 're the only one who can stop me . Looking for a date ? Not you . Him . Tim . You 've got a customer . So it 's 40 bucks , if you want to get started . I just want to look at you for a second . Do you have any idea how special you are ? You don 't , do you ? Look , we can talk if you want to , but it 's still 40 bucks . Timothy Winters Mccarren . You 're going to change the world . How 'd you know my name ? It 's true . You 're going to change everything ... unless i stop you . That 's it . I 'm out of here . Come on , man . Let me out . I 'm serious . I rolled that myself . It 's my way of saying thank you for inviting me to your wedding . Well , thank you , but you didn 't have to . Isabelle and i invited every 4400 . I wouldn 't have missed it . I 'm quite excited . You must be , too . The ceremony 's so close . Uh-huh . Four days . I have to offer you a word of caution . The cigar ... when you smoke it , you might be surprised by its effects . Oh , i 'm not going to get arrested for having this , am i ? Of course not . About a year after we returned , i learned i have an ability . When i come in contact with a person , they sometimes see a vision of their future . I see nothing , understand ... Only those i touch ... but i 'm told it can be quite accurate . That 's a nice talent . Thank you . I grew this tobacco myself . It 's been in contact with my hands , and so it contains my ability . Wait , so , what you 're saying is if i smoke this cigar , i 'm going to see the future ? Your future . A possible one , anyway . As i said , use with caution . You might not like what you see , but it seems an appropriate gift for a man on his wedding day . Well , it is better than a toaster oven . - Thank you , Claudio . - My congratulations to you . The centerpieces are amazing . You should take a look . Uh , yeah , sure , after we 're done with these meet-and-greets , though , okay ? Mm-hmm . Oh , you taking up smoking ? This is Edwin Garrett and his wife , Denise . They came all the way from Edinburgh to be here . Thank you so much for coming . The guy 's name was Tim Mccarren . He was a hustler . Worked an area of the park not far from here . I found his body just after sunrise . Now , i 've already interviewed his colleagues , and they say he got into a pickup truck with a man in his 20s at about 1 : 30 last night . One of the other working boys got a real decent look at the driver . So you could probably sit him down with a sketch artist . Probably could , but you do realize we 're not homicide cops , right ? We 're from NTAC . So why 'd you call us ? That 's why . My best guess ? His body was completely oxidized . It 's a chemical reaction . Cells change at the molecular level . Oxidizing ? That 's what happens when metal rusts . Exactly . Well , almost exactly . Rusting is a slow process . There 's nothing gradual about what happened to Tim Mccarren . One minute he was alive , the next ... Have you ever seen anything like this before ? No . There 's no documented disease that affects the human body this way . Meaning a 4400 ability did this . That 's for you to figure out . All i can tell you is there 's no ... earthly explanation about what happened to this guy . Thanks . So nothing even close ? Okay . Thanks , Brian . That was the lab . They ran the composite sketch of the driver against our database of 4400s . No matches . Anything from forensics ? No . They pulled a couple of partial prints off the safety pin that held the note to the kid 's jacket , but nothing we can make an i. d. from . Okay , what about the note ? It 's a deliberate message to whoever found the body . That 's typical of a serial killer pathology . Yeah , but it says " 27 . " There can 't be 26 other corpses like Tim Mccarren 's out there . Even one would make it onto our radar . So we 'll talk to Mccarren 's friends , families ... maybe he 's got a connection to a 4400 . Diana ... there is one other thing i want to talk to you about . You got plans on sunday ? Y - you want me to go to Shawn 's wedding ... with you ? It 's not a date , okay ? I figured you might be interested . Almost a thousand 4400s are coming . Oh , so it 's a professional courtesy . Yeah , that 's one way to put it . Look , to be honest , i 'd rather not be the only one sitting at the NTAC table . You 'd have a hard time finding a dance partner . Look , you know , Maia begged me to go , and i told her no . All those 4400s in one place ... we have no idea what could happen . Diana , it 's Shawn and Isabelle . Nobody 's going to cause any trouble . I mean , would you want to be on the bride 's bad side ? I can 't imagine you 're eager to welcome that girl into the family . I 'm not ... This all happened a little too quickly for my liking ... but Shawn won 't talk to me about it . I must have left him 20 messages . I was thinking about going to see him after we finish work today . Just make sure bridezilla is out of earshot . I have to . " Have to " ? You 're about to get married , Shawn . You should want to . What 's going on ? Is he ... is she pregnant ? No , no , nothing like that . Is she forcing you ? Look , Shawn , if you 're feeling trapped , if you 're looking for a way out of this , just tell me . I can help . " Help " ? I 'm I 'm not in front of a firing squad . I 'm getting married . People do it all the time . Come on , Shawn . You 're marrying Isabelle . She 's a very dangerous girl . I happen to know that . Okay , i know all about her , too , so don 't think you 're going to surprise me . I appreciate you coming down here , i know you mean well , but this marriage , it is the right thing . The right thing for who ? For everybody . They just cannot keep anything working around here . This always happens when i work late . You know , i don 't even know where the stairs are in this place . Right down here . Come on . I 'll show you . So , do you always work past 8 : 00 ? Most nights , yeah . Trying to get ahead , you know ? Dedication . I like that . You could accomplish great things . Her name was Paula Nakata . She was a lawyer at a firm in the building . My god . The poor woman . That 's two bodies in less than 24 hours . It doesn 't make any sense . Most spree killers , they have a type , but Tim Mccarren and Paula Nakata could hardly be more different . A prostitute and a corporate attorney . Why would someone target these two ? And why is she labeled " 11 " ? The numbers on the bodies are working backwards . It looks like we might have a partial print on the wedding band . It 's probably from the victim , but you never know . Let 's hope whoever did this slipped up , because i don 't think he 's anywhere close to finished yet . We were so close . We were going to save everything . Isabelle changed you . You don 't even ... know who you are anymore . She didn 't change me . She showed me who i am . I know myself better than ever , and i know exactly what has to happen here . Don 't do this . Shawn ... Marco ? Did you go home last night ? Uh ... no . Uh , i was working on your case . It got late . Cold . We had a message you wanted to talk to us . Uh , yeah . The The print that they pulled from Paula Nakata 's wedding band wasn 't hers . Does it match the one we found on Tim Mccarren 's body ? It does indeed . The print belongs to a man named Darren Piersahl . Piersahl ? I never heard of him . I 'm not surprised . See ... he is not a 4400 . Well , then he 's not the murderer . Marco , you saw both bodies . A 4400 killed these people . It certainly looks that way , but the fingerprint match wasn 't from our database . It was from U.S. military records . Piersahl was an army ranger for seven years . " Was " ? What 's he doing now ? Not much . According to army records , Darren Piersahl is dead . He was killed in action in Iraq in 2005 . I 'm wondering ... how could an army sergeant who 's supposedly been dead for a year be using a 4400 ability to kill people in present day , Seattle . Darren always wanted to be a ranger . It was his dream , ever since he was old enough to read . I encouraged it . I spent 20 years in the service myself , so when Darren signed up , it was like carrying on the family legacy . Why is NTAC so interested in my son 's death , anyway ? It 's part of an ongoing investigation , Mr. Piersahl . Please , anything you could tell us would help . Not long before he died , i got a letter from Darren . He was excited . Said he 'd been accepted into this elite training unit . He couldn 't tell me much about it , just that it meant he was being transferred off the front lines and out of harm 's way . And he was killed in action soon after that ? Two weeks later . The army told me he 'd been flying a recon mission in an oh-58 helicopter . It got hit with an RPG . They never did find his remains . I 'm so sorry , Mr. Piersahl ... but you said the army " told you " he was flying a recon mission . Did you have any reason to doubt that ? Well , i thought the timing was peculiar . I mean , i just got this letter from him saying he was done fighting , so i did some checking . There were six soldiers reported dead in the crash that killed my son . And why is that unusual ? Because an OH-58 flies with a crew of four . It can 't hold six people . A secret training program ? A death under suspicious circumstances ? There 's something off here . Even the kid 's dad knows it . It 's weird ... i 'm not denying it ... but let 's just take our time with this , okay ? There are explanations that don 't involve a cover-up . Someone could have planted Darren Piersahl 's fingerprints at the crime scene . Who knows ? It could be a 4400 . Someone who can mimic other people 's fingerprints . Maybe ... But if you were trying to frame someone , why would you pick a dead man ? Baldwin . Where ? We 'll be right in . They just found another body . I 'll let you all in on a little family secret . My brother and i haven 't always seen eye to eye , so we didn 't talk for a while . I went to college , he became the most famous person in the world ... but it 's all good , because he 's a great guy , and i 'm really proud of him . I think we all are . So ... Congratulations , man . I couldn 't be happier to see you walk the plank . Cheers . Is there anything you 'd like to say , daddy ? T oast . The father of the bride wants to speak . Uh ... Shawn ... Isabelle ... I have to say , i had my doubts ... but my daughter has managed to overcome them . She was determined to make this marriage happen , and here we all are . Shawn , she couldn 't have picked a better partner . I 'm proud to call you my son . Cheers . Cheers . So ... where you going on your honeymoon ? Well , we haven 't really figured that out yet . If you 'll all please excuse me ... Stay . You keep charming your in-laws . I 'll see what 's up . Isabelle ... You saw me die ? You 're sure ? I killed you , and Richard , i swear to god , it looked like i was enjoying it . The whole reason that i 'm marrying Isabelle is to keep her attached , normal ... that 's not what happens . I don 't make her more human . She makes me less human . Listen , i have to try something . I have to go . I have to see if it changes anything . You 're going to walk out on the wedding ? Maybe . I don 't know . I 'm ... i 'm getting out of here , and then i 'm going to see what happens . If you leave now , it 's not going to make Isabelle very happy . It might not be that easy to come back . I know that , but i have to do it . Just ... tell them i 'm sick or something . I 'm sorry . Just tell them something , okay ? Her name was Holly Martins . She was a housewife in Madison Park . The pool man found her body . Was there a note ? " 92 " ? How many people is this guy targeting ? Guys , i figured out what all these corpses have in common . All the victims had the same mutation ? We did a genetic workup on all three corpses . Every one of them has a slight alteration of the 11th chromosome . It 's called the Starzl mutation . That could be a coincidence . Not likely . The Starzl mutation is extremely rare . The only documented cases are in the Seattle area . See , there 's two kinds of mutations . Some occur naturally . You know , something goes wrong when the body is building itself . Others are induced . The genes are changed by external factors . The Starzl mutation is induced . That 's right . Starting in 1969 , Seattle presbyterian hospital used a flawed radiation machine to treat their cancer patients . The microswitches that controlled the thing weren 't working , so the dosages were all off . How long did this go on ? Just under five years . Once the hospital figured out what they were doing , they tested everyone who had ever been exposed to it . In some cases , the radiation induced a small mutation . The Starzl mutation . Yeah , they named it after the company that made the bad machine . And the mutation 's replicable . People who got it passed it on to their kids , which includes ... our three victims . But they were all living normal lives . They were healthy . Just like most mutations , you can have it and not even know . After everything went public , the lawyers came out to play . There was a class-action lawsuit . Seattle presbyterian paid a huge settlement to everyone who was affected by the machine . They almost went bankrupt . So Darren Piersahl , who 's supposed to be dead , is targeting carriers of the Starzl mutation , which only occurs around Seattle , and has absolutely no effect on its carriers . Okay , but why ? Excellent question . When you find out , make sure you tell me . If there was a lawsuit , there 's a paper trail . I bet you that hospital keeps a master list of everyone they paid . You okay ? Shawn ... you have to stop healing me . No , you 're going to make it , uncle Tommy . No , Shawn , i 'm not . This is all my fault . I should never have talked you out of marrying Isabelle . No , that was my decision , not yours . I can 't help thinking that it didn 't have to end this way . Everyone we love is dead . I 'm sorry . The catastrophe is here . Hey ... no , no , no . Hold on , hold on , hold on ... hold on ... No ! Let me go . Let me go . Let me go ! Save as many as you can , Shawn . You 're lucky . Until six weeks ago , i hadn 't pulled that file in years . If you 'd asked me then , it would have taken me hours to find it . What happened six weeks ago ? Some guy in a suit showed up . He had a document with him saying that the military needed the file for , uh , research in the war on terror . Yeah , there we go . There it is . That 's the master list of everyone we paid in the Starzl case . This man , can you tell me his name ? Yeah ... Miles Enright . Why ? You know him ? Not yet . There 's 123 people here . 123 people we know have the Starzl mutation . And the numbers we 've been finding on the dead bodies correspond to where they appear on the list . Number 27 , Timothy McCarren . Number 11 , Paula Nakata . And Holly Martins , 92 . So Darren Piersahl , if he 's the killer , is working from the same list we 're holding . But the order seems so random . I mean , is he just killing them as the opportunity arises , or is there some method ? I 'll try and find a pattern . Hey , um ... how 's Maia been ? She 's okay . She asks about you a lot . Yeah ? I just checked out miles enright . He 's a vice president of research and development at Haspelcorp . Dennis . You 've been ignoring our calls . I 'm busy , Tom . Why don 't you go through my assistant ? Maybe we can talk next week or so . It 's important , Ryland . It 's about Darren Piersahl , and your company 's program to create a division of the u . s . Military with 4400 abilities . I don 't know , Tom . I 've been working here less than three months . I still don 't know where the supply closets are , and now you 've got me heading up a covert program where i 'm injecting promicin into United States soldiers ? Six weeks ago , the vice president of research and development acquired a list of everyone with the Starzl mutation . Miles Enright . Maybe you know him ? Sorry . It 's a big building . I haven 't met everybody yet . Three people are dead . Now , you need to tell us everything you know about Darren Piersahl so we can bring him in before he kills anyone else . I 've never heard of him , and i 've certainly never heard of this ... what do you call it ? " Starzl mutation " ? This is your last chance to cooperate before we find Piersahl . If you help us now , we 'll make it look better for your company later , Dennis . Well , how can I help you when I have no idea what you 're talking about ? Now , if this program existed ... and please understand , i 'm not saying it does ... you seem to think that people would be shocked to know that it 's out there . Me , I think they 'd be grateful . I think any good citizen would be thankful that his government was working on this , because you can be damn sure our enemies are . If everyone would be so happy , why not just tell us about it ? As usual , you have no idea of what the stakes are . Whoever controls promicin has a strategic advantage over the rest of the world . This is another Manhattan project , Tom , and they didn 't close it down because a couple of technicians got radiation poisoning . They kept on working , and they were right to do that . It 's made the world a better place . Not that you 're admitting that the program exists , right ? What program ? So if I go through with it , if I marry Isabelle , you and I become enemies . I kill you . If I don 't do it ... Richard , things are even worse . People are dead . A lot of people . In the second vision , your uncle said that the catastrophe was here , right ? The place looked like a war zone . What the hell am I supposed to do ? Look , you can only deal with the information you have . In one future , I die . In another , it sounds like thousands of people , maybe millions , are at risk . That 's no choice at all . We 're talking about your life . The guy said each vision was one possible future . If you do marry Isabelle ... at least we 're going into it with our eyes open . Now that we know what could happen , we can change things . Nothing 's inevitable , right ? Let 's hope not ... because believe me ... I don 't want to die . Meet staff sergeant John Shaffner . Okay , so why are we meeting him ? He was one of six fatalities in the helicopter crash that " killed " Darren Piersahl . A helicopter that seated only four . Right . Turns out John Shaffner 's family never received his remains either . You know , there was really a helicopter crash that day in Iraq , but four families got their kids ' bodies back , and two didn 't , so here 's what i 'm thinking ... You think Piersahl and Shaffner were recruited into haspelcorp 's training program at the same time . So they used the crash to fake two deaths , so that Piersahl and Shaffner could disappear into the program with impunity . So we have a second member of haspelcorp 's program , which is great , but it doesn 't get us any closer to Darren Piersahl . Good point . It doesn 't , really . Not until ... you look at Shaffner 's dog tags . This is Shaffner 's military serial number . Look familiar ? Should it ? 27 . That 's what the note we found on Tim Mccarren said . That 's also where we found his name on the list of people with the Starzl mutation . 11 . That was Paula Nakata 's number . And Holly Martins was 92 on the list . There is a pattern . He 's picking the order based on his buddy 's serial number . Okay , but why ? Maybe it 's a message , maybe they 're doing it together , but if he 's consistent , the next victim will be number 38 on the Starzl list . Alex Messina . I already checked him out . He manages a bike store in Madrona . Yeah , I recognize him . He was in here earlier today . Did he say anything to you ? It was kind of weird , actually . He asked me if my name was alex messina , and he said it like that . You know , the full name ? He wanted to know if I could come out and take a look at his bike . He needed to replace a part . I told him just to bring it in . He said he 'd come back when we were less busy . Send a tactical team over right away . Thanks . If Piersahl makes a move , we 'll be ready . Tom . It must be from Piersahl . Hey . Do you like this color ? This place needs to be a little more girly if i 'm going to be living here . Yeah , it looks great . I think so , too . I 'm glad you 're back . If Piersahl knows we 're on to him , he 'll change his pattern of attack . There 's about a dozen people we can 't find . Let 's hope we get to them before Piersahl does . Tom Baldwin ? Yeah , who 's asking ? My name is John . John Shaffner . I was a volunteer in the same program Darren Piersahl was in . The one that drove him crazy . Yeah , we know who you are . And we know about the program . Good . Then you 're ready to hear what i have to say . We were volunteers . All of us . I still remember the sales pitch . We 'd be the elite , a new type of soldier . We had to give up our lives , forfeit our identities ... they said it was the only way . The program had to operate in complete secrecy . When did you start getting the injections ? Right away . It started slow , but about three weeks ago , they started upping our dosages . That 's when guys started to lose it . Where did they get their promicin ? I don 't know , but they seemed to have plenty of it , though . Darren was the first one who could do stuff . An ability . He killed one of the instructors by mistake . It freaked him out . You two escaped together ? Once we got out , we pretty much went our separate ways . I had no idea he was going do this . So he 's AWOL ? These murders aren 't sanctioned by anyone ? No , Darren 's freelancing . That 's why they want him back so bad . He 's compromising the program . Our C.O.S , they told us about the Starzl mutation , they told us it could be a threat , but they never told us to kill anybody . Then what is it ? Why does Darren want them dead so badly ? It 's got something to do with ... babies . So far , any time a 4400 has a kid with a member of the regular population , their babies are normal . They don 't make promicin . They don 't have abilities . We know . We 've been tracking the births . The Starzl mutation changes all that . If a 4400 has a kid with someone who has the mutation ... the baby would be promicin-positive . They 'd have abilities . How would the military even know that ? Have they tried it ? I don 't know , but they seem pretty goddamn sure it 's true . I know this is going to sound crazy , but Darren is a victim here , too . They gave us so many stimulants . They amped us up to kill , and he snapped . I don 't know if he thinks he 's on a mission or something , but I know he needs to be stopped . I 'll do whatever I can to help you find him . So , what do you think you know ? Everything , including the Starzl mutation , and I have to give you credit ... if what you say is right , it would explain why the 4400 were sent back in 2004 , why they were all brought to Seattle ... this is the only place the 4400 can reproduce and have kids with abilities . Any of this sound familiar ? I think I read the same theory in a supermarket tabloid once . We know about your enhanced soldier program , Dennis . We have one of your people . John Shaffner been showing up for many roll calls lately ? Well , as soon as we have Piersahl , we 're going public with this , and there 's nothing you can do to stop that . All you can do is make yourself and this company look slightly better by cooperating with our efforts to bring him in . We want Piersahl 's personnel file . Everything you have . If it 's not in my hands in 90 seconds , John Shaffner will be standing in front of a bank of cameras before lunch . This could be something . Maybe . It reads like some kind of personal statement . An essay by Piersahl . Yeah , we had to do those to get in the program . They wanted us to write about some goal we achieved , something we were proud of . This is all about a volunteer program that he did . There was a patch of forest that got cleared by a fire . Piersahl volunteered to renew it so that he could become a ... Darren Piersahl was an eagle scout ? Yeah , he used to talk about those woods all the time . When we were in the middle of the program , whenever things got really bad , he used to tell me that 's where he 'd go in his head . He 'd imagine himself there . It calmed him down . This patch of forest , any chance you know where it is ? Maybe you could put your arm around her , Mr. Tyler . That 's great . The magazine wants to get a shot of the bride and groom . Has anyone seen the groom ? Who gave you the key ? Your own bodyguard . You started a war , Richard . You turned the 4400 into an army , and you launched an attack for no reason ! We didn 't have a choice . It had to be a preemptive strike . No choice ? Look at what you 're doing ! Look at it ! It has to stop . Isabelle changed you . You don 't even know who you are anymore . She didn 't change me . She showed me who I am . I know myself better than ever , and I know exactly what has to happen here . Don 't do this . Shawn ... Shawn . Sorry to barge in on you . It 's just ... they need you down in the garden . Pictures . Are you okay ? I 'm fine . I 'm just ... a little overwhelmed . Darren ? Darren ? Darren , you out here ? What are you doing here ? - What are you doing here ? - Darren , relax , man . It 's me , Shaffner . John . We 're friends , remember ? Shaff . You came . That 's good . That 's good . I need your help . I 'm never going to make it all the way through this list on my own . Darren , you don 't have to finish the list . It 's someone else 's agenda . You 've got it all mixed up in your head . Come on with me . There 's some people I want you to talk to . They can help us . " They " ? Who are " they " ? It 's got to stop , man . Please . Come with me . No . No . Wait ! We 've got people covering the access road . We 'll pin him down . Fan out ! Oh , jesus . Tom ! I can 't see anything ! Tom ... Tom ! Tom ? We lost Shaffner . Piersahl 's dead . He was on his way out before we even started fighting . Piersahl had a stab wound in his stomach . I guess Shaffner didn 't go down without a fight . Yeah , well , they 're both gone , and there 's no one left to talk about the program . We still have evidence . We can go after haspelcorp . Expose everything . Yeah , but it would 've been nice to have a face to put out there . I mean , now all we have are accusations and a paper trail . And five dead bodies . Hey , you guys got to see this . We are proud to announce the existence of this enhanced soldier program to all the world , but it should not in any way be seen as an offensive maneuver . We have evidence suggesting that other countries have similar programs . This is merely a response . The young men I 'm about to introduce to you have been working in secret , and we 've made numerous advances . In time , they 'll become the first non-4400s to develop extra-human abilities , and they 'll use them in the defense of the United States . Now I 'd like to introduce eight heroic young men , all of whom have given so much of themselves to make this breakthrough possible . Ryland 's preempting us . Trotting them out there on stage like they 're the first astronauts . Major Jeremy Elwood ... first lieutenantRaymond Garcia , first lieutenant Jeff Rice , first lieutenant Brian Dawson , second lieutenant James Knowlon , second lieutenant Dirk Danoff ... the press conference was a clever move , Dennis . I have to give credit where it 's due . But this company has five bodies on its hands , and I 'm going to make sure everyone knows it . Knows what ? We 're not denying anything . It 's unfortunate that one of my men went awol , but he was clearly deranged . I 've got a whole team of doctors standing by to testify to that effect . You created an assassin . It 's a tragedy , and it 's news , i 'll admit that , but tomorrow morning , the Piersahl case will be below the fold on every newspaper , and all the headlines will be about our program . That 's the way I see it , anyway . Who 's feeding you your information ? You knew about the Starzl mutation before we did . You have a source of promicin for your program . Who is it ? You give me too much credit , Tom . That stuff happens way above my security clearance . The soldiers you 're creating ... are you really going to use them to defend the country ? Or are you just going to send them after the 4400 ? Is there a difference ? Enjoy your nephew 's wedding . You sure you 're ready for this ? You look ready . Let 's do this . Hello there . Thank you for coming . Thanks , kids . Thank you for coming , so much . Thank you for being here . Thank you so much for being here . Thank you . Thank you for coming so far . Thank you . Appreciate you coming all this way . Thank you so much . Shawn ! Shawn Farrell ? Do you know who I am ? Next week ... Jordan Collier is alive ... The 4400 's leader is back from the dead . What does he want ? You lied to me Isabelle . An all new episode of the 4400 ... Did you kill me ?
