 Over the last 60 years 4400 people have been abducted All at once they were returned With no memory of where they 've been They haven 't aged a day And some have returned with new abilities All are trying to reconnect with a life interrupted We 're not a threat . We 're salvation . The world will have to deal with us . Previously on the 4400 ... I see you 've been spending a lot of time with Shawn . People see her , they see a woman , a beautiful woman , and they might forget that inside , she 's just a little girl . I 'm glad she has you around to be a friend . You killed people . That 's not what we discussed when you approached me . We are in a war . It 's going to cost money . You sold us out . I 'm very disappointed in you , Shawn . And I 'm afraid I can 't forgive you . Diana Skouris , your adoption of Maia Rutledge is hereby complete , legal , and binding . Ms. Skouris , my name is Sara . I 'm Maia 's sister . Do you see the future more clearly since you stopped taking the inhibitor ? - Who are you ? - I 'm Lindsey . I 'm a part of her collection . We all are . Tyler ! Duncan ! You 've been here ever since you walked through the front door of my house . You 're in the future . We had to bring you here , Maia , you and your friends . Before we put you back in your new time , we 'll make you forget your mother . Please , don 't . They 'll forget you , too . - Hey . - Oh , Marco , they 're beautiful . How did you know I like anemones ? You remember that bad Italian restaurant ? I asked you what your favorite flower was , - and you said ... - anemones . Most guys don 't even listen to table talk . You not only heard me , you remembered . Do you know how lucky you 're going to get tonight ? Ah , then my plan is working . I thought it was just going to be the two of us . It is . Then who 's the other plate for ? Di ? I don 't know what I was thinking . - You having fun ? - Of course I 'm having fun . You sure you don 't want a turn at the wheel ? It 's your fantasy . Okay , honey . Hold on . Look out ! - You all right ? - I think so . - You saw her , too , right ? - Of course I did . Why would a little girl be standing in the middle of the road ? I have no idea . A joy ride in the country , that 's what we agreed on , right ? A great car , a deserted road . Hitting some kid at 80 miles plus ... where the hell does that come in ? What happened to her ? Thomas ... You okay ? Who was she ? I have no idea . How many times have we 've done this , Alana ? Gone away together in one of these fantasy worlds you create ? - A dozen times , two dozen ? - At least . And these worlds , they always feel real . Except this time , a girl without a face appears out of nowhere . It felt more like a nightmare . But something like that was bound to happen sooner or later . I build these worlds out of our memories . I guess this time I dredged up something incomplete ... A fragment of something , a sort of ... mental hiccup . Okay , but this girl , is she part of my memory or yours ? Yours , mine , both ... there 's no way to know , is there ? One of us might have seen her picture in a book , or ... seen her in the street . We just don 't remember her face . It might have just been a glimpse . Yeah , well ... A glimpse pretty much ruined our night . Well , tomorrow night will be better , I promise . Anywhere you want to go , anywhere we want to go , and ... anything we want to do . You know , for his 12th birthday , I took Kyle fishing up at the Dosewallips River . I thought maybe the three of us could go there . That sounds great . And maybe this time , we could actually catch some fish . I don 't know what 's wrong with my bedroom ... or yours for that matter . We 've already done it there a bunch of times . Experts say you should do adventurous things to keep relationships more interesting . They say that , huh ? What could be more adventurous than a quickie on the staircase ? Did you switch from Encyclopedia Britannica to Cosmo magazine or something ? Well , I read lots of stuff . I 'll take the elevator . Devon ... How embarrassing for her . Isabelle , just stop . Just ... What 's the matter , Shawn ? What 's wrong ? She 's not going to tell my father . She 'd be too afraid of me . Isabelle , she 's going to tell someone , and they 'll tell someone else , and then everybody 's going to know . Where 's your partner ? Late . A 4400 , Christopher Dubov , was attacked outside his home last night . I want to know if we 're looking at a hate crime . It says here he 's a lawyer at Teller and Dutch . That 's a major mergers and acquisitions firm . They 've been all over the financial pages this year . Yeah , which makes him a high-profile 4400 . An easy target for somebody looking to make a point . No , it makes him a corporate radar who put a lot of people out the employment life . His 4400 status isn 't the only motive someone might have to attack him . Just talk to him . See if he can write you up a list . Oh ... alarm clock needs new batteries ? No , it 's a crappy morning . You opening up a newsstand ? No , just a ... project I 'm working on . So , what do we got ? Yeah , you could call it a hate crime . My son Michael certainly hates me . Your son did this to you , Mr. Dubov ? His mom and I split up . He blames me . I 'm the one who introduced her to Bob , her new husband . I knew they belonged together . I could smell it . I 'm not sure I follow . It 's my ability . It showed up once I stopped taking the Promicin Inhibitor . I can smell pheromones . You mean the stuff people put out to attract other people ? Weird , huh ? Things between my wife and I haven 't been too good for a while . Then I met bob . He 's my new dentist . Right away , there was something familiar about him . Then I realized what it was . He smelled just like Caroline . So I made her an appointment . I had to know whether or not they belonged together . Let me guess . Love at first sight . Sight , smell , whatever . You and your son look very happy together . Those were taken when Michael was 10 . 10 ... That 's a ... That 's a great age . Mr. Dubov ... Do you want us to talk to Michael , explain to him that assault is a serious crime ? Forget it . I 'm sorry my secretary called you . Besides , I think I know a way to get him to forgive me . There 's a new bar around the corner . One of the waitresses , she smells just like my kid . Let 's hope she 's not married . Amen to that . You know , I bet if that guy quit his job and opened up a dating service , he 'd make a fortune . Though I 'm not sure how turning a corporate lawyer into cupid is going to help save the future . Hey ... Honey , what 's going on ? You all right ? Dubov was gone for , like , five years , right ? I ... I bet his son really missed him . Probably . I mean , every 4400 left someone behind . Are you sure it 's not something else ? No ... It 's fine , really . It 'll pass . Physical ? You and Isabelle ? You want to explain that ? I asked you a question ! What exactly is going on between you and my daughter ? We never planned on going behind your back . In fact , we never planned it at all . It just kind of happened . Friendship ! Remember , we talked about that . That 's as far as it was supposed to go . What to say ? I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry , too . I 'm sorry I ever trusted you . - Isabelle is just a child . - No , Richard , she isn 't . She 's emotionally immature , and you took advantage of that ! That 's what you think ? You know me better than that . That 's not fair . I know your judgment stinks , that 's what I know . And you 're gonna stay away from my daughter . I 'm not going to make that promise to you . I am not giving you a choice here , you understand me ? This thing between the two of you , it is over . I don 't recall saying " come in . " I thought perhaps a referee might be in order . May I advise you gentlemen to go to your neutral corners ? This is a private conversation , Matthew . It may have started out that way , but I assure you , it 's becoming very public . I could hear you out in the hallway . And for the record , I happen to agree with Richard . This relationship with Isabelle is ill advised at best . I thought referees didn 't take sides . If I were you , Shawn , I 'd take this opportunity to make a graceful exit . Think about what I said , Shawn . I 'm expecting you to do the right thing . What 's for lunch ? Prosciutto with figs , rosemary chicken , couscous , and raspberries . You know , when Kyle and I used to go fishing , we 'd take a half a dozen peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and think we were living like kings . Well , I like to think the reality I create is a little bit tastier than that . Good . Hey , we ought to get going . Hey , Kyle ! Come on , buddy ! Come on Kyle , let 's go ! Come on ... It 's you . The girl on the road . That 's right . You remember ... Maia . Maia ... Have we met before ? Don 't be silly . No , I 'm sorry . I ... don 't remember you . Sure you do . Think harder . Is that why you keep showing up ? Because you want me to remember ? I 'm here because you brought me here . There has to be a reason why this girl keeps showing up . There was nothing familiar about her ? Nothing at all ? But she kept acting like we knew each other . And if she 's right , if I did bring her there , then I must know her from somewhere . Tom ... Shouldn 't you be at work ? Jarvis said you called in sick . Well , I 'm allowed . Thanks for checking in on me . Come on , Diana . Talk to me . What are you ... What the hell 's all this ? It 's just a project I 'm working on . I mentioned it to you . Who 's this supposed to be ? I wish I knew . I know this might sound creepy , but I was up all night last night cutting out pictures of little girls , and none of them seemed to be the right one . I mean , I think I 'm going crazy . Then we both are . You know those dream vacations I take with Alana ... This little girl keeps showing up in them . This little blonde girl , says her ... name is Maia . Maia ... - Oh , Tom ... - What ? You have to come with me . I have to show you something . Who is she , Tom ? Who is Maia ? I don 't know ... There 's no mention of someone named Maia in any of our case files . Okay , well , maybe we met her together someplace else . Maybe at one of Garrity 's barbecues . No , that does not feel right . I didn 't just meet this girl once at a barbecue . - I know her better than that . - All right , just calm down . Well , there 's a reason this girl is haunting us , Tom . Okay , she 's out there somewhere , and she wants us to find her . Well , right now the only place I know she exists is in one of these dreamworlds that Alana and I create . Well , then I need for Alana to take me there . I need to meet this girl , talk to her . No , but you wouldn 't really be talking to her , Diana . You 'd just be talking to whatever your subconscious remembers of her . Well , maybe that would be enough for me to figure out who she is . How do I sound ? Like you 've been playing for years . But I haven 't . It 's my first time . I kind of figured that . Isabelle , you have a minute ? Have a seat . Isabelle , you know I 'm proud of you , don 't you ? This is about Shawn and I having sex , isn 't it ? That 's part of it , yeah , yeah , but ... only part of it . Right now , everything is new to you . You 're learning so much , so fast . How to be a ... a daughter ... - A friend ... - A lover . That part you might be learning a little too fast ... You don 't want me to get my feelings hurt ... I would just like it if you and Shawn slowed down ... Stop sleeping together ? - For the time being . - There 's no reason to stop . Shawn cares about me . I care about Shawn . The sex is wonderful . It makes us both very happy . It should make you happy , too . Maybe it should , but it doesn 't . I suppose that 's normal . But everything 's going to be okay . Shawn would never do anything to hurt me . He 's way too smart for that . So you see ? You have nothing to worry about . I wonder if anyone at the center has a cello . So , what do I have to do ? - Well , the main thing is to relax . - Oh , my God . I usually close my eyes and count backwards from 10 . Before I reach zero , we 're somewhere else . Do you have any idea where you want Alana to take you ? We usually have a destination picked out . Well , wherever Maia is ... I mean , you can do that , can 't you ? You can take me to her . She seems to show up any place we go . So it 's really up to you . All right , well , let 's just keep it simple . How about my apartment ? All right . Now , let 's begin . Alana ... This is not my apartment . I know . I 'm not quite sure what just happened . You done talking to your friend ? You 're Maia . Stop fooling around . Come on . He 's waiting for us . There you are , Ms. Skouris . The documents are all ready . If you 'll just have a seat and sign where indicated , we can finish up . You still want to do this ... don 't you ? Diana Skouris , your adoption of Maia Rutledge is hereby complete , legal , and binding . So witnessed by me , Henry Biederman , of the tenth circuit family court of Seattle . You know , some of us have to look far and wide to find the people we 'll call family . You two had to look clear across time . Diana , let me introduce you to your daughter Maia . Maia , say hello to mommy . Oh , my god , Maia ... Oh , my God ... Diana , what happened ? She was kidnapped , Tom . She was taken by a woman pretending to be her sister . She took Maia , Tyler Downing , Lindsey Hammond , and a whole bunch of 4400 kids . Do you remember any of this ? No . No , I don 't . So this woman took these children , and somehow made everyone forget they ever existed ? Yes , but they existed . Maia Rutledge disappeared from Crescent City , California , March 3rd , 1946 . Wait , you 're saying she was abducted , then returned with the other 4400 , then taken again , and none of us remember this but you ? It 's like they 've wiped all our memories . - But why ? - Cause they didn 't want us looking for ' em . The 4400 were taken and returned to change the future in some way , and maybe Maia and the others were taken so that they could change it again . But I don 't know , and I don 't care . All I know is that four days ago , she was here with me . And I need you to believe that I have a daughter named Maia , and that she 's been taken from me . I don 't remember Maia , or the kidnapping , or any of it . And the idea that my memory 's been messed with scares the hell out of me . But after everything we 've been through with the 4400 , yes , Diana , I believe you . - Hello . - Richard Tyler ? Yes . Who is this ? My name is Daniel Armand . You know who I am ? Of the nova group ? I think it 's time you and I met , Richard . We have a lot to discuss . I have a lot I 'd like to say to you , too , but I don 't think you 're going to want to hear it . Now , you see , that 's the problem , right there . We should be allies , not adversaries . My group and your organization have the same goal . We 're advocating for the rights of the 4400 . Except that you advocate through assassination and intimidation . We lack the strength of numbers , Richard , so we use the tools at our disposal . Is that what you called me for ? To have a debate ? I called to arrange a truce , and to talk about Shawn Farrell . You going to make more threats against him ? No , we need to discuss his future , Richard . Because unless you and I can come to some kind of an agreement , I 'm not sure he 's going to have one . He says I should meet him on the corner of Pike and Gorch Thursday at 4 : 00 . And then ? A car will be there to pick me up and ... take me someplace for a face-to-face with Armand . Sounds to me like the Nova Group 's been reading too much John Lecarre . - What did you say ? - I told him I 'd think about it . What is there to think about ? You 're not going . Let 's not rush to judgment . I 've dealt with this guy before , remember ? He wants one thing . You know what it is : money . And probably the names and addresses of every 4400 in our computer . If they have an ability that he can use , he will exploit it , and people will die . People have already died . Maybe I can stop it . What , are you going to make him see the light ? No , but maybe I could stop him from killing you . How ? How ? By putting this place and everything that we 've worked for in jeopardy ? I won 't let you do that . Noble words , Shawn , but may I remind you if the nova group wants to strike at you , I don 't think there 's any way we can prevent it . Thank you for the pep talk , Matthew . Just being realistic . So am I. If I don 't show , it 's like a declaration of war , and we all know who the first casualty will be . You and Jordan Collier built this place . You 're its heart and soul . Then listen to me , Richard . I tried to deal with these people before . It was a disaster . I 'm warning you ... I 'm asking you ... Please do not make the same mistake . Please . Skouris , I have a list right here of every 4400 who returned that night to Highland Beach . There 's no Maia Rutledge , there 's no Tyler Downing , there 's no Lindsey Hammond . I 've explained that . They 've been erased . From the records , from our memories . Someone has tried to wipe out every trace of them . We talked to the families . In the last week , all of them have been haunted by phantom memories of children they supposedly lost years ago . Okay , let 's say for a minute that I am buying any of this , and I 'm not , but if I did , we don 't even know where they were taken . The future ? That 's kind of out of our jurisdiction . I 've seen Maia . I 've spoken to her . We both have . Okay , you are asking me to commit manpower and resource to find a little girl that only exists in some shared fantasies that you guys play around in . Look , I 'm sorry , but I can 't do it . Uh , you guys through ? Because ... I think I found your kids . Here we go . Watch this . That 's him . That 's Tyler . It 's dated September 19th , 1893 . They sent him back further into the past ? Why ? Well , that , I can 't tell you . But Tyler Downing did graduate first in his class from Yale University in engineering . I knew I 'd heard the name before . In 1915 , he helped develop synthetic petroleum . You drove to work this morning because of this guy . Lindsey Hammond . June 11th , 1918 . This is from the estate of Robert Goddard . You know , the rocket guy ? He adopted an orphan named Lindsey Hammond . She lived in her family . Eventually worked in his lab . And she invented all the composite materials used in the first lunar colonies . Okay , so , what about Maia ? Did you find any photos of her ? Uh , no , she ... she was a little harder to track down , but , uh I finally found something . That 's Maia 's handwriting . It 's a diary , from Maia Rutledge . Dated April 19th through September 2nd , 1847 . It was written while she was part of a wagon train making its way along the Oregon Trail . I 'm sorry , she crossed the Rockies in a covered wagon ? Uh ... no . She died of smallpox in October of ' 47 . She was 25 . No , I 'm sorry , Shawn . But it 's not my father 's decision , it 's mine , and I 'm not breaking up with you . It 's got nothing to do with your dad . Not really . You and I made some decisions . We did some things . We did what we wanted to do . And there 's no reason we can 't keep doing that . We 'll be more careful . My father won 't know . That 's not going to work . Not anymore . Lying to him , going behind his back . We 've done enough of that . The truth is , Isabelle , I kind of took advantage of you ... And I 'm really sorry . You are so sweet the way you worry about me . I don 't want this relationship to end . So it 's not going to . I need to see her . Please , can you take me to see my daughter ? Diana , you know it 's not really Maia you 'd be seeing . Oh , I don 't care . Today I found out that my daughter , who I loved was sent back into the past , and died 150 years ago . And I 'm sorry , but that 's going to take me awhile to come in terms with it . I just ... Please , let me do this . I need to say goodbye . Give me your coat . I 'll put some coffee on . Ready ? Mommy ... Mommy , I 'm starving . Can we have pancakes ? I 'll help make them . Well , I 'll need the eggs from the fridge . And bring me the big plastic bowl . God ! Alana ! Alana ! Alana ... My god , you 're bleeding . Are you okay ? I ... I think so . Diana ... Diana , can you hear me ? Diana , look at me . What the hell happened ? - I thought I was bringing us out . - Well , why isn 't she awake ? I couldn 't hold on to her . It 's as if she pulled away . Thomas , I think she 's still inside the dreamworld . How can she be in there without you ? I 'm not sure . When you and I separate , we let go of the illusion . - But she 's not letting go . - What , she 's not coming out ? I think she 's happy there with her daughter . And she has no intention of ever leaving . Oh , come on . At first I thought she 'd suffered some kind of intracerebral hemorrhage , but the MRI didn 't show any bleeding in the brain . So she hasn 't suffered any damage ? Not yet , but the EEG was very troubling . Her brain activity is far above normal and continues to accelerate . The same is true for her heart rate , her breathing , her blood pressure . They 're all red-Lining , if you will . - Any idea what 's causing it ? - I really can 't say at the moment . But her metabolic rate can 't stay at this level for very long . Eventually , her organs will fail . What , she could die ? Unless we can slow down her rates , we 're looking at a very poor outcome . Does she have any family ? You should call them . I need to talk to her . Can you do that ? Take me to see Diana . Push me a little , mommy . - Hey , I am pushing you . - Then make it higher . - Look , not too high . - But that 's the whole fun ! She has a point . I thought I 'd be seeing you two . I didn 't hurt you , did I ? It felt a little jarring when you left . I 'm fine . You , on the other hand , are not . Well , that 's where you 're wrong , because I feel great . You 're in an ICU , Diana . I thought I might end up there . What 's my heart rate ? Is it 170 ? 175 ? Higher ... That still probably gives me , what , anywhere from three weeks to two months ? - That could be forever in here . - You 're talking about suicide . I appreciate your concern , Tom . I do . But really , I 'd like you to leave now , both of you . Listen , Diana , believe me ... Don 't walk away . The first time I came to one of these places , I never wanted to leave , but I came to realize this is not the world . None of this is real , including ... Maia . Mommy , push me a little harder . She 's real enough for me . Oh , she 's not coming back , is she ? She 's going to die in there . That seems to be her plan . I can 't help but think this is my fault . I took her there . No , don 't do that to yourself . You didn 't take Maia away . The people who did that , they 're to blame . Maybe ... But these people , the future , they don 't seem to care who they hurt , do they ? No , they don 't . 4 : 00 is fast approaching . Have you come to a decision ? Do I want to get in bed with a terrorist or go to war with one ? That does appear to be the question . Whatever you decide , you can count on my support . Isabelle . Isabelle ? My relationship with Shawn has nothing to do with you . That 's not true . I just care about what happens to you . You can care about me all you want . Just stay out of my business . - I 'm not going to do that . - Yes , you are . Isabelle ... Daddy ... Daddy ... I 'm sorry . Okay , move on . It 's all right . I don 't know if you can hear me , but I 've been thinking . You know , ever since the 4400 came back , it 's been one sacrifice after another . You , your daughter , my son ... It has to stop . So I have a plan . I 'm not sure it 's going to work . It might be the stupidest thing I 've ever done . I kind of wish you were here to stop me . But you 're not , and I have to try something . Maybe this is goodbye , maybe it isn 't . The job wouldn 't have been any fun without you . Okay , okay . Okay , this is going to work , right ? It worked , right ? I 'm ... I 'm not dead . Not this time , no . Next time , you might not be so fortunate . The children you took , Maia and the others , I want them back . You were never meant to remember them . We went to great lengths to erase them from your memory , to spare you any pain . It didn 't work . It appears we underestimated the bonds they had forged . It 's called family . Are you familiar with the concept ? You had no right to take them , treat people like that . Maia was only 25 when she died . Now , either you return the children , or put that rope back around my neck , because I 'm done . In that case , I need to show you something . They 're alive . You forced us to go back . Extract them from the timeline . But returning them to you would be a mistake . For our time , and for yours . The 4400 were an experiment we always knew might fail . There were so many variables . It was impossible to predict them all . So you 're telling me everything you 've done ... Taking the 4400 , sending them back ... It hasn 't changed anything ? The catastrophe 's still coming ? Our enemies are more resourceful than we imagined . Enemies ? There are those among us who would prefer history to remain unchanged , that the 4400 fail in their mission . You mean , they want humanity to die out ? They are convinced that they will survive . Not only survive , but benefit from the chaos . If you think we are heartless , I assure you that the other side is unimaginably more brutal . And they 've let loose a terrible evil into your time . Sending these children further back into the timeline was an attempt to combat that evil . If we return them to you , all the good that they 've done in the past will be negated . The 4400 and everything that they were meant to achieve will be in jeopardy . This evil , there has to be some other way to deal with it . There is . You . You are the other way . It 's a burden that we had hoped not to place on you . If you return Maia and the others , I 'll do whatever you want . What we want , you may not be willing to give . Do we have a deal or not ? We do , but it 's a deal I 'm afraid you 'll come to regret . Hello ! Is there anyone here ? Maia ? Tom ! Maia ... It 's okay . He works with my mom . We were kidnapped . Where is Sara ? Yes , yes ... You 're all going home . It 's over . You 're all safe now . Is my mom here ? She 's not here . But I 'll take you to her , okay ? Hello . Has he arrived yet ? Then he 's made my choice for me . Where are you hiding ? Come on ... I know you 're watching me . I know you 're listening . Where are you ? I found you . I found your bug . Your stupid little bug . Okay , sweetie , lights out . It 's still early . It 's 9 : 30 , and it 's time for bed . Okay , but first I need you to do something for me . Maia , no stalling . Mommy , please , it won 't take long . All you have to do is shut your eyes . All right . Okay , well , they 're shut . Now what ? Maia ? I 'm here , mommy . You can open your eyes , now . Mommy ? Wake up . It 's okay . I 'm back . Everything 's fine ... But you have to wake up . Mommy , please ... Wake up . Please ... Maia ? Kill Isabelle Traduction par Emiliezim et Cedr _ c Synchro par DaddyK ! FF , correction par Vovo
