 Over the last 60 years 4400 people have been abducted All at once they were returned . With no memory of where they 've been They haven 't aged a day And some have returned with new abilities All are trying to reconnect with a life interrupted We 're not a threat . We 're salvation . The world will have to deal with us . Previously on the 4400 ... Do you know who I am ? As soon as I am free , you and the world will know what I know . My son is in prison . You 're the only one who can get him out . Did you ... kill me ? That 's Jordan Collier ! Tell them I didn 't kill you ! You 're going to get married . I saw it . Did you happen to see who the lucky guy was ? Someone just told me that I met the woman that I 'm supposed to be with , and I can 't ignore it . He broke up with me ! - I 've done bad things . - You are the enemy . Tell me what to do . I 'll do anything . Leave the 4400 center and never come back . They won 't be able to hide for long . Dr. Burkhoff 's not exactly inconspicuous . We are proud to announce the existence of this enhanced soldier program . In time , they 'll become the first non-4400s to develop extrahuman abilities in the defense of the United States . You have a source of promicin for your program . Who is it ? That stuff happens way above my security clearance . The soldiers you 're creating , are you really going to use them to defend the country , or are you just going to send them after the 4400 ? Is there a difference ? Mr. Collier , you 've been doing quite a bit of press since your ... resurrection ? I suppose some people are calling it that . And in every interview , you 've been making the same statement over and over again ... " The war for the future will be fought in the past . " Exactly ... and by " past , " do you mean now ? Today ? It 's our shared burden , yes . And this war , it 's one between 4400s and the non-4400s ? No . This is a war between good and evil , and it has already started . Good people , 4400s and non-4400s ... Come on , Kyle . Dinner 's ready . I 'll be right there . ... made incredible sacrifices , and they know they will be called on to sacrifice even more . They are among the first to know the cost of this struggle , because , for better or worse , all our lives are different now , profoundly different . That 's what wars do . They change us . But the stakes ... the stakes are nothing less than the fate of mankind . But why does there need to be a war at all ? I 've seen the future , and it 's a bleak one . The human race is old , it 's sick , it 's dying . What 's left of civilization is controlled by a brutal and powerful elite who have effectively shut themselves off in the world 's last city while the rest of humanity struggle for survival in the surrounding wasteland . Sounds pretty hopeless . Doesn 't it ? But there is hope , there is always hope , and it rests with us . We can change the future , but we must start now . Today . Everything crucial to the world 's survival , its prosperity ... the resources of this planet , food , water , energy , the genetic materials of life itself ... already , even as I speak , are being gathered up and controlled by a powerful and isolated few . This must stop . We must stop it . ... Our enemies are strong , and they grow stronger daily , and they will go to any lengths to maintain their dominance , to confine us to our current path , a path leading only to disaster , only to the catastrophic future that awaits us . We must band together to fight this ... this evil amongst us , an evil that would destroy us all . We won 't have another chance . Look , I 'm telling you , I don 't know what happened , okay ? One minute , i 'm going over the night bulletins with Havemeyer , the next thing i know , I got drool all over my shirt and Havemeyer 's snoring in my ear . So you 're saying the entire night shift just fell asleep ? Fell asleep , passed out ... I don 't remember . - What the hell is going on ? - Good question . I 've got an entire building full of agents who can 't remember a damn thing . While they were napping , every member of the nova group in NTAC custody walked out the front door . Yeah , walked , ran , flew ... no way of knowing , since they erased the security tapes on the way out . But every 4400 downstairs gets injected with the promicin inhibitor , so none of them could 've used their abilities to escape . They must have had help . Someone on the outside . A 4400 . No , more than one . Someone to knock our people out , another to disable the security system . So are we talking sympathizers or members we 've never caught ? Either way , it looks like someone 's putting the nova group back together . Paul Newbold has the ability to raise or lower body temperature . Tina Richardson . She wipes memories . She can make you forget what you had for breakfast or she can erase your entire life . Then there 's my old friend , Boyd Gelder , who can take over your entire life . The ultimate impersonator . Any one of these people is capable of wreaking serious havoc . They 've done it before . We have to assume someone broke them out so they could do it again . The nova group has a lot of scores to settle ... starting with your nephew . I called Shawn . The 4400 center 's already a fortress , but he 'll make sure to kick it up a level . Dennis Ryland 's got to be high on their hit list . and Alana , and Kyle . Boyd came after my family before . Go . I 'll send some agents over to watch your house . Agent Baldwin , why won 't your son make a statement ? Did someone pay him to shoot Jordan Collier ? Did he always know Collier was alive ? So how long are we going to be stuck in here ? A few days , a couple of months ? Hopefully not too long . We caught Boyd Gelder once . We 'll track him down again . In the meantime , Kyle , you need to stay close to home . Don 't go anywhere unless it 's absolutely necessary . That shouldn 't be too bad . After all , you could still be in prison . I could still be living on the run . Compared to that , staying close to home is kind of nice ... and before you know it , you 'll be heading back to school . She has a point , Kyle . Did you see those registration forms I left for you ? If you like , I could ... you know , I could run them over to the admissions office . I 'm not sure I 'm ready to go back to school . You want to wait a semester , that 's up to you , but I figured , you know , going back to school would help things get back to normal . Dad , have you looked outside ? That 's not going to happen . Kyle , you just ... you just have to be patient . Dad , I know you 're trying to help , but Jordan Collier came back from the dead . No one 's ever going to forget that . And as long as they remember Jordan Collier , they 're going to remember the guy who shot him . I warned Nina Jarvis . I told her that NTAC was totally unprepared for the threat posed by these people . Did she listen ? No ... and here 's the result . NTAC is literally asleep at their desks while the most dangerous 4400s stroll out the door . We 're talking about the nova group . Violent terrorists . This isn 't about the 4400 . Tom , I 'm sure you 'll agree that that distinction 's become meaningless . Every one of the 4400 has developed an ability . That means every 4400 is a potential enemy . My daughter 's in the fifth grade . She isn 't anyone 's enemy . Children grow up , Diana . Dennis , we don 't know what the nova is planning . But they have targeted you before . Now , NTAC is ready to offer you any protection you might need . That 's very generous , Tom , but if my memory serves me , the nova group made two attempts on my life while I was under NTAC protection . Two unsuccessful attempts . Don 't sound so disappointed . Would you come in a moment , please ? This time , I 'm arranging for my own security . Hello . We were just discussing the newest threat posed by the nova group . There is no threat . Not while I 'm around , anyway . Your uncle ... he actually saw them together ? My daughter and Ryland ? At least now we know where she 's been for the last week . Jordan should 've talked to us before he made her leave . It 's like he delivered her right to Ryland . I don 't know about that . If she 's the source of Ryland 's promicin , that means that she was working with him long before she left the center . Maybe one of us can talk to her . Make sure she knows who she 's working with . When my daughter 's made up her mind , there 's no changing it . You know that . I 'm sorry , Richard . All her life , I 've been trying to see something good in Isabelle , some kind of light , something to nurture . Maybe I 've just been wasting my time ... because it 's never been there . Hi . I 'm home . Oh ... I didn 't get a chance to get the store . I thought we could ... order in a pizza . Don 't worry about me . I already ate . I can see that . Why won 't he call me back ? Who ? Ben ? I left him five messages . I just want him to know that I forgive him , you know ? It 's probably my fault . Probably pushed him away . Well ... sitting here blaming yourself is not helping . Do you think he met someone else ? You need to get up . Take a shower , change your clothes , and let 's all go out to dinner . What if he calls ? Answer my cell , okay ? Sure . And if he calls , be nice to him , because when we get back together , I do not want there to be any weirdness between the two of you . Hi , honey . We had a deal . No video games before dinner . Maia ... I needed a break . From what ? Aunt April . I 'm sorry , sweetie . She hasn 't stopped from the second I came home from school . She keeps asking me if they 're going to get back together . You 're going to have to go easy on your aunt April . She 's going through a really rough time . But you and Ben , you 're supposed to be together . Maybe if you told her about what I saw ... Somehow I don 't think that 's going to make her feel better . She 's going to know about you two sooner or later . I mean ... you are going to invite her to your wedding . What do you think ? You look remarkable . I 'm impressed . Jordan . Are we interrupting something ? No , not at all . Is everything okay ? Not really . We just talked to my uncle Tommy . He told us that ... Isabelle and Dennis Ryland are working together . I see . Jordan ... did you hear what I just told you ? Kicking Isabelle out of here may not have been the best decision . While Isabelle was here , she was a threat . Her alliance with Dennis Ryland simply makes it clear where her loyalty lies , and clarity 's a good thing , yes ? But we still have ... preparations to make around this place , just to be safe . Yeah . It 's not only Isabelle and Ryland out there . We also have the nova group to worry about . The nova group is no longer our enemy . Isn 't that right ? We don 't have a problem with you . Not anymore . Shawn , Richard ... have you met Boyd Gelder ? As you can see , he 's quite an impersonator . What 's one of the Nova doing here ? He is a 4400 , Shawn . Where else should he be ? Besides , I went to a great deal of trouble to get him and his friends out of NTAC . Jordan , this is crazy . I put my life on the line trying to protect this place from the Nova group , and now we 're the ones that break them out from NTAC ? What were you thinking ? That we have a war to fight . That Nova is a powerful weapon , which , until now , he 's lacked proper guidance . Jordan , they 're terrorists . They kill people . They did what needed doing . They chose action over accommodation . Not supporting that choice was a failure , Shawn . Oh , so I made a mistake by not backing the Nova group ? I 'm saying you should 've been a leader . These people are willing to sacrifice themselves for the greater good . They 're the kind of soldiers we need in this fight . Jordan , they 're one of the biggest reasons why people are scared of us , so if we invite them in here , then we become part of the Nova group , and everything that you 've been preaching since you 've been back , about cooperation and unity between 4400s and non-4400s , it 's never going to happen . Richard ? We 're running a big risk here , Jordan . We 're playing for big stakes . If NTAC finds out we were involved in the breakout , it 'll be bad . You sure you covered your tracks here ? They 're someplace safe ? Along with the 4400s who helped free them . - They won 't be found . - No , no , no , no . Just because we 're not going to get caught doesn 't make this okay . Richard , no , tell me you 're not buying into this . I 'm just being realistic . The fact is , we 're more vulnerable than ever . Isabelle 's with Ryland now . It 's only a matter of time before those soldiers of his are out there developing abilities . Jordan is right . We 're playing for big stakes now . Another month ? That 's completely unacceptable . The initial volunteers were showing abilities within days . That 's correct , but as you recall , there were problems . Deaths . Since the Piersahl incident , we 've scaled back the pace of the promicin injections . I never authorized that . I guaranteed this country the protection of enhanced troops . I won 't be made a liar by you . Increase the dosage . I 'll have another shipment of promicin sent over from Haspelcorp today . I don 't know why you 're wasting time building an army . You won 't need one . You 're a very powerful young woman , Isabelle , but you 're still one person . Think of it as backup . If that makes you feel more secure ... but by now , Collier knows we 're working together . He won 't wait a month to come after us . If we give those soldiers the maximum dose of promicin , how long before they develop abilities ? Anywhere from two to three days . Make it two . Why wait ? You heard the lady . I 'll be staying on base to monitor your progress . Kyle . There he is . - Yes ! - Ha ! Ha ! Ha ! Oh ... Look at you , man . You look great . I can 't believe you 're standing here . We have to celebrate , or we 've got to do something . Yeah , that sounds good . First I need to ask a favor of you . Name it . It 's good to see you , Kyle . I was hoping we could talk . It 's really you , isn 't it ? You 're alive . It took a while to believe it myself . I 'm sorry ... for what I did to you . There 's nothing to be sorry about . My death had to happen . I 've seen you on tv . You seem so sure that what we all went through means something . I wish I could understand it the way you do . To me , it all seems like a waste . My death was part of a bigger plan . I know you 've suffered for it , and that was unfair , but everything you did , Kyle , including my assassination , was part of that plan . You have no idea how important you are . Tell me we can spend the whole night together . You know , I think that Maia should be there when I tell her . That way , at least she can explain the whole prediction thing . So much for afterglow . Please tell me you weren 't thinking of April the whole time . No . I wasn 't . You 're right . We should tell her . I should do it . She should hear it from me . That 'd be like hiding behind you , and I admit , that sounds good right now , but ... I 'd just only hate myself even more . I just wish I knew what to say . Tell her the truth . You know ? We didn 't plan this . We didn 't even want it ... but it happened . We fell in love . Isn 't it a bit early to be using that word ? What would you call it ? G od . It 's true . Two weeks , and I 'm in love . It 's a good thing . I know it is . I mean , it should be , but ... I 'm in love , and I can 't enjoy it . How pathetic is that ? What 's all this ? I had a lot of time on my hands . I thought someone should benefit from it . Not you . Kyle . I 'm making penne arrabiata . I bet you he hasn 't had it in a while . Where 's Kyle ? He 'll be home any minute . He went out ? After I told him not to ? He drove to Northmount . He wanted to register for some classes . That 's great . How 'd he get past the reporters ? They don 't even know he 's gone . I made a pitcher of ice tea and some sandwiches , and I brought it out to them , and I distracted them while Kyle slipped out the back . We planned the whole thing together . It was fun . I 'm glad someone had a good day . Oh , oh ... I take you didn 't have a good day at work ? No . We talked to the family of every prisoner we lost . No one 's heard or seen anything . I mean , not that they 'd give up their loved ones so easily ... and then there 's always the 4400 who broke them out . Excuse me , honey . We haven 't made much headway on that front either . Kyle 's going to be a happy man . You 'd think we would 've heard something about a 4400 who can override a state-of-the-art security system , or cut off oxygen to a whole building full of people . I had a student at the center . When he first came to school , he had some problems . Teachers and the other children kept having headaches and fainting when he was around . It turns out that it was something about his ability to change the level of oxygen in the blood . Alana , this student , what was his name ? Michael Lawrence ? You think he had something to do with the prison break ? He 's 16 , you guys . His ability matches up to what happened to our agents . And Boyd Gelder isn 't much older . Now , we 've spoken to Michael 's father . He says he hasn 't seen his son in a week . Shawn , is it possible there 's a new Nova cell operating out of the center ? If there were , don 't you think they would 've come after me by now ? They still might . We don 't know what they 're planning . Do you mind if we talk to some of the other students , see what they can tell us about Michael ? Talk to whoever you like . Listen , Shawn ... look , I appreciate this . You know , it really helps to have someone here we can work with . I hope that doesn 't change now that Collier 's back . All right . Michael Lawrence 's ability is unique , useful , and he controls it with a great deal of accuracy . Why wouldn 't I make use of him ? Because he 's a 16-year-old kid you just turned into a felon . Shawn , that boy allowed us to neutralize a building full of NTAC agents without hurting anyone . I think I showed great restraint , given the urgency of our needs . What needs , Jordan ? What is so important that we need to get into bed with the Nova group ? Come on . I ran this place while you were gone . I think I deserve to know what you 're planning . Ryland 's enhanced soldier program . We 're going to destroy it . Destroy how ? With Nova 's help , we 'll attack the army base where the experiment 's conducted , take out the lab , the training facility , and when we find the soldiers getting promicin ... neutralize them . Attack a military installation ? Jordan , are you insane ? That 's how you sound right now . I don 't care what you think you saw while you were gone . This is the real world . Jordan , listen to me . Do you know how many people would die ? On both sides . We have no choice . Once those soldiers develop 4400 abilities ... it 'll be too late . there 's a gas station . It 's on a highway . Next to it there 's a road sign . Can you read the sign ? I 'm trying . Something about a petrified tree stump . It 's the biggest one in the state . Afraid that 's all of it . That 's the thing with this remote viewing ... I never quite see everything . That ought to be enough to find them . The gas ... and a quart of oil comes to ... 53 even . Okay . Hope you 're going to take some time and visit Newfield 's claim to fame . There 's not another stump like it on the whole west coast . We 're just passing through . If I ... if I go back the way I came , will I find the highway ? Oh , she can help you with that . He wants to get right back on the highway . That 's easy ... but first , I think you should visit the newfield stump . They have a really nice gift shop there . The town could sure use your business . Yeah . I just follow the sign ? That 's right , and there 's a nice diner along the way . All the pies are baked fresh . Sounds good . We 'll check that out . Thank you . You won 't be disappointed . Those pies come in on a truck . They need the business . Dr. Burkhoff . Ms. Dorner . I 'm Jordan Collier . I 'm betting this isn 't a coincidence . How 's your research coming ? It keeps my nights interesting . Mr. Collier ... we 've made a nice life for ourselves . This is a good place for us , and we like to think that we make things a little better by being here . Please don 't ruin it . Were it up to me , you 'd live here happily many years , but right now , I need your ability and your intellect . Sweetie . I think it 's grilled cheese wednesday . Where 's your aunt April ? Please don 't be mad . Why would I be mad ? You didn 't . I thought it 'd make her feel better , knowing about my vision , that it 's not her fault that Ben likes you more . And did it make her feel better ? Not really . She 's in your room . April ? In here . You 're out of tissues . There 's more under the bathroom sink . You know ... one of the reasons that I liked Ben in the first place was because I thought , " here 's a guy " my sister would approve of ... finally . Well ... you were right . This was it . My one chance to settle down with the right guy ... except it turns out he 's your right guy . god , April ... this whole thing with ben ... I mean , we ... we never meant for it to happen . I ... I know that doesn 't help much . I know I 'll meet another guy . I always do . Meeting them , sleeping with them , going to the fetish ball with them ... that 's not the problem . Finding one that wants to go to the fetish ball with me year after year ... that 's the problem . Ben was willing to go to the fetish ball with you ? He was considering it . Look , Di ... I wish I could hate you , I really do , but I 'm too busy hating me . I 'm such a loser . No ... no , you 're not . Yes , I am . I 'm going to live alone and I 'm going to die alone , and all I 'm ever going to be to anyone is " aunt April , the loser . " Kyle , you got a second ? Yeah , I 'm e just getting rid of some old stuff . Come on , dad . I was nine when I got that . Yeah , I remember the day . Listen , Kyle ... once you go back to school , I thought I 'd float you some cash . That way , you can get your own place , so can have some privacy , some independence . I saw Jordan collier yesterday . You went to the center ? Why ? I had to see him . We talked . He helped me realize some things . What things ? I 'm not going back to college , for one . Dad , just listen to me . Hear me out . My life , my future , it 's tied up with the 4400 . That night on the beach when shawn was taken , it should 've been me . If he hadn 't have pushed me out of that beam of light , I would 've been one of them . Yeah , but you 're not . Kyle , your life can be whatever you want it to be . You just have to be willing to move forward . Ever since I woke up from that coma , I thought I was moving forward , but Jordan helped me realize all I was doing was running away . He told you that ? He told you not to go to college ? No , dad , he just listened to me . I figured it out on my own . So , what do you do now , Kyle ? You put on a blue blazer , become one of his disciples ? Give tours of the center , answer phones ? Maybe . I 'm going to do what you do , dad . I 'm going to help the 4400 any way I can . I 'm sorry . I agree with Jordan on this one , shawn . How can you say that ? If we attack that army base , it 's like declaring war on the united states government . Maybe so , but it seems to me we have been in an undeclared war with the government ever since we got back . Locking us in quarantine . Shooting us up with the inhibitor . Disappearing any of us they ... they ... they seem threatened by . All Jordan 's doing is bringing the conflict out into the open . Jordan 's going to sacrifice thousands of lives . It 's going to be for nothing . We 're going to lose . If you have another way , something concrete that makes us safer ... I 'm willing to listen . my god . I didn 't think so . Okay , can you give us a hint what this is about ? You said it was urgent . The nova members that escaped ... I know what they 're planning ... and who their leader is . Okay . Shawn ... I 'm going to need a name . Jordan collier . you must think I 'm insane . Only a psychopath would declare war on the U. S. Army . then we 're all in agreement . I assure you , I am not crazy . I 'm not planning attack on any government installation . So you 're saying shawn made all this up ? Why would I do that ? Jordan , just ... tell the truth , okay ? You can 't cover this up . I told you a story , shawn , to see if you would pass it along . It was a test ... and I 'm afraid you failed . I 've been away from this place for a long time . In the days ahead , I will be asking a lot of everyone here . I needed to know who I could trust ... and who I couldn 't . I 'm sorry to embarrass you like this . It was the only way to be sure . And what about the breakout at ntac you had nothing to do with that either ? - I did not . - That is a lie . That 's a lie ! I saw Boyd Gelder standing in this office with my own two eyes . Richard was here with me . He saw him , too . Richard ? I don 't know what you 're talking about , shawn . Richard ... As far as I know , Boyd Gelder has never been here . So you 're saying , in spite of all collier 's denials , this base is still the subject of a possible nova attack ? It 's possible , yes . And you came all this way to warn me ? I 'm touched , Tom . Just doing my job , Dennis . It 's nothing personal . Collier knows you 're here , so this place is no longer secure . Your little experiment needs a new home . I say let them come . If collier wants a fight , we 'll give him one . She 's right , you know . Collier talks a good game ... unity , fighting together to save the future ... people actually believe he means it . It 's pathetic . But an attack will expose the 4400 for what they really are ... the enemy . You see , Tom ? I was right all along . It comes down to survival . Us against them . You sure you want to be at ground zero for this one , Dennis ? Defending the human race ? Where else would I be ? We 're staying right here . How did it feel , turning your back on me ? I was just trying to save lives . Yours included . You know , maybe if you 'd told me everything , treated me with a little respect , we could 've worked things out , but no , you were too busy manipulating me , like always . You know , Jordan , while you were gone ... I ran this place , and I did a pretty good job of it , too . Now you 're back . You and I , it 's like nothing 's changed . You make all the decisions , and I play catch-up . Five steps behind . Used to be 10 . Shawn ... I need you to believe in me . Do you know what I think , Jordan ? I think that this whole messiah thing has gone to your head . I 'm no messiah . More like ... John Brown . John Brown ? The guy that tried to free all the slaves ? He surrounded himself with people who believed as he did , who were willing to do anything for their cause , and that kind of devotion can change the world . They Killed john Brown , Jordan . They killed me , too . Mr. Ryland . I was told we wouldn 't be seeing you for a while . We have a security situation . Ntac intelligence has gotten word that Jordan collier may be planning a move against us . I want to transfer all the promicin out of Haspelcorp for safekeeping . I want every vial packed and ready for shipment as soon as possible . Yes , sir . Give us a hand here . We 've got a lot of crates to move . I wanted them loaded up as soon as possible . we 'll take it from here . The military base was never collier 's target . He wanted to divert us from his real goal . The promicin . You had enough stored here to create a whole army of enhanced soldiers . Before collier 's done , you 'll wish you had that army for protection . I wonder what he 'll do with all of it . Destroy it . He doesn 't want anyone else to develop abilities . He wants to keep us weak , so no one can fight back . Sounding a little paranoid , Dennis . Collier 's a fanatic , Tom . He 's capable of anything . You 'll see . So you 're saying you want to break up ? I don 't want to . then let 's not . Look , I know how bad you feel ... I feel bad , too ... but I also feel really , really good . Isn 't that worth holding on to ? Trying , at least ? I 'm trying , believe me . I ... but it 's like we 're never alone . There 's you , me , and April , and she 's the one crying . Yeah , I think I need to leave . great . Now April and i are both crying . No , look , I didn 't mean for good . You can 't get rid of me that easily ... but I do have a job to do in london . It 's five days . It 'll give us some time to think things over . Five days ? Want to come ? No . Yes . I ... just leave . Please . Hey ... I 'll call you as soon as I get back , okay ? just ... so you know ... even if Maia never made any prediction ... I 'd still think we 're meant for each other . Kyle . Alana . Thomas . I 've been trying to reach you . What is it ? What 's wrong ? Kyle 's leaving . What ? He 's upstairs packing . Kyle , what are you doing ? I 'm glad you 're home I would 've hated to leave without saying goodbye . Where are you going ? Did collier send that limo ? I got a job . I 'm going to travel around the country for a little while , hold these workshops at the 4400 centers , talk about my life , everything that 's happened to me ... spread the word . Kyle , can 't you take a couple of days ? You know , think this obout this . There 's nothing to talk about . I 'm going to miss you , dad , but I 've got to do this . I just got you home . You said I should move forward . That 's what I 'm doing . Be happy for me . I 'm trying , Kyle . I 'm really trying . I got to get going . I really got to get going . Here ... let me help you . Thanks , dad . It 's beautiful . Isn 't it . They 're going to be looking for it . We 've got to get rid of it , soon . I don 't understand . Why take it at all ? Why not just destroy it there ? We 're not going to destroy it . All right , I 'll ask the question . What are we going to do with 17,432 units of promicin We 're going to give it away . To who ? To everyone . Next week , the season of 4400 comes to an end We have to leave now And it 's going out Go ahead . Finish it . With a bang ! The season finale of the 4400 next sunday at 9
