 The 4400 , Season 3 The call came at 4 o ' clock in the morning . Disaster was heading our way . Time to go to work . Our first priority is to secure SeaTac aiport ground all the planes . Someone bring me up to speed , Sid . The comet . It 's not a fly by anymore . It 's heading right at us . It just changed course and accelerated again . A comet can not change course . - This one has . - Then it 's not a comet . - The Vides estimate of velocity is - 3000 Km a second . Agent Tom Baldwind watched the events unfold from his son Kyle 's bedside . Your missing the show . It 's a big comet . Sir . Ryland . Understood . China just launched it 's missels at it . Get ready guys , were going next . There has been a launch . The US military has launched a volley of 24 Titan-2 missiles . Our missiles are in the air . - England has launched 2 . - Branch in Russia . Norad saying the first flight of missiles will intersept in 15 seconds . And the countdown began . From every corner of the earth we launched our weapons . We got it . Wow . Multiple hits , I think they got it . What was that ? Norad is reporting that at least 9 of the Titan-2 missiles has hit there target . It apears the comet has , No effect , the comet is still headed right for us . How hard will it hit . Something that big , that fast . You don 't wanna know . I 'm scared . I 'm gonna go find my parents , ok . Hey dad , if you 're there can you a pick up the phone , it 's Diana . Just tell my brother that I love him . Nancy it 's dad . I just wanted to tell you I love you . It 's entered the atmosphear . It 's slowing down . - What ? - It 's leveling off and continuing to lose speed . It 's as if it 's coming in for a landing . Where is it going . 47 North longitude 122 , maybe 123 West latitude . That 's by mount Rainier . That 's our backyard . Have you seen this . The ball of light is massive 100-200 feet in diameter . Jim ? Jim Natanow ? What 's going on ? Where not sure of what 's just happend . Either the ball of light is gone ... On August 14th 2004 , 4400 people apeared on the shore of lake Rainier . This is there story . The 4400 Special : Unlocking the secrets The 4400 were immedieatly rounded up and placed in quarantine for observation and interegation . What 's you name again Sir ? Julius . Annita . Amanda . I was placed on special assignment to investigate what had happend . Diana Skouris . Tom Baldwin . You two will be one of the teams that 's responsible for investigating what happend to the returnies . Skouris XCDC , right ? Yeah , I heard of you too . But we were unprepared for this challenge . It 's not possible . 4400 people taken at different times and from all over the world . Had been returned with no memory of where they 'ed been or how long they had been gone . So for them no time has passed . Here look , this is an interessting one . They 're dead , aren 't they . This is Maia Rutledge , she was the first one to disappear as far as we can tell . She is 8 years old only she was born in 1938 . M I 'll be okay . Mostly . There 's a tough little kid . In quarantine they tried there best to put the pieces together . Secretary of State is coloured ? Black . I 'll take your word for it . Lord the world sure has changed since 51 . You should try to relax son . You 're not gonna get out of her any quicker by wearing a grove in the floor . You seem kind of " jail house philosopher " . Barracks philosopher actually . - Ahh . - I was a combat pilot in Korea . Nice tattoo , whose Lilly . A girl I used to know . R We treated you as an equal . You had to cross the line . I 'd put in for a transfer of I were you . L Do I look that bad . No It 's It 's just you remind me of someone I used to know . Lily . My friend her name was Lily too Lily Bonham . That 's my grandmothers name . She died befor I was born . You , you have a family . Yeah . Brian and I , and our daughter Heidi . She was 6 months when I ... 4400 lifes were interrupted , but the ones left behind had also suffered . Uncle Tommy . Hey . It 's good to see you . Look what 's going on . Nobody 'll tell us anything . We 'll let you know as soon as we find out , I I still can 't believe it 's you . How do you think I feel . Sean , do you remember anything ? Anything at all about what happend that night ? You need to slow down cus ' . I 'm not driving back in to town for another six-pack . You 're afraid my dad will kick your ass if I come home smelling like beer . Evil cousin Shawn that 's me . Rupture of the Innocent . Aahhh ! Help , HELP Shawn Shawn Help me ! Hey , what about Kyle . I mean he must have seen something , the night I disappeared ... Did he tell you anything ? Kyle is in a coma Shawn . He 's been like that ever since the night you left . Eventually it was time to rejoin the world . Can I help you ? - Heidi ? - Yeah ? Heidi it 's mommy . Who ? Heidi . It 's okay sweethart . I got it . Brian Lily Why didn 't you come pick me up ? Didn 't they contact you ? Yeah . You have to try to understand , though . I didn 't think I was ever going to see you again I 'm married Lily Carol has been a really god mother to Heidi and we have a son now to . I 'm sorry . Lily Trapped in an unfamiliar world . But wanting so desperatley to pick up where they left off . The 4400 struggled to find a place where they belonged . But there real work was just begining . Thank you . I really am glad you 're back . Jeezz . The neck 's broken . Even with so many chapthers from the past missing each of the 4400 set out to create a place for them selves and this time . In some ways it seemed like fate had a hand in all of it . Lily . Richard . A Baby ? Are you sure ? I had the doctor do the test 3 times . There 's no mistake . You are definitley pregnant . The thing is that , Brian was out of town when I disappeared , and I haven 't been with anyone since I 've been back . - I don 't understand , how could you ? - I don 't know . There 's some sort of connection between us . Isn 't there ? - I feel it . - I can feel it too . Zyckelcell Anymia . How can my baby have the trade for Zyckelcell Anymia . Unless the father is black ? Maybe he is . - What are you saying Richard . - Oh . I don 't know . Maybe who ever took us , used me as some kind of a donor . Really wouldn 't be so bad would it ? If you where the father ? No . It wouldn 't be bad at all . It was as though the 4400 were destined to find there way - Will you stay untill they come back ? - Of course . - And then can I go home . - Home ? With you . I don 't like being here alone - You want to come and stay with me ? - You don 't like being alone either . - Please . - Look , Maia . I 'm not even sure , i 'm the kind of person that I wanna live with . - I eat cold pizza for breakfest ... - That sounds alright to me . Diana Skouris , your adoption of Maia Rutledge is hereby complete , legal and binding . You know , some of us have to look far and wide to find the people we 'll call family . You two had to look clear across time . For some time stood still . A transformation was underway , and some of the 4400 felt the change from the inside . I know this is gonna sound strange , but that other place we looked at , the baby didn 't like it - Lily , what is it ? - Oh ... Somehow I know what the baby 's thinking . - Hey , Iris . How did we do today ? - I can 't comeback here . - What ? Why ? - That child ... I 'm sorry . I told her that , we wouldnt be seeing eachother for a couple of weeks . Why did you tell her that ? - Because she 's gonna be called for jury duty . She thought I was kidding a few hours later her husband called . And she got a summons for jury duty ? Well hey , come here . It 's ok , alright . It 's ok . Well , look who floated in on a ball of light . - Let him go . - Shawn ! What did you do to him ? The time had come for the 4400 to learn there purpose . One by one the 4400 learned about there unique abilities . Their powerful gifts . What are you doing here , Shawn ? Kyle ? How long ... .. have I been in the dark ? But people fear what they don 't understand , and no one understood the 4400 's . A public backlash was brewing , and the 4400 became the hunted . It got to warm . Come on , let 's look pretty . That 's better . - Maia . How did you do today ? - Miss . Skouris , can we talk please ? Well , give us a sec. can you ? I know i 'm late again . Please just . I 'm afraid you can 't bring Maia back to school anymore . It 's the bombings , we can 't risk having her here at school . I 'm sorry . I understand . - It 'll be okay . - No it 's not okay . It 's wrong . No , i mean . Someone 's coming who 'll make everything better . We just have to wait a little longer . Jordan Collier was a promenet real estate tycoon and the most well known 4400 . He had the means to provide sanctuary for his fellow returnies . Do I detect a little romance growing among the 4400 's ? - You have a good eye . - Well i 'm just happy you to are getting something positive out of all this . - Thank you . It 'll pass . - Here you go , it 's just morning sickness . - You 're pregnant . Congratulations to both of you . - It 's a little more complicated . I wasn 't pregnant when I was abducted , but I was when I got back . - You haven 't told your counsellor about this , have you ? - We haven 't told anyone . I 'd keep it that way , for now . Kyle ! It 's good to see you man ! Hey , what are you doing sitting out here in the rain ? What are you starring at ? They won 't leave me alone . - They 're asking me questions , starring at me all the time . - I 'm just glad to have you back . - My mom did the exact same thing to me . - I 'm going inside . - I 've got reading to do . - You 've got reading to do ? Uneasy about my discovery I confided in Marco Pacella my friend and colleague at NTAC . Respecting Maia 's privacy is no small thing , but ... you gotta weigh that against the information that could be in that diary . If Maia 's having visions you should know about it . Miss . Usher nextdoor is getting a kitten . Hopes she lets me play with it . There is going to be a book about how we all came back . Me and Diana get to be a real family . A computer for christmas ... Five times in the ... Mommy 's bosses will be punished for betraying us . I need to clear my head and get away for a while . I guess what I 'm asking is , if I could stay here for a while ? Shawn , you are one of the 4400 as far as I 'm concerned you can stay here as long as you want . Thank you . Tell me a little more about this ability of yours ? - What are you doing ? - I 'm not Kyle Baldwin . - You good to go ? - Just give me a sec . - Are you leaving now ? - Yeah , but don 't worry sweetheart ... Cause I 'll be back before you wake up , alright . Bye . - Diana . - Don 't worry . Your son , Kyle ... He 's the answer . - The answer to what ? - Everything . - How far away is the safe house ? - About 30 miles . - No . Highland Beach . - Kyle ! No , let go , Kyle ! - We have to go there , Now ! . - What 's at Highland Beach ? - That 's were Shawn disappeared . - We have to go back there . If that 's what you want , we 'll take you . What are you looking for ? Maybe we can help you , Kyle . - Kyle . Kyle ! - Tom , don 't . - You 're not my son are you ? - No . Kyle was meant to be a channel , a way to communicate . - Communicate with who ? - With you . The guy doing the dealings with the returnies . But something went wrong , Shawn interrupted the process . - Who are you ? What are you ? - I 'm human . - I come form a different time , you 're future . - Is that where you took them ? - We needed them . - For what ? To survive . In my time humanity is dying . Only thoose we took can prevent the catastrophe from happening . That 's why they 've been altered and seeded back in to the time line . They have already begun there work . And you have begun yours . Dad ? What are you doing here ? - Where is shawn ? - Kyle ? Dad , what 's going on ? - The baby ... - It 's time ? I 'll get the car . A new life was ready to enter this world . Something extraordinary was coming in to it 's own . When the news about the 4400 and their mission became public ... Jordan Collier seized the oppertunity at hand . He established the 4400 center . A place where the returnies could share their gifts . Hello , Peter . I 'm Shawn . What do you , say we get started ? Try and relax . It 's ok . - Is he really cured ? - Take him back to his doctor , and run some tests . Peters leukemia is gone . - That book is blasfemi . - It 's just a book . It 's the doorway to hell . - That child your 's ? - It 's my daughter . Abomination begets abomination . You saw what happend , that was Isabelle . We both know it , there 's no reason pretending otherwise . Whatever Isabelle does , she does it out of love for us . - She 's our daughter Richard ! - I know she is , I love her right back . But she 's something else too , and I wish to god i knew what that was . What is it ? What 's wrong ? I 'm fine . Isabelle 's astonishing power was not lost on Jordan Collier either . He knew she was the keeper of great wisdom . Who 's a special girl ? - Look at him with Isabelle . - If this keeps up were gonna have to start calling him uncle Jordan . - He 's really taken to her . - Welcome to the revolution little lady . Still there was so much left unexplained . I don 't know how i got to that store . And I sure as hell remember breaking any windows ... Not remembering is no excuse . And stop telling me that someone spiked you drink . - The police ran tests , there was no GHB in your system . - What else could it be ? You spent 3 years in a coma , you have no buisness drinking anything ! - Ok , so i screwed up , i 'm sorry , what more do you want ? - How about acknowleding that this was serious . - Can i go to bed ? - No . You wanna make up for lost time Kyle , I get it . - But we need to talk about some ground rules for you . - I 'm not a kid . I don 't need ground rules . Just go upstairs , Kyle . I 'm blacking out . Losing chunks of time . It 's like they did something to my wirering . - Kyle , who are you talking about ? - Same ones who took Shawn and put me in a coma . - They left me messed up inside . - Hey , man you 're scaring me . How do you think I feel ? Tom struggles with Kyle and the job are taking there toll . He had almost given up , when he met Alana Mareva . A 4400 with the power to create a dream world , where there most wonderful fantasies could come true . They gave you this relationship as a source of strength . To sustain you in the trials that lay ahead . Tom and Alana had fallen in love . And their relationship would carry over in to his reality . So let me see if I got this , straight . You to met , fell in love and spent 8 years together in some kind of alternate reality ? And now your here with 8 years of love and marriage under your belts , and what to us was no time at all . That about sums it up . I 'll play along . He 's gonna die . I saw it . He 's gonna die . That man we watched on TV once . Him . - Jordan Collier ? - Someone 's gonna kill him . - Fascinating . What an extraordinary gift . - You are clear on what we are telling you ? Your daughter , has quite a track record when it comes to seeing the future her latest vision envolves my death . Did I leave anything out ? No , that about covers iti . Collier has his name on the side of a skyscraber by the times he was 30 . You pursue , power that ruthlessly you pick up some enemies along the way . Well maybe it is coming from someone Collier 's never met . And if you hate the 4400 , killing their figure head is a good way to make them suffer . But what are we supposed to do ? The potential victim has refused our help . Jordan turned to Isabelle for a clue about his fate . If you know anything , now would be a good time to tell uncle Jordan . The glimts of a bright future ahead , he carried on with his plans to reunite the 4400 . The reunion goes foward . - All the guest check out so far . - Yeah , we secured the sorrounding with a top to bottom sweep . - So now it 's a " cross you fingers time " . I 'd like you to please welcome my mentor . My friend , Jordan Collier . Thank you . And thank you , Shawn for that introduction . - He 's up there ! - GO . Everybody stay down ! - She told me to go through with it - Who did ? She lied to me . No ... Don 't go anywhere , Don 't ... He had a vision to save the future and he gave us that vision and now he won 't be here to see us achieve it . but we will achieve it . Thank you for coming . Nice words , Shawn . I think Collier would have approved . Maybe your side and my side can work together now that i 'm assuming new duty 's around here . Becoming quite the little politician Shawn . I know Collier would have been proud of you . He 's gone . His body . It 's not there ! Someone stole the body . I remember all of it , but it just feels like sombody elses memories . You weren 't in control of your actions , Kyle . - You did not kill Jordian Collier . - How long do you think I 'll be put away for ? I can 't live like this anymore . I go through every day trying to pretend it 's all normal , but it 's just a cover up . - I can 't let you do it , Kyle . - It 's over dad , no more lies I can 't do it anymore , I just can 't do it . Ok ? You can 't stop me . The future had layed a heavy burden on thoose it touched . There was nothing to do but carry it . - Hello , Mr. Ross . Did you have a good flight ? - Yes , thanks . This is supposed to be coming from me ? I don 't even understand half of what it says , it doesn 't sound like me Lucy . So change it . Your the boss . Why don 't you dictate something to me ? No press statement . If the press wants to know what Mr. Farrell is thinking They can watch 60 minuttes , along with rest of America . I 've already booked an exclusive interview with our new face of the 4400 . That 's all for now . Thanks . I 'm sorry to just jump in like that , thought you could use a hand . - Matthew Ross . - Yes . - What are you doing in Seattle ? - Jordan made it clear that in the event of his death , I was to step up front and center to help you out . The ground just shifted under your feet . You have to find your balance , or you 'll fall on your ass . Sweetie , Misses . Bankies are going to be here any minute , it 's time to get up . - I don 't feel good . - You 've got a rea fever young lady . How long have you had that ? Shawn , we need you to rearrange your heeling schedule , there 's something going on . There is some sort of illness spreading amongst the 4400 . I know all about it . All over the world the 4400 were contracting this strange illness . In an effort to prevent infection among the general population NTAC rounded up the 4400 , and put them back in quarentine . Quarentine ... That 's an avocative word theese days . Congers up images of secret prisons and what 's the eufomissim you are using now . " Coversion tactics " . Let me ask you something ? You have some doctors and staff here , right ? - They having any luck getting to the bottom of this thing ? - Not yet . Get off your soap box . You want an image to hold on to , try this one . 4400 's dying in droves . I think what my partner means to say is that our two orginisations need each other , we should cooperate . - Diana , you wanted to se me ? - Kevin Burkhoff . - I 've been doing neurologi research on the 4400 . - Oh . I 've heard of you . Everybody here has . There 's some very interresting data on the bloodwork I 've been doing , have a look . See if it helps you figure out what is going on with this dissease . - Well , thank you . - And I can expect to see your work , when ? The research we do here is classified . Max , if ever there was a time to bend the rules a little , I think it might be now . Well it 's not a " wig and a nudge " situation , Diana . I give over classified documents , I go to jail . - Yeah , and if you don 't people might die . - Are you implying we 're not doing everything we can ? We 've got a dusin of doctors , working around the clock to try to solve this . They 're medical records Marco , not national secrets . Wrong . They 're medical records and national secrets . That is why they keep them in a database you need six passwords to get into . You know it 's wierd . Hundreds of people are sick , you 'd think they 'd need any help they could get . - And they 're gonna get his help . - Whether they want it or not . This thing that 's killing them , it 's not a dissease . It 's a side effect . Doctor Burkhoff , just calm down . What are you talking about ? - The side effect of what ? - I don 't know it exactly . But I do know this There 's a synthetic substance presence in the blood of every 4400 . All the ones they tested . Every medical report you gave me . Sick ones , well ones It doesn 't matter , they all had it . They gave it a name , they called it Promicin inhibitor . Everyone was getting it , every time they came to NTAC medical , every checkup . We did it to them , Tom . We made them sick . - What the hell are you doing ? - We 've got some things we need to talk about Max . I was ordered to work on a drug to supress the production of promicin in the 4400 . Promicin is basically a backstage pass to the V.I.P. section of the brain . I ran some tests on the 4400 's who was still in quarintine . Every single one of them was producing trace amounts of promicin . So it 's just a matter of time before every 4400 , develops telekenisis ? Promicin 's behaviour is unpredictable . They might not get telekinesis , but they 'll get something . Once I synthesized the inhibitor . We gave it to every 4400 every , time they came for a checkup . But it doesn 't even work . 4400 's are developing abillities all the time . A small procentage of them are , but if it wasen 't for the inhibitor , they 'd all have them . A vaccine was created by extracting promicin from the one 4400 , who hadden been given the inhibitor . Hey sweety . It 's me , Tom . - Who are you ? - Time was running out for the sick ones in quarintine . Seven had already died , and the others were fading fast . She was awak earlier . Only for a few minutes . - Did she say anything ? - She talked about you . She said she 's gonna make everything okay . I hope she 's right . We can flush it out of there systems . Remove the inhibitor , the immune system functions . - It will happen virtualy instantly . - So the substance ... - Promicin . - It 's what makes you people unique . - How did you get it out of my daughter ? She has trace amounts of it in her blood stream . Before the inhibitor , you all did . That 's how they found it in the first place . But she 's an infint . I could only draw enough blood to make one shot . You can get that into quarintine , one shot may be all you need . Got some medicin for you . One by one , the 4400 were healed . With the inhibitor removed , there potential was infinite . Thoose who had stood in ther way , would face the consequences . Trusted allies were exposed . It was a time of renewal and discovery . Untapped abillities surfaced . Isabelle ! A revelation round every corner . Hello , Shawn . I 'm Isabelle . Looks like mommy 's gonna get a hole bunch of new bosses . Well I hope they go away for a very long time . I 'll be at the front row at the hearings . I 'm gonna be sitting next to you , untill the whole thing is over . Nothing 's over . - It 's just starting . - Sweety what are you talking about ? What 's starting ? The war . The 4400 are getting stronger . It 's going to come down to us against them . We are in amour .
