 The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 ... I 'm putting together profiles of the people ... who 've taken the shot . Pretty soon , Kevin thinks he 'll be able to predict who will survive the shot and who won 't . Are you really asking me to tell people not to take promicin ? Only for a few months . I am not making any announcement . Who are you ? I 'm Lindsey . This is Maia Rutledge . She was the first one to disappear as far as we can tell . They 're dead , aren 't they ? There 's a faction of elites who want the future to stay exactly as it is . I call them " The Marked " . What about Imroth ? The CEO of Ubient software 's supposed to be some kind of double agent from the future ? Tell the others I went to see the NTAC agents . Baldwin thinks it 's some kind of ploy . When we need him , he 'll be there for us . You 're becoming your new self . Do what Tom Baldwin would do . Find Isabelle Tyler . You ... have to take your abilities back . Then you 're going to bring Jordan Collier to me . Tom , what 's going on ? I felt restless . I kept tossing and turning , I didn 't want to wake you . So you were just ... - sitting here ? - No . I was watching you sleep . It 's kind of relaxing . Well , I 'm awake now . So ... why don 't you come back to bed ? There . Isn 't this more relaxing ? Andaluca 's ? Isn 't that a little bit fancy ? So ? I 'm not a little kid anymore . I just miss the days when the only place you 'd eat was ... Charlie 's pizza palace . Mom , that was , like ... a long time ago . Oh , yeah , at least a year . Besides , it 'd be fun eating spanish food with Ben again . I hope you 're not getting your hopes up for nothing . I know that Ben said that he might make it , but ... London is a long way off . I promise I won 't be disappointed . On my birthday , it 's just been ... I don 't know , just you and me , and with Ben , it would feel more like family . Excuse me ! Are you okay ? - Yeah . - What 's that ? Is this real money ? Certainly looks like it . " These little green scraps of paper you 're fighting over are worthless " . " Welcome to the new world " . " The new world " . That 's right out of Jordan Collier 's playbook . It sounds like it , but can we be really sure that these ATM malfunctions are being caused by some 4400 ability ? Because it could be the work of some sophisticated computer hacker who 's just ... looking to create some havoc . Actually , I have to go with a p-positive here , Diana . So far , 58 ATMs from four separate banking institutions have been affected . That means four separate computer mainframes have been compromised . Thousands of dollars are being randomly dispensed . Every time they shut down an ATM , another one goes haywire . I 'd like to meet the computer hacker that can pull that off , you know , without an ability . Pretty aggressive move , though , I mean , even for Collier . If you want to create a new world , first , you have to destroy the old one , and disrupting the economy 's a pretty good way to start . I wouldn 't mind driving . - Does that work for you ? - Be my guest . I 'm gonna need an hour or two before we go see Collier . - Is there something wrong ? - Hopefully not . I 've got an appointment for a cat-scan . It 's just a precaution . Ever since the mole came back , I 've been a little on edge . - You don 't feel any different , do you ? - You mean , am I one of the marked ? Some kind of zombie controlled by a future human ? Not ... not yet , anyway . I 'll call you when I 'm done with the hospital . Are you sure you won 't reconsider , Mr. Chatha ? Taking the shot would be ... hugely beneficial , not only to you , but to the millions of your readers who would follow your example . Yes , but you have to understand that ... there is no guarantee that this alleged compatibility test of Shawn Farrell 's will ever be perfected . Yes , well , if you change your mind , the door 's always open . We have your cousin to thank for that . Maneck Chatha 's name is on the list in the white light book . We already know he can survive the shot . It 's his followers he 's worried about . Why risk their lives when Shawn 's announced it 's only a matter of time before the test is available ? Too bad you lost Chatha . It wouldn 't have happened if you 'd done what I told you to . Yeah , I know . Stop Shawn , right ? What does that mean exactly ? I was hoping you 'd figure that out for yourself . Shawn 's not developing this test by himself . What you need to do is get rid of Kevin Burkhoff . Get rid of him ? What am I supposed to do exactly , kill the guy ? I expect you to do whatever it takes to fulfill the prophecy and help Jordan Collier bring heaven to earth . Good morning , Isabelle . I hope you 're feeling at home . You know , I have to say ... of all of our real estate holdings , this place is my favorite . I thought you 'd like to know , tomorrow , your father 's being moved from Seattle to an NTAC holding facility in Virginia . Which means you need to agree to take your abilities back before Richard steps on that plane , because if you don 't , he 's not getting off it . You already caused your mother 's death . Do you want to be responsible for your father 's , too ? Even if I agreed to take the shot , what 's the point ? The government doctors already told me that promicin will kill me . We can change that , Isabelle . I guarantee you 'll live to fulfill your original mission ... To destroy the 4400 , and anyone else with trace of promicin in their system . And you will start by bringing us Jordan Collier . You know , Kyle used to talk about you all the time . He said you were a decent man , but then you 're not Tom Baldwin , are you ? Tom Baldwin was a confused and unhappy man . I 've given him the clarity of purpose he desperately needed , and I want to give that to you , Isabelle . After all , I created you ... Placed you in your mother 's womb to make sure you were sent back in that ball of light , so you could protect the world from the 4400 . Promicin is evil . People who use it are evil . Their goal isn 't to change the world , it is to end it . You can stop them . You have to stop them . It 's what you 're meant to do . How can you say no to your destiny ? Season 4 - Episode 11 Ghost In The Machine [ Synchro ] Benj ! [ Synchro ] aSpro5oo Manual labor in Promise City ? Isn 't that a bit old school ? Nothing wrong with old school , when it comes to a little ... sweat and muscle . Having an ability can lead to complacency , and complacency ... is the measure of a dying society . Welcome to the new world . You 're here about the attacks on the banking system . - You know about that ? - I try to stay current , but I can assure you that despite the attacker 's ... utopian signature , nobody here had anything to do with it . Can you really be sure of that ? You must have , like , 500 people living here by now . Nobody here would do something like that without Jordan 's consent . Which I didn 't give . Well , just proove it to us . Let us talk to your people , and if ... nobody did it , maybe they can help us find out - who the hell is responsible . - I 'm afraid I can 't do that . You mean you won 't . I mean ... Whoever 's doing this has my best wishes . The system you live in is obsolete . Any society that worships at the altar of wealth is doomed , so why not flood the streets with money ... All those little pieces of paper are as worthless as confetti . Christ , Tom , no ! Dad , don 't . Please don 't ... Please don 't , dad . Because the future I believe in , is one that exists without the need for money . It 's a world where miracles are common currency . Now , excuse me , I have some work to do . It 's not just ATMs anymore . We 're looking at computer system failures all over the country . Make that the world . Federal agencies , financial institutions , private businesses ... Even your friendly neighborhood laptops are all crashing , victims of the same corrosive virus that infected the ATMs . And these attacks are anything but random . Every malfunctioning computer , including the original ATMs has one thing in common . They all run Ubient 's Enzyme operating system . Ubient ? That 's Drew Imroth 's company . So , I guess the question we have to ask is this ... Are these attacks against ... Drew Imroth , the multi-billionaire corporate giant ? Or Drew Imroth ... the alleged member of the global conspiracy known as The Marked ? The operative word is " alleged " . We don 't even have any hard evidence that The Marked exist . Tom and I are pretty certain . Yeah , that 's right . But even so , Ubient is one of the biggest corporations in the world . If it goes under , we 're all in trouble . I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to interrupt . No ... Everybody , this is Abigail Hunnicutt . She 's new . We were lucky to grab her . Abigail 's been teaching a course in combinatorics and probability at M.I.T. since she was 22 . I also worked my way through graduate school in the men 's department at Sak 's . So ... Who knows ? Maybe I can ... teach these guys how to dress like grown-ups . I thought everyone should see this . It 's some kind of manifesto . Every computer infected with the virus is printing it out . It 's calling for the destruction of all Ubient software . Which is why , marked or not , we need to speak with Drew Imroth . Hello ? Hey , Maia . It 's me Lindsey . - Happy birthday . - Hi . I can 't believe you remembered . You know , it 's not for another two days . Whatever . I have got the coolest gift for you . - You want to come over ? - It 's not that kind of present . You have to come to Promise City and see it for yourself . My mom really wants me to stay away from there . She doesn 't have to know . You are so going to thank me for this . I guess I can come by tomorrow after school . Great . Meet me at the southwest corner of Beacon and 64th street at 3 : 30 . I 've got some friends here who will help us sneak past the government blockade . Okay , bye . Yes , Mr. Secretary , I understand how sensitive your department records are . I promise that once we get the problem resolved , Ubient will do everything possible to retrieve your lost data . Believe me , sir , I feel your pain . I 'm a stockholder , too . I warned you that something like this was going to happen . Jordan Collier and his followers are bent on global revolution , and this assault on my company is the opening salvo . We just came from Promise City . Collier 's denying any involvement . I don 't believe that , and I certainly hope you two don 't either ! Whether it 's Collier 's people or some rogue p-positive , it doesn 't really matter , we 'll find him . When will that be ? Will I still have a company left by then ? We 're doing our best . All of this could have been avoided if you people had done your jobs in the first place . But , no , you were too busy chasing after imaginary conspiracies . How about it , agent Baldwin ? Would you like to check my mole again ? That won 't be necessary . Glad to see you finally have your priorities straight . I just hope it 's not too late to save my company . With all your success over the years , you must 've made your share of enemies . Thousands of them . In fact , I keep a list ... of everyone who 's ever sent me a threatening letter or email . Organized by level of vehemence . It 's a hobby . Is Steve Jobs on page one ? You might want to give him a promicin test . Dr. Burkhoff , you ready for a break ? Not now . I lost quite a bit of data when this computer crashed . Right , that 's that Ubient virus . The net 's down in the entire building . Is that supposed to make me feel better ? I have to reconstruct a 74-page document from memory , and I 'm on , like , what ... Page 12 ? I appreciate your dedication , but I kinda promised Tess I 'd get you out of the lab once in a while . - You spoke to Tess ? - Yeah , just now . Sounds like she 's having a great time with her niece . Grand-niece , actually . Tess was born in 1937 . Right , sorry . I forgot . You need a break . I got a surprise for you . Come on , it 's a massage . - She 's waiting upstairs . - No , thank you . I don 't like strangers touching me . The human hand can be so ... clammy . Okay , but I already paid for the hour . Well , be my guest . Enjoy yourself . I 'll just be down here , working to save thousands of lives and change the world for the better . Thank you . You know ... Imroth was not joking when he said he had a lot of enemies . This is going to take all night to get through this . - I think I 'm gonna take my half home . - That 's a good idea . You really surprised me today at Imroth 's office . The way you reacted when he got in your face . The guy was having a rough day . I was trying to be diplomatic . I mean , considering what we suspect him of . Because he brought up the Marked , and you didn 't even ... well , pursue it . Neither did you . It 's not like he was going to admit to anything . I promise , the next time he gives us some attitude , you 'll see some fireworks , okay ? Good night . Did you ... get the results of the cat-scan ? Oh , yeah . Yeah , I 'm fine . Thanks for asking . - Good night . - Good night . - Hello ? - Hello . Hi , Kevin . I 'm back . Out here . See me ? Come find me . I thought you weren 't coming back for a few days . Kevin , I 'm over here . Where are you ? You found me . I brought your breakfast . Come on . Orders are you 're supposed to eat . Let her go ! We 're not supposed to hurt her . Morning , Diana . Read any good death threats lately ? Too many . So , what do we got , like , 8.000 suspects ? Good luck tracking them all down . So how was your night ? It was kind of strange . I was on my way home when I got a phone call from Drew Imroth . Yeah , I know , it threw me , too . Anyway , he told me he had to see me right away , alone at Madison park . It all felt a little ... cloak and dagger , but what was I gonna do ? - I guess you had to go . - Exactly . Turns out , he wants me to pass the case off to another agent . He 's worried that I 'm still obsessed about proving he 's one of the Marked . What did you tell him ? The truth . That he had nothing to worry about . That I 'd do my job to the best of my abilities . Then I asked him to name every member of the marked , which led to some of the fireworks you were hoping for . I better take this . I 'll see you in there . Baldwin ... When ? Is Isabelle all right ? Fine . I 'll have to make an excuse here . I 'll be right over . What happened ? Where 's kevin ? I don 't know . The cleaning staff came in this morning . This is how they found the place . All his work is missing , too . This was Jordan . It had to be . He knows about the compatibility test . It 's so strange . All those people willing to risk their lives to get an ability . Thinking it 'll make them feel less alone , more powerful . I never felt more alone and less powerful than when I had limitless abilities . It overwhelmed my entire life . Became my identity , cut me off from everyone ... My parents ... Shawn ... It 's only when I lost everything that I found myself , and now you want me to go back there , - become that person again . - That person is who you are . It won 't be that bad , Isabelle . These past few months , you got a little vacation , you spent a little time out in the world , but now it 's time to go back to work . It was nice to be normal ... At least for a little while . Okay , so this is a modification of a document authorization program Abigail designed while she was at M.I.T. We used it to cross-reference the language in the anti-Ubient manifesto with the hate mail directed at Drew Imroth . We were looking for idiosyncratic phrases and word choices with a high degree of similarity in both documents . Now , you can see whoever wrote the manifesto likes to use semi-colons by the handful . He 's also fond of " who " or " which " instead of " that " , and he refers to Imroth as " Mr. Puppetmaster " , a phrase he repeats a total of 6 times . And ... what do we find in the hate mail department ? This document . Semi-colons . " Who " and " which " used again instead of " that " , and finally , our old friend , " Mr. Puppetmaster " . So the two authors are one and the same . Do you have a name for us ? This e-mail is signed " Swindled " . Imroth put his people on it . They traced it to a Warren Trask . Turns out , back in the early ' 80s , Trask designed a primitive version of the Enzyme operating system . When Imroth came out with a very similar program , - Trask sued . - Let me guess . He lost . No , no , it never went to court . Imroth offered Trask an out-of-court settlement . Trask wound up with $ 100,000 . Meanwhile , Enzyme has made Imroth billions . - So the guy 's pissed . - Wouldn 't you be ? You can ask him yourself . He lives right here in seattle . Well , nice work , Marco . Actually , it was all Abigail . She buy you that suit , too ? Stop looking so freaked out . We 're almost there . I told you I can 't stay long . - If my mom finds out ... - She won 't . I promised you a birthday surprise , right ? Well , here it is . Mom ? Dad ? Maia , is it really you ? Vic , can you believe how big she 's gotten ? She 's still my little girl . I only wish I could give you a great , big birthday hug . Me too . But you can 't . You 're just somebody 's 4400 ability . Whatever we are , we 're your parents , and we love you so much . Excuse me . I 'm agent Baldwin , this is agent Skouris . We 're with NTAC . We 're here to see Warren Trask . I 'm his daughter , Eileen . - What 's this all about ? - We 'd like to ask your father some questions about Drew Imroth . Well , you can ask him anything you want . Just don 't expect any answers . My dad had a stroke three months ago . He hasn 't moved a muscle nor said a word since . My father was a brilliant man , but he was naive and trusting , and Drew Imroth took advantage of that to cheat my father out of his life 's work . His career , his marriage , his ... health . My father lost it all . So when did he take the promicin shot ? About six months ago . As far as I know , it didn 't do anything , no ability , nothing , and then he had the aneurysm . Do you really still believe he 's behind what 's happening to Ubient ? All these machines he 's hooked up to , they 're run by computer , so he 's connected to networks for emergency response monitoring . If his mind is still functioning and he 's got an ability , then , yeah ... he could be the ghost in the machine . Well , that would be ... wonderful . Daddy , if that 's true , I am so happy for you . Don 't stop until you ruin Imroth like he ruined you . That 's enough of that . - You 're hurting me . - Tom , let her go . She 's an accessory to a half-dozen felonies . If there is anything you are holding back , you 'd better tell us now . I don 't know anything , but if my father is bringing down Drew Imroth , I 'd consider that justice . Am I mistaken , or am I looking at a xerces blue butterfly ? I believe that 's what it 's called . The xerces blue has been extinct since 1941 . Not here . Not anymore . We have a resident who can modify DNA to recreate extinct species . Only insects so far , but he hopes to work his way up to mammals . I don 't know about you , but I 'd love to see a woolly mammoth in the flesh . I 'm impressed ... And I 'm not easily impressed . A man of your intelect could do just about anything here in promise city . Which might be a more persuasive argument if I weren 't a kidnap victim being held against my will . It was my idea to bring you here . Jordan knew nothing about it . Is that supposed to make everything all right ? Kyle 's method might have been extreme , but I can 't fault his motive , you belong here ... in Promise City , with us , Kevin . You are the father of the promicin movement . Without your discoveries , Promise City wouldn 't even exist . I made a scientific breakthrough ... But I didn 't start a religious cult . Kevin , like it or not , you 're revered by everyone here . However , I cannot allow your research to continue . A promicin compatibility test would be death to this movement . All I 'm trying to do is save lives , Jordan . So are we . We 're just thinking a little more long-term . So ... Until you share our vision , I 'm afraid I 'll have to insist you remain our guest . Tomorrow at 8 : 00 A.M. ? I was kind of hoping for something sooner . No , no , we can 't prove conclusively that Trask 's our man , but we know he took the promicin shot . Okay , if that 's the best you can do . Okay , thanks . We can 't get a court order to move Trask to NTAC medical till morning . But Ubient is hemmoraging millions of dollars an hour . The stock market is down over 500 points , I don 't know about you , but my pension plan is pretty much history . We 've done all we can to isolate him . We 've cut off the phone services and internet to his home . We don 't even know if he needs a phone line to access the net . We need to get Trask on the inhibitor , - and we need to do it now . - It 's not an option . His doctors have ruled it out . Given the state of his health , it 's way too risky . Well , maybe it 's worth the risk . Just keeping Trask under wraps at NTAC is no guarantee that the attacks against Ubient will stop . What are you suggesting , Tom , we kill him ? Of course not ! It 's just ... Look , it 's just frustrating , for all of us . Anyhow , I guess there 's nothing we can do till morning . Hey , birthday girl , I 'm home ! Why aren 't you dressed yet ? The dinner reservation 's for 7 : 00 . I 'll be ready in time . Then we come home and open the presents , all right ? That 'll be good . What 's wrong ? Did something happen today ? I told you not to get your hopes up about Ben . I told you , I 'm past all that . That 's good , because I don 't know about you , but I 'm ready for some birthday cake . So lets get going , okay ? - Yeah ? - It 's me . Tell me you 've got good news . Because at this rate , Ubient software will cease to exist in three days , which means we lose all our financial backing , not to mention our spyware program . I get it . Don 't worry . I 'm taking care of it . I hope so . Oh , my god , daddy ? Daddy ? Come on ! Come on . Half a dozen residents claimed they heard the crash . - But nobody saw anything ? - Apparently not . Morning . Court order come through yet ? Uh , yes , it did . Not that it matters anymore . - Why not ? What 's going on ? - Last night , someone stole a car and plowed it into a telephone pole a few blocks from Warren Trask 's house . Blacked out the entire neighborhood . Life support system shut down . It ran on battery power for a while , but we had his daughter 's cell phone jammed . By the time she got to a phone that worked ... Trask 's dead ? Try not to sound so broken up about it . I 'm just surprised , that 's all . What about the attacks on Ubient ? As of this morning , Ubient software is running virus-free . Seems Imroth 's company is going to survive , and so 's the economy . Stock market 's already up 200 points . Weird way for things to work out , but I guess we 'll take it . Yeah , we all got lucky , except for Warren Trask . What happened to your head ? Oh , I banged it on the medicine cabinet in the middle of the night . Next time I 'll turn on the light . Good idea . You have five minutes , Shawn . Tell me what you want . I want you to release Kevin Burkhoff . Don 't tell me he 's not here . Dr. Burkhoff is here . He 's my guest , and he 'll remain that way for the time being . Tell me , Jordan , since when did kidnapping become part of this new religion of yours ? That seems like a pretty twisted way to bring the world closer to god . You want to get back in my good graces ? It 's simple . Hold another press conference , announce you 've had a change of heart , and that you now support the taking of promicin . You know I can 't do that . Then Kevin Burkhoff remains my guest , and you ... You 're no longer welcome in Promise City . Goodbye , shawn . How is my girl feeling ? Like I 'm going to die . Ah , it 's just your body ridding itself of the anti-promicin allergens . It 's all part of the process . Look this way . There you go . Now ... It 's time for the next step . Don 't . It 's okay , Isabelle . In a few seconds , you are going to feel a lot better . You see ? That wasn 't so bad . Oh , and ... Isabelle , I know what you 're thinking . Once your abilities return , you 're gonna use them against me . It worked once before when you murdered Matthew Ross , but I wouldn 't try it again . This time , we 're not taking any chances . We placed a deterrent inside you while you were in prison . Call it a ... kill switch . If you move against me , or disobey me in any way , it will be activated , and you will die . Now , you just ... rest for another hour or so , and when you get up , you 'll be the most powerful person on the planet ... Again . So , what do we have ? The lab ran the test you asked for . The glass sample they pulled was pretty degraded . It 's going to take a couple of days to get conclusive results , but we do have the preliminary results . I 'm sorry , Diana , but there 's about an 80 % chance the blood belongs to Tom Baldwin . These last few weeks , I could tell there was something wrong . It 's like he was the same guy , but different , you know ? And I kept telling myself , " it 's okay , it 's still Tom " . Well , I didn 't want to believe it either . He 's been my partner and my friend for years . Talk about sleeping with the enemy . I don 't know if he told you , but ... Tom and I ... No , he didn 't , but the possibility had crossed my mind . Okay , so we 're past that . The question is , what do we do now , Diana ? Well , we have to find a way to get the real Tom Baldwin back , and we can 't let him suspect that we know anything . We just to have to force ourselves to act like nothing 's changed . That 's not going to be a problem in the office , but outside , I mean ... It 's not going to be easy . The physical intimacy thing , I 'm ... I 'm not sure I can handle it . So you two got it all figured out ? Whatever it is you 're talking about . Tom , what are you doing in the office so late ? Just catching up on some loose ends . - What about you guys ? - Just ... just the same . You know , I was thinking about catching a bite . Who 's with me ? I can 't . I 'm supposed to be at my dad 's . Oh , I got to get home . Well , I 'm just going to finish up here . - You two have a good night . - Yeah , you too . Good night . I have to say , you did wonderful work . With Trask out of the way , the company has finally rebounded . The next two fiscal quarters will be shaky at best , but thanks to you , Ubient lives . You 're not celebrating . what 's wrong ? One of the last things Trask did was spread your personal data all over the internet . Names , phone records , financial statements . They 're all out there for all eyes to see ... To study . It could lead to some very dangerous questions . So , we do damage control . Delete all we can and deny the rest . That 'll only feed the conspiracy theorists . So it 's been decided , Drew . We 're going to have to take a more radical approach . What do you have in mind ? Hi , mom ! Hi , dad ! Hello , sweetheart . did you have a fun birthday ? Pretty fun . I just ... wish you could have been there . - So do we . - I 'll bet you got some nice gifts . I got a new iPod . It 's like a record player , only it plays thousands of songs . - Any Sinatra ? - Tons of Sinatra . Next time I come , I 'll bring it with me . Are you sure you can get away ? You know , we wouldn 't want to interfere with any homework or anything . You 're not interfering . I like coming here and seeing you . I wish I could come every day . So do we . But you 're here now . Jordan 's never going to let Kevin go . So that 's it ? The compatibility test isn 't going to happen ? It has to happen . I have to make it happen . Get on the phone , get ahold of Tess . We 're taking Kevin out of Promise City . It 's all settled . He understands what he has to do . He may have been a little disappointed at first . After all , he had a good run , but in the end , he took it well . He knows it 's time to move on . I 'm sure he considers it an honor ... Especially after he heard about the new host we have lined up for him . He made an excellent Drew Imroth , but he 'll make an even better Jordan Collier .
