 The world will have to deal with us . Previously on The 4400 ... Jordan , you 've done great things for the 4400 , but you are on the wrong path here . And you 've always been rebellious . But I think you 're afraid of change , Shawn . Or is it just me ? I 'm shrinking . What did you do to me ? I met Cora . She has an amazing ability . She can actually make people younger . - Isabelle ? - Daddy ! If your mother were here , she 'd want us to do this . She 'd want us to be a family again . When your wife fainted this morning , she was a young woman . When she woke up less than a minute later , she was 50 years older ? Richard , I 'm dying . There 's a faction of elites who want the future to stay exactly as it is . I call them " The Marked " . When we need him ... he 'll be there for us . Mr. Tyler , can you hear my voice ? He 's been under for almost 20 minutes . We should have begun the procedure already . Where have you been ? Who are you ? We have to work fast . This is our only chance . I 've practiced enough ... with plenty of time . Tonight , Richard Tyler becomes a father . Are you okay ? Yeah , I 'm fine . Just had a ... weird dream . You wanna talk about it ? No , I 'm okay . You should go back to bed . I 'll be right there . Ready , you 're ready ? Daddy loves you . It 's nice to see you happy , sweetheart . Daddy 's been wanting that for long time . Who are you ? Who am I ? I 'm Lily ... your wife . Who else would I be ? Season 4 - Episode 10 One Of Us [ Synchro ] Benj ! [ Synchro ] aSpro5oo You 're not lily . Lily is dead . - Dead ? - You got old . You passed on . No , you 're wrong . I 'm ... I 'm right here . I didn 't die . Where have you been ? How did you get here ? Well , I woke up about an hour ago . I ... I wasn 't sure where I was . Not exactly , but ... Somehow knew you 'd be home soon , and you 'd have Isabelle . That 's the last thing I remember . I was ... I was looking for her at the Center , and she wasn 't in her crib . You look different , Richard . You look sad . - You are not real . - You keep saying that , but I feel real . I mean I remember everything about my life , about us . I can pick things up . I can touch things . You . You can feel that , right ? I can 't explain where I 've been , Richard , or how I got here , but ... I 'm not questioning it , either . I 'm here . Isn 't that enough ? Can I ask you a question ? Sure . You 're left-handed . Of course . - Is there a question coming ? - You already answered it . I 've been studying the reports on who survives the promicin shot , and who doesn 't . Did you know nine out of ten left-handed people who take the shot , survive ? - No , I didn 't . - Well , it 's true . I learned that a couple weeks ago , but I didn 't know ... what it meant ... until now . There . There 's a small part of the brain called the corpus callosum . It 's like a bundle of wires that connects the two hemispheres . It 's usually slightly larger in lefties than it is in righties . That 's why the lefties survive . The size of that part of the brain helps determine whether or not you 'll be able to integrate a new neurotransmitter . Well , how big does it have to be ? I don 't know ... yet . But I think I can figure it out . And if I do ... A simple cat scan will tell me how anyone 's body will react to the shot . And you 'd know in advance whether or not you 'd live or die . The shot wouldn 't have to kill anyone anymore . How long do you need ? A couple of months , maybe less . This is huge . Keep working . I 'll get you anything you need , okay ? - Where are you going ? - I gotta get in contact with Collier . If this test is really only a few months away , all he has to do is make an announcement , telling people that are thinking about taking the shot to simply wait . This is great . Hey , Tom . What are you doing standing in the middle of the hallway ? Is everything all right ? Yeah , I 'm ... fine . I 've just ... had a strange morning . Well , join the club . We 've just had a surprise visit from Rebecca Parrish . Some might say an ambush . The director of national intelligence is here ? She 's been in Meghan 's office the past 20 minutes , and that 's not all . She 's asked to see us . I don 't think she likes to wait . Morning , agent Baldwin , agent Skouris . I 'm Rebecca Parrish , and it is a pleasure to meet you . The pleasure 's all ours . I know that you have difficult jobs here at NTAC . But lately , it seems that we 've had nothing but bad news coming out of Seattle . Promicin use is growing . The founding of Promise City was a major defeat for this agency , and in the administration . It 's temporary . We 'll arrest ... Collier , and we 'll shut that place down . I like your attitude , but you 'll forgive me if I 'm not reassured . Because recently , it seems like we 're ... even botching the little things . We had Richard Tyler and his daughter surrounded , outnumbered . The situation was in hand , and we lost him anyway . Well , with all due respect , I was there , and that situation was anything but " in hand " . Richard Tyler has become an extremely powerful man . I understand , but we can 't simply just throw our hands up , now , can we ? In two weeks , I 'm being asked to testify before a congressional subcommittee on the progress of the war against promicin . I 'll be here for the entire week to prepare , and I would like to go back with a victory . So , you want us to bring in Richard . Ms. Parrish asked to meet my two best agents . That 's why you 're here . That 's also why you 're heading up a task force to find the Tylers . I will be checking in on your progress . I trust this won 't be a problem . Agent Baldwin ? Did you have something you needed to say ? I 'm ... sure Tom just wants to get to work . We 'll find the Tylers for you . I don 't know what 's happening , Diana . It 's like I 'm seeing myself in the future , only it 's not me . I 'm doing things I would never do . What if they 're not just dreams ? What if they 're someone else 's memories ? What if they really did put something inside me when I was in that hospital ? What if it 's starting to affect me ? I 'm becoming one of the marked . Listen , Even if you 're right , it hasn 't happened yet . You 're still you . - Okay , so we can fight it . - How ? Well , have you been to see a doctor since these dreams began ? - No . - Okay , well , why don 't you start there ? Go find yourself a private physician , get yourself checked out . We 're supposed to be looking for Richard . Just go . Go . I 'll cover for you . Go . Okay . She looks so much older . How long have I been gone ? A little while . More than a year . Tell me what happened . I want to hear it all . Why do you look so sad ? I buried you , Lily . I mourned you . I never imagined I 'd be sitting beside you again , and I don 't wanna waste the time we have with explanations . We have all the time in the world , though . Why wouldn 't we ? You still don 't believe I 'm real , do you ? I don 't know . If I let myself believe it , and I turn out to be wrong ... I 'm not sure I could live with that . Let 's just see , okay ? We 'll just lay here for a while ... and if I 'm still beside you when we wake up ... I guess we 're real . - You saved these pictures of us . - Of course I did . Who 's this ? She 's a friend of mine . She lived at the 4400 Center after you were gone . She 's pretty . She looks nice , too . I can see why you saved the picture . I don 't know . There 's nothing different about me , Diana . I had every test they could give me . They all say I 'm in perfect health . I 'll call you back . - What 's going on ? - Sorry for the intrusion . My security detail is nothing if not thorough . They have to be . The administration has enemies - everywhere these days . - What are you doing here , Ms. Parrish ? I wanted to have a word with you in private . Gentlemen ... Gentlemen , agent Baldwin and I need the room . Thank you . Damn it , this is my house ... I 'm going to pay you the respect of being frank . I was a little concerned with your ... outburst in Ms. Doyle 's office this morning . Are you quite sure you 're up to the job of tracking down Richard Tyler ? - I 'm fine . - That 's good to hear . This might surprise you , but I think I have an idea of what you 're going through . Right after I took this job , I felt like I was on the verge of a breakdown myself . I was overwhelmed at work , and I was ... having these strange moments where I was seeing things . It was almost like I wasn 't myself . Like ... someone else was in my head . Do you understand what I 'm saying ? I think I do . Let me ask you something , Ms. Parrish . If I look behind your left ear , would I find a mark there ? A mark ? You mean like a mole ? That 's hard to say . Once you turn 40 , your skin changes all the time . I remember how nervous I was in those days . I thought I was going to lose myself forever . I fought it . My God , how I fought it . And then one day , I just couldn 't fight it anymore . I gave in . I accepted my situation . And you know what ? Things have been much better for me since then . I 'm happier . My friends tell me that I 'm like a new person . You should relax , Tom . Whatever you 're going through , just ... let it happen . You 'll feel better . I promise . You 're saying Rebecca Parrish is one of these people ? - She 's marked ? - Yeah , I think so . She never came out and said it . But you haven 't had any more hallucinations , so , maybe she was talking about something else . What do you think ? I think it 's crazy , and I doubt we 'll be able to prove any of this , but ... I have to go with Tom . I think that there 's a very good chance the director of national intelligence is marked . We 're going to have to be very careful with how we proceed . NTAC would be looking for Richard Tyler no matter what , so we 'll keep doing that . I 'm passing the case over to Garrity and Ashmore . Tom , you 're taking a personal day tomorrow . Diana and I will keep an eye on you . We 'll watch over you in shifts . I 'm sorry , Shawn , are you really asking me to tell people not to take promicin ? Only for a few months . Jordan , I know that we have had our differences in the past , but this is good for both of us . All we have to do is be patient . It 's not the need for patience that concerns me . It 's the worldwide implications of this test . Shawn , there would be millions of people with abilities and millions without any chance of having them . Yes , but they would be alive . And living in a world with two classes of human being . Positives and negatives cannot live side by side . Those without abilities will tear down the ones who have them . Or , the positives will simply use their powers to rid themselves of the negatives . Inquisition , or holocaust . Either way , it 's a recipe for hell on earth . What 's your alternative ? Do you really want - the entire world to take promicin ? - Yes . Yes , I do . It 's what I 've always said has to happen . Half of the planet will die ! - You 're talking about mass suicide ! - I am talking ... about a single generation of sacrifice . And at the end of it , a more fully-evolved species . All of our failings as human beings will be addressed when we are all gifted . I am not making any announcement . And no one who cares about what 's right for the world would . Somebody got so big ! Oh , she got heavy , too . Yeah . - Just one , just one . - I 'm going to go play . All right , go play . She seems so happy . Aren 't toddlers supposed to be moody ? Oh , Isabelle 's had her moments , believe me . Oh , I 'm sure she has . Ever since I got back , I 've been ... thinking about what it must have been like for you , raising her on your own . You know , neither of us asked to be parents , not that it makes it any less wonderful , but still ... It just kind of happened . But you 've always been there for her , even while I was gone . You 're a great father , Richard . You can tell just by looking at her . I 'm definitely using my ability on Richard Tyler . He 's seeing his dead wife , but I have no idea if they 're talking about what he did to his daughter . I just make him see her . Everything they talk about comes from him . Allright , keep at it . We don 't have any other options at this point . I don 't know how much longer I can do this . Look , I know you 're tired , but this is very important . I won 't forget what you did for me . - Can I get a coffee or something ? - Absolutely . Absolutely . It 's working . We just need more time . If you know where Isabelle is , just tell me . I can help her myself . Didn 't really work out so well the last time you tried it , did it ? It 's too soon for that . Richard 's not ready to give her up yet . This is just the first part of a plan to get her back . When we 're ready for the next part , I 'll let you know . Or you can tell me now . Did you know he was involved with her grandmother ? Why do you think we picked these two ? After we send them back to their time , they 'll find each other . They 'll form a bond . It 's done . She 's pregnant . Honey ... Honey , Meghan . Honey , wake up . I had the dream again . Of course you did , Tom . You 're becoming your new self . You 're one of us now . Welcome aboard . Did you have another dream ? No , I slept like a baby , actually . I feel great . Forgot how much I hate it here . There 's so much noise in this time period . So many people . Look at them . They have no idea what 's coming . They just move from pointless errand to pointless errand . It 's disgusting . I 'd think you 'd be glad just to be alive . You were given a chance to continue your work . The work that failed so badly ? The work that got my previous host killed ? Don 't blame your shortcomings on Matthew Ross . We are our hosts . Your inability to harness Isabelle Tyler was your failure . I 'll do better this time . You need to get back to work . Convince them to return you to active duty . I 'll pull some strings if I have to , but it 's better if you got it done on your own . - And after I 'm there ? - That 's the easy part . Do what Tom Baldwin would do . Find Isabelle Tyler . I 'll be in touch . Richard , come play . I can 't . Lily , I have to tell you something . What is it , sweetheart ? I lied to you . That picture you saw . The pretty girl . That was Isabelle . My god , Richard . I had no idea things had gotten so bad . I don 't expect you to forgive me , but I need you to understand . I did it for our daughter . Why didn 't you tell me the truth right away ? I 've been happy , being with you the last few days . You don 't know how long it 's been since I 've felt that way . A good father will do anything for his child , and you 're a good father . But , Richard , you took away her life . The good and the bad . You erased everything she was , everything she could have been . I knew I was wrong after I did it to her , but ... Other people told me as much , but I didn 't listen . I guess the only person I could listen to was you . Daddy ... I feel real . We 're talking . - I 've held Isabelle . - No , you haven 't . My ability makes it seem like you have . I don 't know if I 'm seeing you because I want to , or if someone conjured you up for me . I don 't know , Richard . I don 't know how I got here , but maybe it doesn 't matter . I don 't think I 'm going to be here much longer . But if I have to go , will you just hold me ? I love you , Richard . I 'm not saying we don 't have to worry , but nothing happened last night , and this morning , Tom said he felt fine . He said he didn 't want me to come over , but where is he ? Because Tom is always here at the crack of dawn . Hey , what 's up with Tom ? He just dragged Marco out of his office . I think Baldwin 's gone nuts or something . Your mind is no match for the power of my mind . You are now under my control . My mind is no match for the power of your mind . I am now under your control . Total control . Total control . You should see their faces . Sorry , Di , we were just trying to ease the tension a little bit , - that 's all . - You idiots ! Marco , you 're fired . You too , Garrity . - Come on , that was classic ! - You can 't fire this . Go back to your office and solve something . - Hey , come on ... - Quick . I 'm sorry . Good work . No humor . No humor in this room . What ? Ah , you know what ? Seriously , look , I 'd like to thank you both for helping me get through these past few days , but I had a great night 's sleep . I feel ... better , and , look I really hope this is all over . If I have any more flashes , I 'll tell you right away , but in the meantime , I 'd really like to get back to work . What about Rebecca Parrish ? I think we need to keep an eye on her . Her visit to my place was ... definitely weird . but maybe you were right . Maybe the whole thing was her bizarre version of a pep talk . Look , whatever it is , I don 't have to trust her to do my job . And I really want to do my job . All right , but I 'll be watching you , okay ? Any more attempts at mind control Baldwin , and you 're out . That wasn 't funny . I have a very simple message for anyone who 's thinking about taking the shot . Wait . In a few months , the research that I 'm funding will be complete and 50-50 will be a thing of the past . We will have a very simple test that can tell you whether or not you 'll survive the shot , and no one ever has to risk dying again . What about Jordan Collier ? Is he in favor of this ? You 'd have to ask him that , Paul , but we 're talking about preventing thousands of needless deaths here . I don 't see how anyone could think that 's a bad thing . You did this to your own child . I 'm disappointed in you , Richard . You told me you wanted to use that water I gave you to help an old army buddy . I know it was wrong . But you never would have gave me what I needed - if you knew what I had in mind . - Oh , you 're right about that . These abilities we have , they are a gift from god , and we need to treat them with respect . I know that , and that 's why I 'm here . I 'm hoping you can set things right . Cora , please . I need your help . I 'll see what I can do . Byron , you gotta wake up . Byron ... Isabelle needs you . - Come on ... - Let him sleep . He did what he needed to do . Does that mean Isabelle 's okay ? Not exactly , but we 're getting close . I need you to call your father . Call my father ? Why ? You 're going to have to tell him where Isabelle is . You want me to betray her to the government ? If you know where she is , tell me . - I 'll go there myself . - This is how it has to be . I promise you , Kyle , if you do exactly what I say , Isabelle will not wind up in jail . Think of everything we 've done , Kyle . All that we 've accomplished together . Are you really going to start doubting me now ? Did it work ? Daddy ... Are you going out ? We had a tip on the Tyler case . Someone called in from Promise City , gave us the name and address of a 4400 that Richard claimed he 'd been in contact with . It was anonymous , probably nothing . You had the appointment at Maia 's school . I figured I 'd run it down while you were out . I 'm back , so I 'll go with you . I 'll just get my jacket . Okay , great . Did you see that ? The curtain just moved . Well , so someone knows we 're here . That tip of yours said this lady 's just an associate of Tyler 's , right ? Yeah , but we 'd better play it safe . Knock on the door . I 'm gonna head around back , make sure no one tries to flee the scene . Richard , a car just pulled up outside . Some people are coming . Isabelle , get down to the basement . If you hear any kind of struggle , run out the back , understand ? Answer the door if they knock . See if you can get rid of them . Cora Tomkins ? Hi . I 'm Diana Skouris . I 'm from NTAC . I 'd like to ask you a few questions about Richard Tyler . Richard Tyler ? I haven 't seen him since quarantine . Do you mind if I come in ? So Richard hasn 't tried to get in touch with you at all ? No phone calls ? No emails ? No , but I keep pretty much to myself . Right . Oh , I 'm sorry . I didn 't realize I was interrupting something . - You have company . - No , no . Pardon my mess . I 'm not too good about cleaning up after myself . Like I say , I knew the man in quarantine , but I don 't really keep in touch with many of the 4400s . - You people just don 't quit . - Don 't move . Are you okay ? What have you done to them ? Honey ... Are you okay ? Yeah , I think so . I 'm sorry . I went around back , and Isabelle was already halfway down the alley when I got out there . I was going to chase her , but I came back when I heard the gunshot . Where is she now ? I don 't know , Diana , she got away . Good job , guys . Today , agent Baldwin and agent Skouris provided a textbook example of what we need to win this fight . Initiative , savvy , and exceptional teamwork . The apprehension of Richard Tyler is a huge win for us , a reminder to everyone that the rule of law still prevails in this country . Make no mistake , there 's lots more to be done , but today ... Today we won . Nice speech . Yeah , exactly what Parrish would say if she were marked . Then again , it 's exactly what Parrish would say if she wasn 't marked . I know , either way , she won today . Nice work , you guys . I gotta go make nice . Hey , you ... - You gonna be okay ? - Yeah . Sure ? We really got lucky today , just finding Richard in that house . It 's a good thing you got that tip . Yeah , well , it has to work out for us sometimes , doesn 't it ? This is not how this was supposed to end ! Richard is in prison ! It 's all over the news ! Isabelle 's on the run . Government 's looking for her . You said that she 'd be okay . You lied to me ! I promised you she wouldn 't end up in jail . - She 's not in jail . - Yeah , and she 's not safe , either . - This is not what I wanted ... - This isn 't about what you want , Kyle ! It 's about what has to happen ! I 'm not your sidekick . I 'm not here to run errands for you . I 'm here to tell you what the movement needs , and right now , it needs for you to be strong , because the next thing you have to do , trust me , it 's not gonna be easy for you . - What are you talking about ? - Your cousin Shawn ? The work he 's doing with that scientist is threatening the entire movement . Collier knows about it , but he 's too afraid to get his hands dirty . He shouldn 't have to get his hands dirty . That 's what he has people like you for . People like me ? What do you want me to do ? Shawn Farrell has to be stopped . Don 't worry . You 're safe . - Where am I ? - You 're at my house . I gave you a tranquilizer , then I brought you here . - Where 's my father ? - We put him on the inhibitor . He 's in prison . He 's gonna be there for a very long time . He didn 't do anything wrong . He was just trying to help me . Isabelle , it 's okay . It 's okay . There 's a way to get him out . I know people who could make it happen . It would be easy . There 's just one thing . You ... have to take your abilities back . Then , you can bring Jordan Collier to me .
