 RUSH : Destiny . The design is clearly Ancient . Launched hundreds of thousands of years ago . SCOTT : Where the hell are we ? Several billion light years from home . We are on a ship , but we have no idea where we are in relation to Earth . RUSH : This ship could be the most important discovery mankind has made since the stargate itself . YOUNG : These are the wrong people in the wrong place . SCOTT : I 've got a lot of wounded . We need to get home . RUSH : We barely have enough power to operate the main systems . This ship simply doesn 't have the capability to dial Earth . In this case are five Ancient communication stones . RUSH : You physically take control of an individual at the other end . SCOTT : She 's not going to have it . She 's 1 6 . We barely even know each other . If anyone finds this within the next , I don 't know , 40 years , tell Sharon that my last thoughts were of her . ( THE WORST DA Y SINCE YESTERDA Y PLAYING ) Well I know , I miss more than hit With a face that was launched to sink And I seldom feel The bright relief It 's been the worst day since yesterday If there ' s one thing I have said Is that the dreams I once had Now lay in bed As the four winds blow My wits through the door It 's been the worst day since yesterday Falling down to you , sweet ground Where the flowers , they bloom It 's there I 'II be found Hurry back to me , my wild Colleen It 's been the worst day since yesterday M EHTA : Hey . Your shift 's over . ( SIGHING ) I 'm good . You need rest . I 've been sitting on my ass for hours . General O 'Neill 's orders . ( DIALING ) Got plans for tonight ? This is delicious . My compliments to the chef . ( CHUCKLING ) I 'll give you his number , and he delivers . ( BOTH LAUGHING ) No kidding ? Listen , I want to say thank you . There aren 't many people that understand what I 'm going through . Happy to help . Anytime . Is everything okay ? We 've only known each other a short time , but I 'd like to feel I can call you a friend . Yeah , of course you can . And as such , I feel a certain obligation to tell you some things about your husband . ( RUNNING FOOTSTEPS ) ( PANTING ) SCOTT : Hey ! - You were supposed to join us . - Yeah , I know . Sorry , I pulled a thing . Yeah , Colonel Young wants everybody in shape . Tomorrow . Tomorrow , yeah , I promise . Okay , let 's go . Come on . ( ALL GASPING ) To hell with this . - Hey . - Hello . JOHANSEN : Mind if I join you ? - You okay ? - Fine . 'Cause you look a little tired . You getting any sleep ? I said I 'm fine . I 'm fine , too . Thanks for asking . - RUSH : Eli . - Yo . We 've managed to secure two more sections of the ship . I 'm sending a team in to take a look . I need you to operate the Kino for me . Kind of busy here . Doing what ? I can 't say . And what 's that supposed to mean ? That I was told not to say . Oh , a secret mission , is it ? How intriguing . Look , you 're gonna have to talk to Colonel Young about this . Eli , do me a favor , have a look at your chest . Is there any insignia there , anything that says " lieutenant " or " sergeant , " or anything like that ? - All I got is " You Are Here . " - Exactly . - I 'll be down when I 'm done . - No , no , don 't bother . I 'll manage . He says he 's fine , but I 'm worried about him . Him and about a dozen others . Listen , I want you to do psych evaluations . Everyone , civilians , military . I 've been meaning to ask you to do it anyway . Don 't you think Camile might want to do it , being HR ? You took psych in college , right ? One course , undergrad . That hardly qualifies me . That 's perfect . Get to it . You can do it . Hold on . The door to your right , try it . GREER : More quarters . - Not bad . - Moving on . So do I start crying now , or do we build up to that ? Why don 't you just tell me how you 're doing ? - How I 'm doing ? - With life on the ship . It sucks . I hate it . Okay , how about your hydroponics lab ? Any luck there ? The seeds won 't sprout , which really sucks , because I would have liked to have started to grow some food . I 'm not really much of a fruit and vegetable guy , but anything would be better than the crap that you 've been serving us . And there 's not enough water , and the beds are rock hard , and , oh , don 't let me forget to mention that I was shot by one of your people ! So you 're doing fine , then . Eli , how 's it coming ? I 've run simulations on a dozen variations of Telford 's plan to power the gate , but so far problems . - Such as ? - Catastrophic failure , every time . Horrible death , fire and brimstone , dogs and cats living together ... I get it . Keep at it . I want to make sure . Lieutenant , you 're next up to use the stones to visit Earth . - It 's all right , sir . I can wait . - You 've been waiting . Take your turn . - Wray will be going , too . - All right . All right . Thanks . RUSH : Go ahead . BOONE : What the hell is this ? GREER : Hey , looks like we found the dentist 's office . ( POWER SURGES ) Don 't touch anything . Leave it ! I 'm on my way . Lieutenant Scott ? It 's me , Camile . Weird . YOUNG : Neural interface ? A precursor to an Ancient device SG-1 discovered several years ago . A repository of knowledge that can be literally downloaded into one 's mind . You think this is one of those things ? Within that knowledge may be the master code to unlock the ship 's core systems . - Navigation , propulsion . - You 're sure ? We can 't be certain till someone actually sits in the chair . It looks like it holds you down and shoots bolts into your head . These are merely electrodes allowing the transfer of data . Do you know what a device like this did to General O 'Neill ? The sheer amount of information overwhelmed him , yes . It damn near killed him , is what it did . - It led to incredible discoveries ... - And it damn near killed him . In fact , the only thing we know for sure is an Ancient device like this is pretty much a death sentence . Nobody sits in this thing . I want guard detail posted . So , what are we to do , Colonel ? Just ignore what this chair can do for us ? I 'm not telling you to ignore it . I 'm telling you to study it without sitting in it . But , Colonel , this predates those found in the Milky Way . I 'd be willing to bet the effects are far less severe . Would you bet your own life ? So , you 're fine as long as someone else volunteers ? Hell , if it means getting these people home , I 'll sit in the damn thing . - JAMES : Colonel Young , come in . - Go ahead . Colonel Telford 's in the communications lab . He switched bodies with Scott and he wants to talk to you . I 'm on my way . Colonel , so far I 've only managed to access portions of Destiny 's database . We still can 't actually control the ship . Even if we could turn this thing around right now , head back to Earth , how long would that take , another million years ? Rush , you want this chair to be some kind of wonderful discovery , that 's fine . Prove it . You prove you can use it safely to do something we actually need it to do . Until then no one goes near . Always you on the stones . Don 't you let anyone else take a turn ? Why haven 't you given us any of the data collected during our experiment ? We 're still working on it ourselves . I 've got a team of the best scientists on Earth . We want to help . Till things get out of hand , then you jump ship , leave us on our own . How did Rush do it ? How did he defuse the situation ? When I know , you 'll know . You know , Colonel , I don 't get it . I would think you 'd be doing everything possible to get these people home , to get yourself home , back to your wife . If you need anything , ask Lieutenant James . STROM : Camile , it is you , right ? I didn 't know that you were checking in today . Oh , I 'm not , actually . This is a personal visit . Last time I was here , I didn 't get a chance to go home . Right , of course , but since I have you ... I 'll be there in a minute . Colonel Telford 's team is working on adjustments to their plan . They 're making some progress . Young is not going to listen , at least not anytime soon . And Dr. Rush , well , like you said , he 's in no hurry to come home . Still trying to take command of the ship ? He and Young are bumping heads , yes . Right now , Young seems to be winning that battle . And you ? I 'm caught between them , not sure which camp is the better choice . Maybe it 's time you started your own . Your mail , all four letters . Popular guy . So , I 'm your chaperone . Where do you want to go ? Any family , friends ? There 's a buddy I want to catch up with . He 's at Edwards , or he was ... No problem . You okay ? I would imagine the level of stress that comes along with trying to figure out the inner workings of this ship ... I know , it 's intense , especially figuring that we 've only just scratched the surface of all there is to know . So how are you dealing with it ? I mean , what are you doing to relieve the stress ? Oh . I read . Thirty-five , 36 , 37 , 38 , 39 ! One , two , three , 18 ! One , two , three , 19 ! Move it , move it ! Faster ! Come on , people , faster ! Faster , Franklin , move it ! You 're pathetic , Franklin , you know that ? Go again ! Again , Franklin ! Move that fat ass ! You 're pathetic ! Go again ! She 's not cleared , so stick with the cover story . Hey , there . I 'm looking for Annie Balic . I 'm an old friend of hers . Does she live here ? She 's my mom . Is it really you ? ( SPEAKING MANDARIN ) ( CRYING ) If someone wants to volunteer to sit in it , why won 't he let them ? - He 's trying to protect us . - Oh , please . It 's politics . He resists at first , comes around eventually , gives it the green light , and if it works , he 's the big hero . And if it doesn 't , well , you get to take the blame . Yes . How am I coping ? Honestly ? I don 't know . The people onboard make it easier , that 's for sure . I made some good friends . And I met Matt . So there 's that to be grateful for . So are things getting serious between you two ? He 's been a real comfort . When we 're together , it 's not so lonely . You know ? ( COMFORTPLAYING ) When everyone has gone to sleep And you are wide awake There 's no one left to tell your troubles to Just an hour ago You listened to their voices Lilting like a river over underground And the light from downstairs Came up soft Like daybreak Dimly as the heartache of a lonely child And if you can ' t remember a better time You can have mine , little one ... Say the word , and I 'll call Child Protective Services . - He says she 'll be home soon . - Which was three hours ago . I just want to make sure that he ... - Annie Balic ? - Yeah ? I 'm Colonel Telford . I 'm a friend of Matthew Scott 's . - Is he okay ? - Yeah , he 's fine . He 's on a mission . It 's classified . I can 't say where , but he got your letter . It said you needed to see him ? Have you seen your parents ? No point . They 're not cleared . I can 't tell them who I really am . You can tell them that their daughter 's okay . You can tell them that she misses them and she loves them . - Go see them . - Mmm . - Oh , um , I tried to sell that . I did . - Mmm-hmm . Right . - I really ... - Yeah . Come here . It 's so strange , this other body . Food doesn 't taste quite right . Wine either . Oh . ( CHUCKLES ) Now this ... This feels right . - So much for retiring to our beach . - None of that right now . Forgot the rowboat . SHARON : Hmm ? Why did I forget the rowboat ? ( CRYING ) Hey , come here . Come here . Come on . Come here . It 's okay . - Hey , Dr. Rush , you got a sec ? - No . I 'm doing psych evaluations , the entire crew . - No , thank you . - Colonel Young ordered them . It 's just a talk , see how you 're doing , give you a chance to voice any problems or frustrations . I 'm fine . No problems , no complaints . Is that it ? Yeah . He 's usually not this shy . It must be the uniform . He loves the military . Did you eat ? Go brush your teeth . Matthew , go . ( STUTTERING ) Is Lieutenant Scott ... I don 't know how good of a friend you are or what he might have told you about us ... He said there was a pregnancy , but that you were gonna ... I couldn 't . I couldn 't go through with it . Why didn 't you tell him ? I didn 't want to burden him . He was dealing with a lot of stuff at the time . Whoa ! What is it ? ( CHUCKLING ) Now , that 's good . Look , there 's a bad guy out there , put a gun in my hand , I 'll go kill him . Not gonna lose any sleep over it . Your ass needs saving , I 'm gonna save it or I 'm gonna die trying . I didn 't ask to be like this . Nobody made me this way . You want to riff about my childhood ? How my daddy beat my ass , really , really messed me up ? ( LAUGHING ) What , you think you can understand me ? - No , I just want to talk . - I wish people would just shut up . Be happy for what I am . People ? People less willing or able to do what I do . He fought in Desert Storm , didn 't he ? - Your dad ? - I 'm not talking about him . You 're the one who brought him up . What was he like ? My mom used to baby-sit him after school . This is her house . She died last summer . This new job , though , insane hours , but the money 's really good , so I should be able to hire a sitter real soon . Oh , what 's the job ? I dance . Matt said something about you going to college , becoming a lawyer ? Yeah . That was then , right ? ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) It 's time . Hey , I need to use your cell phone . Real quick . Thanks . Okay . I 'll be right back . - Sorry . - Be right there . Come here . You are gonna take a deep breath , and you 're gonna find the strength , okay ? You 're gonna go back to that ship , and you are gonna work with those people . Motivate them , do whatever you need to do to get yourself back home . Because I 'm gonna be here . I 'm not going anywhere . - Promise ? - I already did that 1 2 years ago . The only thing that won 't be here when you get back will be that stupid chair over there . ( SPEAKING MANDARIN ) I love you , too . - Be right here . - Mmm-hmm . ( SIGHS ) ( CRYING ) Okay , okay . So they just patched me through to Matt , and I told him . He was angry , wasn 't he ? He 's gonna need some time . It 's a lot to take in right now , but , anyway , long story short , the mission that he 's on right now takes care of him financially , so he 's gonna arrange to have his monthly Air Force check directly deposited into your bank account . - Really ? - Yeah , that way you can quit your job , you can go back to school and follow through with your dreams ... Wait a minute . If Matt wants to help us out , that 's great , but I 'm okay with my job . Wait , what about college ? Me , a lawyer ? Yeah , like that was ever going to happen . Did you even try ? Tell Matt thanks , but I 've got things under control here . He doesn 't have to worry about us . I told you it wouldn 't take long . I 've been able to access the subspace link between Destiny and the unmanned ships that were sent out ahead of it . The ones seeding these stargates on planets . Yeah . We now have data on literally thousands of gates that have already been seeded . I 've only managed to get through a fraction of it , but I found something quite interesting . ( ELI EXCLAIMING ) Almost the same mineral composition as the Icarus planet . - How long ? - One year away . Naturally-occurring naquadria throughout the planet 's crust . Ample power for our needs . One more year , we can gate back home ? It 's not quite as simple as that . - We have to learn how to steer the ship ... - How to orbit the planet . BRODY : Not to mention how to make the gate work to dial home from there ... Yes , as I said , much to be done , but we will , of course , need the master code . Then you better get to work cracking it . Sounds like you 've got the better part of a year . - But the neural-interface device ... - Is still off-limits . God , you think I don 't know what you 're doing here ? Crack the damn code , Rush . That 's your job . - Hey , how did it go ? - Great . And you ? Great . - One year , and we 're out of here ? - First we have to do what 's necessary . Then get to it . I will , but we 'll need your support , shall we say . Look , if it means getting off of this tin can , then we 're all in . I can 't wait another year . - I want off this ship now . - Chill out , Spencer . A year is a hell of a lot better than forever . ( EXCLAIMS ) That is much better . We 'll crack it . I know we will . If we can 't , I know that Colonel Young will give us access to the chair . He has to . A chance like this ? This is our ticket home . The word 's getting around . I mean , everyone 's really excited . ( CHUCKLING ) Hell , yeah . It was good timing , too , because I don 't know about you , but I was getting to the end of my rope here . It 's weird . I 've never even met your wife . I only saw that one picture you had in your office at Icarus . Telford , you connected with him . So , what ? This is a residual memory of his that somehow transferred to my subconscious ? Doesn 't mean it was an actual memory . It could 've been one of his dreams . I mean , just because I saw her doesn 't mean the two ... No . Thanks . - JOHANSEN : Camile ! Hi . - T.J. Dr. Boone told me about a planet Rush discovered in the database . - Is it true ? - Yeah , finally some good news . I hope it pans out the way he says it will . Yeah , so , listen , while you were gone , Colonel Young asked me to do psych evaluations on the entire crew , assess people 's state of mind , any red flags that we might need to be aware of . Yeah , that 's a good idea . Yeah , so I was just kind of wondering if you had some time to maybe sit down and talk to me ? Oh . Right . No problem . But , you know , I have some things I need to do today . - Is tomorrow okay ? - Yeah , okay . Tomorrow 's good . - Sorry . - Watch where you 're going . - Easy . I said sorry ... - Expect people to just get out of your way ! What the hell 's your problem ? My problem is fat asses like you clogging up the hallway ... - YOUNG : I 've had it with you , man . - What did I do ? Listen to me , I don 't know what the hell your problem is , but you better get it together fast ! - He ran into me ! - Shut up ! I don 't care who ran into who ! You keep pulling this crap , I 'm gonna lock you up for good . You got that ? Get out of here . Take a walk . A son ? Wow . That is ... - It 's wild . - Yeah , tell me about it . - What 's his name ? - Matthew . I got an eight-year-old kid named after me . How weird is that ? - Are you okay ? - Yeah . It 's a lot to deal with . Angry that she didn 't tell me , that I couldn 't be there for him . Look , one more year , and then you can take him to soccer games and Little League . What 's the mother like ? She 's got her issues . - You two were close ? - Not really . Yeah . I mean , for a short time , but things happened . We lost touch . Until now . What the hell are you doing , airman ? You stay away from my wife , you pathetic piece of scum ! - You keep your finger out of my face . - What ? Everett ? This is how you get back at me ? Pretend to be me , crawl into bed with my wife ? No ! He didn 't pretend to be you . He never pretended to be you . He told me who he was all along . And I didn 't sleep with him , by the way , but thanks for not jumping to conclusions . He 's a friend . He 's helping support me through this . What , really ? Is that right ? Not all men are like you . And I know you 're still sleeping with her . Did he tell you this ? Everett ! What happened ? What just happened ? The connection must have been severed , Colonel . - I don 't know why ... - Are you kidding me ? - SCOTT : Colonel Young ... - Not now . Eli was just checking the planetary database . The subspace link from the ships that are seeding the gates ? I came across something that didn 't quite fit with the coordinates that were established on a previous ... - Can 't this wait ? - No , sir , it can 't . Rush lied . The Icarus planet that he discovered a year away ? It doesn 't exist . It 's fake data . He planted it himself . YOUNG : You lied to these people . - I gave them hope . - False hope , Rush . Yeah , well , so was dialing Earth . I knew it was pointless at the time , but you persisted . Why ? To boost morale . - You tell me the difference . - I 'll tell you the difference . One is a lie . Who cares ? Who else knows about this , then ? Wray overheard , so we can assume everyone knows on the ship . Well done , Colonel . You 've just ruined the chance to maximize productivity . I wasn 't the one who planted false information . There may very well be an Icarus-type planet buried in the data . There may very well be . I 've only begun to scratch the surface , but I 'd be a lot further on if you would just let me use ... - Again , with the chair ! - Yes , the chair ! - It could be our salvation ... - And it could kill somebody ! A sacrifice that could save the lives of everyone else on this ship . I 'm not stopping you , Rush . Go , sit , be my guest . That 's what I thought . Hey . Hey . You hiding out , too ? T.J. ' s doing her psych evals . I 've been trying to avoid her . Why ? You start opening up , you end up saying all sorts of personal stuff you probably shouldn 't , and then you have to live with these people , see them every day , have her give you weird looks as she passes you in the hall ... Gets awkward . Chloe tells me you 're a dad . Congrats . Got yourself a mini-Matt . ( ELI CHUCKLING ) See , that 's what I 'm talking about . I speak , and say things I shouldn 't , and I talk before I think ... - It 's okay . - No , no . Look at you , you 're bummed . You just found out that you have a son , but now he 's probably not ever gonna get the chance to actually meet you , and that sucks . You don 't want to talk about that . I 'm gonna go now . I 've completed 14 psych evals . I have eight more scheduled , and I think the rest of the ship 's avoiding me . - What 's wrong ? - Bad day . A lot of those lately , huh ? Hey , something else is bothering you . Hey , something else is bothering you . What happened ? This my psych eval ? It can be . Come on , talk to me . Bad day . PETERSON : Dr. Volker ? AIRMAN : Yes . Welcome to Earth . I 'm Major Peterson . I 've got a car waiting for you , anywhere you want to go . ( GRUNTING ) ( THE WORST DA Y SINCE YESTERDA Y PLAYING ) Though these wounds have seen no wars Except for the scars I have ignored And this endless crutch Well , it 's never enough It 's been the worst day since yesterday Hell says hello Well , it 's time I should go To pastures green that I 've yet to see Hurry back to me , my wild Colleen It 's been the worst day since yesterday It 's been the worst day since yesterday It 's been the worst day since yesterday English - US - SDH
