 [ Wedeck ] On October 6th , the planet blacked out for two minutes and 17 seconds . The whole world saw the future . Priority number one : Finding out what caused this . Priority number two is figuring out whether or not it 'll happen again . Our experiment killed 20 million people . We have to go public and tell the world we caused the blackout . D. Gibbons was on the phone with somebody else during the blackout . He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over . D. Gibbons escaped . We got a cell phone and a white queen . I love you , Zoey . Even if my parents don 't . I didn 't have a flash forward because I 'm gonna be dead . I know what I saw . The beach . Our wedding . I know you were there . You said you didn 't want to give up hope ? Then don 't . Our wiretapping program intercepted a phone call to a Bureau cell phone . On March 15 , 2010 , you are going to be murdered . You 're not going to Hong Kong . End of story . - We 're going . - Wedeck 's gonna be pissed . He 'll get over it . I 'm here to warn you tonight that there is yet a chance and a hope of you escaping from my fate . A chance and a hope of my procuring , Ebenezer , your freedom in the afterlife . Tonight , you will be haunted by three spirits . Is that the chance and hope you mentioned ? It is . Without their visits , you cannot hope to shun the path I have tread . Expect the first tomorrow when the bell tolls one . [ Bell tolling ] [ Man ] Expect the second on the next night , about the same hour . Expect the third on the next night when the last stroke of 12 ceases to vibrate . [ Cell phone ringing ] [ Demetri ] Think we can find the woman who called me ? Linguistics pegged your caller as Iranian , from Tehran . London-educated . How many Western Persian-speaking women could there be in Hong Kong ? We 're gonna find her , Dem . We 're going all the way . Come on . [ Cell phone ringing ] [ Man ] You really should answer your cell . It 's your boss calling . Marshall Vogel , FBI Legats Office , Hong Kong . Did you think you were just gonna stroll into town without immigration flagging your arrival ? - Mark Benford . This is ... - Agent Demetri Fordis Noh . Badge number 4587 . Born February 17 , 1977 . Potentially murdered March 15 , 2010 . Gentlemen , I know about Agent Noh 's mystery woman . I know why you 're looking for her . This is a sovereign territory of Communist China ... A country that ours believes was responsible for the blackout . You 're here to offer help is what you 're saying . " Go home " is what I 'm saying . If you catch the first flight back , your jobs might still be there waiting for you . Unless you 're willing to arrest us , I think we 'll take our chances . [ Cell phone ringing ] Hi , cupcake . What part of " stay the hell out of Hong Kong " did you two idiots not understand ? Al Gough did a half-gainer off the building you 're currently standing in to prove to us the future can be changed . - You two are disobeying a direct order ! - By the way , I lied to Demetri . I told him you changed your mind about us coming out here . Merry Christmas . - Why 'd you tell him you lied to me ? - Because if things go south , you 're definitely gonna need to keep carrying a gun . [ Man ] That 's right , Terry . We 're live in Palo Alto where a major announcement will be made concerning the causes of the global blackout . Thank you for attending this press conference . My name is Gordon Myhill . I am the Director of the National Linear Accelerator Project . Today we have some important information concerning the events of October 6th that we feel needs to be shared ... They 're gonna crucify us . What 's a little martyrdom between friends ? Make sure you stick to the points we discussed with Myhill . The last thing we need is your guilty conscience dragging us down . What the hell does that mean ? You feel guilty because your wife died . I get it . You have to take care of your son . Boo-hoo . I 'm not gonna let you drag me down into your spiral of shame just because you 're playing Mr. Mum . Understood ? I 'd like to introduce you now to our associate directors of the Plasma Wakefield Program , Dr. Lloyd Simcoe and Dr. Simon Campos . Good morning . My name is Lloyd Simcoe . As Dr. Myhill indicated , our specialty is proton-driven Plasma-Wakefield acceleration . What we 're trying to do at this facility is reproduce the energy levels that existed just after the Big Bang , but on a much more controllable scale . We were conducting just such an experiment here on ... October the 6th , at precisely 1100 hours , Pacific Daylight Time . [ Loud indistinct chattering ] Please , please . If you could just wait for a moment , please . I will take questions in a minute . Please . I need to get to the heart of the matter . We are here today because we believe that the global blackout was precipitated by our experiment . [ Loud indistinct chattering ] No , no . Please , please . If you just give me a moment , I will take questions in a minute . Please . One moment . Are you taking responsibility for all the death and damage caused by the blackout ? We admit that our experiment does seem the most likely cause , yes . But we contend that there was no way to predict anything like this happening whatsoever . This was utterly unforeseeable . Scientists conduct experiments all the time . We simply cannot stop conducting experiments because we are not 100 percent sure of the results . If this guy caused the blackout , what 's that mean for Mosaic ? This game over ? Maybe Simcoe caused the blackout and maybe he didn 't . Game 's not over . ... in the work that we ... - NLAP will be releasing an official statement regarding this event . We will be concluding this ... - We will conclude ... - Excuse me . - Please , sir ... - Don 't , Lloyd . Please , believe me when I say that our hearts go out to anyone who was hurt or who lost someone that they cared for . My own wife was killed , and I would give anything to have her back . We understand people are scared , they think there 's going to be another blackout . There won 't be because we were the cause . And we assure you ... We assure you that this could not happen again because , as of this moment , Plasma-Wakefield experiments are being put on hold indefinitely . [ All shouting ] [ Indistinct screaming ] You think you can just apologize ? You killed my family ! Idiot ! We talked about having suspicions about our work - contributing to a phenomenon . - We needed to be definitive . There is no " we . " You made that clear . You 've lost all objectivity . You 're ignoring the obvious just to save your own skin ! Of course , it 's called the scientific method . It 's about collecting empirical evidence . Until we can prove that we were the cause of this , I 'm not about to flush my life down the toilet . I do not think we were to blame for this . You do . And if you will not see my line of reasoning , it 's all-out war between us . - Whoa ! What happened to your TV ? - Those scientists . I want them in here yesterday . I want to debrief them . You and seven billion other people . [ Wedeck ] Both disappeared within ten minutes of their announcement . Simon Campos is completely off our radar . Lloyd Simcoe , he had a ticket for a flight to DC that left San Francisco within an hour of his little speech . - We found out he wasn 't on the plane . - Wait . Simcoe ... I knew I heard that name before . - How and why ? - When I was in the hospital , I overheard Olivia Benford talking about Dylan Simcoe . He was a patient they were treating . According to this , he 's Lloyd 's son . Then you 're going to Angeles Hospital to wait for him to check on his boy . We don 't have any basis for an arrest though ? This is you . One agent reaching out , that 's it . - We need to know what he knows . - OK . Oh , hey , have you spoken to Mark or Demetri ? Yeah . That 's what happened to the TV . [ Woman ] You 've reached the Nohs . Leave a message . Mrs. Noh . Look , this is it . Um ... This 'll be the last time I ask you . You 're the parents of the man that I love . I want you at our wedding . In the future that I saw , you were there , and if you say you 'll go it makes it real . I 'm supposed to marry Demetri , and I hope to God that this is the message I 'm supposed to send so that you go . I love your son more than anything in this world and , ma 'am , he loves me . Can you just please help us be together ? - [ Man ] You 're early . - Hey ! I 'm trying to make senior partner one day , too , so ... Are you going to the memorial tonight ? I know you didn 't know Joyce well . She was so friendly and so kind to me . So , of course , I wouldn 't miss it . - I 'll see you then . - Yes . [ Demetri ] OK . This is it . Audio forensics gave us a three mile radius of where the call was placed . But there are a bunch of good reasons why we might find Eartha here . [ Mark ] Eartha ? [ Demetri ] Well , she kind of sounds like Eartha Kitt , don 't you think ? - [ Mark ] What ? - [ Demetri ] The Batman TV show . She played ... Catwoman . You 're right . She does sound like Eartha Kitt . A Persian , well-educated Eartha Kitt . There 's only two newsstands within a block of here that sell Persian newspapers , and ... this may be a stretch , but a place around the corner that sells Iranian cigarettes . That voice , you know , it 's a ... It 's a pretty good bet she smokes . What ? [ Reading foreign sign phonetically ] Mmm-hmm . Farsi for " the tide and the mist . " Persian woman , Persian food . Yahtzee . - Tomorrow ? - Tomorrow . [ Indistinct woman over PA ] [ Groans ] Forget it . [ # O Christmas Tree plays ] - What ? - I 've never been surveilled before . - I 'm not surveilling you . - It feels like I 'm being surveilled . Well , I could split if you just slide me Lloyd Simcoe 's phone number . OK . And what do I do after I get fired ? Well , a girl 's gotta try . Dr. Benford said that you came in while I was away . How 'd it go ? She says I 'm doing good . Not good enough to have a baby yet . - You want to have a baby ? - Well , I didn 't . But then the blackout happened , and I saw myself getting a sonogram . I was pregnant . That was totally crazy . It was like being in love or something . I don 't know . Maybe I 'll just listen to the universe and throw the towel in on the whole thing . [ chuckles dryly ] Listen , in your flash forward you saw yourself pregnant . If you were listening to the universe , you 'd be trying to have that baby . - Do you know how far along you were ? - The sonographer said four months . Beginning of January . If that 's what you saw , that 's ... When I 'm supposed to get pregnant . - You still want to get pregnant ? - Yeah . Then don 't give up . Hitler , Idi Amin , Suharto . Simcoe and Campos killed more people than all of those monsters combined . There 's a real good case to be made here , that these guys are the worst mass murderers in history . - Why aren 't they in jail ? - Wedeck . He 's ... And no one ... Yes . By the way , Simcoe went to Harvard . 1998 . Got his PhD in Applied Physics . Maybe you guys could , I don 't know , stop ... So , you 're here to turn yourself in ? I 'm not sure what we did could be construed as a crime even if it were proven we were responsible . [ Man ] There 's no criminal record on file . I do not believe we caused the blackout . You shouldn 't have stood up in front of reporters and said you did . - Not my choice . - Hmm . Lloyd Simcoe tends to let his emotions run rampant . I don 't . Any idea who is responsible , then ? No . But I 'm certain if you allowed me access to your Mosaic investigation - I could divine the answer for you . - So you want to be deputized ? I 've served on panels with the National Science Foundation . I have security ... You 're confusing me with someone who gives a damn . I 'm up for giving you a listen , not a new career . How long do you think Washington will continue to fund an investigation into what caused the blackout when somebody has already stepped forward and accepted the blame ? My guess is , unless you come up with compelling evidence relatively soon , you 'll never find out what or who caused the greatest global catastrophe in human history , or if you can prevent it from happening again . How about this ? You come back tomorrow morning . I 'll have something to show you . We make some progress , I 'll see what I can do about an official role . Because I do like you , Assistant Director Wedeck I will accept your disingenuous offer . - [ # Jingle Bells plays ] - [ Phone ringing ] - [ Woman scoffs ] There he is . - [ Clears throat ] [ Woman ] It is him ! - Did you charter a flight ? - Excuse me ? I 'm Agent Hawk with the Mosaic Task Force . - Are you here to arrest me ? - Just come in and talk to us . We need information , and you need some protection . I 'm sorry . My son 's safety is my priority right now . If you 've connected me to him , it won 't be long before others do as well . I have to get him out of here . Let us help you , please . This could be an opportunity ... I 've tried to be polite , but I 'm not interested , OK ? Just leave us alone . We 're looking for a friend . She works around here , maybe eats at this restaurant . We don 't have a picture , we have a recording of her voice . I 'm wondering if you might take a listen and let us know if you recognize it . Sure . [ Woman ] I am sorry , there is no delicate way to say this , but on March 15 , 2010 , you are going to be murdered . I 'm sorry . I would remember that voice if I knew who it belonged to . Now , how about some dessert ? - Sure . Thank you . - OK . - Yeah , I saw it . - Stand outside . Make sure no one comes in . Ho ! Ho ! Ho ! Merry Christmas ! - OK . Some faloodeh . - Thank you . Your friend ? Stepped outside . Hey , sit down . Join me . The ... woman we 're looking for , she has information we need . It 's a matter of life and death . I 'm so sorry . I can 't help you with that . You have it backwards . If you can 't help , you will be sorry . [ Whispering ] You know that woman . Not so long ago , a hotel concierge named Anoush Harandi , an Iranian man , much like yourself , was taken from his home in Bangkok in the middle of the night because my government believed he had some small piece of information . His friends , his family , no one knew what happened to him . He spent two years in secret detention . My government 's gotten very good at that sort of thing . - Her name is Nhadra Udaya . - You got her name ? She comes here on the weekends , but every night she has a late dinner at a dim sum place two blocks down . Now we just have to get her to talk , one way or another . Hey , why didn 't you want me in there ? I 'm trying to protect you , Dem . If someone 's hands are gonna get dirty , let ' em be mine . We 've given these to our top-level analysts . They haven 't been able to tell us anything useful . Well , it 's a good thing I 'm smarter than they are . These are highly classified images . So we 've obscured anything that 'd indicate where they were taken . Somalia . The dip slopes in the overlying limestone , the orientation of the flora , - the shallow watercourse ... - Tell us what you see . - Are you taking the piss ? - Tell us what you see . Zoom in , please . [ Sighs ] Yeah . [ chuckles ] I designed that . That is a specialized pulsed laser for a plasma afterburner . It increases the rate of acceleration for traditional radio-frequency machines . The concept should win me a Nobel in a couple of years . I must say , the modeling software you guys use is incredibly impressive . The structure almost looks real . Hmm ... That is a real structure . And that is a real photograph . That 's not possible . The technology doesn 't exist yet . We 're still running numerical simulations . When did you come up with the idea for the laser ? '92 . Why ? Well , that photograph was taken in 1991 . That doesn 't make sense . - Who else could 've come up with this ? - No one . Your " unparalleled genius " act is wearing thin . That 's not what I mean . Look , you ask any great scientific mind what they want to achieve , and the only honest answer is immortality . If you discover something that changes the world , you live forever . So whoever designed this not only had to be brilliant , but didn 't even care about being famous . Didn 't want it . Practically fetishized their anonymity . - A recluse . A paranoid . - Exactly . We believe that this man was somehow connected to the blackout . This is a composite sketch . We know at least he was awake during the blackout , and may have been in contact with another person who was awake . We don 't even know his real name yet . But he 's using the alias " D. Gibbons . " He 's highly efficient in advanced computing equipment and particle physics simulation . Apparently , he 's been hacking into a number of high-tech facilities . He also seems to have a penchant for chess . Hmmm ... A techie , chess-playing , social misfit physicist . That should narrow it down . Have you ever seen him before at conferences or lectures ? No . But if he had anything to do with the blackout , I 'll do everything I can to help you find him . At the very least , I 'd like to give his testicles a squeeze for sharking my plasma afterburner design . I need to find somewhere where my son can be safe . Southland University Hospital . That 's less secure than this hospital . Maybe I 'm not making myself clear . You don 't seem very good at that , no . - I beg your pardon ? - The announcement this morning . You said that you caused the blackout , and then you said that you didn 't mean to . It was all kind of a jumble . In my experience , innocent people tend to speak in specifics . No , no , no . I spoke in specifics . I related a series of facts . - And now , I 'd ... - Southland University Hospital . I can transfer your son . Do you want me to ? No , I want ... I need you to find a secure facility for my son . Let 's try Travers . It 's a private children 's hospital in Glendale . - I doubt they have any beds . - They will when I make a call . Get that started , and I 'll draw up the transfer note . Be back in an hour . I don 't suppose I can expect anyone to help me for the foreseeable future . You need help , I 'll help you . [ Woman ] " And I , John , saw the holy city , new Jerusalem , coming down from God out of heaven prepared as a bride adorned for her husband . " We 're here tonight to say a final goodbye to Joyce . - [ Demetri ] And you saw me there ? - Yeah . No . But I 'm positive you were . [ Woman ] Joyce 's death is a tragic loss . We 've lost a daughter , a wife , a friend . But what we must remember , what we must hold in our hearts , even when they 're as heavy as they are tonight , is that Joyce was an individual who touched each of us . - [ Indistinct chattering ] - [ Horns honking ] [ Up-tempo music plays softly ] It looks like we found her . OK . [ Speaks foreign language ] You shouldn 't have come here . - You called me , remember ? - That was a mistake , clearly . You being here , now , you 've set things in motion that will end very badly for you . Can we just skip over all the other histrionic action movie clichés ? 'Cause I 'm way too jet-lagged to deal with any of that right now . [ Demetri ] Tell me who you are . I can 't . Why 'd you call me ? I was trying to warn you . You don 't know me . Why do you care if I live or die ? Your death is the first in a long line of dominos that I 'd rather not see fall down . - So help us stop it from happening . - I can 't . You can ... by telling us . If I tell you more , the act of telling you may end up bringing about the unfortunate incident we 're all trying to avoid . I 'm willing to take that risk . I said you will be shot three times . Shots at close range . Which means I probably know my killer . In fact , you do . He 's sitting at this table right now . You , Agent Benford . You will kill Agent Noh on March 15th with the very gun I assume you 're carrying right now . A Sig Sauer , model P226 . On the call , you said you didn 't know who killed me , and now you do . I lied , ' cause I didn 't want to bring about the incident which I told you about . How could you possibly know ? A561984 . And ... what is that ? The serial number of your gun . It will be your gun , Agent Benford . And you will pull the trigger . And then again , and then again . You could have found the serial number , hacked into the Bureau 's gun registry . Agent Noh , how many times have you interrogated a suspect ? Look into my eyes . Your partner is going to kill you ... intentionally . Why would I do that ? Hmm ? Why ? Presumably , in the next few months , a reason will present itself . You 've got what you 've come for . - No . I have more questions . - I am done giving you answers . It 's time for you to leave . Don 't . - [ Screams ] - [ Plates shattering ] You 're coming with us , right now . Move , move ! - Move ! - What are we doing , Mark ? - What are we doing ? - Cover me ! - Down the stairs ! Now ! - Down ! Come on , come on , come on ! - [ Demetri ] What 's the play ? - [ Mark ] Trust me , I got it ! - [ Demetri ] What 's the play ? - [ Mark ] Damn it ! [ Sirens wailing ] Back off , now ! - [ Tires screeching ] - [ Indistinct shouting ] [ Man ] Put the gun down ! [ Panting ] Hey , Mark . This woman is a material witness to a murder . - There 's been no murder . - But there will be . Will there , Agent Benford ? Let her go . Mark . Nhadra , have your men lower their guns . Now . - [ Grunts ] - [ Man ] All the way down ! Don 't move ! - [ Panting ] This isn 't over . - It never is . [ Man ] Put your hands behind your back ! [ Handcuffs locking ] [ # Wonderful Christmas Time plays ] Mr. Simcoe . Hey . I have Dylan 's transfer papers . - Sorry for all the red tape . - I appreciate it . Especially after the inconvenience I 've caused you . You didn 't do anything wrong . - You ready to get Dylan checked out ? - Yep . You really think there won 't be another blackout ? Not unless we recreate the exact conditions of our experiment , no . That was an incredibly brave thing you did , coming forward like that , taking responsibility . I think the line between brave and stupid 's a pretty blurry one . Oh , I didn 't say it wasn 't stupid . All the same , I 'd like to think I did it for the right reasons . - So you went to Harvard in ' 98 ? - Yeah . It was one of the best times in my life . I was doing my doctorate . I had this beautiful apartment above a cigar shop . - Leavitt and Peirce ? - Yeah , that 's the one . I was supposed to go to Harvard in ' 98 . And I was gonna live in the building next door . - Why didn 't you ? - Mark got his job with the Bureau and he was transferred to Los Angeles , so I decided to be with him instead . My wife moved into that building . That 's how I met her . Wow . So , uh , if I had gone , we probably would have met . Have you heard of the Many-Worlds Interpretation ? No . It was coined by a physicist called Hugh Everett . The idea is , anything that could have happened in our past actually did happen in some other universe . So all those alternate decisions and choices you made are still playing themselves out on other worlds . If you buy the theory , I suppose in some other universe , you did go to Harvard . And we did meet . But , of course , that 's not the world we live in . No . - Thank you , again , for this . - Sure . You 're both very lucky men . I saved your lives , helped avoid an international incident . Why are you keeping us from her ? You don 't need to know what Nhadra knows . Let me get you on your flight . It 's just a friendly service Legats provides . You 're not Legats . If you were Bureau , you never would 've let us get off the plane . After what went down in that alley , this whole thing stinks like a company job . Well , we prefer the term " Central Intelligence Agency . " I hate to break it to you , but Mosaic is bigger than you . Bigger than the FBI , bigger than any country 's intelligence organization . You 're just a ... a tiny speck , Mark . A flake of dandruff on the nape of this thing 's neck . But if it would make you feel better to take a swing at me , then go right ahead . It 's not like you got anything else to lose . [ Cell phone rings ] That call ... I would take . [ Wedeck ] Know what I 'm staring at ? I 'm watching the security camera feed of your amazing pooch-screw in Hong Kong . - Stan ... - Shut up . It was to me by the damn US Ambassador to China . So I 'm calling to congratulate you . You 've succeeded in changing the future . [ Mark ] Yeah , I got it . Here . Wedeck 's orders . Looks like we finally have something in common . Neither of us are FBI . [ Nhadra ] They have been following you ever since you destroyed that doll factory . Coming here was a mistake . I can 't protect you . Then I 'll just have to find someone who can . [ Doorbell rings ] Can I come in ? Mrs. Noh , I understand why you didn 't wanna talk to me about our wedding . - Zoey ... - We need to talk about this about what I saw . You were there ... with Mr. Noh . I didn 't see Demetri . And I realized something . No matter how much I begged you you 'd never come to our wedding . - Zoey ... But you wouldn 't miss your son 's funeral . Why didn 't you tell us ? Talking about it with you with anyone , that would make it real . Maybe before all this , we would have had difficulties with you marrying our son . But what I saw that day , that moment the love you have for Demetri ... I want you to know we see things differently now . And we 'd be proud for you to be a part of our family . We wish that was the future . We wish that more than anything . We can do more than wish , Mrs. Noh . We can change the future . [ # John Lennon : Happy Xmas ( War Is Over ) ] [ Man ] Answer one question . Are these the shadows of things that will be , or that may be ? Spirit , hear me ! I 'm not the man I was . Why show me this if I am past all hope ? Assure me that I may yet change these shadows that you 've shown me by an altered life . I will live in the past , the present and the future , and not shut out the lessons that they teach ! And tell me that I may sponge away the ... I 'm sorry . What are you sorry for ? It 's my murder . My problem . Meanwhile , I 'm sitting here with your badge in my pocket . I 'm not gonna shoot you , Dem . And I 'm not gonna let this investigation kill you , either . No matter what happens . Smile , Bryce . Haven 't you heard ? It 's the most wonderful time of year . - What 's this ? - Open it and find out . It 's a Lucky Cat . Maneki Neko in Japanese . Depending upon which paw is raised , it promises different things for your future . Well , what does the right paw indicate ? - Luck in love . - [ Chuckles ] - Thanks , Nicole . - Don 't worry . You 'll find her . I gotta go . I 'm not surveilling you again , I promise . I 'm here on a personal matter , I swear . How can I help you ? Do you remember that " not giving up " thing we were talking about earlier ? If I was to start trying now , what exactly should I be doing ? First of all , this is for a prenatal vitamin ... Um ... That 's all great . Um ... I need something a little more basic . I 'm actually gonna be doing this alone . And the whole ... " penis " thing is kind of a problem for me , 'cause ... I don 't like them . Ah ... You 're ... You 're gay . - I 'm super-gay . - Super-gay . - Yeah . - And you need a sperm bank . - Yeah . - I know of a good one . Cubitt Fertility Clinic . There 's a doctor by the name of Jane Parker . Just tell her I sent you . She 's great . Thank you , Dr. Varley . I really appreciate it . No problem . Huh . I 'm telling you , you 're gonna love the ambulance , Dylan . Mr. Simcoe , I 'm John . My partner , Reed . We 'll be transporting you and your son . - Thank you . - [ Olivia ] All ready to go ? - Dr. Benford . - Came to see the two of you off , make sure everything went OK . You ready for your trip , little man ? Yeah , he 's ready . He 's just a little shy . I 'm not sure if you 've had your training , but Dylan 's autistic . - We 've had training . - [ Olivia ] OK , good . Sweetie , you ready to get in the ambulance with these guys and your dad ? Come on , let 's do it . There we go . Yeah . It 's gonna be fun . I 've got a secret for you . Cool people call them " ambos . " - Ambos ? - Ambos . That 's right . - Ambos . - That 's right . You 're gonna go for a ride in the ambo . - No . - [ Olivia ] OK . All right . - No restraints . Just on the legs . - It 's all right , buddy . Bye , Dylan . I 'll miss you , kiddo . See you in a sec . Thanks , guys . So I guess this is the part where we , huh ... Wish each other ... a nice life ? Something like that . Come here . So the Many-Worlds theory that you talked about earlier , - is that something you believe in ? - Well , many physicists do these days . You didn 't answer the question . And out of respect , I 'm I 'm not going to . Thank you again , Olivia . And goodbye . - Oh ... Hold on . Hold on , bud . - Wait , wait . Hang on there . Easy . - Get his legs in . - No ambo . Hey , guys ! Let go of his arm ! You said you were trained ... We don 't have time for this . Come on , lady . We 're on a schedule . Excuse me ? Bill , can you get down here ? - Yeah . - [ Olivia ] I don 't know what 's going on , but ... - [ indistinct screaming ] - [ Lloyd ] No , no , no ! - No , no ! Please , don 't hurt her ! - Get in the van , Mr. Simcoe . - I 'll come with you ! Please ! - Get in the van ! - Go ! - [ Dylan screaming ] No ! Dylan ! It 's gonna be OK . - [ Shrieks ] - [ Dylan ] No ! No ! Dad ! No , Dad ! - Dad ! - Shh ... - Shh ... - [ sobbing ]
