 [ Wedeck ] Previously on FlashForward : [ Woman ] All we know for certain is that everyone on the planet seemed to have blacked out at exactly the same time . You shut off the consciousness of the entire human race - for two minutes , 17 seconds . - I didn 't just lose consciousness . It felt more like I was having a memory , only it was of the future . The same thing happened to me . You 're saying everyone 's consciousness just jumped forward - six months ? - Crazy as that sounds , yeah . Priority number one : Finding out what caused this . In my flash forward , I seemed to have an idea why all of this was happening . I was getting a prenatal sonogram . I 'm obviously not pregnant . I was with another man . I 've never seen him before . I didn 't see a thing . What if I didn 't see anything because six months from now I 'm gonna be dead ? - What do you got in your hand ? - Something I made for you . - What do you got ? - We got an eight-year-old boy . Car plowed straight through a fence at an elementary school . - You 're gonna be OK , honey . - I know , Olivia . How 'd you know my name ? - [ Janis ] There . Look there . - No way . Who the hell is that ? And why are they awake ? - I 'm sorry , you are ? - His father , Lloyd Simcoe . [ Children sing Ring Around the Rosy ] [ Singing continues ] Time 's up ! [ Boy ] That was so cool ! - What did you see ? - Me and my family were at Disneyland . - [ Girl ] What did you see ? - [ Boy ] I saw a pony . - [ Boy ] I was eating ice cream . - What did you see ? [ Charlie ] None of your business . - It 's Blackout . Everyone has to play . - I don 't want to . You have to tell . That 's the rule . - Hey ! Give him back ! - Not until you tell ! - [ Tearing noise ] - [ Grunts ] Charlie ! Charlie ! Charlie , you know we don 't hit at school ! - You 're coming with me , young lady . - [ Grunts ] Charlie , get back here ! Charlie ! Charlie ! Charlie ! - [ Tires screeching ] - [ Horn honking ] [ Helicopter blades whirring ] [ Indistinct radio chatter ] I 've been struggling ever since I had the visions . They say we 're supposed to live our lives one day at a time . But how am I supposed to do that with the future breathing down my neck ? Every day just brings me closer to what I saw . And it seems like I can 't avoid it . And , uh , there you are staring back at me . - Guy 's hammered . - Not one of you has answers , do you ? No , you don 't . Because there are no answers . - Because this program 's a joke . - I got an answer for you . You need to take a walk . Cool down a little , spare us the rest of your bender . Look , I hated seeing that as much as you did , but you know you never interrupt another person 's share . I 'm sorry , but loaded and sharing ? The guy was pushing my buttons . - I 've been dealing with some stuff . - So is he . I know you 're worried about Olivia . You 're worried you 're gonna fall off the wagon in the future . He 's gone and done it now . What 's the difference ? You 're both struggling . Look at all these people . Every one of them 's dealing with the same thing we are . The future . Only difference is , most of them don 't have a support group to help them cope with what they saw . Maybe it was good , maybe it was bad . Maybe it was inexplicable . The point is , it happened to everyone . Every single human being on the planet . I saw my daughter alive . Explain that . You can walk up to any one of these strangers and ask , " What did you see ? " And they 'd know exactly what you were talking about . When in the history of the world has that ever happened ? We 're all prophets now . Six agents resigned this morning . It 's a grand total of 18 in the past three days . Now , I know we 're all more than a little freaked out right now . Everybody in this building is scared or hopeful or confused about what they saw . But unlike everybody outside this building , we have a responsibility to put all that aside because we 're the ones people look to when their world goes to pieces . [ Applause ] Wow . It was worth taking military transport from Washington for that little speech . Deputy Secretary Anastasia Markham . Homeland Security . I heard there was an FBI field office which appointed themselves solely responsible for investigating the blackout . If there 's another office or agency that had a vision of this investigation and has more information than we do , let me know . - [ Cell phone buzzing ] - And I 'll send them our case file . Excuse me . Problem at my daughter 's school . [ Olivia ] What were they doing when it happened ? [ Woman ] They were playing Blackout . It 's the same kind of role-playing that we saw after 9l11 and Katrina . Sorry . I can 't believe she 's all that different from the other children . The other children , they 're talking about what they saw , just like the rest of us . But the fact that Charlie hasn 't suggests something deeper . So is everything OK at home ? I was with another man . Yeah . We 're fine . Has she discussed anything that she might 've seen ? We 're taking the " she 'll tell us when she 's ready to " approach . You might consider rethinking that and asking her . [ Children laughing ] [ Mark ] Look , obviously neither of us want to talk about this . But ? Charlie wasn 't in my flash forward . I 'm assuming she was at home with you . Just say it , Mark . - You saw another man . Somebody who ... - I 've never even met . Someone who , even if I did meet , I 'd turn around and walk the other way . You have to believe that . But in your vision you were involved with him . You said you had feelings for him . And he was in our house . What if Charlie saw the same guy , too ? - We don 't know what Charlie saw . - It was ten at night . She had to have been home . Come on . It 's the most likely scenario , and we both know it . She 's upset ' cause she thinks her family 's gonna fall apart . I 'm not gonna let that happen . I 'm not gonna let some man I 've never even met come in and threaten what we have , what we 've built together . - It 's not gonna happen . - Of course not . But it doesn 't change the fact that we 've gotta show Charlie that Mom and Dad are still good . Are we good , Olivia ? Well , I met with a divorce attorney this morning . That 's funny , I met with mine last night . - Eh , so we 're a disaster . - DEFCON One , at least . - Like DEFCON Plus One . - Yeah , if it exists . It 's gonna take a hell of a lot more than fate if you wanna get rid of me . We 're gonna beat this , Olivia . [ Anastasia ] Now , let me get this right . You took it on yourself to use Bureau funds to make a website ? We 've been calling it the Mosaic Collective . And what the website does is it asks people to post what they saw during their visions . Now , in the 17 hours since the site has gone live , we 've gotten over six hundred thousand responses . So far , it confirms the theory that if you put the descriptions of people 's visions together , you do start to get a definitive picture , a mosaic , of April 29th . Now , we 're using NSA 's ECHELON network algorithm to intercept any suspicious words and to look for patterns . Now , the hope is those patterns will eventually lead to an explanation of what caused the blackout so we can at least prevent another one . You 're spending millions of dollars on a hope ? Mm-hmm . Comforting . But how can you be sure ? What makes you think that this was a scheduled event ? Well , the blackout happened at exactly 11 am , Pacific Daylight Time . There 's 60 minutes in an hour , 60 seconds in a minute , so the chances of something happening at exactly the top of any hour are one in 3,600 . In other words , the odds of this happening by chance - are vanishingly remote . - I could give you a list as long as my arm of unscheduled events happening to coincide with the top of an hour . Exactly . Right now , this is all supposition . Some people are saying that aliens did this . Other people are saying it 's the Rapture . But the United States government is not going to contribute to it with unsupported accusations , theories and hypothetical flights of fancy . - All right , what 's this ? - Our hypothetical flight of fancy . This was taken at Detroit 's Oxide Super Stadium about midway through the blackout . Far as we know , this is the only person on the planet awake at that time . - Awake ? - [ Wedeck ] Mm-hmm . We don 't know how he or she is immune or why . But , obviously , it 's gotten our attention now it 's gotten yours , as well . - [ Siren wailing ] - What 's all that , Mommy ? Uh , these are pictures of people that other people are looking for . 'Cause they 're lost ? Well , uh , everybody 's still cleaning up . When they 're done , everybody 'll be found . - Really ? Are you sure ? - Yeah ! Super-special sure . Let 's go . Hey . Oh , It 's in here somewhere . OK , sweetie , let 's go . Just like we said in the car . - You 're gonna be super good . - Yes , Mommy . I 'm gonna find Debbie , she 's gonna help take care of you . - Then we 're gonna ... - Charlie . What are you doing here ? We had a little incident at school , babysitter 's gone AWOL . - What have we got ? - Admits are leveling off , good because we 're out of hallways to put beds in . How about that truck driver ? Get him extubated ? Yeah , and his stats are holding . Also , Mr. Simcoe , father of the MVA boy , he 's been asking for you . I gotta try and get there . It 's all I can do - to get out of the OR at the moment . - What about Squirrelio ? He 's hurt ! Intensive care ? - You 're hurting him , Mom . - I 'm making him better . You know what would really help his recovery is ten CCs of milk and cookies . Stat ! Do you think you can do that for me , doctor ? Nice . Go find Debbie . - Dr. Benford , I presume ? - Mm-hmm . I 'm Lloyd Simcoe . - Oh , this is awkward . - Well , it doesn 't have to be . Simple apology for avoiding my son 's bedside , and we can move right along . I 'm sorry . You and I have never met ? Yeah . That 's the general objection I was trying to convey . Sorry , I have to make a call . I 've been camped out at my son 's bedside for three days , waiting to meet this mysterious surgeon who apparently saved his life . I am so sorry . It 's just , ever since the blackout , I 'm completely slammed with work . So , that 's why . I can tell . I 'm sure your son has a favorite toy . I really don 't know , honestly . Um ... Well , his condition makes him a little hard to read . - He 's autistic . - Oh , where is he on the spectrum ? I 'm not all that familiar with the terminology . Uh , Dylan 's mother and I separated soon after he was diagnosed , and ... Well , to make matters worse , his mother , my wife , uh , - she died during the blackout . - I heard that . I 'm so sorry . Thank you . Uh , actually , I still haven 't worked up the courage to give Dylan the news ... Oh , so sorry . Um , and I still have a fair number of questions regarding his condition . Sure . Well , you are in excellent hands with Dr. Varley . He can really answer most of your questions . Right . Oh , um ... Very best of luck with the procedure . [ Woman on PA ] Dr. Crane to radiology . Dr. Crane to radiology . [ Elevator bell rings ] Hey . Everything OK with Charlie ? - Yeah . It 's fine . - Where 'd you get that ? - Oh , Charlie made it for me . - Was it the same one from your vision ? - Yeah . - And you 're wearing it . You don 't have kids . Charlie 's in free-fall right now . Last thing I need is her freaking out because I wouldn 't accept her gift . Well , then do something that doesn 't involve wearing it . What 's your problem , Dem ? You putting on that bracelet , it 's like saying you want the future to happen . Believe me , I don 't . Well , let 's be honest about why you 're so worked up here . It 's not my future you 're worried about . It 's yours . What if I didn 't see anything because six months from now I 'm gonna be dead ? You 're panicked over what might happen . But if these flash forwards really are a window into the future , then we gotta do everything we possibly can to use them to our advantage . What about D. Gibbons ? We made headway with the name ? There 's about 15,000 D. Gibbons worldwide , 4,000 in the US , and of those about 1,000 have criminal records . Bureau 's working with some local PD 's to knock on doors , - but it 's gonna take some time . - Well , we don 't have time . We don 't know if D. Gibbons is important . Remember that . That name was on my office wall six months from now . This person 's important . Hey . You guys ready to have your world rocked ? You know our person of interest , D. Gibbons ? Well , she just strolled into our office asking for an Agent Demetri Noh . Let 's just start from the beginning . Uh , my name is Didi Gibbons , short for Deirdre . I 'm 45 years old . I live in Anaheim , and I own a cupcake store , Didelicious Cupcakes . I brought some . Peanut butter chip , carrot cake and red velvet . They 're quite good . Well , I 've never been arrested . I 've never had so much as a speeding ticket or anything like that , and ... [ exhales heavily ] But I 'm nervous . You 're already investigating me , and ... and I haven 't done anything yet . Or I won 't . Did you see something in your flash forward ? It was so strange . I was in my store and I was arguing on the phone with someone . I don 't know anything about any cockadoodie pigeons ! I was getting very angry . I was so snippy , and ... You need to talk to Agents Benford and Noh . They 're with the FBI . Criminy , it is Noh ! N-O-H . It 's his last name ! Chinese or Mongolese or one of , one of the " ese . " Asian ! I don 't know ! Just leave me alone ! That one 's good . In my church , we 've been talking about these visions . What they might mean . And my pastor suggested I contact you . So I called the FBI offices until I found an Agent Noh . It 's Korean , by the way . [ Whispers ] I 'm a good person . She could be lying . Can 't just take people at their word - when they talk about what they saw . - She look like she was lying ? No , but it 's pretty convenient , her walking in here like this with the cupcakes and the snippy and the ... and the pigeons . Could be nothing , could be the key that unlocks everything . According to your years of investigating global blackouts , right ? Mark 's right . At this point , any detail could be significant . Run a background check . I 'm gonna log these into , uh , evidence . - [ Mark ] Hey . - Yes ? Since we 're running down details , why don 't we circle back on what you saw ? I told you . I was in a meeting . Yeah , but like Demetri said , I can 't just take your word for it . In my flash forward , gunmen were coming into the office . If you were in a meeting , you were here , you might 've seen something . - But I didn 't see anything . - How can you be sure ? What ? All right . I wasn 't in a meeting . I was having a bowel movement . - Sorry I asked . - No , no , no , no , no , no . You wanted it , now you 're gonna get the blow-by-blow . Wait , it gets better , ' cause I was also on the can when the blackout happened . When I woke up , I didn 't know what happened . I 'd banged my head against the side of the stall . I was out of it . Rafalski was in the john as well . Wha ... Son of a bitch was drowning . [ Groans , grunts ] - What 'd you do ? - What do you think I did ? [ Groans ] I gave the poor bastard mouth-to-mouth . [ Moaning ] You speak about this , email , text , fax , Twitter , whatever , to anyone , I will transfer you to the ass-end of the cornfield so fast your head will spin . - You understand what I 'm saying ? - Yes , sir . - Get out . - Mouth-to-mouth ? Get out . Here we go . Full recovery . Squirrelio ! Squirrelio , you 're OK ! He 's still a little tender from his sutures . It 's my recommendation that he remain ambulatory . - Know what that means ? - Like an ambulance ? Kind of . It means " moving around . " So do you want to take a walk ? Let 's do it . I 'm gonna take extra , extra special care of you from now on . I 'm making super-special sure you 're always gonna be OK . [ Mark ] You saw another man in our living room . What if Charlie saw the same guy , too ? Hey , honey . Uh , sweetie , just wait up . Babe , you see that man there ? Have you ever seen him before ? Mm-mm . Who is he , Mommy ? He 's nobody , baby . He 's nobody . Dylan ! What happened to Dylan ? Who hurt Dylan ? Who hurt him ? - Who hurt him ? - Hey ! Baby . Honey , he 's fine . Mommy operated on him . He 's fine . - Dear heart , how do you know Dylan ? - I saw him in my dream . You did ? Where were you ? Were you at our house ? - What did you see ? Oh , babe . - Who hurt him ? How did he get hurt ? - Who hurt him ? Who hurt him ? - It 's OK . How did he get hurt ? Who hurt him ? Who hurt him ? [ Wedeck ] What did you find out about Didi Gibbons ? Well , NCIC gives her a clean bill of health . And , aside from a few parking violations , the woman is a saint . The only thing even remotely resembling any kind of hiccup are a couple of credit card charges made last week . It was two purchases on the same account at nearly the same time . One for a manicure in Newport Beach and the other at a gas station in Utah , like , two minutes later . It 's a cloned card . It 's gotta be a cloned card . Didi said she was having an argument in her flash forward , with her credit card company , maybe . ... sick to death of you people harassing me ! - Argument about pigeons ? ... cockadoodie pigeons ! Maybe the pigeon 's a person , the name of whoever stole her credit card and charged it in Utah . Fourteen people with the last name " Pigeon " in Utah . - Any criminal records ? - Not unless you include jaywalking and indecent exposure . Didi said , in her flash forward , she was arguing about pigeons . Is there someplace in Utah where , I don 't know , there 's a lot of pigeons ? Wow . That 's good . No , no . As theories go , that one 's , um , that one 's really thin . - Tell us again why you 're the boss ? - ' Cause he 's a genius . Well , there 's not a lot of pigeons in Utah . But there is one . - " Pigeon " isn 't the name of a person ... - [ Janis ] It 's a place . Pigeon , Utah . Contact the Bureau field office in Salt Lake City , and get them running this down . In the meantime , let 's see if there 's anything for us to go on . - Excuse me . - [ Wedeck ] I understand . Go ahead . - I 'm sorry . Do you have a minute ? - Sure . Uh , so , I took Charlie with me to the hospital , and she saw a boy she recognized from her vision . - Did she tell you what she saw ? - No , she just imploded . Come to see Daddy work , Charlie-bear ? - Hi , Daddy . - Hi . How are you ? Good . She seemed to really care about him . Seeing him in his hospital bed , she was , she was worried for him . Because he was in a hospital . That 's probably where she met him some time in the next six months . Maybe . What ? What 's the matter ? What 's up ? His father , the boy , his father is the man I saw . His name is Lloyd . - Lloyd Simcoe . His son is ... - His son 's your patient . But Lloyd didn 't recognize me . I 'm positive . You don 't think ? No , I 've thought about it and I realized that I saw him , but before he turned around the flash forward ended . So I don 't think he saw me . But I ... It doesn 't matter what I saw . - This man means nothing to me . - For now . Come on . That 's not fair . You can 't punish me for something - I haven 't done ... - I 'm not ... Hey . I 'm not punishing you , Livy . It 's just ... What was that man doing in our home ? I seem to remember you , uh , you told me you had feelings for him . Well , you said you were OK . Obviously , you 're not . Until three days ago , you never met this guy . Now you have . The future 's happening , Livy . What if we just saw a possible future , like a warning ? I am never gonna be unfaithful to you , Mark . We don 't know what " never " means anymore . Excuse me . Hey , we just checked with the field office near Pigeon . Didi Gibbons ' cloned card just got run . - Our Unsub bought a bus ticket . - Makes sense . - Planes are still grounded . - Ticket 's for tonight . D. Gibbons is blowing out of town . We 've got a chopper . I , uh ... I gotta go . Welcome to Pigeon . I 'm Sheriff Keegan . Mark Benford . This is Agent Noh . - How are you ? - Why is this man so important ? Did he have anything to do with the blackout ? He 's a person of interest . Well , we 've set up a stakeout across from the bus station in case he does show . It 's like an invasion . Your Salt Lake City field office practically sent an army . We 're not looking to horn in on your turf . That 's too bad . We could use someone to tell us what to do . Everyone in town is fixated on these visions they experienced . - Does that include you ? - Not exactly . It 's a little boring , but I didn 't see anything . Really ? Nothing ? Quite frankly , I 'd rather not be any other way . The people I know , the ones who say they saw their futures , they 're torturing themselves over it . Let 's go . I want to know everything we 're doing to identify this person in the stadium . What would be the point ? I thought you didn 't think this was ... What was the term you used ? " Scheduled event . " Are you going to brief me or crow about this some more ? Honestly , I don 't see why I can 't do both for a while . We 're calling him Suspect Zero . How do you even know this is a him we 're looking at ? Video forensics . Do you see how his head is the exact height of the bleacher right there ? Well , that is a six-foot wall . And using that as a reference point , and accounting for camera angle and distance , we can estimate that this person is five-eight and 150 pounds . Which make the odds of this being a female less than one in 40 . Can the image be enhanced further ? Data services has already blown out the pixels . But we 're sending it to the NSA to see if the Fort Meade supercomputers can do anything else with it . Look at him . Walking around , not a care in the world . Not the least bit surprised . Which means he knew the blackout was gonna happen . - Which means he was involved . - Conspiracy theory is comforting . It presents you with an enemy , it gives you someone to arrest , put on trial . Well , this is not a visual effect we 're looking at . This man is real . I just hope we can find him before he does something worse . [ Janis ] What 's worse than causing worldwide devastation ? Causing it twice . Hey , Dr. Varley . My son 's asking for some kind of non-hospital hamburger , you know . Wrapped in paper with a toy . Is that sanctioned , given his condition ? Actually , uh , it 's good that he 's getting his appetite back . His vitals are looking good . Your son 's a fighter . Well , he 's gonna need to be . Everything is gonna be OK , Mr. Simcoe . And how can you be so sure ? I 've seen the future . Look , I know everyone saw something different . For me , it was something positive . For others , maybe it was something bad . But , either way , I 've gotta believe ... I do believe that there 's a gift in the knowing . The test of who we are now is in what we choose to do with what we 've seen . And that 's an amazing thing . - Go for Benford . - [ Keegan ] It 's Keegan . D. Gibbons never even picked up his ticket . But you have the exits out of town roadblocked ? Sure , but he could still make it out of here on foot . For that matter , we don 't even know if it 's a he . We don 't know who we 're looking for . Damn it , I knew it ! Look , Mark , it was a good shot . OK ? But maybe these - future clues of yours are just ... - Bogus ? I wasn 't gonna be that harsh , but , yeah . It 's been a bit - of a goose chase here , man . - Tell that to Didi Gibbons . And what about this ? I saw it in my vision and it came true . Has Charlie ever made you one of those before ? - Yeah . - OK , well , then it 's not that amazing . Coincidences happen all the time . That 's why they 're called coincidences . People see patterns in tea leaves , in clouds . Come on . Let 's go home . Yo . - [ Man ] That 's it . Let 's go . - Sorry about the circus . Sorry it didn 't pan out . Sheriff , what is that place there ? Divine Doll ? A mom-and-pop operation . They went bankrupt a few months ago , along with most of the town . It 's vacant now . In my vision , there was a photo of a doll . - Next to a card with the name ... - D. Gibbons . You 're telling me that 's a coincidence , too ? You think this qualifies for probable cause ? The county judge will . He 's my father-in-law . I thought you said this place was vacant . - It 's supposed to be . - [ Guns cocking ] [ Alarm beeping ] [ Ring Around the Rosy recording playing , sung by children ] [ Multiple voices singing ] FBI ! Open up ! - Are you D. Gibbons ? Get down ! - Freeze ! Don 't move . On your knees ! Are you alone here ? On your knees ! - Don 't move ! Get down on your knees ! - Get down ! Get down ! [ Man ] He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over . What did you say ? [ Grunts ] - Officer down ! - [ Grunts ] [ Indistinct radio chatter ] All right , fellas , take it away . Excuse me , could I take a look at the photo you took ? Thanks . - Shooter 's in the wind . - Dem , I 'm sorry about Keegan . - I know what you must be thinking ... - Could we talk about that later ? All we got now is a cell phone and a white queen . So who was our Bobby Fischer playing chess with ? Exactly . Chess pieces . Dolls . What the hell was he doing here , Dem ? ERT guys ' best guess is he was doing some heavy-duty computer hacking . According to data forensics , our guy has been super busy since the blackout . Been hacking into nets all over the world . VLA in New Mexico , particle collider at CERN , GPS network . He even tried to hack into Mosaic through the NSA . Why ? I think he was ruling out possible causes . I don 't think we 're the only ones investigating why the blackout happened . Dr. Benford . Your patient pulled through , I see . [ Chuckles ] I 'm sorry I didn 't get to see your son today . I was really busy . All human patients , I swear . I should get her home . I 've been sitting here , thinking of a way to tell my son ... that his mother is dead . Well , however you tell him , just be sure to tell him you love him . Is parenting really that simple ? It 's the only simple part . Take care , Mr. Simcoe . [ # Nick Drake : Place to Be ] [ Lloyd ] I 'm back , Dylan . Now , there 's something I 've been putting off telling you , because I wanted you to get better first . And you know what ? You really are getting better . I guess you 're ... I guess you 're wondering why your mother hasn 't come to see you yet . She ... She 's not here . Yeah , that 's ... Yeah , that 's right . You see , Dylan , um ... When the blackout happened , when everyone fell asleep your mother never woke up again . She was in an accident , and she , um ... She died ? Yeah . It 's just you and me now , kiddo . But we 're gonna be OK . I love you . I wanna see Olivia . 3 : 00am , guys . I was just about to fall asleep . What 's going on ? What 's going on is that I 'm eating crow . Tell him . I managed to pull the imei number off the cell you and Mark recovered from Utah . And , as it turns out , D. Gibbons made a series of six calls . Five right before the blackout to another disposable cell . A lot of people made calls before the blackout . Mark was on the phone with you . Yeah , I know . But the sixth call was placed 30 seconds into the blackout . I traced it to another cell . D. Gibbons was on the phone with somebody else during the blackout . Yes , but not just any somebody . The second call was placed to someone within range of three cell phone towers , allowing me to triangulate a position . Let me ask you this . What kind of a place has multiple towers to handle increased cell traffic ? - A baseball stadium . - Yup . D. Gibbons was talking to Suspect Zero . And then there were two . - How many postings so far ? - Nine hundred thousand and counting . This site 's taken on a life of its own . Everybody 's got a story , just trying to corroborate what they saw . I feel like an idiot . I 've been ragging on Mark about all this future stuff , but ... I gotta admit , these clues on his board , seems like they 're actually panning out . Look who 's up late . Or early , depending on your perspective . Hi . Ginger-coconut . Blue Hawaiian . - Ah . - Nothing says gratitude - like tropical flavoring . - Thank you , thank you . We didn 't really do anything . You don 't think that saving my credit score and my peace of mind - isn 't anything ? Thank you . - [ Demetri ] Well , thank you . Enjoy your sugar rush , but get back to work . [ Demetri ] Mmm . Ooh . Flash forward to my ass ballooning two sizes . Yeah , but you saw yourself pregnant , so your fat ass gets a pass . [ Demetri laughs ] You know , it 's so funny . I 've never had that " ticking clock " feeling . You know , I 've never even had the urge to have a baby . But there I was . Some blond woman giving me an ultrasound . This sonographer , maybe she saw you , too . Maybe she 's out there somewhere , waiting for you to post something . Yeah , why not ? [ Exhales heavily ] - I wanna know . - It 's a girl . OK . There . Your turn . I didn 't see anything , Janis . Yeah , you know , some people just think that means you 'll be asleep . - Or it means I 'll be dead . - [ Janis scoffs ] I met a woman today who didn 't have a vision . Five minutes after she told me , she was shot and killed . Have you talked to Zoey about this ? In my experience , um , fiancées aren 't really big on their grooms dying before the wedding . Ruins the first dance . - Yeah . - Heavy corpse . It 's bad wedding etiquette or something . OK . If you 're gonna be dead , and that 's a big " if " don 't you kind of want to know how it happens ? I don 't know . I don 't think so . Yeah , but if you know , maybe you can prevent it . And maybe there 's somebody out there that has information that can help you . What the hell . [ Keyboard clacking ] - Hey , it 's 3 : 00 in the morning . - Didn 't want to wake you . Got back late . - Ginger ale ? - Mmm . How was Nevada ? Utah . Dead end . You all right ? At work , I 'm making moves , betting the future is gonna happen as I saw it . But here , at home , with you , us , me , I 'm praying it doesn 't . Did I do the right thing , telling you about Lloyd ? You did . We shouldn 't keep secrets from each other . Why 'd you make a fire ? No reason . [ Cell phone rings ] This is Demetri . [ Woman ] Mr. Noh , I 'm sorry to disturb you . But I 'm calling in response to your Mosaic board posting . My post ? Already ? Who is this ? How 'd you get this number ? I can 't divulge that , but I can tell you my vision involved you . Go on . In my flash forward , I was reading an intelligence briefing . And , I am sorry , there is no delicate way to say this , but on March 15th , 2010 you are going to be murdered . - You 're home , Daddy ? - Sorry , sweetie . I didn 't mean to wake you . Go back to sleep . - Daddy ? - Yeah , hon ? The reason I was bad at school it 's ' cause the other kids were saying the flash forwards are gonna come true . Only the good ones , honey . I promise . So if the bad ones aren 't gonna come true , why did people have them ? Think of them like a warning . You know , like when Mommy 's driving and the traffic light turns yellow ? It means there 's a stop sign coming ahead . So we don 't crash . Exactly . I don 't understand my warning . What do you mean ? Did you see something scary ? D. Gibbons is a bad man .
