 [ Wedeck ] On October 6th , the planet blacked out for two minutes and 17 seconds . The whole world saw the future . You know , I 've never even had the urge to have a baby . There I was . - I don 't even have a boyfriend . - I know you 're worried about Olivia . You 're worried you 're gonna fall off the wagon in the future . You want to prevent your future and save your marriage , first step isn 't keeping secrets from your wife . Remember that hacker , Mr. Cheeto-dust ? Give him a call . - Is Somalia really that important ? - Yeah . We 've been so worried the blackout might happen again , we haven 't stopped to ask ourselves what if it happened before ? - [ Demetri ] Thanks , man . - [ Mark ] All things being equal , it wouldn 't have been the worst thing in the world if I hadn 't ... - Forget it . Forget it . - I just want you to know , the details I do remember , I remember clearly . Fabulous . Look , just keep your mouth shut . You tell anyone else about this , and we are DOA . [ Dialing phone ] Hey . Just wanted to share some good news with you . Even though the whole trip 's been a bit of a disaster , Wedeck pulled some kind of rabbit . Who knows ? Maybe he wouldn 't have had to ... [ tires screech ] - Get down ! - Go , go , go , go ! Senate hearings I understand . But what I don 't get is them dragging us down here first thing in the morning . If you ask me , this whole thing is one big Chinese fire drill . - Hey . - That inappropriate for the workplace ? No , no . It 's cool . I know how you old people are . - [ Door opens ] - Demetri Fordis Noh ? What do you want me for ? I didn 't see anything . I told you in my affidavit , man . Doesn 't mean you were telling the truth when you gave it . [ Door closes ] [ Mark ] I was alone . I didn 't think there was anyone else in the building . I didn 't think anyone else was in the building . It was late . 10 : 00pm . I was working in my office . I was working late . I was leaving for the night . I was headed out the security exit . I don 't know why . Maybe because it was late . Did you see anyone else during your flash forward ? - No . - Yes . I saw two men , both wearing masks , both carrying Kalashnikovs . Did you recognize the men ? I did mention they were wearing masks , right ? - How 's it going over there ? - [ Aaron ] How 's it going in D.C. ? Well , they don 't think I 'm a traitor . Those lie detectors can be fooled , right ? Seriously , how 's it going over there ? Well , I 've just about figured out what 's wrong with your alarm system . And you 're welcome . I fixed that hack repairjob you did on your garage door . - You 're a full-service sponsor . - Yeah . And Charlie now knows how to drive a stick . So now that you 're off the hot seat , when can we expect to see you back ? Wedeck 's testifying in these hearings . I 'm gonna help Demetri with document support . Sounds exciting . I 'm the one who started the office on this Mosaic path , and I 'm feeling a whole lot of pressure to be right about it . D.C. ' s got AA meetings too , you know . Might not be a bad idea to go and find one . I 'll take it under advisement . In the meantime , see if you can 't get Charlie into a few colleges - while I 'm gone . - Go to a meeting . [ Vreede ] Very cloak and dagger , just like the movies . What 's all this stuff , anyway ? Evidence . Wedeck thinks he needs it for his Senate testimony . He 's afraid they 're gonna take away our funding , in which case , Mosaic is dead in the water . You know , I 've never seen Wedeck with a stick so far up his ass . Yeah , he hates D.C. He used to live here . Apparently , it left a bad taste in his mouth . You ask me , he 's a dude with something to prove . [ # Harrison The Majestic Kind : Can You Find Me Love ] [ Exhales deeply ] You 're getting better . No , you 're getting older . - It 's good to see you . - You too . - It 's been too long , Stan . - Yeah . Who said the Senate Intelligence Committee hearings - weren 't good for anything ? - I say it on a daily basis . - Look , Dave , these hearings ... - Relax . This is Congress masturbating to the sound of its own voice . Really ? ' Cause my understanding is these hearings are gonna redistribute a lot of funding . And funding is what I need . Stan , nobody 's gonna take anything from you . Look , our Mosaic investigation 's already paying off . We 're starting to get a real picture of April 29th and what caused the blackout . But it 's gonna take money . And it wouldn 't hurt to have a big dog on my side . - You don 't want me as your friend . - Why ? Clemente 's chairing these hearings , you remember ? You didn 't know that ? You think I 'd even set foot in D.C. If I did ? All right , I would 've . Because this is that important , Dave . - [ Chuckles ] - What ? No , it 's just that the " trusty Boy Scout " is funny coming from you . Huh . You would know . [ Both grunt ] [ All shouting , grunting ] [ Man shouts ] Hey . That was a pretty impressive move back there . I mean , you almost knocked the wind out of me . - I 'm sorry . You OK ? - Yeah . You know , no problem . So Enter the Dragon is playing at the Nuart tonight . I thought maybe we could check it out . Oh . Sorry . I already have plans tonight . Oh . OK . Uh , maybe another time . Yeah . Maybe , yeah . Yeah . I 'll catch you guys later . Bye . Bye . What a douche . What 's his name ? And more importantly , does he have a brother ? I don 't know . I 'm still wading in . Good morning . Here you go , sunshine , - your very own haystack . - What is this ? Eighteen years ' worth of satellite imagery from southern Somalia , courtesy of the Central Intelligence Agency . I thought you and Mark got shut down on that . We got un-shut . Oh . Upload whatever 's on here , and we 'll start poring through it . Poring through it for what ? Anything that relates to the crow die-off in ' 91 , especially if we can substantiate reports that people lost consciousness in the Ganwar region during that time . Bonus points if we can find something that gives Wedeck extra ammo in Washington . Anything to keep our happy investigation going ? I 'm on it . - Where 's Benford ? - Back at the hotel . He said photo-ops make him constipated . Tell him to get in line . I wish my fifth-grade teacher could see me now . Always said I 'd either end up dead or in prison . There 's still time , my friend . There 's still time . [ Cameras click ] Ladies and gentlemen of the press , the president will make a brief statement . At the conclusion of the statement , the president will answer a limited number of questions . Ladies and gentlemen , the president of the United States . Good afternoon , ladies and gentlemen . Please ... Please be seated . Be seated , please . So if you want to understand why the Senate hearings were closed , you 'd have to ask a senator . But I 'm willing to wager it 's because national security issues will be discussed . Next question . - [ People shouting ] - Scott . Mr. President , three weeks since the blackouts , and there 's still no centralized agency to deal with the consequences . What is your response to critics who say that your administration hasn 't learned from the lessons of 9l11 and Katrina ? Well , today 's hearings have been convened to address just this issue . We 're coordinating our responses , we 're redirecting funds to the most promising leads , and we 're dropping investigations which are not producing results . When I finalize my vice-presidential choice , he or she will supervise these efforts . Thank you , all . Thanks , everyone . Why aren 't you sharing what you saw in your flash forward , Mr. President ? Mr. Obregon , like many other world leaders , I 'm following the policy of not revealing what I saw . Mr. President . Sir , I 'm sorry to wake you , but something 's happened . I 'm thinking about the present , not the future , Oscar . We have too much to do . Thank you , all . [ People shouting ] Mr. Wedeck , please follow me . [ Aaron ] OK , all I need is a new code . Uh , 0-3-1-2 . Wedding anniversary . You sure you don 't want to pick something that Mark will remember ? - How 's it going in Washington ? - Not great . Mark called . - He sounds stressed . - I 'm sure he 'll do fine . - You don 't seem so sure . - I don 't know . This case has him traveling a lot . He 's away from home , his support system , you know . So I overheard you both talking about him going to meetings in Washington . - Is he having a hard time ? - It was just a friendly reminder . It 's just that the last time Mark had a problem , he was away from home , testifying in one of his cases . - He 'd just been promoted at work . - This is a little different . I think it 's exactly the same . - And even if it wasn 't , it would ... - Look , I get it . Things have been stressful for both of you . I guess Mark told you about my flash forward ? Of course . Anyway , he 's just fixated now on the idea that in six months ' time , I 'm gonna be sleeping with another man . Which is insane . But his whole job depends on these flash forwards coming true , so ... Mark 's an alcoholic , Olivia . He doesn 't need a reason to drink . He drinks because he drinks . I know . If you 're asking me whether I think he 's gonna take a drink ... I am . Are you asking for him or for you ? I don 't know . I love him , Aaron . I just ... I know I can 't control him . That 's the hardest part about all of this . Trust always is with an alcoholic . But if you can 't trust Mark , who can you trust ? Let me guess ... You remembered you owe me and had a change of heart about helping me out . Stan , we 're not on the campaign trail anymore . And inside the Beltway , well you have to be a little subtler about calling in our chits . I got out of the Beltway , if you recall . - Yeah . - Mm-hm . Well , you 're right about me owing you one and you 're right about me helping you out . But my plan is gonna bring you right back in the Beltway . I always felt really bad that I couldn 't bring you on board initially . It 's fine . Everything worked out . You know , the Chinese view chaos as opportunity . And the blackout gives me the chance to pay you back . Director of Homeland Security . A member of my cabinet . I 'm pretty sure Clemente 'll block my appointment . Clemente 's got bigger fish to fry . Think about it . There 's no rush . Thank you . This is like the sixth course . What are you , a food critic or something ? Chef , actually . This is my restaurant . - Well , the one where I work . - Wow . Your being FBI , I 'm guessing you 're not ... Out ? No . I work for the federal government and they 're not too big on trusting gays with guns . Who knows ? Maybe six months from now , we 'll all be more enlightened . I mean , in my flash forward I 'm here in the restaurant , but I have a wedding band on my finger . [ Laughs ] That was way too much information , especially for a first date . No , no , no no . Maybe it 's a sign of how well this is going . Help me change the subject . What did you see in your flash forward ? Well , I was on the International Space Station having a three-way with Hillary Clinton and Sarah Palin . Really ? Actually , did I say I was in the restaurant ? I meant I was on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire and Angelina Jolie was the game show host . Oh , you slut . Yeah , Angie 'd just asked me the million-dollar question . I went to phone a friend , you , but you didn 't answer . So my Millionaire moment was gone . Well , I don 't buy that . What , that Angelina Jolie would be a game show host ? No . That I would ever let you down like that . [ Woman ] Well , actually , Senator Clemente , the FOA , the EPA and the CDC have all ruled out psychotropic pharmaceuticals in the global water supply as a potential cause of the consciousness shift . [ Man ] An alien intelligence may have been at work here , yes . That 's what we 're thinking . China . Can you elaborate , Director Keller ? China 's population numbers 1.3 billion , yet they suffered fatalities of less than half a percent during the blackout . No mystery . When the blackout happened , it was two in the morning over there . Everybody was asleep . That doesn 't strike you as a bit convenient ? They 're practically untouched , while America suffers the greatest number of casualties per capita of any country in the world . It is the CIA 's belief that this was not an accident . We believe that this was a targeted event designed to bring about the collapse of our government . [ Woman ] Let 's take a short recess . Then we 'll hear from Stanford Wedeck , field director of the FBI 's Los Angeles office . Agent Wedeck is currently running an interesting investigation that has diverged significantly from the methodology employed by the rest of the Bureau . [ Wedeck ] It 's all Kabuki theater . Now I remember what I hate about D.C. , what this place turns me into . [ Felicia ] Stan , just remember who you are . This whole thing will blow over and you 'll be home before you know it . - Enjoying D.C. , Stanford ? - I 'm gonna have to call you back . - Joyce . - Senator , actually . Has anyone ever told you you 're a sore loser , Joyce ? Look who 's talking . You 're the one who got put out to pasture . Speaking of which , how do you sleep at night , knowing what you did with that woman ? Does your wife know ? If I could have proved what you did six years ago , I would be sitting behind the desk in the Oval Office right now . Well , if it makes you feel any better , I doubt you would 've gotten a second term . " If you sit by the river long enough , you 'll see the bodies of your enemies float by . " - Sun Tzu . - Get ready to float , Stanford . You wanna go after me ? You give it your best shot . - But Mosaic ... - Is a joke . Not everyone 's visions are going to come true . - Most people don 't agree . - Most people didn 't see what I did . I saw myself as president in six months . Now , as impossible as that may be , it 's a nice thought isn 't it ? How much of that did you hear ? Enough to know I don 't wanna be the guy in Joyce Clemente 's gunsights . No , you don 't . While others are using what they know of the present to explain the blackout , our office is trying to consolidate information gleaned from the flash forwards themselves . The Mosaic Collective has gathered the visions of hundreds of thousands of people all around the world , letting our office construct a picture of what the world will look like on April 29th , 2010 . A tact I believe you 've taken without prior approval or proper authorization . - It 's gotten results . - Yes , I forgot . You 're an " ends justify means " kind of guy , no matter how questionable those means may be . In this case , the means merely involve using the future we 've seen to guide our investigation of the blackout . How , exactly ? One of our agents had a flash forward of himself investigating the cause of the blackout . He remembers leads and investigatory paths that we won 't have for another six months . Those leads have already led to significant breaks in the case . " Significant " might be overstating things a little , Agent Wedeck . Still , if your entire investigation is bottomed on what this one agent saw ... Perhaps we should hear from him . I 'm the Deputy Field Director , Madam Chairman . Yes , you seem to have landed on your feet quite nicely , Mr. Wedeck . The point being , I 'm the one heading up the investigation . Not to mention the fact that Agent Benford 's already been thoroughly vetted , including submitting to a polygraph . In that case , he won 't mind submitting to some questions from us . This hearing reconvenes tomorrow at 10 : 00am with Agent Benford 's testimony . Just tell the truth , Mark . It 's gotten us this far . [ # Sugarplum Fairies : A Story ] Here , let a professional do that . Thank you . You know , I 'm not totally useless , Maya . I can break down a Sig Sauer in , like , 12 seconds . I 'm impressed . I don 't even know what a Sig Sauer is . [ Alarm beeps ] Oh , stupid alarm clock . I can never set it right . No wonder I 'm always late . Speaking of which , I actually have to go to the office now . - Exciting day collaring bad guys ? - OK . Yeah . You watch too much cable . And , no , it 's actually a busy day analyzing satellite imagery . So , totally different . - All right , well , let me get dressed . - No , stay . Eat food . Rifle through my stuff . Just lock the door when you leave , OK ? Will I see you later ? One of my friends is having a showing at the Merton Gallery . - Yeah . - Great . [ Mark ] We 've determined that at least two men were awake during the blackout . Moreover , we 've discovered a recurring theme of crow attrition . Crow attrition ? Crows died all over the world during the recent blackout . The same thing happened in Somalia in 1991 . Now , I 'm no scientist , but that seems significant to me . Because you saw it in your flash forward ? No . We learned about the crow deaths from a lead that I remembered from my flash forward . And this is a lead you followed up on your own ? My office did , yes . Why , exactly , has your office set up its own investigation without getting authorization from FBI headquarters ? Well , to be perfectly honest , in my flash forward I seemed to be , or rather the LA office seemed to be , at the center of the blackout investigation . Really ? And how did you determine this ? Here we go . In my vision I was running point on something called " Mosaic . " I had a case board set up in my office , covered in clues , pictures , leads , everything that you would see in an ongoing , fruitful investigation . In other words , you 're investigating this because you had a vision of investigating this . OK , you have a bulletin board with lots of nice pictures on it . But what led you to assume your investigation would actually amount to anything ? Because , Madam Chair , I also saw a team of masked gunmen trying to kill me , presumably for what we will have accomplished in this investigation over the next six months . Six months from now , masked gunmen are going to burst into your office in a secure federal building and try to kill you . That 's what I saw , yes . - Did you find anything ? - Yes . The Ganwar region is the habitat of the remarkable Somali pygmy gerbil . Awesome . So how was your date ? - Whoa . You had a date ? - Was there any groping ? Can we focus , please , on what we 're doing ? OK . If the satellite imagery doesn 't give us anything , then let 's start to look at environmental statistics . Anomalies in the ozone layer , sunburst activity during that time , anything . Any reasonable explanations ? Now you 're talking . Whoa , whoa , whoa . Wait . Do you see that ? Is that an asphalt road ? Go forward . - [ Marcie ] What are those ? - [ Al ] Wow . - They look like pylons . - In the middle of nowhere . Or towers . Huh . [ Clemente ] Agent Benford , why were you alone in the office that night ? Presumably , I was working late . And what were you doing before you realized the gunmen were in there ? Looking at the Mosaic case board . I think I might have been on the phone at some point , but I 'm not sure who I was talking to . How can you not be sure ? Other people who were on the phone in their flash forwards remember who they were talking to . If you don 't believe me , Senator , you should talk to the Bureau agent who polygraphed me . I did . He was kind enough to provide a transcript of your session . You described your experience as " impressionistic flashes of reality . " - Is this correct ? - Yes . And from what I can tell , you 've recounted about 30 seconds ' worth of impressions . Everyone else we 've heard from , unless they were asleep , experienced vivid , easily-recalled visions covering the entire two minutes and 17 seconds of the blackout . - Is that a question ? - I 'm just trying to understand . Was the building on fire ? Was there smoke in the room ? Why is everything in your recollection so hazy and disjointed ? As far as I know , there was no fire . Then how do you account for the stark qualitative difference between your experience of the blackout and everyone else 's ? With all due respect , Madam Chair , have you spoken to all seven billion people on the planet ? No , I haven 't . Possibly because those seven billion people aren 't seeking millions of dollars to spearhead an investigation based on their somewhat murky flash forwards . Senator Clemente , could I just ... Hundreds of thousands of federal dollars have been spent because of what you claim to have seen . - Don 't you think somebody ... - How dare you . ... should have ascertained what you were doing the other 100-plus seconds of your vision ? Am I the only one who thinks these investigative techniques seem a little closer to voodoo ? Or fraud ? Now , did someone have a question about Nazi repatriation ? - [ Mark ] Where the hell 's Wedeck ? - Toilet ? For 40 minutes ? Went straight to voicemail . What a disaster . - Man , that Clemente is a hard-ass . - Yeah . But you know , when you hear it laid out like that , it does sound questionable . It sounds like we consulted the Psychic Network for clues or something . Thanks for the support . I 'm not saying I think that , necessarily . It 's just it sounds totally nuts . Dead birds , D. Gibbons , doll heads . China . That 's starting to sound pretty good right about now . [ Cell phone rings ] So it was a mistake to mention the doll 's head is what you 're saying . - Yeah . - Benford . [ Janis ] Get to a laptop , boyfriend . We got something you 're gonna want to see . [ Mark ] What are we looking at here ? Wajid , Somalia , population 325 , about 200 miles east of nowhere . - Oprah 's building a school there ? - Honey , be quiet . The grownups are talking . This is a satellite photo taken December of 1990 , about five months before your crows did a face-plant . What the hell are those ? [ Janis ] We don 't know . But they were built from scratch over the course of five months . You get the idea . It looks like they were about 100 feet tall when they were completed , here , in April of 1991 . The same month our proto-blackout hit . - Any idea what these structures are ? - Beats me . But it 's the last thing I 'd expect to see at a place that doesn 't even have indoor plumbing . We 're sending the images down to Forensics for evaluation . State Department 's been stonewalling us on our request to send a team in . This looks like it 'll cut through some red tape . Well , whoever built these clearly didn 't want anyone else to know about them . [ Dialing cell phone ] - [ Janis ] Janis Hawk . - Janis , this is Wedeck . Everything OK ? Mm-hm . I need you to do something for me right away . [ Soft rock music playing ] - Hey , Maya . - Hey . Sorry I 'm late . My boss called right as I was out the door . - No worries . - Wow . - I got you a little something . - Thank you . Just saw it and thought of you . [ Bleeping ] - OK ... - [ voice ] Wake up . It 's time to get up . So you 're not late anymore . Unless you want to be . - [ Continues bleeping ] - Thank you . That 's very sweet . - Can I ask you something ? - Yeah . - It 's a little awkward . - You 're getting all flustered . Do you date guys , too ? Um , the last one was in high school , and I try not to think about it . Why ? I guess that 's the part that 's awkward . Um ... - I kind of did something . - [ Gasps ] You went through my stuff . - Oh , I knew you would do that . - No . I did the next best thing . I Mosaic-ed you . - You what ? - I couldn 't resist . You know , it 's way better than Google-stalking . I saw that in five months from now , you 'll be you know , pregnant . And as talented as I may be in the bedroom ... - Yeah , that 'd be pretty impressive . - It 's not a big deal . I mean , in my flash forward I 'm wearing a wedding ring . Maybe ... Maybe it 's ours . For what it 's worth , I think that you 're gonna be a great mom . And that was the wrong thing to say , too . Yeah . This isn 't a me-you thing , Maya . This is a me thing . And honestly , I haven 't even figured it out yet . I don 't even know what I 'm gonna do . You know what ? I ... I don 't think I can do this right now . I 'm sorry . I 'm really sorry . Hello , Stan . It 's been a while . May I come in , Renee ? My man ! Hello , my man . What 's happening ? What 's happening ? Long way from $ 2 beer night at Geno 's . My first term was a bitch . I could 've used you , Stan . Really . I 'm sorry I couldn 't bring you in . But I can now . So , have you thought about DHS ? I know you 'd love being Anastasia Markham 's boss . We ha ... I 'm not here about the job . So no more Boy Scout . How 'd you find her ? Well , I was the bagman who paid her a quarter of a million dollars to disappear , remember ? Only she didn 't go very far . She 's living with the boy . Right here in Georgetown , in fact . - And you know that how ? - Through our Mosaic website . It 's amazing how we 've been able to cross-reference all these people 's visions . Turns out Ms. Garrigos had a vision too . She saw herself living in Puerto Rico six months from now . And in her Mosaic post , she remarked how different that was from her current home in ... Georgetown . You know what I liked about having you around , Stan ? You weren 't just comfortable in the mud . You enjoyed being there . Clemente 's going to cut off the funding unless you stop her . So stop her . And the negative goes into the shredder . You can only play this card once , you know . You sure you want to play it now ? Now 's all I got . I 've got a problem I need you to take care of . [ Sings Sister Christian ] Do it ! Go , old man ! I hate karaoke . Think it might be a good idea for you to slow down there ? I 've got five months to live . I think that entitles me to blow off a little steam , man . [ Both continue singing Sister Christian ] [ Demetri ] Mark Benford ? All right , cut this . You guys got any Stones ? - You got something to say ? - Nope . 'Cause you look a little pissed . [ Both singing Like a Rolling Stone ] Why would I be angry ? Just because you bailed in the middle of the hearing , - left me twisting . - Let 's be honest . It 's not like my being there would 've kept you from choking on the witness stand . You were flailing in there . Why didn 't you call for a recess , huh ? - You could 've spoken up for me ! - And said what ? There 's a perfectly good explanation why you 're having trouble remembering something the rest of us have lasered into our brains ? See , this is my own damn fault . Clemente 's just asking you questions I should 've asked weeks ago . But I didn 't , because I trusted you . And I went with this whole Mosaic thing in the first place because I believe in you , Mark . - And I 've gotten you results . - That 's not an answer . Now , Clemente may be a total bitch , but she 's right about one thing . Your story 's got more holes than a kitchen sponge . - Why can 't you remember everything ? - Because I was loaded , OK ? What was I supposed to say , Stan ? I 've been sober seven years and I have zero intention of ever taking another drink again . But I can 't change what I saw . I ... I put my entire career on the line based on your flash forward , and now you 're telling me you were impaired when you had it ? I don 't know what I 'm doing anymore . That 's fantastic , Mark . That 's fantastic . - Everything OK in here ? - Everything 's fine , guys . Why don 't you buy yourselves a couple rounds on me ? It 's ... celebration time . What are we celebrating ? I got us our funding . Pound-zero-three-one-two . Set . - [ Beeping ] - Damn it ! Aaron ... [ dialing ] All things being equal , it wouldn 't have been the worst thing in the world - if I hadn 't ... - Forget it . I just want you to know , the details I do remember , - I remember clearly . - Fabulous . Look , just keep your mouth shut . You tell anyone else about this , we are DOA . [ Woman ] ... has announced his nominee for vice president , a position which has been vacant since the tragic death of Vice President Pratt during the blackout . Tonight , the president says he has nominated Senator Clemente . - Nominee will have to be approved ... - Clemente ? - I don 't get this town . - Everything 's a tradeoff . D.C. ' s your ultimate " can 't get something for nothing " place . Here we go . [ Child crying ] [ Bawling ] [ Cell phone ringing ] Hey , Mark . Just wanted to share some good news with you . We got our funding . Mosaic 's still alive . - Because of the Somalia intel ? - No . Wedeck pulled some kind of rabbit . Who knows ? Maybe he wouldn 't have had to if ... [ tires screech ] Mark ? - Get down ! - Go , go , go , go ! Hello ? Mark ! Hello ? - [ Gunfire ] - [ Man groans ] - [ Gunfire ] - [ Groans ] [ Gunfire ] [ # The Rolling Stones : Like a Rolling Stone ] [ Screams ] [ Music continues ] [ Voice ] Wake up . It 's time to get up . Wake up . It 's time to get up . Wake up . It 's time to get up . - Tell me . - It 's a girl . [ Gasps ]
