 [ Wedeck ] On October 6th , the planet blacked out for two minutes and 17 seconds . The whole world saw the future . - Tell me . - It 's a girl . You disappear to Los Angeles . You don 't return my calls . I 'm worried about you . We all are . I know when a man is willing to sacrifice anything for his cause , and you 're not that kind of man , Agent Benford . I need a favor . A big favor . It 's for Tracy . Hi , Dad . What I saw , what you saw , doesn 't have to play out that way . - What are you talking about ? - [ Al ] I found a way to change the game . [ # Pearl Jam : Unthought Known ] [ Al ] Dear Celia . I don 't know your last name , and I don 't know where you live . But I know you have two young boys . Twins , I believe . And I know you didn 't have a flash forward . [ Song continues ] [ Man ] They saw FBI Agent Al Gough alive on April 29th . What this guy apparently was trying to show us is we can 't take what we saw for granted . [ Man 2 ] Bottom line is this is a new world , this is a new day , and I just think we need to take a moment and let that sink in . [ Man ] What we need to have answered right now is the question , is there going to be another world blackout ? People are terrified . [ Man 2 ] Let 's get back to the big question . - [ man ] The big question . - [ man 2 ] Do we have free will ? [ Man ] The central question of human existence for millennia . [ Clears throat ] If this is supposed to be your resignation , you can forget it . You 're not gonna let me explain myself ? You were attacked , you were shot . You returned to duty to find out a co-worker jumped off a building . Am I in the right ballpark here ? My life 's not making a whole lot of sense right now , and I think I need a little time off to figure it out . Totally understandable , but I need you here . I know we 've been shorthanded since the blackout . But ever since Gough ... - Since Al ... - This isn 't about Al . Yes , it is . When I found out about what he did and why he did it , it just really made me think about my own future . I don 't know what I 'm supposed to do . Do I lean into what I saw ? Do I fight it ? What if my getting shot was ... I don 't even know , some ... some sort of a sign that this baby 's not meant to be ? You 're gonna let a bullet decide whether or not you bring a baby into this world ? If Al 's death proved anything , it 's that our choices still matter . Now , more than ever . Well , I believe , without reservation or recrimination , that your card is the ace of spades ! [ Simon ] Well , that certainly answers that question . I 've been wondering how a Nobel finalist and the recipient of the MacArthur Prize spends his idle moments . This isn 't the time or the place , Simon . You 've dropped off the radar , Lloyd , without so much as a phone call . I 've had to check myself into the hospital to have my bruised ego X-rayed . Hello , Dylan . Remember me ? " Why , this is not my pancake ! " We 're not having this discussion in front of my son . Yeah , well , I 'm done having you dictate when and where we talk . Myhill forwarded me the email you sent him . - I call it a suicide note . - It 's the only logical move . If you 're hell-bent on self-destruction , I suppose it is . I still have doubts as to the cause of the blackout . Our experiment killed 20 million people , Simon . Twenty million . Look , the world has been upended . People need answers . We have to go public and tell the world that we caused the blackout . All right . I guess we have to leave this room sometime . No , no , no . I have a reservation with the hotel that says different . Oh . Plus , you haven 't opened your gift yet . Hmm ! What 's this ? Just a little something to celebrate . - Oh , what are we celebrating ? - Second chances , I guess . And the fact that we can change the things we saw . I never thought we couldn 't , Mark . - [ Cell phone ringing ] - [ Sighs ] It 's the office . I told them not to call unless it was an emergency , I promise . - Yeah ? - [ Demetri ] Hey , it 's me . This better be good , Dem . Yeah , I 'm sorry , man . Something came up . Did you bring your laptop ? Yeah . I 'm sending you some video we got from Barstow PD this morning . Remember when you had Marcie plug the clues off the Mosaic board into NCIC ? - You 've got something ? - Yeah . Barstow PD caught a homicide . Eyewitness managed to record it on her cell phone . When it hit the system , NCIC kicked back a red flag . - Why ? - Stay tuned , man . I 'm headed back right now . What do we have ? Anything that might help us ID our tattooed friend ? Not really . The victim , Neil Parofsky , is an aeronautics engineer . Works out of El Segundo . Watch , wallet missing , everybody 's thinking robbery . Is that confirmed by whoever shot the cell phone video ? Ingrid Alvarez . Yeah , she saw Parofsky hand something over before he got shot , - so she thought it was a mugging , too . - Great . First day back ? I should 've gotten you flowers . They 're for your wife . For stitching me back together . And these are for you . Hard copy stills taken from that cell phone . Video forensics enhanced the images as best as they could . Now we just gotta figure out why someone would want to hit an engineer from El Segundo . Have Vreede get into Parofsky 's life . Friends , family , bank accounts , whatever . - All right , what are we gonna do ? - What was the name of that eyewitness ? - Ingrid Alvarez . - We 'll be talking to her . If the guy in her video is one of the men I saw in my vision , this is our best lead so far , our only lead , on putting him away now . Find out who sent him . And make sure he never shows up here on April 29th . Al sacrificed himself to prove we could change the future . So let 's change it . Hey , honey . [ Bryce ] Everything OK ? - [ Olivia ] Hey ! - You 're ... You 're back early . Yeah . Mark had a work thing . So , what 's going on here ? Oh , the usual . You haven 't been gone that long . [ Gasping ] [ Moaning , screaming ] - [ Sobbing ] - It 's all right . It 's all right . - It 's all right , baby . - Don 't ... I 'm sorry . I 'm ... sorry . - Tracy ... - I 'm sorry . It 's pathetic . Waking up every damn day like this . - Maybe if you just talk about it . - I told you ... I don 't want to talk about it . Well , I 'm not giving you a choice anymore . I 've been grieving for you for two years , Trace . Hell , I even had your grave exhumed two months ago because I was convinced that you were you were alive . If you want to keep hiding out here , if you want me to pretend to the world , your mom included , that you 're still dead , you have to tell me what happened . After what I saw in my flash forward , I 'd believe anything at this point . Listen to me , Trace . Four months from now , I 'm gonna be sitting by your side in Afghanistan . You saw it . And I saw it . Isn 't that why you came home ? Obviously , at some point , I 'm gonna get involved with whatever it is . So let 's just cut to the chase and get started . [ Olivia ] How about the Simcoe boy ? He was supposed to be discharged - while I was gone . - Not yet . He was complaining of calf pain , so we removed the cast , did a Doppler and the kid 's got DVT . You 're kidding me ? Man , I am gonna be a grandmother before this boy goes home . I don 't get it . Why are you so anxious to get rid of him ? Is it his dad , Mr. Simcoe ? - What makes you say that ? - Just that ... You guys have a weird relationship . I mean , every time he comes around you get crazy tense and ... Dr. Benford . Actually , Dr. Varley just told me about Dylan 's status . But what are the ramifications ... Would it be safe to leave the boy for a while ? I see you have him on heparin . Now , the risk of complications at that dose is relatively minimal . - Is that correct ? - I 'm sorry , you are ? - Good question . - Friend of the family . Frankly , I was hoping to pry Lloyd away from the hospital for a while . A steak dinner , some fraternal martinis . Think you could sanction that ? The boy is , essentially , ready to be discharged , if I 've read his chart correctly . May I ? Yeah . Barring any complications , I see no reason why Dylan couldn 't go home in the next couple of days . Well , it 's settled , then . You 've been absolved of any guilt , parental or otherwise . Lovely . Thank you very much for your help . Of course . Dr. Varley . Nice legs . Are you sleeping with that woman ? - That is none of your concern , Simon . - Everything you do is my concern now , since you pressed " send " on that idiotic email of yours . Which brings me to the purpose of my visit . I 'm going public with or without Myhill 's cooperation . Or yours . Good luck getting anyone to believe you . - Good luck stopping me . - It appears we 're at an impasse . There are two ways to settle this . The first is , oh , so tawdry and public . Make a general annoyance out of myself . Kick over as many anthills as possible . Enough , Simon . Or we settle this in a more civilized manner . Define " civilized . " Remember how we settled whose name 'd go first on the application for the Sloan Fellowship ? Texas Hold ' Em . No holds barred . You win , we go public , hang ourselves out to dry . I win , you keep your mouth shut , any guilt in check , - and we buy ourselves some more time . - [ Scoffs ] [ Lloyd ] You want to wager the fate of millions of people on the outcome of a poker game ? The gods did it all the time . Dice , chess , whatever took their fancy . They loved tinkering with the lives of those mere mortals . We 're not gods , Simon . Twenty million deaths on our shoulders , isn 't that what you said ? If that doesn 't qualify us for godhood , tell me ... what does ? Let the games begin . [ Demetri ] Hey , what 's Barstow PD doing here ? [ Mark ] Let 's hope three-star guy didn 't get to our witness . Do you think she drives a gold sedan ? [ Sirens wailing ] Maybe not anymore . Special Agent Benford , FBI . Detective Rick Malchiodi , Barstow PD . We think your victim might be an eyewitness in a homicide . - That 's a hell of a coincidence . - How 's that ? Roommate says she witnessed a homicide , too . - Her roommate ? - Yeah . Alvarez . Ingrid Alvarez . Came home from work , found her roommate there , double-tapped to the side of her head . Looks like they got the wrong roommate . [ Simon ] I believe it 's to you . How much do you want to give me this round ? Twenty-five hundred . [ Simon ] I hope you don 't drag this game out as long as the last one . When you lose , you 'll be able to console yourself that I 've prevented you from confessing to a mass murder . Manchester figure of speech . Twenty-five hundred . I 'll call . I don 't understand . You 're saying they killed Blanca , - but they were trying to kill me ? - That 's what it looks like to us , yes . And it 's because of what happened in the alley ? Now , Ingrid , what exactly did happen in the alley ? We have the video , but it would really help us to get your account . I was working late . Me and one of my clerks . - Can 't say I see you as a blonde . - I can 't see you as a rock star , but that 's what you say your vision was . - [ Ingrid ] I was locking up . - Want me to walk you to your car ? - It 's late . - I 'll be fine . [ Ingrid ] I went to my car . But there were men in the alley . Three of them . They were fighting , arguing , but I couldn 't hear what about . - But when it got physical , I hid . - [ Man ] Where is it ? [ Indistinct shouts ] I called 911 , but they put me on hold . I still can 't believe I stayed calm enough to think to use my phone . [ Gasping ] - [ Gunshot ] - [ Ingrid ] My hand was shaking so much . [ Shuddering ] Now , you told the police the victim gave the other men something right before they shot him ? [ Grunts ] [ Ingrid ] They were arguing about a case or something . - But I didn 't see what it was . - What about the faces of the men ? Do you think you could describe them ? I didn 't get a very good look . But I think one of them maybe had gray hair . The other one was bald and he was big , muscular . It was very dark . We 're gonna sit you down with a sketch artist , all right ? Whatever you can give us , if you can remember anything else , it could be a big help . OK ? [ Ingrid ] As they were walking away , they were talking about something . It sounded like " QED . " [ Mark ] Thank you . You guys read about that Inevitability Index thing that 's been in the papers ? Five thousand . It 's a scam . Some entrepreneurial huckster 's attempt to sell the idea that the odds of the future happening can be " calculated . " It 's all rubbish . Fate is fate . We 're not responsible , Lloyd . - What about free will ? - No such thing . Oh , since when did you become such a hard determinist ? Simple quantum suicide theory . I will win this hand and every subsequent hand we play , ad infinitum . QED . Don 't you get tired of hearing yourself pontificate ? Don 't you get tired of being a self-righteous prig ? We 're scientists , not attention-seeking reality show contestants looking for their 15 minutes of fame on a talk show . - You always do this . - What 's that ? Use intellectual argument to defend your behavior . - What ? - OK , so you sleep with Cabrini 's wife and you call it electromagnetism . Fire your assistant , blame it on Darwin . - Shut up . - You 've upended the entire world and you hide behind determinist rhetoric . You 're not the only one who 's lost someone . Oh , who , Simon ? Who have you ever cared about ? I 'll call . You see , I knew you were bluffing this entire time . You know why ? Because there 's no such thing as luck , or fate , or " there but for the grace of God ... " This game is pointless . I 've already won . The future 's already happened . Fighting it is futile . Hey , Nicole . Nicole ? Hey . You OK ? Sorry . My mind wandered . - Guessing Mark told you what I saw . - He did , yeah . But only ' cause he 's worried about you . We both are . You don 't have to be . I 'm gonna be fine . The future can change . It 's all over the news . Hey , crazy huge floral delivery for the quintuplets . Can you give me a hand ? Go , go , go . [ Nicole ] Don 't worry , Olivia . You know , we can change what we saw . Just like we could before the blackout . Everything 's back to being up to us again . [ Tracy ] Dad . My Humvee got attacked . Yeah . Your friend Mike told me that . But that was two years ago , Trace . Why didn 't you go back to your base ? I couldn 't . The attack . We were fired on by supposed friendlies . - Marines ? - Jericho PMC . - Private military contractors . - I 've heard about them . - That doesn 't explain ... - Jericho works for the military , which means that I can 't trust the military ... Hold on a second . Why would you say you can 't trust the military ? About two weeks before my Humvee was attacked , I was working long-range recon on this village in the foothills near Kunar . I was alone . Orders were to stay covert so the locals wouldn 't see me , but there must 've been someone else out there . Jericho . And I watched them . I watched ... as they wiped out a village . They killed women ... and they butchered children . - They slaughtered them . - Why ? Why would they wanna do that ? I don 't know , but I told my superior officer and about a week later , Mike and I pulled duty at a forward roadblock near the Kalakata mountains . And , out of nowhere , a Hajji truck breached our roadblock . We took off after them . - Damn ! - Embrace the suck , Stark . - [ Laughing ] - [ Tires screech ] [ Mike ] Who the hell are these guys ? Those aren 't Hajjis ! Burro ! Burro ! We 're gonna get waxed ! Go ! - Help ! - [ Mike ] Get out ! [ Screaming ] [ Gunfire echoing ] [ Tracy ] I don 't know how I survived . I thought I was the only one . [ Moaning ] [ Yelling ] [ Sobbing ] [ Screaming ] What 's going on ? You sounded freaked when you called . - Did you slip or something ? - No , no , no . I just ... Look . I didn 't believe it myself . I took this picture at my house . Oh , my God . It 's Tracy . - How ? - How ... Tracy would kill me if she knew I was talking to you , but ... She was in a Humvee with three other soldiers . It got blown to hell , a bloody mess , body parts everywhere . - Including her leg . The DNA . - Right . - It got basically thrown into the mix . - And where has she ... What has she been doing for the past two years ? This is what I need to talk to you about . Basically , she 's been on the run . She saw something she shouldn 't have , and got in trouble with Jericho . - They 're this ... Yeah . - Yeah . Military contractors . They were the ones who attacked her . I know this sounds like something out of a Baldacci novel or something , but Tracy was dead , and now she 's alive , so I ... I really need your help , Mark . 'Cause Tracy 's scared to death of these Jericho guys , and I 'm afraid they 're gonna try and find her . - Are you all right ? - Yeah . I saw something today . It got me thinking that if this person 's future could come true and it did , even though it seemed impossible , then maybe these visions are more set in stone than we thought . Or maybe we have to work that much harder . You 're right . You 're right . [ Sighs heavily ] - Hey , did you open my gift ? - Oh , they 're lovely . You didn 't put them on ? I figured you 'd just take them right off again . Right . [ chuckles ] We can change things , Mark . We just have to decide how badly we want to . How far we 're willing to go to make it happen . But I say there 's nothing , nothing that we shouldn 't be willing to do for one another . - [ Wedeck ] So what are you suggesting ? - Set a trap for our suspects . Draw them out . I know a lot 's changed lately , but we still don 't use civilians as bait . Ingrid knows the risks . Then work the case . Work the Parofsky angle . We 've been doing that . Parofsky was chief engineer at Micro-Circadian Electronics . He was recently let go on suspicion of corporate espionage . What if Parofsky is selling his work to the highest bidder ? Ingrid did say they took a package from him right before they shot him . What was in there was valuable enough to kill for . Look , Stan , it 's a real lead . Ingrid 's gonna be protected on this . I promise . What makes you so sure they 'd try to hit her tonight ? They already tried to kill Ingrid once . If we get the word out we 're gonna release her from custody , - they might try again . - Why do you say that ? We went to Utah , D. Gibbons knew we were coming . You unearth the Somalia photos , five minutes later we 're getting shot at . Whoever we 're investigating knows what we 're doing before we do it . - You think we 've got a mole . - We have a mole . Two men with assault rifles are gonna get into this building five months from now . And someone 's gonna let them in . We catch these guys tonight , we can finally put a face on our enemy . Careful , it 's hot . Guess there 's no chance of getting any bourbon in there . Probably not a good one , no . When 'd you start drinking whiskey anyway ? I told Mark Benford . - You what ? - He can help . Are you insane ? You don 't know these people , Dad . I gotta get out of here . Whoa , whoa , whoa ! Hold on a sec ... I came to this house because I thought I 'd be safe . That was a big mistake . Mark 's a Fed , Trace . I mean , he 's practically family . The second that Jericho knows I 'm alive , they will find me and they 'll kill me . That 's not true . Don 't you remember your flash forward ? The fact that you even had one proves that you 're gonna be alive . I was with you . I gave you my pocketknife . You were on a cot , fell asleep . We were in some kind of bunker or cave , surrounded by guards . There was graffiti all over the walls . I think somebody was calling my name . Then I stepped outside . There was a man out there . He was concerned about you . He said something strange . Yeah , the account has been verified . Then I gave him an envelope . I don 't know what was in it . " The accounts have been verified . " Does that mean something to you ? No . But , this guy , what did he look like ? - Tall , dark . Scar . - Khamir . Khamir Dejan . He was a field medic with the IMC . He ... He took care of me . He ... He got me back together . That 's why I left . I was so afraid that Jericho would kill Khamir to get to me . That 's not gonna happen . Five months from now , he 's alive . I saw him . All three of us were there , Trace . How can you be so sure that everything we saw will still come true ? Enough of mine has come true already that ... I 'm a believer . You came back to me , Trace . Didn 't you ? I don 't know what could drag us both back to Afghanistan , but I have to trust what I saw . [ Man ] The area is secure . We 're good . Roger that . All units , stay on tact two . These guys are pros . Former military , based on that video we saw . [ Birds chirping ] Ingrid , you have a lot of amazing birds . My babies . The only real family I 've ever had . Each one of them is special to me . It 's hard to believe I ever thought of giving them up . - What do you mean ? - My flash forward . In my vision , I wasn 't working at the store anymore . I had blonde hair and I was living in New York . So , the next day , I put it up for sale . Since we 're standing here , I 'm guessing you didn 't have a whole lot of buyers ? It was all for the best . I don 't know what I was thinking , planning on changing my life for a future that might not even come true . - [ Yawning ] - Are we keeping you awake , cupcake ? [ Chuckles ] I 'm sorry , man . I was up late with Zoey last night . I told her what happens to me . What 's gonna happen to me . Supposed to happen to me . She wants me to quit , get out of the line of fire , I guess . Are you ... thinking about it ? I wasn 't . I mean ... Who knows ? I quit , I get hit by a bus , right ? That 's my luck . Whatever , right ? What am I supposed to do , become a barista until my date with death ? That 's one way to go . When this is over , whether it 's tonight or later I 'd like for you to have one of my cockatiels . Oh , no , no . A thank you gift . Don 't make me insist . Ingrid , if you truly loved your birds , you 're not gonna wanna give one to me . But thank you . It 's very sweet . - [ Thud ] - [ Bird screeches ] - [ Lngrid ] What was that ? - Stay here . Saber-Two , this is Saber-One . - Saber-Two , go . - I think I may have some movement here . You want us to move in on your position ? Could be nothing . Let me check it out first . Saber-Two , we have a breach . [ Mark ] Saber-Two , all units ! Surround the perimeter ! Nobody gets out ! [ Janis ] Mark ! I 've got Ingrid covered in back . [ Birds chittering ] - Freeze ! Mark ! - [ Gunshot ] [ Indistinct radio chatter ] You saw him turning on me . He was making a move . It was dark . I didn 't get a good look . But I do know we can 't interrogate a dead man . [ Sirens wailing ] - What does this all mean ? - I 'm sorry . But one of the men you saw is still out there , and he 's not gonna stop until he finds you . We need to put you in Witness Protection . That 's OK . I think that 's my future . I should have trusted my gut all along . Judging from your dwindling amount of chips , the pain is almost over . What are you thinking over there , mate ? Maybe you got a pair of eights . Working a full boat . How much do you have left ? Just under 15 . Five thousand . Thank you . Why don 't we make this hand winner take all ? If you win , we 'll go public . But , of course , I 'll win , and you 'll keep your mouth shut . Fine . As a physicist , Lloyd , you really are a genius . But you were never very good at concealing your tells . Ouch . [ Man ] Four of a kind for Mr. Campos . Straight flush . Pot and game to Mr. Simcoe . Congratulations . Keep the chips . Call it a tip . I got what I came for . How did you beat me ? Did I tell you Dylan really loves magic ? Sleight of hand 's his favorite . You know , there are some things even I won 't leave to chance . That being said , I 'll let you have the first pass drafting the announcement . All right ? [ Mark ] Thanks for backing my play there . I just want to make sure I know which play it was . Is this about taking Tattoo Man off the streets or putting him under it ? What the hell are you talking about ? You said if we get this guy , we might be able to change our futures . - But ? - Look . I just wanted to make sure the plan here wasn 't to kill him so he can 't kill me or come after you in your office . - Whatever gave you that idea ? - Because I had it . The second you suggested Tattoo Man might be the guy who 's supposed to kill me , I thought , " I 'm gonna kill him first . " But now you think I actually did . That I went that far . [ Demetri ] I would have . [ Door opens , closes ] [ Wedeck ] What are you - doing here so late ? - Trusting my gut . Hmm . [ chuckles ] Your email said you had something for me . Yeah , I do . NSA finally sent back a new rendering of that Suspect Zero photo . - Hmm . Hmm . Looks like the old one . - It is . This ... is the new one . [ Wedeck ] What 's that on his hand ? That looks like a ring . Can the image be enhanced any further ? NSA 's working on it right now , but it took them this long to get this far . Tell them to put their foot on the gas . If we can tie this jewelry to the guy wearing it , we 'll have our first workable lead . Good job . Hey ! Wow , you look like you had a perfectly ordinary day . Worse than ordinary ? Mark ? - I killed a man tonight . - What happened ? I had a shot at changing my future at changing our future . - And I took it . - Oh , Mark . Come here . Come here . Maybe April 29th 's just gonna be another day at the office now . What does that mean ? I , uh ... I told you , in my flash forward , I was in danger , right ? A man was trying to kill me . But , tonight , I got to him first . I changed the future , Livy . We have a second chance . We have a second chance . [ Thundering ] Hey . Do you have them ? There 's supposed to be seven . After the first atom bomb test , you know what a colleague of Oppenheimer 's said ? " What a foul and awesome display . " He then added , " Now we are all sons of bitches . "
