 NARRATOR : Previously on Heroes . What happened ? You tried to kill yourself . I jumped and you flew up and you caught me . You jumped 25 feet to a fire escape . I climbed up and carried you down . That 's what happened . The rest is just crazy talk . You understand ? I spoke to a very nice woman at the adoption agency . She said they were going to try to get in touch with your birth parents . But you can 't protect me forever . I know , and it breaks my heart . I Iove you , Dad . This is Claire Bennet , and that was attempt number six . It really does break my heart . MOLLY : Please don 't . Please don 't hurt me . Please don 't hurt me . Please don 't hurt me . You are not supposed to be in here . ( GRUNTS ) I didn 't kill these people . Sylar did . You 're under arrest . What ? Hello . Nice to meet you . I Iove New York ! Mr. Isaac Mendez ? Hello ? Mr. Isaac ? Freeze ! We 've got a live one here . No English , no passport , no American money , no ID . How long ago did he do this ? Yesterday . Yesterday . October 2 . October 2 ? No , pal . Today , November 8 . ( EXPLOSION ) ( GASPS ) ( DIGGING ) MOHINDER : When evolution selects its agents , it does so at a cost . Makes demands in exchange for singularity . And you may be asked to do something against your very nature . Suddenly , the change in your life that should 've been wonderful comes as a betrayal . It may seem cruel , but the goal is nothing short of self-preservation . Survival . So , if our team wins , there will be a celebratory bonfire where I need to represent . So , it might be , Iike , midnight-ish ? On a school night ? A celebratory school night . So , is that the quarterback ? Who ? The boy that you Iike right over there ? I don 't like him . I mean , he 's a very nice boy , but ... Yes , he 's the quarterback . If you really wanted to make me happy , you 'd only date nerds . Well , it worked out very well for your mother . I Iove your glasses , Mr. Bennet . Thank you , Jackie . Rumor has it you 're a local hero , pulled a man out of a burning train car . You heard about that ? O.M.G. , does everybody know ? It was on the news . You told half the school to set their TiVos . It 's going to be the cornerstone of my campaign for class president . I 'm running on a platform of moral , mental , and social advancement through good deeds . What do you think ? ( MOCKS GIGGLE ) I think I need to get something out of my locker . Hey . ( SCHOOL BELL RINGING ) claire , be careful . Okay ? ( BOTH SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( GRUNTS ) ( SLURPING ) ( GRUNTS ) It 'II work . We 'II have the fundraiser here and not the ballroom . It makes me look fiscally responsible . Yes , it does . Pete , just the man I want to see . I need to talk to you . What do you think ? Red or blue ? I don 't know , blue ? I 'm going to go red . The President wears red . So , are you going to come tonight ? Going to break out the suit ? Have a couple of drinks . Rebuff the advances of my cute interns ? NATHAN : Emily . Yeah , I 'm going to be there but , listen , I ... I tried it again . Tried what ? What do you mean , " What ? " What do you think that I mean ? Thank you . I tried to fly . Would you keep your voice down ? You were there . Last night I could fly . This morning , nothing . I nearly broke my neck trying . Well , that would have solved one of our problems . Yeah , so , I went to the library to see if I could find anything on human flight . Huh , I came across this amazing book . Listen to this , " Genes determine obesity , blood pressure . " Out of the 30 billion possibilities , " one might contain the potential for human flight . " This guy knows what 's going on . Chandra Suresh . He 's a genetics professor in India . I called . They said that he quit six months ago . They think he 's here in New York . We 've got to find this guy . We 've got a more immediate problem here . What ? It 's this woman reporter . She 's poking around into why you jumped off the roof . Nathan , we flew . Aren 't you curious how this happened ? Yeah , I want answers just like everyone else , man . Just like you , okay ? But right now , today , I 'm trying to find a way to put a spin on this , so it doesn 't look like crazy runs in our family . I need to figure out why this is happening to me , to us . I 've got responsibilities , Pete . Okay ? I 've got an election to win and a family to feed , okay ? AII right . So , what do you want to tell that reporter ? I know one thing we can 't tell her , the truth . ( MOHINDER TYPING ) ( DOOR LOCK RATTLING ) ( COCKING ) Sorry , I still have your dad 's keys . ( MOHINDER SIGHS ) Maybe I shouldn 't ? Sorry . After being attacked , every noise I hear ... I 'm sorry . Well , this is macaroni and cheese . It 's what Americans eat when they want to commit suicide slowly . Your dad said mine was the best he ever had , but he was from India , so ... Thank you . You 're very kind . You look like hell . When was the Iast time you slept ? AII this work . I 'm no closer to understanding my father 's research . Well , what about the program on your dad 's computer ? Didn 't you say he cracked some code ? I thought he had . The algorithm , it 's gibberish . Know anybody who speaks gibberish ? The man with the horn-rimmed glasses , he chased me around the world . Madras , Manhattan , this very apartment looking for it . But this isn 't anything . Well , then why would he build it ? Why ? It was always this way with my father . Every question met with another question . Never an answer . Only why . Even after he 's dead . Well , what about the map ? The map . The map is nothing until I can decipher the principle behind it . You know , if I could find even one such person , it would validate everything he believed . But I can 't . Your father had a Iot of faith in you . My father only cared about proving he was right . He left his country , his family , chasing this insanity . And now I 'm wasting my Iife trying to prove him sane . Where did it get me ? Mohinder ! I 'm sorry , I 'm just so tired . MOHINDER : Sylar . What is it ? Yet another question . ( SIGHS ) I don 't know how else to explain this . I heard a Iittle girl call for help . I went to her . That 's all that happened . So you just waltzed right in , found a kid hiding in a wall , then pulled the name Sylar out of your ass , when only a handful of us know that name . ( STAMMERING ) It was like someone was talking to me , except it was in my head . The voices tell you anything else ? They want you to do things ? Rob a store ? Kill the President ? No . It 's more like I can hear people 's thoughts or something . I don 't know . Can you tell me what I 'm thinking ? No , I really can 't control this . It just sort of happens . Give it a shot , Karnack . I 'm wide open . You think I 'm nuts or stupid . Great trick . Stop wasting my time . ( SIGHING ) Parkman , I need this more than you do . I need this . No one believes in me . Nobody believes in you . I know what that 's like . How much longer do I have to be in here ? Depends . How would you Iike to work with the FBI ? ZACH : claire . What are you doing running off to an away game ? That tape with all your attempts at bodily harm is still missing . Yeah , well , if someone finds it , we 'II just tell them you 're some visual effects geek who did it with his computer . Now , can I get back to my Iife , please ? So that 's it ? You 're just going to go pump your pom-poms and pretend you 're no different than any other girl on the squad ? Yes , actually . But you are , claire . You are different . Don 't you see that ? Don 't you see that none of this matters ? ( STAMMERING ) School spirit doesn 't matter . Being a pretty blond cheerleader doesn 't matter . It 's not who you are anymore . Who am I ? So what ? I can crawl through a wood chipper and live to tell about it ? That narrows my choices in life to freak or guinea pig , in most cases both . What 's wrong with wanting to be normal ? You should try it . ( BELL RINGING ) What are you doing here ? The door was open . Isaac , you have to get back to work . Your editor ... The comic book is late . You were taking them , weren 't you ? Yes , I 'm going to sell them in my gallery , and with the money we can get you straightened out , into rehab . I 'm not going into rehab . I found all your junk . The drugs , all of it . I flushed everything . How am I supposed to paint the future ? Nobody can paint the future . That 's the drugs talking . Look around you at all of these paintings . Every one of them has come true . ( EXCLAIMS ) And does that include this big one on the floor of New York going nuclear ? Yes . I don 't know how , I don 't know when , but I have to stop it . I don 't want to lose you , Simone . But if you don 't believe in me , then you shouldn 't be here . Fine . You think you can paint the future ? Paint one without me in it . ( PHONE RINGING ) Hello ? ( HIRO SPEAKING JAPANESE ) I can 't understand a word you 're saying . Stop calling me here . You 've got the wrong number . Wrong number . ( CRASHING ) ( BOTH SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( APOLOGIZES IN JAPANESE ) ( SHOUTING IN JAPANESE ) ( TIRES SCREECHING ) ( SHOUTING IN JAPANESE ) ( GASPING ) ( ENGINE STOPPING ) ( SHOUTING IN JAPANESE ) ( BOTH SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( GRUNTING ) ( PANTING ) Hi . Hi . How 'd you sleep ? Good . Where are we ? On our way to grandma 's house . Micah ! Grandma ! Oh , my , you 've grown . You always say that . I do . Yes , you do . Hmm . Why don 't you go on inside ? You look thin . Look , I know what it 's like to raise a boy on your own , to be stretched so far you wish you could be in two places at once . I get it . But that boy needs more than you 've been giving him . He needs a steady hand and a stable environment . I can give him that . Why ? Because D.L. grew up to be such a model citizen ? My son , your husband , is a good man . Recognize this ? I found it in the desert . What 's that supposed to be ? This belonged to one of the men that your son murdered . I took it out of a grave . You know that all of D.L. ' s crew wore these . D.L. wouldn 't murder anybody . Ever . Wrong . He robbed Linderman and got away with two million dollars , and then he killed his crew . My son was framed , and he 'd be rotting in some prison if he hadn 't escaped . Besides , if D.L. had two million dollars , honey , he 'd be on some tropical island some place sitting out his years with Micah . I want you out of my son 's life . Yeah , well , people in hell want ice water . It doesn 't mean they 're going to get it . Paulette , you have no idea what I am capable of . MATT : Do you want to tell me why I 'm still here , or am I just gonna follow you around ? AUDREY : I need you to talk to her . Find out what she knows . Talk to who ? Molly Walker , the little girl you found . We 're keeping her here where it 's safe till we can figure out what to do with her . She 's been through severe trauma , both parents murdered right in front of her . She hasn 't said a word since we brought her here . What makes you think she 's going to talk to me ? Well , if you 're really a mind-reader she won 't need to . Who is this Sylar ? What 's he doing ? I pieced a trail across a dozen states , all people impaled by household objects , bones broken , all without any traceable sign of physical contact . But only some of them involve any mutilation of the head or neck , so they don 't see the connections . But you think it 's all him . I think it 's going to get a Iot worse if someone doesn 't go after him . MOHINDER : Mr. Sylar ? Hello ? ( EDEN SHUSHING ) What are you actually gonna do if Sylar 's in there ? If Sylar killed my father , I need to know why . Suppose that would have been too easy . Let 's go . No , all the answers could be behind this door . EDEN : It 's locked , and I 'm kind of trying not to freak out now . So , can we please just go ? Or we could just break in . ( CAMERA CLICKING ) A little light reading before bed ? MOHINDER : ( WHISPERING ) Oh , my God . EDEN : That map with those strings , it 's exactly like your father 's . Not exactly . This map has more of them . Dozens more . I know that guy . He 's running for Congress . His life may be in danger . Okay , can we please go , now ? Not yet . Mohinder . Dear God , what was my father involved with ? ( ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ) Keeping her in a safe room down here . ( MOLLY SCREAMING ) It 's him . It 's Sylar . Freeze ! Hey ! Hey ! Remember me ? It 's okay . It 's okay . No one 's gonna hurt you . How did he find me ? How could he find me ? It doesn 't matter . It doesn 't matter . You 're safe now . You 're safe . It 's all right . It 's all right . Show me your hands ! Do it or I 'II put you down ! ( GUN FIRES ) ( PANTING ) You okay ? ( BOTH SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( CLEARING THROAT ) ( SIGHS ) ( CHUCKLING ) Simone , hey . Oh , hey . I was just coming up to check on my dad . Where are you going ? Aren 't you supposed to be in your shift ? I was just filling in my replacement and saying bye to your dad . What ? Listen . No . I 'm quitting . Why ? I called the agency and told them this morning . But my father ... Caroline is going to take really great care of him . But she 's not you . This is not what I 'm supposed to be . It 's not what I 'm supposed to do . I can 't really explain it . Well , try . Look , the truth is , I 've been trying to save the world one person at a time , but I 'm meant for something bigger , something important . I know it now . That 's ... That 's really all I can tell you . I 'II miss you . It 's New York . I mean , everyone runs into each other sooner or later . Maybe it will be sooner . ( ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ) JACKIE : flames were everywhere . Oh , my God , I could hear the poor man coughing somewhere inside the train car , but ... I mean , there was smoke everywhere . I couldn 't see him . I was so scared , you guys . I was really scared . Nice effigy . ( CHUCKLES ) Thanks . I stayed up all night stuffing it with newspaper . I 'd have filled the tail with firecrackers , but that 's just me . That would have been cool . Careful . Stand too close and you 'II end up like that guy . I 'm not as flammable as he is . Dale Ledgerwood 's got a keg in the back of his truck . Are you sure this is okay ? We 're 30 miles from home . Who 's going to know ? ( CHUCKLES ) Jackie told me you want to meet your real mom and dad . I told Jackie that in confidence . You do realize you were talking to Jackie , right ? Is that why you 're bummed ? The whole adoption thing ? I mean , you didn 't like just find out , did you ? Oh , no . No , no , no . They told me when I was really little . Why would you think I 'm bummed ? You don 't seem like yourself . I thought maybe something was wrong . You don 't know me well enough to know when I 'm not being myself . You never drink plain milk . It 's always chocolate . You draw mermaids in the margins of your notebook . You put crackers in your sandwiches to make them crunch . And you 're usually the first person to laugh at a joke . But I haven 't heard you laugh in a while . Lately you seem sort of sad . Have you been spying on me ? claire , my goal tonight is to hear you laugh . ( FIRECRACKERS POPPING ) Did you put firecrackers in his head just for me ? ( DOOR OPENING ) Hey , you waited up for me . Look , I know I missed our therapy session . It 's fine . No , it wasn 't . I 'm sorry . I was supposed to call you , and I meant to , but I had the craziest day today . You would not believe what happened to me . It was so strange and it was amazing and I don 't even know how to describe it . Then don 't . That 's it ? That 's it ? You waited up all this time so that you can tell me that you don 't want to talk to me ? Look , I really don 't want this to turn into a fight , and if I say anything else , it will . I am really trying , Matt . You know , this marriage may not mean anything to you anymore ... What ? It does . Of course it does . What are you talking about ? I just ... I have a Iot of stuff going on right now . So do I. It was supposed to be a good thing when I made associate , and you were supposed to be happy for me . But ever since , it 's like you 're mad at me for getting what I wanted because you haven 't . I don 't mean to be . It 's just ... It 's hard . I can 't do this anymore . I wish he would just leave . I wish he would just leave . Fine . I will . Wait . Just a Iittle break . Want to go back to the party ? No , I just ... I 'm going through something now , I don 't know if now is the right time . You know what ? You just need to relax . What 's gotten into you ? I just really like you , claire . Don 't you Iike me ? No , Brody ! Stop ! ( GRUNTING ) You 're going to hurt yourself . No ! No ! No ! Stop it ! What are you doing ? No ! This is going to happen . Get off of me ! ( CHOKING ) Don 't be a bitch . Let it happen . No ! please ! ( CHOKING ) ( GRUNTS ) claire . claire ! You haven 't said a word the whole way home . The whole way . That has got to be a record . Are you hungry ? You know , I was thinking that we could stop by that ice cream shop on the way home . You know , the one with those ginormous banana splits ? Why don 't you believe that dad 's innocent ? I mean , you should be trying to help him . I know that you want to believe in your father , but I know what 's best , Micah . They 're going to catch him and he 's going to go away for a Iong time . They 'II never find him . How do you know that ? Micah , do you know where he is ? ( POLICE SIRENS BLARING ) It 's okay . ( CAR DOOR SHUTS ) Is there a problem , Officer ? Mr. Linderman wants to see you . I 'm with my son . ( DOOR SHUTS ) ( CROWD CHATTERING ) ( LAUGHS ) So , I guess it 's sooner rather than later . To destiny . Mmm . May we recognize it when we see it . To love . May we stay away from it when it 's no good for us . You know , earlier today when you were telling me how you 'd changed ? Yeah . I noticed it . There 's just something different . It 's like a look in your eye . A confidence . There 's something I should tell you . Something ... I didn 't think it was right to say when I still worked for your father something I wouldn 't have even said to you two days ago . I 've been in love with you since the minute I first laid eyes on you . NATHAN : Excuse me . Everyone , excuse me . I 'd like to apologize about the rain . If you elect me , I promise I 'll try and do something about that . ( CROWD LAUGHING ) I 'd like to welcome you all here on behalf of my family , my entire campaign staff . I 'm sure that you know my brave wife would be here by my side were she able . The life-altering event of my father 's death is really what prompted me to run for Congress . My father hid a deep depression , an illness , really , up until the day he died . His loving wife , his attentive children , his loyal friends , we all knew about it and yet he suffered alone . As many of you might have read , my brother , Peter , had an accident . But what I have kept from the press thus far is that Peter barely survived a suicide attempt . My first instinct was to keep his illness hidden , but no one should suffer alone . Because we 're all connected somehow , everyone in this room , you , me ... Peter . Everyone in this city . And we need to look out for each other . ( CROWD MURMURING ) Nissan Versa . Nissan Versa . That 's a popular choice . Let me check to see if we have any left . Nissan . ( BOTH SPEAKING JAPANESE ) You 're in luck . We have one left . ( JAZZ PLAYING ON STEREO ) How you doing ? Well , I 'm ... That was a rhetorical question . Just say , " Fine , " and order a drink . Uh , fine . Whatever you got on tap . Do I have time to tie another one on ? I don 't want to go home to that shrew , sucking the life out of me . What 's he looking at ? You 're barking up the wrong tree , pal . WOMAN : Oh , what am I doing here ? Am I that desperate ? MAN : She is digging me . I 'm in for sure . That desperate ? She 's digging me . For sure . What if I just disappeared ? Would they care ? Would anyone care ? Wanted someone to notice I was gone . Would anybody care ? Would anybody care ? ( JUMBLED VOICES CHATTERING ) ( SILENCE ) ( BALLS CLACKING ON POOL TABLE ) We were in the apartment . We saw everything . Want to tell me what you were doing in there ? please , just follow me . I believe this man Sylar killed my father . He has a list of targets , including a man who was running for Congress . ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) NATHAN : Turns around to the other one and says , " Holy cow , a talking dog . " ( GRUNTS ) PETER : You son of a bitch ! ( GROANS ) Let him go . Easy , Pete , that 's our mother you 're talking about . There was no reporter on my story ! Yeah , there would have been eventually . I had to take control of things before something happened . Do you understand ? Ow . You get it , right ? Yeah , I get it . Good man . ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) SIMONE : You 're bleeding . What ? Look , what Nathan said , it 's not true . I didn 't try to kill myself . No , I know . MOHINDER : This force , evolution , is not sentimental . Like the earth itself , it knows only hard facts of life 's struggle with death . All you can do is hope and trust that when you 've served its needs faithfully , there may still remain some glimmer of the life you once knew . Holy ...
