 Our Tauron victory was overwhelming ! The wind is definitely with us ! So we 're going to take advantage of our momentum and head to the star system Alta , which includes the Tribe of Silver 's mother planet Codomos ! Each fleet will advance upon all the terminal planets in the entire area . Seize every last one of them ! I can 't believe how they 're being wild with joy over that victory ... It must be nice to be that downright foolish ... Over and over again I wish on the dazzling star far away Wandering heartbeats , gravitation , the story of their attraction When did it begin ? No one knows the end of it It 's not a trick or an illusion , it 's a current that I can 't swim against ( Dark ! ) The monster that lives in the darkness ( Blight ! ) As if I were easily getting swallowed into it ( I seek a hero ! ) I awake as I truly am If God says conflicts and life 's old dreams go hand in hand I 'm looking for you even if it means ripping my body apart With a flower held to my heart , no one can stop this heartbeat now that it 's begun We 're destined to come in contact Under a unanimous conclusion of the Council as well as the Federation fleet headquarters , I hereby issue an honorable mission to the Argonaut ! In order to ensure our victory , leave the starway along with the Nodos and close in on Planet Codomos from behind . It 's not a difficult task for you , is it ? Good luck to you . What a coward ! How dare he use the Argonaut 's achievements against us and give us such a reckless order ? ! That goes to show how much he 's afraid of us . He 's afraid that all the fleets might band together around this ship and the princess . There 's no need for us to accept that mission . This is just him trying to get payback . What would you like to do ? Let 's accept it . If we accept this task , we should be able to reduce casualties on both sides . In that way we probably won 't have to become the victims of those royals ' reckless rush , either . Good point . Age , we 'll have to ask you to fight another difficult battle . That 's okay ! Age has Iolaous ! I might be weak , but I 'll do whatever I can to back you up . We 'll work together and- - If Age gets lost you bring him back ! Am I your guardian or what ? What about Mehitak ? Will it be all right if I stay on this ship ? If possible I 'd rather not fight . And I don 't know anything about the Tribe of Silver that could help you , but if you guys lose , my tribe may be destroyed , too ... So ... Under my authority , we will do what the Pore 's hero wants . Thank you . Well then , let 's get ready for departure immediately . This is something only this ship can make happen . Let 's show off our abilities to the Council and the fleet headquarters ! We will soon enter the enemy 's living room . This is the last time we 'll be able to communicate with each other in real time . You and your crew are the same as usual , huh ? It 's no surprise that we drew the short straw as usual . Even if we have to leave the starway , knowing that we 're under the command of our princess is much more encouraging than being under the command of those fools . We also believe that one day we 'll be able to serve under Princess Dhianeila once again . We will definitely reorganize the fleet when the time is right . So don 't let your guard down . You 've come this far with no real problem . Something is not right . But either way , we have no choice but to go forward . I wish you good luck in battle . Checking up on your guys ? Everyone is recovering fast . I thank you for that , Aneasha . None of them were injured that terribly . Besides , it wasn 't just my healing power . In future battles , that power of yours will be indispensable . But I still don 't want you to do anything reckless just because I 'm here . There are times when my power isn 't enough , you know . You still haven 't forgotten about the promise , have you ? A knight 's word is his bond . I 'll take your word for it . Do you know what 's going to happen to my tribe , Age ? Nope . I see . But Dad and the others said that we wouldn 't be able to go to the future unless we find it together . You , too , Mehitak . Your father and mother , too . Everyone together . Acquisition of Codomos , the mother planet of the Tribe of Silver . Another of the twelve agreements is about to be realized . What real intention did the Tribe of Gold try to get across through the agreements ? And a war this scale has begun before we 've even learned much about the Tribe of Silver , which also has agreements with the Nodos . I want to know the future that you believe in . Age ... Why ? Why did they stop guiding us ? Rom Ror 's emotions were placed in me just now . He failed to acquire the fifth Nodos and lost the path to the planet Olone ... And the last of the Tribe of Gold vanished before his eyes . He refuses to face it also . Refuses to face what , Prome-sama ? Worries and fear that are coming from the fact that he must take the place of the Tribe of Gold now that they 're gone . He refuses to face the fact that this is the very source of the will to destroy the Tribe of Iron . So will the Tribe of Iron target this planet after all ? Probably . Because it is the birth planet of our tribe , Rom Ror will send Yuty off , and might try to destroy them along with the planet . You mean this planet Codomos ? We don 't find significance in the birth planet of a tribe . Unlike the Tribe of Iron or the Tribe of Gold ... The thought that the ones who can acquire the power of the Tribe of Gold may be the Tribe of Iron after all is getting bigger and bigger inside of me . However , the agreement that I 'm in stipulates that the Tribe of Silver will be the one to acquire it . " Item : Your tribe shall prosper as long as you obey the Tribe of Silver . " " Item : You must fight as the Nodos against those who oppose the Tribe of Silver . " " Item : When the Tribe of Silver 's Nodos faces grave danger , you must save her . " " Item : You must tell the Tribe of Silver when you discover the Tribe of Gold 's power . " " Item : you must protect the Tribe of Gold 's power when it might be lost . " Under the tribe 's will , I determined those five agreements that have been given to you . It doesn 't mean that they signify the future . However , it was the Tribe of Gold who determined the number of the agreements . Maybe they knew the future ... your will , Prome-sama . If that 's the case , they must have known the will of the Tribe of Iron as well . If they also included the acquisition of the Tribe of Gold 's power in that Nodos ' agreement ... Would that even be possible ? One of the agreements determined by Rom Ror for Karkinos also stipulates that he shall be released from his toils when the Tribe of Silver acquires the Tribe of Gold 's power . And one of the agreements that he determined for Yuty also stipulates that if someone other than the Tribe of Silver acquires the Tribe of Gold 's power , she must destroy it , even at the cost of her own life . I wonder why the Tribe of Gold left open the possibility that we might be given agreements that are inconsistent . We don 't even know if all the agreements will be realized or not . Lecty ... The child of time . I 'm praying that the war against the Tribe of Iron will clarify the true intention of the agreements for you . Yes , Prome-sama . Go now . If you get any further separated from Rom Ror and the others you won 't be able to reach them in one jump . Yes . Why don 't you spit it out ? So is Mehitak really- - Oh , you 're here . I was just asking Karkinos a question . Did Mehitak really die ? Whether he 's alive or not , he was still defeated with no strength left in him . The agreement dictates his release . The final agreement to protect my life still remains . If Mehitak tries to escape from that agreement while he 's still alive , we will destroy his tribe . " You must fight those who oppose the Tribe of Silver with your life . " That 's one of Karkinos ' agreements . Do you wish to see that come true as well ? The Nodos ' agreements are for the Tribe of Silver to govern this universe . There 's only one thing that needs to come true , and that is for the Tribe of Silver to become a great presence which rivals theirs . That 's how I understand it as well . My agreements also include your protection . Even if there 's no Mehitak around , I 'll be sure to fulfill that . That doesn 't give me any comfort . I 'm the one who has to fight after all . There 's no need for you to fight . " The Federation fleet is currently charging forward in full career in order to seize all the terminal planets in the star system . They have been steadily producing extremely positive war results . " That 's the full message ... It 's going too smoothly ... The surveillance unit is now ready to go . You never know where the enemy might show up . Stay alert . Descending . I can 't sense it . What ? I don 't sense the presence of the Tribe of Silver . There 's no sign of hostility . No indications of the enemy , either . The princess isn 't feeling their presence , either , but there 's a possibility that this is a trap . Don 't let your guard down . I know . Food storage ? Biological response ? Hold it ! It 's empty , you said ? They 're all gone except the tribes from this planet . There 's no sign of weapons or defenses . All there 's left is just food and medicine ... They probably left them here out of charity . No defense unit even at the terminal planet ... What 's the meaning of that ? Where 's their main force ? I know they 've had plenty of time to strengthen their defenses , but on the other hand they didn 't have time for major relocation to abandon this star system . Send the signal for fleet reorganization to Nilval . Father ? Why ? We don 't know if this is an emergency just yet . This is indeed a critical situation . We have challenged them without knowing anything about their civilization . Their civilization ? What if they have no concept of " our own place " ? Individuals would spread out without limitations and rarely run into others of their own tribe . That would be their lifestyle . If that were the case , wouldn 't it be impossible to confirm the will of the entire tribe or ensure survival of their offspring ? But what if that 's exactly their civilization ? What if by spreading out across the universe , they 've developed ultra-high-level telepathy abilities that enable them to confirm each other 's intentions ? No way ... Now that we 've rushed into the empty nest , they 'll start attacking us from every which way ! After all , only a very few of the Tribe of Iron possess the ability to leave the starway ... No , it may be only one . What if the Tribe of Gold gave the Tribe of Iron the fifth Nodos to protect the one ? Did the Tribe of Gold intend to make the one discover their power ? Prome O , that thought is meaningless . The Tribe of Iron will not discover the Tribe of Gold 's power . They will perish . What is this ? What 's the matter ? They 're looking for us . What ? You want to try to contact the Tribe of Silver , Princess ? I will ask them about themselves directly . B-But if the enemy possesses the telepathy abilities just like we speculated , they will find our presence instantly . However , there 's no other way to avoid crisis . Understood . We 'll leave the terminal planet . Begin the take-off sequence immediately ! The spatiotemporal gap has been eliminated . Entire warping process complete . Big Brother , this means that we have now conquered seven terminal planets . This is the least one can expect from a fleet led by me , Atalantes . Now move forward ! The lowly Tribe of Silver no longer causes any fear for- - E-Enemy fleets are here ! Th-That can 't be ! We 've already conquered the terminal planets ! They 're approaching from direction 272 . They didn 't pass though a terminal planet ! Impossible ! Don 't tell me they came through the frontier ! Go . Many enemy fleets are coming from direction 748 , too ! They 're going to block our escape route ! D-Do something already ! Change course ! Counter the enemy ! It 's from Mobeedo ? Fleet reorganization ? Emergency communication from the fleet in the rear ! Due to the enemy 's arrival , the key fleets , including the flagship , are now engaging in the battle ! What did you just say ? From direction 196 , many objects believed to be the enemy 's fleets are approaching at high speed ! This is insane ! Does this mean that the enemy just arrived at this star system ? ! More enemy fleets have appeared along our course ! We should be surrounding them , but this looks like we 're the ones who are surrounded by the entire universe ! Mobeedo must 've asked me to reorganize the fleet because he realized it earlier ... Found you . Why are you the only one who keeps on following us ? Were you ordered to do so ? What about your home ? What about your family ? What is your affiliation ? Stop it ! The Tribe of Iron is talking to us . I feel many minds other than yours . Do you always share a part of your psyche with others ? They will not be the ones to acquire the Tribe of Gold 's power . There 's no room for you here . Why can 't I erase my emotions ? ! Begone , Tribe of Iron ! Let 's go , Belcross . Nodos ! It 's time for destruction , Tribe of Iron ! Devour them , Kervius . Although I have known you for a long time I never dreamed these feelings would sprout And I would fall in love with you Casually going home , as I look at the stars in the night sky I take the long way on purpose and lean on your shoulder as we walk You tell me you think we can overcome anything as long as we stay together I think as I look into your forthright eyes That I love you The overwhelming power of Kervius defeats humankind . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 20 : " The Nodos of Darkness . "
