 We believe in the Tribe of Gold 's prophecy and in the fifth Nodos , and we will resist the Tribe of Silver 's plot to annihilate humankind . We will not compromise or give in ! Are you going to attack us if we don 't approve your departure ? As soon as we 're ready , we will depart . I 'm here for the fifth one . I am Karkinos . Age . Come with me , Age . Dad and the others said Age needs to destroy , one ... two ... three ... four ... four of them . The Tribe of Silver wants to destroy Titarros along with us . They 're going to destroy this planet . Your Excellency . Princess ? Their first target is the spaceport . Over and over again I wish on the dazzling star far away Wandering heartbeats , gravitation , the story of their attraction When did it begin ? No one knows the end of it It 's not a trick or an illusion , it 's a current that I can 't swim against ( Dark ! ) The monster that lives in the darkness ( Blight ! ) As if I were easily getting swallowed into it ( I seek a hero ! ) I awake as I truly am If God says conflicts and life 's old dreams go hand in hand I 'm looking for you even if it means ripping my body apart With a flower held to my heart , no one can stop this heartbeat now that it 's begun We 're destined to come in contact Titarros ' battleships aren 't following us . Good . We 'll accelerate as we continue circling around Titarros . Keep the enemy behind us , and limit our defensive range . We 'll concentrate the firepower there . Launch oboronas ! The enemy force split into two . One group is pursuing us , and the other one seems to be heading to Titarros ' spaceport . We 're currently accelerating using the planet 's gravity . Our actions have gotten Titarros caught up in this . Now it 's come to this , we 'll lure as many enemies after us as possible , then break away . After that , we 're going to shake off the chasers . I 'm counting on you , Captain . For Princess Dhianeila , who 's entrusted with the future of humankind , surrendering here is not even an option at this point . Perhaps that made her choose the disgrace of being branded an intruder ... In order to avoid turning Titarros into a battleground . With the help of the Tribe of Silver , we managed to get into space . We owe them for it . But ... I can 't just sit here and watch our planet get destroyed without doing anything about it ! You 're right . Deploy Ikaros 1 and our ships to the area surrounding the spaceport . Inform the ground troops to prepare for air defense as well . What about Ikaros 2 ? Let 's have it move to the coordinates R98-S26 . Ikaros 1 , begin proceeding to the space defense line . The security fleet is being deployed in front of the spaceport . Oboronas in position . Missiles are ready to fire . Begin the attack ! Please begin the attack . Why do you go to such lengths to fight him . Age ? Age ! What are you doing ? We 're going back to the Argonaut ! You should go back to where everyone is , Iolaous . Age ? I 'll catch up with you later . I like the Argonaut . This is strange ... I don 't sense any intention to fight from the man Age is confronting . But you said he was calling for Age ... Perhaps not to fight him , though . Then what for ... ? The enemy is about to enter torpedo range . Withdraw the oboronas after one minute . We will engage in close combat . Deploy Organ Units and Vritarif ! What 's our acceleration status ? In another ten minutes , it 'll reach the maximum value for gravity acceleration . Battle estimate ? After we leave the gravitational sphere , the enemy will cease individual pursuit . Units will rejoin their ant heaps to resume pursuit . So if we can hold out for another 10 minutes , we might be able to make it , huh ... 47th Port , Dandelion Unit , ready to deploy . Orchid Unit fully deployed . Launchers 592 to 783 , prepare to fire . - -Narcissus Unit entering maintenance line . - -What happened to Age ? He 'll be back later . Later ? Yes , sir . I 'm moving out . I 'll catch up with you later . I like the Argonaut . Did I believe what that monkey said ? What are you thinking , Karkinos ? You could even melt the entire planet if you wanted to ! This is my first time using this power on a Nodos . To you , it 's like a little shock , huh ? Are you planning to do something bad to the planet ? Come with me . Lernaea- - that 's the name of the Hero within me . Belcross . I wish I could 've settled this without transforming . Not on the planet , Belcross . Nodos ... Princess , we have detected multiple gravity readings that are similar to Belcross ' ! That 's the enemy Nodos . Two Nodos are fighting ! The Tribe of Silver has even brought out a Nodos for this ... This planet is going to be destroyed ! What is he holding back for ? Because if he goes all out , he 'll end up killing the planet . It 's just a little warm-up to see what the fifth one is made of . Don 't be ridiculous ! The fifth one is our enemy ! Karkinos should just wipe him out , and the planet along with him . Don 't worry . It 's not that bad . The final defense line has fallen back 5.8 points ! 821 Organs capable of combat . Get the Organ Units ' focus on the defense towards the stern ! Everyone else respond with close-range defensive weapons ! One or two thousand ants are far from enough to destroy this Argonaut ! Master , it 's a gravitational disturbance ! Distance : 967 . It 's close ! Evade ! Go under it ! We don 't have enough time ! We 're going to crash ! Everyone , brace for impact ! How fierce ... Check the systems ! Yes , Master . To think that the impact alone could rock the Argonaut like that ... Nodos ... Are we completely hopeless against it ? Belcross tore the enemy apart ! He 's destroyed every single ant on our tails ! Master ! What is it ? Ikaros is entering the final defense line . Ikaros ? Our only goal is to detain the Argonaut . However , anyone who 's attacked has the right to self-defense . Am I wrong ? You 're exactly right . Being under the control of the Tribe of Silver doesn 't necessarily mean the prosperity of our tribe . Captain , Ikaros is going to form a defensive wall for us . Now we owe them one , don 't we , Princess ? Yes . Age ... Do it . The Tribe of Bronze 's battleships ! Starboard side VE block , primary armor damaged ! Shields are being synchronized ! Operating rate down 70 % ! Navigation system normal . Operating at full capacity . Take evasive maneuvers ! Prepare for the second attack ! We 're not going to make it ! Age ! That 's enough . I can 't stand to watch it . Why ... Why would you go to such lengths ? Age ! Age ! He 's okay . It seems he fell asleep out of exhaustion . - - " Iolaous is a wind . " - -What ? Those were Age 's words . He said your voice is a gentle and powerful wind . The ant heaps are leaving ! Controllers , remain on emergency alert . Write up all the damage on the ship . I want to know the condition of Titarros , as well . Yes , Master . The enemy Nodos didn 't intend to defeat Belcross . Was it just testing it ? But still , the battle of the Nodos was beyond our imagination ... Why did you initiate the fight with the Nodos ? Did your mission from the Tribe of Gold extend that far ? Although I have known you for a long time I never dreamed these feelings would sprout And I would fall in love with you Casually going home , as I look at the stars in the night sky I take the long way on purpose and lean on your shoulder as we walk You tell me you think we can overcome anything as long as we stay together I think as I look into your forthright eyes That I love you In order to take Age back to his mother planet , the Argonaut leaves the starway once again . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 6 : " The Cemetery Belt . "
