 Because that 's the truth of the words " come forth , " which the Tribe of Gold once said to us . Stars aren 't born only from the various powers that flow in the universe . The interaction of lives from different planets can also create starways . Filling this universe with starways ... I have already seen it ... That 's why we met Age . Tooku kirameku hoshi ni ikudo mo watashi wa negau Samayoeru kodou gravitation hikareau story Hajimari wa itsukara owari wa nanbito shirazu Mayakashi demo maboroshi demo naku sakaraenu nagare ( Kurai ) Yami ni sumishi mamono ( Blight ) Tayasuku nomikomareru youni watashi wa ( Eiyuu wo motomu ) Mezame arugamama Arishi yume ni arasoi wa tsukimono to kami ga iunara Kono mi kirisaite demo looking for Hana wo mune ni ugokidashita kodou wa dare nimo can 't stop Fureau ga sadame I shall now entrust the one who guides the planets beyond the starways with the memories that I have been governing . The name of the planet which only you can find is Elysium . Princess ! I 'm all right . The memories are presented in a different way , that 's all . Return your consciousness to a blank and just keep opening your heart . Mehitak ! It 's foolish to listen in any longer . The belief that the power of the Tribe of Gold is still hidden somewhere is itself just an illusion . But there 's no basis for you to make that assumption . The Tribe of Gold abandoned this universe , and us , without a reason or an explanation . But the past and the fact that you refuse to accept the existence of the power have no connection . I agree with Rom Ror . The Tribe of Gold betrayed us . But their true intention is unclear . It 's not a reason to stop their dialogue . Let 's see what happens . I agree . Let 's see . I agree . No need to worry . My fellow beings also have hopes for this . They look to our dialogue to establish order . Can you feel it ? The place in the universe where the Tribe of Gold emerged a long , long time ago . The memory of the Elysium , which is called the " coffin of wisdom . " I can feel the strong will has been passed down from far , far away in a distant time . It looks as though the choice was not mistaken . The memories and the emotions that I have been governing may have been there just so that I could entrust them to you . It appears that the majority of our fellow beings now agree with me . So that means ... Most of your fellow beings will escape destruction for now . However , that reprieve is only to review the possibility for you to discover the power of the Tribe of Gold . There are still a few who refuse to accept the possibility our dialogue has led to . Rom Ror will chase you as you head to Elysium , along with the Nodos that he rules . And if you fail to find the path , or if the power of the Tribe of Gold doesn 't exist even after you 've found the path , most of my fellow beings will once again favor the annihilation of the Tribe of Iron . I understand . But I strongly believe that the power of the Tribe of Gold does exist . I still can 't make a strong statement like that . The existence of their power is only suggested in the agreements of the Nodos . Aren 't the agreements of the Nodos indicating the path to all of us , every living being in this universe ? That is what I 'm thinking . The path ? The future ? I , too , was thinking that what the agreements indicate might be the future . Yes . The future we will never be able to attain if we give up without doing anything about it ... The best future we should reach ... That 's what I believe . I 'm glad that I met you . Me , too ... Something became very clear to me by meeting you . The power to show the path ... The power to create a starway lies within anyone . Anyone ? You have taken on the memories of the tribe by yourself and shown your tribe the path with your posture and actions . I will continue to show the path to the ones that I live with , too . By doing so , I suspect everyone will eventually awaken to the same power that I have . And if that happens ... Lives will be connected , and interact with each other between the planets . And that will become the power to create starways ... And this universe will be filled with starways . That is what the Tribe of Gold wanted . That was what they were trying to do in this universe . There 's no way the lowly Tribe of Iron understands what the Tribe of Gold was thinking ! The mentality and action called praying has sunk deep into distant memories , and nothing exists to be prayed to , either . However , if I were to express what I 'm thinking right now , " praying " would be an appropriate word . I pray that you will guide your fellow beings to Elysium , and discover the power of the Tribe of Gold . I thank you from the bottom of my heart . I thank you for the wisdom and the bold decision that you 've shown me ... And the fact that you believed in the possibility for order . - -Dhianeila-sama ! - -Dhianeila-sama ! Dhianeila-sama , you 're okay ! Thanks to Iolaous . Iolaous ? The princess is exhausted . I 'd like to ask the gentleman to leave . Excuse me ! Iolaous . Thank you . I 'll meditate now . Dhianeila-sama , you should get some rest . There 's no time to rest . I must find the path as soon as possible . I believe this will be the last chance for us to put an end to the war against the Tribe of Silver . Sooner or later the princess will show us the direction to the planet called Elysium . This is a journey where we don 't even know how long it 'll take us to get there . I understand that this will make you carry extra burden while you 're busily occupied with the fleet reorganization , but meanwhile please take care of the fleet , Nilval . The conversation between the princess and the Tribe of Silver got recorded , right ? Of course , Master . Send the record to all the fleets . And send that to Nilval as well with the message I just recorded . Understood . Elysium , an ancient planet that has lost its starway ... And the power of the Tribe of Gold ... Please show us a way , princess ... to the future which awaits at the end of this journey ... Does this mean that the dialogue reached a conclusion ? Is the Tribe of Iron really trying to find the way to the planet where everything began ? Prome-sama , you believe in the possibility and are now about to discover it . Then , may I too believe that something I can call a possibility exists even at the end of this war ? Age ... I feel it . You 're suffering in battle once again . Just like you told me to , I 'll only focus on moving forward for now ... with the faith that you will come for sure . The princess just indicated our first course . After several warps , we will leave the starway under the princess ' direction . Our final destination is the planet Elysium . Let 's go . While our Mr. Hero is fighting for us , we 'll do whatever it takes to get to the place that the princess showed us ! Warp in ! Fortunately , Artemia managed to escape the madness thanks to the exhaustion of its own power . But at this rate , either Kervius or Belcross will be forced to ... Time is running out . I 'll settle this as soon as possible . Lernaea ... Karkinos ! She 's not stopping ? Yuty ... Yuty ? Hasn 't she realized the presence of Karkinos ? Madness ! At this rate , Kervius will go down first . We 're going to jump , Erymanthos ! One more time ! Mehitak ! Mehitak . Karkinos . Yuty ... Stop ! Yuty ! Jump ! Erymanthos ! Age ? No one is here ... They are gone ... Karkinos ... Zutto mae kara kimi no koto shitteita kedo Konna kimochi mebaeru nante omowanakatta Masaka kimi ni koi suru nante Nanige nai kaerimichi yozora no hoshi wo miage nagara Wazato toomawari shite kimi no kata ni motarete aruku Futari de ireba donna kotodemo norikoeraresou to iu kimi no Massugu na me wo mitsumete omou Kimi wo aishiteru Yuty continues to suffer . And she directs her hatred toward ... Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 23 : " The Four . "
