 Dhianeila-sama ! Princess ! What 's happening ? ! Age ... My brothers did this , didn 't they ? I 'm coming , too . Please get the Argonaut ready to move out immediately ! Over and over again I wish on the dazzling star far away Wandering heartbeats , gravitation , the story of their attraction When did it begin ? No one knows the end of it It 's not a trick or an illusion , it 's a current that I can 't swim against ( Dark ! ) The monster that lives in the darkness ( Blight ! ) As if I were easily getting swallowed into it ( I seek a hero ! ) I awake as I truly am If God says conflicts and life 's old dreams go hand in hand I 'm looking for you even if it means ripping my body apart With a flower held to my heart , no one can stop this heartbeat now that it 's begun We 're destined to come in contact No matter how enormous its strength is , nothing can go against the flow of time . Not against the power of my Erymanthos ... Right there ! We 're going to jump , Erymanthos . Go back to seventy seconds ago ! That wasn 't it . All you have to do is stop his movement . I 'm sure that 's an easy task for you , Karkinos . Is it right there ? Lecty ! Don 't worry . She 's already made so many jumps ... It has to be somewhere ... the branching point where I can destroy just him . The past that should be possible ... Big Brother , the assembly of the remaining fleets has been completed . There 's no sign of the Tribe of Silver 's ships in the Identification zone . We believe that they have retreated to Mars , the next terminal planet on the starway . So they ran away , huh ? How about the Nodos ? He 's still fighting the enemy Nodos . It 's been over thirty hours . He is a monster , for sure . All troops , resume the advance ! We will proceed on the path that our Nodos opened up for us , and regain the planet of war , Mars ! Because of the destruction of Jupiter , the starways are now linked up between Mars and Saturn , and they seem to be stable . So , we didn 't have to lose the starway thanks to the fact that the distance between the planets was short . Yes , the entire fleet could have ended up adrift . But we got completely separated from the units behind us . The fact is , we 're now alone and unaided . All units have been ordered to advance on Mars immediately . I knew this was going to happen ... Those fools ! Kicking up their heels as soon as the enemy 's disappeared from their sight ? It 's obvious that the enemy is lying in wait on Mars . Should we suggest to the king that we rendezvous with the unit that was behind us , ma 'am ? He 's not going to listen to us , anyway . I know he 'll just continue to rely on Age and take reckless steps forward . If that 's the case , it 's possible that the same thing that happened to Jupiter might happen to Mars ... And if that happened , we 'd either turn the Earth into a battleground or finally lose the starway and find ourselves adrift . We 're going to seize authority from them before that happens . The god 's star has died ... Isn 't the star of brilliance awakening yet ? Communication with the heavy ship Surveyor has been lost ! How could they ... Aneasha . Captain . Special representatives from the planet Colonis , and the planet Orion , are requesting an audience with the princess . I 'll be right there . We 're extremely honored to have you with us on our planet , Princess Dhianeila . I 'm most thankful to the planet Colonis and the planet Orion for kindly agreeing to our request on such short notice . Your kind words are more than I deserve . To us , your power to find a path away from the starway in the darkness of space is godly . Being able to assist you gives us the utmost pleasure . Please feel free to ask us for anything you need . We 're most certain that the power of Princess Dhianeila will lead us to victory . Thank you . The Tribe of Iron is moving forward . It looks like they 're coming from the front . Let 's end it right here . This time , this place is going to be a battleground . This planet is going to be killed as well ... We will stop him before that happens . You 're two against one ! What 's taking so long ? Lecty ! You monster ... The option where only he gets destroyed has to be somewhere in the space-time flow . The Nodos is coming closer . He must be led by the starway . All four Nodos in one place ... This could cause madness . Going back seventy seconds isn 't good enough ? Lecty ? His absoluteness is beyond the range of the current jump ... If I jump any further I could be hit by the backlash from the energy of the space-time flow . Don 't push yourself too hard , Lecty . I 'll do the rest ... Don 't worry . I won 't let you fight . Let 's jump , Erymanthos . With all the power that 's available to us ! It can 't be happening ! Does this mean he 's absolute in the space-time flow ? I sense no doubt from the fifth Nodos whatsoever . A being that follows the agreement that 's given to him . Why did the Tribe of Gold give such a being to the Tribe of Iron ? To test us . To test whether we , the Tribe of Silver , could truly govern this universe in the place of the Tribe of Gold . Right now , the fifth Nodos is trying to divide the universe in half . There 's no stopping it , and it 'll eventually lead to ... The destruction created by the Tribe of Hero . Or ... More and more rescue fleets are coming together now . Let us move out as soon as possible ! Not just yet . There are more rescue units behind us . Wait until they 're all here . While we sit around like this Age is still out there , being forced to fight by himself , and the fleet will remain in harm 's way because of this reckless advance ! If we move out now , we 'll only end up finding ourselves ; being under the control of Meleagros . That would be pointless . Master , you have an incoming call from Lieutenant General Nilval . At Jupiter time 19 : 05 , the Federation fleet will resume their advance on Mars . What did you say ? I 'm afraid that this is a reckless advance , and they are relying on Age to cover them . At this rate , the entire fleet could end up perishing along with the Earth we are supposed to be reclaiming . Even after destroying Jupiter , the planet of an ancient god ... We have no time to waste . Princess , reorganizing the fleets is extremely urgent . Please make a decision . Dhianeila-sama . Aneasha , I ... Just believe in yourself . Please . Lecty ! This is my 18,000th loss ... I 'll go ! If I fight alongside with Karkinos- - Don 't do it , Mehitak ! He can 't control himself like Karkinos can . If he fights against more than two Nodos ... Madness ... When the madness of the Tribe of Hero led them to almost destroy this universe only the Tribe of Gold was able to stop them . But at this rate- - Erymanthos and I will try every option within our power . There must be a past somewhere where we can destroy him . Lecty ... Trust me . Karkinos ! His attacking power is exceeding Lernaea 's power to recover . Both Mehitak and Lecty are useless ! While Karkinos is still okay , I can get him- -No . - -Rom Ror ! Why are you flustered ? " Flustered " ... I don 't ... have emotions ! What is this ? What ? The space-time flow 's backlash is closing in on me ... Another dimension ... The impact I took in a different timeline is about to converge with this real time . Wh-What is this ? What 's going on ? My energy ... Erymanthos ' energy from 20,000 jumps will gather in one place . All the energy will flow into whichever one of us gives up first . Lecty ! Run ! I said , run ! Mehitak ! Age ... Although I have known you for a long time I never dreamed these feelings would sprout And I would fall in love with you Casually going home , as I look at the stars in the night sky I take the long way on purpose and lean on your shoulder as we walk You tell me you think we can overcome anything as long as we stay together I think as I look into your forthright eyes That I love you Changes in Belcross . That is the beginning of madness . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 14 : " The Raging One . "
