 They 've now arrived at the planet Dewey . It is spectacular , isn 't it ? They said all the representatives of the Humanity Federation planets would be attending . This is an historic moment for humankind . After all , they 'll be officially announcing the discovery of the Nodos . King Meleagros of Yunos of the Altria star system . For more than a century , we have faced the threat of the Tribe of Silver , that 's been trying to destroy humankind . However , the time has come for us to put an end to that long and painful history . I 'd like to announce , here and now , that we have successfully discovered the Nodos- - our savior ! In the prophecy of the Tribe of Gold , it is said that the Nodos will save humankind from extinction . Which can only mean that we are going to win the war against the Tribe of Silver ! I 'd like to take this opportunity to make a motion to the Humanity Federation Council to execute a counter-offensive operation ! A full-scale war , huh ? Yeah ... Tooku kirameku hoshi ni ikudo mo watashi wa negau Samayoeru kodou gravitation hikareau story Hajimari wa itsukara owari wa nanbito shirazu Mayakashi demo maboroshi demo naku sakaraenu nagare ( Kurai ) Yami ni sumishi mamono ( Blight ) Tayasuku nomikomareru youni watashi wa ( Eiyuu wo motomu ) Mezame arugamama Arishi yume ni arasoi wa tsukimono to kami ga iunara Kono mi kirisaite demo looking for Hana wo mune ni ugokidashita kodou wa dare nimo can 't stop Fureau ga sadame You just accomplished a great feat most appropriate to the Yunos Family , Big Brother . The high-profile ambassadors will be coming to the party tonight . And everyone 's looking forward to seeing the Nodos . Have you heard from Dhianeila ? No , nothing yet . I already told you the importance of tonight 's party , didn 't I ? A lot of VIPs from each star system will be attending . They 'll be so turned off if they come and the savior isn 't there ! Try to put yourself in my shoes ! But I still can 't force him , Big Brother . What are you talking about ? He 's our Nodos , isn 't he ? I need him there tonight , no matter what ! It is your responsibility to make it happen . All right , Dhianeila ? Good grief , my sister is such a pain . I want Age to relax at least during our stay on Dewey . Once the all-out war against the Tribe of Silver starts , he won 't be able to take a break until it 's over . We don 't own Age . It 's only natural for us to respect his will . But I do understand where my brother is coming from . We should probably introduce Age to the people of the Federation . And I don 't blame them for wanting to meet Age , either . Should I ask Age one more time ? Ask Age what ? About tonight 's party . My brother is dying to have you there . M-e-l-e-a-g-r-o-s ? Yes . Aren 't you going , Dhianeila ? - -No . - -Then Age will stay with Dhianeila . So , will you attend the party if I go ? No . Age is going to swim . We 'll have to let my brother know . I 'll tell him that it 's taking time to convince him , Dhianeila-sama . Thanks . What did I try to do just now , and why ? Only lowly tribes have such things as emotions ... Karkinos still hasn 't come to . It 's not your fault , Mehitak . I don 't want to fight anymore . Your Majesty , it is our honor to be invited to today 's party . We 're excited to have you here , Ambassador , Madam . I see many important people from the Federation here tonight . It goes to show how respected you are . When will the savior be here ? It seems he 's running a little late , but he 'll be here soon . I suppose it 's a part of the show to tease us all ? You could say that . Will Dhianeila-sama be here as well ? No ... She seems to be very exhausted from the long journey . She 's been recuperating at the vacation house . I 'm sorry to hear that . I really wanted to offer my congratulations to the person who discovered the Nodos ... It can 't be helped . She 's just returned from a major journey . Dhianeila is the pride of the Yunos family ! I 'm very proud to have such an intelligent sister , as well . If it weren 't for Dhianeila-sama , we might never have encountered the Nodos . It looks like the savior flaked on us , again . All they ever want to talk about is Dhianeila . I 'm the one who made the Argonaut , for crying out loud ! Without me , there would 've been no Nodos discovery ! That 's right . So you just be proud and stand tall ! You don 't like parties ? There 've been parties almost every night since we 've been back . Good point . Fighting may be easier to do for soldiers , I guess . But this is also a part of our duty as knights . Of course . I saw the battle records . I 'm quite impressed with the Nodos . He 's on a different level . True . But it might be possible for my Quental Unit to have high-level collaboration with the Nodos . I felt that way when I saw the records . Oh , hey , I apologize if I offended you . I didn 't mean to say that your Yunos Knight Unit is inferior to mine . No need to worry about my feelings , Atalantes-sama . It 's true we couldn 't do anything but watch him fight . I can 't wait to fight alongside the Nodos . It is hard to believe that these people are sitting on the doorstep of a full-scale war . This is the very epitome of today 's Altria . The Yunos family used to essentially be the leader of the Humanity Federation because of their rich natural resources . But now , they 've fallen to the level of this generous rich family , that 's just happy to be fawned on by others . Today 's royals are just there to waste the wealth of the star system . Are you saying that Dhianeila-sama can change that ? The princess is the one fit to be the leader . Now that we have the Nodos , the day for her to stand above those thick-skulled brothers of hers will surely come in the near future . And the Yunos family will regain the brilliance that they once had . In order to do that , we must win the war against the Tribe of Silver first . There 's nothing to worry about . I believe that the princess will lead us to victory . I believe that Age will be the princess ' strength . What a quiet night ... It makes all the battles we 've had seem unreal . Just like Olone . It 's quiet at night and you can see lots of stars . Age , can I ask you something ? Yeah . Did the Tribe of Gold talk to you about what awaits at the end of the war ? Dad and the others said Dhianeila would lead us there . I would ? So , you 're not the one who 'll lead me there ? Dunno . I see . The fifth one is now with the Tribe of Iron . There will be more forces rising up against us . Letting the Tribe of Iron live will disturb the order of the universe . What now ? We 'll go after him and find him . We 'll use all the Nodos and obliterate him completely . All the Nodos ... Phaetho O. Yes , Rom Ror ? Go and see Prome O. Why ? I feel fear . Go and see Prome O. That is her purpose . The Yunos family owns the Nodos . And so he must be under control of the head of the family , which is me . But look at the reality . I can 't even make him attend a party . You 're too easy on Dhianeila . If I were you , I 'd give the Nodos orders directly . But she 's a fearsome person . She peeks inside your head and reads your thoughts . You can 't consider her telepathic ability a power ! You command the Calydonian Unit , the most powerful fleet in the Humanity Federation . Now that 's true power ! It 's not enough yet . With the savior Nodos under me , I 'll become the king of all humankind ! I 'm sorry to do this on your day off , Captain Mobeedo . I didn 't know what to do with all the free time , anyway . You see , a sailor on land has nothing to do . Then what about me , who 's stuck with desk work all day ? Just the thought of it gives me a chill ! Anyway , what did you want to talk to this sharp-tongued sailor about ? Give me your take on how to handle the Nodos . Handle him ? We 've been discussing organizing the Federation fleet ever since we received the motion from His Majesty , but after reading your report , it doesn 't look like the Nodos can work as a part of an organization . That means Age is capable of making decisions for himself and fighting on his own . In every situation he 's in , he understands exactly what needs to be done 100 % . In other words , he can function no matter which ship he 's on ? Council deliberations are nothing but democratic formalities . It 's just a matter of time before they begin the counter-offensive operation against the Tribe of Silver . It 's already been decided that the Calydonian fleet is going to be the center of the operation . I received the unofficial announcement this morning that I 'd be appointed as the executive commander of the Federation fleet . Well , congratulations to you , Big Brother . So what did you do to make that happen ? Nothing . I just told them that the Altria star system would pay half of the expenses for the counter-offensive operation . That 's all . So basically , Age is going to be on the Calydonian Fleet 's flagship , the Althaia ? There 's a high possibility . It 's a part of the setup to appoint Meleagros-sama as the executive commander . If that 's the deal , it 's probably a foregone conclusion that the Althaia will become the Federation fleet 's flagship and Age will get stationed there . Everything will be determined at the next emergency general meeting , Princess . Thank you , Captain . Let 's see what they decide . Princess , is Age going to leave us ? Even if that happened , it still wouldn 't change the fact that Age fights for humankind . But it was you who found Age , Princess ! Age should stay with the Argonaut ! We only did our duty . Do you really think so , Dhianeila-sama ? Age is already a member of our ship 's crew . He 's our irreplaceable friend . Yuty ? L-Let me go ! I 'm sorry . I thought you were him . It 's okay . What happened to the fifth one ? Alive and well . How about Mehitak and Lecty ? They 're standing by , of course . I can go , too . I must ... fight ... You have to fight , whether you like it or not . But it 's pointless to send you out there unless you 're in good condition . I 'm well enough now . This time I 'm going to kill him for sure , even if I have to die myself . Yeah ... I must overcome the fear and fight . Prome O , I 'll give you this fear , which was planted in me , in order to eliminate its cause . I 'm the one who governs the emotions of the tribe . That is to maintain the universal reason . Phaetho O , you shall entrust me with everything . All your fear is now with me . Lecty , child of time ... Did you hear it ? Yes . Tell me what you think . Emotions are something that you are born with . They 're not something you plant , but rather something that sprouts from within . I agree . But we of the Tribe of Silver have deemed them unnecessary . And if we didn 't have any emotions , there 'd be no need for Mehitak to suffer . Or for you to worry about him , either ... I wonder why the Tribe of Gold left us agreements that give us such suffering ... I know this much ... That we can never get away from the agreements . We must fight till the very end . The Humanity Federation Council has now reached a decision to execute a counter-offensive operation against the Tribe of Silver . And we 'd also like to name King Meleagros of Yunos as the executive commander of the Federation fleet ! I humbly accept this great mission . Humankind has been given the Nodos by the Tribe of Gold , and it is our duty to end the Tribe of Silver 's dictatorship . The war we 're about to fight is a holy war where we will reclaim the Earth , which was once robbed from us , and restore freedom to the entire universe once again ! As the executive commander of the Federation fleet , I 'd like to make a request to the Council . I seek your approval to officially station the Nodos to our battleship Althaia . Althaia is the flagship of the Federation fleet . Right . It shouldn 't be a problem . Shouldn 't we consider the fact that the Nodos has been in several actual battles alongside the Argonaut ? The most effective decision must be made here . Then we 'll debate this issue at a later date . Please wait ! The Nodos is our trump card ! As such , it 's only natural for us to place him on the flagship Althaia ! We must treat him very carefully , precisely because he is our trump card . Age stays with the Argonaut . So the Argonaut will join the Calydonian fleet ? Sounds like that 's what 's going to happen . I 'll be with the Althaia . I just received the transfer notice from the fleet command center . Did they have some kind of divine revelation ? There 's no doubt that it 's convenient . I just heard from Captain ! He said Age would stay with the Argonaut ! All right ! All right ! We have to say goodbye to this sky for a little while . So it 's decided , huh ? Yes . We 're going to move out in order to reclaim the Earth . Tonight , I think we 're going to have a beautiful starry sky , without a cloud in sight . I used to love this place when I was little . I came here very often . I used to think that the shooting stars were having fun , chasing each other . And every time I saw a new twinkle I 'd get so excited , saying , " A new star was just born ! " I guess the same star had been there for a long time , but I just didn 't realize it until then . It was really born . What ? You can see that , Dhianeila . I guess this is goodbye , huh ? Age ... From now on , many stars will be wiped out and many paths will disappear . But you can find the paths for many people , Dhianeila . And as long as you 're there , many more stars and many more paths will be born . Thank you for bringing Age here . But from here on , Age can go alone . Goodbye , Dhianeila . Zutto mae kara kimi no koto shitteita kedo Konna kimochi mebaeru nante omowanakatta Masaka kimi ni koi suru nante Nanige nai kaerimichi yozora no hoshi wo miage nagara Wazato toomawari shite kimi no kata ni motarete aruku Futari de ireba donna kotodemo norikoeraresou to iu kimi no Massugu na me wo mitsumete omou Kimi wo aishiteru A single , tiny light shines on a scene of utter destruction ... Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 11 : " The Star of Brilliance . "
