 We 're expecting to complete both ship repairs and restocking within 90 minutes , Master . I was thinking I could give my crew some shore leave next time we visited a port , but ... I can see signs of stress and exhaustion in you as well , Master . Would you like to rest a little ? I wish I could take my mind off things , but ... Just like him . I never dreamed that Titarros , a complete stranger to hostilities all this time , would become the battleground of a Nodos fight . However , it doesn 't seem that the Tribe of Silver is going to blame us for this incident . For them to be silent about this has proven Titarros ' neutrality , which I 'd recognize as our gain . But this particular battle has become news galaxy-wide . I 'm well aware of that , Assistant Officer . You will indeed become the hope of the people who have been exposed to the threat of the Tribe of Silver . May the guidance of the stars be with Princess Dhianeila and her people . May their guidance be with you as well , Your Excellency . Tooku kirameku hoshi ni ikudo mo watashi wa negau Samayoeru kodou gravitation hikareau story Hajimari wa itsukara owari wa nanbito shirazu Mayakashi demo maboroshi demo naku sakaraenu nagare ( Kurai ) Yami ni sumishi mamono ( Blight ) Tayasuku nomikomareru youni watashi wa ( Eiyuu wo motomu ) Mezame arugamama Arishi yume ni arasoi wa tsukimono to kami ga iunara Kono mi kirisaite demo looking for Hana wo mune ni ugokidashita kodou wa dare nimo can 't stop Fureau ga sadame It 's nice to see him full of energy , but ... How many hours has he been doing this now ? This is what you get for telling him that everyone would be happy if he helped out ! This is what you get for telling him he 'd get to draw a big picture ! - -It 's your fault ! - -No , your fault ! - -Princess ! - -Princess ! How are you feeling ? Great ! Slept a whole lot ! I see . That 's a relief . Drawing pictures is fun , huh ! Oww ! Well , we 'll have to go soon . Let 's go inside , Age . Yeah . Releasing the locks on the ship . Activate the gyrostabilizer . Running on 0.2 % output . Leaving the dock . We 're heading to the starway as scheduled . So long , Titarros , huh ? Why didn 't you try to destroy the fifth one , Karkinos ? I didn 't want to destroy a planet with bystanders for a battle between Nodos . Daedalus is a low-class tribe that hasn 't even been awarded a title from the Tribe of Gold . So why would you care ? Destroying that planet means destroying a terminal planet important to the Tribe of Silver . No one is capable of creating planets like the Tribe of Gold . And because of that , the Tribe of Silver has decided not to rebuke that planet any more . They just don 't have time to be messing around with a tiny planet like that . Do not forget that all of you have agreements given to you by the Tribe of Gold . Under your agreements , each tribe you belong to is in the control of us , the Tribe of Silver . Ignoring those agreements could lead to the destruction of your own tribe . You go next , Mehitak . What ? M-Me ? I 'll go again . You two go together . Mehitak , you destroy the ship with the Nodos onboard . Do not let them take the fifth one to the Tribe of Iron . I ... So you 'd go all out in a battle as long as it wasn 't on a planet , Karkinos ? Of course . The result of the battle on the planet Titarros deserves admiration ! We heartily applaud your valiant battle , and also wish you a safe voyage from the bottom of our hearts . We 'd like to wish you all the best with your journey ! That was the 20th one . Looks like every single terminal planet we were hoping to enter has refused to let us in . They 've got a lot of excuses . Abnormal weather , possible collapse of the gravitational balance , the spaceport being under repair ... At least they were praising us for what we 've done . I can 't believe how obvious they are about it . Everyone 's scared of the Tribe of Silver . They don 't have any reason to let us in at such great cost . On top of that , I 'm sure they 've been informed that the Nodos were involved in the battle . Every planet is desperately refusing us in order to protect their own planets from destruction . At this rate , all the starways will be closed , and we 'll be forced to drift . Now that it 's come to this , I suggest we make the existence of our Nodos public and force our way in . We can 't do that ! We can 't sacrifice so many planets that are essential to this universe , only for the sake of us humans ! So ... We should leave the starway . We have traveled this far so that we could reclaim the hope of humankind . However , at this rate , we 'll probably end up spreading war and fear unnecessarily . I will find the path which we must take to move forward . I ask you all to please believe in the guidance of the stars , - -and give me your support , - -I wonder what we 're going to do - -and give me your support , - -I wonder what we 're going to do - -so that we can take Age home safely - -if we get lost in space ? - -so that we can take Age home safely - -Will we be able to go home ? - -so that we can take Age home safely - -Will we be able to go home ? - -and rediscover a homeland for humankind , - -Don 't worry . - -and rediscover a homeland for humankind , - -Don 't worry . - -peace , and most of all , hope for every tribe . - -Dhianeila will take us there . - -peace , and most of all , hope for every tribe . Now is the time to remember the goal of this journey ! We are following the princess ' will , in order to claim freedom and the right to exist ! This is the decision made by the princess herself , and now she 's asking for our support . So why not work together ? This is the princess ' personal request ! We have no reason to turn it down ! The princess ' wish is our wish . No matter what happens , we 'll devote ourselves to helping her ! The report states that each section agrees with the princess ' suggestion . We were supposed to take the Nodos back home , but because of him , we find ourselves drifting about . But the spirits inside the ship are now higher than ever . Jeez , I don 't get it . Looks like this is going to be fun , Master . Oh well , now 's when we find out whether we and the princess really do have the devil 's own luck ! Each section must strictly adhere to their shift lengths to prepare for enemy attack . For those who 're scheduled to attend the liaison conference , do not forget to submit the report beforehand . Listen to the Captain . Sounds like he 's all fired up . Great work ! I want all of you to keep it up and prepare for battle . Yes , Leader ! Do people tell you that you and your father sound alike ? Unlike the Captain , I don 't tell the princess what I think . Even if this journey were filled with agony , I would still just obey the princess . I like this journey , you know . How all the servants , the knight units , the Captain , the troops , and every section can come together like this ... Stuff like this has never happened on any other planet of Altria before . Under normal circumstances , I don 't think you could make friends with a servant like myself . So you should be happy about it . - -Good point . - -Huh ? It 's encouraging just to know that you 're around . I-Isn 't it ? You have the healing power and you 're always by the princess ' side . For us , who care about the princess ' well-being , there 's nothing more encouraging than that . The princess , huh ? They said Age could eat them as long as Age takes care of them ! Good for you ! We 'll be counting on you from now on ! They 're counting on Age ! Age , we will need to rely on you more and more . So please , under the twelve agreements , protect us ... It tastes good ! Age likes Dhianeila . - -Did you hear that ? - -Did you hear that ? Age and Belcross like everyone on the Argonaut . So it 's okay . - -Bummer ! - -Oh , that 's what he meant . What can I do for you in return ? Besides reviving the planet Olone . Tell me what I can do for you personally . Age wants you to take us there , Dhianeila . Where would that be ? To everyone 's future . Future ... Aren 't you going to eat it ? I am . Thanks . - -Princess ! - -Wash it first ! - -Oh my ... - -Oh my ... It 's good ! My Master , Prome O , thanks you for this opportunity to speak with you . Lecty ... The child of time . Come this way . Let 's have a talk . Thank you , Prome-sama . Is this about the fifth Nodos ? Yes , Prome-sama . And also about the agreements that bind us . I 've captured it . We mustn 't let them carry the Nodos any further than they already have . The Tribe of Bronze ! All personnel to emergency battle stations ! Begin raising the top deck . The top deck will be repositioned to the battle bridge ! Section managers , prepare for the floor plate transfer ! Linkage of the plates completed . Floor plate , ascending to the isolated area on the rooftop . Floor plate repositioning completed . Closing the isolating partitions on the rooftop . Ant heaps are pursuing our ship at regular intervals ! There are more ant heaps now ! 30 detected as of now . They didn 't call the news galaxy-shaking for nothing ! Looks like they know that we 're alone and un-aided . A belt of asteroids is detected on the ship 's course . I 'll put it on the screen . The Cemetery Belt ... The graveyard of space ... A battle in the graveyard , huh ? Not bad . With this many floating objects , it should be easy to trick their eyes . Right , Bee ? I think it is advantageous for Organ Units . We will now proceed to the Cemetery Belt and intercept the enemy ! Winning this battle is not our priority . We 'll throw the enemy off and get clear away ! All of you , just think about making a glorious return home alive ! Organ Units , stand by to move out ! Where 's that monkey ? - -Found him ? - -No . Where did Age go ? Maybe he 's ... You may be right . Enemy troops entering the Cemetery Belt . It 's the Tribe of Bronze in various forms . Estimated number of individual craft , 3,000 ! Make a pre-emptive attack and throw them into confusion ! Organ Units , move out ! First unit , develop a formation centering around the Argonaut immediately ! We 'll make preparations to receive the injured . If you see anyone who 's too over-worked , bring them here and make them get some rest . No excuses ! Enemies in area D-28 , 98 % eliminated . They 're coming from the front , too ! Units 5 and below , follow me ! The rest of you stay here and defend the Argonaut with your lives . Don 't let them get any closer ! Age ? He 's coming . The Nodos that you fought against in Titarros ? Right . And another one . Two Nodos ? Age and Belcross will fight . Those two and the other two . Four total ! - -Are you sad ? - -What ? I 'm putting everyone in danger ... When I think about it , I get scared . - -Dhianeila is doing the right thing . - -What ? Because you did what Dad and the others said . You mean the Tribe of Gold ? Belcross will make a path . So you go straight down the path you want to take . If you do that we can meet again . We can meet again ... ? Time to go . Why would you go so far to protect us ? The future ... We 'll be sure to repay you . We promise . Shock wave detected . The enemy force that was fanning out on our scheduled course is now gone ! Is that the monkey ? Attention Organ Units . Our Nodos is creating a way out for us ! All the units deployed towards the front area of the ship , retreat immediately so you don 't get caught in the fight on the way out ! Are you going to fight all by yourself , Age ? This is your last chance . Surrender to us . Otherwise ... What a shame . What 's that ? The damage caused by the battle between those two Nodos is spreading wider . Organ Units , you stay the hell away from that area ! What are you doing ? I-I ... Karkinos and Lernaea are fighting him . You go destroy the Tribe of Iron 's ship . What are you so afraid of ? You have already destroyed so many tribes using the power within you , haven 't you ? Did the Tribe of Gold know about this battle ? Did they know the agreement ordered our tribe to be taken hostage ? And the real meaning of it ... ? That monkey became the bait for us ... Age is going further and further away ... Age ... Zutto mae kara kimi no koto shitteita kedo Konna kimochi mebaeru nante omowanakatta Masaka kimi ni koi suru nante Nanige nai kaerimichi yozora no hoshi wo miage nagara Wazato toomawari shite kimi no kata ni motarete aruku Futari de ireba donna kotodemo norikoeraresou to iu kimi no Massugu na me wo mitsumete omou Kimi wo aishiteru A new Nodos , Artemia , closes in on the Argonaut , which has been fighting tirelessly . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 7 : " The Agreement . "
