 We won 't let you get away ! Go away ! They 're coming ! There are many , but I sense one there among them . Our Nodos is going to destroy you ! Kervius ... Yuty is going to fight . Tooku kirameku hoshi ni ikudo mo watashi wa negau Samayoeru kodou gravitation hikareau story Hajimari wa itsukara owari wa nanbito shirazu Mayakashi demo maboroshi demo naku sakaraenu nagare ( Kurai ) Yami ni sumishi mamono ( Blight ) Tayasuku nomikomareru youni watashi wa ( Eiyuu wo motomu ) Mezame arugamama Arishi yume ni arasoi wa tsukimono to kami ga iunara Kono mi kirisaite demo looking for Hana wo mune ni ugokidashita kodou wa dare nimo can 't stop Fureau ga sadame A section of the enemy 's encircling net is going to fall apart ! So they 're scared of our power , huh ? High-energy source detected ! It 's a Nodos ! Sh-Shoot it ! Big Brother , let me handle this ! The atmosphere surrounding the Nodos is distorted ! Our gunshots can 't reach it ! A-Atalantes ! We will use the main cannons . But that 's going to weaken the shield . It 'll also make the movement of this ship sluggish , won 't it ? It has enough power to destroy a whole planet in one shot . I 'm sure it can burn away even the Nodos ! If we kill the Nodos , it 'll bring down the enemy 's morale as well ! C-Command the fleets to the Althaia . Yes , sir ! - -Prepare to fire the main cannons ! - -Prepare to fire the main cannons ! Beginning to deploy the cannon barrels . Activating the gravity antiparticle accelerators from 1 to 12 . No error detected in any sensor . Forming the gravity prisms . Normal conduction is confirmed on the energy path . The accelerators are now ready . Command all the fleets in the area to aide the Althaia ! Braking rocket , explosive cartridge loaded . Damn monster ... We 'll show you ! Energy charge completed ! The main cannons are ready to fire ! Fire ! Direct hit confirmed ! Did we get it ? High-level gravity fluctuation ! The enemy Nodos is still alive ! Skelnel Fleet has been destroyed ! Wh-What ? What just happened ? Lights , stars and all of space-time are disappearing into a single point in the space-time continuum which has been halted forever . There 's no way to repel the most tyrannical power among the Tribe of Heroes , which swallows everything into the dimension of nothingness . Both the Nocturne and Sazare fleets have been destroyed ! It seems that the enemy Nodos is creating a load sphere similar to what a black hole is made of . Each fleet is requesting orders ! If the current attack continues , all fleets will be destroyed within 10 minutes ! A-All fleets ? This is not good ... Escape . Damn it ! Age ... Please ! Please save as many lives as possible ! Let 's go . Why ? Just like Age said , you are someone who must exist . I 'm sure that you see the path . The path that leads to a more peaceful place . And I don 't mind fighting for that ! Artemia is faster than Age 's Belcross . What are you doing ? There 's no time to be looking away ! - -Big brother ! - -Age is- - Age ? Come back , Iolaous . The enemy Nodos is attacking the flagship fleet ! Hostility is closing in ! From every which way ! We 've been attacked ! We 're engaging in battle ! Send backup immediately ! We 're completely surrounded ! We are unable to escape ! I repeat ! Send backup ! We 've finished picking up all Organ units . Change course . We 'll follow Belcross and head to rescue the Calydonian fleet . All fleets are now surrounded . To think only we , who left the starway , escaped this disaster ... The enemy 's base to be attacked never even existed in the first place . And now there 's no way out . We have been defeated . We 've picked up readings of a high-energy response near the Calydonian fleet . It 's believed to be the enemy Nodos . It looks like all the fleets in the rear also have been engaging in battle . Looks like we 've completely been outsmarted . There 's no point in whining . Continue to secure communications with each battlefront . We 'll figure out how to counter them . Yes , ma 'am ! Has the Argonaut contacted us yet ? No , it hasn 't . Guiding star ... Show us a way ... Where are you ? Where ? All the five Nodos are about to come together . Just like the contradictory agreements suggest ... Get away from the Nodos ! Quickly ! Retreat ! We 're going to withdraw from the fleet ! 32 % of all ships have been destroyed . 25 % are unable to fight ! The enemy ships have blocked every direction ! Advance fleets have been destroyed ! A-Atalantes ! Keep the formation ... Keep the formation ... Supergravity field approaching ! We 're unable to escape ! A-Atalantes ! What is this ? It can 't be ... He can even block Kervius ' power ? The supergravity field has disappeared . Oh ! That 's our Nodos ! Is the other one the enemy Nodos whose attack he avoided in the battle on Mars ? Great ! It looks like our savior is ruling the enemy Nodos ! Why did he come back ? This is the first time ever for Mehitak to show his willingness to fight . Karkinos . I 'm not going to kill him . I 'll only accept Mehitak 's will . You stay here . We need one of us to be uninjured in case someone goes mad . The power of Erymanthos is more appropriate for the role than my Lernaea . What if your agreement suggests death ... Ever since the day I realized that I was a Nodos , I have been dedicating my life to protecting Yuty rather than my own tribe . Just take care of the rest for me . Karkinos ... It would be a disaster if we get caught in the middle of the Nodos fight , Big Brother . All right . Regroup our forces while that thing is fighting for us . Yes , sir ! Attention all fleets ! We are going to withdraw from this area ! What made you face this battle , Mehitak ? The five Nodos assemble ... If this is also the will of the Tribe of Gold , what exactly does it mean ? The Tribe of Gold abandoned this universe . And the Tribe of Iron that they gave the Nodos to will perish from this universe ... Gravity-wave type pattern not found in the battle data ! Each ship must evacuate . We 're going to withdraw from the battle area . Hurry up ! We 're going to get caught up in it ! What are you doing ? Faster ! We can 't go any faster . Due to the energy loss from the usage of the main cannons , the output power is- - Then try to burst through even if you have to run into the escort ships ! Are you going to fight alone , Yuty ? Just as I thought , Yuty fears Karkinos ' death . His death , which is indicated in the agreement ... If someone goes mad , can Erymanthos and I stop that ? Or is me seeing the destruction through the reason why I 'm here ? High-dimension spatial distortion detected ! All the signals indicating the activities of the flagship fleet are now gone . The flagship fleet got wiped out ... Each battlefront is going to be very upset about this news ... If we don 't do something right away , they 're going to fall apart like a chain reaction . Appoint a rendezvous point and send the message to all the remaining fleets ! The invasion of Codomos was a failure . We 're going to withdraw ! Surviving through this is our top priority ! A message came from the Azz-Azoth fleet . It seems the flagship fleet has been wiped out . A rendezvous point has been given to all the remaining fleets . Any information regarding Belcross ? There 's none . Should we head to the rendezvous point ? Find the closest battlefront . We 'll go there and open up an escape route . Yes , Master . It 's over ... We 're going to save as many of our comrades as possible for now . The flagship fleet was completely wiped out ... No way ... Age ... There . Found at last . Huh ? What did you find , Princess ? There 's a member of the Tribe of Silver who is not hostile towards us . I 'm going to beg that person for help and reconciliation . Wh-What did you say ? Do you mean you 're going to surrender ? We need to find out why this person isn 't hostile towards us . B-But ... Change course for Planet Codomos . But that 's the mother planet of the Tribe of Silver ! We don 't have any other way . What a courageous decision she 's made , as always ! Change course ! We 're heading to Planet Codomos ! Send the message to all the fleets ! Bring everyone who 's willing to follow the princess ' guidance ! Tell them to head to the Tribe of Silver 's mother planet as initially scheduled if they want to survive ! Yes , Master ! To think the planet which was supposed to become the most brutal battleground has turned out to be the last hope for our survival ... Talk about the devil 's own luck ... What if the agreements the five of us have conflict with one another ... Why did the Tribe of Gold allow us to have contradictory agreements ? Just which one is going to survive ? Silver or Iron ... Which one ? Zutto mae kara kimi no koto shitteita kedo Konna kimochi mebaeru nante omowanakatta Masaka kimi ni koi suru nante Nanige nai kaerimichi yozora no hoshi wo miage nagara Wazato toomawari shite kimi no kata ni motarete aruku Futari de ireba donna kotodemo norikoeraresou to iu kimi no Massugu na me wo mitsumete omou Kimi wo aishiteru Prome and Dhianeila . The conversation between the two leads to a new destination . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 21 : " The Planet Codomos . "
