 The Tribe of Iron ... They should be destroyed . Fire ! Tooku kirameku hoshi ni ikudo mo watashi wa negau Samayoeru kodou gravitation hikareau story Hajimari wa itsukara owari wa nanbito shirazu Mayakashi demo maboroshi demo naku sakaraenu nagare ( Kurai ) Yami ni sumishi mamono ( Blight ) Tayasuku nomikomareru youni watashi wa ( Eiyuu wo motomu ) Mezame arugamama Arishi yume ni arasoi wa tsukimono to kami ga iunara Kono mi kirisaite demo looking for Hana wo mune ni ugokidashita kodou wa dare nimo can 't stop Fureau ga sadame W-Withdraw ! There are just too many of them ! R-Retreat ! No way are we getting involved in the Nodos ' fight ! How could you so easily abandon someone who fights for you ? Spread out ! We 're going to get caught in it ! Second engine damaged ! Second engine damaged ! This is not good ! I can 't shake them off ! Beginning with the fleets on the front line , have them retreat in sequence ! All the fleets in the rear , cover for them with everything you 've got ! Access the tactical database . Our first priority is to match their fighting power ! Roger . What 's going on with Belcross ? Engaging in battle with the Tribe of Bronze on the satellite orbit . To think there 's no way to let him know our strategy ... When I helped out Karkinos , that fifth one didn 't try to fight him anymore . He doesn 't really want to destroy anything ... But he 's standing at the forefront of the Tribe of Iron . Even being unable to get any help from his own people ... All by himself ... Why ? It must be because that 's his agreement . I wish there were no agreements ... Age ... What do you think you 're doing ? ! Let all the units make a charge at the enemy ! It is unforgivable to keep on humiliating ourselves like this in the presence of an ancient god ! But our priority is to make sure we can match their forces . We 'll drag them into a chase along Jupiter 's orbital path for about 1 / 8 of a cycle . Are you telling me to run away from them for three months ? I would use the main cannon if I were you . Main cannon ? Set fire to Jupiter by dropping that moon onto it . The thing 's turned into a Tribe of Bronze hotbed , anyway . What did you just say ? Even the Tribe of Silver 's fleet will be damaged by a burst of energy on that scale . But that will cause damage to our fleet , too ! Some damage is inevitable . Do you want us to destroy a planet of the solar system with our own hands ? Fine ! Get ready to fire the main cannon ! Your Majesty ! I don 't want to harm the planet of an ancient holy god , either . But we just can 't show our back to the enemy . The Nodos is in the middle of a battle in Jupiter 's magnetic field ! Something like this wouldn 't kill the Nodos , anyway . What are you basing that on ? ! Ready to fire the main cannon ! Target the moon Io ! Move all the fleets off the orbit now ! I 'm rescinding that order ! Do not fire no matter what ! You bitch , what are you doing ? Explain yourself . Not only will we damage our own allies , you 're talking about humankind harming that planet ! You could end up completely demoralizing all the soldiers ! I see . Big Brother ! Nilval Nephew has gotten scared , Atalantes . She just couldn 't take the pressure of executing the operation ! She 's now removed from her post . Get her out of here . Considering your popularity among soldiers , I won 't get you arrested . You 'd better be thankful for that . How foolish ! Beginning deployment of the cannon barrels . Activating gravity antiparticle accelerators from No. 1 to No. 12 . No errors detected in any of the sensors . Building gravitational prism . Energy path , normal conduction confirmed . Just like the princess said , this is a large-scale state of war . Jupiter and Mars ... I guess they won 't be able to get by without being affected by this fight , huh ? I wonder if that fleet can really burst through by itself ... We have no choice but to place our hope in our Nodos . And who in the world is going to help Age then ? What 's the matter ? Something is ... Something ? Something is about to begin ! Something very frightening ... Accelerators ready to go . All blocks check . Finished deploying the cannon barrels . Terminating amplifier activated . Braking rocket , explosive cartridge loaded . " When the planet dies " ... Main cannon , ready to fire . All right ! Big Brother . Fire ! Io , beginning to fall ! The Tribe of Bronze factions that were inside are now running away . Their own planet ? Is that the reason why the Tribe of Silver is trying to destroy them ? Deploy ! Dhianeila-sama ! - -Princess ! - -Princess ! What 's happening ? ! Age ... Age ! Look at that ! They 're scattering . That was a brilliant strategy , Atalantes . Thank you , Big Brother . We 've lost sight of the Nodos ! I believe he got caught in the explosion ! Find him ! We still need that monster to do more work . Don 't let this chance slip away ! Get into formation and charge at the enemy ! Charge at the enemy right after the fleet just got torn apart ? Those idiots ... As long as the ship can hold itself together , keep on sending this horrible sight to the Argonaut ! Push it back ! What ? ! J-Jupiter is ... Atalantes ! Th-The Tribe of Silver 's interference wasn 't in the database ! Sooner or later there will be a panic . And we 'll take that opportunity to take over the ship , then make all the surviving fleets withdraw from this area . Got it ? The Tribe of Iron ... You choose to perish along with those foolish ones , Belcross ? Go , Karkinos ! Karkinos entered the battle . I shall begin as well . - -If it 's too hard ... - -Hmm ? I 'll do it . After all , Lecty , you 're a girl ... I 'll do it . I will be fine . Thank you . This is the latest info from Nilval . As you can see , as a result of King Meleagros ' choice of orders ... Jupiter was destroyed . What have they done ? D-Dhianeila-sama ! Your condition- - Princess , may I ask why you 're here ? To find out what happened . I knew that you were secretly communicating with Commander Nilval . My brothers did this , didn 't they ? It seems that the Federation fleet has sustained significant damage . The whereabouts of our Nodos are unknown , as well . We must immediately rebuild all the units and reorganize the fleet . Princess , seventeen Federation fleets , including everyone who reports to Lieutenant General Nilval , and the units from neutral star systems , have already secretly agreed to obey your orders . Are you telling me to carry out a coup d 'état ? Now ... Now is not the time to do that . I 'm sure many damaged fleets will try to come back . We must take them all in at any cost , and try to save as many lives as possible . Let 's move the rear units to the terminal planet on the front lines right away and have them get ready for a rescue operation . I 'm coming , too . Please get the Argonaut ready to move out immediately ! Yes , Princess ! Traffic map complete . Entering the route to our destination . Setting warp with acquired horoscopes . Begin warp process . To think the princess , who 's been afraid to touch others ' minds , came into a room full of people ... She didn 't turn down the plan itself . The awakening of our star is near , Nilval . Are you still out there fighting all by yourself , even after the fleet abandoned you ? Age ... I feel the presence of Age . We should have stayed with him instead of letting him go by himself . Do you think I am arrogant for feeling that way ? I didn 't even try to stop him ... That man who fights alone ... Personally , I think he chose to do so for you , Dhianeila-sama . What ? May I tell you something ? Sure . Please stop pretending . We will all gladly go with you on the path that you choose . Yes , Aneasha . All sails down . Activating dimension ripper . This fleet is now moving out to rescue the Federation fleet . All ships warp in ! No matter how enormous its strength is , nothing can go against the flow of time . Not against the power of my Erymanthos ... Right there ! We 're going to jump , Erymanthos . Go back to seventy seconds ago ! Zutto mae kara kimi no koto shitteita kedo Konna kimochi mebaeru nante omowanakatta Masaka kimi ni koi suru nante Nanige nai kaerimichi yozora no hoshi wo miage nagara Wazato toomawari shite kimi no kata ni motarete aruku Futari de ireba donna kotodemo norikoeraresou to iu kimi no Massugu na me wo mitsumete omou Kimi wo aishiteru Erymanthos makes a leap back in time . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 13 : " The Battle in the Space-Time Flow . "
