 Far , far away , in a distant time . In the outer space of this universe there was a tribe called the Tribe of Gold . They , who created planets and had the power to foresee the future , called out to the still-primitive other tribes . The tribes that responded to their call were the Tribe of Silver , the Tribe of Bronze , the Tribe of Hero , and the Tribe of Iron . Before long , the Tribe of Gold left this universe for another universe . After they left , the Tribe of Silver declared itself the successor of the Tribe of Gold and ruled over the other tribes . And in view of its possession of the last Nodos , the Tribe of Silver regarded the Tribe of Iron , in other words humankind , as their enemy . They decided to destroy us . Tooku kirameku hoshi ni ikudo mo watashi wa negau Samayoeru kodou gravitation hikareau story Hajimari wa itsukara owari wa nanbito shirazu Mayakashi demo maboroshi demo naku sakaraenu nagare ( Kurai ) Yami ni sumishi mamono ( Blight ) Tayasuku nomikomareru youni watashi wa ( Eiyuu wo motomu ) Mezame arugamama Arishi yume ni arasoi wa tsukimono to kami ga iunara Kono mi kirisaite demo looking for Hana wo mune ni ugokidashita kodou wa dare nimo can 't stop Fureau ga sadame Hey , how about this one ? Hmm ... - -What about something like this ? - -Huh ? Lemme see it . Which one should I pick ? The one that 'd cheer him up ! He 's pretty depressed , you know . Dhianeila ! What the heck , Age ? ! You scared us ! What is that ? Photo . Age ! Hey , he said it again ! He 's like a kid ! " M-e " ? Yeah , exactly . You 're already 16 years old . It sounds funny when you call yourself your own name . Me ... I wish I was born as a monkey , too . Don 't be so depressed . I hope this will cheer you up , Big Brother . Just send us the usual amount . I 'll pay for them all at the end of the month . There are so many of them ! Iolaous ! One , two , three . Four ! Four of us ! He can count up to four , now . Nice progress , right ? We taught him ! Why did you bring him here ? Because we can 't stop him . Our power doesn 't work on him . Just because he happens to have the Tribe of Hero within ... Forget what you saw here ! Got it ? Iolaous likes Dhianeila ! I just told you to forget about it , didn 't I ? Yeah ! I 'm sure they 're aware that we 're being pursued by the Tribe of Silver . However , Titarros is a neutral terminal planet . As long as we pay them , we shouldn 't have a problem getting supplies ... So the problem is the Nodos , huh ? Right . They are neutral , but technically the Planet Titarros is located in the area controlled by the Tribe of Silver . If they find out that we have the Nodos , they might notify the Tribe of Silver . I just hope he 'll stay quiet while we 're docked ... Nope , not much hope of that . It is the monkey we 're talking about . I 'll bet he 'll get even more excited because of the unfamiliar surroundings . I guess we 'll ask the princess to give him a good talking to . Don 't eat them , okay ? Okay . They 're important things for everyone . That 's right . We share them with everyone . The Argonaut has " everyone . " It 's nice . Oh , right , Age has no family . Dhianeila , Aneasha . We 've brought him . Thank you . It seems that you are always together . I just hope that these two aren 't teaching him anything weird . Age , we need to talk to you . What ? This ship will be arriving at a planet called Titarros soon . Dhianeila 's planet ? No . We 're still far , far away from the Altria System . We 're going to stop at Titarros to replenish our supplies . And regarding that , we 'd like to ask you a favor . While we 're at Titarros , can you stay inside the ship and behave yourself ? When we arrive at Titarros , even if you want to go outside the ship , I want you to restrain yourself and stay in . Why ? Because ... We don 't want to alarm the people there unnecessarily . You know , there 's Belcross inside you , right ? Yeah . We 're okay with that , because it 's helped us many times before , but the people who don 't know anything about it will be shocked . So , it 's best to keep things about you secret from them and pretend that you 're not even on this ship . It 's a Tribe of Iron ship . It 's requesting clearance to dock here . A ship from Altria which left the starway two cycles ago . Right now they 're being pursued by the Tribe of Silver . Destroying a ship is an easy task for the Tribe of Silver ... I 'm a little concerned . Should we notify the Tribe of Silver ? There 's no need for that . It 'll be sufficient for us to deal with them appropriately . Clearance is granted , Master . Ikaros ... It 's not that easy to remain neutral , huh ? Putting just the topsail in sensing mode . Rise on the count of three . Linking to the station 's original current . Signs stable . Begin approach . Margin of error on access aisle 0.002 % . Correct after three steps . Final sequence in progress . Cruise control , all steps complete . I 'm sorry to inconvenience you . Princess , we 've got a problem . Titarros said they 'd like to perform an inspection . Does that mean they found out about Age ? If that were the case , they would 've refused us entry . The incident we had with the Tribe of Silver must 've made them a little nervous . However , once we let them conduct the inspection , it may be difficult for us to keep on hiding him . Let 's have him wait on Titarros . You mean , let the Nodos go land on the planet ? Yes . But- - He wouldn 't behave violently for no reason . Babysitting that monkey ? If anything happens , I know you 're capable of bringing him back right away . That 's true , but ... The princess appointed you for this . Understood , Father . Leave it to me . I do have a request , though . Here , you can wear these . Once you put them on , they 'll take you to Titarros . It 's stiff . It feels bad . It looks good on you , Age . Thank you . What are you talking about ? You 're taking me there with you . If you want to thank someone , thank the princess . Please follow Iolaous ' instructions . Okay . Here 's the first instruction , then . It 's most regrettable , but we can 't teleport with you without your consent . If I say " jump , " you shut up and do just that . Got it ? - -Yeah . - -Hang on . Hang onto the suit ! It seems like this is harder than a battle . Ridiculous ... Well then , Princess . I 'm counting on you . We 're going to jump . Master , that 's Titarros ' inspection pod . How about the data regarding Planet Olone and Age ? I 've swapped them with dummy data . Good . Let 's let them inspect to their heart 's content . He 's entered Titarros . We found out his location , Yuty La . We 're going to test the fifth one . I hope the person is nice . According to the Tribe of Gold 's prophecy , the fifth Nodos is controlled by the Tribe of Iron and fights the other four Nodos . What are you trying to say ? What if he doesn 't join us ? Kill him . No , we should talk first . And if it doesn 't work , we 'll just force him to give in . There 's no need to let one who doesn 't obey the Tribe of Silver live . Mehitak , you go . I don 't like to fight . I 'll go . I 'd like to meet the fifth one . Fine , Karkinos . But show him no mercy . Is that an order , Yuty ? Lecty , please . Are you saying that we should detain the ship of the Tribe of Iron without preconditions ? With all due respect , Titarros is a neutral terminal planet . Could you please give us a reason ? Reason ? Hey , stop pulling me ! What now ? Seriously , maybe a battle is easier than this ... H-Hey ! Again ? You still have some in your mouth ! Jeez ... I 'm telling you , this is the last time ! All right ? Yeah ! Is eating the only thing you ever think about ? Yeah ! Be careful . I 'll go and meet our peer . That 's all . Captain . Something is looking for Age . " Something " ? I don 't know exactly what it is , but it 's something substantial . That is certainly disturbing . In fact , there 's a new development on my side , too . Titarros just announced that they 're going to detain this ship . Looks like the Tribe of Silver has gotten to them . We should call back Iolaous and leave here immediately . We 'll force our way through . Wait . We should talk to them . Please try to negotiate with them . - -Negotiate ? - -Right . It seems that they 're also being forced into this . Is Iolaous afraid of Age ? That 's ridiculous . There 's nothing I 'm afraid of . Why did you ask me such a question ? You said it 'd be better if Age wasn 't on the Argonaut . Age likes Iolaous . Age likes the Argonaut . There are many voices , and it 's fun . Dhianeila 's voice is a warm light . Aneasha is the morning air . Tail and Mail are moving clouds . Then , I , who am their brother , should be something like a gloomy rainy cloud . Iolaous is ... This is an emergency signal ! We have to go back , Age . Age ! I 'm very sorry for this unfortunate situation , Princess Dhianeila . Please don 't let it worry you , Your Excellency . I 'm aware of the circumstances . However , I cannot comply with the demand to hand over the Argonaut to you . Allow me to be direct with you . It is most reckless to oppose the Tribe of Silver . You have no chance , whatsoever , of winning . But we must return home with our hope , no matter what . Hope ? The very last hope that the Tribe of Gold left for humankind ... The human child protected by the Tribe of Gold is the one who possesses the Tribe of Hero within , and will save humankind from extinction ... The hope you 're talking about is ... Nodos ? ! You have acquired a Nodos ... You have brought a Nodos into Titarros ! We believe in the Tribe of Gold 's prophecy and in the fifth Nodos , and we will resist the Tribe of Silver 's plot to annihilate humankind . We will not compromise or give in ! Are you going to attack us if we don 't approve your departure ? As soon as we 're ready , we will depart . The Daedalus are not a belligerent tribe . Most likely they 'll let us go quietly . But because of that , our reputations are now sullied with the crime of invading Titarros . It is unfortunate , but that gutsiness is what our princess is all about . Her unwavering conviction and strong will ... That is why we believe in her and serve her . Am I wrong ? Well , it 's our turn to make a move . We 'll depart right away . Yes , sir ! That was not a negotiation ! That was obviously a threat ! Absolutely unacceptable behavior ! Now , now , it 's all right . - -Sir ? - -This is actually better for us . They threatened us with force . Even if we elicit a rebuke from the Tribe of Silver , we have a legitimate defense . Let them be on their merry way . Understood . Dhianeila-sama , we don 't know where Age is . I see him . He is at ... I 'm here for the fifth one . I am Karkinos . Age . Come with me , Age . I just sent you Age 's coordinates . Thanks . Supposedly , something substantial is going after Age . Please hurry and bring him back . Understood . We both possess the Tribe of Hero within . No need for us to fight . Dad and the others said Age needs to destroy , one ... two ... three ... four ... four of them . Age ! Who is that ? An Age who 's not Age . Age ! Age , who are you trying to fight against , and why ? Detecting objects warping out into our vicinity ! What are they ? Ant heaps , Master ! Did Titarros send them here ? No , they did not , Captain . They didn 't ? So that means this is ... Right . The Tribe of Bronze 's ant heaps ! Your Excellency ... They tested us . Tested us ? And we didn 't obey their instructions . You mean in that we failed to detain the Tribe of Iron ? But that could only have caused an unnecessary war- - They instructed us to detain them without any preconditions . They 're doing this just because of that ? ! That 's right ... Just because of that ... The Tribe of Silver wants to destroy Titarros along with us . Zutto mae kara kimi no koto shitteita kedo Konna kimochi mebaeru nante omowanakatta Masaka kimi ni koi suru nante Nanige nai kaerimichi yozora no hoshi wo miage nagara Wazato toomawari shite kimi no kata ni motarete aruku Futari de ireba donna kotodemo norikoeraresou to iu kimi no Massugu na me wo mitsumete omou Kimi wo aishiteru The name of the one that dwells within him is Lernaea . He turned Titarros into a battleground , and what remained was ... Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 5 : " The Nodos . "
