 Age . Lecty says that the Tribe of Gold didn 't abandon us . They knew all our desires and left us the door that leads to the future . Just like they once said ... " Come forth ... " Now is the time for us to respond to their intent . Althaia ... So it survived . Multiple gravitational disturbances ... Many more following . Maintain the fleet orbit . Do not initiate anything ! We have confirmed a starway on the enemy ship 's course . Initially it wasn 't there in our data . It must be the Argonaut . They always create a path no matter where they go . What would you like to do ? Reorganize the main fleet in the current zone . Leave the royals under the care of the units behind us . We will travel that starway ! We will gladly follow that ship 's guidance ! Tooku kirameku hoshi ni ikudo mo watashi wa negau Samayoeru kodou gravitation hikareau story Hajimari wa itsukara owari wa nanbito shirazu Mayakashi demo maboroshi demo naku sakaraenu nagare ( Kurai ) Yami ni sumishi mamono ( Blight ) Tayasuku nomikomareru youni watashi wa ( Eiyuu wo motomu ) Mezame arugamama Arishi yume ni arasoi wa tsukimono to kami ga iunara Kono mi kirisaite demo looking for Hana wo mune ni ugokidashita kodou wa dare nimo can 't stop Fureau ga sadame Core system successfully engaged . Communications with the main block , the engine and power chamber have been resumed . Retuning to normal system control . As soon as the A.I. is entirely up , have them adjust the recovery plan . Our friend 's recovery is so fast , it could cause confusion . Huh ? Multiple parts of the system have sustained damage ! We 're unable to counter all the planetary gravity ! We avoided a crash . What ? Great job , Bee . I have confirmed inconsistencies between your information and mine . I 'll correct my data . A peculiar field has appeared in the area under renovation ! We have a new friend working for us . To think he can provide such high-level reconstruction with no materials ... All my fellow beings are ordering me to help you clods . How do you even manage to travel between planets on a ship with no regenerating capability ? Now that I think about it , you have chased us from the planet Olone . In other words , we 're like old friends . We 'll lean heavily on you and the technology of your superior tribe . I 'll regenerate them as fast as I destroyed them . I have confirmed renovations in multiple areas . I can 't adjust the plan fast enough to keep up ... It looks like we won 't have to wait for a rescue while worrying about food shortage . But still , we can 't even hold a decent funeral for our Mr. Hero . He 's been that way for a long time . He 's not connected to anyone . He doesn 't even respond to my voice . Just leave him alone . He deserves it . Emotions are now rooted in me because of him ! I can no longer even entrust them to Prome and erase them ! Do you want to erase them ? There 's no way to erase them ! Listen , don 't you ever die again ! Understood . How annoying ... Not knowing when my emotions will get provoked makes me so worried . But they can give you support at times , just like they always did for Age and Belcross . I guess I 'm the only one who still hasn 't exchanged words with the fifth one . What a fool ... Now I can 't even take you back home with me . I bet he went ahead to the other universe by himself . That 's right . You think so , too , right , Mehitak ? That ... I don 't know . What we were able to sense was that Belcross turned himself into a key and became one with the door . It 's unclear whether the existence that was Belcross was separated back out and resurrected beyond that door . So will it be all right if that comes back ? If that happens , maybe Age , too ... I believe that he 's beyond that door and waiting for us to come . Yes , yes ! You 're right ! He must be ! You 'll find out once you go through the door . Prome and the others will arrive soon . Our tribe decided to lead the majority of the Bronze Tribe and go beyond the door . Now that the agreements have been fulfilled , the people of the tribe are telling me to ask your intentions . I wish to learn further wisdom together with Prome-sama . Of course I 'm going beyond that door . I 'll go , too . To the place where Age has shown . I 'm going , too . And what about your so-called " something precious " ? No problem . How about the Tribe of Iron ? We are ... The promise that we made with Age still remains . It 's the one thing Age asked of us . There 's no way we can set out on a journey without fulfilling it first . That 's what the princess says . Keete ... Fuuto 's favorite food is posto 's roots . Let 's restore that planet no matter what it takes ... with our hands . Are they here , Aneasha ? They 've already finished renovating the imperial room , Dhianeila-sama . Let 's give those glorious tribes that are about to set out on a new journey a warm welcome , and then see them off . You , Tribe of Iron , have discovered the path with the aid of the memories that we were entrusted with . We shall welcome you as fellow beings who should journey along with us . Prome O , we 're not ready to travel with you just yet . If this planet is the place where the Tribe of Gold emerged first , the planet Olone is the last place they set out on a journey from . The wisdom hidden on those two planets has been entrusted with you . Just as the stars guide us , we guide the stars as well . That is the very origin of the power to know the future and create planets . The answers are right in front of us , but we can 't even catch a glimpse of them yet . You will come to understand what they are one day . That is exactly why you 're not afraid of the door to the outer universe closing . The connections between starways create the opportunity to open that door . If there were any meaning to the war among us ... That would be to fill this universe with starways . And the Nodos are the instruments of that power . We have decided to share the power with you so that you can open the door with additional wisdom . Power ? The power we inherited from the Tribe of Gold . It will also open up a spiritual path between you and the Bronze Tribe . I want you to lead the half of them who will remain in this universe . Me ? The shield of Hedron and the Bronze Tribe ... The princess is going to lead all of them . Another burden will be put on Dhianeila-sama ... Is this something that I can share with others as well ? If you wish to , and they are ready . I accept it , Prome O , along with the emotions which you were forced to bear once . Thank you . All of us Nodos will go through the door . If we find the fifth one , we will use our powers to send him back to you . The Nodos of the Tribe of Silver , I truly appreciate your thoughtfulness . The Tribe of Gold always blesses the ones who open the door on their own . Maybe I 'd forgotten that . Let 's go , Rom Ror . Now is the time for us to be the guidance ourselves . I can 't believe we can rise without consuming energy . I 'll never forget the favor you 've done us . Can you follow us with a fragile ship like this ? Remember this ship has been traveling while enduring your attacks . Now it 's your turn to follow us . Bon voyage ! The Tribe of Silver 's ships ... There are so many of them ! You showed up at the right moment . Say good-bye to those who are about to travel to an outer universe , Nilval . Who knows , we may go through that same door ourselves one day . Outer universe , you said ? We don 't know if that is really the door until we go through it . But you and I both know that it is . The same goes for the future . We know that is our future , nobody else 's . May the guidance of the stars be with the Tribe of Iron . May each of you become guidance for the stars . He 's not coming back ! He 'll be back for sure ... Age ... You go straight down the path you want to take . Yes , Age . Dhianeila-sama ? Let 's go . Until the door opens again , let 's tell people far and wide that this planet will be the hope for all the tribes , and the path that we must inherit . Far , far away , in a distant time . In the outer space of this universe there were people who responded to the Tribe of Gold 's call . " Planet Colonis " They were called the Tribe of Silver , The Tribe of Bronze , and the Tribe of Heroes , and they set out on a journey to another universe on their own power And the ones who newly answered their call - humankind ... They were named the Tribe of Iron , and as the fourth tribe , which came forth into space on its own , they made many journeys under great guidance , encountered many planets , became guideposts and recieved guideposts in return . Believing that one day we 'll set out on a journey together with many other tribes ... from this universe to another one . Believing in that day ... " Four Years Later " It 's beautiful . " Earth " I finally got to fulfill the promise I made . Right , like you didn 't almost forget about it . I told you , a knight 's word is his bond ! Yeah , but it took you two whole cycles to do this . Tail and Mail should be arriving at the location now . How are they doing ? They 're both in really good spirits . " Deimos - Moon of Mars " Now who 's arguing , ignoring what the princess said ? I 'll punish you if you can 't behave and get along with the others ! " Cosmo Mission Control Station - Apeiron Valles " I guess any force is powerless as a baby in the face of the Yunos knight unit at this point , huh ? Not many can truly wield the Hedron shields . Our sister , Dhianeila , is the one who is to guide all the tribes ! As her brothers , we 're obligated to maintain the order of this universe using everything we 've got ! Look at them . They sure know how to take advantage of their sister 's authority . It looks like the knight unit 's captain and the others are back . Earth Archduchess Nilval , I thank you for allowing us to have priority use of the path to Earth . Same here . Without your help , we would 've faced a ridiculous war again . I feel awful about that , especially considering the fact that Queen Dhianeila has given me such an audacious title as " Earth Archduchess . " Your government in this star system has been excellent , your grace . I 'm just a traffic coordinator for those who rush to the Earth . It 'd be nice if I knew how to wield even a single shield of Hedron ... Her highness has been saying that eventually all of us will be able to wield the power , and a new path will open up when that happens . As always , she indicates to us a path without end . By the way , I 've heard that Queen Dhianeila isn 't able to come to this place ... Because the restoration work on that planet is coming to an end soon . I see . This is the last of their bi-cyclical plantings . I imagine they 're saying good-bye to the planet right around now . We 've picked up the planting ships as scheduled , Master . Where 's her highness ? Location found . She 's at the land surface point N309E048 . Call her through the psycholine . All of the planting ships have returned . Can you let me stay here just a little longer ? Of course . But ... the Council has suggested that maybe we should leave some kind of monument there .. Monument ? Something that shows that Age was on that planet . There 's no need for that , Captain . That 's for them to decide . Them ? If these ones here remember the existence of Age when they 're ready to establish the civilization of this planet , I 'm sure the existence of Age will be passed down in their own words . Understand . We still have to make some preparations for departure . Please come back whenever you like . Thank you , Captain . We 're ready to go anytime , Master I just said that so she could be alone , idiot . But that violates the security regulations concerning Dhianeila-sama quite a bit . There 's no power that could possibly hurt her now . It 's not exaggerating to say she 's the one protecting us right now . The supreme ruler of the universe is about to say good-bye to the planet which has been her heart 's only solace . So just sit tight and wait for her . Coming to this place , I 've realized that you were never lonely here , even though you lived all by yourself . You probably had the power to know the future . Because more than anyone else , you gave yourself over to the guidance of all of us tribes and planets led by the starways , and you believed in it , I wish I could have talked to you about what I must know in the future . I think the reason why you weren 't lonely is because you knew about it . I must say good-bye to this planet today . Every time I 've come here , it 's felt like you were right beside me . Having met you is my ... Thank you . What 's wrong ? A massive change has been detected in the planetary orbit ! Sir , this orbit is a different shape than it 's been for the past two cycles . We 've confirmed an unknown field in it ! It looks like it 's going to converge on the planet ! Converge ? What is it ? Orbital motions on an unknown orbit ... No ... That 's not a change . Now that the planet has been resurrected , its orbit has returned to its original form . Just like Elysium , Olone once had a door ... Dhianeila created a path . You tell me you think we can overcome anything as long as we stay together I think as I look into your forthright eyes That I love you On nights we can 't see each other because we 're far apart I look at the stars in the sky I want to believe passionately in the feelings that I have for you and continue to protect them
