 The presence of Belcross has disappeared . What ? You 've got to be kidding ! As if it disappeared from this universe ... So Age is ... Let 's go help him ! No one on this ship will oppose that ! He will come ... He promised that . Over and over again I wish on the dazzling star far away Wandering heartbeats , gravitation , the story of their attraction When did it begin ? No one knows the end of it It 's not a trick or an illusion , it 's a current that I can 't swim against ( Dark ! ) The monster that lives in the darkness ( Blight ! ) As if I were easily getting swallowed into it ( I seek a hero ! ) I awake as I truly am If God says conflicts and life 's old dreams go hand in hand I 'm looking for you even if it means ripping my body apart With a flower held to my heart , no one can stop this heartbeat now that it 's begun We 're destined to come in contact All warping processes have completed . Check our surroundings and coordinates . We 're unable to verify them . They 're not available in our database . Have all monitoring and observation devices running at their maximum capacity ! Do not overlook any slight abnormal change ! Unknown territory lies ahead of us . I will look for the path . Elysium ... A planet with no starway . If we can 't find it , we 'll be forced to drift about forever . But this is the same as the Olone incident . Even on this journey full of unknowns , as long as we have the princess ' guidance , we have nothing to be afraid of ! Age ... To the mother planet of the Tribe of Gold : Elysium ... That is what we must accomplish right now . Why did the Nodos disappear ? What our Nodos ' agreements have in common is to save the life of Yuty La . Her Kervius has destroyed four Nodos , including the Tribe of Iron 's Nodos . The Tribe of Iron 's Nodos wasn 't intimidating to Kervius . What if being destroyed is a way to protect Kervius , in other words , Yuty La ? That is consistent with the agreements . Nothing connects the Tribe of Silver and the Tribe of Gold now . Is this also the intention of the Tribe of Gold ? Does this mean that Rom Ror is right ? It may be necessary to rethink the Elysium plan . No one is here . No one ... I 'm the only Nodos left ... Karkinos ... For me he ... I think I 'm going to lose it if I don 't hand over this emotion to Prome ... Hurry up and erase it ... Erase this ... Erase this emotion ! Why , Rom Ror ? Why do you confine me ? I can 't entrust you to Prome right now . I can 't afford to let Prome steal you . No ... I must be the one to control you . Help me ... You must obey your agreements . Why did you come back , Mehitak ? I can no longer jump , even with Erymanthos ' power ... Forgive me . Lecty . Mehitak . I ... Finally I 've been truly released . It 's quiet . We were thrown into nothingness because of Kervius . Erymanthos is just barely maintaining space and time right now , but eventually ... A-Age ! Thanks ! What ? This place ! It only means that we get to survive just a little longer . It 's okay ! Age ... That 's the Corba and the Irazil fleet . This is all that survived out of the two fleets combined ? Just how many ships will be able make it to Codomos ? Picking up an energy source believed to be an enemy convoy on our course ! Ma 'am . Change course . Leave Alta star system for now , then take a detour in the non-combat zone . After that , return to the Codomos starway once again . Send the location of the enemy 's convoy to all the fleets . Avoid battle as much as possible . We will reorganize the fleet at Codomos . We received data from the Argonaut . Play it . We feel that we need to learn more about you . My thoughts are the same . - -Are you here by yourself ? - -What ... The star of brilliance ... She never stops giving us hopes . Ancient planet Elysium ... Please , please show us the way . All I can do is just watch over her like this . I can imagine how encouraging it would be for Dhianeila-sama if Age were here right now . Because you 're here to support her , she can focus on trying to find the way without worrying about physical and mental weariness . Wow , it sure is unusual for you to be extra nice to me . Dhianeila-sama was saying that Age had disappeared from the universe ... There 's no way Age would be taken down that easily . Especially not after he made a promise with the princess . I 'm sure he 'll be back . Just like he always has , he 'll come back . Right . Age heard Dhianeila 's voice before he came here . What did she say ? We have to go where Dhianeila is going . But it 's impossible to get out of here . Now that we 've all exhausted our powers in battle , trying to get out of here would only shorten our lives . One , two , three , four . It 'll be okay , because there are four . Four ? Wh-What is it ? Lernaea . Is alive ? What is this ? Lernaea 's regenerating power ... I didn 't know it was this powerful ... Karkinos ! Four ! Astral turbine is ready to activate ! All we need now are the coordinates of the destination . We 'll stand by as we are . As soon as we receive an instruction from the princess , we 'll enter active warp . Yes , Master . Princess ... Enemy convoy detected in direction 02-48 . Prepare to counterattack ! Distance 2894 . Organ unit is ready for emergency launch . Link to the attack program ! Hurry up ! Oh , no ! - -You 're late ! - -I know , I know . No error detected in the firearms control system . Oboronas will establish a defensive line against the enemy . This must be the faction that despises humanity , huh ? Oboronas are now in position ! Each barbette is ready to fire ! Multiple gravitational disturbances detected ! What ? New enemies ? Projecting . Open a path ! You must not interrupt the voyage of that ship . That is our collective will . I will prove whether Prome 's thinking is right or not ! That 's unnecessary . We 'll find out sooner or later . If the ship is the one that the Tribe of Gold foresaw , it will never be destroyed anyway . Move ! Phaetho O 's suggestion makes sense . It 's an unnecessary war . There 's no guarantee that the power of the Tribe of Gold is left there . Whether the planet called Elysium really exists or not is also unclear . Do you mean that Prome 's theory has failed ? That would be the case if the assumption collapsed . Prome is looking at the possibility . Therefore , she 's given the Tribe of Iron time . There 's no need to wait ! If Prome were right , I would perish here ! That is foolish thinking , Phaetho O. Prome ... Move out of there ! If you don 't ... Phaetho ... It feels good . This is the true power of Lernaea ... ? Not the poison that kills everything , but this power ... Karkinos certainly died once . Do you think this is also the intention of the Tribe of Gold , just like the agreement says ? Belcross and the others don 't have hearts . That 's why they destroyed many planets . Age and the others joined them to teach them how to have hearts . So Lernaea saved some strength for Karkinos ? Not to fight , but to live with Karkinos ? Karkinos . Mehitak ... No more beating up on each other . Although you beat me up with no questions asked when I tried to reach out to you . You sure are a selfish man . Supposedly , Lernaea saved some strength for you . Yeah . So you knew about it ? No , but Lernaea was trying to avoid madness much more than I was , just watching over me the whole time ... That 's what I think . Is this Kervius ' non-dimension ? Just like Age said , this makes four of us , but ... It 's still hard to believe there 's a way to escape from here . The existence of this world itself is unclear . Our so-called power may not be as powerful as we think . But what Dad and the others said is still left . What ? The Tribe of Gold told Age about the future . They combined Age and the others with Belcross and the Heroes , to give them hearts . Because when you have no heart , you don 't get to have a future . Future ... It 's true that all of us here still have agreements . Karkinos will be released when the Tribe of Silver obtains the power of the Tribe of Gold . Mehitak must save Yuty when her life is in danger . I also must save Yuty . And when I discover the power of the Tribe of Gold , I must let the Tribe of Silver know about it , and when its power is vanishing , I must protect it . For Age ... For me , when everything is done , my planet will go back to normal . Planet ? Olone . It 's really a beautiful planet . If the future was really suggested by the Tribe of Gold through the Nodos ' agreements , why are there some terms which are beneficial to the Silver and others to the Tribe of Iron ? That must have some kind of meaning . We 're just not ready to decode it . Once we leave , we have to go rescue that girl . " That girl " ? Let 's see ... Who 's that ? The girl who put us in here . Yuty ! Rescue ? Yuty ? Yup . With the four of us , it 'll be no problem . Give this emotion to Prome ... Release me from this confinement ... . Rom Ror , don 't block me off ... Why did you abandon us , Tribe of Gold ? Why ? I will not forgive you , Rom Ror ... I will not forgive you ... . Help me , Karkinos . What do you mean , " with the four of us it 'll be no problem " ? Light . Life . Time . Our abilities as the Nodos ? How about Belcross ? Being . Existence that can 't be lost by any kind of power . We three will use our powers to open up a point in this suspended time and space , and you 'll make Belcross exist . Is that right ? Uh-huh ! Huh ? Which one is it ? I 'd bet he thinks we should give it a try as you just described , Lecty . Give it a try ? But if we fail once , all of us will literally return to nothingness . But that 's exactly what 's going to happen even if we don 't do anything . Are you sure about this ? If we fail ... It 'll be fine , because I believe in Lecty-san and the other Lecty-san inside of Lecty-san ! Erymanthos ... That 's the name of the Hero I possess within me . Okay ! The enemy convoy will reach the first defensive line momentarily . We didn 't make it ... We will counterattack while we 're still in warp position ! Remember , we can 't use the shield ! I expect you to have faith in the princess ' guidance and do your best to protect the Argonaut ! Begin attacking ! I won 't even let them lay a finger on the Argonaut ! We will stop the enemy no matter what , Princess . The rest is ... Erymanthos will take Belcross and go back as far as possible in the past . Artemia . Artemia will create waves in a single point of the present . The first direction in nothingness , in other words , a space . Lernaea , maintain everyone 's life . Lernaea will keep all of us alive until Belcross becomes the first presence in that time and space . Everything will happen in a split second . Let 's jump , Erymanthos , for all our lives are worth . - -Mail ! - -Yeah . What 's going on with the Organ Schueller unit ? We 're getting no response from them ! I can 't stop the war unless I find the new path . Please ... Please show me the way , Elysium ! Hang in there no matter what ! Please ! There it is ! We received the coordinates of the planet Elysium through the psycholine ! All Organ units , return to the ship immediately ! The princess has shown us the way . Return to the Argonaut at once ! Dandelion unit , come with me to support the damaged aircrafts ! Orchid unit , hurry up and pick up all the escape pods ! I won 't let you get away . Warp in ! Age ... Although I have known you for a long time I never dreamed these feelings would sprout And I would fall in love with you Casually going home , as I look at the stars in the night sky I take the long way on purpose and lean on your shoulder as we walk You tell me you think we can overcome anything as long as we stay together I think as I look into your forthright eyes That I love you When Dhianeila 's wish gets through , the planet appears . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 24 : " Elysium . "
