 The Althaia has sent us the final draft of their plan for the invasion of Tauron . Open that . " Takeover " ? A " takeover " is when an authority forcibly occupies another 's properties- - I know that ! Taking over a terminal plant for the invasion ... Bee , prepare to send a personal message to the Council . Over and over again I wish on the dazzling star far away Wandering heartbeats , gravitation , the story of their attraction When did it begin ? No one knows the end of it It 's not a trick or an illusion , it 's a current that I can 't swim against ( Dark ! ) The monster that lives in the darkness ( Blight ! ) As if I were easily getting swallowed into it . ( I seek a hero ! ) I awake as I truly am If God says conflicts and life 's old dreams go hand in hand I 'm looking for you even if it means ripping my body apart With a flower held to my heart , no one can stop this heartbeat now that it 's begun We 're destined to come in contact It 's for Mehitak . What ? It 's good . Age grew it . The Tribe of Pore doesn 't eat anything with life . Life ? Then what do you eat ? Anything without life . You look like you 're staring at your girlfriend or something . It means more than that to me . Your girlfriend will yell at you for saying that . I don 't have one . What ? Oh , nothing . Boy , I can 't believe we had to leave as soon as we arrived at the Earth . I wish I could 've landed on the Earth , too . We had no choice . There 's no guarantee that planet is really safe . It must be nice ... I could 've gone to that wonderful place too , if only I had the teleporting ability . The blue planet ... The homeland of humanity ... One day you 'll get a chance . I wonder when that will be ... When we win this war . I 'll go there with you then . We can just land on the planet together . Does that mean you can promise me that ? Uh ... Huh ... I 'm happy , even though that 's a promise that you 'll soon forget once the war begins ! A knight 's word is his bond . In the name of the Mehilim family , I promise that I 'll show you that planet 's magnificent lands and seas . I 'll be looking forward to it , Iolaous ! Whoa , he ate it ! It tastes a little bitter . Hey , hey , try this next ! Eat this one ! Wow ... D-Don 't eat my aircraft ! According to the information that we 've obtained from the Pore 's Nodos , two of the three remaining Nodos have had their tribes taken as hostages . Does that mean that they might be on our side if we sheltered their tribes ? Judging from how the Pore 's Nodos has been behaving , it might be possible . I wish we could find some kind of way to contact those two Nodos and suggest that we could help in releasing their tribes ... But from what we 've heard of their agreements , it isn 't stipulated that disobedience will lead to the extinction of the tribe . Right ... It rather promises the tribe 's prosperity if they obey the agreement . Mehitak of the Pore hates to fight , and he 's currently staying with us , but ... Do you think that the other two might want to be with the Tribe of Silver ? I don 't know . We don 't know a thing ... Don 't you agree , Captain ? What are you suggesting ? They say that the Tribe of Silver has helped many tribes in the past and brought about prosperity to the universe . So why ? Why do they wish for destruction only for us humankind ? We don 't know what they 're thinking , their objectives , or even what kind of life they 're living . The more I hear Mehitak talk , the more I become concerned about that . It is true that we 've just been fighting them ever since our tribes came in contact , without any sort of cultural exchange . Without having any idea why we 've been fighting against them ... A group of fleets has been spotted on our course to the terminal planet ! It 's possible that this might interfere with traffic , Master . I feel very strong hostility coming from the Planet Nessus . What 's going on ? Looks like those princes have done something already . So you mean you absolutely refuse us ? In order to protect this terminal planet where many starways connect , we will continue to fight till the very end against the invasion by the Tribe of Iron . The neutral stance of terminal planets is the fundamental principle of space navigation . And none of the tribes in this universe will accept the Tribe of Iron , which tried to take over one . But we have the Nodos on our side ! Don 't tell me you don 't know about that . No matter how brutal you are , we will not give in to you ! What should we do now , Big Brother ? We can 't invade enemy territory without bringing a terminal planet under our control . If they hinder us , this planet will just have to be our first military gain in this war . Yes . All fleets , prepare to attack ! What have they done ? - -All personnel are now in position . - -It appears that the leading fleets are now positioned to launch the main cannons ! - -Energy conduction readings are increasing . - -It appears that the leading fleets are now positioned to launch the main cannons ! - -Energy conduction readings are increasing . - -As a precaution in case of battle , we 're continuing to close the bulkheads . The attack satellite of Planet Nessus is getting ready for battle . All leading fleets of the Federation fleet are now in range of the attack satellite . So they started a war way before they reached our destination star system ... Deploy the shield . We 're going to fall back to outside of the area of operations . Men , do not involve yourselves under any circumstances . Captain . Princess ? Please take the ship to the location where I indicate . Receiving data via the psycholine . I will analyze the location . As always , what unwavering guidance ! All ships , open fi- - You must not ! D-Dhianeila ! Gravitational disturbance detected . A large ship is warping out in the area close by ! What did you say ? That 's- - Citizens of the Planet Nessus ... Oh , you are- - The one who arrived at the planet with no starway ... Please calm your anger . Those bastards on the Argonaut ! Are they trying to interfere with our holy war ? N-Nodos ... You must not start a war here now . The ones who start a war will be the ones met with revenge . That 's the Tribe of Iron 's Nodos ... The goal of our war is not to control you , by any means . Please agree on mutual peaceful cooperation . We refuse no traveler who pays an appropriate price . And the price is for the next traveler to start off a new journey safe and sound . I 'm aware of that . Message from the Council . " Cease the takeover of the terminal planet and comply with their wishes in terms of resource supply . " The Council , you said ? Who contacted them ? ! That 's the fools of the Argonaut ! Who else could it be ? What high-handedness , using the Nodos as a shield ! At this rate , the entire fleet will be driven by Dhianeila 's greed , Big Brother ! Oh , my arrogant sister ... Looks like you 've made a fatal mistake . Huh ? I 'll bet she was hoping to seize authority of the fleet here and now , but she won 't get me that way . From now on , we 're going to let Dhianeila handle all the troublesome negotiations with terminal planets so we can proceed forward . I see ... In other words , if any of them interfere with our fleet 's navigation , Dhianeila will be responsible . And we can just focus on the battle against the enemy . You see , there 's a way to make use out of a fool . Way to go , Big Brother . Now why don 't we order the entire fleet to charge forward ? Yeah . This time they 're having the fleet charge forward , ignoring the supply plan ... Those guys are appallingly predictable . At this rate , the navigation of the leading fleet will face problems within 200 hours . I suppose we have to let Nilval , who 's expected to meet up with them , handle it . I 'd love it if just those two royals would do me a favor and drift through space forever . Age . I 'm sorry that I asked you to be in the position that you 're in . Everyone 's angry , huh ? Because of the fear towards the enemy that they 're about to battle against . The Tribe of Bronze is the first intruder from another star system that humankind faced . And the fear towards them has been passed down in so many different ways . Even though there 's Dhianeila ? What ? Age isn 't scared . Because there 's Dhianeila . Is that so ? Yeah ! The Tribe of Iron is trying to start a war . What 's so important about Planet Tauron ? We wish to hear Prome O 's opinion . Their emotions are leading them , Rom Ror . I don 't think there 's any hidden power in the planet at all . Emotions ... Why is it that you never change your opinion about the Tribe of Iron and the Tribe of Gold ? I keep on thinking about the possibility that the Tribe of Iron will discover the power of the Tribe of Gold . Because we should not destroy any more planets with the Nodos ' fights ... Let 's send our Nodos before the Tribe of Iron destroys the planets . A massive destruction will probably occur if we send Yuty . But the destruction would be the work of the Tribe of Iron . We must stop ... our destruction ... So do you mean to tell me that you 're not puzzled by the fact that the Tribe of Iron is attacking the Planet Tauron ? Because to them it means revenge . I can understand where they 're coming from . Revenge ... It is impossible that the power of the Tribe of Gold exists on Tauron . That 's not what this is about . They 've been robbed of something precious , and they want to make its thieves feel the same pain . Something precious ... Don 't you have that yourself , Yuty ? It is to bring about prosperity and power to our tribe , by obeying the agreements and leading all of you . What else is there other than that ? I wouldn 't necessarily let this body be ruined only for the agreements . But you would for something precious ? Right . Is that something even I can understand ? I just personally think that way . That 's all . It 's not something you need to know . I don 't understand . Besides , you possess Lernaea , who has the most powerful regeneration ability among all the five Nodos . There 's no way you 'd be easily ruined . I sure hope not . It is obvious . I won 't allow it . I 'll keep that in mind . We 've confirmed many ant heaps ! They possess teleporting ability that 's not in our data ! Don 't panic ! Just keep charging forward ! Do not let enemies on this level slow you down ! We received the report on war conditions from the Calydonian Fleet . They 're expanding the scheduled combat theater by a large margin alongside with the Azz-Azoth Fleet and the follow-on fleets . They 're just letting the momentum charge them forward as usual ... At least Nilval has been somehow maintaining the supplies , but still ... It is true that the entire fleet has gotten a boost . Switch to warping position . We will join the battle line within twenty hours . Age ? You 're late , Iolaous . What are you doing up there ? It 's quicker to move out this way . Don 't you forget that I have no intention to let you fight alone , no matter how powerful you are or how powerless I am ! If Age gets lost you bring him back , Iolaous ! Roger that . Something precious ... Don 't you have that yourself , Yuty ? Yuty La ... We will send you to fight . Destroy the fifth Nodos . Although I have known you for a long time I never dreamed these feelings would sprout And I would fall in love with you Casually going home , as I look at the stars in the night sky I take the long way on purpose and lean on your shoulder as we walk You tell me you think we can overcome anything as long as we stay together I think as I look into your forthright eyes That I love you Humankind invades the mother planet of the Tribe of Bronze , Planet Tauron . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 18 : " The Victorious Day . "
