 They say that the Tribe of Silver has helped many tribes in the past and brought about prosperity to the universe . So why ? Why do they wish for destruction only for us humankind ? We don 't know what they 're thinking , their objectives , or even what kind of life they 're living . Their emotions are leading them , Rom Ror . I don 't think there 's any hidden power in the planet at all . Emotions ... Something precious ... Don 't you have that yourself , Yuty ? Tooku kirameku hoshi ni ikudo mo watashi wa negau Samayoeru kodou gravitation hikareau story Hajimari wa itsukara owari wa nanbito shirazu Mayakashi demo maboroshi demo naku sakaraenu nagare ( Kurai ) Yami ni sumishi mamono ( Blight ) Tayasuku nomikomareru youni watashi wa ( Eiyuu wo motomu ) Mezame arugamama Arishi yume ni arasoi wa tsukimono to kami ga iunara Kono mi kirisaite demo looking for Hana wo mune ni ugokidashita kodou wa dare nimo can 't stop Fureau ga sadame Concentrate the firepower on one spot ! Blast a hole in their defenses ! Keep close watch on the distance between ally ships so the enemy can 't cut in . We can 't afford to get separated from the others now . Roger . Where 's Belcross ? He just passed the asteroid belt , heading towards the ant heaps . What 's the Tribe of Silver up to ? Neither the Tribe of Silver 's fleet nor any Nodos have been spotted within the search range . They still haven 't shown up ? What 's going on ? Belcross is fighting . Without any hesitation . Belcross destroyed six ant heaps ! Follow our Nodos ! Wipe out those disgusting ants ! Our victorious moment is near ... The Federation fleet has breached the enemy 's defensive line completely ! The damage to the fleet is approximately two percent . Switching to the planet-neutralizing formation has been suggested . Our position is AE86 . Position AE86 . We 're changing course . We 're not getting enough resistance ... Why are we so one-sidedly ... We 'll smash you ! Maybe it 's too difficult to deal with that many of them all at one time . But maybe it saves us a lot of time . Tail ! Mail ! What 's next ? This sensation is ... The shield is broken ! - -Begin emergency evasive maneuvers ! Ignite thruster F ! - -Evade ! Evade ! - -Begin emergency evasive maneuvers ! Ignite thruster F ! They came teleporting out with all the ant heaps ? ! Azmitral has been hit ! No response from them ! - -Straighten the attack formation and concentrate firepower on point S45 . - -Charging of the main cannons completed . - -Receiving markers . After entering the data , we 'll send it to the units in the rear . - -Charging of the main cannons completed . - -Watch out for ally fleets ' evasive maneuvers . - -Organ units at the front moving to the back . - -We don 't need any friendly fire accidents ! - -Offensive fleets from 7 to 35 are now moving to the front . Damn , our strategy to keep a close formation backfired on us ? Th-This level of exhaustion is nothing ! We 're the ones to judge that . Please lie down , like a good patient . They 're so many of them ! No kidding ! This is endless ! I 'll get them all at one time . Eat this ! What 's going on ? Although the Tribe of Bronze is attacking us at the risk of their own lives , I don 't see any Nodos , not even the Tribe of Silver 's ships ... I wonder if the Tribe of Iron determined that attacking a planet like Tauron was a part of the Nodos ' agreement . Probably so , if that 's what they wish . I can 't help thinking that the Tribe of Gold giving a Nodos to the Tribe of Iron only left an unnecessary reason to fight . The Tribe of Gold left the Nodos so that it could play some unknown role in our universe ... That 's what I think . The Nodos exists to play a role ? That 's right ... And I imagine that 's exactly what the Tribe of Gold wanted . Shield energy output ninety percent . The shield is going to reach its limits soon . I wish we could get a little closer , but it can 't be helped . All fleets , begin firing ! Belcross has destroyed the twelfth ant heap ! The Azz-Azoth Fleet has destroyed one also . There are two more ant heaps left ! We have basically destroyed the enemy 's defensive line , Big Brother ! Invade Tauron 's gravitational field ! Show how courageous the Calydonian Fleet is to the whole universe ! Charge ! The Althaia is picking up speed and getting closer to Tauron . Those fools are too eager for success . They 're mistaking isolating themselves for taking the lead . However , the Althaia is still officially the flagship of the Federation fleet , ma 'am . I know that . We have no choice but to invade as well . We 'll make the satellite fortress control the remaining ant heaps . It 's no fun to be shot at from above . Yes , ma 'am . They sure give us a lot of trouble . Master , the Calydonian Fleet and the Azz-Azoth Fleet along with two other fleets are approaching Tauron . They 're too eager for success ... We 'll catch up with them , too ! I 'll start the entry program . The time has come for us to invade Tauron ... Could it be that the Tribe of Silver has abandoned the Tribe of Bronze ? So you 're back . I 've been thinking about our role . Rom Ror is planning to send Yuty out . Prome-sama already told me that . So you knew about it . To the battle on the Planet Tauron - I 'll go when Rom Ror figures out the Tribe of Iron 's next objective . So you 're just going to let Tauron be destroyed . Why would I need to fight for that planet anyway ? It 's just an old planet where the old Tribe of Bronze grows their larva . Atmospheric entry program activated ! Altitude 23000 . The temperature inside the aircraft is normal . Shoot them ! Keep on shooting them ! Shoot them all ! Give those ants a taste of the same pain we suffered ! The Tribe of Iron has occupied Tauron . We knew that would happen all along . I wish to talk about the Tribe of Iron once again . The Tribe of Iron possesses characteristics that are considered extremely rare in our universe . They follow the oldest memories ... even if they are of a planet and a lineage that are useless now . Why is that ? I think that 's because those things are their core . Core ... How does that aid in the tribe 's prosperity ? Most of the tribes constantly create new bases and follow the genesis of planets and the expansion of starways , just like the Tribe of Bronze and us . That is indeed prosperity . Most of the tribes want the newest things . What will be the Tribe of Iron 's next target ? It 's probably here , our mother planet Codomos . It will be for the same reason they invaded Tauron . The fact that this planet is our birthplace . They will want this planet ? That is a meaningless act . Prome O , we wish to hear your thoughts . Thoughts about what , Rom Ror ? Is there any other tribe other than the Tribe of Iron that has achieved prosperity while possessing such contradictory characteristics ? Yes . Well , to be precise , there was a tribe in space once which was very much like them . Which tribe was it ? The Tribe of Gold ... Synchronizing with the planetary orbit . All Organ units finished deploying . Age ... What 's the matter ? Age . Oh , no ... The flagship Althaia is sending us a request to transition to the second phase of the operation . Captain , please tell all the fleets to stop attacking the planet immediately . Wh-What do you mean by that , Princess ? There 's no enemy here for us to fight . What ? This is no longer a fight . This is just a meaningless massacre ... Basically you 're telling me that we 've been fighting against noncombatants ? Not all of them were noncombatants . Not the ones that were in space . That doesn 't make me feel any better ! We 've burnt half of the planet to ashes ... What a sordid accomplishment this is ... We won ... This is a big win for us ! Th-This is indeed the pride of humanity ! The glory of the Federation fleet ! This is a great triumph ! Humanity 's long-cherished wish , the seizure of the Tribe of Bronze 's mother planet Tauron is now completed ! Now is the time for us to challenge the Tribe of Silver , which drove us to the furthest reaches of the universe ! That is the mission of humankind which received the Nodos from the Tribe of Gold ! The time has come ! We , the Federation fleet , will now invade the Tribe of Silver 's mother planet Codomos ! Let 's make history with this holy war where justice is on our side ! Like hell this was a victory . Your vitals are abnormal . Hurry back and get some rest ... Iolaous ? This entire planet was a facility to raise larva ... They would have grown up to be ferocious enemies . No matter which tribe they are , it 's unforgivable for us to kill their young noncombatants ! The Tribe of Silver must 've stopped considering this place an important base a long time ago . What do they consider their important bases ? Just like the princess said , we have no clue about our own enemy . It is dangerous . No matter what kind of strategy we come up with , it may be meaningless as long as we don 't know anything about the enemy . Just like what happened in this incident . But we can no longer avoid fighting . Now it 's come to this , we have no choice but to hope that invading the enemy 's Lebensraum wasn 't a mistake in and of itself . Twelve agreements ... Conquer the Tribe of Bronze 's mother planet ... the Tribe of Silver 's mother planet ... The Tribe of Gold knew what we would want . And they placed Age on our side ... Why ? For what ? Sad , isn 't it ? Yeah . I wonder how long this is going to last . I wonder if stuff like this is going to repeat forever . It will come to an end . Dad and the others said that Dhianeila would put an end to it ... She would try to end it all . That will be the real beginning . And Age and Belcross were born for that reason . Mehitak was , too ... Your dad and the others ? They raised Age . Dhianeila calls them the Tribe of Gold . You were raised by the Tribe of Gold ? Zutto mae kara kimi no koto shitteita kedo Konna kimochi mebaeru nante omowanakatta Masaka kimi ni koi suru nante Nanige nai kaerimichi yozora no hoshi wo miage nagara Wazato toomawari shite kimi no kata ni motarete aruku Futari de ireba donna kotodemo norikoeraresou to iu kimi no Massugu na me wo mitsumete omou Kimi wo aishiteru The Argonaut receives a new order to head to the next battleground . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 19 : " The Invasions Between the Star Systems . "
