 If you don 't follow the agreement , your entire tribe will pay for it . If I destroy the ship ... I don 't have to do anything else ? Begin warp ! Age ! I left Age behind again . I let him fight all by himself . And we call ourselves the royal knights ? ! Therefore , we will stop protecting these planets that war has brought to the brink of death , and instead devote all our forces to protecting the Argonaut , so that you can finish your mission . I will find the path ... I promise , Age . Tooku kirameku hoshi ni ikudo mo watashi wa negau Samayoeru kodou gravitation hikareau story Hajimari wa itsukara owari wa nanbito shirazu Mayakashi demo maboroshi demo naku sakaraenu nagare ( Kurai ) Yami ni sumishi mamono ( Blight ) Tayasuku nomikomareru youni watashi wa ( Eiyuu wo motomu ) Mezame arugamama Arishi yume ni arasoi wa tsukimono to kami ga iunara Kono mi kirisaite demo looking for Hana wo mune ni ugokidashita kodou wa dare nimo can 't stop Fureau ga sadame How far along is the defensive line ? Ma 'am ... at this point , we 've completed 80 % . I believe there 's been a slight delay in relocation of the core . Make them hurry . The battle is about to start . Yes , ma 'am . The Tribe of Iron , huh ? Are they trying to let that ship escape ? I found it . Now you have one more ship to destroy , Mehitak . Go . Refusing is not an option . Presence of Full Hedron detected . It 's the Tribe of Silver ! Pearl Core , maintain the current coordinates . Have Ruby Core and Topaz Core move to the front . Maintain fleet activities around Blue Core . Ruby Core has arrived at minus 240-13 . Topaz Core has arrived at 13-11-54 . - -Prepare to attack ! - -Ready to attack ! Fire . A very powerful spatiotemporal distortion detected on the periphery of the planetary system . Massive warp out ! The enemy force continues to grow ! Azz-Azoth Fleet is suppressing the enemy 's main force for us . Don 't you die , Nilval ... Receiving data via the psycholine . It 's the princess ' guidance . Analyze that and send it to the navigation map . Infer the route . Karkinos ! What 's the matter ? What are you doing ? Impossible ... For you to be defeated ... Yuty 's heart is wavering . If Karkinos continues to fight , he will ... I wonder if that 's also a part of the agreement . What is Mehitak doing ? He 's crying . I wish I could take his place . This is the destiny of the agreement . No one can take his place . Just as no one can bear the burden of your task for you . I want to know ... Why did the Tribe of Gold leave the agreements for us ? What could the agreements and the warring that control us bring to this universe ? Karkinos ... You fool ... Hurry up and kill him ! Where 's the Argonaut ? They 're behind us at distance 2389 . They 're moving at full speed . To think they 're moving at full speed off the starway ... It must be the guidance of that princess . Enormous energy is approaching at high speed ! It 's going to reach this planetary system within 20 seconds ! Pearl Core ! Deploy the generator directly overhead ! What 's the situation on the front line ? A continuing stalemate . The enemy force is slowly gaining its size . A new object detected in Ruby Core 's line of fire . From the data we have on its makeup , it 's a Nodos . - -Can you put it on the screen ? - -Yes , ma 'am ! Nodos ! Pearl Core isn 't going to make it ! Concentrate the Dralion Unit there ! None of the attacks have any effect on the target ! What did the Nodos do ? It doesn 't attack or get attacked . Does it expect us to quietly let it through because of that ? Don 't mess with us , you monster ! Turn the Pearl Core 's generator all the way up ! Synchronize with the planetary magnetic field ! Create a gravitational field and drag that monster out of its little invisibility cloak ! The light itself is nothing but camouflage . Nothing can dodge the gravity net ! - -Squeeze the net ! - -Yes ma 'am ! Synchronization complete ! Beat it up ! Captain , multiple ant heaps are approaching us from the rear . They 're just a group that got separated from the main force . Get ready to engage . Stay on course . Enormous energy detected from behind the ant heaps . Distance : 67247 . Is that Age ? If so , he 's been fighting at least 200 hours straight . Age ... Coming at you ! You monster ! Karkinos ... I know you can do better than that . That ship is not here . Where is it ? High energy emerging around the Nodos ! It seems that it 's in attack mode now . The monster has awoken , huh ? All fleets , spread out ! Medic ships and supply ships stay around the Pearl Core ! Blue Core , release all the main blums ! Go full automatic and crush every single ant ! Concentrate 80 % of the firepower on the Nodos . Use the rest to go after the ants ! The energy is expanding rapidly ! It 's exceeding the limits of the Pearl Core 's shield ! - -What ? - -Hurry up and aim ! Aiming at the Nodos ! Locked on ! Aim adjustment complete ! Aiming with a margin of error 0.01 % ! Fire ! W-Withdraw ! What ? What ? What just happened ? Massive energy detected on the planet Huelgoat ! I can see that much ! What the hell just happened ? The planet has ... died ... Topaz Core is badly damaged ! Unable to communicate with 60 % of the fleet ! Ruby Core and Blue Core have received extensive damage ! Recover Dralion Unit ! Move all the fleets behind the satellite fortress ! Where 's Pearl Core ? It 's still synchronizing with the enemy Nodos ! How much time do we have until the total destruction of the planet ? Less than 200 seconds . I 'll maintain the gravitational field until then . Gather all the fleets , Ruby Core and Blue Core around the Nodos ! We should drop the synchronization and release him right now ! If we get hit one more time , we 're all going to die for certain ! So we should let him go and let the Argonaut be sunk ? Then what 's the point of all the damage we just took ? What did that planet get blown away for ? I guess I am as useless as those dead commanders , huh ? Look what 's happening ... I could care less if some fleets ignored my order and just ran away at this point . Ruby Core standing by at point N-3 . Pearl Core standing by at point N-83 . Blue Core and each battleship , go to 88-03-33 ! Some of the unreachable ships are joining the fleet activities ! No one is running away ? ! I guess it can 't be helped . We 're all crazy about you , ma 'am . That 's how you keep getting yourselves killed , fools ... Karkinos ! Why ... Why did the Tribe of Gold give that Nodos to the Tribe of Iron ? Maybe to divide this universe into two . Into two ? They 're small groups . The Azz-Azoth Fleet is managing to suppress all the rest of them . All Organ Units , return to the ship . The ship will now move to Space Speed 3 and enter active warp once again . All Organ Units , return to the ship . Did we find the starway ? No , the princess must be ... I 'm putting everyone in danger ... When I think about it , I get scared . Dhianeila is doing the right thing . What ? Because you did what Dad and the others said . You mean the Tribe of Gold ? Belcross will make a path . So you go straight down the path you want to take . If you do that we can meet again . Age ... Transmit our course to the Azz-Azoth Fleet . If the planet Huelgoat was really destroyed , for them who 've lost their starway , this ship is the only sign that they can rely on . Captain , I can sense a source of strong hostility coming towards us ! Deploy the shield at the maximum output power ! Search for the spatiotemporal and gravitational disturbances in the surrounding area ! Gravity disturbance detected ! It 's right above us ! What ? Data match ! Th-That 's Full Hedron ! The Tribe of Silver ? There you are . Tribe of Iron ... I won 't let you get away . Not enough shield output power available due to warp standby ! Stopping active warp charge due to the shield deployment ! The timing couldn 't be worse ! Damn you ... Shield or warp , which one should we give up ? Take the path that 's given to you . Princess ? Back off ! The attack has stopped ! Emergency shield release ! Active warp ! Wh-What was that just now ? - -Dhianeila-sama ! - -Are you all right ? What in the world ... Dhianeila-sama ! Dhianeila-sama ? Dhianeila-sama ! Zutto mae kara kimi no koto shitteita kedo Konna kimochi mebaeru nante omowanakatta Masaka kimi ni koi suru nante Nanige nai kaerimichi yozora no hoshi wo miage nagara Wazato toomawari shite kimi no kata ni motarete aruku Futari de ireba donna kotodemo norikoeraresou to iu kimi no Massugu na me wo mitsumete omou Kimi wo aishiteru Leaving Age behind alone , the planet Dewey closes in on us . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 9 : " The Return . "
