 Fire ! The planet has ... died ... Back off ! Dhianeila-sama ! Over and over again I wish on the dazzling star far away Wandering heartbeats , gravitation , the story of their attraction When did it begin ? No one knows the end of it It 's not a trick or an illusion , it 's a current that I can 't swim against ( Dark ! ) The monster that lives in the darkness ( Blight ! ) As if I were easily getting swallowed into it ( I seek a hero ! ) I awake as I truly am If God says conflicts and life 's old dreams go hand in hand I 'm looking for you even if it means ripping my body apart With a flower held to my heart , no one can stop this heartbeat now that it 's begun We 're destined to come in contact The spatiotemporal gap has disappeared . Confirming return to normal space . No errors detected in the navigation control system . Vital signs have dropped to an abnormal level . No external injuries . Extreme physical and psychic exhaustion . We must restore her physical strength with the Dettmer Method first . Yes , ma 'am . What 's the matter ? He 's confused . What happened ? They 're escaping ... I don 't understand ! No sign of enemies detected within the search range . Don 't let your guard down . Is the ship course from here ready yet ? It 's going to take approximately 70 hours before the calculation is completed , Master . There 's no Argonaut without the princess , huh ? - -Captain . - -Princess ? Move ... forward ... I will ... Receiving a message via the psycholine . Beginning analysis . Captain . Aneasha , how 's the princess ? It seems that her exhaustion level has reached the limit , but it 's not life-threatening . I see . But I 'm not sure if she 's able to lead us in her current condition ... She 's already done enough . - -What ? - -Please take care of the princess . Y-Yes , sir . Dhianeila-sama ... Determine the ship 's course according to the analysis results for that data . As soon as we detect the Azz-Azoth Fleet , send them the same data . Course confirmed . Navigation program ready to execute anytime . Move out ! Pearl Core 's output power has dropped . The planet will soon be completely destroyed , and the gravitational field holding the enemy Nodos will disappear along with it . 45 seconds until the remaining fleets completely surround the enemy . This is going to be very close . All units attack as soon as it 's surrounded . Focus all energy on the enemy Nodos and seal it with the shield . Use the shield and seal his energy in ! Gravity , vector , traffic , all clear ! What if even a tiny part of the shield were ripped ? Just like a balloon , we 'd pop and be finished . And yet none of the fleets are deserting . Those idiots ... Do you want them to desert ? That 'd make it easy for me to give it all up . There 's no way to run ... for you and that monster . 10 seconds until it 's completely surrounded ! Karkinos ! At this rate , Karkinos will ... If I go , I 'll be able to defeat him . I can defeat the fifth- - No . You must not leave this planet , Yuty . Five seconds until it 's completely surrounded ! 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... Mehitak ! A spatiotemporal gap has appeared ! - -It 's gone ... - -Cease fire ! Cease fire ! A-All fleets , cease fire ! Where is it ? A high-energy source has appeared . It 's outside of the trap . It 's going back the way it came . Did it run away ? That monster ... Mehitak has left the battleground . Because Yuty ordered him to head to where the fifth Nodos is . She 's going to make Mehitak fight the fifth Nodos ? But Mehitak doesn 't want to fight anymore . Karkinos ... Mehitak ... Prome O-sama ! Go , Lecty . They need your help . I 'm sure both Yuty and Rom Ror will allow that as well . Nodos ... We don 't even know a thing about the true meaning of the agreements ... Gravitational disturbance detected on the ship 's course . An enemy ? No sign of the enemy in the Defense Identification Zone . According to the analysis results- - We 're receiving a signal asking us for the codes ! That 's a camouflaged human starway ! Once you 've reconfirmed that no enemies are pursuing us , send our codes ! No enemies detected in the warning range ! Lifting the obel barrier ! Entering Argonaut I.D. code S. Entering I.D. code P. Entering I.D. code F. Entrance code check complete . Defense I.D. Zone search complete as scheduled . Responding to their request for our codes . The camouflage created by the gravitational disturbance has been released . It 's a starway to the human Lebensraum ! Just in case , camouflage us again as you navigate , so that the enemy forces won 't see us . Stay on your toes . You never know what 's going to happen . Calculating the scheduled ship course . If we proceed at cruising speed , we will be arriving at home within 600 hours . I guess we managed to come home alive . Raise the Astral Sail on Matrix B. Output power 60 % , angle 15 . All sails down . Dimension ripper , activate ! Currently , we 're navigating the starway to humankind 's realm . I want everyone to get on the ball and give your full attention to everything you do , so that we can proceed along our final course safely . We 'll continue to stay on the emergency control system . Stay prepared to intercept the enemy . I thought you were with the princess . Her condition is stable . You should be happy . How can the rest of the crew be happy when you look that way ? Give me a break ... If we 're the only ones who get to go home , what 's the point ? Age will definitely come back . Hurry , we might get attacked by the enemy again ! Recovery of survivors almost complete . Keep checking for them . We made it out of the fight against the Nodos alive ... Did the Argonaut 's luck rub off on us ? Mehitak ... Many died ... I killed another planet ... Someone else has received a request for their codes . It 's ... the Azz-Azoth Fleet ! So they 've made it ! Bee , they aren 't lost , are they ? They 're trailing us , and they 're 50 hours behind us . All right . How 's our Nodos doing ? None of our searches have picked him up , Master ... I see . The enemy isn 't coming , you know . Or are you waiting for someone else ? Stop sleeping in a place like this . Just go back to your room . It doesn 't make any difference where I sleep . I don 't need it . Don 't waste your power . Waste , huh ? The princess hasn 't awoken yet ? It 's the dormancy response . It 's characteristic of telepaths . We 've been taking all possible measures to ensure that her vital activity is okay . - -I see . - -Yeah . How unsightly you are , Karkinos . The ones who couldn 't make it home alive , huh ? Receiving the fleet 's rendezvous signal . It 's the Azz-Azoth Fleet ! We 've lost many ... Both men and ships . Less than 40 % of us will get to go home together ... And the dead who left bodies behind with us are the lucky ones . Most of my subordinates are wandering in the cold of space even now , and will do so forever . Our princess says that the stars will guide those souls to where they belong . Her words alone sound like guidance . So whatever happened to the " hope " you were talking about ? He hasn 't turned up yet . I wouldn 't want to think so many sacrificed their lives for nothing . Seriously , where is he ? I bet Age is starving . Hurry up and come back , Age ... Please , Captain ! Give us your permission ! No . Not only will the enemy kill all of you if they find you , you could also give them a chance to detect the camouflaged starway ! But Age is worth more than that ! As the princess remains asleep , there 's no guarantee that he will be able to properly follow this ship ! Then wait until the princess wakes up ! What if he gets so far behind us , even the princess ' power can 't do anything about it ? Our journey , and all the battles that we 've fought so far , will mean absolutely nothing , Father ! Shut up , Iolaous ! No , I won 't ! I- - Let us stay on the course . Princess ... That 's what Age wants us to do . The path we travel shall become the path to meeting up with him . Captain ! We 've reached the monitoring range of the planet Dewey . Put it on all the screens in the ship . So we have returned ... There 's an object approaching us at high speed ! Is that the enemy ? Don 't tell me we 've been followed ! It 's a beautiful planet . It 's Dewey ... my home planet . Although I have known you for a long time I never dreamed these feelings would sprout And I would fall in love with you Casually going home , as I look at the stars in the night sky I take the long way on purpose and lean on your shoulder as we walk You tell me you think we can overcome anything as long as we stay together I think as I look into your forthright eyes That I love you A solitary battle is about to begin in the shadow of humankind 's hospitable reception . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 10 : " The Solitary Hero . "
