 Far , far away , in a distant time . In the outer space of this universe there was a tribe called the Tribe of Gold . They , who created planets and had the power to foresee the future , called out to the still-primitive other tribes . The tribes that responded to their call were the Tribe of Silver , the Tribe of Bronze , and the Tribe of Hero . Before long , the Tribe of Hero started a war , and many tribes faced extinction . When the Tribe of Gold made them stop fighting , there were only five survivors in the Tribe of Hero . Then the Tribe of Gold punished those five survivors . Those five were condemned to dwell within and serve tribes weaker than their own . Those within whom dwelled members of the Tribe of Hero were called " Nodos " and became the figures to control the fate of the universe . The most powerful one of the five survivors , Belcross , entered a boy from the weakest and newest tribe to come into space ... Someone from the Tribe of Iron- - in other words , humankind . A boy named Age . Over and over again I wish on the dazzling star far away Wandering heartbeats , gravitation , the story of their attraction When did it begin ? No one knows the end of it It 's not a trick or an illusion , it 's a current that I can 't swim against ( Dark ! ) The monster that lives in the darkness ( Blight ! ) As if I were easily getting swallowed into it ( I seek a hero ! ) I awake as I truly am If God says conflicts and life 's old dreams go hand in hand I 'm looking for you even if it means ripping my body apart With a flower held to my heart , no one can stop this heartbeat now that it 's begun We 're destined to come in contact Start up of warp system normal ... Five minutes until we intersect with the starway . The ship will now enter warp flight mode . Confirming the horoscope on the starway . Route No . L2S-527896-CYY . Specifying the astral sign . Establish the link . Route L2S-527896-CYY , link established . Beginning acquisition of the horoscope . All sails , route-sensing mode . Approximately 180 seconds until we determine the horoscope . E-a-r-t-h . The third planet of the solar system . The homeland of us humans . More than a century ago ... Hey , look at that ! Earth was invaded by the Tribe of Bronze , and even now , we can 't get close to our solar system . The Tribe of Silver , which has been trying to destroy humankind , and the Tribe of Bronze that works under them , have continued to steal our Lebensraum . Reclaiming our Earth is our long-cherished desire . And our only hope is you , Age . You , who possess the Tribe of Hero within ... Dad and the others said that when Dhianeila comes , Age goes with her . Age has things to do . Hey , can Age explore inside the Argonaut some more ? Let 's take a break . Tail . Mail . Yes . We 'll go with him . Do you think we can assume that he understands his mission ? I feel that way . He knew the Twelve Agreements , and knows the reason why he 's on this ship right now . Beginning the warp setting according to the acquired horoscope . Suspending normal functions . All sails , down . Activating the dimension ripper . Warp in ! Exceptional area enveloping the ship 's body . Astral sail , rise on Matrix A. Sail expanding . Thrust distribution within acceptable range . Warp status , cruising confirmed . It 's been two cycles since we last saw the starway , but as of now this ship is safely back on it . And this is all thanks to everyone 's hard work . However , our journey is only half over . Until we return to Altria with our savior , I urge everyone to stay sharp and carry out your duty . Bee , have the tactical program ready in case of any encounters . Yes , Master . We still have a long way to go . 41st to 50th Organ Units , enter 20-minute standby . 21st to 30th Organ Units , you are on reserve for duty in twelve hours . Protecting the princess and this ship she 's on is our duty . How could we ever rely on that damn monkey ... Stop ! You might die if you lick that ! Age can 't eat it ? That 's paint ! P-a-i-n-t ! We paint the walls and Organs with it . Paint-with-it . Shutting down the cargo area . Evacuate immediately . Shutting down the cargo area . Aneasha . Age is ... What ? Explain what happened ! Good grief ... I praise you for your active interaction with him . It is possible that we could expect some kind of educational results from it . However , I certainly can 't praise you for encouraging wild behavior like this . We 're sorry . To think that monkey is our savior ... How unfortunate ... Getting carried away with the Nodos ... They 've got some nerve . Sorry for the trouble my daughters have caused . No , it was me who failed to exercise proper oversight . Having the Nodos onboard could end up causing panic on the ship . How should we deal with that ? As far as his mission goes , Dhianeila-sama believes that he does understand it . Take that ! I agree with her on that . He has shown us that he 's willing to fight for us . What just happened was just an innocent prank . The problem is actually the crew who 've been overly sensitive about him . Everyone seems to be afraid of his power . After all , we 're being asked to believe that wild boy is our savior . And now that we 've all seen the power of the Nodos ... I don 't blame them for overreacting . Even to his simple prank . I fear we have no choice but to educate him . I know it 's going to be tough , but I 'm counting on you . As long as we can 't control that monkey , we can 't feel safe taking him back to Altria . We 'll do everything we can . Starting with his appearance ? Yes . Having him look more presentable could give our crew a quite different impression of him , I think . Age himself might develop some kind of self-awareness if he dresses properly . We 're back . You sure look clean now . Taking showers is fun , huh ? Well then , why don 't we give him a haircut next ? Huh ? You don 't have to be afraid . Everyone does this . Just watch . Over here . It 'll grow right back , even if you cut it . Just like Fuuto ? Yes , and it doesn 't hurt , either . After the haircut , this is next . What is that ? A suit . What 's a suit ? The clothes that you wear inside the ship . This is much more comfortable . Hey , where is it ? What ? P-a-i-n-t ! You can use that wall as you like . Thank you ! I thought that he 'd be able to change clothes with no problem , but ... He accepted a haircut , and showed an interest in the tools we use . It 's great progress . He 's painting a picture . I think he 's just splashing it on randomly . Wow ... What the heck is that ? That Nodos is ... What are you doing ? I certainly didn 't expect that side of his personality . Hmm ? Did he get a haircut ? Supposedly it was Dhianeila-sama 's suggestion . Just as I 'd expect from the princess . She sure has him wrapped around her finger . Where is that scenery from ? Olone . From a long time ago . This is a keete . There were a lot more , too . Fuuto 's favorite food is posto 's roots . But there weren 't that many . Planet Olone ... I can tell your wish is to revive it . It 's a Nodos . No other Tribe of Iron . Should we attack ? The power of Nodos ... Must be tested . I 'll do it . Captain . What is the matter , Princess ? I sense very powerful murderous intent . Someone is pursuing this ship . It 's probably the Tribe of Silver . What did you say ? Can you pick up the enemy ship ? No response within the search range . But there 's no doubt that an enemy is approaching this ship . Execute the tactical program . Yes , Master . After evaluating the battle plan , we have determined that evacuation via active warp would be the best choice . But active warp doesn 't let you specify the route with precision ... The enemy can 't pursue us if they don 't know where we 're going to warp out . The destination is going to be somewhere in the vast dark space between the Fallow System and the Asion System . The chance of us warping out by a large , high-mass object is close to zero . Are you saying that there 's no risk involved ? You could say that the risk is extremely low , Dhianeila-sama . During the energy charge , the ship will limit the use of the shields as well as all the energy-charged weapons . Our defenses will therefore be lowered extremely ... So we will leave the starway after the charge is completed , then begin the active warp . I don 't want to leave the starway , but we can 't afford to return home accompanied by our enemy . What do you think , Princess ? Understood . I approve it . Go . What 's wrong ? Multiple objects have appeared on the starway . It 's the Tribe of Bronze ... Their ant heaps ! Warp out ! Let 's go , Belcross . Weapons system , ready ! Good ! Concentrate the firepower on the front ! Let the Nodos handle the rear ! Now fire ! Let 's go ! Don 't fall behind that monkey ! This is- - Age ... The Tribe of Silver ! He 's just too much more powerful than I am ... Engaging in active warp . All units , return to the ship . Nodos ... Our savior ... Our Nodos ! Energy charge complete ! Good . Let 's get out of here . Activate dimension ripper ! Astral turbine engine at full speed ! Warp in ! Coordinates confirmed ! We 're almost exactly in the center of the target area . No sign of enemy or gravitational disturbances detected in the area . Mission complete . We shook them off . This success is the result of our power and the power of our Nodos . Now this should remove some of the worries that they have towards Age . I 'm sure he will fight for us at any time , anywhere . No matter what we think of him ... The destruction and ruin engraved on your heart ... You feel that pain , yet for us ... The princess actually touched someone of her own volition ... ? ! The fifth one showed up . Although I have known you for a long time I never dreamed these feelings would sprout And I would fall in love with you Casually going home , as I look at the stars in the night sky I take the long way on purpose and lean on your shoulder as we walk You tell me you think we can overcome anything as long as we stay together I think as I look into your forthright eyes That I love you We encountered another Nodos at the terminal planet where we stopped for supply replenishment ... Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 4 : " The Planet Titarros . "
