 Do not forget that all of you have agreements given to you by the Tribe of Gold . Age wants you to take us there , Dhianeila . Where would that be ? To everyone 's future . What are you so afraid of ? You have already destroyed so many tribes using the power within you , haven 't you ? Did the Tribe of Gold know about this battle ? Did they know the agreement ordered our tribe to be taken hostage ? And the real meaning of it ... ? Over and over again I wish on the dazzling star far away Wandering heartbeats , gravitation , the story of their attraction When did it begin ? No one knows the end of it It 's not a trick or an illusion , it 's a current that I can 't swim against ( Dark ! ) The monster that lives in the darkness ( Blight ! ) As if I were easily getting swallowed into it ( I seek a hero ! ) I awake as I truly am If God says conflicts and life 's old dreams go hand in hand I 'm looking for you even if it means ripping my body apart With a flower held to my heart , no one can stop this heartbeat now that it 's begun We 're destined to come in contact Unable to maintain the second defensive line on our rear ! It 's going to allow the enemy to cross it in about 200 seconds ! Concentrate the troops on the first line . Abandon the second line . What 's the ship 's current course ? We 're remaining on course with an error of plus or minus 0.5 , Master . All right , shake off the enemy before they block off our path ! It 's been a while since the last time we were in an actual battle , huh ? Ugh ! So gross ! Go away ! - -Iolaous-sama ! - -Don 't worry ! Age is holding the enemy Nodos back for us . We are not going to let these little enemies slow us down ! Age ... That 's right ... That 's good . Your opponent is nothing but a cheap shot that knows only how to scuffle . Karkinos , show him what you 're made of . This is awful ... Then end it quick . If you don 't follow the agreement , your entire tribe will pay for it . If I destroy the ship ... I don 't have to do anything else ? Now do it . Artemia . Captain ! Reduce the ship 's speed right now ! Emergency deceleration ! Bring the leading troops back ! Powerful energy response detected at 562 ! It 's growing rapidly ! It 's a new Nodos . A new one ? ! What happened ? Enormous energy just passed in direction 562 ! A high-temperature zone exceeding shield endurance limits has appeared on our course ! It stole the Argonaut 's path with a single blow ... Bee , calculate an alternative course now ! Yes , Master . That 's Artemia . I 'll keep my distance from the steel ship , surround it , and wait . High energy detected at the same location ! It 's surging higher than the energy peak of an explosion ! Don 't tell me this is just the beginning of the main event ... All the enemy troops around our ship are now leaving ! They are trying to get out of there before they get caught up in the battle ! Retreat at full speed ! Captain , prepare for active warp ! What ? But what about the course ? I 'll show it to you . Received it via psycholine ! Beginning analysis ! This is guidance from the princess . Recover all the troops ! This ship will now enter active warp ! Navigation section , prepare to activate the astral turbine engine ! Activate all-sail mode ! Energy charge 10 % ! Princess , is Age still fighting with the enemy Nodos ? Yes . You low-class tribe ... This is the end . Retreat ! Move it ! This ship will now enter active warp . All personnel , prepare immediately . I repeat . This ship will now enter active warp . Energy charge on the sails , 70 % ! Estimated time until the activation of the astral turbine is two minutes ! Come on , make it ... Fire . Energy charge , 90 % ! A high-energy line is flying towards us ! 14 seconds until it reaches us ! So long , steel ship ... Five , four , three , two , one ! I-It 's Belcross ! Age ! Why you ... Age , come this way , quick ! Age ! Why ? Charge complete ! Dimension ripper activate ! All sails active mode ! Astral turbine engine ignite ! Begin warp ! Age ... No matter where you go , we will soon find you . Do not let him get away next time , Mehitak . Active warp , all sequences complete . It 's a planet ... We 're back on the starway ! Verify all the points on the starway . Set the coordinates . We did it , Princess ... Your vital signs are just this side of abnormal . You 've been fighting way too much . You need to heal quickly . I left Age behind again . I let him fight all by himself . And we call ourselves the royal knights ? ! Princess guided us with her faith in Age ! It 's not your fault . An ant heap detected on the satellite orbit ! This place is a battleground , too ? Course 275 ! Break away at full speed ! An enormous mass is ahead of us ! Pincer tactics , huh ? I guess we have no choice . All personnel , to your battle stations ! Hold on , Captain ! Fire from the enemy in front ! It doesn 't match our ship 's course ! It 'll miss us ! What ? The enemy in the rear is changing its course ! Are they our allies ? That just now consumed 10 % of our remaining energy . That 's all right . We 're on the edge of nowhere . There 's no better way to offer hospitality to our fellow men . Contact their ship . Yes , ma 'am ! Receiving a transmission from the fleet ahead via the commander line , Master . Put them through . I am Nilval Nephew , commander of the Azz-Azoth Fleet . We 've identified your ship as the specialist vessel Argonaut . - -Nilval , it 's you ! - -Long time no see , Mobeedo . I 've heard a rumor that you were forced into the search for the legendary Nodos , but ... I had no idea you 'd been drifting about on outer-fringe battlegrounds like this . I see you still have that sharp tongue , but you certainly saved us . We thank you . No need to thank me . Just explain what in the world made the Yunos Royal Family 's ship visit a place like this . Did they put you in charge of developing a special war-zone planet just for the royal family or something ? Please let me explain . Well ... Princess Dhianeila . I am the deputy commander of this fleet , Nilval Nephew . So you 're not the official commander ? This place is cursed by destruction . We have already lost three commanders , as well as a deputy commander , in the line of fire . They have yet to supply us with a new commander or the necessary materials . I see . So what circumstance brought you to this planetary system ? Please stand up , Commander Nilval . Thanks to you , Your Excellency , we escaped death by hairsbreadth , along with the hope of humankind . Hope of ... humankind ? I see you finally fell asleep . Having only you guys fight out there all the time ... You 're not the only person who feels ashamed of himself . So let me at least ease your fatigue . The Azz-Azoth Fleet ... It 's described as one of the strongest fleets , with a large satellite fortress as its core . Defending the planetary systems around was their role , but in the reality it seems that they don 't even have adequate supplies . You and the commander know each other ? We went to the same service academy . I guess I could say I haven 't been able to shake her off since . Luck 's never been on her side , but she 's unparalleled when it comes to leadership . Receiving a transmission via the commander line . Put them through . We 'd like to convey our fleet 's collective opinion to you . We have lost two thirds of our fleet , and this planetary system has received catastrophic attacks . However , we have continued to fight , using our limited energy in order to protect the planetary system that stretches behind us . If we were to go along with our original mission , we wouldn 't be able to help your ship . However , two months ago , the enemy forces began to leave this area all of a sudden . I used to think that the Nodos search was nothing but a cock-and-bull story , but ... It sounds like they 're actually fearsome enough to draw the enemy forces out of this area . They 're beings that could best not only one planetary system , but all the military forces in the universe . I just couldn 't understand why you 'd leave such a being so far behind . But we have detected collisions of high-energy at certain coordinates . Because they 're still fighting ... Our Nodos , Age and Belcross ... I 'm sure the Tribe of Bronze from earlier has already informed the Tribe of Silver about us . They will appear in this area soon . Everything supports the actual existence of the legendary Nodos . Therefore , we will stop protecting these planets that war has brought to the brink of death , and instead devote all our forces to protecting the Argonaut , so that you can finish your mission . Thank you , Commander Nilval Nephew ! Under normal circumstances , this would lead to a war trial , but unfortunately we don 't have anyone here who holds a higher rank than me . We 'll create a defensive line throughout this area for your departure . We regret that we 're unable to repair your ship or give you supplies ... We don 't have enough time , anyway . Besides , we 're not ungrateful enough to make complaints to those willing to slow the enemy forces down for us . I pray for your success in battle , Mobeedo . Right back at you . Interesting things are in store if you stay alive . May the guidance of the stars be with the hope of humankind . And also with you . Hope , huh ? I 'd almost forgotten such a word existed in this world . Ma 'am . Attention all units . We will now prepare to engage the enemy with everything we 've got . We 've made it this far . Why don 't we check out this so-called savior of humankind ? Argonaut , move out ! Belcross will make a path . So you go straight down the path you want to take . If you do that we can meet again . I will find the path ... I promise , Age . Although I have known you for a long time I never dreamed these feelings would sprout And I would fall in love with you Casually going home , as I look at the stars in the night sky I take the long way on purpose and lean on your shoulder as we walk You tell me you think we can overcome anything as long as we stay together I think as I look into your forthright eyes That I love you Belcross and Lernaea fight on , and Nilval tries to slow Artemia down . Next time on Heroic Age : Episode 8 : " The Flashing Nodos . "
