 We have now returned to normal space-time . All warping processes have completed . We 're currently located in the center of the Alta star system . We 're securing the starway to the planet Codomos . This area is totally undefended , even though it 's extremely close to their mother planet . So they really don 't have a concept of " our own place ... " Would you like to lower the alert level ? There 's no need for us to accommodate ourselves to them . We 'll take our own approach . However , there 's no doubt that this is a noncombat area . I hope the message that we sent to our friendly forces will reach them . No sign of the enemy in the area . Organ units remain standing by . Roger . It is an extremely bold move to head to our enemy 's mother planet alone . But considering this situation , it is obvious that the princess has made the right decision . What 's going to happen next ? I feel it . I 'm sure of it . It is ahead for sure . Lecty . Yes , Prome-sama . Someone is trying to come to where I am . That is ... The one who is capable of finding a path even away from the starway . I 'll come to protect you right now- - There 's no need for you to do that . But Prome-sama ... I 'll send the person my voice . You just stay there and listen to that . Your voice ... You mean you 're going to have a talk with the Tribe of Iron ? But ... Over and over again I wish on the dazzling star far away Wandering heartbeats , gravitation , the story of their attraction When did it begin ? No one knows the end of it It 's not a trick or an illusion , it 's a current that I can 't swim against ( Dark ! ) The monster that lives in the darkness ( Blight ! ) As if I were easily getting swallowed into it ( I seek a hero ! ) I awake as I truly am If God says conflicts and life 's old dreams go hand in hand I 'm looking for you even if it means ripping my body apart With a flower held to my heart , no one can stop this heartbeat now that it 's begun We 're destined to come in contact Why are you trying to fight alone ? Are you trying to drive yourself to madness ? Yuty ... Don 't slow down ! Shake them off ! Ma 'am , we 've got a communication from the Argonaut ! Planet Codomos ? Does it mean this is conciliation rather than surrender ? Given the time lag of the communication , the Argonaut should be reaching Codomos any time now . To think they 're jumping into the territory of the ones who have been trying to destroy us ... No guidance could be bolder than hers . We 're changing course ! We will head to planet Codomos ! Entering the coordinates sent by the Argonaut . It looks like there 's still a way ... I feel it . They are waiting for us . This could be a trap ... I don 't think so . Dhianeila-sama would like to see you . Come here right away . To the princess ' room ? I 'm here . Please stand up , Iolaous This is my princess ' room , and I 'm in her presence . I can 't bring myself to do that . You can 't jump with me if you 're saying things like that . Jump with you , Princess ? We will land on the Codomos . Please reconsider , Dhianeila-sama . We have no time to waste . But going there without any security would be ... Iolaous will be with me . I 'm going there alone , and that 's the point , Aneasha . I must reach reconciliation with them no matter what . Otherwise everyone in this star system will perish . Dhianeila-sama ... I swear to protect the princess with my life . Iolaous ... Princess , please show me the location . Is my power intimidating your mind , Iolaous ? No , princess . Good . I 'll show you the place we need to go . Can you see that , Iolaous ? Yes . We 'll go there . Will their environment be safe for us ? It seems that they have made arrangements for us . Let 's go , while there 's still time . I 'll follow your guidance . Captain . So she left ? She took Iolaous with her . Just two of them . Don 't worry . The princess has never made a wrong decision . It is our duty to have faith in her and wait . Yes . Princess ... Big brother ... Please be safe , Dhianeila-sama ... Iolaous ... I have been waiting for you . In accordance with your language , your environment and your civilization , let us exchange our thoughts . I could feel that you were making arrangements for us . Why did you realize my presence ? Because I felt your feelings . Were they emotions ? They were deeper and quieter than that . Prome O has welcomed the Tribe of Iron . That is a foolish choice . I am Prome O. Prome , a member of the O family . Dhianeila Y Leisha Altria Ol Yunos . Dhianeila , the eldest daughter of the Yunos royal family and the principal of the Altria star system . Prome O , would it be all right to convey our conversation to our ship ? Yes , Dhianeila . My fellow beings are also listening in . Thank you for your kindness . We feel that we need to learn more about you . My thoughts are the same . Are you here by yourself ? This is just the birthplace of our civilization . This place itself doesn 't hold any significance . Do you not desire to establish a civilization based on historic significance ? That fixation on one planet is a notion characteristic of a tribe that is unable to come to space on its own power . You are the only tribe that has tried to maintain its historic core , even after coming to space . Or perhaps I should say , the Tribe of Gold is the only one . The Tribe of Gold ? Prome O has come in contact with the Tribe of Iron . That suggests a possibility of some sort . This situation is worth reviewing . This conversation that Prome is in is a mistake . The presence of the Tribe of Iron disturbs the order of this universe . She has come without even a weapon . I agree to let this conversation continue . The Tribe of Iron is a tribe that 's going to perish ! Phaetho O. The one on Codomos right now is the very person who rules the fifth Nodos ! Talking to her is dangerous ! If Prome doesn 't get rid of her , I will do so myself ! Your emotions are taking you over , Phaetho O. I think we will perish if we don 't destroy the Tribe of Iron ! The enemy 's encirclement is falling apart ! What 's going on ? The path to survival is now open ! Head to the area where there 's the least number of enemies . We will burst through enemy lines ! Guide us through , Princess Dhianeila ... More and more voices are agreeing with Prome . Even we share one common thing . We both received Nodos from the Tribe of Gold . I think the intention of the Tribe of Gold is hidden there . Intention of the Tribe of Gold ? The agreements of the Nodos have major inconsistencies . However , it 's impossible that the Tribe of Gold made a mistake . Therefore , the current circumstances are what 's creating the inconsistencies , and perhaps the inconsistencies can be resolved by our peaceful reconciliation , and the power of the Tribe of Gold will be given to us . Peaceful reconciliation ? Who would 've thought we 'd hear those words from them ? Just like Dhianeila-sama said ... It seems that this person is the best one possible to negotiate with . We want peace as well . We 're not trying to take anything away from you . There are some among us who hate you . My fellow beings are debating over the pros and cons of our discussion . I feel it . I feel the wonderful spiritual balance maintained among you all . That is the power allowing us to expand through this vast universe . The scariest thing in the universe is isolation . In order to endure that , the sharing of psyches evolved , and we learned how to entrust all our emotions to a small group of our people . However , because of that we abandoned feelings , which are not to be ignored . What is that ? A sense of loss coming from the fact the Tribe of Gold has vanished . A sense of duty to take over their great guidance and maintain the order of this universe . Those things have created the notion that we must destroy the Tribe of Iron . But why us ? Not only did the Tribe of Gold abandon us , but they also gave your tribe the power . Nodos ... For us , who have been trying to learn everything from the Tribe of Gold , it is like a betrayal . However , emotions are not the only reasons why we believe that we must destroy you . You 're also a savage tribe that would even destroy a planet that you sought for yourself ! Unlike your tribe and the Tribe of Gold , we might not have the wisdom to live in space yet . But who decided that we could never gain it ? Did the Tribe of Gold truly decide that we should be destroyed because we 're immature ? Of course , my people are also in danger of causing destruction due to a conflict of opinions . You and I should probably both learn from the Tribe of Gold ... The danger of causing destruction ... We must learn from the Tribe of Gold ... This is not destruction . It is a war that 's necessary to keep order . I think it is possible to establish order through dialogue . Let 's see what happens . They have no intention of attacking ... It appears that the enemy attacks have been weakening at each location as well . There 's no doubt about it ... It is Princess Dhianeila . High-energy source believed to be a Nodos detected ! Projecting the visuals . That place is hell . Considering how powerless we are , we 'll be destroyed instantly if we enter it . We have no choice but to leave . We 'll head to the starway of the planet Codomos immediately . Age ... We don 't know anything about the power of the Tribe of Gold which you have studied . But you were born with the knowledge of it . As proof , you found the planet Olone with no starway . Yuty ... At this rate she 'll go mad ! There are times I experience mysterious sensations . It feels like all the wishes of the planets are guiding me ... And at the same time , it feels like I 'm connecting all the planets which still don 't have starways ... Those are the very truths which surpass all known before . The things I feel are the truths ... ? I have always thought that perhaps we , who travel through the universe with the guidance of the stars , have also been guiding the stars at the same time . Starways are the interactions of the planets , and at the same time their very lives . Starways are born before planets are born ... And vanish before they die . You understood that intuitively . I also have always thought that ... Why aren 't you afraid to get separated from the starway ? Because that 's the truth of the words " come forth , " which the Tribe of Gold once said to us . Stars aren 't born only from the various powers that flow in the universe . The interaction of lives from different planets can also create starways . Filling this universe with starways ... if that was the objective of the Tribe of Gold ... They permitted wars with no boundaries because they thought that would stimulate the migration of lives the most . They would have stopped us if their power to foresee the future made them consider our actions as harmful to the universe . If there were anything that could be called a possibility for the universe in our war ... I have already seen it ... On the ruined planet Olone ... The presence of the Argonaut and me resurrected the starway , which was thought to be dead . That 's why we met Age . A gravitational disturbance has been detected ! Is that the enemy ? There 's no possibility for the Tribe of Iron ! The time has come for you to face those emotions , Phaetho O. That is your job , Prome O ! Make sure the shield is at max power ! The majority of us have endorsed Prome O. Therefore , their dialogue now represents our collective will . That thinking is wrong ! What was that ? The enemy just protected us ? Is this the " possibility " ? Yuty ... Is there something that can be called a possibility even in this war , Prome-sama ? Most of my fellow beings have endorsed our dialogue . But the war is still going on . It 's because of the ones who agree with Rom Ror , the ruler of the four Nodos . If the inconsistencies remain , a collapse will be inevitable . If the five Nodos enter madness , even we won 't be able to stop them . Only the Tribe of Gold can stop Nodos that are mad . There 's a planet where they first appeared in this universe . None of us ever paid it any heed , because it held no value as the beginning . You believe the secret of their power lies there ? When the Tribe of Gold left , the planet lost its starway . All it had left were distant memories . Memories ... I shall now entrust the one who guides the planets beyond the starways with the memories that I have been governing . The name of the planet which only you can find is ... Elysium . Although I have known you for a long time I never dreamed these feelings would sprout And I would fall in love with you Casually going home , as I look at the stars in the night sky I take the long way on purpose and lean on your shoulder as we walk You tell me you think we can overcome anything as long as we stay together I think as I look into your forthright eyes That I love you When Kervius in madness mourns , the world turns into nothingness . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 22 : " The Agreement of Death . "
