 The Peony Unit is now on patrol . Each unit , after fanning out in the designated area , you have permission to release your weapon locks . Correction on the data for the flight course is completed . The third descending unit is now descending from orbit . Roger . The weather on the course is clear . The descending units have priority use of the channels 8 to 20 for their communications . The fourth descending unit will be dispatched in 20 minutes as scheduled . This unit includes the equipment transport shuttle . For the security formation-mapping program , use descent model A10 . The surveillance unit has discovered the remains - -There can 't be many resources on Earth . - -of a Tribe of Bronze colony ... Even this blue planet didn 't mean much to them , huh ? It 's beautiful . Humanity 's homeland ... No good , we 're running six seconds behind schedule . Men , don 't be staring at the scenery on this planet . Stay alert ! Tooku kirameku hoshi ni ikudo mo watashi wa negau Samayoeru kodou gravitation hikareau story Hajimari wa itsukara owari wa nanbito shirazu Mayakashi demo maboroshi demo naku sakaraenu nagare ( Kurai ) Yami ni sumishi mamono ( Blight ) Tayasuku nomikomareru youni watashi wa ( Eiyuu wo motomu ) Mezame arugamama Arishi yume ni arasoi wa tsukimono to kami ga iunara Kono mi kirisaite demo looking for Hana wo mune ni ugokidashita kodou wa dare nimo can 't stop Fureau ga sadame Bee , what 's going on with Mr. Hero ? He shows no signs of waking up , Master . What are the chances he 'll wake up before the other one does ? That 's unknown due to insufficient data . The princess said we had nothing to worry about , but ... If the enemy Nodos wakes up and starts acting violently ... The survival rate of the crew would be a figure virtually identical to zero . I know that much myself ! Gravitational disturbance detected . Some of the forward ships of the Calydonian Fleet have arrived . That 's Nilval for you . She 's already caught up with us , huh ? This is the birthplace of humanity ... Welcome to the holy land . We already checked the place . So you can bring your remaining fleets without worries . You managed to get the raging Nodos under control , dodge the enemies , and reach Earth . It 's hard to believe a single ship achieved so much . It 's thanks to our princess and the devil 's own luck . I should report to the Council immediately , but what happened to the princes ? They 're being respectfully kept in our custody . I wish I could send them out to be with our unfortunate comrades , who had to be reduced to space dust . Sorry to tell you this , but I don 't think the princess would want that . Oh , our mother planet , Earth ! Bless your servant who has survived so many uphill battles ! I can 't believe we are having such a great moment in a room like this ! But this is all because of our hard work , not Dhianeila 's . I 'm sure the Council will realize that as well . Of course they will . However , the real battle has yet to begin . Huh ? Are there other planets to be reclaimed ? No , Atalantes ! There are planets to be seized ! In order to get our revenge on the Tribe of Silver and the Tribe of Bronze ! Oh , I see ! So we 're going to attack their planets . There will be no victory unless we destroy humanity 's enemies ! We 'll show our foolish sister who the real king is ! So , we 're going to do this right when the princes make a plea to the Council , huh ... Bee , send our personal message to the Council as soon as you intercept the princes ' communication . Yes , Master . Now , let 's see when Mr. Hero wakes up ... So , you 're telling me that Mehitak has died ? He fought until there was no strength left in him . Just like his agreement with the Tribe of Silver told him to do . No matter . If he 's still alive he 'll be back . Back to his own tribe . If he doesn 't want it to perish ... So you lost again , trying to control the madness . Can you beat that opponent without exhausting all your powers , Karkinos ? If you order me to , I 'll fight next time , even if I go mad . As long as I 'm out there fighting , you 're not needed . Yuty 's anger is inevitable . After all , three of us together failed against the fifth Nodos . She 's just relieved that you 're okay . I 'm sure Mehitak is okay . That fifth one ... Age wouldn 't kill a defeated opponent . I 'm going to see Prome-sama . If you want to avoid Yuty 's revenge , you should go make her feel better now . Prome O , why did the Tribe of Iron seek that planet ? It is functioning as their vital behavioral principle . For them , that planet is the place where their ancestors were born , Rom Ror . What 's so significant about their birthplace ? The Tribe of Iron holds the strongest emotion towards their oldest home . And they 'll probably try to fight , hoping that their opponent will have the same emotion . Not for their survival ? For them , survival means emotions . And also , they 'll probably follow that principle and seek the power of the Tribe of Gold . What we sought . What we couldn 't obtain , although we sought it . The Tribe of Iron won 't be granted it , either . They were the very last ones to come out into space . But I think about the fact that the Tribe of Gold was already trying to leave this universe before they came . And about how we once fought the Tribe of Gold in order to prevent them from going . I think about why the Tribe of Gold was content to fight us instead of trying to leave right away . Maybe it 's because the Tribe of Gold was waiting for the Tribe of Iron ... Yuty ? L-Let me go ! I 'm sorry . I thought you were him . It 's okay . Yuty . Your anger ... I 'll calm it by me staking my life to fight . My agreement decrees that I must protect you from battles . Do you think I 'll rely on you ? Forget the agreement ... The idea that the Tribe of Gold sought the Tribe of Iron is not one we want . But I think about letting the Tribe of Iron acquire the power of the Tribe of Gold , and then having our two tribes share that power . The Tribe of Iron destroys planets . That thought is our destruction . The Tribe of Gold didn 't share the power . If the Tribe of Iron is going to acquire it , we must use all our powers to destroy them . I don 't think so , Rom Ror . The majority of us support my idea . Let 's destroy them . Prome-sama . The worries of the tribe are now mine . Worries ? Worries coming from the fact that the Tribe of Gold , which guided us , has left ... Anger and fear ... No one thinks we should face them . Now that we know how to entrust our emotions to someone else , no one believes we should be separated from that guidance ... I feel your worries . How you deeply care about Mehitak ... There 's one more rule left for Mehitak ... I can 't imagine the Tribe of Gold , which supposedly knows the future , left an agreement that would never come into effect . They only decreed the number of the agreements . Although we 're the ones who determined them , we don 't know if they will actually happen . Uncovering the true intentions of the Tribe of Gold , which are yet unknown to us , is part of your agreement . I can 't see anything . Let 's think and figure it out together . What lies at the end of our duties ... Yes , Prome-sama ... Humans ! Now that we have regained the Earth , we must launch retaliatory strikes on the planets of the Tribe of Bronze and Tribe of Silver , who threaten our survival , for the century-long sorrow and humiliation that we were forced to face ! And let the entire universe know that we humans are a strong and proud tribe- - He has no military talent whatsoever , but when it comes to political pizzazz he 's first-rate . Don 't you agree , Nilval ? The Council has reached their conclusion . " The Nodos now belongs to the Argonaut and we are independent from the Federation fleet . King Meleagros will continue to command the fleet , but for practical purposes , the executive commander will be Lieutenant General Nilval , who 's been returned to the Azz-Azoth Fleet . " Something like that ? Just what kind of magic did you use ? Oh , nothing special , I just suggested to the Council that it would make them look better if that whole thing about the royals being arrested and their authority seized had never happened . Thanks to you , I get to go back to my old nest and still retain the authority to assemble the entire fleet under the command of Princess Dhianeila at any time in the name of emergency . I 'm quite impressed by your politicking . It 's hard to believe you 're a man who almost died on the frontier ! I can do that much for the princess , I must dedicate my life to revering . Signs of awakening have been confirmed , Master ! Wh-Which one is it ? ! " Which one " ? Dhianeila . Yes . You were in my dream , too , Dhianeila . You were smiling . I 'm sure it was because you came back to this ship . Age ... You woke up , Age ? ! You 're crying and laughing at the same time . You got skills . I guess you 're right . You should be smiling - -You can come inside the room now . - -all the time , Dhianeila . - -Dhianella-sama will be fine . - -You think so ? By the way , - -That 's thanks to Age , too , huh ? - - are your wounds better now ? - -That 's thanks to Age , too , huh ? - -Yeah , they 're fine . - -That 's thanks to Age , too , huh ? - -That 's good to know ! - -I can 't keep on losing like this . My opponent is basically perfect . - -That 's good to know ! - -I can 't keep on losing like this . My opponent is basically perfect . - -But I was completely - -I can 't keep on losing like this . My opponent is basically perfect . - -worn out at that time . - -I bet you 're the only one in this universe - -I 'm sorry that I couldn 't catch you . - -who 's seriously trying to compete with the Nodos . - -I 'm sorry that I couldn 't catch you . - -Is that strange ? - -No , that 's okay . The moment I saw you I lost all my strength . - -No , that 's okay . The moment I saw you I lost all my strength . It 's like you , Iolaous . What do we do ? What do we do ? We need to call the princess ! Princess ! Princess ! Princess ! Princess ! He 's out ! The Nodos ' awakening is confirmed ! Your orders , sir ? For self-defense purposes only , you have permission to shoot ! However , use only shock bullets ! Let 's go , Mail ! Okay ! We 're not the same as we used to be ! There 's no way they can stop the Nodos ... Activate defensive system around Tail and Mail . It really didn 't work ! Age ! The princess and Age just arrived . Let Age handle the Nodos . Prioritize the security of the princess . Roger . We 're done trying to kill each other . We don 't have to fight anymore ? It looks like we don 't have to worry , just like the princess said . You witnessed a Nodos on the rampage , and then took two of them onboard your ship ... You sure are capable of making the most unbelievable decision like it 's nothing . Keep it a secret , okay ? The princess has actually been worried that humans might kill that Nodos out of fear . I 'll do as our star says ... Mehitak Pore . I 'm Mehitak from the Tribe of Pore . I am Dhianeila , the eldest daughter of the Yunos royal family , as well as the leader of the Altria planet system . We warmly welcome the Nodos of the Tribe of Pore , who has accepted a peaceful settlement with us . Does that mean I 'm going to have an agreement with you ? No . But would you tell us what kind of agreements you 're in ? As long as I obey the Tribe of Silver , the Tribe of Pore prospers . I must obey the Tribe of Silver until I exhaust all my powers as a Nodos . And I must help when the Tribe of Silver 's Nodos is in danger . Those are the three agreements that I 'm in . The Tribe of Silver 's Nodos ... Is that person also in agreements similar to yours ? She ... Yuty has eight agreements . The other two ... Karkinos has four and Lecty has five . Artemia and I exerted all our powers to fight Age , then lost , so I suppose I no longer have to obey the Tribe of Silver . What 's going to happen to your tribe ? If they find out that I 'm here ... Yuty might destroy my home planet . If you disobey the Tribe of Silver , they will destroy your tribe ? That 's why the other two can 't disobey either . Besides , Yuty is much , much stronger than we are . She 's probably stronger than Age ... There 's no need for you to worry about your tribe . What ? We will head to the Planet Tauron , the birthplace of the Tribe of Bronze . The planet where your tribe lives is in the same star system . Are you telling me to fight with you ? No . My wish is that you don 't use your Nodos ' power . And in return , we will protect your tribe . Really ? This war is between humankind and the Tribe of Silver . We shouldn 't involve other tribes in it in the first place . Until the war is over , please stay on a safe planet so no one will find you . Letting the second Nodos go , huh ? Such a merciful decision . That 's our princess . Would it be a problem if I stayed on this ship ? No , but why ? Because I don 't want you to be destroyed . If you really make my tribe safe , I don 't mind fighting for you ! The wish of the hero who sacrificed his feelings to keep fighting for his own tribe ... I 'll never neglect it . We have switched the navigation controls to the star system exit process . No errors detected in the main engine . Each ship , start up the tracer . Astral sign specified . A part of the leading fleet has started moving out in time for the arrival of the colonial ships . I guess we have to say goodbye to our homeland for a while , huh ? I hope it 's a good thing for this planet to have humans live here once again ... This is the planet that we once lost . I 'm sure we 'll treasure it more than anything . The fact that we had to lose it to feel that way makes me very worried . None of us has yet discovered the most prosperous path for this universe . The twelve agreements given to Age ... We haven 't figured out whether we 're even worth those agreements yet ... Age will believe in your heart , Dhianeila-sama . And the rest of us on this ship believe , too that we can figure this out together . Let 's just keep going forward for now ... Hoping that the path yet unseen that our path is waiting ahead . Zutto mae kara kimi no koto shitteita kedo Konna kimochi mebaeru nante omowanakatta Masaka kimi ni koi suru nante Nanige nai kaerimichi yozora no hoshi wo miage nagara Wazato toomawari shite kimi no kata ni motarete aruku Futari de ireba donna kotodemo norikoeraresou to iu kimi no Massugu na me wo mitsumete omou Kimi wo aishiteru The anxieties of the surrounding tribes heighten as humankind forcefully makes inroads . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 17 : " The Retributive Troops . "
