 Age ... Why ... I hear the Nodos left our ship ? So the credit for all the achievements on our journey somehow goes to those brothers , not the princess , huh ? Over and over again I wish on the dazzling star far away Wandering heartbeats , gravitation , the story of their attraction When did it begin ? No one knows the end of it It 's not a trick or an illusion , it 's a current that I can 't swim against ( Dark ! ) The monster that lives in the darkness ( Blight ! ) As if I were easily getting swallowed into it ( I seek a hero ! ) I awake as I truly am If God says conflicts and life 's old dreams go hand in hand I 'm looking for you even if it means ripping my body apart With a flower held to my heart , no one can stop this heartbeat now that it 's begun We 're destined to come in contact I don 't hear anything . I wonder if she 's meditating . Age is so cruel to make the princess all depressed like this . She 's locked herself in pretty much the whole time since we left the port , you know ? There are almost no usage records on the food dispenser , either . I worry about her health . Don 't say bad things about Age . But , Aneasha-sama ... Do you really think that Age just abandoned this ship and left ? Age left this ship in order to protect the princess . Protect her ? Age is the Nodos . From now on , he 's going to be the first target of the enemy . That 's why he decided to keep his distance from the princess . At least , that 's what I think . Oh , I see . Then he should just tell her that ! Age is cruel after all ! What 's wrong with Age ? It 's time for your meal . Thank you . We 're going to be very busy , so we need to build up our physical strength . Just leave it right there , please . Yes , Dhianeila-sama . The princess seems to be fine . I wonder when she got over the whole thing . You know she hasn 't . I shouldn 't make everyone worry more than I already have ... I need to get it together , especially at a time like this . So , you feel the same way about this , Father ? I can guess that much , judging from the way he 's fought before . Are you saying that Age 's trying to protect the princess by making himself a target ? Other than that , he wouldn 't have any reason to leave the ship , would he ? That monkey isn 't even aware that he 's a hero . Captain , as a soldier , I 'd like to ask you a question . What 's with the formality ? Do you think it 's appropriate to let the Yunos family be in charge of Age and the fleet ? We should not entrust our future to those brothers ! That 's the Council 's decision . Or do you know someone who 'd be better for the job ? Princess Dhianeila , of course . But the princess is also a member of the Yunos family . The princess is different from them . She 's someone that the Nodos would be willing to give his own life to protect ! There 's no other person like that . As a soldier who 's commanding the Argonaut on behalf of the Yunos family , I have no comment on that . But I feel the same way , too . Excuse me , sir . Create a private communication line between me and Nilval on the Althaia . One the people in the fleet can 't intercept . Can you do it ? I can set it up for you within 70 minutes , Master . Get right to it then . Roger . I 'd better hurry up ... Descendants of humanity spread all over this universe- - Our ancestors once set out on a journey into space in search of infinite possibilities ! Many sacrifices have been made along the way , but we owe the prosperity humankind enjoys in this universe today to their noble spirits ! And the Tribe of Silver is trampling on them ! Humans , now is the time for you to rise ! We 're going to reclaim humankind 's mother planet from the hands of the ruthless and insatiable Tribe of Silver ! This war is a holy war indeed ! All humanity and all the planets of all the tribes affiliated with the Federation must come together and never waver in their cooperation ! With all due respect , our star systems materials have been virtually seized from us in the name of the Federation fleet . It almost seems like they 're trying to put us under their control , instead of the Tribe of Silver ! Please accept my deepest apology for my brothers ' forceful orders for supplies . The dignity of humankind is at stake in this war . We have no other option but to win it . And in order to achieve that , it is essential for all the planets to come together for the cause . We must never use tyranny to gain support . I shall assume the role of ambassador to this supportive alliance in place of my brothers on the front lines . I swear to you that we will never again force assistance . That leads to mutual exhaustion of resources and creates mistrust . Either way , once we go up against the Tribe of Silver , no star system can dismiss the issue as another 's problem . Princess Dhianeila , it is hard not to wish you were the one in charge on the front lines if we all have to work together . It is very kind of you to say so . It is impossible to predict how many ant heaps there are going to be , and in what formations . In other words , your flexible response is going to be the key . For instance , in the case where- - That 's enough , Colonel . Oops , I 'm sorry . I guess you 're Lieutenant General Nilval now . My Quental Unit will take the lead in this . We 'll blow ' em all up ! That is reckless . No , it 's not ! Quental Unit is a dauntless unit with nothing but elites . Getting rid of those little worms is an easy task . Then , please share with us the basic battle strategies of the Calydonian Fleet . I told you that just now . And besides , we have the Nodos . What if the enemy Nodos appear ? Fight Nodos with Nodos , I say . Are you saying that you 're going to use the Nodos as the main force ? I can 't believe you 're going to put that much burden on one individual ... - -Nilval ! - -Your Majesty . I was quite impressed with how hard you fought at Huelgoat . You received an exceptional promotion to lieutenant general and we invited you to our fleet as an assistant to the executive tactical commander because we acknowledged your distinguished war service . I 'm very honored . That is why you must support Atalantes with everything you 've got ! Understood ? I 'm aware of that , sir . They 're nothing but damn monkeys , trying to act like military men , using the power of military uniforms ! It 's pretty hopeless if we have to play along with those people ... Yes , ma 'am ... Nilval ! And here comes the real monkey . But this is the monkey who 's going to save humanity . Mr. Savior , how can I help you ? P-a-i-n-t ! - -Huh ? - -Huh ? Let 's begin . The fifth Nodos and the Tribe of Iron ... About their existence and we ourselves ... From representatives of the Orion Star System , the Council of the Colonis Star System , the Logistic Mission Council ... And that 's just the beginning . They 're the symbols of friendship sent to you by many representatives of many planets , Dhianeila-sama . There are so many of them ... Besides flowers and jewelry , we have small-sized boats and supplies stacked up on the dock as well . It goes to show that even the behind-the-lines star systems have responded to your initiative , Dhianeila-sama . Please send my sincere thanks to everyone . I 'm going to give the goods that I 've received to the soldiers as rewards for their hard work . She should just keep them for herself ... I suppose this shows just how high expectations are for this war . You 're mistaken , Princess . I think it is you that everyone has high expectations of . You discovered a path in a place with no starway and succeeded in the Nodos search- - Please don 't push yourself any harder than you already have , Dhianeila-sama . This is something else ! The relay is so clear I can 't believe it 's a secret line hidden in the fleet 's I.D. signals . It 's all thanks to my right hand , the main A.I. of the Argonaut , Bee no Bee . So , about the plan for the fleet reorganization ... I 've already sent you the data . That 's what I 'm talking about ! I 'm itching to seize authority from those brothers as soon as possible , but I learned at Huelgoat that I 'm not cut out for that . I 'd like to see your princess stand up for it . The calls for her to do so are getting louder every day . However , the princess is still young . And she 's been trying to suppress her quality as a leader and present her brothers in a good light . You can 't afford to sit back and wait for her to wake up . We 'll have everything ready just in case . By the way , how 's our wayward Mr. Hero ? " P-a-i-n-t , " he says . Enemies destroyed . Zero remaining . All units , return to the Argonaut . Everyone 's response speed is dropping ! Feeling listless because you 've been away from the real battles ? Be sure to fix that problem before the next training session ! Understood ? Yes , sir ! You 're always pretty strict , huh ? It 's to keep their fighting spirits high . Even though the Argonaut 's been assigned to rear support ? Why don 't you relax a little ? Age kept on fighting at the very rear . He doesn 't even think about distinguishing himself in battle . That 's exactly why he was able to keep on fighting for hundreds of hours all alone . Are you trying to compete against the Nodos ? The Nodos ? No . Against Age ! The way he fought is deeply engraved in the heart of every single member of the knight unit ! I 'm sure it 's not a big deal to you , though . No , it 's not like that at all . Let me stop interrupting your work . Thanks for this . You 're welcome . I thought it 'd be a more cheerful looking picture , but it looks so creepy ... What did he draw exactly ? It 's what Age heard from Dad and the others . " Dad and the others " ? Dhianeila calls them the Tribe of Gold . What ... Tribe of ... Gold ... A star ? Oh , I get it ! He must 've drawn the end of the Tribe of Silver ! I see ! I guess that 's the destruction and despair the Tribe of Silver is about to face , huh ? We can use this , Big Brother . What do you mean ? This proves that the Tribe of Gold predicted our victory ! We should definitely use this picture for PR ! Hmm . After seeing this picture , everyone 's going to see we 've been promised the future and be eager to give a helping hand , huh ? We want you to keep on drawing ! We should consider donating the pictures to each colonial planet in the name of the Yunos Royal Family , too ! - -Nilval , we put you in charge of his pictures . - -Yes , sir . I don 't care how many materials you request for him . So that 's how it is , I 'm in charge of pictures now ? Putting their random interpretations aside , what exactly are you drawing ? The future . Whose ? The place Age is heading . Then , what 's that light ? Dhianeila . Because Dhianeila is the light that finds everyone 's path , even in the dark sky . Did you leave the Argonaut in order to protect this light that 's shining in the midst of destruction ? It 's dangerous to be with Age . When is this light going to lead us ? - -When the planet dies . - -What ? The important planet will die and Dhianeila will get really sad . What 's the name of the planet ? Dunno . The Tribe of Iron and us will be able to coexist . No . They 're unstable beings controlled by emotions . We 'll have to destroy them before they bring harm to this universe . And to do that , we will send off multiple Nodos . It would bring chaos if more than one Nodos were to fight at the same time . The chaos of Nodos is destruction indeed . The fight against the fifth Nodos is in the agreements , established by our father , in the Tribe of Gold . It 's unavoidable . What if we lose our Nodos ? We 'll leave Yuty . It is also mentioned in the agreements that the other Nodos shall protect Yuty , who 's a member of the Tribe of Silver . I agree to destroy the Tribe of Iron . We will send off multiple Nodos and hope to settle the matter . Phaetho , I sense that you 're disturbed . I 've eliminated lowly emotions . We must make flowers bloom on Age 's home planet of Olone , too , one day . Dhianeila-sama ? I feel it ... The fighting spirits of the fleet rising ... That means ... The battle has begun . All fleets , fire the main cannons ! Stay close together and focus the firepower on the enemy 's advance force ! Cease fire ! Look at that . Belcross ... So he 's started moving . It 's begun . Do you think more than one of us will end up going to fight against him ? If more than two members of the Tribe of Hero fought , it could cause madness . And if that were to happen , it would lead to unthinkable destruction . Because of that , the Tribe of Silver hasn 't been able to make a decision yet . I 'm willing to face the madness if that 's what we need to do to defeat the fifth one . After all , that is the agreement which was given to me . But if you do that , many planets will die . I want you to destroy Lernaea and me before that happens . But we don 't want to do that ... That 's the battle footage from three days ago . So the officials put together this video to show off the brilliant results of the battle , huh ? Obviously they 're retaining military strength by using Age as a shield . I knew this was going to happen , but ... Attention all forces ! We , the Calydonian Fleet , just reached the solar system ! The planet of the ancient god , Jupiter ... Finally , we have returned ! To the solar system , the home of all humankind ! Many enemy ant heaps approaching ! It 's huge ... That 's the biggest one so far . Both its offensive and defensive power are unknown ! Those little worms ! We won 't let them do whatever they want in our home ! Big Brother , order my Quental Unit to move out ! There 's no need for that . We 'll let our Mr. Savior handle them . But , Big Brother ! It 'll damage the Yunos family 's reputation if we just sit around and do nothing ! Atalantes , do you know what 's missing from the Yunos family ? Huh ? The Yunos family has fortune and fame , but something 's missing a legend ! If we manage to win this holy war without shedding a single drop of blood , we will surely go down in history as the family that was chosen by the Tribe of Gold ! It 's a legend that shows the Yunos family is the leading power of the entire universe ! The Nodos is nothing but a tool for that ! How brilliant ! Ridiculous ... Age ... We have made a decision . They made the decision . More than one of you will go . I 'll go . Lecty . I 'm going , too . Why ? All three of you go . Karkinos and Lecty will fight him . If that 's not good enough , Mehitak will join you . Don 't worry . I 'll stop whoever goes mad . Although I have known you for a long time I never dreamed these feelings would sprout And I would fall in love with you Casually going home , as I look at the stars in the night sky I take the long way on purpose and lean on your shoulder as we walk You tell me you think we can overcome anything as long as we stay together I think as I look into your forthright eyes That I love you Their foolish behavior enrages the stars . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 12 : " The Torch of Destruction . "
