 Far , far away , in a distant time . In the outer space of this universe there were people who called themselves " the Tribe of Gold . " They , who created planets and had the power to foresee the future , called out to the still-primitive other tribes . " Come forth , " they said . " From the planets you were born on , out into space . " Three tribes responded to their call . The Tribe of Gold called them ... the Tribe of Silver , the Tribe of Bronze , and the Tribe of Hero . Before long , when the Tribe of Gold decided to leave this universe for another universe , a tribe that newly answered their call emerged . The fourth tribe that came out into space on its own power- - Humankind . The Tribe of Gold named them the Tribe of Iron . I feel it ... I feel it for sure ... It 's ahead . Dhianeila-sama . I feel it . Our destination is growing near . Then ... Please prepare for the declaration , Aneasha . It 's already been two cycles since we got off the starway . It feels like I 've been wandering in circles . The Argonaut is cruising with - 0.3 points margin of error , Master . I 'm just talking about how I feel , Bee no Bee . There 's no way we 'd be wandering around with no supplies . Captain Mobeedo , the Food Division has released the self-supply ratio for this cycle . The Health and Labor Division has submitted the joule estimation for this cycle . The Bridge Committee should deliberate all items within 20 hours . The Bridge Committee has voted to request a day off . They can go to sleep after the budget deliberation , those morons ! What if the deliberations fell behind schedule and there was a food riot or something ? This ship would turn into a ghost ship before you know it ! Our current food stockpile is at more than 15 % , Master . That 's not enough ! We are unable to return to the starway and we don 't even have a clear view of our destination ! Finding a lost ship from 60 cycles ago is an extremely reckless act . But my programming to ensure humankind 's right to existence indicates this is absolutely imperative , Master . This only means that we 've been forced to draw the short straw in a battle situation that 's become so bad we have no choice but to rely on the legend . I would do anything to secure the throne for the princess , if only she were willing ... You have a transmission from Dhianeila-sama . She said to come to the briefing room immediately . Bee no Bee , what 's the probability that the princess wants to go home ? A figure virtually identical to zero , Master . Is that so ... So you have finally found the planet ? Yes , Iolaous . Stop right there . Men can 't get any closer to her , Iolaous . Congratulations , Dhianeila-sama . We 're currently searching in the direction suggested by the princess . Bee . The analysis on the Atlas waveform is completed . I 'll now project the image . Is that a ... planet ? To think it really exists in a space where there 's not even a starway ... That is the ruined planet , Olone . The planet which holds the man who will be our savior . Thank you for the food ! Age is back , Mom ! Return of crew member confirmed . Approving onboard activity according to Code 04 . Check this out , Mom . Age has a Fuuto leg ! The order requested is invalid . Please repeat it carefully . It 's a big leg . If Age eats it a little bit at a time , it 'll last until the next time the clouds come , for sure . It 's ready , Mom . Operation order accepted . Beginning processing the materials . It tastes good , Mom . The code is invalid . We 've had no rain , even when the clouds come lately . The code is invalid . The sun must 've eaten too many clouds , that 's the problem . When Age eats too many of Fuuto 's legs , they don 't come back out for a while . Do you think so , too , Mom ? The question is invalid . Please repeat it carefully . Better thank Fuuto . Thank you for growing big . Thank you for letting Age eat you all the time , Fuuto ! Aligning with the orbit of the planet . I know it was expected , but to think the princess would go down to the planet herself ... The preparations for all the Organ units that are scheduled to descend have been completed . If anything happens , be sure you bring the princess back safely , Iolaous . I know , Father . The princess is now going to descend ! Everyone , be sure to live up to the reputation of the Yunos Knights ! Course clear . Bay opening . Basilis , taking off . Releasing the mooring clamp . You 're cleared for takeoff . Engine ignition . Take off . Basilis separated from the main ship . Course clear . Maybe that 's the people Dad and the others were talking about ... If so , Age will have to say good-bye to you , Fuuto . Are these meteorite craters ? On a planet that 's been ruined to this extent ... can people really survive ? Even we could survive in this atmosphere . The solar radiation here is within acceptable levels , though just barely . I feel a presence of some sort . Dhianeila-sama has designated the route ! All descending forces , change course ! The person is here . The Tribe of Gold- - the wisest of all in this universe ... And he 's the only human raised by them ... Is that some kind of signal ? A ship ? There 's no doubt about it . The SOS code that 's more than 120 years old ... No sign of life or movement detected , huh ? Iolaous , the Lotus Unit will go ahead and begin the investigation . Will they be okay ? Just in case , I 'll send Tail and Mail as well . Roger that . I 'll be on patrol . Did they actually try to plant trees here ? It 's pointless to do that in the desert . You think there 's something here , Mail ? The princess says there is , Tail . Intruders detected . Restricting activities according to Code 03 . It 's still operational . Let 's fix it up a little . I see the ship 's record . I 'll send it to the Argonaut . What , Tail ? What , Mail ? You just poked me , didn 't you ? No , I didn 't do anything . I 've detected many objects approaching along the Argonaut 's course ! Hurry up and put them on the screen ! The Tribe of Bronze ? S-Stay back ! Stop ! Why ? A human ? Something is preventing us from getting a readout . Is he protected by something ? I don 't sense any hostility from him . I will talk to him . Princess ! We apologize for our sudden intrusion . We didn 't come here to seize your home by any means . We are humankind . The ones the Tribe of Gold named " Tribe of Iron . " With the aid of the message given to us by the Tribe of Gold , we have traveled here , hoping to find the great being . Please tell me , where can I find the great being who possesses the Tribe of Hero within ? A-g-e . What ? Nice to meet you , humankind ! He talked ! Enemy is coming , Iolaous ! - -Raising the top deck . - -All personnel to emergency battle stations ! The top deck will be repositioned to the battle bridge ! Section managers , prepare to transfer the floor plates ! Linkage of the plates completed . Floor plate , ascending to the isolated area on the rooftop . Floor plate , reposition completed . Closing the isolating partitions on the rooftop . Closing the tactics floor . Executing emergency control system . Scatter oboronas ! Ready to fire the main batteries on the port side ! A Hedron shield ? Switch to rapid fire ! 5th and 6th Organ Units , ready to move out ! Form a defensive line on the Argonaut 's orbit track ! They 're coming ! Hurry ! This way ! Closing the hatch . Take off immediately ! We can 't ! We can 't leave him ! They 're here . That 's a reconnaissance ant ! You two , come with me ! We 're going to move ! It sent out a signal ! Mom ! Run ! Strike the ones with teleporting abilities first ! They 're going to cover the sky ! The airspace is blocked ! Advance toward two o 'clock ! Mom ! Dhianeila-sama ? He is ... How could they have come between the princess 's ships ? Go as low as possible and rescue the princess ! An enormous object is approaching rapidly ! The entire ant heap is coming at us ! Get the princess quick ! They 'll eat us alive , along with the Argonaut ! Take Dhianeila-sama to the escape pod . I 'll take her back to the Argonaut . Dhianeila-sama , you must get out of here now . I feel it . Dhianeila-sama ! The great being ... What is that ? Withdraw at full speed ! Disengage alignment with the planet ! A large amount of energy was detected coming from the surface of the planet ! It 's broken through the atmosphere ! Wha- - ? ! All the ants are running away ... What 's that ? The last Nodos ... The lone human who possesses the Tribe of Hero within ... Although I have known you for a long time I never dreamed these feelings would sprout And I would fall in love with you Casually going home , as I look at the stars in the night sky I take the long way on purpose and lean on your shoulder as we walk You tell me you think we can overcome anything as long as we stay together I think as I look into your forthright eyes That I love you The person that we encountered with the aid of the stars was ... Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 2 : " The Forgotten Child . "
