 Don 't tell me this is- - Madness ... Is he going to destroy him along with the planet ? I have to do it ... I have to ! Age wouldn 't choose any individual ... He just dedicates his heart to us all ... We must save Age . Over and over again I wish on the dazzling star far away Wandering heartbeats , gravitation , the story of their attraction When did it begin ? No one knows the end of it It 's not a trick or an illusion , it 's a current that I can 't swim against ( Dark ! ) The monster that lives in the darkness ( Blight ! ) As if I were easily getting swallowed into it I awake as I truly am If God says conflicts and life 's old dreams go hand in hand I 'm looking for you even if it means ripping my body apart With a flower held to my heart , no one can stop this heartbeat now that it 's begun We 're destined to come in contact There 's no way to stop a Nodos that 's gone mad . He will keep on raging until he destroys himself . We should withdraw and let our Nodos handle the rest . We must not withdraw . If we don 't destroy him , we will be destroyed . We 'll use everything we 've got in this area to support our Nodos ! Hold out , men ! Reinforcements will come ! The destruction of Jupiter is still in progress . I don 't think a starway with such major distortions will be fixed any time soon . But they 're still coming . That 's the kind of ship the Argonaut is . Several new ships picked up on radar . They 're requesting to join us . Let them follow the orbit for our fleets , and we will join them on the ship 's scheduled course . Try to locate as many missing ships as possible and inform them of the fleet reorganization ! E-Emergency warning ! I 'm picking up deadly levels of radiation and an energy that far exceeds what our ship can withstand ! Our A.I. system has declared it a sign of a large star going supernova ! It 's warning us that the explosion will reach the critical level within a few dozen hours ! No way has a star around here just happened to reach the end of its lifespan ! Identify its source and examine the size of damage ! Judging from the data of the past two hundred hours , the source can 't be anything other than our Nodos ! According to the predicted data for one hundred hours from now , the solar system will be obliterated by the exponential increase in energy ! Obliterated ... ? The numbers are impossible ! Switch to different measurement functions ! Th-That was the number calculated by all the measurement functions on this ship ! Try again ! Try to calculate it again ! Within one hundred hours we 'll be gone , and the whole solar system with us ? There 's no way we can escape from this planetary system in such a short time ! Are you sure this isn 't some kind of mistake ? I recalculated , but with no difference in the result ... Our A.I. system is still giving the same warning . According to the legend , only the Tribe of Gold was able to stop the Tribe of Hero from fighting . Now this finally explains exactly what that meant . Is this what 's become of the hope we once had ? Contact the Argonaut at once . Gravitational disturbance due to a warp-out detected ! Many fleets are arriving at our current location ! They are here ... It 's unbelievable that they managed to perform the warp navigation so precisely from a distorted starway into the area of such a confused fight . That ship holds the best guide humankind has to offer and a host of people who can answer her call . And here I am , making them helplessly jump into destruction ... Even tearing myself apart wouldn 't make up for this ... Contact the Argonaut . I 'm going to personally send my apology to Princess Dhianeila . There 's no need for that . You have done a great job under extremely risky and chaotic circumstances , Lieutenant General Nilval . Princess Dhianeila ... There are still many isolated ones out there . Let me tell you their locations from what I 've sensed so far . Through the psycholine we 've received the locations of all the missing ships ! Princess ... We 're already ... No . There 's still a way . The Tribe of Hero once caused massive destruction . At the peril of my own life , I will calm their raging minds . However , we can 't make it on time while leading the fleet , so only the Argonaut will go . Therefore , I will have to ask you to save even more of your surviving comrades and continue to fight even more difficult battles . There can be no path more difficult than the one you must proceed on . I , Nilval Nephew , and every officer and soldier under me , will follow you , even if we have to smash our bodies to pieces . Thank you . May the guidance of stars be with you all . Incoming communication signal from the Argonaut . Put it through . There you have it , Nilval . I know you got here first , but we 're going on ahead of you . The princess said that we would provoke our enemies less , and prevent the Earth from becoming a battlefield . We 'll focus all our energy on the warp . I 'd like to ask you to act as our shield until we take off Surround the Argonaut with this ship and the following fleets ! You bastard ... What 's with that grin on your face when you have no aid and your greatest threat is the hero you 're supposed to be able to rely on ? This is the best moment of my life . I 'm already used to being isolated and unaided . Besides , there 's no one on this ship who 's afraid of our Mr. Hero . Energy charge complete ! Astral sign specified . Link established . Well then , I 'll see you on Earth , Nilval . Beginning the warp setting with the acquired horoscopes . Terminating the normal functions . Bringing down all the sails . Activating the dimension ripper ! Warp in ! Belcross has gone mad . Artemia ... Is Mehitak fighting ? Lernaea is moving ... Are you going to fight without waiting to regenerate , Karkinos ? It 's pathetic , Lecty . We don 't want raging Nodos . All three of you must eliminate the fifth one immediately . Don 't let him destroy any more planets . If all of us fight , there 's a possibility that we 'll lead each other to madness . And when that happens , the first one to go down will probably be Karkinos , not the fifth one . What did you say ? In the agreement he 's in , there 's a clause which means death . If the Tribe of Gold foresaw the future ... The Tribe of Gold only indicated the number of the agreements . That doesn 't mean they predicted the future . They may have known what the Tribe of Silver would want . Karkinos ' Lernaea is capable of regenerating any wounded tissue , making it the furthest being from death . And that is exactly why they gave him such an agreement . In order to subjugate him to the Tribe of Silver for eternity . Then , what if all four of us go mad ? Don 't worry . I will stop you all . If that 's the will of the Tribe of Silver , I have no choice but to follow the agreement . If all four of them go mad , I want you to eliminate them all . Don 't let your emotions control you just like those lowly tribes . Emotions ? No way ... This will be dangerous if it goes on . As we thought , we 're not capable of stopping the madness of the Nodos . It 's just the Tribe of Iron ! Let us withdraw . Each of you , now is the time to live up to the name of the Yunos Imperial Knight Unit ! Until the princess brings Age back to normal , we 'll do whatever it takes to suppress this monster ! What are you doing ? It 's just the Tribe of Iron . Don 't let them interfere with Karkinos ! Jump to the past with the power of your Erymanthos and go crush that ship , Lecty . That 's right ... I did just that . Erymanthos jumped to the past and destroyed the ship as soon as it appeared . As a result , the madness of the fifth one suddenly increased ... Then Karkinos died , Mehitak died and I also ... And at the end only the fifth one survived . I went back to the past again to correct my action and saved the ship . We shouldn 't destroy the ship . If we did , his madness would become even more terrifying . Only the ones on that ship can stop him . Age ! Why ? You knew about it ... That 's why ... all by yourself ... I 'm sorry ... I 'm sorry , Age ... I 'm sorry for letting you be alone ... I 'm sorry for always expecting your Belcross to fight ... When that 's not what you two desire at all ! I 'm sorry ! Age ... Age ! Mehitak was defeated . If he 's still alive , bring him back with you . We 'll get him without driving him into madness next time . Mehitak ... It disappeared ? Did Mehitak stop his madness ? I 'm going back to Rom Ror 's planet with you . How about Mehitak ? Mehitak was waiting for a long time . He was waiting for the being that would defeat him and his Artemia . So he shouldn 't have to fight anymore . Let 's go . There still are agreements that we must fulfill . I didn 't realize until I met you That I was this strong . I have found something that I want to protect And you 're the one who 's shown me what it is Just being with you makes even my ordinary days shine brightly Your voice and smile , I want to protect them forever It was dark , but I saw a light . And the light was you . Age ! I think as I look into your forthright eyes That I love you On nights we can 't see each other because we 're far apart I look at the stars in the sky I want to believe passionately in the feelings that I have for you and continue to protect them For me , it 's you who are the light . Age ... Further resolve is required in order to carve his own destiny . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 16 : " Beyond Several Rules . "
