 My energy ... Erymanthos ' energy from 20,000 jumps will gather in one place . All the energy will flow into whichever one of us gives up first . Lecty ! Run ! I said , run ! Mehitak ! Karkinos ! Age ... Tooku kirameku hoshi ni ikudo mo watashi wa negau Samayoeru kodou gravitation hikareau story Hajimari wa itsukara owari wa nanbito shirazu Mayakashi demo maboroshi demo naku sakaraenu nagare ( Kurai ) Yami ni sumishi mamono ( Blight ) Tayasuku nomikomareru youni watashi wa ( Eiyuu wo motomu ) Mezame arugamama Arishi yume ni arasoi wa tsukimono to kami ga iunara Kono mi kirisaite demo looking for Hana wo mune ni ugokidashita kodou wa dare nimo can 't stop Fureau ga sadame What is this ? What 's the matter , Dhianeila-sama ? Age ... Lecty . Lecty ! Lecty ! Belcross . We have almost reached humanity 's homeland , our mother planet ! We have no choice but to move forward in order to reclaim it ! All of you , there 's nothing for us to be afraid of any longer ! Look ! That red planet of war is now watching over our holy war ! It 'll surely boost our soldiers ' morale ! Atalantes , give them their orders for this operation . Attention all fleets ! We can assume that the enemy will rally on the starway . Advance fleets , maintain your current speed . Rear fleets , deploy around the flagship . Get to your battle stations immediately ! Because of the massive energy that was released in the area with Nodos , the previously-stable starway is being distorted . No matter how you look at it this is an emergency situation , but those damn monkeys are planning to charge with no plan whatsoever . Should we take action ? Not yet . Investigate the reason for that abnormal change for now . Unless we have a strategy , we won 't be able to survive , even if we do seize authority . Here it comes . What do we do about the Nodos ? We 'll deal with the Tribe of Iron first . It can 't be ... Why ? Why don 't you resist , Karkinos ? Don 't tell me this is- - Madness ... Karkinos must be trying not to get caught up in his madness- - I must ... I must go and stop him ! We still have one unwounded Nodos . There 's no way Mehitak can stop him , Rom Ror ! I can 't believe it ... To think I can 't find you ... Age ... The Tribe of Iron 's Nodos has gone mad . This place is going to be in danger , too . We must not let the Tribe of Iron advance . They will destroy planets . Their existence puts this universe in danger . What are you afraid of ? Break through it head-on ! There 's no such word as " retreat " in the Yunos royal family 's vocabulary ! Don 't pull back ! You must not pull back ! That 's insane . They started the battle without even waiting for the rescue units ? It was probably decided on Meleagros ' own authority . Age is fighting against the enemy Nodos , but it sounds like they 've left him behind the fleet now . Can they be any more reckless ? Why do they fight so haphazardly ? At this rate , even the Earth will turn into a battleground ... Dhianeila-sama , you have already done enough for your brothers . Aneasha ? Forgive me for being rude , but I must tell you this . I can 't imagine following Meleagros-sama and Atalantes-sama is what you really want to do right now . I know that . I can no longer support my brothers , who have destroyed the planet of an ancient god , and are on the verge of turning even our homeland into a battlefield , but ... But if you stand up against them , it could bring chaos to the Council , after it 's finally banded together ? Yes , Aneasha . Your role ended when you brought the last Nodos to the humans . All there is for you now is to see how things develop . No , that 's not true at all ! Because there 's no guarantee that the last Nodos is going to be on your side . Age has chosen my brothers . That was the decision he made in order to protect you , Dhianeila-sama . Do you think so ? All of a sudden , I stopped sensing Age 's presence . Maybe he 's rejected me . From now on , many stars will be wiped out and many paths will disappear . But you can find the paths for many people , Dhianeila . I don 't even know how I should find my own path ... Just follow your heart . That 's all we ask of you . I 'm sure that 's what Age wants , too . Where are the rear units ? Make the rear units charge ahead ! The enemy force has reached them already , Your Highness ! Th-Then send all the remaining fleets ! Big Brother . Don 't get scared ! Charge ahead ! - -Big Brother ! - -What ? ! Phobos has become the Tribe of Bronze 's nest . If we attack it ... I know that ! Ready the main cannon ! I 'm picking up an energy reading in direction 439 ! - -Its numbers are extremely high ! - -What ? Dhianeila-sama ? I just sensed Age 's presence . What 's the matter ? It 's so terrifying ... Th-That 's our Nodos ! Did he defeat the enemy Nodos ? There 's been a change in the satellite 's orbit due to the impact ! It 's going to crash into Mars ! Whoa ... What amazing power ! Is he going to destroy him along with the planet ? Karkinos ... It 's going to be way over the shield 's durability limit ! Your Highness , please order all the ships to withdraw immediately ! What are you talking about ? Our Nodos just destroyed the enemy 's nest ! Come on , keep going ! Keep going alongside our Nodos ! If we keep going , this ship will be destroyed by the effects of the Nodos ' power ! D-Don 't be ridiculous ! Is that ... madness ? This place is dangerous . We won 't be able to stop it . That foolish sensation again ... We 'll withdraw for now . That Nodos will destroy the Tribe of Iron for us . Mehitak ! What are you doing ? I have to do it ... I have to ! Artemia ! Our advance guard has sustained damage due to the high energy ! Wh-What 's happening to you , our Nodos ? At this rate , it 's going to hit us directly ! H-H-Hurry up and get us out of here ! We 're not going to make it ! Wh-What happened ? A-A Nodos , Your Majesty ! There 's another Nodos ! That 's the same monster that destroyed the planet Huelgoat ! For us to be saved by the enemy Nodos ... I wonder exactly what happened . How could I know that ? Just send all the information to the Argonaut ! Yes , ma 'am . Cripes ... At this rate , even if I seize authority from them , there won 't be any options left to us . Dhianeila-sama ? I was wrong , Aneasha . Age wouldn 't choose any individual ... He just dedicates his heart to us all ... We must save Age . This is the latest information from Nilval . Does this mean that our Nodos is going crazy on everyone , regardless of which side they belong to ? There 's more than fifty hours of lag time before we receive the information from her . I wouldn 't be surprised if her fleet has already been destroyed along with Mars . Why don 't you have faith in Age ? He 's never even once attacked us before ! What if it 's not Age , but the true nature of the Hero within him ? At this rate , there 's a possibility that the Earth will be destroyed by the Nodos . The hero of destruction , eh ? No . Princess ! She came in person again ... Dhianeila-sama . I 'll be fine . He 's the hope of humankind . No matter what happens , you should never doubt him . B-But- - I will lead him , so that he won 't become the hero of destruction . Princess ... So that means ... Will you come with me ? All of us have pledged our undying loyalty to you . Please , give us your orders . We 've been waiting so long for this moment , Princess . Three hundred hours have passed since Mars turned into a battlefield . Mars escaped total destruction thanks to the appearance of the enemy Nodos . However , half of the fleet has been damaged and we can 't confirm the condition of the rest of the fleet . This ship is currently fighting back separately from our allies , while being pulled by the gravity of the starway . Most likely the fleet will be completely destroyed in less than a hundred hours . It 's all due to the incompetence of the executive commander , and the fact that I missed the chance to seize command . In the name of Lieutenant General Nilval Nephew , I counsel you to let the Argonaut be the flagship of the remaining fleets in the rear , and also to place Captain Mobeedo of the Argonaut in command . You got it ! Is that supposed to be your will , Nilval ? Mobeedo ! You 'll regret it if you die now . The time has come . Our princess finally stood up ! So that means- - Your plan to reorganize the fleets has been accepted . Not only that , far more of them than we expected are assembling under the control of the princess right now . Planets Colonis and Orion are also following the princess ' orders . Be happy , Nilval . No matter where you look , you 'll never find reinforcements with morale this high ! We should be able to rendezvous with you in twenty hours . Until then , do whatever you have to do to stay alive ! So , it 's finally awoken ... Our star ... Our homeland is right in front of us ! So keep moving forward ! The Earth is ours ! Glory to my name ! Wh-What is this about ? If only you 'd had better judgment than a heap of stardust , we wouldn 't have had to take this much damage . Nilval ! If you don 't want to disgrace your names any more than you already have , please do not resist . Th-This is a rebellion against the Council ! No , it 's not . I only conveyed the message to you on behalf of the Yunos royal family . Dhianeila ! My brothers , please try to understand my predicament . How dare you ! You must not bring disgrace to our royal family 's name any more than you already have . We destroyed the planet of an ancient god , drained the corps , and cruelly used the Nodos in fights for the sake of humanity . How could we tell the people about this battle without shame ? How dare you speak of my victory in such an insulting manner ? The Council is also suffering tremendous shock over the damage caused by this incident . As soon as this message reaches you , the Humanity Federation 's Calydonian Fleet will be under my command . As my first item of business , I order both of you to consign authority to Lieutenant General Nilval right away . Please follow the order , Your Highness . Begin acquiring horoscopes . All sails are on the route-sensing mode . This journey shall be the maiden voyage of the Argonaut ! Actually , this is the 87th voyage , Master . It 's just a figure of speech , Bee . This is a journey led by a maiden who 's graceful , yet strong . My heart is pounding harder for this journey than any other before it . Now , Argonaut , set sail ! Age ! Zutto mae kara kimi no koto shitteita kedo Konna kimochi mebaeru nante omowanakatta Masaka kimi ni koi suru nante Nanige nai kaerimichi yozora no hoshi wo miage nagara Wazato toomawari shite kimi no kata ni motarete aruku Futari de ireba donna kotodemo norikoeraresou to iu kimi no Massugu na me wo mitsumete omou Kimi wo aishiteru Shattering hopes and the despair of humanity . Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 15 : " When the Light Rains Down . "
