 Elysium ... Tooku kirameku hoshi ni ikudo mo watashi wa negau Samayoeru kodou gravitation hikareau story Hajimari wa itsukara owari wa nanbito shirazu Mayakashi demo maboroshi demo naku sakaraenu nagare ( Kurai ) Yami ni sumishi mamono ( Blight ) Tayasuku nomikomareru youni watashi wa ( Eiyuu wo motomu ) Mezame arugamama Arishi yume ni arasoi wa tsukimono to kami ga iunara Kono mi kirisaite demo looking for Hana wo mune ni ugokidashita kodou wa dare nimo can 't stop Fureau ga sadame He was still alive ? It 's merely the Tribe of Iron ! Where did they go ? See ? We got out ! Let ... Let me rest for a second ! Y-You bastards ! A Tribe of Silver ship ... Did we get out of that nothingness ? The path to Elysium has been indicated . We 'll head to that planet in this ship while we regain our strength . A-Are you going to betray us ? You have it wrong , Phaetho O. We haven 't done anything to breach the agreements . The majority of the Tribe of Silver agreed with Prome-sama . The ones who continue to resist are people like you and Rom Ror . Rom Ror will make Yuty destroy the planet once he realizes that he won 't get the power . That is the last agreement Yuty has . And to protect the power that lies in that planet is the agreement that I have , as well as my mission . Elysium . The path has been discovered . You should listen to them . Go . Not only for you and your tribe , but for all the tribes in this universe . Or would you rather challenge all of us here instead ? Rom Ror and his Nodos will destroy all of you bastards ! Stars , be their guide . Elysium ... It 's nothing but an illusion . The Tribe of Gold didn 't leave a thing for us , the Tribe of Silver . Now it 's come to this , there 's no need to even leave a memory that the tribe ever existed . Erase me ... I won 't forgive you ... Erase me ... Kervius ... Please erase me ... . It 's getting closer ... It 's over there ... What 's the situation ? Repairs are expected to take at least eighty hours , Master . And we can 't warp until the repair is done , huh ? No , Master . We did make a cease-fire with the Tribe of Silver , but there 's no guarantee that dissidents won 't come after us . We 'll do everything we can to keep on heading towards the coordinates indicated by the princess . We 're detecting a field that 's similar to a magnetic storm . It 's expected to be an obstacle on our course . No alternate route , huh ? That 's nothing we can 't burst through . Charge at full speed ! Maintain the shield ! This is ... Our speed is deteriorating rapidly ! The navigation is being hampered by an unknown force ! It 's not just a magnetic storm ? A part of the magnetic storm has gone through the shield and is aggravating the damage on the ship ! We 're unable to stop it ! It 's testing us ... The interior of the ship has been damaged ! At this rate , the ship will be disabled ! The unknown field has gotten even more powerful ! It 'll reach the shield 's endurance limit in seven hundred seconds ! I guess we have no choice but to turn around for now and repair the ship . No , Captain . Princess ! Receiving data though the psycholine . Projecting the analysis results . What ? That 's not the ship course ? What the ... Delphi has approved unlocking the frame . Y-You 're ordering us to deploy the main cannon of the Argonaut ? C-Captain ? That wasn 't me ! Princess , what are you trying to do ? They 're testing us . They 're trying to see if we can open up the path ahead on our own . I can 't guarantee you how this is going to turn out . Please believe in me for now . She makes decisions more right and more fearsome than any saint or dictator . Maintain the navigation and the shield ! We will launch the main cannon of the Argonaut toward the point indicated by the princess ! C-Captain ? ! Are you asking us to deploy the shield , open up the ship , take aim , contain the recoil , and control the power usage all at one time ? Forget about maintaining our course , one mistake will tear the whole ship apart ! Has the princess ever asked us to do the impossible even once before ? ! Right now she 's asking us to use something that she 's always refused to let us use before . Don 't you think this is the time for us to rise to the occasion with all we 've got ? ! Confining the shield to the center . Preparing to open the ship . Synchronizing all power and navigation controls with the alignment of the main cannon . We 'll give top priority to the hull opening and proceed according to the simulations . Position all the functioning Organ units near the parts which are expected to receive damage . We 're about to find out the true worth of this journey . Begin opening the outer hull plates ! Unlocking the broadside lock ! Beginning the first phase of the deployment ! Outer hull unlocked on both sides . Moving on to the second phase of the deployment . Unlocking the median axis line ! The outer hull plates and sails on both sides are now fully open . Notice from the bridge . All units deploy your shields ! No ! You can 't break on me ! This is not going to work ! Princess ! Retracting the protective walls in the bow and exposing the muzzle . All locks have been checked . The outer hull plates are open ! - -The communications system is down . - -Route optimizer is down . - -The communications system is down . - -Route optimizer is down . - -Switching to the backup system . - -Requesting permission to use the restricted circuit ! - -Switching to the backup system . We 've finished deploying the main cannon . Maintaining the margin of error for the alignment within minus two hundred points . We 've got a problem with the gravity controls ! It looks like we 're going to lose the thrusters ! It can only maintain the launching posture for sixty seconds ! Hurry up and aim ! Connecting the firing circuit ! Activating all accelerators ! I can feel the vibration even in this room . Try to concentrate more energy on Dhianeila-sama ! At this rate her physical response levels will become abnormal ! Even if all of us collapse here , helping you carry out your mission is the Lotus unit 's ... it 's my mission , Dhianeila-sama ! Target is locked on . Releasing the trigger lock . Handprint recognized . Releasing lock . Approving the final code of the star blaster . Energy levels rising . Approximately fifty seconds left until launch criticality . All accelerators functioning normally . Ten seconds till criticality . Nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one , zero ! The main cannon is ready to launch ! Main cannon , fire ! The main cannon was fired as aimed . Status of recoil control and condition of the shield unknown ! The front thruster has been damaged . The reserve pressure is gone . We 're going to recover the navigation monitoring function using the backup circuit . What 's this ... ? The pressure outside the ship is dropping rapidly ! We 're navigating on the scheduled course within a margin of error of minus .02 points . What is the meaning of this ? The ship is moving by itself ? We have detected a rapid change in the unknown field . It seems to be something that 's equivalent to gravitational pull . A path of stars ? A starway was born . Elysium . So this is the mother planet of the Tribe of Gold . It 's beautiful . A Hedron shield ... The Tribe of Silver is here ? No , that 's probably the original . The origin of the technology that the Tribe of Gold shared with the Tribe of Silver . It is welcoming us . Please prepare to descend , Captain . That 's dangerous ! But I assume you 'll still go down there on your own no matter what I tell you ... Please wait a moment . I 'll reorganize the Organ unit for you right away . Thank you very much , Captain . Dhianeila-sama . Thank you . I 'd never have been able to find the path or reach here if I didn 't have your support . Let 's go . Allow me to accompany you till the very end . Yes . Operational efficiency is down by half . Navigational error correction will be disrupted until the front thruster is repaired . Due to supply shortages , half of the 247 damaged blocks are unable to recover . Multiple areas of damage detected in the defense functions on both sides of the ship . Due to energy consumption , our counterattack capability has fallen below the standard level . But look at this . It didn 't tear this ship apart . I thank everyone 's exceptional operation skills . Would you like to send the SOS signal ? It 's too early to call this a ghost ship . It 'll only end up luring the enemy . Do not send the signal until the last minute . Start repairs beginning with the parts that are necessary for navigation . They say that the descending unit Basilis is ready to go , Master . The princess is finally going to enter the territory of the gods . Deploy as many Organ units as you have available and be sure to protect her ! - -The course is clear . Open the bay . - -Basilis is ready to move out . We don 't know how the Hedron shield guarding the planet will react to this . Be sure to stay alert , Iolaous . Roger . Ignite the engine . Move out ! All descending units , change course . The temperature and composition of the atmosphere are changing rapidly . Th-That 's the optimum composition for us to survive . Let 's go . You don 't need to wear a suit . Let 's accept the welcome from this planet . Everyone just wait here . Dhianeila-sama ! Take us at least ! It 's dangerous ! There 's no need to worry . I just want to feel the thoughts that have been left on this planet . Is she going to face this planet all by herself ? Be on high alert ! Don 't overlook any changes ! Powerful thoughts ... What moved you to leave us this planet , Tribe of Gold ? To fill this universe with starways ... That 's an illusion . Just like I thought , they did come follow us ! The enemy ship is invading from the direction 01 .98 ! Due to the loss of ships , no effective counterattacking method is available to us ! I order the Organ units on land to counterattack ! Deploy your shield to its output limit ! Try to cut into the enemy 's course ! The enemy has only one ship ! Protect the princess using our ships as a shield ! Dhianeila-sama ! I want you to stand on this planet with me and try to feel the thoughts that have been left for us . I 've been searching for everything related to the Tribe of Gold since even before you showed up . There 's nothing left from them now . The Tribe of Gold fled this universe because they feared being robbed of their power ... No , we weren 't prepared to inherit the power . The Nodos are what they left for us . Only the power to eliminate everything . That is the true intention of the Tribe of Gold . I don 't care anymore ... Kervius ... Just erase me along with this suffering . This planet itself is the proof of something , as well as the path . This planet is just further evidence that the Tribe of Gold existed . And there 's only one reason why I was led here . You must not ! To eliminate everything that 's related to the Tribe of Gold ! Kervius ... Concentrate on the shield as soon as it contacts ! You must hold it back ! It protected us ? Unable to correct course ! We 're going to crash on the planet ! Open the hull plates as soon as we enter the atmosphere ! Diffuse the shock from the fall ! Do it , Yuty . That is your last agreement . Madness ... You say that is the true intention of the Tribe of Gold ? That destruction filled with despair is our future ? Dhianeila-sama ! Argonaut is- - It 's going to fall ! All remaining thrusters have been damaged ! Concentrate the shield under the ship ! Maintain an oblique angle to the course of our descent with the main engine ! The ship body is going to snap ! We 're going to reach the surface ! Release all the bulkheads in the compartments on both sides of the ship ! Try to ward off the shock with the entire ship ! Don 't give up until the end ! Bee , what 's the condition of the ship ? You did a good job , Bee ... Father . Tribe of Silver ! He did that to the Argonaut ! Shit ! Even if he manages to destroy us , the path to the future will never be cut off ! Hopes will never be ... We 're going to jump . Zutto mae kara kimi no koto shitteita kedo Konna kimochi mebaeru nante omowanakatta Masaka kimi ni koi suru nante Nanige nai kaerimichi yozora no hoshi wo miage nagara Wazato toomawari shite kimi no kata ni motarete aruku Futari de ireba donna kotodemo norikoeraresou to iu kimi no Massugu na me wo mitsumete omou Kimi wo aishiteru Embracing all the possibilities and hopes ... Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 25 : " The Last Agreement . "
