 Far , far away , in a distant time . In the outer space of this universe there was a tribe called the Tribe of Gold . They , who created planets and had the power to foresee the future , called out to the still-primitive other tribes . " Come forth " - - those were their words . The tribes that responded to their call were the Tribe of Silver , the Tribe of Bronze , and the Tribe of Hero . Before long , when the Tribe of Gold decided to leave this universe for another universe , a ship reached a certain planet . There was a baby ; the only survivor on the ship . The Tribe of Gold ordered someone from the Tribe of Hero to protect the baby 's life . They named the tribe that the baby belonged to the Tribe of Iron , recognized it as the fourth tribe that came forth into space on its own , and sent off a certain message . " Humans : the child of your destiny is here . " Tooku kirameku hoshi ni ikudo mo watashi wa negau Samayoeru kodou gravitation hikareau story Hajimari wa itsukara owari wa nanbito shirazu Mayakashi demo maboroshi demo naku sakaraenu nagare ( Kurai ) Yami ni sumishi mamono ( Blight ) Tayasuku nomikomareru youni watashi wa ( Eiyuu wo motomu ) Mezame arugamama Arishi yume ni arasoi wa tsukimono to kami ga iunara Kono mi kirisaite demo looking for Hana wo mune ni ugokidashita kodou wa dare nimo can 't stop Fureau ga sadame That is the last Nodos . The hope of humankind , who possesses the most powerful tribe in the universe , the Tribe of Hero , within ... - -Survival of the missing personnel - -The Peony Unit returning for resupply . - -of the 903 Unit confirmed . - -Direct it to the 839th port . It smashed the Tribe of Bronze 's ant heap ? ! Mom ... Mom ! Subspace communication probe is now expanding . In 320 hours , the first news about discovering the Nodos will reach the Humanity Federation Council . Where 's the Lotus Unit ? No change in their current location . We don 't know when the enemies will start attacking again . Time is running out , Princess ... Yes , understood . Dhianeila-sama , the Captain is asking for your immediate return . This is from Dhianeila-sama . We have come to bring you with us . In order to save humankind from extinction , under the Twelve Agreements- - Dad and the others were saying that ... Your dad ... and the others ? A long time ago , when they went far away ... Far away ? The Tribe of Gold ? They said that if Age went with the humans , this place would go back to normal . If you wish to revive the environment on this planet Olone , we promise to bend all the wisdom of humankind to the task . Fuuto ... We 'll welcome your ... friend ... as well . No , because we 're going to a dangerous place . Age is going . You stay here , Fuuto . Be back soon . We 'll make this place just like how it was before , Fuuto . Dhianeila-sama has returned . That Nodos is with her , too , huh ? Break out of planetary range at full speed and commence the welcoming ceremony . Roger . Well then , let 's go and greet this " savior of humankind " or whatever . We 're still on red alert , so please Master , no drinking . It 's just a little boost to maintain good fighting spirits . The message from the Tribe of Gold , which has been passed on for generations ... Believing in the message , we set out on this long journey , and now we have accomplished our first mission . Despite knowing the chances were low that we would find the fifth Nodos , the one to save humankind , everyone worked very hard for this mission . On behalf of the Yunos Royal Family , and the Humanity Federation , I 'd like to express my deepest appreciation to all of you . And I 'd like to hereby introduce everyone to this man , the savior of humankind . L-Look how raggedy he looks ! Watch it , piss off a Nodos and there 's no telling what he 'll do . Right ... Age-sama , this way please . Age-sama . A-g-e ! He is Age-sama . Now , Age-sama , please come up here . Um ... A-g-e ! T-To think the princess allowed a man to walk into the forbidden circle ... He 's the first man ever who didn 't pass out after getting close to the princess . That means he 's a man with that much of a pure heart . Hmm ... I guess we should expect that from the only human raised by the Tribe of Gold . I wonder if he 's just different from us ... Please take a look . These are the twelve agreements endorsed by humankind . What 's " twelve " ? Twelve is the number of the agreements and ... What is " number " ? A number is , um ... It indicates how many there are . What is " how many " ? He doesn 't understand the concept of numbers . Please wait , Age-sama ! I can 't believe this ! D-Dhianeila-sama ... Hmm , numbers are just something we invented for convenience . I guess they 're unnecessary for the Tribe of Gold , which governs the truth of the universe . We call that " the last hope of humankind " ? He 's nothing but a ... Monkey ! How is it ? Have you found him ? No , Father . Currently we 're mobilizing all our knights for the monkey search . To think that even our sensors haven 't been able to locate him ... He 's one troublesome monkey . The chief ceremony organizer was pretty depressed because his big day was completely ruined . You should go and cheer him up later . The Twelve Agreements , huh ? Who 'd have thought the hero that we used the entire country 's resources to find would turn out to be a monkey that can 't even count ? He 's smiling . He must be very excited to see nature here . After all , he 's been living all alone on that dried-up planet . But if what 's common knowledge here is incomprehensible to him ... Our intelligence is being put to test . What ? We must make him understand about us . Everything starts there . Y-You 're telling us to educate this monkey ... I mean , Age-sama ? What ? I don 't want to ! He 's dirty ! This person is indispensable to humankind . It is only right for us to assist him in everything . First , we must do something about the condition he 's in . We have finished sealing off the farm area with bulkheads . We finally managed to put the monkey in the cage , huh ? Just like the test result provided by the facility on the lifeboat , we detected no sign of viruses or parasites . Excluding the fact his brain activity level is unexpectedly high , he 's healthy . So there 's only one abnormal finding , huh ? Correct . An unanalyzable substance in his right eye is completely fused with the optic nerve . The Nodos Stone ... Just like what the Tribe of Gold 's message says , huh ? To bring the Nodos to where humans are ... I thank you for sticking with me on this seemingly absurd journey , Aneasha . You are too kind , Your Highness . I don 't dislike this journey . I now consider our crew my family . As do I. I was thinking that it would be nice if this journey went on forever . You should get some sleep now . But , at such an important time ... You must be exhausted , too , Aneasha . Sleeping is absolutely necessary for your strength , Dhianeila-sama . Maintaining your well-being and quality of life is my duty . If you have too much trouble falling asleep , I 'll ask a doctor to prescribe some medicine for you . Okay . The planetary immigration ship that went missing 60 cycles ago , huh ? It 's a system where the people in it are allowed to die one by one in order to protect the last survivor . Only a baby survived . That 's also what the Tribe of Gold 's message says . I still don 't know if the survival of that monkey is an advantage or disadvantage for us . Captain , please make a final confirmation of the route . Displaying the route on screen . Good . Begin the take-off sequence . Route No . L2S-527896-CYY , proceeding to the terminal planet at system coordinates N527694 via the common route . Thank you for your hard work , as always . Because of the impact from teleportation , the mind / machine axis of the aircraft gets shifted slightly . The variability rate of the existing coordinates could be influenced by one 's mental condition , right ? Any pilot who witnessed that paranormal battle would suffer quite a shock , I bet . Are you saying that I was thrown into confusion ? I 'm just saying that a delicate aircraft can be a pain . Hey , did you know that they discovered a magnetic field on the orbital path of the Planet Olone ? They say it 's proof that an unknown technology , which was preventing the planet from being destroyed , really exists . It proves that the princess was right . And we finally found the one who 's supposed to save humankind . The last Nodos turned out to be a monkey . And we learned that the monkey possesses an incredible battle force that can 't even be compared to ours . I bet it won 't be recognized as Dhianeila-sama 's achievement . The brothers from the Yunos Royal Family will end up stealing that from her anyway . But we can 't just unleash that monkey into space and pretend that nothing ever happened . But I think that 's exactly what she wants to do , deep down in her heart . The princess is willing to bet everything on this journey and sacrifice herself for the sake of humankind ! And we knights are going to do our very best to fulfill her noble wish . I 'll just follow the princess ' will . It 's like a dog and a monkey , huh ? Why don 't you go ahead and drink that ? Gravitational disturbance , distance 1150 . Delphi , commencing evasive maneuvers ! Ant heaps ! Five of them confirmed ! Ambush ? Shoot out the oboronas on the orbit line ! The 6th area , damage on the outer shell . The 553rd block , depressurization in progress . What did you say ? I 'm speculating that the damage was caused by extreme high pressure from inside . Give me the visual on the damaged area . What the hell is this ? Don 't tell me he 's breaking through the Argonaut 's bulkheads with his bare hands ? Where the hell is he right now ? How is he breathing in a vacuum ? We 're going to force our way through the blockade they 're building . Someone bring that damn monkey back into the ship ! Age-sama . A-g-e . A-Age , it is dangerous here . What are you doing here ? Dad told me ... Right , Belcross ? Belcross . He already knows about the agreements . Princess ? He knows ? The Tribe of Gold said that the human child that they took in their custody is indeed the one who possesses the Tribe of Hero within and will save humankind from extinction under the Twelve Agreements . And we made these selfish agreements . Item : The one whom I enter into these agreements with shall be my King . Item : I shall serve the King and never attempt to replace him . Item : I shall return the homeland Earth to the hands of the humans , who are called the Tribe of Iron . Item : I shall defeat all the survivors of the Tribe of Hero . Item : I shall conquer the mother planet of the Tribe of Bronze . Item : I shall conquer the mother planet of the Tribe of Silver . Item : I shall bring the Tribe of Gold 's ability to foresee the future to humankind . Item : I shall bring the Tribe of Gold 's ability to create planets to humankind . Item : I shall make humankind the rulers of the universe . Item : I will protect the one with whom I entered into these agreements until all the above are executed . Item : I must never run away or die until all the above are executed . Item : When these agreements are fulfilled , as long as it doesn 't breach the 11th agreement , humankind , also known as the Tribe of Iron , shall make my wish come true . We can win ! With that much power , we can even defeat God ! The Tribe of Silver . Zutto mae kara kimi no koto shitteita kedo Konna kimochi mebaeru nante omowanakatta Masaka kimi ni koi suru nante Nanige nai kaerimichi yozora no hoshi wo miage nagara Wazato toomawari shite kimi no kata ni motarete aruku Futari de ireba donna kotodemo norikoeraresou to iu kimi no Massugu na me wo mitsumete omou Kimi wo aishiteru Humankind 's reaction when they first witnessed the power of the Nodos was ... Next time on Heroic Age , Episode 3 : " The Tribe of Hero . "
