 Age ... You 're not allowed to attack the ones who are on that ship , Rom Ror . Over and over again I wish on the dazzling star far away Wandering heartbeats , gravitation , the story of their attraction When did it begin ? No one knows the end of it It 's not a trick or an illusion , it 's a current that I can 't swim against ( Dark ! ) The monster that lives in the darkness ( Blight ! ) As if I were easily getting swallowed into it ( I seek a hero ! ) I awake as I truly am If God says conflicts and life 's old dreams go hand in hand I 'm looking for you even if it means ripping my body apart With a flower held to my heart , no one can stop this heartbeat now that it 's begun We 're destined to come in contact He really came ... just like he promised . Age ... Have we been able to contact the Argonaut ? We still can 't reach them . Keep on trying . Let 's head to the Argonaut 's landing location with the Organ units- - Age . What have you done to Yuty , Rom Ror ? ! Why do you shut off your thoughts from me ? That 's how we connect- - That 's right , I 'm right here , Yuty . I 've been searching for the Tribe of Gold for the sakes of my tribe and the universe , believing that they must still remain somewhere . And I 'll finally be released from the agony of keeping on hoping for it . You should be delighted , Phaetho O. Age said he was going to rescue Yuty . If all five of us fight at the same time , it 'll definitely mean madness . But I do understand what Lernaea is wishing for . To avoid madness , yet still give everything we 've got . That 's what Artemia is wishing for also . Artemia wants to stop this more than I do . Maybe we should 've had more faith in them the Heroes within us ... Age said that the Nodos were born to give the Tribe of Heroes hearts . If that 's the case , when we trust the Tribe of Heroes , they will surely trust us , too . With their own hearts , which we created . That 's what Age does . Let 's go . And believe that we have the power to overcome madness . This is our last agreement . Four Nodos are fighting together in order to protect this planet . Age must have kept fighting for this moment ... What is it ? Artemia has gone mad ... Mehitak ! A Hedron shield ! One different from the power that we know of ? Unbelievable fluctuation ... Is that Artemia 's true power ? What is that ? The planet is resonating with Kervius ' power ? No ... Lernaea 's power ? Is it projecting all our powers ? Age told us what each of us represents ... Light . Life . Time . Belcross is existence . And Kervius is ... If Kervius is nothingness , why isn 't this planet projecting that power and self-destructing ? If Kervius 's power is nothingness , why were we able to get out of the nothingness ? If the Tribe of Heroes' madness is mere destruction , then why did the Tribe of Gold leave them with the Nodos ? If Kervius is nothingness , why give it a heart ? This planet is projecting Erymanthos ' power ? If Artemia is light ... If Lernaea is life ... If Erymanthos is time ... If Belcross is existence ... The past that would 've been possible ... All the possible questions for me to have ever asked are coming together in the present . If Erymanthos could really go back in time and space , why couldn 't it destroy Belcross ? If the power of the Tribe of Gold really exists on Elysium , how do we discover it ? The loss from that time ... My energy ... Erymanthos ' energy from 20,000 jumps will gather in one place . All the energy will flow into whichever one of us gives up first . Just like Lernaea 's underlying power is the regeneration , and Artemia 's underlying power is that fluctuation , that must be Erymanthos ' underlying ... Jump , Erymanthos ! This is probably nothing but another past that needs to be collected . If my thinking is correct , Belcross is the very instrument to properly acquire the power of the Tribe of Gold , which this planet possesses ... Let 's jump , Erymanthos ! Instead of interfering with the past and returning the present to nothingness ... We collect millions of pasts from faraway time and space , and give over everything , rights and wrongs alike , to the future . That was your and my true power , Erymanthos ! Just as I suspected , you 're the key , Belcross . Dhianeila-sama ? The planet entrusted Age and Belcross with it ... If Belcross is the key ... Kervius is the door . Yuty ... This was the answer , Prome-sama . To open the door with our own hands . Age . Those Nodos ... Age opened up what was left to us on this planet with their own bodies . They opened up the door to the other universe where the Tribe of Gold left to ... Far , far away , in a distant time . In the outer space of this universe there were people who called themselves " the Tribe of Gold . " They , who created planets and had the power to foresee the future , called out repeatedly to the other still-primitive tribes . " Embark on a journey from the planets you were born on , and out into a new world . " " Embracing all the possibilities and hopes ... " " Towards the future for each of you ... " " Come forth . " Although I have known you for a long time I never dreamed these feelings would sprout And I would fall in love with you Casually going home , as I look at the stars in the night sky I take the long way on purpose and lean on your shoulder as we walk You tell me you think we can overcome anything as long as we stay together I think as I look into your forthright eyes That I love you Believing in the day when we 'll set out on a journey together with many other tribes ... Next time on Heroic Age , the final episode : " Age . "
