 Prime Minister Musayev , if you don 't recognize me , look hard at my face and you 'll understand . General Vasilly Topov was not only my father , he was my comrade , my leader in battle . And now his fight for the liberation of Pasalan is my own . His army is under my command , and I will stop at nothing to make his dreams become reality . Prime Minister Musayev , we have occupied the Chernobyl nuclear power plant . The abandoned city surrounding the complex is under our control . No longer can we be ignored . Now , we are the occupiers . Any attempt to penetrate its borders will be met with fierce resistance . The reactor has been rigged with explosives . Detonators have been set to 72 hours . Should our demands go unanswered , they will go off . Such an explosion would produce a radiation cloud 100 times stronger than the bombs dropped on Japan . We call for the imminent release of all 227 political prisoners you 've held captive . We call for the complete and total independence of Pasalan . Nothing less will be deemed acceptable . Prime Minister Musayev , this fight is not only about country and politics , it is about blood . Mine and now yours . We have your children . Should you ignore my demands they will be the first to go . I urge you to act responsibly . We ask only to be free , as you would want your children to be free . I empathize with your father . I know how he feels . You only hope for your family to be safe . And when they are not you carry it with you like a cancer . Unlike me , he can change this . I would rather die than see my father give in to you . And so it may be , for all of us . He 's going to do as he threatens , you know . Are you listening to me ? I have to address the country in an hour . I can 't discuss this with you right now . You are not alone in this . You think I don 't know this ? Sending in troops was the act of a desperate man . That frightens me . They 've left me with no choice . Yes they have . Is it right to sacrifice others ' children but not our own ? And what then ? What is proved ? I am obliged to think beyond myself . Beyond our son and daughter . Obliged to what ? Your image in history ? If you allow something to happen to them , I will never forgive you . As the leader of a nation in crisis , my decisions have been dictated by a single principle : to serve the common good of the people , no matter what might be sacrificed in the process . While pride demands aggression be met with aggression , humanity depends on diplomatic and peaceful conflict resolution . It is therefore the responsibility of those in positions of power to question any hard line policy that threatens survival as we know it . Therefore , I have authorized the release of 110 prisoners in exchange for immediate deactivation of the detonator at Chernobyl reactor three . Over the next 48 hours all troops will stand down in ceasefire mode , as the terms of exchange are implemented . The remaining prisoners will then be released in exchange for the hostages .
