 This is what we know , Still we have 200 people possibly infected without identifying in Washington They were contaminated with tomatos . Not even I have taken my coffee . Something that it relates to them ? If . We were able to find to 8 habitual clients of one it tends . They were infected ? Five of them gave negatives in the test of mutation ¡ ­ two they were infected when they pillaron to them . Pillados in the act . The form but characteristic of to transmit infections . It is certain . The man that we took in Georgetown wise person who sex without protection podia to transmit the infection . Federal agents ! Stop ! Sueltala ! Sacadlo of here ! The woman of obvious wise Alexandria that the tomatos were infected and ¡ ­ that they infectarian to others . The spoon , Senior ! You said that you located to 7 clients habitual ¡ ­ That it happens with the eighth ? He is the one in charge of the store . Vendio his long apartment and . If ¡ ­ setting sail three boxes of tomatos with . With that it can create foreign football team . Our agents follow the track to him . - Brilliant ! - That ? If you look for a new source of stress , these of luck . Our infected pregnant woman this on the verge of having she drinks . Threshold 1x13 Allienville That ? Prepared for this ? Considering that our mother foreign this pregnant woman of two months and means ¡ ­ it is incredible the prepared thing that we are ! If , as much he is human or foreign . So that Fenway does not do a DNA test in the fetus ? Their needles could not penetrate the amniotic coat of Libby . These safe that this cradle is sufficiently hard ? Reason why we know , the foreign ones of second generation podrian to be the double of forts that its parents . The titanium is the available material but resistant . The chair , the cradle ¡ ­ everything is of titanium . And the food ? Fenway has developed two compound ones based on maternal milk . One with five times but of proteins . Both organic ones . Well ¡ ­ Since we cannot risk to us to that Libby she raises to her son single . We will do . Hey ¡ ­ tendra sometimes children , Dra . Caffrey ? If me you had asked it three months ago , habria said to you that it thought to have 3 children when arriving at the 39 . With representations of two sexes . And now ? Now I have altered all my plans personal under a single concept ¡ ­ Simply ¡ ­ day to day lives . Thanks for everything , small . - Clear ¡ ­ - It does not have of which . We are not last with the paniales ? Already there are two boxes ! These of joke ? Good looking you 50 turkeys to that they finish to him in the two first weeks . Come already ! If , in serious ¡ ­ the children they spend 10 paniales to the day during the first month . As you know it ? My twin sister had 3 ninios before of which I fulfilled 19 . You are twin ? If ¡ ­ and ¡ ­ it is not a genius . Guau ¡ ­ to have three ninios of adolescent ¡ ­ Where you grew up ? Oh ¡ ­ that is a totally different history . Centremonos in ours pequenio E.T. That we have ? Two agents who were raking to the infected cook , they have not informed in the twelve you complete hours . It is the GPS of the van ? If , one pequenia city of Virginia Allenville call As it is that it was there ? The infected ones want to infect to so much people as it is possible ¡ ­ usually they go to great cities , not to pequenias localities . Good question . Let us give a look to its card . Jason Bolton , of Chicago ¡ ­ School of kitchen in New York ¡ ­ Present residence in Washington ¡ ­ Nothing on Virginia . That there is of its family ? Its mother , Barbarian Smith , been born in Chicago . Neither brothers , nor sisters ¡ ­ Its father , Adam Bolton , also of Chicago ¡ ­ Its Caroll sister , married in Phoenix ¡ ­ Its brother Graham , unmarried , Massashusets ¡ ­ Delay ! Dr Graham Bolton ? Dejame to see ¡ ­ Dr Graham Bolton ¡ ­ author of ¡ ° solar Hoops ¡ ± professor of the MIT , married , has properties in Cambridge , Massashusets and ¡ ­ Allenville , Virginia ! Bingo ! He himself type ¡ ­ You know it ? I have heard on . I gain the Nobel prize de Fisica . He was distant . It was there for throwing to him a look to its work . And good looking that encontro a form to transmit its senial . We will have to find to the Dr Graham we ourself . Before his nephew infects to him . If our agents had problems ¡ ­ he can that is because this so moved away . They do not like the extranios . It is reason why we go of incognito . Your left hand , please . I declare husband and woman to you ¡ ­ You do not forget who wears the pants ! We go there ! Carinio . I am going to put my hand right in left pocket of my jacket ¡ ­ - Pardon , Mr. ? - To give my driving license him . They must of being of the city ¡ ­ Washington , D.C. We made something , agent badly ? No , absolutely . This highway is enganiosa . Step but time indicating the way to him to the people who putting fines . - Good afternoon , Mrs. - Good afternoon , agent . They go to Preator ? No , Allenville . It mistakes to me ¡ ­ go in the right direction . The people of single Allenville are accustomed to to see trucks happening of length . We looked for one marries for sale ¡ ­ If , a pretty and calm place . Oh , if ¡ ­ . much tranquility there . Anio happened was reduced the population one third part . So it seems a good place for you . Follow rectum one mile ¡ ­ there is a senial to the right . Thanks , agent . That they have good day . As it was the direction that it indicated the GPS of the van ? Cherry Blossom , 17 . Perfect . There is one marries for sale ¡ ­ three doors but down . In march ! The GPS aims around the corner . The van this , the question is here if also our agents would estaran . It smiles . We must be to him familiar . It seems to me suspicious , too likeable . You have heard that ? If , it comes from the direction of our objective . It smells of blood ! Stop ! Federal agents ! Stop right now ! STOP RIGHT NOW ! They are people of the government . We also . Leave the block in the ground . They were two of our better men . . This does not have any sense . The Parkers and Taylor were too good like so that Jason Bolton pillara by surprise . Probably it did not do it . The infected one to her . Now this dead . Form goes to die ! That we are going to make this mess yet ? We left it thus , parecera an accident . Think that she I kill them ? Our boys had to think that Mrs. Bolton was a current housewife . Them sorprendio . And now that ? Good , we know that Bolton came here by his uncle . Who knows to whichever people but habra infected . It is hour to request reinforcements . Outside cover I do not have cover . It is rare . I either . The cellular telephones deberian to work . Larguemonos of and we look for here a normal line . They want something to eat ? No , thanks . Single a beer . Two . They have I telephone ? Oh , if . There behind . You two estan of step , truth ? Oh , no , my husband and I am looking for a house this way . Oh , I knew it at the moment that entered . Here it has . I telephone does not work ¡ ­ Deberiamos to buy here ¡ ­ . It is a wonderful city . It enchanted to them . The house invites . Estan looking for , and needs their proteins . - Welcome . - Thanks . Oh , if ¡ ­ the city finds out this infected , it is not thus ? Oh , if ¡ ­ That we are going to do ? To eat . He was delicious . Thank you very much . Comi for only one hour . No problem . We see ourselves soon . I am wishing it . So long ! I believe that officially I am vegetarian . To that we hoped ? This restaurant foreign is perfect for my ¡ ­ great fillets free . You have eaten an animal . Infected tomatos do not servian at least . Think that already we are infected . - Hey - Hey He is not charming ? Estan misinterpreting our cerebral waves . When the three of us we became infected with the senial foreign , seo pense that us mataria . But the life has saved us . It seems that our fugitive one infected to all the city . - Allenville has ¡ ­ 50 inhabitants ? - If ¡ ­ Even with the arms of our agents we do not have the sufficient ammunition in order to lower them to all . We must find I telephone . And we must find to the Dr Bolton . Habia listing telephone in the washbasin . I have the direction of the Dr Bolton . Good work . We go . In which I can help them ? She is Green Mountain St. 7 here ? No , this is Green Mountain St. 8 . I feel much . Single we are strangers ¡ ­ in search of one it marries for sale . Hey , hey , are the pair of the restaurant ¡ ­ Thus it is ! I am called Paulette . Him care the house to its proprietor , the Dr Graham . I can offer protein concentrating to them ? It finishes reading my mind , thanks . No It can that we discover something . There are many houses for sale this way . We lost many inhabitants when hill the coalmine . My family dedicated a mainly the young of horses , but also went away when the hurricane demolition the stables . But you I remain . Thanks to God ! If not never habria improved . It is certain ¡ ­ ! It passes something to him to his I telephone ? Oh , if , the Dr Graham I take it . He is so annoying ! So , as they were improved ? Oh ¡ ­ favorite ours pizzeria in Washington DC ¡ ­ Ahh , those wonderful tomatos ¡ ­ . The nephew of the Dr Bolton brought some to us for weeks ¡ ­ I made with them the sauce of spaguettis for the restaurant ¡ ­ and Pete sirvio during all the week . The truth is that we felt very to taste here . We want to go to us of Washington DC . They know . I do not blame to them . There it is where this Threshold ¡ ­ The Agency of Government who this trying to kill us to all . I can go to banio ? Gustaria to wash to me the hands to me . Naturally . This at the end of the corridor . Thanks . The government knows somebody so that he wants to kill to us ? By ignorance . They do not include / understand that we have improved . They call monsters to us . And we cannot face them in time to be escaping continuously ? Oh , the Dr Bolton said that seriamos but strong at the most fueramos ¡ ­ For that reason we have to turn but people . With the food ¡ ­ ? ¡ ­ That does not have been too much time . Then ¡ ­ like ? John and I want to help . We can see the Dr Bolton ? The Dr Bolton estara outside all the day . But he is not the coordinator of our project . Who is ? James Hayes . It creates it or no , is of Threshold , but we improved it . This Mr. Hayes here ¡ ­ now ¡ ­ in the city ? Oh , volvera tonight . I feel it , but I must return to the market before it closes ¡ ­ Thanks for proteins . They glide to have children ? Piles . As soon as us let us install . - Ah ¡ ­ and them daras to suck ? - Naturamente ¡ ­ ! Fantastic ! I cannot quitarte the strap . Tendras that tumbarte towards a side so that the epidural can ponerte . I do not like to see sufir to anybody in the childbirth , even to a foreign one . I have increased the dose , but sera completely surely . We go . Escuchame , Libby . Your you are a foreign one that you want to infect to all the humans and to erase to us of the planet . I am a human who wants detenerte . but at the moment , we must behave like doctor and patient because both we want the same thing . That your it drinks is born safe and sound . If something happens to him to my drinks , it will take all to him the members of its miserable body . That interesting ! It is exactly what said my second woman when nacio our son . Not habria be but easy to suppress it , instead of entering hurtadillas ? Our cover this working ¡ ­ so that to burst it ? Sight which this contruyendo . We will know in question when let us catch to the Dr Bolton . Or to Hayes ¡ ­ Molly ¡ ­ as far as the agent Hayes ¡ ­ . He was one of your men . The agent Hayes is my brother . Baylock knows it . Deberia habertelo said before , but ¡ ­ . - I feel much ¡ ­ - Oh , not ¡ ­ I think to hunt it just as to nobody another foreign one . At no pense moment that not it harias . Thanks . Let us see that there is in the computer . Meanwhile vere that there is in these archives ¡ ­ That they estan doing here ? We improved ¡ ­ it cannot feel it ? Nobody can enter laboratory of my uncle . We are helping him . Mind . Hatred that pillen to me by surprise . How long we have before from which he returns Hayes ¡ ­ and that this wakes up ? Half an hour ¡ ­ I believe that one of caliber nine in the base of its cranero servira ¡ ­ ¡ ­ We do not have another option . You brought the titanium spouses ? If . Two pairs . Perfect . Metamoslo in the maletero . Jesus ! Oh , brilliant ¡ ­ to my did not give me but it has dented your car . Ok . As we explain the estropicio ? Pequenia is a city very . This street is the one of the market . You do not worry . I have the excuse perfect . No you preocupes Lo will verify ¡ ­ that is that ? Ho , ho , ho ¡ ­ Watch this ¡ ­ That him passage to its car ? I had pequenio discord about the incorrect directions . Perdi the head . In the end I kicked to him . The mudguard this practically destroyed ¡ ­ Ah ¡ ­ will fix it soon . This not nailing in the wheel . If one nails but , the wheel exploded to him . Echele a look ! This good . This almost to four inches of the wheel . You two must take off the city of above . They always estan with haste . I feel it . I am a crazy head . I also was a crazy head ¡ ­ but the automatic control is important once you have been improved . The materials of the wheels are weak and you would seran it until we have improved them . I suppose that I am adaptandome . I understand it . But that happens if somebody of outside you it sees comportandote this way ¡ ­ llamarias the attention of a way that we do not want here . You are right . Nonvolvera to happen . That this good . To go now with well-taken care of . Always . We must stop now . I have it . Now it is going to seem that I am crazy . - Better than to seem human . - If . Cogele of the legs . Llevemoslo until that tree . You have it ? Ponle the legs around the tree . Cogere the spouses . Thanks . Not even foreign podria to take an adult tree . When the tape is taken of mouth , we will be to miles of the city . That these looking for ? Stables of horses . So that ? Paulette said that they were closed . The perfect place for a project on great scale ¡ ­ And so that not it left mine ? Because our cook has dung in the shoes , and coal nondust . So the stables ! It is a too popular site stops to have to have closed the business . That is the Dr Bolton . If . Now that ? Deberiamos to enter and to see that there is in within the building . I believe that you are right when saying that this is not a simulator of the senial . All the people of the zone already this infected . It can that esten constructing something in order to transmit in satellite frequencies . Infectarian to all the region ! Lucas podria to solve it . Still nothing . Surely the Dr Bolton this blocking the frequency . It really matters now that it is that thing ? I suppose that no . The foreign ones want to construct it ¡ ­ we want to destroy it . And I am really good demolishing things . For that reason it marries to me with you . It pushes and it breathes . If ¡ ­ to also shout it is good . I cannot see nothing . It is not a soccer match . Here it comes ¡ ­ Good work , Libby . Ninio precious ! The question is ninio that ? We have to make the test of DNA . He is human . I can take my drinks ? No , Libby ¡ ­ I feel it . I must feed to him . Estara well , we have a food excellent for . Noooo ! Me temia something thus . Hazme a favor . If , the one that ? Evidently , Libby this gotten upset . This too weak one to transfer it . We can take it to your laboratory ? Better Sera for her at least sees it . You want that we do of niniera ? We will be very contentments to have it . Llevadlo to laboratory SNM . Thanks ¡ ­ , Lucas . To where they take my drinks ? I promise it , estara well . I need to feed to him . You need recuperarte , calmate . Libby , tranquilizate . I need a nurse ¡ ­ . No , no , no , not ¡ ­ Loose the weapon . Calm ¡ ­ Sueltala . Apartala ! Back ! Back ! It seems to me that tendre that to hide all my pelis porno ¡ ­ Oh ¡ ­ that this happening ? Devolvedme my bebe . Libby has escaped ! Cowardly OK ¡ ­ ! That we do ? Not it ! But we have to do something . Dadme my drinks ! We have to remove it from here already ! I feel it , never ¡ ­ Bond , this good , because if something happens to him we are completely died . Done very well , Spok ! We must go to us of here . I open ¡ ­ This way . It is going to hear it ¡ ­ Your you are the expert . Beam that stops to cry . You have flown sometimes in airplane ? Nobody obtains that they let cry ¡ ­ We are of luck . I have my PDA . You think to send a message to him to God so that it helps us ? No , ready type . No , I am connecting it to megafonia . If , ponselo in the chest . That confused it . And surely cabreara much . Vamonos . - This way . - That ? Sujetale the head . That these doing ? You want to block it ? Patience , Padawan ! Uncle ! Ready ! Since you have done it ? I had many appointments during anios that they do not podian to hope ¡ ­ Hey , watches what you say ¡ ­ OK We will wait for here until guards stop it . Hey ¡ ­ has stopped . I believe that him pleasure . If , the trick this in moviento ¡ ­ we go , we go ! In agreement . So ¡ ­ that you think that it is going to happen to him to this poor man ninio ? He is human , estara well . Not exactly ¡ ­ We prepared ourselves for the worse thing , but ¡ ­ now he is a normal and current orphan . That it can hope ? Good , knowing Caffrey , probably tendra 10 ideal pairs making tail to have left it it . Surely it finished better than anyone of us . The only thing is that not sabra who are their true parents . The only thing ? He is something important not to know it . Like your ? I. You are adopted ? That is my history . Se that stays aqu ¨ ª Bajalo Quiero my drinks ! ¡ ­ We go away well of here . This above . Damelo . Delay , I am going to send it to the tile roof . One does not move . It can have injured the neck . I take the weapon , in agreement ? That God helps me ! This above , in the other elevator . Cogedla . Deberiamos to have left here we until they stop it . Good , better than they hurry . Because it begins to be hungry . Oh , brilliant , is WonderWoman ! That we do ? You finish sending above to the guards ! For already blaming and it thinks to me ! I do not understand it , drinks has let cry . ¿ C omo knows where this ? It is not drinks . You are your ! That ? It drinks is human , cannot track it . But your you have those cerebral waves ¡ ­ it has to you been following you . That you think ? That it really wants to this drinks , that rastrearte can and that I do not matter to him . Deje a message after senial Uncle J.T. I am Molly . We are in Allenville . It is much more of which esperabamos . People are hallucinating . Right the type that there are been looking for . Deberias to come as rapidly as possible . It enchants this protein to me . Finally my moving body servira for something . - You obtained the clock ? - If , clear . You have the other ingredients for the pump ? Interesting acquisitions ¡ ­ The turkey helps to maintain us our cover . I can imagine it but ¡ ­ you think that we have time for marital relations ? That graceful . Whatever it reads the periodic ones , encontraria extranio that bought a clock ¡ ­ but you reduce and came bought by one relatively attractive woman ¡ ­ it is ¡ ­ a provocative center of attention but for an adolescent . Single failure in your theory is pequenio . In relation to ¡ ° the attractive ¡ ± part Today single we are going to use the clock , Cowboy ! Single pretendia to maintain the appearances . Ready ? Naturally . Maniana already we will be able to shoot this thing . But first we will have to clear the ceiling . Understood . It did not take thousands to him of anios to this senial to arrive at its destiny ? Good , if the llevaramos at the speed of the light then ¡ ­ if but ¡ ­ but this device emits a pulse ¡ ­ that hara that the senial arrives in day . - Day ? - If . Brilliant ¡ ­ tendre to six men working in the one of the tile roof . As soon as your men finish , we will transmit . It did not have been long time . Ten taken care of with those cables ¡ ­ apilalos there outside the reach of the light . So they do not estan using the device in order to transmit the senial . If . It seems that are going to send a senial , to some other site . They have blocked our telephones ¡ ­ we will block his . How long you have put . One hour and average , the sufficient time so that let us leave here . In march . Be ! Oi that habia a new pair in the city . Imagine that one was you . I have been looking for to you . Deberias unirte to us . Jimmy , we want ayudarte . Oh , quereis to help me ? Clear that I want . You are my brother . No , my brother not this here . Single there is a way from which you return to being my brother That is not going to happen . Then estaras better dead . We have agents of the government , in the forest , near the mill . Recibido , we go towards alli . Good firing . Nontapeworm good angle of shot . . We have 30 minutes before it wakes up . We will take it with us . He is the leader , we can use it . He is too dangerous to return to the car . Towards where ? Deberiamos to go to the highway that leaves of the city . It is towards the east . - Quickly . - We go . Dame to my son ! Delay , Libby , hope , hope ! This it is not your drinks . These dead ! Alien in the control room ! Alien in the control room ! Dame my drinks . It will kill to you . Damn generators ! Quitate of above . Attempt salvarte ! Never habia shot to a patient . Single this unconscious one . Pondra well . That ¡ ­ that ¡ ­ ? That ? Oh , is not nothing . Shock against the wall . It was going to kill to me . We cleared its son to him , I do not blame it . We must go quickly but , it leaves helps you . No It is not going to work . We will not be able to escape of them taking it with us . My work is protejerte ! In agreement , we will leave it here . - That these doing ? - That you create ? No ! Molly ¡ ­ soon unira to them woke up and . It is a great threat . ¡ ­ He is your brother . You do not have to demonstrate nothing , we are not assassins . We hide it in the forest , we gaged it and soon we come to by ¡ ­ . Cavanough ! Escondamoslo . Ah ¨ ª estan Ah ¨ ª estan This way ! - I have left without deafening bullets . - I also . Stop ! Oh , you are . That they estan doing here ? There is people in the forest ¡ ­ they estan disparandonos . A truck driver warning of which he listened firings , not that can be shooting . It sees it , we are not we , they estan to us persecuting . Escondanse behind the car . They are demasidos . Not podra single with all of them . Please . Raise the car . It will remove to them from here and pedire reinforcements . Agent , we must go to us . I have them , I am of way . I go towards there . It can break it , we no . He is bulletproof . Let us prove with this . Cubrete the head . We go . Molly , Allenville this in that direction . We do not have another option . We go . Molly , Cavennaugh ! I am glad of verte . You are a blessing for the eyes . We have stopped to all those of the city . We are on the verge of finding us with the rest of the community , in about 5 seconds . You load a weapon . Prepared . Enemies to 11 . You loosen the arms ! To by them ! - That has been that ? - Our attack against them , has worked . That way . I go away by a day and you arreglais stops to destroy it everything ? That graceful ! - As this drinks ? - This good . Before you ask , it removes to Libby one maternal milk sample while he was unconscious it contains high concentracines of one called protein lactoferina . Two drops are much more powerful that a pile of infected tomatos . So it was trying to infect to it drinks through milk . It thought that ninio was immune . To senia foreign , but not to food altered genetically . This protein comes from the mother . Its immunological system not it reconoceria as a threat . A Trojan horse for the DNA ? Exactly . So , we captured all infected of Allenville ? All excepo Hayes , who already habia gone when we returned to gather it . It knows too much of which we do here . Cavennaugh debio to kill to him when it had the opportunity . It is fault mine . Lucas , we sent notes to you of the laboratory of the Dr Bolton and the machine , you have something ? It was programmed to transmit one only codified frequency to anios distance light . A frequency so that ? A look throws to him , not this in our language . So that to emit a senial if it is not it stops to transmit a message ? In order to attract , like a radio beacon . A radio beacon so that ? I suppose that another big wave of foreign . in order to infertar much to a part greater of the population . Consegui to decipher the program that habia within the memory , the coordinates estan to about 200 meters upon Washinton DC . Hello , Molly . - That these doing here ? - I have been born here . You are a foreign one . This is suenio . He is suenio , but no I am a foreign one . You saved to me ¡ ­ and it is going to save us to all . Soon ? No Your plan worked ¡ ­ but not soon . But we won . If , but ¡ ­ But that ? Your not estaras when we do it This good . Thanks . Molly ! I have fallen asleep . I have had suenio . The foreign ones return to put in your head ? It can that this time no . I hope ¡ ­ that you go to house ¡ ­ and you have a great day . I finish beginning it .
