 This is my story . Now , this is my story . I come from the outer reaches of Andromeda . Imagine : planet Earth , the Solar System , the Milky Way ... your galaxy . I come from another galaxy . A blue one . Way , way beyond your world . Where I come from , is the Wild Blue Yonder Our star was dying . It was like an ice age , but much more severe . We had to move , we had to leave . Whole armade of spaceships set out and they all dispersed into the universe . I don 't know where they are . I guess they 're all lost . A few made it to your planet , planet Earth . A few of us arrived earlier . It was a few minutes of our time but on the Earth time it was a hundred years too early . They came in out of the sky and man ! Were they greeted ! What happened to them after that - I don 't know . But it was not all great on this planet . We got homesick and desperate . One of us tried to commit suicide . He was spared . You know , our great-great ... - grandfathers were fine scientists . But the journey was long and boring . And when we got here hundreds and hundreds of years later those of us who arrived here just sucked . I came in with the third group . And we had a lot of big plans . We knew we had to make a big impression , so we decided to build this capital city , one that would rival D.C. This ... this looked great , because two train lines converge right here . Over here , we made this to be the mall , the main shopping center . And over here was to be the supreme court . And over here was to be congress . And down there the pentagon . And way way way at the end there ... was the great Andromeda memorial . But the whole thing sucked . Nobody came , nobody settled , nobody shopped . You see aliens as these technologicaly advanced superbeings , who destroy NYC in two minutes flat . Well , I hate to say this , but we , aliens , all suck . Look . The failures . Look . D.C. I guess we 're just failures . This whole thing makes me sad . Really makes me sad . Our only success story was the man who used his knowledge of the sky and flying machines . He became chairman of the strategic planning commitee at the pentagon . With great respect it might be said that aviation itself served very small part in the result of the WW I conflict . However , it then proved itself , that is , it was easily recognised that with proper equipment and another time aviation might become a real instrument of military warfare . First , I thought I was going places , as I was accepted into CIA , but I found nothing there , but a bunch of people only interested in their careeers . I never got promoted . I kept trying to tell them , that I knew some things , that I knew quite some things but they wouldn 't listen . And that made me very angry . So now , I stand before you , ready to tell all . I was involved in the Rosswell recovery . When that thing landed 50 years ago , they didn 't know what it was so they stashed it in some silo underground , and they kept lying that it was just some media invention . Now comes this . 50 years later they dig it up . And they decide , with the help of advanced technology , that they are going to take another look . That was a big mistake . They should not have done that . From the start , that convoy had a very ominous feel to it . They shut out the world . No press , no tv cameras , no photos . This film is the only record which they made for their secret files . What happened there had a far reaching consequences and you don 't even know about it . Everything was hermetically sealed . Man , it was ultra-clean in there , toxic waste outfits for the men , even the truck was sealed in plastic . They had a hunch that something dangerous might be lurking . What they didn 't know was that it came from our planet . It was one of our probes we sent ahead of our armade . But there was microbic life attached to it . Life that was unknown on planet Earth . And what they also didn 't know was that while they filmed this here something was seeping out . Invisible . Secret . Potentionally lethal . Seeping into the few patches of bare skin . And these scientsts would carry it out into the world . They scrambled the quarantine and they barely succeeded And there was panic . So they hatched the secret plot . 93 00 : 13 : 11,158 - - 00 : 13 : 14,495 They sent out a group of astronauts . Their mission : find a hospitable place out there for human habitation . Like something , anything that could be the alternative to Earth . The astronauts were told that the mission would extend to the boundaries of our solar system . But noone could have foretold them larger , more ominous voyage have they had . It would turn out to be some sort of a one-way ticket . And this is the film record transmitted back to Mission Control . It has been kept locked away all these years . As time dragged on they were still cautiously orbiting planet Earth The mission was going nowhere . They needed a way to reach further . The ground crew encouraged this even thought the spread of the alien microbes turned out to be not such a big deal . It was mostly contained . Still . They wanted the astronauts to keep going . To find the safe heaven just in case . They were in for a rude awakening . They didn 't know how hostile it was out there . See , I could 've told them . I know all about it . The astronauts decided to sent out a space probe to explore the outer fringes of the solar system . It could radio back images from the planets it encountered . They named the probe Galileo . They waited weeks . They waited months . And then these images came back . Images that proved that there was no hospitable place anywhere nearby . It was clear now that there was nothing nearby . On the ground they knew they needed a boulder plan a trip beyond our immediate horizonts . For the mathematicians it was only a question of a different trajectory . The potential energy doesn 't change , that is the zero . This velocity thing says that this derivative comes out to be v * delta v. It just required the gravity assist from Venus and a fly-by of Jupiter . It looked doable . If we look at our standard v equation the key is going to be getting the right v infinity of Venus . We are still going to need enough performance from the spacecraft so that we can go below the orbit of Venus . And also that the v infinity of Venus is high enough that when we have to come up with the velocity needed to get us on up to Jupiter that that will work . I guess we could use this to look at leaving the solar system . For example this is the Sun . The Earth is going around it . Instead of thinking of this being a fixed plane with the Sun in the center and the Earth going around . Let 's just draw an axis and rotate the plane with the Earth so now the Earth looks like it is fixed . Now we are working in a rotating system . In this rotating system if we have a little spacecraft , an intender or whatever . Moving around , it has got some velocity in the rotating system . And it 's got potentional energy with respect to Earth and potentional energy with respect to the Sun . The Jacobi constant is equal to one half the rotating velocity squared , and I believe by convention it 's all minused so we get a negative sign on a kinetic energy , and we have the gravitational constant of the Sun divided by our distance from the Sun and the gravitational constant of the Earth divided by our distance from the Earth . Whenever we come by the Earth , no matter which direction we come in or which direction we fly by we are going to end up with exactly the same velocity . And the key then is to use other planets ... That 's the wrong symbol . That would be Mars and it 's in wrong place so we will use Venus ... . use other planets to change what the Jacobi constant is to a new value . It 's playing games with the Jacobi constant and that 's where the tour starts to get interesting . On board , however , the shifted trajectory was accepted as just an extension of their flight-plan . The life carried on . Day in , day out . Draggery set in . As you get further and further away you don 't have a sun you don 't have a sunrise anymore there 's nothing you can look at and see other than points of light . There 's no sense of being close to anything . So you are truly an island . You begin to accept the different life . Frankly speaking , my hunch is they believed it wouldn 't be that far . Because if you could go to sleep , wake up on a sleeper train pulling into your destination the next morning . I could 've told them . I know all about it . We travelled all the way from the outter reaches of the Andromeda Galaxy . Do you have any clue of how far that is ? No you don 't . Let 's get this clear from the start . The closest star to this planet , or should I say speck of dust , is only 4.5 light years from here . And may I say that Alpha Centauri is a couple of million degrees hot which , i don 't want to exaggerate , could be unpleasant . Now , how fast is the speed of light ? Using conventional fuel , I mean rocket fuel to accelerate to 30 % of the speed of light wouldn 't take all the fuel tanks on the planet Earth , that are equivalent to , say , the Rocky Mountains . It would take all the mass in the Universe visible to the naked eye . That 's the Earth , the Sun , the Solar system the Milky way , all the stars in your galaxy , all the stars in the surrounding galaxies . Now , how fast have you gone so far ? Fastest speed acheived to day was by your Voyager space probe , which accelerated to about 55 000 miles per hour and is currently heading our of your solar system into deep space . Now ... let 's suppose , that that is a spaceship , you are an astronaut on that ship and you are headed towards Alpha Centauri , which , I remind you is 4.5 light years from here . Now , let 's assume you started your voyage 20 thousand years ago this is the time of cromagnon man , paleolithicum , cavepainting in the south of France . You 're hunting bison , rhino , wooly mamooths . And you 're speeding along at 25 000 miles per hour for another ten thousand years . Now you 're in neolithicum , mankind begines agriculture , domesticating animals sheep , goats , horses , pigs ... Now , when I say pigs , i mean breeding domesticated pigs . This was the mankind 's first heart sin . Why ? Because in order to breed animals you have to become sanitary , that begins settlements , which begans towns which begans cities , which begans all the problems that will be mankind 's destruction . Breeding dogs is not a sin because they all go with you on your nomadic hunts . But pigs , that was the sin . I 've diverted . The ship continues on it 's way for another 6000 years . Ancient Egypt , pharaohs , pyramids few thousand years more past ancient Greece , ancient Rome and into the middle ages and more heart sins . An italian poet decides it would be a good idea to climb a mountain just for the fun of it . The Swiss didn 't do it , the sherpas didn 't do it , until bored 19th century english man paid them . And they robbed the mountains of their dignity . That was a sin . The ship moves on ... Declaration of Independence World War I , communism , World War Il , Marylin Monroe Elvis Presley , to the present day . Now , how far have you gone ? You have accomplished just 15 % of your journey to the Alpha Centauri . You have in procreating gone through 500 generations . How could you have avoided inbreeding , rebellions , murders ? Would you not just became grotesquely moulded form of freaks with no idea of where you came from or why you began the journey to begin with . And might I add , that the closest star which might be considered non-lethal is not 4.5 light years from here . It 's more like 200 000 . By now the spaceship was surrounded by deep black space . And knowing that , as I said , madness , rebellion and murder might set in our astronauts , trying to prevent that , deviced a way to read each other 's mind . Like this , they were able to maintain the equilibrium . Order had to be enforced . And that 's what we had to do as well . And now here they are , doing the very same voyage we had done only in reverse . Now , these images came much later from the ship . Battery power was running low . And the first signs of chaos became visible . Something had to be done to drastically increase the speed of their voyage . It was a rogue mathematician who kept the secret of a breakthrough invention to himself . You just want to keep it to yourself for a while because for a while you are the only person on Earth who knows something . And that little secret is just so exciting . But then , of course , you want people to know and you want people to start using it . It was something that was kind of hard to grasp , I believe , because I 've been looking for them for so long and all of the sudden , it happened . And moreover , the theory just started to rolling , looking at asteroids comets and how all the solar system is controlled in many ways by these chaotic tunnels . And this is how the chaotic transport can occur . So in this particular image is an artist conception of some of these gravitational tunnels that are in our Solar system , that connects our Solar system . And this is a step forward from the Copernican view of the Solar system , where in this image you can see that the orbits of the planets all around the Sun , except they are all separated they are all in this very classical conception of the Solar system . And now , 500 years later , our picture of the Solar system is slightly different . I 'm using an image from the Shatrian cathedral 's floor , actually it has even more antiquity origin of erm , erm , the labyrinth , which shows that the whole Solar system is really integrated . And this integration even though this picture , of course , is very nice and even , but actually , these are generated by chaotic orbits . That is what I call a chaotic transport . And I was the first , really , to discover mathematically by Planck array . So let me show you how are these tunnels generated . So you start off looking from the Sun towards the Earth , and here is the Moon 's orbit . And one of these large orbits , it is actually larger that the Moon 's orbit , what we call halo orbit around the L2 Lagrange point of the Earth . And it is the gateway that is invisible , so each time you look at the Sun or look at the Moon you 're actually looking at these gateways . They 're invisible and they provide this free transport through these huge huge tunnels . Now , this little animation will show you how the tubes of the Earth and tubes of the Moon interact to provide this low-energy transport . So that we can actually conceive of putting a space station around the Moon 's Lagrange points either in L1 or L2 , where it is very easy for astronauts to get to the Moon and also to come back to the Earth . By the same time , they can service missions deep in space , so for example in this case we 're going to look how from the L1 , the Luna L1 , station go to the center spacecraft to the Sun-Earth L2 which is 1.5 million kilometres . And from there you can actually deploy and go to the Mars and so on . So the yellow dot represents one of these space stations . And so , as we pan out , we see that the Moon 's tubes , the red tubes , are like the offrames that allow you to leave and the blue tubes allow you to get on to the next gateway at L2 And here it extends out to space . And here 's the Earth 's onwrap , the Earth going to L2 and when these tubes intersect that is when you get the free transport . But from here you can also deploy to the other parts of the Solar system and so this offers opportunities that we don 't have from just looking at Keplerian orbits . And the same way in the future using string theory , we are going to have much more powerful tunnels , tunnels that will allow us to , perhaps , go through the spacetime . And that then , is the possibility of going to the stars and to the galaxies . Now , let me jump . And so here is the conception , like an artist conception , first of just a gravitational tunnels that we 're working with but eventually , instead of planets it will be tunnels between galaxies . By utilising chaotic transport , the astronauts found a shortcut . The direct route to my planet . It makes me angry . Or I should rather say upset that we didn 't even know about this . Soon , they would be at the doorstep of the Wild Blue Yonder . It was already in their sights . There it lay - covered by a crust of ice . They made preparations for landing . What makes my planet so different and beautiful is the sky there . The sky is frozen . Just thinking about it makes me homesick . Leaving the ship behind , they cut through the ice . And found themselves descending into an atmosphere of liquid helium . And what makes it even worse for me is to be so far away , watching human beings exploring my world . And I could take in these images all just as they were recorded by the camera . And I can hear the sound of the Wild Blue Yonder . This was home to me . I should also tell you that the other thing that makes my planet so beautiful is its wild life . The creatures would always speak to you . They try to make contact . And now they 're sad , because they 're left alone . And here I see that your astronauts either ignored them or rejected them or did not treat them with respect . After the first day of the exploration they began to warm up to the idea of a colony on this planet . Sure it looked inhospitable . But compared to what they saw from the Galileo space probe it seemed to be a reasonable solution . But what would the colony look like ? Digging tunnels or caverns underground , building a big dome , some sort of protection from the chaotic flow of particles ? Oh well , in all these systems , it turns out that if you look around us , the Universe , chaos is not anegative thing . It actually allows us to conserve energy in many ways . And so , in this particular ... in the superhighway concept , chaos is extremely important , because that is what generates this very free and inexpensive transport . Part of plan with space travel is really the colonisation of space . And in the mid 20th century our concept of how that would happen might be that we would build a large force field , a dome of some type , over some planet or some floating island , underneath which would be giant amazon-type forest . A jungle of some sort . But the jungle is not really where human beings , at least not humans today , want to live in . So the ideal environment might be something like a shopping mall in space . Because you have everything from stores you can shop at , places to go gym and aerobics , bars , entertainment . You could shop all day long or there would be working places . So this might be , for the future , the perfect space colonization paradigm . A shopping mall ? ! ? I could 've told them . We had a similar plan , but you saw it didn 't work . Where are the shoppers , if I may ask ? Where are they ? It makes me so sad thinking of all that merchandise sitting there unsold . And what makes me even more sad is that my planet started dying hundreds of years ago and here they are : seeing this as a potentional replacement for Earth ? They began to map out specific suitable locations . On the second day they ventured down into the low-ceiling basements of my planet . They hoped to find the ideal place to install sewer pipes , electric cables and an air supply system . And after they were done with the cellars they consulted their compasses which led them to explore our big valley and the sky above it . And this area we used to call the Cathedral . The Blue Cathedral . Now , it was time to return home . Back to planet Earth . What they knew was that they can use this portal as a tunnel of time . This was a difficult process and it took patience . Each astronaut would , in turn have to pass through this tunnel . And by doing so , have to dissolve into particles and subsequently , into pure light . Now , back in their world , it took time for the astronauts to reassemble and morph back into human form . They believed that they were somehow back on Earth . And that they were only 15 years older . But their existence back here was just an illusion . What really happened was this : they had not been out there for 15 years . They had moved so fast through the tunnel of time that it actually became a different , a parallel voyage and on Earth 820 years had passed . They began to see their planet in a different light with a different possibilities . We had an ambition that then , when lot of humanity will be living outside of planet Earth , they would be working in other places , maybe Mars , maybe they will be working on asteroids , that we will have already moved to the vicinity of Earth , so we can mine them and we can take care of their resources . And then the Earth will become more of a protected national park , of sorts , of humanity . Humanity will preserve our planet as a pristine protected area for humans to come , perhaps to spend vacation . You spend 6 months working in some other place and after you gather enough money you could come and spend some vacation on a nice beach on planet Earth . And when they made it back 820 years later this Earth had no people left . It was waiting there as a national park . This plateau was their landing site as there were no more airfields no towns , no bridges , no dams , no money , no banks , no time and no breath . It had returned to its pristine beauty . It was prehistoric again . And this is what it looks like . Using timing from polish subtitles by gw1azdeczka ( baja9a @ o2.pl ) English transcript and corrections by Cmelaj ( at gmail ) and Likkle Lucy Thanks to Greg from Voku squat , Berlin , for showing us this film .
