 I 'm taking breakfast to Evelyn , she 's still down with that bad leg . - Will you be all right till I get back ? - I 've got my accounts to finish . That 's not what I 'm talking about , Conor . - I 'm worried about you . - You should be worried . For your own safety , as well . Make sure you stay on the main roads today . Don 't you think it 's possible you 're overreacting to all this ? There 's two of us dead , Nella . I don 't care if they looked like accidents . Someone out there is targeting the resistance . When Kahlan gets here , we 'll find out who . - Kahlan 's coming ? - I sent an urgent message . She 'll show you the truth of my words . I don 't need a Confessor to tell me I should believe in my husband . You 've decided where we 're taking the box ? The one place in all the Midlands where Rahl can 't get into , neither by spell nor by force , is the Crypt of the Ancient Seeker at Tavol 'Rang . And that 's where we 're headed , with a detour to my home town , - to pick up the key . - Pack up . We need to go now . Agreed . It 's a day 's walk to my house , and three more to Tavol 'Rang . We need to go by way of East Marwen . This message found its way to me in the marketplace . - Some friends of mine are in trouble . - The entire Midlands is in trouble if we don 't get this box locked away safe . I know . But the friend that sent that message is a leader in the resistance . He and his wife risked their lives to hide me when I was running from Aydindril with The Book of Counted Shadows . We 'll just have to meet up after you get the key . Wait . You can 't go alone . He 's right . A Confessor can 't travel without her Seeker , the Seeker can 't travel without his Confessor . But who would trouble themselves with an old man in a tattered cloak ? Thank you , Zedd . I 'll meet you in East Marwen , the day after tomorrow , with the key in my hand . The box goes with me . Too many D 'Harans in these parts on the lookout for the Seeker . Conor ? Nella ? What 's wrong ? 1x11 - Confession Sync : Kasius I came as fast as I could ... Eternal darkness upon the soul of whoever did this . This is Constable Declan . I sent for him . You can speak freely , he 's one of us . I 'm Kahlan Amnell . It 's been a long time since we had a Confessor in East Marwen . You 've come when you 're most needed . Richard Cypher . It is an honor beyond words to meet the Seeker , though I wish we met under happier circumstances . Do you have any idea ? I can 't bring Conor back , but I swear to you on my power as a Confessor ... I will bring whoever killed him to justice . Conor knew he was in danger . The message said that two of the men in your group were already dead . We believe they were murdered by traitors in league with the D 'Harans . One of the men appeared to have taken his own life , but there was no reason for him to have done that . The other was crushed under his wagon while he was fixing a wheel , but nobody saw it happen . When was the last time you saw your husband ? I left before breakfast . The sun was just coming up . I spent the morning with a friend , she 's been sick , and when I came back , the place was torn apart , and I ... Was anything missing ? Just his inkwell . The golden one his father gave him , and a silver bowl he kept on his desk . The sick friend you visited , - does she live near a marsh ? - No , a meadow . Why ? It 's just these seeds , they 're still green , newly fallen , from a stalk of Kindon grass and it only grows in marshes . There 's just one marsh around here . I 've never been to Conor 's house in my life . - Are you sure about that ? - I 'm sure . I stay close to home . So you wouldn 't know anything about a mysterious highwayman who roams the roads at night , robbing travelers ? A man like that might even be capable of murder . - I wouldn 't know anything about that . - Would you know anything about this ? Kindon seeds . They were found on the floor of Conor 's home . The only Kindon grass in East Marwen grows in the marsh next to your property . Where were you this morning , Niles , around sunrise ? I was ... in the woods . Hunting . You can 't lie to a Confessor , Niles . Never been to Conor 's house , have you ? Declan , what are you doing ? I 'm sorry , Luna . Conor Greenleaf is dead . By your brother 's hand . - Niles would never ... - Don 't make this harder than it is . My brother is not a murder . Let him go . He won 't tell me anything . We need to know the full truth of his crimes , so the people know justice has been done . Will you Confess him ? What if you 're wrong , and he 's innocent ? He 'll lose his mind , his will , - for nothing . - I can tell he 's lying . In Westland , we have judges and counsels , we make sure somebody is guilty before we punish them . Counsels , no matter how wise , make mistakes . Confessors don 't . It 's three murders . We owe it to Conor , and we owe it to the resistance . I got you . Tell me what happened when Conor was killed . It was the morning . Early in morning . I went to his house ... I 'm sorry I lied to you , Confessor . I killed him and I took the bowl and the inkwell . Do you know anything about the deaths of Conor 's two friends ? Did anyone help you ? Are you working with the D 'Harans ? Nobody helped me . Please , don 't hate me . Please . Go with them peacefully . Accept your fate with dignity . Under the power of a Confessor , Niles Braggindor has admitted to taking the life of Conor Greenleaf . He will be punished in accordance with the laws of the Midlands and East Marwen . We 're lucky you came and you did . Justice is uneasy to come by these days . I 'm sorry for your loss . I loved Conor like a brother . I know you did too . Thank you for helping me bring his killer to justice . This town is lucky to have you . Conor risked his life thousands of times fighting for freedom , and then he dies in a common robbery . That still doesn 't explain the other two deaths . Constable ! I 've been robbed . Sit down , I 'll find you a healer . I don 't need to sit , I need to find the thief who stole everything I own . - Where did this happen ? - Two hour 's ride north of here , just after sunrise . A highwayman put a blade to my throat . I tried to fight him off , but he was too strong . Why don 't you come into my chambers ? You can describe him . I don 't need to describe him . He 's right in front of me . Impossible . Niles was here in East Marwen at sun up , taking the life of another man . I 'm telling you , he 's the one who robbed me . If that 's true , we just executed an innocent man . Thaddicus . - Good day to you . - Thaddicus , it 's me . Zedd . Of course it is . It 's only been 23 years , how could I forget ? There was no way for me to send word . I was on the other side of the Boundary , in the Westland . I 'm sure you had magical business of earth-shattering importance there . I did . Thaddicus , is Mother ... ? Here ? Of course she is . Where else would she be ? Come , she 'll be overjoyed to see you . When ? Five years ago . Your name on her lips . Where 's my Zeddicus ? Why didn 't my Zeddicus ever come home ? You look like something the dog rolled around in . Come in and have something to eat . And a bath . A highwayman had a knife to your throat . You were frightened . Of course I was frightened . - But I know what I saw . - I know , I know . Identical beard , similar clothes . Don 't forget his eyes . His eyes . You were looking into his eyes . Just looking into mine for the past quarter hour . So what color are they ? My eyes ? Grey . Blue , actually . Amazing how the mind plays tricks under pressure , isn 't it ? Or ... someone paid you to come here and say all this . - And stab me ? - A warning , of what they might do if you don 't play along . That man robbed me . When you confess someone , they fall in love with you . Are you sure that once Niles was confessed , he didt just tell you what he thought you wanted to hear ? The confessed can 't lie to a Confessor , ever , for any reason . What did they take from you ? A bag of silver . All my tools . And a bracelet I was bringing to my wife . Green stones in a gold circlet , with rubies along the edge . You 're lying . What are you going to do , confess me so you can prove that ? Your confessions aren 't all that reliable . Did you say green stones in a gold circlet ? What about them ? That 's it . That 's my bracelet . Where did you get that ? My brother gave it to me . When ? - This morning . - Right after he stole it from me . He stole it from you this morning ? Around sunrise ? Then he couldn 't have killed Conor . My brother may have been a thief , but he was no murderer . You killed him . He didn 't have to die . Calm down , Luna . Calm down . Are you proud of yourself , Confessor ? You murdered my brother as sure as you drove a stake into his heart . I 'm sorry , Nella . Niles didn 't kill Conor . He was robbing a man when your husband died . You confessed him . He said he did it . I don 't understand . Neither do I. If Niles was innocent , then why were Conor 's things in his house ? And how did those seeds get on my floor ? We 're searching for answers . We don 't have them yet . Maybe we do . Unless a man can be in two places at once , then the whole thing is crazy and every time something crazy happens in the Midlands , there 's always one thing behind it : magic . I 'm right about this . Is there anyone in East Marwen who has magic ? There 's a man up in the caves who claims to be a sorcerer . An innocent man is dead , because of me . It 's not your fault . It couldn 't be . Maybe somebody 's doing something to you . Maybe it 's Darken Rahl , maybe he 's ... Nobody ... Not even a Wizard of the First Order has magic powerful enough to work against a Confessor 's . There 's something wrong with me . Listen . There is an explanation for all this and we 'll find it . I know you . And who you are is more than some magical power you have . Go ! He 's getting away . I 'm going to pull it out . You have to go . Now . - I 'm not leaving you . - I 'll go into town , I 'll get Declan . You have to catch him . Go . I can walk . Now . Luna . You 're a fine cook , Thaddicus . - Don 't patronize me . - I 'm not patronizing you . You always had a gift in the kitchen . Your vegetables , so fresh and crisp . As opposed to ... May the Spirits forgive me . Mother 's . Remember those carrots ? Paste . I gagged every time . Twenty-three years , Zedd . Twenty-three years . Your room 's just as you left it . I go in every now and then , make sure the mice haven 't brought the place to ruin . Just passing through , is it ? I came for something very important . What a surprise . Zeddicus shows up because he needs something . And what is it this time ? Night Stones ? Sorcerer 's Sand ? Well , you 're too late . I sold it all years ago . You didn 't sell what I came for . The key to the Crypt of Tavol 'Rang . That was the first thing to go . Have any idea what you 've done ? Our family always protected that key . It was a sacred vow our ancestors made to the First Order of Wizards . Here 's the truth of the situation , brother : I 'm not a Wizard . As you never let me forget . You know as well as I do that not every child inherits the power . I am not going to apologize for the ways of fate . So the way you lorded me , that ... That was fate ? How you left me to do the kitchen chores cause you were meant for greater things ? The way it was always " Run off and play , Thaddicus , " while Father gave his precious time to the training of the great Zeddicus ? Memories are slippery things , but the crack of Father 's stick across my knuckles is hard to forget . You need the key ? Why don 't you use your mystical powers to conjure it ? You always loved showing off your magic to your poor , powerless brother . You know it doesn 't work that way . Wherever you went , you should have stayed there . That key was not yours to sell . You were always like that , no thought of anything beyond the next penny in your pocket . I 'll bet all the jewels in Tamarang that whatever you sold it for went straight to the gaming tables . Be sure to bolt the door on your way out . Did you see who it was ? He was just a cloak in the shadow . Are you sure it was a he ? Luna 's out of her mind with rage , most of it directed at you . Her father made his living as a hunter , just like Niles . The girl knows how to use a crossbow . - We need to go her cabin . - I don 't think you 're ready . I 've had worse . We 're going . Now . What happened ? I killed her . I tracked Luna to the house . I mean , I knew it was Luna when I saw the cloak and crossbow . And then ... And then what ? You saw the crossbow ... I heard a noise . It was Luna . She attacked me , so I defended myself . She scratched at my neck . She was defenseless . - I didn 't have to hurt her . - Please , don 't hurt me . But I killed her anyway . I don 't believe that you killed that woman . Look at me . The Richard I know risks his life every day for others . You wouldn 't kill a defenseless woman , I know you . I did it , Kahlan . I remember it . Just like Niles remembered killing Conor . Maybe his memories weren 't real , and neither are yours . You said that magic had to be behind all this . Well , now I 'm starting to agree . We need to go find that sorcerer . Well , I hope you 're right . 'Cause right now , I don 't trust myself . What if I do something like that again ? You won 't . Because I 'll be with you . Every second . What did you come back for , another magical treasure for one of your schemes ? Well , go away . I lost them all at cards . No more waiting , Zorander . One hundred gold pieces . You only won 70 off me . The extra 30 is the price of my patience . I haven 't got any . I can 't pay you . You 're gonna pay . Slowly . If I can 't get my money , then I 'll just have to have some fun with you instead . If you ever dare to show your face to my brother , ever , you 'll wish I had burned you to cinders . Now get out . Why 'd you come back ? I got about a league from here when my temper cooled and I realized ... The task that calls me away is a grave one , Thaddicus . The chance that I will not return alive is ... Is great . I didn 't want to go to the Shadows knowing that my last words to the only brother I have in all the world were unkind and unfair . Now let 's get you cleaned up . You look like one of Mother 's turnips after an hour in the pot . Besides , I always did love showing off my powers . You 're the only sorcerer anywhere near this village . Do you know anything about these murders ? Were they your doing ? He 's telling the truth . And I 'm really more of a sorcerer-in-training , anyway . I 've been studying magic books my whole life , I 've learned a few minor tricks , things you can do with powders and potions . - You don 't have any powers ? - That doesn 't mean I can 't help you . My knowledge in the field is quite extensive . You say these victims believe they did something they didn 't ? They don 't just believe ... they actually see themselves doing it in their heads . Shared visions . Memory magic . I 've read something about that in ... here . There are accounts of an ancient device that produces the effect you speak of . Here we go . Azzallel 's Orb . Azzallel was a fantastically gifted wizard . His wife gave birth to a blind daughter . Azzallel tried but failed to manifest new eyes for his baby girl . So instead , he created a way of plucking visions from his head and placing them inside hers . Azzallel 's Orb was stolen 200 years ago and believed to be lost forever . Hello , Bosin . Still stealing money from old ladies ? I found something . When we were searching Luna 's cabin , one of my men pulled this scorched paper from her fireplace . There 's handwriting there , but I can 't make it out . Maybe you 'll have better luck . No luck required . This I can help you with . May I ? Dust of a Shadrin 's thigh bone . Like I said , a few minor tricks . " Dearest Luna . " I can 't meet you tonight . " I think my wife knows . " Missing you desperately . Conor . " Conor and Luna were lovers ? If Nella knew about that , she 'd have a good reason to kill her husband ... and Luna . My husband is dead . Why are you doing this to me ? Did you kill Conor and Luna ? And then gave the memories of what you did to Niles . And me . I 'm sorry . Where is it , Nella ? Where 's the orb ? I told Conor I was leaving to take breakfast to a sick friend . But I didn 't make it very far . After I killed Conor , I gathered seeds from the grasses near Niles ' cabin and scattered them around the body . Then I ransacked my house and hid our possessions in Niles ' cabin . All that was left was to put the visions of what I did into Niles ' head . And the memories Richard has of murdering Luna ? Right after I killed her , Richard came running into the cabin from the woods . How could I have done such a thing ? It 's time to go , Nella . And lemon cake , my own creation . You know , you could make a living at this . An honest one . Patronize me again , you 'll get a pack full of sand . Where to now ? The less you know about where I 'm going , and why , the better , for your own sake . I know I 'm guilty of occasional self-importance , but in this case , the fate of the world actually may depend on the success of the errand that calls me . In that case ... you 'll need this . The key to the Crypt of Tavol 'Rang . You had it all along ? Of course . Mother would 've come back from the grave swinging that iron skillet if I 'd let it out of my sight for a second . How could you put me through such a thing ? I was angry that you came home for something you needed ... and not to see me . I needed to see you too . - How are you feeling ? - Like I killed an innocent woman . I still keep seeing her die . Hearing her screams . Feeling her blood on my hands . I loved Conor and Nella . They would 've given their lives for me . They almost did . To lose them over this ? Over jealousy and anger . You don 't have to watch . The other two who died , I 'd like to talk to their families , see if there 's anything you didn 't find . I 'll take you to them , after . Don 't worry , Conor 's work will go on here , no matter what . Are you all right ? When you described Luna 's attack , you said she was scratching you , right ? She went after my face ... Well , Nella 's . She scratched me right here . Hurt like a stinging nettle . I just saw three deep scratches in that exact spot on Declan 's neck . - What are you saying ? - It 's no coincidence . Luna scratched her attacker . And whoever attacked her committed all the murders . Nella Greenleaf will now be consigned to the Shadows , in accordance with the laws of the Midlands and East Marwen . - Wait ! - Stop ! - Lower the door . - He killed Conor ! He killed them all ! Now ! I 'm not with the resistance I 've been killing off the resistance . Why ? I believed in Darken Rahl . That he would protect us . You had to know that killing Conor would draw attention . I had no choice . Conor was growing suspicious of me . When he told me he sent for your help , I had to act quickly . The hard part was making the murder look like Niles did it . Where did you get Azzallel 's Orb ? From my father . It 's belonged to my family for hundreds of years . It 's a wonderful device , really . All you have to do is think of what you want the other person to remember and the orb does the rest . Everything was perfect , until the man Niles robbed on the road showed up , after Niles was hanged . And then you kept asking questions . With a Confessor around , I knew I 'd never be safe . So I tried to kill you . And with the Seeker tracking me , I knew I had to cover my tracks . I ran straight to Luna 's . Don 't hurt me . So you 're the one who knocked me out ? I put the memory of Luna 's murder into your head . It seemed like the best plan at the time . What I didn 't count on was the Confessor fighting for your innocence . That 's when I gave Nella the memories of everything I did . To make her the mastermind . So Conor and Luna were never lovers ? I wrote that letter myself . I knew the hermit had the power to restore burned objects . It 's a trick he performs at children 's parties . Did you kill the other two ? The suicide , and the accident ? Both of them . I see the error of my ways now , Confessor . I only hope you allow me to atone by serving your will for the rest of my days . My will is that you die by nightfall . But by then , you 'd better be a long way from here . I sent word to the D 'Harans that the Seeker was in East Marwen . They 're on their way from Fort Naramond , to take the Seeker . They 'll be here by sundown . We should go . There 's still one thing I need to do . It wasn 't your fault . Declan had us all fooled . I should have suspected him sooner . At least you got justice for my husband . Anything you need . Whenever you need it . A remarkable story . And a very powerful piece of magic . I remember killing that woman as clearly as I 'm looking at you now . No one should have to live with a memory like that , except a real killer . I could use Azzallel 's magic here to pluck it from your mind . I 'd be very grateful . Although Richard 's probably not the one who needs it most . - Would you ... ? - Absolutely not . What I did really happened . I 'm not as infallible as I thought , and it cost a man 's life . I don 't ever want to forget that . Things were never this complicated in Westland . You could always go back . Not a chance . On to new pressing matters ... The magical key to the Crypt of Tavol 'Rang . You got it . How was the visit with your family ? It was a visit with family .
