 Previously on Dollhouse : I want the real you . And I want the real you . Sometimes I think You 're the most real person I 've ever met . Echo 's not a blank slate . She 's a person . Everything you 've imprinted her with For the last six months is still there . What does that make her ? Miss lonely hearts . Everyone likes to take a little something home From the office once in a while , But he 's the least of your indiscretions . I think they 're trying to build a portable device That will be able to imprint anyone . They 're grouping , aren 't they ? I am sorry to say yeah . Split them up , place them in separate houses . This has the potential to change everything . I suspected as much . You did the right thing , adelle . Hurry , sergeant ! Orders ! Shall we celebrate ? There 's no smoking in my office . Hello ? Huh ? When did you die ? Catherine , wait . Darling , darling ... We need to talk . I don 't want to talk . You want roger . I want to roger roger . Stop ! Stop . It would be dishonorable for me To let this go on any farther . There 's someone else . What do you mean ? I 've fallen in love with another woman . Oh , don 't tease me . That 's patently impossible . I 'm afraid , I 'm afraid I 'm quite serious . So where did you meet this other woman ? On one of your international je t-setting trips ? The flat in London . The condo in Rome . Who do you think designs your life When you 're not with me ? ! Listen , I 'm having a hard time Figuring it out for myself . It 's as if I met this woman in a previous life , As though our love transcends our very being . Come on . You 're not real . You 're a doll . One whose contract is up , And I was just getting in one last go-round Before they release your body into the wild . And if anyone should be getting upset , roger , It 's you , ' cause this time tomorrow , You 're not going to exist anymore . Catherine , I 'm sorry , I know you 're upset , But don 't make up stories . I don 't believe for a second You 'd ever stoop to the level Of those pathetic souls who have to hire Your programmable love dolls To get what they need . Do you see what I see ? I don 't see anything . Exactly . There 's nothing left in ballard 's head . Alpha scrubbed him clean . Even if I could make the chair work on someone Without active architecture , I 'd be lucky if I could make him walk in a straight line . But he 's stable , physically ? As a zucchini , Which is what he 's gonna be for the rest of his life . Now my brain is starting to feel like his . Get some rest . I 'll deliver the news to Echo . Another woman , mr . Brink ? What ? N ... No ? You 're the only one here . Who else is in on this practical joke ? Boyd , ivy ? Echo ? If it was funny , I want to take credit for it . I don 't think this was funny . Miss lonely hearts was dumped by roger this evening . Are you sure the dementia hasn 't got into her ? Stop being cute ! How long have you known the identity of miss lonely hearts ? You ? Oh , my god ! What have I said to you about her ? Ooh ! Octogenarian , walker jokes , The thing about the early bird special ? I didn 't know . If you didn 't alter the imprint , I want to know who did . Roger came back early . He didn 't say why it ended , but my money 's on a broken hip . Uh , ee ... What ? She definitely didn 't do it . It wasn 't on our end . Roger 's parameters Were exactly as you , she , she requested . So where did the mystery woman come from ? Has anyone seen Sierra ? Look on the bright side . Roger didn 't reject you . No , Victor did . It 's just grouping , which won 't be a problem After we set him free tomorrow . Just make sure this doesn 't happen with any other actives . We can 't have clients being rejected by dolls Who are programmed to love them . Yeah , we 're lucky this happened to you . If anyone finds out about this , You won 't be so lucky . I don 't think that 's a smart idea . Dewitt 's watching your every move . If you upset her , You 're gonna end up in isolation again . Or worse . I haven 't seen paul since they stabilized him . What if I don 't get to see him again ? What if ... ? That 's not gonna happen . Topher 's working every angle . But you might want to say goo d - bye to Victor . His contract ends first thing in the morning . I thought you 'd be glad . I was gonna Use him to help me get everyone out . He 's already been used for five years . You 'll manage without him . Everything 's slipping away from me . Before , it was memories , But I figured out how to hold onto them . And now that I have something real ... People I care abou t - they 're slipping away from me , too . I 'll talk to dewitt about paul . Maybe she 'll change her mind . Absolutely not . Paul ballard is brain-dead because of Echo . Funny , I thought he had alpha to thank for that . It 's all of a piece . Echo brought alpha to the house . She made him jealous . It all starts with Echo . You got it all figured out . Hardly . I still want to know what 's going on In that very special brain of hers . She 's not a blank slate anymore . She 's a person Like you or me . And keeping her away from ballard is killing her . Perfect . You want her to suffer . Pain reveals who you really are . Let 's see who this girl really is . Are all the arrangements for Victor 's release finalized ? Everything 's set . Would you mind handling the final paperwork for me ? Usually , you handle active releases . I thought it gave you a sense of satisfaction Seeing them through . When I 've recruited them . Victor was assigned to this house . He wouldn 't know me from you . I saved my strawberries for you . They 're my favorite . Victor , it 's time for your treatment . Will you sit with me at dinner ? That would be nice . You 're not coming back . When you get out of that chair , You 'll have your original personality . You need to say good-bye to her . If you don 't get a chance to say good-bye , You 'll regret it . Good-bye . Good-bye . I 'll see you at dinner . Afghanistan war vet , severe ptsd , Which we cured . This one actually makes me feel good about myself . The last thing He remembers is reclining in that chair Five years ago as I explained To him the last thing he would remember Is reclining in the chair . I was probably standing right ... Here . Did it not work ? Did something go wrong ? You were not just standing there . And you were wearing different clothes . Well , not that different . What did I just tell you ? That five years would seem like ... Five seconds . Welcome to the future Where cars fly , robots serve our every whim And genetically engineered dinosaurs rule the earth . It 's pretty much the same as when you left . And the war ? Is it ... ? It 's still going on . So that 's it . Five years just like that . It wasn 't just like that . Right . Five years I don 't even remember . I don 't know . It almost seems too easy . We 've set up a trust fund in your name . Reserved a suite at the hyperion Until you find something more permanent . Found several employment opportunities Should you choose to work . If people ask , You spent the last five years at a va hospital As part of an experimental program That treats veterans for pos t - traumatic stress . We 've created a paper trail to verify your story . For the first three months , You 'll come into the Dollhouse on a bi-weekly basis For a diagnostic . For a year following that , We 'll send a representative into the field to check on you . If you have any problems , you can call us 24 hours a day . But I don 't expect any trouble . This entire process was designed So you can slip into your old life Without realizing you were gone . Congratulations , mr . Ceccoli , You 're a free man . Dollhouse s02e09 Stop Loss Sync by honeybunny With an increase in troop numbers , U.S. Military forces begin A new offensive against insurgents In the southern regions of afghanistan . ... The obama administration ... How long have you been sitting here ? I 'm waiting for Victor . We 're going to have dinner together . Sierra ... Victor 's not coming back . But he always comes back from his treatments . This time he isn 't . He left . For good . He wouldn 't leave me . He 's free . They gave his life back to him . But you 're not happy for him . I needed him . I thought he could help me get everyone out . I 'm sad , too ... But not for us , for him . He 's not ready to be by himself . Excuse me . Hi . Um ... Have we met before ? No . Where 's paul ? He 's not dead ... If that 's what you 're thinking . What did you do to him ? Mr. Ballard ... Has been moved to a more secure location , One where your illicit key card will be of no use . No need to fret . He 's receiving top-notch care . Do you think that anything goes on In my house without my knowledge ? I don 't know , it seems like a lot went down without you knowing . Yes . Well , I 'm not surprised that paul ... And boyd managed to keep your secret from me , But topher ? He can barely keep a belch to himself . Come on , don 't be rude ... It 's just a friendly chat . You really want to do this ? Pretend that we 're equals ? Go toe to toe ? Why ? You having trouble keeping up ? You think I 'm scared of you ? I have a serial killer in my head . Yes , If memory serves me , one that 's petrified of women . All those people in your head , I know their deepest , darkest secrets . You 're forgetting who put them there in the first place . So now you 're trying to take credit for making me ? You didn 't make me . I made me . You may think all these people Knocking around in my head are useless , But that 's 40 more brains than you have . So I think we can agree that I 'm smarter , tougher And a whole lot scarier than you could ever hope to be . If you 're so powerful , why are you still in my house Sneaking around , trying to find your comatose boyfriend ? Lady , If I wanted to be somewhere else , I would be . But there 's work to do here . Now , you can be On my side or you can be on rossum 's , But the time for playing both is over . Protocol says I maintain a doll 's biolinks for 90 days After they leave the house to monitor the reintegration Of their original neural topography . That 's Victor 's readout ? Was Victor 's readout . At 1 : 53 a.M. Last night , his biolinks went kaput , As in no signal . I can 't even raise his GPS . I 'll send a van to bring him in for a diagnostic . Those aren 't " I 'll send a van To bring him in for a diagnostic " squigglies . They 're " fight for your life " squigglies . I 'm on my way . Echo . I need your help . All clear . Same here . Ready to process the room ? You want FBI , private investigator , Or should I surprise you ? So , how exactly does this work , You accessing other personalities ? I used to have to make an effort to switch between imprints , But now I can slip back and forth Without even thinking . Who am I talking to now ? Echo . You 're always talking to Echo . But roma klar and eleanor penn are duking it out In the background over who gets to help me figure this one out . I 'll take all the help I can get . They came through the front door . No sign of a struggle . And they left the place Pretty clean . Whoever did this , they 're professionals . It was an inside job . You see a clue I don 't ? Victor 's been out of the house , what , less than 24 hours . Which isn 't enough time to be On anyone 's radar . And they knew enough About our tech to deactivate his biolinks and GPS . Looks like you 're working on a theory . Who the hell are you , huh ? Somebody better say something ! Anthony ceccoli , sergeant , third battalion , 75th ranger regiment ... Yeah , Yeah , yeah , that 's me . Who-who are you ? What do you want ? We apologize for our methods , But they were necessary . Hagan ? I thought you got transferred to the 160th . We all got transferred . The military called us broken soldiers , Didn 't know what to do with us , So they packed us away for five years . If you tell your commanding officer ... We don 't follow traditional command structure . Officially , we 're not a part of the United States armed forces . Yeah , no kidding . Why 'd you bring me here ? Military was supposed to fix us . They took away the pain , the fear , the shame , But they left us empty . Do you know why ? 'cause we 're soldiers . We need something to fight for . We can give you something to fight for . You want me to be a soldier . Where do I sign up ? Victor 's file was accessed three months ago , With continued brea k - ins leading up to his release . Someone was making sure he was still on schedule . Can you run a back-trace ? It 's a rossum server . Defense-grade firewall . Can you hack into it ? Someone in here can . That 's just for immunizations , right ? It 'll be easier for us to explain after we put this in . You 'll never be alone again . Stand down . Fall back . Repeat . Fall back , Victor . I 'm in . Have you ever heard of scytheon ? It 's rossum 's military contracting wing , Their answer to blackwater . They 're the ones who kidnapped Victor . They 've got a dossier on him ... Personal history , military records , Dollhouse engagements . They 've got it all . He 's been placed in a classified program , Code named , Mind Whisper . It 's being operated out of a bunker On the california / nevada border . According to this , Mind whisper has recruited dozens of ex-actives . The active architecture allows their minds To be linked via neural radio . They hear what everyone thinks , See what everyone sees . Rossum 's building an army . They kidnapped Victor . Rossum 's building an army ? Remember what happened last time We poked our noses where they didn 't belong . We failed and I nearly lost control of the house Or something like that . I 'm giving you a chance to help Victor . They 've turned him into some kind of soldier . That 's what he wants . And isn 't that why we 're in business ? To give people what they want ? Neural radios ? That 's the short-bus version of this tech . What 's the endgame ? Groupthink . And not the bad kind That gave us the bay of pigs ; this would be The much badder kind . Multiple minds thinking as one . Imagine war minus the individual . He 's thinking about One single thing . The objective . Soldiers who won 't stop fighting Until they 've accomplished the mission . Once you 're absorbed into the group mind , The individual ceases to exist . If we don 't rescue Victor Before he 's fully integrated into the group mind , We lose him for good . This wasn 't on the schedule . Load me up . We 're going to war . I got what I need . Keep them coming . Field medic , advanced triage , and it comes with : A texas twang . Have anything else that might be useful ? Why didn 't you Let me in on this earlier ? You were on a need-to-know basis . Need-to-know or need-to-fetch ? The flying cardona brothers ? She 's breaking into an underground bunker , Not the big top . No , acrobatics makes sense . You want , uh , Enrique or Ernesto ? Ernesto . My choice , too . Dewitt 's out cold . We got at least half the day . Ooh , after we 're done here , Can I go to her office with a sharpie ? Topher . You 've been downloaded with everything from basic g.I. Jane To nuclear physicist weapons maker Who secretly yearns for nuclear disarmament . Did everything take ? Locked and loaded . But I need one more thing to pull this off . All I have left Is naughty pirate wench . You . You promised me I wouldn 't remember that day ! You told me I could skip it ! Calm down . Why ? I don 't want to remember nolan ! I don 't want To remember any of it . Get her a beer . I couldn 't delete that day , Because then you wouldn 't remember him . I don 't want to remember nolan . Not nolan . Not nolan . I couldn 't delete that day Because you wouldn 't remember Victor . Before I wiped you , you-you told me you knew . You saw Victor and you told me you knew . That I loved him ? Exactly . Why ? What 's going on ? His name 's anthony now . If he 's started to lose his identity to the group mind , You 're our best shot at pulling him out . Has , uh , Victor ... I mean , anthony , ever met me ? As priya ? He 's met Sierra . Think priya with all the complications stripped away . So why not just send me as her ? Because you 'd still be figuring out how to buckle your seatbelt . How do we get in ? We get caught . I just lost Echo 's GPS . Which means they 're inside the bunker . You really think we 'll be able to Pull this off without cruella dewitt finding out ? Don 't piss off a blind girl . Oh . Now we just need to make sure anthony sees me . He 's already seen you . One of them sees us , they all see us . Come on . So he 'll come to us ? Eventually . Stay right there . Anthony . I 'm so glad it 's you . Anthony 's gone . Anthony 's gone , but what about Victor ? I know he 's in there . You 're trying to confuse us . You 're not gonna confuse us . Victor . Victor ! Victor remembers me . He couldn 't forget ; I didn 't forget . Anthony , lower your weapon . They don 't want me to remember . Eliminate hostile target . They want me to kill you . Eliminate hostile target . Eliminate hostile target . Eliminate hostile target . I remember . Are you in control ? If she 's here , it helps me to remember . It helps me to stay focused . They 're not happy . What 's the fastest way out of here ? If we follow the electrical conduits , It 'll lead to a service tunnel . There 's a utility hatch at the end of that . Then that 's where we 're going . You take the lead . I 'll bring up the rear . Got it ? You hit him . Why 'd you hit him ? He 's still connected . Anything we tell him , they hear . Now half the squad 's headed For that service tunnel . It 'll be five minutes before they realize They went the wrong direction . What is the right direction ? I 'm gonna figure out a way to change the group mind 's orders . You 're gonna hold down the hallway . Know how to fire a gun ? Uh , my grandfather took me hunting in gippsland once . So you know how this works ? Uh , why , I-I shot at rabbits . I didn 't hit anything . Same idea , just bigger targets . Judith ! Judith , can you get that ? What is it ? Yes , mr . Harding . Of course I am aware that two of my actives are on an engagement . What sort of house do you think I run ? No , I wasn 't aware that it is a rossum training facility . Of course . I will have them recalled immediately . no , no , no . They 're not in control . I 'm in control . But they can hear you . And I can hear them . It 's a tactical advantage . I know every move they 're gonna make . Target 's acquired . There 's two soldiers , a-team formation . Xm8 assault rifles , Mk23s and flash grenades . They 're about to make an offensive move . I 'm anthony , by the way . You can call me Tony . Priya . Nice to meet you . So you 're from Australia ? Maybe we should save the small talk till after the gunfight . No , it 's good . The more I can remember about me ... us , The easier it is for me to keep them out . You sent Echo and Sierra to retrieve Victor . Someone had to make the call . I ordered you to leave it alone ! I was hoping you wouldn 't remember that conversation . What are you saying ? I 'm saying that you 're a drunk . You 're obsessed with keeping Echo under your thumb . And you 'll do anything you can to keep harding smiling . We may not have agreed in the past , But at least we put this house and the actives first . What happened to that woman ? She 's standing in front of you . No , she 's not . If you don 't find her soon , you 're going to lose control Of this house , and I 'll be the one knocking down your door . I hope it doesn 't come to that , mr . Langton . Your elevation 's off . You keep going high right . I 'm not hitting anything , if that 's what you mean . And I don 't plan to . Casualties acceptable . Move forward . Okay , come on . We got to go . Whoa , whoa ! You don 't want to shoot ! Remember five years ago ? Outside qalat ? It wasn 't that much different than this . We fought side by side . Not against each other . Think about it ! I will shoot you if I have to . Hurry . Group mind disengaged . Eliminate . No ! Keep it together . For me . we just got company . A whole lot . Where ? I don 't see any others . Echo . She 's inside . I knew you were going to do that . And you knew I was going to do that . Surgical room breach . Hostile armed . Only four ? I 'm hurt . Disengage targets . Eliminate target . Fire . Disengage target . Stand down . Eliminate target . Fire . Disengage target . Stand down . Eliminate target . Fire . Disengage target . Stand down . Eliminate target . Fire . Eliminate target . Fire . Echo 's down . We 're alone . We 're on our own . What happened ? They missed . Echo changed their marching orders . Oh . Well , what did she tell them to do ? Go home . Favorite breakfast food ? Pancakes with strawberries . We really have lived another life with each other . Or just had breakfast . I can feel the rest of it just beneath the surface . I wonder if we 'll ever remember everything . I mean , really remember . It doesn 't matter . I wouldn 't mind discovering All these little things about you again . Do you think that was our first kiss ? Out . We 're in the middle of the desert . Out of the car . I don 't have to explain it to you . Take her and go . Um , guys , we don 't all have radios in our head . I can 't take you back to the Dollhouse . You have your original personalities . You found each other . You should leave . Start your life together now . There 's no reason to wait until I free everyone else . There are GPS chips implanted in your bodies . Find them . Cut them out . No , you need our help . She 's not going to change her mind . There 's enough traffic on the main road . Someone will pick you up . I don 't need thanks . I don 't need good-byes . Do us a favor and look us up after you get everyone out . If I get everyone out , you 'll have to look me up . Caroline ... You can 't do this to her ! Really , mr . Langton , sometimes I think You were the one bonded to Echo , Not the other way around . This is going to blow up in all our faces . All of Rossum is chattering About how you singl e - handedly defeated an entire army . Harding was so impressed by your performance That he 's devising ways to turn you into a weapon . Guess we know whose side you came down on . I told him that you 're far too dangerous . There 's no way to control you . But you 're still going to hand me over to him ? No . You 've disrupted countless engagements . Brought alpha into my house . Deceived me With the help of paul ballard . Dragged topher and boyd into the fun . And now Victor and Sierra . You leave a wake of destruction Wherever you go . There is only one place For a doll as irreparably damaged as you . The attic . They say it 's whatever hell you imagine , But I think it 's something far worse . She shouldn 't be able to do that . Welcome to the conspiracy . Can I go back to getting you juice boxes ? What 's the holdup ? Neuromods set for chemical saturation . Ltp depotentiated . Transmag primed . We 're ready . There has to be another way to deal with this . If you don 't want to do this , I can find someone else who does . Even if it means imprinting someone else With your personality . I 'm sorry . No . Send her body to the Attic . Then do the same to Victor and Sierra . Dollhouse.S02E09.720p.HDTV.X264-CTU
