 On the morning of the 1 3th of December ... I was on my way to the office where I worked and something impelled ... me to drive further , and I ended up going to an extinct volcano instead . I stopped my car there and continued on foot up ... to the centre of the crater where I had no particular reason to be . Then I looked up at the sky and saw a flashing light . A stairway was unfolded ... and a being emerged who then explained to me ... that he was one of the Elohim who had created life on Earth a very long time ago . That 's where the story began . And the word ' Elohim ' itself is very important . It is a word found in the Bible . People are shocked when I explain that the Bible ... is the most ancient atheist book in the world . There is no God in the Bible , there is the word Elohim ... which in Hebrew means 'those who came from heaven ' . Naturally , for all primitive beings , what comes from heaven is God . But we 've started to travel in space to escape from this little blue planet ... and we start to understand that there might be life on other planets ... that this life can travel as we do ... and thus one can come from heaven without inevitably being a God . The Elohim explained to us that they had long ago ... attained the same level that we now have on Earth ... and that they have encountered the same problems ... that our scientists are faced with today . What are these problems ? All the ethicists , the ethical committees ... people who are blocked by primitive religious concepts and who say : " You don 't have the right to clone , to utilize the foetus because it 's alive ... you don 't have the right ... " A heap of religious or philosophical considerations , unscientific ... breaking it and block it . And they asked their government : " Let us go elsewhere ; we go to another planet , to be able to pursue our research . " And this was granted to them . They chose the Earth , and that is how they came to create all life on Earth ... starting with unicellular organisms , then multi-cellular , and finally ... as the Bible says : 'Man in their own image ' . They say : " We made them in our image ; one day they will be capable of doing the same thing . " And they loved us . They admired their creation . And they say : " One day we will return . But we have to leave a trace . They have to show proof of when they will be able to understand what we have done . " And the great religions come to being and they all say the same thing ... that one day they will return , when the time is ready . Ready to escape from a primitive world ... ready to stop kneeling and praying before everything that comes from heaven ... but to think and ask : " How does that work ? " And that 's what we 're doing today . Over the past 20 years we 've discovered more than in the whole preceding history . ln the coming 1 0 years , we will discover more ... than in the previous 20 years and all the years preceding that . Then in 5 years , then 2 and a half , then 1 year , 6 months , 3 months ... and at a given moment in a single day ... we will discover more than in humanity 's whole history . And if you add 1 0 years , plus 5 years , plus ... we come approximately to 2025-2030 . So tomorrow , in 15 to 20 years , we 'll know everything . And then they can consider coming back . They would like the embassy , if possible ... to be constructed close to Jerusalem . Why ? Because the first laboratory , where the first humans , Adam and Eve , were made ... was close to Jerusalem . Thus , sentimentally they would like to return to this place where everything began . So we 've asked the Israeli government - means are not a question - for authorization to have this extraterritoriality to build ... what Jewish tradition calls the Third Temple ... exactly what must be constructed by the Messiah to receive Elohim . ln fact , some rabbis are asking ... if indeed this might not be me . And they are right to ask the question .
