 A contaminated batch of halos ? Seriously ? I 've never worn my HALO and I was hallucinating as bad as anyone . We 're in a strange environment . We 're gonna have bad dreams . Donner 's been having it , too . Is that your hallucination ? Can you tell me where it 's coming from ? Here . In this bay . All I 'm showing in Pod 4 is surplus . Does it say who made the delivery ? According to the payload records ... The Burtran Corporation A couple of us could 've died yesterday , and we deserve to know why . What exactly is it that you do here ? I 'm employed by the burtran corporation . She 's working you , Ted . I don 't trust her . Neither should you . Dude , they 've gone fractal . My duty as commander of this ship is to protect the lives of my crew . A big part of that is them knowing exactly what this mission is . What exactly is the mission , Ted ? The answer 's in the storage bay . It 's in pod 4 . You will not enter that storage bay . I am ordering you to stand down . .. : Defying Gravity : .. .. : Defying Gravity : .. .. : S01E09 - Eve Ate The Apple : .. .. : Transcript and Sync by emotion : .. .. : : .. My parents played this song at their wedding . That 's really stupid . Just before they gave the rings away . Unnecessary information . My little cousin was the ringgirl , and she ... She puked on their shoes . - Really ? - Yes , true story . - Her Name 's Curtis , and she ... - Shhh . I don 't have anything . Shut that off . Put it up . It 's probably just garbage . Or not . - Frequency ? - 4,639 Terahertz . Check the interfere matching position . right ascension 23 hours , 39 minutes , declination minus 50 degrees , 41 minutes . Oh , man . Check this . Signal origin ? Mars ? It 's linearly polarised . It 's focused ? Where ? What the hell . There 's another one . 5,327 Terahertz . This one 's coming from the ground . East 20 ° , 52 minutes , 30 seconds . South 24 ° , 40 minutes , 38 seconds . What is that ? South America ? It 's Peru . Looks like nazca . This one 's polarised too . The signals are linked ? 22 Hours , 38 Minutes , 50 degrees , 48,373 Holy communicado ! Okay , we 're gonna need a DOS autocorrelation on both signals . Mars is alpha , Peru is beta . Scanning . There interchangeable . Converse dissemination ? Dude , whatever that mars signal is pointing to in Peru , it 's answering back . When I was a kid , i used to lie on my back and look up to the stars and try to imagine , just what was out there . Aliens or other worlds , maybe some kid with pointy years looking up to the sky like me . and every once in a while i would feel a chill run through me . a realization , that I was just a tiny part of the whole and that it was all so much bigger than me . and that there were so many questions for which I didn 't have answers . not even a clue . - Oh , my god . - What is it ? It 's the craziest thing i 've ever seen . And i 've seen some crazy . This is what 's been causing our hallucinations . Yeah . Have you seen that before ? No , this is the farthest I 've ever made to enter this room . I 've had no idea ... It 's so beautiful . It 's singing . How is it singing ? It 's organic . It looks like molten lava . Definitely . Maybe alive . Did you know about this ? I am as surprised as you are . Ladies and gentlemen , for those who were not cleared before . Welcome to Beta . You are now all security level 12 . Is it radioactive ? It admits low-level gamma . Donner , you might wanna check the door monitor . Look at the way it 's moving . You see how shape is evolving but it stays contained . its maintain that continues moving by falling in on itself , you know what that is my friends ? That 's self similar fractal structured . It 's fractal . It 's a fractal . It 's fractal . - Like my tomatoes ? - Exactly . There 's more of them . There are seven of these containers , only one of them is full . Ted ? Where is that coming from ? I don 't know . It 's not in here . Then where ? Is it coming from Venus ? sound can 't travel in space , how can we be hearing it ? tomatoes don 't grow in fractal patterns , this is ... new science . listen , it 's like they 're talking to each other . so , there 's another object down there ? one on every single of our landing sites we 're gonna be collecting these things , aren 't we ? When did she tell you ? The night you and I came up . 4 years together . I never had a clue . why didn 't they tell us ? you know the party line . - securit ... - Is there more ? Well , if there is I 'm just as much in the dark about it as you are . Antares , they 're ready to start the briefing . Roger that . Today you are presenting our new mission to the world . It 's your coming out party , your introduction to the press , and a opportunity for you to shine . Let me assure you , these guys are ruthless and judgemental It 's first impression time people , and it 's up to you , to make a good one . Think if we shine hard enough , they 'll forget about Mars . Sure worth a shot , baby . 6 years , 7 planets . This is a grand tour through the solar system . 8 Billion miles to explore , sample and analyze data . make sure you cite your own individual areas of expertise and explain , how that will be utilised on the mission . - Good luck explaining that , Wass . - if the press likes you , so will the public . hypothetical nothingness , like your chances for getting on the mission . this is also when corporate sponsors start lining up to pick their pony , so ... smile extra pretty . and good luck. you need it . Nothing like a little pressure . Donner . Neither one of you guys are to speak of any of the press today . if your wanna watch from above , that 's fine , but I don 't want you on the floor . what , we are banned from the floor ? that 's right . we know more about this mission , than any of these ASCANS . Decision is final . Make yourself scarce . Okay , let them in . Well this man is publicly handicapping us for being candidates on this mission yeah , but he 's doing that ever since we started , and it does not even suprise me anymore . Unbelievable . as hard as it is to believe , it 's not about the two of you . Look , you know these guys aren 't gonna let up on Mars . Given the chance , that is all they 're gonna ask you about . Alright so give us the chance , to set the record straight . let the new mission settle in , get them excited about it , than , we bring you guys back in . we want this mission to be successful more than anyone . i know , and i also noticed as far as candidates go , you two are among the strongest we 've got . at least in my mind . which is all you really need to worry about . this has been a dificult and eventful day for all of you we understand that . we know you have many questions and you deserve answers . that 's why we intend to tell you everything known about the beta object so far . I 've got a question . Please , hold your questions . 15 years ago , the hawk creed observatory , a study facility founded by the burtran corportaion , picked up a radio signal coming from mars . it was directed toward the planes of nazca in Peru . almost immediately a second signal was than detected , this time coming from nazca . it became clear that something on those planes was answering back . i think it 's only appropriate that the rest of the story comes from eve , as it ... is her experience . i haven 't a clou . until this point , you 've all been misled about what my role is at ISO . I am here solely because of the object . when i turned 18 i joined the US crisis corp . two years earlier i had lost my entire family to hurrican ophelia and I 've decided to devote my life to relief work and aiding other victims . and as you can imagine , there 's plenty of opportunity . four years later at 22 , i 've found myself in nazca supervising a relief effort . the region had been hit by a series of devastating mudslides and earthquakes . some of you might have heard about it at the time . the damage was catastrophic . villages disappeared . the nazca lines were almost completely destroyed . there was tremendous loss at every level . This is a week 's ration . it 's not a lot but they 'll back on Sunday to give you more . I have something for you too . But you have to share , okay ? the relief efforts were exhausting , as they always were . but the high altitude took an extra toll an all of us . i had a particularly difficult time acclimating i couldn 't eat , but worse , i couldn 't sleep . oh , it 's hard to breathe up here . I swear , i could sleep for an entire week . I settle for a night . at first i assumed it was the altitude , then i started hering this ... music . only at night . usually around 1 or 2 in the morning . seemed to just floating on the land . Eve ? You 're alright ? Do you hear that ? What ? The music , the violin . I don 't hear anything . it sounds like it 's coming from the plateau . the plateau ? there 's nothing on the plateau but rocks and mud . i know . maybe the villagers are doing some kind of anti-rain dance or something . right . the music wasn 't random . in fact i knew it well , it was a song from my childhood . this simple song i used to play on my violin , when i was a kid . one i thought i composed myself . i truly thought i was going crazy . night after night i 'd lie awake , just listening to the sound . unable to fall asleep . i felt so alone . completely and utterly alone . there was noone who truly understand . and i knew that the only thing for me to do , was to find it . i didn 't make any sence , but it didn 't matter . i was compelled , compelled to follow it into the night . it took me up this mountainside onto the high desert plane . it 's a huge area , over 70km ² . and still , very still at night . and than the music , leading me like the pipe piper . about 6km in i stopped . there was nothing unusal about the location , no markers , no lines . the intensitiy of the music was overwhelming it seemed as if the ground underneath my feet was vibrating . so i started to dig . and that 's when they came . that was my introduction to the burtran corporation . your name . Eve Weller . American . I 'm here with the ... I 'm in the nazca crisis corp for the relief effort . the camp is several miles from here . I know . I walked it . In the middle of the night ? Yes . I 'm sure you had a good reason . None at all . you understand , this is a highly restricted area . no , i had no idea . and that the government approvals given us the authority to detain anyone violates that space , for as long as we deem necessary . if you 're trying to frighten me , it 's working . just telll us what you were do . i was hearing music . and i was trying to find it . out there in the middle of the night ? yes . like ... concert in the desert . no . no , it wasn 't like that at all , okay ? there was music coming from in the ground . under the dirt . so if i 'm going crazy , i 'm going crazy lock me up . Show us where it 's coming from . can you still hear ? yes , it 's getting louder . part of me was terrified , part of me was drilled beyond belief , because i knew something was about to happen , something incredible was about to be revealed . than the music from the ground stopped . what is that ? i don 't know . my god . the object was glowing , floating ... it was ... the most sublime thing i had ever seen . and when i laid eyes on it , i felt linked to it . and i knew instantly that ... we , the object and i , were in some way connected . you will never say a word about this to anyone your lover your family , noone can never know . tell me you understand that . i understand . completely . completely . start walking back to camp , Eve Weller , and don 't look back . I didn 't walk . I ran . And at dawn i arrived back at camp . if any of you are like me , you 're probably have trouble sleeping for the next few weeks , trouble eating , and it 's normal after experience something like this , something so profound . I didn 't have anyone to talk to , but you do , so take advantage of that . but you must understand , that like me this must , absolutely must be kept from your friends and family . this cannot at this point in time , be led out into the world . Questions ? Can you tell us what happend to the object after it was uncovered ? Yes , it was taken to Nevada for examination and analysis were it was determined to be organic . although composed of elements not found in our chart . can you reach me the breakdown spectroscopy ? Yes , we can upload the spectro chart and reports . Anything on its movement ? Its shape and movement is mathematically fractal . However , we have no idea how it levitates or why . What about the empty containers in pod 4 ? The beta object , the second object of discovery was on earth in peru . We believe the alpha object is on mars . the source of the original radio signal . That 's two out of seven . five other focused signals have communicated with the beta object over the years . the gamma object is on venus . delta on mercury . Epsilon on europa . Zeta on the rings of saturn und Eta on the surface of pluto . And i 'm gonna hazard to guess that it 's gonna be our job to pick these things up . Yes . That is the primary goal of the Antares mission . Mind if I asked another obvious question ? What 's that Barnes ? What are we do with these objects after we collect them ? That 's the leap of faith here , either the objects are going to tell us , or we have to figure it out . Why didn 't you tell me ? Believe me I wanted to , I hated lying to you . It was killing me . And I hated leaving you alone up there . That 's what you were trying to tell me when you left . Yeah . I wanted to go back with you . You couldn 't Jen . It choose you . And what about you and Ajay and your heart plaque ? For some reason it ... they wanted Donner and Ted . I don 't feel choosen . You are . Trust me . You 're the biologist on this mission , this could be you legacy , Jen . I mean you have alway talked about finding live somewhere else , but this is it . Did you ever see it ? Yeah . Yeah , a couple times . What did it look like to you ? It looked like what it looks like . And did it ever communicate with you ? No , it didn 't . I 'm , I guess it wasn 't enough time . I guess . Hey , I 'm here for you . No , you 're not , Rollie . You 're 38 million kilometres away . And what are you think of your chances to make the crew ? I think there strong . Of course , I leave that up to my lord and savior . Sounds like an oxymoron , a praying scientist ? The more I learn about intricacies of our universe , the greater my faith becomes . As a geologist I 'm excited by the opportunity to find an intangible link between us and our neighbouring planets . Well , I am a theoretical physicist , so , uhm , i 'll just be one for the ride , i guess . To explore how far men can push himself physically , mentally ... Discovering alien life forms has always been a personal dream of mine . Probably not a good idea to spend too much time in here . Ted says it throughs off radiation . What do you think it wants from us ? No idea . You know , Eve was talking about being connected to it . I kept thinking about the dream , our dream . Yeah . Yeah . You think that 's what this is gonna lead ? That would be messed up . There has to be ... some sort of plan here . Doesn 't there , Donner , some reason for all of this ? There has to be . Enough , it 's driving me crazy . It 's a fractal . Fractal object . Fractal tomato , fractal music . That 's gonna be the language of the universe . It 's not what I came up here to do , they should have told us . Yeah , but think about it , what if this happening before we left ? Do you think the world is ready for alien objects , that screw with your head and sing ? For spending 10 Trillion tax Dollars for an intergalactic scavenger hunt ? - This isn 't intergalactic . - And it isn 't alien . Well whatever it is , if it leaked out , we talking stock market crashes , people jumping off from bridges , this could lead to disaster . Only for those who don 't believe . " The lord shall roar from on high and utter His voice from His holy habitation . " What 's that Paula ? Jeremiah 25 : 30 . The trumpet blast of the lord . It 's the coming of the rapture . Don 't you see ? It 's what this is . It 's what it has to be . Is that what your little blackbook tolds you ? Those that here the lords trumpet will be saved , and those they don 't will be damned . If it 's your lord , will you please tell him to shut up ? There is much written about Vimana , flying machines from ancient times that were set to fly from bornio to what is now Peru , to Nazca . You 're serious ? There 's actually a translation of the Vedas that speaks of jumping into space speedily with a craft , using fire and water . So you think this is a good thing ? You don 't ? They don 't even know what they 're going to do with them . Sometimes it 's about the journey . I 've always believed that , despite what we might have wanted We are on our destined paths , Arnel . And this ... this is what we 're supposed to do . And you 're both engineers , yes ? And thrilled to be here . Space is in our blood . That 's all well and good and it sounds like a terrific adventure but can 't robots be designed to do the same job with less risk and for less money ? It 's men 's destiny to reach out into the universe . - Regardless of cost ? - It is an obligation . - Despite the recent failure on mars ? - It is an obligation . Mars proprietary landingside . Ajay , are you there ? This has been quite a day , Maddux . Yeah , well , it 's still going . We 're gonna need each other more than ever , Ajay . Yes , i believe that as well . So listen , I 'm up here on the flightdeck , I 'm trying to make sense of this new mission do we have new landingsites ? Because I 'm looking at mars and ... They probably haven 't uploaded the new sites yet . - Can you check on that ? - Roger that . How 's everybody taking it down there ? Sometimes new paths require a change in step But we 'll adjust . Is there more ? What do you mean ? Is there more that you 're hiding from us , Eve ? And do you know what these things want from us ? Or maybe , maybe I have another husband , family in Italy or something ? - No . - I feel like I barely know you . No , listen . You have to believe me . There 's nothing . Okay ? I 'm done hiding things . All I wanna do now , is help . You know , we are all really confused about this idea of being choosen . Now , maybe you can tell the crew how you dealt with it . when they took the object away , i thought that was the end of it you know , that my connection from it would fade . nothing was further from the truth . - Eve , everything okay ? - Yeah . in a way it was worse , you know , i was weak , sick , i felt like a piece of me was missing . you know , something i 've been thrown away . I 've brought you some soup . Eve ? You have to eat something you 're hurting yourself . Yeah , well , i didn 't care an . All I felt was just pain and this consuming loneliness . And the violin music that the object made you hear , would you call it a hallucination ? Yes . Yes , like you all were experiencing . It seems to communicate that way . We know it was personal to you , since it was from your childhood , but ... do you have a deeper association of guilt involved with it ? The reason I asked is that my hallucinations were deeply routed in personal guilt . I started playing the song , just this simple melody when I was about 4 years old on my father 's violin . I was told I made it up , uh ... I don 't actually remember composing it . My father was a pick-up musician in New Orleans . So , we had beat up instruments all over the house . I was particularly drawn to the violin . When I picked it up an started playing it , my father declared me a child prodigy . He started giving me lessons . By six , I was playing baroque . And nine , i auditioned for Julia . ( Julia Music Performing Arts School ) They gave me a full scholarship and that fall , i left for New York . - You know about any of this ? - Just bits and pieces . It was a lonely way to grow up . You know , I 'd see my family on holidays and a week or two in the summer , but the violin was my life . And every time I picked it up , I felt compelled to play my little song . When I was 16 , I was invited to Lincoln Center to play with the Philharmonic . And my family was trying to make it up to see me , when hurricane orphelia hit . The , uhm , the ordeals levee broken , they all drowned . So , was there guilt involved , Dr. Mintz ? I would say a great deal . Which is why I put the violin down for good , and why I tried to get that stupid song out of my head . And why I was so deeply disturbed when the object try to serenade me with it . It knows of my guilt , Dr. Mintz . It knows . And it probably knows all of yours . I didn 't even have a hallucination yet . Oh , that 's freaking me out . Look , nobody has to tell me what their hallucinations were , but i would like to know if there were guilt related . Donner ? Yeah . Yeah , mine too . I guess mine . I haven 't had one . All my sins are forgiven , I have no guilt . - You led that slide ? - For now . But if that 's a common link , it could be key in helping us understand what it wants us to do . Well , I 've been waiting 13 years , to have that question answered . Ever since they came to get me . The Object seems to be dieing , to be shutting down . Some of our people think , it may have something to do with its seperation from you . We need you to come back with us . You guys wether we like it or not , we are all connected to each other and to the object . There 's no getting away from it . There 's no escape . So i guess we 're all drafted . But there 's no easy way home , is there ? Drafted into what ? Noone knows anything this isn 't a mission , it 's a fairytale . And what 's it going to do to the science ? - This is science . - Deep science . So who we just suppose to give up all of the work we have planing to doing ? Nobody said that , Jen . - Goss said that the objects were the primary . - Of course they are . Yeah , and that 's great . You know , that 's exciting . We 've all been choosen , what the hell that means . - But I came up here with some goals . - And noone saying you have to give them up . Alright then fine , you know what , so someone tolds me otherwise , i have work to do . Give her some space . What , it 's too nice a date to be wearing the weight of the world , isn 't it ? Must be having some serious problems in there to lock the press out . We had a solar flare drill . And a few glitches we 're working them out . And that 's about where the press release ended . That 's all you gonna get from me . You know , this flight of Antares it 's a big ticket item , has a great deal of public funding in this project , tax dollars that could have gone elsewhere . Social programs have suffered , infrastructure , relief and aid to many countries has been shut down . and all for some gran tour of the solar system . Now , i don 't know about you , but i think because of the investments and sacrifice the public has a right to be kept informed , don 't you ? We 're not the enemy , Arnel . It 's the process thing , i mean you get hit with big news and like ... it takes time to settle in . Just what if it expected her to handle it differently ? I mean , I remember the first time i heard about sex , Third grade , Jimmy Novak told me over lunch , and I was like , No way ! He puts his what in her how-now ? You know , but after mid i accepted it . CAN 'T EAT BOLOGNA SANDWICHES ANYMORE , THOUGH . NO WAY . You 're so disgusting . do we have an update on the landingsites yet ? I 've been informed that the LS coordinates will be uplinked on the planet by planet bases . So permission not granted . That 's a shocker . There 's no reason given . Believe me damn sure there is a reason . Perhaps it 's to keep your attention on venus , Donner . I think that might be exactly it . Why after all of this revelation , would they be withholding the landingsite coordinates for the other objects ? Eve said their not holding anything else back now . Well , then I think the two of you need to have another talk . Why bother ? You can probably retrieve them on your own . When you had your GNC glitch on the venuslander , it kept switching to the tertiary landing site So ? That 's the LS , they 've given us to pick up the venus object . Programmers are lazy . I bet the tertiary site on all of the landers is for the objects . She 's not only beautiful , she 's a genius . But why do you need that now ? Because I got a real ugly feeling in the pit of my stomach . And it just get worse . 14.6 ° South , 135.7 ° East . Gusev Crater . We 're going back , Ted . We 're going back to the old place of Mars . All these years we 've been telling ourselves , that these two missions have nothing to do with each other , This is history repeating itself . We were there to pick up the alpha object . Donner , this doesn 't track . Burtran had nothing to do with the last mission . How do we know that ? Eve didn 't join ISO until years later . How do we know that ? She lied to everybody about beta including you . Okay , so why didn 't they tell us this , when we 're on mars . They didn 't have to tell us . We 're the driver and the repairman . Goss knew , Walker knew , Sharon knew . That 's what they were doing . That 's what they were doing when the rover broke down . So you 've both been lied to by your women , it doesn 't change anything . We don 't know that . We don 't know what we could have done . That 's why I 've been seeing the marsian storm . What ? What your hallucination ? I 've been seeing Sharon and Walker . If the objects are keen on our guilt or shame , then you have to pursue it . It won 't be easy , get them talking about it , open them up . Become a father confessor ? I guess , in Paula 's terms . Maybe we 're supposed to embrace our weakness in order to overcome it . Mintz , science lab . Apparently Jen has lost it . That 'll keep us in ketchup for a while . Oh , she cut them down . The fractals , man , she cut them down . Why Jen ? There tomato plants do you have any idea how much of our watersupply they were sucking up ? Poets would tell you that science diminishes the beauty of the stars by reducing them to superheated balls of gas . What are these ? Our new credentials . We 're level 12 now . But i don 't think there is a scientist alive who didn 't awed by the heavens . We 're all just kids lying on our backs on the lawn looking up to the sky wondering where we fit in . We don 't seek answers to diminished nature . We seek answers to discover who we are . And if our search takes us to unfamiliar , frightening places ... we trust that nature will help us find a way out . You 're okay ? I 'm fine . Just processing . Do you feel connected to it , Zoe ? Yeah . Yeah , I do . It is beatiful , isn 't it ? Amazing .
