 You were right . The world cannot be saved . The last people have escaped Earth and are coming up here . But we are bursting at the seams as it is . The epidemics are spreading faster and faster . I can 't keep up . People are dying in my arms . I applied for a job as a doctor on a cargo ship . Four years to get there and four years to come back . I 'll spend most of the time in cryo-sleep . This one flight and I 'll have enough money to get to Rhea . Then we 'll finally be together again . Did you hear me , my dear sister ? I have to go . I want to go to Rhea . And finally see you and the children again . Dr Laura Portmann ? Anna Lindbergh , first officer . Welcome aboard . Everybody listen . Miyuki Yoshida , system administrator . This loudmouth here is Vespucci . Thankfully , Prokoff doesn 't talk that much . Dr Portmann . Station 42 will be upgraded to a transport hub . It 's in the Orth 's Cloud , half way to Proxima , and it is in a stable orbit around RH278 . The autopilot is activated . Because of all the recent terror attacks , the temporary government passed a law requiring every ship to have a sky marshal . Damn snitches . Allegedly the " Maschinenstürmer " are preparing for major sabotage acts . This ship 's already decaying , no one is going to sabotage it . It Samuel Decker . Space Security Agency . We 'll seal the cargo compartment in 30 minutes . If you want to get to know someone , you 'd better do it now . At 0200 the engines will start . At 0230 we 'll meet in the cryo-chambers . Have a nice journey . According to Resolution 278 of the RBS , there will be sky marshals even on cargo flights from now on . Just consider me to be part of the crew . This is an information video of the TSA . At no time since the great collapse has the threat of a terrorist attack been as great as it is now . Klaus Bruckner is still on the run after yet another terrorist attack . This man is responsible for the latest bombings on stations 20 , 23 and 24 . While claiming responsibility for the current attacks , he keeps on propagating the messages of the " Maschinenstürmer " . Where do we live ? In machines ! What are we producing ? Machines ! Our enemy is the TSA . There will be no peace as long as technology is ruling us . Down with the machines ! Down with the stations ! Because of the latest events , the TSA ordered , ... to ensure the safety of ship and crew , ... that every flight be accompanied by a security officer . Support the sky marshal in his duty and ... Once again , the order of everybody 's shifts : Duration : eight and a half months at a time . I 'll take the first one . Then Lindbergh , Yoshida , Vespucci , Prokoff , Portmann . At the end , to deploy the cargo , Lindbergh again . And if you should have a problem , feel free to knock on Decker 's tank . 3 YEARS AND 8 MONTHS LATER Dear Laura , I 'm sending you some sunshine from Rhea . I haven 't held you in my arms for such a long time . It 's not good that you 're doing cargo flights . We 're worried . People are saying that the " Maschinenstürmer " are getting more and more aggressive . But what do you expect us to believe from four-year-old information ? I don 't even want to think about what could 've happened in the meantime . I really hope that you are doing well . Please stay in touch . See you soon . I miss you . Dear Ariane , I miss you too . You can 't imagine how incredibly cold it is here . I 'll show you some pictures of the mess I got myself into . Well , just two months left until the end of my shift . We are four light years from Earth now , and we are transporting material to build a station , so that one day we will be able to fly to Proxima . Allegedly there are inhabitable planets there too . I really want to be with you . Please don 't worry , I 'm doing fine . See you soon . What are you doing here ? Someone opened the cargo airlock . I was automatically woken up . Why did you open up the gate ? You know that entering the cargo area is strictly forbidden . There is something down there , in the cargo-airlock . - That 's impossible . - There is something behind the port . We have to wake the crew immediately . No , the cryo-sleep phases must be adhered to . But why don 't you show it 10 me ? The rules say , that under exceptional circumstances we have to wake up the captain . It seems as though Dr Portmann isn 't able to handle loneliness very well . I 'm sorry that we 've had to wake you . Let 's just hope that you are sure . The suits have been thrown around because of the over-pressure . The compartment was open several times during your shift . I hope for you that this was just a technical failure . Let 's go . The cargo compartment is split up into nine sectors . You take A to C. You take D to F. And I 'll take the rest . Shouldn 't we stay together ? I don 't want to stay overnight We 'll stay in contact . The containers are all locked . That is correct . You should know that , Decker . Didn 't find anything suspicious till now . Except that we are not fully loaded . Over . Me neither . Roger . Keep searching . Over . Lacroix , Laura here . Lacroix ! Fuck ! Decker ? Decker ! - What happened ? - I think Lacroix 's fallen down . - Where are you ? - In sector E4-20 . - I 'm going down to sector G. - I 'm coming . Lacroix , do you hear me ? Lacroix , do you hear me ? - Is he alive ? - We must get him out of the cold now . The gate ! According to the regulations , I 'll be in command of the ship . Prokoff , Vespucci , fix the gate . The cargo compartment must be sealed as soon as possible . Yoshida , verify all entries in the main computer and check for suspicious activities . And you will examine Lacroix 's corpse . I want to know the exact cause of death . Start recording . Multiple rib fractures . Craniocerebral injury . Apparently caused by a fall from a great height . Time of death : a few minutes after the impact . I thought we were transporting construction materials . That 's what I thought too . - What 's wrong with the gate ? - Fucking everything . It 's stuck and the gears seem to be broken too . It must 've been here . Sealed . I have Lacroix 's badge . A child . It 's a child . All containers are full of humans . Vespucci , Prokoff . Yes ? Please come to sector F7-21 . Why the hell are we transporting humans to Station 42 ? What 's up now ? Shit ! Get moving ! Go , go , go ! Laura ! What 's going on in here ? The containers are full of humans . The cargo is the shipping company 's business . Lacroix was murdered . Lacroix opened the door and because it 's under gauge pressure he was hurled into the abyss . Someone set the containers in motion and we almost got killed . The containers are moved periodically to prevent them from freezing . That 's why it 's forbidden to be in the cargo compartment . Somebody 's on board the ship . He killed Lacroix and almost got us . Did you know that there were humans in the containers ? This tank will be returned immediately . This is a human being ! As a doctor , I am responsible for the people on board and I will examine this girl now . Exactly what I was thinking . And furthermore I am authorized to investigate any incident on this ship . The containers with the tanks may have something to do with Lacroix 's death . Then do your duty . But you can be sure that I will report this incident . Inspecting tank . Starting record . I 'm not getting any usable scans from the abdomen . I 'm switching 10 high frequency . HF scans in the head area possible . The girl shows some minor brain activity . I suspect a coma caused by cryo-sleep . Stopping record . Did you find anything ? It will take some time before I have the results . Can I help ? Yes , maybe . The tank is blocking the scanner and it 's secured with an electronic lock . Did you find anything ? I need anything you can find on Decker . There 's something wrong with him . He should be on our side . - And ? - An asymmetric RSA encryption . Could take some time . What do you know about Station 42 ? An unmanned station . It is officially being upgraded to a transport hub for ships heading 10 Proxima . And unofficially ? Why did you enlist for this mission ? I need money , that 's it . - You want to go to Rhea ? - Yes . - Why ? - My sister lives on Rhea . She won a visa to Rhea seven years ago . She 's living our dream . Probably the automatic sorting again . And if there 's something on board after all ? Fuck it ! Let 's just try to fix this mess as soon as possible . Starting record . The girl 's brain is marbled with an inorganic tissue . Entry of the tissue into the body . Cervical C4 , cervical vertebra . Looks as if it were ingrown . Or pitted . A VR connector . Apparently a perfected one . I 've never seen anything like this . We could connect her to an external system . That 's much too dangerous . That could result in irreparable neural damage . It 's the only way to get more information about the access . Under no circumstances . I will not risk this child 's life . Very well . Let 's keep the results of this examination between us for now . OK ? Hi , Hanna . There 's so much going on that I would like to share with you . Why are we so far apart ? It takes ages for messages to arrive . I just don 't understand what 's happening on board any more . We found a girl in the cargo compartment . I 'm trying to help her . We 'll see each other soon and then I 'll tell you everything . I was so delighted to receive your message ! It 's so good to hear your voice and know that you 're alive . You found a girl ? I don 't get it . I 'd like to talk to you properly . Why does it take so long for our messages to arrive ? Laura , listen . We don 't want you to do any more cargo flights . Come directly to Rhea . You could stay with us for a while . We 'll prepare a room for you and ... I look forward to seeing you . Soon you 'll be with us . I don 't understand what 's happening here . How is it possible for my sister to answer so quickly ? Why do you have knowledge of neural accessing ? Why shouldn 't I tell anybody about the examination ? What do you know about the people in the tanks ? Who the hell are you ? Everybody report to the bridge immediately . Yoshida scanned all log entries and compared them with the backup . She discovered that a crew member manipulated the log files of the cryo-chambers . Why didn 't you tell us that you 've been woken on a regular basis ? It 's part of my duties to check the ship periodically . So you 're not denying you left the chambers without our knowledge . No , that is correct . Where were you when Lacroix died ? I knew it ! Damn snitch ! I was in sector F5-17 . And I do not owe you an explanation for what I 'm doing for the RBS . Arrest him . Put your weapon down ! I have immunity . You know that Not if you 're suspected of murder Put your weapon down ! I might 've believed you if you hadn 't resisted . Vespucci , how much more time do you need for the gate ? 48 hours . Dr Portmann , return the tank to the cargo compartment immediately . That 's impossible . I gave the patient a drug that regresses the filaments in her brain . She 's not stable . She can 't be returned . That 's none of my concern ! I want that tank returned before the gate is fixed . This is an order ! Do you understand ? - Get him to the cryo-chambers . - He must go to the medical ward first . I must treat his wounds or the blood will contaminate the cooling fluid . You 're doing a good job . Did you receive another message from your sister ? Vespucci to the medical ward , please . Laura ! Laura , wait ! We 're not going to Station 42 . Where are we going then ? To Rhea . Could you do me a favour ? Could you have a look to check if we 're really heading for Station 42 ? And ? I was on the bridge and logged into the system . The target coordinates of our flight are well protected , but I can tell you for certain that we are not heading for Station 42 . And it 's also a fact that it 's impossible to change the coordinates during the journey . They can only be entered prior to departure . I 'm trying to find out where else we might be going But that means that Decker was definitely not able to change the coordinates . How long does it take for a message to get from here to Rhea ? Forever , as usual . Several years ? My sister answered me within 20 minutes . If that 's true , then Lindbergh lied to us . Only she has the logins for the target coordinates . Decker told me that we are going to Rhea . Hey , hey , hey , look who 's here ! The gate 's been fixed . And so Prokoff and I are throwing a little party in the squad rooms . - I don 't have time . I 've got work to do . - And what about our little party ? Thanks for your help ! But you 're coming , right ? We have heated the room just for this event . You won 't stay that long either , right ? The last doctor left afterwards for Rhea Yours truly will never be able to afford that . Doesn 't even taste that shitty ! Probably the radiator . What are you doing ? The party isn 't over yet . I 'll get Yoshida some tea too . OK , but hurry . And make sure Lindbergh doesn 't notice anything . She 'd ruin our party . Don 't worry , I 'll be right back Decker ... That son of a bitch is gone . If I get my hands on him ... He was woken up manually . Someone must 've let him out . So we have a stowaway on board after all . Shit ! We 'll search the whole ship . You go with Portmann . I 'll go with Prokoff . We 'll start in the main section . I 'll lock all cargo bay access . If we find nothing , we 'll search the rest . The medical ward is clear . What 's your situation ? Nothing so far . We 're at the sluice . It 's coming from below . Let 's check out the lower deck . Looks like we got him . He must be in this duct . OK , you get in there . I 'll come from the other side . We 'll kick his ass . Once he notices I 'm in front of him , he 'll have to turn around . If you see him , shoot him . Boom ! Over and done with ! The bastard ... He killed Yoshida and Lacroix . Don 't forget that . ... blow up ... Everything grows again , like it used to . We 've been lied to from the very beginning . These plants here are edible . The greenhouses keep out the acid rain . We purify our own water in underground tanks . We ' re completely independent from the system . And we continue to grow stronger . More and more people join us every day . Freeze ! Laura . Thank God , you 're alive . - Vespucci ! - Calm down . - Where the hell were you ? - We have everything under control . - We got him . - Did you fire a gun ? - Who is that ? - Bruckner . What was your plan ? Stop acting like a hero ! Bruckner is dead . Who are you trying to protect ? Rhea ... is a simulation , a lie . - The people in the tanks ... - Bullshit . Their brains are being used as neural units to create the simulation . We talk to the people on Rhea all the time . Kuiper is lying to all of humanity . - Everything is covered up . - Get him out of here . If people knew that parts of Earth are habitable again , the whole system would break down . You killed him , didn 't you ? He cracked up . He killed Lacroix . And Yoshida ? Take him away . - How 's your little patient ? - Good . I think we can move her back into the cargo hold . Excellent . Prokoff and Vespucci will give you a hand . Then we can finally close the hold and you can go into cryo-sleep . I will take over your shift So you know about Rhea . The simulation is only temporary . Settlement on Rhea was a failure from the get-go . Our changes to the planet 's ecosystem caused unforeseen consequences . We will find another planet . And we won 't repeat the mistakes we made on Rhea . But until then , people need something to keep them alive . And that thing is hope What happens to those who find out they 're living in a simulation ? The simulation is perfect . I was there myself . It 's impossible for anyone to notice anything . Why are you doing all this ? You just don 't get it . Soon we 'll be on Rhea . But you and your saboteur won 't make it there alive . No one will care about the deaths of the people who murdered the captain . Did you know that we were going to Rhea ? But Rhea is a simulation ... Who cares ? Better than staying on this piece of junk . What about all my plants ? You idiot , there will be more plants than you could ever dreamed of . On Rhea , there is everything . Everything ! I couldn 't tell you the truth . Laura , there are many reasons not to trust me . But we ' re the only ones who can finish this mission . Will you help me ? Will you help me get my sister out of there ? We need two people . It 's impossible to enter the simulation on your own . We 'll dock at Station 42 according to plan . We can delay the unloading procedure by 30 minutes . Kassandra will then unload automatically . Laura and I will fly to the station and log into the system right here . How 's that going to work ? The hardware used for the simulation is here , in the connection modules . I will connect Laura to the simulation here on the main module . She will send a message from Rhea to Earth . In the meantime , I will look for her sister 's tank . When we 're done , we 'll blow up the transponder of the main antenna . The station itself stays fully operational , which means everyone will keep living in the simulation . But they won 't be able to send any messages . Laura 's message will be the last I hope people back home will believe us . STATION 42 ORBITING RH278 Is Earth really habitable again ? We 've had three expeditions . Nature is rampant . It is reclaiming everything . Whole cities are overgrown up to the second floor . I 'll take Ariane back to Earth There are millions of tanks , Laura . Even if we do find her ... I don 't know what state she 'll be in . She 's been in the simulation for a long time . We have to try . I want to show her Earth . - Has this interface been used before ? - No , it 's a prototype . It works like a neural connection for the simulation . Don 't be scared . 27 minutes . Hey , don 't you think we should ... ? What ? I 'm doing this for you and me , the two of us ! I will not pass up this chance . We 'll throw some guys out of their tanks and go in ourselves . Once the ship is unloaded , we 'll be on Rhea ! Goddamn it . Prokoff . Can you hear me ? I have Lindbergh 's badge . Reprogram the unload timer to 10 minutes , got it ? Otherwise the other guys will make it back and the containers won 't be unloaded , and we won 't be on Rhea . We have to hurry . Let 's meet in the cargo hold , OK ? Decker ? Can you hear me ? I have problems with my fuel cell . Decker ? Decker ! Laura ? The cell is ... under no circumstances open the gate ... Rhea , here we come ! Laura ... find ... cell found nothing ... I don 't think ... good idea ... where you are ... I 'm trying to find Ariane 's tank . Laura ... copy ... ? Decker ? Can you hear me ? Decker ! I can 't control my thrusters any more ! I 'm drifting off ! Decker ! Where are you ? Decker ! Where are you ? I can see you . I 've found Ariane 's tank . It 's impossible . I 'm sorry . I want to see her . Set the module to my sister 's simulation . I 'll send the message from there . OK . The Kassandra ! Prokoff and Vespucci ... Those idiots ! That means we have seven minutes at most . I 'll get you out manually . OK . Look how beautiful we have it here . Finally you can actually see it . Finally ... And your room is almost ready too ! You look beautiful . Come in . I 'll show you everything . Children , look who 's here ! Laura , are you crying ? Ariane , I 'll be right back . What 's wrong ? I love you , Ariane . Laura , where are you going ? Laura ! My name is Laura Portmann . This is the last message from Rhea . Rhea is not paradise . Rhea is a simulation . We will provide proof . We were all betrayed . Everything about Rhea is a lie . We don 't need Rhea . We still have Earth . Earth is habitable again Nobody will ever have contact with Rhea again . We 're destroying the antennae now . - Do you hear me ? - Yes . Good , we must hurry . The Kassandra could launch at any time . - You have to go back on your own . - On my own ? Yes . - I 'm not leaving without you . - You have to . We won 't make it with just one jetpack . I gave you my fuel cell . It has enough fuel to get you to the Kassandra . I 'm not leaving without you . Go back to the girl . She 's our only proof . Go . I can 't ! - You can . - No . I love you . Where 's the girl ? No one will be able to send messages from Rhea now . My name is Laura Portmann . This is the last message from Rhea . Rhea is not paradise . Rhea is a simulation . We will provide proof . We were all betrayed . We don 't need Rhea . We still have Earth . Earth is habitable again . Nobody will ever have contact with Rhea again . We 're destroying the antennae now .
