 All I know about the temple is that you blew ten innocent people to pieces . Yeah . It might be hard for you to believe but we all feel sick about it . It 's tragic . There 's no other word for it . Centurions overreacted . But I think if you 're honest with yourself , you 'll admit that it wasn 't entirely our fault . That 's bullcrap . We have always left your temple alone . Never dreamed of sending centurions there until someone decided to hide weapons in it . We didn 't shoot those people , you did . True . And I accept full responsibility for that . But bringing instruments of death into a house of worship is a sin . Don 't you agree ? Think about it , James . Whoever hid those weapons in there must have known we 'd catch wind of it . Maybe they even leaked the information to us . Maybe they wanted it to happen . - Why ? - Because some people are afraid of peace . Afraid to stop fighting . Afraid of what they might be without it . But you 're not one of those people , are you James ? You 'd like to put all this bloodshed behind you . Get a place of your own one day , a farm maybe . A wife , kids , a life . - Who wouldn 't ? - Well it 's not impossible , it could happen . It could happen , for you , for me , for all of us . How ? Individuals like you and I have to be brave enough to demonstrate there is a better way . Others are already doing it . That juice comes from farms right here on New Caprica where cylons and humans are working together . Growing things instead of killing each other . The power grid is almost complete , so is the water system . Thanks to your engineering teams and ours . And when we can finally have human beings policing the streets instead of centurions we will ... So , so that 's what all this is about ? You want me to join the New Caprica Police ? That 's never going to happen , I 'm not a frackin collaborator . I 'm not asking you to be . All I 'm asking is that you help me prevent another tragedy like the temple shooting . How am I supposed to do that ? Show this at the gate then you 'll be able to see you right away . If you hear of anything that could lead to more bloodshed , get ahold of me . Maybe the two of us can find a way to stop more innocent people from being killed . Trailer Season 3 SPOILER INSIDE ! In a fight to protect our future , we must confront our past . The lies we 've told , the decisions we 've made , the people we 've loved . As the struggle for survival continues we can 't face our enemies until we face ourselves . Some things you just don 't do , Colonel . Not even in war .
