 The Resistance - Webisode 1 Here you go . One more for the road ? Keep off the cold and wet ? Oh , no . Not for me . Curfew 's in twenty minutes , the sun 's going down even quicker . The last thing I wanna do is spend the night in a cylon jail cell . Cylon 's show up to help us , first thing they do is build a jail . He 's so beautiful . You two should have one ! We 're working on that ! Great work if you can get it ! - Thanks ! Bye . - Bye , be safe . We need to find you a lady , buddy , you 're starting to walk funny . Yeah , if Nora has a sister , I 'm there ! Sorry , I can 't help you ! Story of my life ! Oh , no , no , no , no , no , we uh , we quit . If we 're gonna have a baby , we gotta clean up our act . You hear about Longo ? No , what ? Toasters got him . Found his weapons stash . You think Duck 'll bite ? Jammer 's finding out right now . At least the cylon 's didn 't get them all . Longo had these hidden under his latrine . This is all that 's left ? This is fracking pathetic . If this keeps up , we 'll have nothing but rocks left to throw at the bastards . Yeah . And nobody to throw 'em . They shot him in cold blood ? Toasters claim when they found his stash , he was reaching for his gun . What ? Charlie 's not that stupid . Those frakkers murdered him . Gods ! Poor Charlie . Hiding weapons in his tent ? What does he expect . And now they want us to do their dirty work for them ? Are you kidding me ? New Caprica police ? What a bunch of crap ! Some people say it 's a good thing . Get the Centurions off the streets and let us patrol in ourselves ? Maybe Charlie would still be alive if they had human ... No matter how you try to swing this , you work for the toasters , it 's treason . That 's it . Lets go . Oh hell . Hey ! I forgot my hat back at the Chief 's . - I 'll see you later . - All right . - See ya man . - Yeah . What do you think about him being a Godfather ? - Yeah . - Yeah ? It 's bedtime ... Adama 's not gonna have a hope of getting us off this rock if we don 't put together an effective fighting force . We 'll have to keep these here until we find a better hiding place . - Colonel , I 've got a wife , a newborn . - We 'll move them as soon as we can . Well ? Duck hates the toasters , no doubt about that . He 's also an ex-Viper jock with forty kills ! Talk to him , make him understand that we need him ! Throw in some poetic crap about the struggle for liberty against the cylon oppressors , whatever it takes ! We need more people or this resistance movement is going to die in it 's crib . Trailer Season 3 SPOILER INSIDE ! On behalf of the people of the Twelve Colonies , I surrender . Galactica is not coming back , just accept that . If we go back to New Caprica now , it 's over . Some things you just don 't do , Colonel . Not even in war . Let me out ! Did you hear that ? Get your men ready ! If there 's no boundaries for the cylons , there 's no boundaries for us . Our children need to know that some people fought back . Battlestar Galactica premieres Friday October 6th at 9 on SciFi .
