 We 're here ! 114 ) } No Entry right ? Even an elementary schooler wouldn 't choose to film in a place like this . { Removed the ellipse at the end - Nazo } Only idiots would . { Orig - " Except for the idiots . " I just changed it since it doesn 't really fit grammarically . And pretty much this is what he 's saying anyway - Nazo } What are you doing ? Hurry up and climb over ! I seem to have forgotten that this person is an idiot . you hurry up too . This fence is a little too high to climb over . Don 't you agree ? Eh ? I guess it 's gotten pretty old already . { Err ... what 's " Euh ? " Maybe " Oh " would fit metter ... - Nazo } Am I going to be playing a kappa or something ? there was no fence here . Lots of people used to fall in ! Editor-chan . } { ZekeS : it does work if the pronoun " they " applies to the ones who installed the fence as opposed to the SOS brigade ... } { Ooraka = easy-going as well . So that makes even more sense - Nazo } 374 ) } leave Earth ... at once ... 48 ) } The Sigh of Suzumiya Haruhi IV Mikuru finds herself in an increasingly desperate situation . Her blue beam 's been nullified by Yuki . Yep ! This is good ! hold this . are you ready ? Yes . You 're too quiet ! Yes ! I feel your pain . then ! And ... Action ! Th-Th-Th-This is not going to make me run away ! E-Evil alien Yuki-san ! G-Give up and leave Earth at once ! Cut ! He is of great value to us . We need his powers to invade Earth . Cut ! I-I won 't allow you to do that ! Even if I have to give up my life ! Cut ! You 're finally getting into it ! Keep it up ! come here for a second . Yes ? it 'd be nice if we could pack up before rumors start spreading amongst the locals . Is this what video cameras are like these days ? So there are lots of funny clips of Mikuru in here ? It 's not really that funny . given the circumstances } Sorry for the delay . The real thing starts now ! Look ! Check this out ! What kind of nightmare is this ? ! Is she trying to repeat yesterday 's disaster ? Mikuru-chan . the proper noun would be Miracle Miruku Eye R. } { I think it 's " Miracle Mikuru Eye R ! " - Nazo } Choose whatever you like and attack ! { ZekeS : switched shoot to choose to avoid redundancy ! } { I think " Shoot out whatever you like and attack ! " may be better - Nazo } N-Nagato-san ! Yuki ! You 're a magician ! Even if you 'd rather do pro wrestling ... Check fine timing around this - Nazo } I don 't think it would be all that hard to sell ¬ _ ¬ } Kyon ! Make sure you get this since it 's Yuki 's own idea ! It 's not an idea . This is crazy . { ZekeS : with the hip motions too ? ¬ _ ¬ } since I had to retime it _ - Nazo } Center on the target and hit the switch ... this is wrong ! It 's wrong ! { Added the 2nd line - Nazo } Please leave the Earth ! We lost the contact lens again . { Singular " lens " since it 's only one - Nazo } I originally decollimated the laser to render it harmless . sorry . ( 超振動性分子があった ) } It was something like a monofilament . { ZekeS : no it wasn 't } What did you ... Um inject into me this time ? I was able to change the phase and period of the dimensional vibrations and set up a gravitational field on the surface of your body . { ZekeS : originally " the body " - was I right ? : X } { Changed " using a capable tooth " to " with a tooth able to do so " since it just sounds really weird and I tried to keep it to 2 lines - Nazo } { XMtS : fix 'd and split the line } I see . So that 's your current stopgap solution . { ZekeS : orig - you 've dealt with it for now with that . } I don 't get it at all . It seems that everyone is convinced that the fence broke due to decay . I 'm just glad nobody was injured . though ? we 're going to end up with a disaster . it won 't do to cancel the film . how do you think Suzumiya-san will react ? Who knows . she 'll become violent . the avatars in closed space will . { Removed the ellipse at the beginning and added " very " - Nazo } Suzumiya-san is enjoying herself so much that there 's nothing we can do . after all . Suzumiya-san is trying to create a world using film as her medium . What a self-centered person . I doubt she realizes this . She thinks she 's just creating a fictional world . in all her enthusiasm I believe she may be getting carried away and altering reality as she goes . huh ? Don 't tell me we 're going to hit a bad end no matter what . if I had to choose one or the other ... I 'd choose to continue filming . Even if Asahina-san turns into Superwoman ? reworded " problems recently " - Nazo } Instead of starting the world over from scratch don 't you think it 'd be easier to deal with a few strange phenomena ? they are different things . not " till " as that 's a different thing - Nazo } What a frightening proposition . Though if you 'll take full responsibility for the outcome I won 't stop you . The world is too heavy for my two shoulders . I 'm fine ! I 'll get through this somehow ! I hold your highly devoted dedication in the highest regard ! 430 ) } The commoners who have been turned into the Evil Alien Yuki 's puppets rather than " this will be your role " since she 's talking to more than one person - Nazo } so she can 't lay her hands on them . 139 ) } { \ cH91918F } Mikuru 125 ) } { \ cH91918F } Yuki 357 ) } { \ cH91918F } Other people 357 ) } { \ cH91918F } { \ alphaHFF } Other people 357 ) } { \ cH91918F } Other people manipulates the commoners into attacking Mikuru . Mikuru can 't fight back and gets beaten up ! { ZekeS : I changed the timing of this line and the previous . } So Mikuru gets beaten up ! So to start with throw Mikuru into the lake ! into this lake ? It might be warm but it 's already Autumn . { Is " Autumn " supposed to be capitalised here ? - Nazo } The water isn 't exactly clean either . Su-Su-Suzumiya-san at least a warm water pool or something ... It 's definitely a tough scene . Mikuru-chan it 's a sacrifice we have to make ! It 's also an obstacle that you have to overcome now . check fine timing between this line and next since I re-timed - Nazo } You understand ? Get ready . Hey . Um ... um ... Um ... I 'll do it ! Mikuru-chan ! That 's the brigade member I chose ! Asahina-san ... two ... go ! Rest in peace . Are you okay ? Grab my hand . how " - Nazo } but we don 't even have a single towel ? it 's not bad for a first-meeting scene . The awkward atmosphere between Itsuki and Mikuru shows well . Is that right ? It looked like the usual Koizumi to me . Next is stage two . We 're shooting the scene where Itsuki takes care of Mikuru in his home after he saves her . that doesn 't flow at all ! and the others ? The audience won 't accept this kind of broken plot . split / re-time please - Nazo } she just wanted to throw Mikuru-chan into the pond ? my house is nearby and Mikuru looks like she 's about to catch a cold . Can I go get her changed out of this ? That 's perfect ! Tsuru-chan ? We can film Itsuki and Mikuru getting close in there ! go ahead . what about us ? You guys can go home now . check timing - Nazo } I 'm not sure if it 's thoughts or not ... it doesn 't seem to fit the walking though . } { I agree - Nazo } { XMtS : rephrased } But that 's quite a fortunate thing . this is my place ! Huge ! What sort of evils would I have to commit to live in this kind of house ? Here ! This is my room ! Wait here until Mikuru finishes bathing . My room feels like a little cat house compared to this . but I 've never been fond of using them in subs - Nazo } Oh yeah since that is more referring to she thought something that seemed mistaken - Nazo } everyone ! Thank you ! Sorry for taking so long . Here . Thank you . my self control is being viciously tested . wearing that outfit is a crime ! drink up . Thanks . Thank you . The sight of her drinking is another direct attack ! Let 's get to it . And so we begin filming . { TH ? } an unconscious Asahina-san is carried into the room like a princess by Koizumi . { TH ? } and tucks her in . { TH ? } time to wake up ! Are you awake ? Yes . where is this ? It 's my room . Thank you . This is rather erotic . Is it her acting ? { ZekeS : wat } You two ! Put your faces closer together ! close your eyes . put your hand on her back . Now hurry up and push her closer for the kiss ! Wait a second . This goes too far in so many ways ! Why is this kind of scene in the film anyway ? What is this ? It 's a love scene . You have to insert them to fill up time in movies . Are you stupid ? Is this some two hour TV drama ? getting all into it ? we can put in a TL note or something ... - Nazo } I 'll be sending one ! Mikuru 's so funny ! I 'd like to say that it 's not funny . obviously } Her eyes are watery and her cheeks are flushed . she 's not resisting Koizumi . This isn 't funny . my head feels heavy . did she somehow get drugged somewhere ... sorry ! I mixed some sweet sake into Mikuru 's drink . so ... Don 't just quietly slip things into her drink ! isn 't it ? Mikuru-chan 's really erotic right now . kiss already . mouth to mouth . Koizumi . this is a bit much for me . And it seems Asahina-san is already at her limit . Me ? I 'm f-fine ... I guess . getting so drunk on sweet sake ? You 're the one who made her drink it ! wake up . Your reactions are no good . You should at least stretch your back in shock . one more time . Training . Stop it . You call this training ? Where do you plan to use that in the movie ? What ? Don 't get in my way . I don 't have to tell you how I use things . I doubt you 've thought any of this through anyway . Why are you talking back to me ? Stop spouting off when you don 't know anything about this movie ! You 're just saying whatever you want and bullying Asahina-san ! You don 't have that right ! what do you know ? promised scene in my movie ! A promise to who ? This is stupid ! Asahina-san isn 't your toy ! I 've decided ! Mikuru-chan is my toy ! Wh - What 's your problem ! You just have to do what you 're told ! I 'm the brigade leader and the director and ... I won 't allow any insubordination ! Koizumi . I don 't care if you 're animal or human you need to be taught a lesson with fists ! If we don 't she 'll become a psycho who everyone will want to avoid ! Stop it please ! Fighting is wrong ... Or else ... that was classified ... Kyon-kun . I got carried away . Don 't worry about Mikuru . I 'll send her home later or maybe have her stay the night . And here I thought you were a calmer sort of person . too . Closed space hasn 't appeared . It seems Suzumiya-san is subconsciously restraining herself . Isn 't that great ? You 've got less work to do . I 'd like you to come with me somewhere . { Err ... " there 's somewhere I 'd like to show you " doesn 't make sense really ... Plus that 's not what he says _ - Nazo } And if I say no ? It won 't take long . Do you remember what Suzumiya-san said yesterday ? How am I supposed to remember every line of crap she spouts ? You 'll remember when you see this . They 've been like this since this morning . Did someone paint them or something ? that is their natural color . Were they scared witless by the gunfight ? do you really think they 'd become like this ? I know ... { Changed " they were " to be " them to be " - Nazo } but I 'll take whatever color I can get . Like hell you did ! Here 's what I think . Suzumiya-san is a special human whom someone has granted god-like powers . Suzumiya-san being part of this world is evidence of that . What are you saying all of a sudden ? Weren 't you the one who said that Haruhi 's a god ? Did I now ? Quit messing around . I 'm joking . as well as one who destroys . It 's possible the reality we 're currently inhabiting is a failure and the one tasked with destroying this failed world is the person named Suzumiya Haruhi . Now you 've said it ... If that 's the case might just be us . What 's wrong with that ? namely us . When the world is reconstructed properly from Suzumiya-san 's perspective will we be able to be a part of it ? Or will we be considered bugs and eliminated ? Like I know . It 's just ... I know that I like this world as it is . Since ages long past countless humans have built it into what it is today . I don 't want to destroy the shape of the world that they 've created . we 're dealing with Suzumiya-san . Is there really that much value in this world ? Oh ? I thought you came to the same conclusion after returning from closed space . Was I wrong ? I wonder . It seems I 've been talking out of character . It almost sounded like we were defenders of the world . Pardon me . Suzumiya-san is too busy being depressed . Yeah ? I wonder why . I figured you 'd know but I 'll explain . you would support her . you would still accept her . The only people who would accept her are the martyred saints . Could you go cheer her up ? I think we 'll end up with something even worse than closed space on our hands . I can 't imagine what a negative Suzumiya-san would do to the world . So you want me to console her ? You just need to make up with her . There 's nothing to make up . I 've never gotten along with her in the first place . Wow . I 'd always thought you were a cool-headed person . Was I mistaken ? The reason I got so angry at her yesterday was because I couldn 't stand the sight of her bullying Asahina-san . something along those lines . Maybe I was just low on calcium . I was much calmer . that could have just been a placebo effect . What kind of movie was that ? I wasted my time . Don 't mind him . He really just wanted to hang around with you all for a bit longer . { Dropped " for " before " longer " - Nazo } He even canceled his other plans . idiot ! there 's no way in hell I 'm ever doing something that boring again . A movie ? It 's gonna be garbage in the end . No doubt about it . You 're the last person I want to hear that from . but hearing it from you is especially annoying . I believe - Nazo } What about you ? Even her boring activities are a world away from you just sitting here and complaining . this pisses me off ! what am I pissed at ? Have I finally developed some passion for the art of film-making ? Kyon ? Suzumiya-san seemed pretty down . Did something happen ? I 'll bet it was a lover 's quarrel . I get it . I 've also just been following Haruhi and grumbling at her . The reason I 'm pissed off at what Taniguchi said is because there 's no difference between him and me . Taniguchi ! I realized something I didn 't want to . Damnit ! Now I 'm going to do something I 'll regret later . Damnit ! Damnit ! Hey . Haruhi . What ? We will make this movie an absolute success . Of course we will . I 'm the director after all . Success is guaranteed . I don 't need you to tell me . She 's so simple . I suppose this is better than seeing her all moody and lacking her weirdness . Let 's go ! Wasn 't there a better way you could have said it ? Sorry . she 's become even more powerful . Sorry . There 's no way to hide it now . What a coincidence ! I was just thinking how I 'd like a shot with cherry blossoms ! What a perfectly timed irregular climate change ! All right ! Do the trademark pose ! { " Alright " - " All right " - Nazo } let 's catch a cat ! A cat ? Witches need a familiar . A cat seems most appropriate . Are there any black cats lying around ? Wasn 't Nagato cast as an evil alien ? we just need a cat . That 's how I think it should be . but do you know some place where cats gather ?
