 Next up is the inter-club relay ! On your marks ! Get set ! Let 's do this ! Headband : Billionaire Headband : Indian Summer { I get the feeling these are supposed to be puns on their names . 長 = Naga from Nagato ( 長門 ) . 春日 = Haruhi . But I can 't exactly figure them out . – Southrop } Here . I thought I 'd have to overtake everyone in the last leg but thanks to Yuki we ended up crushing them . That was quite a spectacular run . I just hope the track team won 't lose all of their confidence ... Don 't say that with a grin on your face . our notoriety has gone up again . there 's no point worrying about that now . I don 't think I need to point out that these outfits and these four-character headbands of ours were both Haruhi 's idea . What 's the meaning behind these ? So ... Can I take this off now ? Haruhi and her merry friends managed to display an amazing lack of common sense . Cut it out . I believe in leading a humble life . I 'm amazed you were able to run in that outfit . It was indeed difficult . That 's not the point . Looks like this 'll be going in the yearbook for sure . Look forward to it . Give me a break . What ? gross ! Did you see her ? The way she had her hair was pretty cute . the second term began . Today 's already the sports festival . { - K } there 's no way you 'd see Haruhi sit still . { - K } It 's obvious just from seeing those of us that 've been dragged into this . you can put " love " in italics to emphasize it if you want - Nazo } And that 's roughly how the crazy sports festival ended . { day-festival for consistency - Nazo } there was something called the culture festival waiting for me this time . this particular prefectural high school is in the middle of preparations for it . { Added " Right " to make it sound better - Nazo } and if you 're curious as to what year 1 class 5 - the class Haruhi and I are in - is doing ... - Nazo } and they 're just going to use whatever the results are . } { added comma after " survey " and added " then " - Nazo } Board : For the Cultural Festival Board : Survey Announcement no high school student crazy enough to take up leadership of the class has appeared . { dropped the " who was " after " student " - Nazo } Kyon . now I 'm heading blithely towards the clubroom with about as much energy as someone with apathy syndrome . Why ? keeps ranting on about : A survey and announcement is so stupid . What in the world is fun about that ? I don 't understand at all . shouldn 't you have said something ? You saw Mr. Okabe 's face when the class was acting like it was holding a wake . Whatever . I wasn 't planning on taking part in the class activities anyway . I get the feeling that you contributed to the overall victory of our class at the sports festival . Weren 't you the one who signed up for almost every track event and won every single one of them ? { Added " the one " - Nazo } Or was that someone else ? This and that are different ! This is the culture festival ! { cultural-culture } It 's the most important super-event of the year ! Is it ? It is ! are going to do something much more interesting ! { Capitalised " Brigade " and is-are - Nazo } Suzumiya Haruhi 's face lit up like Hannibal 's did after he crossed the Alps during the 2nd Punic War . { Added " like " and removed the " that of " . - Nazo } It shone with the radiance of an unshakable confidence ! 500 ) } The Sigh of Suzumiya Haruhi I It 's the culture festival ! The culture festival ! Why don 't you put some enthusiasm into it too ? We only get to experience our high school freshman culture festival once ! but ... is it ? It is too ! There 's no point if we don 't start a commotion ! The culture festivals I know are always like that . Did you always do such flashy things in middle school ? Not at all . It wasn 't any fun at all . That 's why I need our high school culture festival to be more fun . { cultural-culture } What is it exactly that you mean by " fun ? tell me in words that I can understand . Fine . I 'll explain it to you in full when we get to the clubroom . The smell of lavender ! hello ! I thought flowers were blooming ! I 'll get you some tea right away . Don 't worry about me ! I could blind you with a piece of string right now . where 's Koizumi-kun ? He 's not here yet . he 's late . { Added " that " - Nazo } the tea isn 't ready yet ? It is ! Coming ! Mikuru-chan . Yes ? do you remember ? Huh ? About what ? you need to trip once every three times and flip something over ! You 're not a clumsy maid at all ! I 'm sorry . Does she actually think that maids should be clumsy ? Mikuru-chan . Practice on Kyon . Do it so the cup lands upside-down on his head ! Haruhi 's jokes are only funny to people like her . Please keep that in mind . you . The idiot over there . I didn 't say I was joking . I 'm always serious ! we have an even bigger problem . I 'll show you how to do it . Mikuru-chan . Hey ... Wait . don 't interfere ! Is there a single person anywhere who would just sit here and let themselves get showered in hot tea ? Here you go . you should be a bit happier ! he 'd take three days to drink it all . I 'm sorry . Homeroom dragged on . I apologize if you weren 't able to start the meeting because of me . Meeting ? What meeting ? I forgot to tell you . { added " else " since she pretty much refers to everyone but him - Nazo } so ... added " else " for a similar reason - Nazo } and not even tell the guy sitting in front of you in your own class ? It 's not like it 's a problem . but what you 're going to do now ! { - K } Was that an attempt to say something profound ? { - K } we have to think of what we 're going to do now ! Please make it clear whether you 're talking in present or future tense . adding in " in " and " form " - Nazo } I 'm talking about all of us ! This is an SOS Brigade event ! { Capitalise " Brigade " since it is the club title - Nazo } What do you mean by " event ? " { added quotes - Nazo } I told you earlier . There aren 't any events besides the culture festival around this time of year ! it 's not a brigade event . It 's a school-wide event . you should have submitted your ideas to the planning committee . They 're probably up to their eyes in bureaucratic stuff . There 's no meaning to it then ! We have to do something befitting of the SOS Brigade ! { Capitalise " Brigade " since it is the title of the club - Nazo } We 've come this far already ! There isn 't a student in the school who doesn 't know who we are ! Got it ? so that 's easy for you to say . But what about all the work Asahina-san and I put in ? Koizumi just sits there smiling all the time . Nagato doesn 't help at all with brainstorming . I wish you 'd show some consideration for normal people like me . We 've got to do something good enough to satisfy everyone 's expectations . Exactly where and who are these people with expectations for the SOS Brigade ? { Capitalise " Brigade " - Nazo } That 's what we should be doing the survey on . Mikuru-chan ? My class ? A yakisoba café . I bet you 're a waitress then . How did you know ? so I ... Koizumi-kun ? We 've decided to do a play . But we still haven 't decided if we 'll be doing a classic or an original . It 's good to have a lively class ... though . Yuki ? Fortune telling . Fortune telling ? Yes . Nagato doing fortune telling ? You sure they 're not supposed to be prophecies ? How about we combine them all and do a staged fortune telling survey café ? Huh ? Stop being an idiot . We 're starting the meeting now . so where should we be looking exactly ? I 'm going to start writing . you 're the secretary so make sure you write down what I say . Okay . I don 't know when Asahina-san became the secretary . since she probably came up with that just now . will be holding a movie screening ! Huh ? I don 't know exactly what was going on in Haruhi 's head . But that 's fine . That 's normal . However ... How is this a meeting exactly ? Aren 't you just telling us what you want to do ? right ? Too close ! It seems like Suzumiya-san has decided what she wanted to do from the start . There won 't be any room for discussion . I wonder why she chose a movie ? She probably saw some stupid C-movie last night and got into the mood to make one on her own . though . { I think " I 've " makes more sense than " I 'm " - Nazo } I 'm worried about your head . You always see someone die in the last episode of TV dramas but don 't you think that 's really unnatural ? Why do their deaths come at such a convenient time ? It 's weird . That 's why I really hate shows that have someone die right at the end ! I 'd never make a movie like that ! Board : SOS Brigade Movie Screening And that 's what it 's going to be . Got it ? What 's going to be what ? All I know is that we 're showing a movie . Where 's the location ? you 're dumb as a brick . We 're going to make the movie . And then we 'll show it at the culture festival . it 'll say " Presented by the SOS Brigade " in the credits ! Since when did we become a film club ? What 're you talking about ? This 'll be the SOS Brigade for all eternity . I don 't remember it becoming a film club . I see . I understand now . then showing it at a public screening . { in-at - Nazo } Am I right ? That 's right ! But why are we doing a movie ? Last night I had a hard time falling asleep . So I turned on the TV and they were showing some weird movie . I knew it ! It was one hell of a crappy movie . It was so bad I wanted to make an international call to the director to complain about it . So then I thought : then I can do way better ! And that 's when I decided to do it ! I don 't care if you want to take the role of director or producer . so I change it to " as well " - Nazo } What do you mean ? What would you do if we said we didn 't want to do it ? You can 't make a movie with just a director . Don 't worry . I 've already thought up most of the script . No . That 's not what I 'm trying to say . Don 't worry about anything . Just follow me like you always do . You don 't need to worry about anything at all ! I 'm worried . Leave all the arrangements to me . I 'll get them all taken care of ! Now I 'm even more worried . don 't you ? we 're doing it . We 're going after the title of " Best Event ! " { Added " of " - Nazo } And then that pathetic student council might recognize the SOS Brigade as a club ! No . They 'll recognize us for sure ! we need to get public opinion on our side . What about the production costs ? We have funds . Where ? right ? not you . But Yuki said it 's okay . Indeed . So everyone agrees ! Make it a priority over your stuff for class ! I 'll listen to your objections after the culture festival is over . Got it ? The director 's orders are absolute ! brigade chief . Now a director ? What are you planning to be in the end ? Please don 't say it 's going to be " God . " let 's call it a day then . I 'll think about a bunch of things since I 'm the producer . I 'll explain all the details tomorrow ! Isn 't it fine like this ? It 's better than hunting aliens for a freak circus show or shooting down a UFO and making an exhibit out of the interior . I 'm satisfied . And I 'm actually interested in what kind of movie Suzumiya-san wants to make . It looks like it 'll be a fun culture festival . doesn 't it ? I-Is something the matter ? nothing . I was just wondering what kind of costume Haruhi will bring next . seriously . A movie ? huh ? " - I don 't know } { I 'll take that over " A movie indeed . " - Nazo } I was also a bit interested . but it might be okay if I look forward to it a bit . nobody else will be expecting anything from it . { of-from - Nazo } I take back everything I said . I shouldn 't have gotten my hopes up . I already had a bitter taste in my mouth . if it doesnt i can redo this text part } 65 ) } Supreme Commander / General Manager / Director / Script 65 ) } Suzumiya Haruhi 83 ) } Female Lead 127 ) \ frz10 } Asahina Mikuru 180 ) } Male Lead 240 ) } Koizumi Itsuki 315 ) } Supporting role - Nagato Yuki Assistant director / Filming / Compilation / Grunt / Slave / Gofer / Order-taker / Other Menial Tasks - Kyon So what exactly am I doing ? Exactly what 's written there . Am I playing the lead ? I think a more minor role would be more ... No ! I 'm going to make you super famous ! after all . You should start practicing your autograph . I bet everyone 'll be lining up to get it ! Where do you intend to hold something like that ? But I can 't act . No problem ! I 'll teach you . though . they 're off working on activities for their own classes . I should give them a stern warning . we 're the weird ones for being here right now . is it okay for you to skip your class meeting ? Yes . fine time between this line and next . I already rough-timed it - Nazo } but I 'm sort of looking forward to it . she seems to have completely gotten used to cosplaying . { - K } wouldn 't it be better for her to have something more appropriate to put on for the occasion ? { - K } Mikuru-chan ? I 'll prepare a costume for you ! That 's fine . do you know what we need to make a movie ? An innovative idea and earnest passion among the staff ? I 'm talking about a camera . How are we going to make a movie without any equipment ? I don 't need such an abstract answer . but I wasn 't planning on talking about anything that practical . { Changed " to talk " to " on talking " - Nazo } Whatever . So that 's that . Let 's go get a video camera ! Um ... S-Suzumiya-san ... I just remembered I have something ... I need to go back to class immediately ... Silence . Don 't worry ! There hasn 't been a single time when you said " Don 't worry ! " that we haven 't been worried . I don 't plan to use Mikuru-chan 's body this time . I just need her help for a bit . { added " for " - Nazo } Tell us what kind of " help " you need ! neither I nor Asahina-san will move an inch from this room ! We 're going to find a sponsor right ? You 're coming too . You 'll be carrying everything . but the weather isn 't any cooler at all . forgetting to bring a season called " autumn " over to Japan or something . { Capitalising " Earth " and adding quotes - Nazo } we got on the local line and traveled about 3 stations down . { - K } We passed by the area lined with cherry trees where Asahina-san and I had enjoyed a stroll that one time . { - K } if you want to use that – Southrop } Here . 40 ) } Sign : Oomori Electronics I see . Looks like she 's going to swindle equipment for the movie from this store . But how 's she going to do it ? Wait here a bit . I 'm going to go negotiate . Hold this . Okay ... I 'm going run away with Asahina-san in my arms . Should I be warning that kind-hearted store owner not to take anything that girl says at face value ? What could she be doing ? Who knows ? She 's probably telling him something along the lines of : " Give me your best portable digital video camera for free ! She 's the kind of person who 'd have no qualms about doing that . How troublesome . Haruhi firmly believes that her values and decisions are absolute . they 're always different from hers . But there 's no doubt that she doesn 't understand that at all . they should just put Haruhi on a spaceship . She 'd probably just ignore the theory of relativity . It looks like they 're done talking . Ta da ! we 've taken the first step ! This is going well ! How did you manage to get a hold of something so expensive-looking ? Did you blackmail the guy or something ? Yeah right ! { This sounds feels weird to me ... although I guess it 's ok - Nazo } he willingly handed it over . then I want one too . Tell me what you said to him . Nothing really . and he gave it to me . It wasn 't a problem at all . I get the feeling it won 't end so happily . Stop worrying about every little thing . and things will be fine . Come on ! Let 's go to the next store ! I slowly began to understand . her finger was directed at Asahina-san . I feel like Asahina-san will end up footing the bill in one way or another . I wonder if I should tell her ? Ta da ! What is it this time ? Weapons ! Here ! What 're you doing with these ? They 're for the action scenes ! Gunfights ! Flashy gunfights are one of the basics of entertainment . I 'd like to blow up a building . Do you know a place that sells dynamite ? Maybe at the hardware store ? How would I know ? you can probably order it on the internet . So what do you want to do with all this ? Take them home for now and bring them to the clubroom tomorrow . Going back to school now would be too much of a hassle . I am ? You are . This is the exclusive smile reserved for the SOS Brigade that 's rarely seen in class . { Capitalise " Brigade " - Nazo } I end up having to run around as the disaster clean-up guy . It 's like I 'm the opposite of the Straw Millionaire . { TL Note : わらしべ長者 is a Japanese folk tale about a man who managed to trade a straw for a mansion . } { SOMEONE PLEASE TIME THE TL-NOTE ! - KY ( I DID NOW - k ) } TL Note : Warashibe Chouja is a Japanese folk tale about a man who managed to trade a straw for a mansion . Um ...
