 Are you all right ? Do you want to go to the nurse 's office ? Good morning . She seems to be feeling unwell . Take care of her . Why didn 't you show up yesterday ? Weren 't we going to review our behavior on Saturday ? You sure are annoying . I did the reviewing by myself . Upon asking I learned that after school yesterday Haruhi had gone back over the course her team had taken . It 's hot . I 'm exhausted . When do we change uniforms ? I want to change into the summer uniform as soon as possible . Suzumiya ... I 've probably said this already but how about you give up on looking for mysterious things you 're not going to find and try having fun the way a normal high schooler does ? How does a normal high schooler have fun ? Find some nice guy and do your city searching with him . You could even call it a date . Kill two birds with one stone . Men are worthless . Feelings of love are just a temporary lapse in judgment . Like a kind of mental illness . Even I get in the mood for that stuff every now and then . after all . My body has its urges . But you know ... I 'm not stupid enough to let a moment 's slip-up leave me saddled with a huge burden . if I start shopping around for guys what will happen to the SOS Brigade ? I 've only just made it . You could turn it into some random club that just has fun . You 'll get people to join that way . No way ! I made the SOS Brigade because that kind of club is no fun ! I even recruited an alluring mascot and a mysterious transfer student . Why doesn 't anything happen ! ? I wonder if some kind of full-blown trouble will happen ... Don 't say such dangerous things ! But that 's true . If something happened to make everyday life more interesting that could be quite wonderful . It 's the first time I 've seen Haruhi look so defeated but her crestfallen face was surprisingly cute . Perhaps Suzumiya-san is feeling lovesick ? Definitely not . Suzumiya isn 't going to suddenly fall in love and her full-blown trouble isn 't going to happen ... in this world ... But the full-blown trouble part had already begun brewing in the shadows . As I talked to Haruhi that morning ... 388 ) \ fscx90 } The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya IV ... I had another issue on my mind . 232 ) } After school when everyone 's gone 379 ) } Come to classroom 1-5 269 ) } After school when everyone 's gone 421 ) } Come to classroom 1-5 311 ) } After school when everyone 's gone 461 ) } Come to classroom 1-5 441 ) } After school when everyone 's gone Something like this has happened before . Yo . 426 ) } 7 PM Waiting in the park in front of Kouyou Station 426 ) } 7 PM Waiting in the park in front of Kouyou Station 298 ) } the park in front of Kouyou Station 426 ) } 7 PM Waiting in the park in front of Kouyou Station 298 ) } the park in front of Kouyou Station But the handwriting obviously isn 't Nagato 's . And she probably wouldn 't use such a direct method as placing a message in my shoe locker . Could it be Asahina-san ? I doubt that . I can 't see her using some ripped out scrap of paper to call me out without setting a specific time . It 's so hot ! Haruhi ? Even less likely . She 'd just drag me up the stairs to talk again like that other time . Koizumi 's out for similar reasons . I 'd like an air conditioner in this room ! I really doubt that this is a love letter but it 's certain that this document is requesting my presence . Or no . It could just be Taniguchi or Kunikida pulling a prank on me . Indeed . That 's the most feasible possiblity . But if that was the case I would expect something more elaborate ... Wait ! What is that ! ? What ? They 're pictures . Knockout pictures of Mikuru-chan . I can see that ! What are you doing with those ! ? I 'm putting them on the top page of our site ! This will bring in lots of e-mails about strange happenings . And our access counter will jump up to five digits in a flash ! I wonder if the counter can support that many digits . Hey . Wait ! stupid Kyon ! ? Stop acting like an idiot . If Asahina-san found out that unbecoming pictures of her maid costume in knockout poses have been spread around the world she 'll definitely faint on the spot . Haruhi quietly stared at me as I fervently lectured her but it 's unknown if she understood what I meant by the dangers of putting personal information that may reveal your identity on the Internet . I got it . 375 ) } Recycle Bin 375 ) } Recycl 202 ) \ bord0.2 } Open 235 ) } Explore 270 ) } Empty Recycle Bin 321 ) } Create Shortcut 369 ) } Properties 202 ) \ bord0.2 \ 1cHFFFFFF \ 3cHFFFFFF } Open She sullenly consented to delete them . 202 ) \ bord0.2 } Open 235 ) \ 1cHFFFFFF \ 3cHFFFFFF } Explore 235 ) } Explore 270 ) \ 1cHFFFFFF \ 3cHFFFFFF } Empty Recycle Bin I probably should have deleted all the pictures but that would be a bit of a waste . 238 ) } Properties 8 ) } Explore 70 ) } Empty Recycle Bin 169 ) } Create Shortcut 261 ) } Properties 497 ) } Recycle Bin 17 ) } Open 71 ) } Explore 124 ) } Empty Recycle Bin 205 ) } Create Shortcut 282 ) } Properties 93 ) } Open 476 ) } Recycle Bin 134 ) } Explore 177 ) } Empty Recycle Bin 242 ) } Create Shortcut 304 ) } Properties 93 ) \ 1cHFFFFFF \ 3cHFFFFFF } Open 483 ) } Recycle Bin 144 ) } Open 181 ) } Explore 218 ) } Empty Recycle Bin 276 ) } Create Shortcut 331 ) } Properties 490 ) } Recycle Bin 279 ) } Open 296 ) } Explore 313 ) } Empty Recycle Bin 337 ) } Create Shortcut 361 ) } Properties Now ! I 'm going home for today . Sorry ! What happened ? Nothing at all . An evil plot was thwarted . Having nothing to do I was playing Othello with Asahina-san when Koizumi showed up . With his usual smile . I have to go to work . I 'll be excusing myself now . And what kind of work would that be ? I 'm going to change so you can go home first . And so I took Asahina-san up on her offer and hightailed it out of the clubroom . When I saw the person standing there I was considerably surprised . Why don 't you come in ? huh ? Yes . did you ? What do you want with me ? There is something I need you for ... But I want to ask you something . It 's about Suzumiya-san . What do you think about her ? boy . huh ? You know ... It 's better to regret something you did than to regret something you didn 't do . What 's your opinion on that ? I don 't know about it being a common saying but it probably means what it says . Then ... Speaking theoretically ... If there were a situation where maintaining the status quo would only make things worse but nobody knew what course of action would improve circumstances what would you do ? What 's that ? Are you talking about the Japanese economy ? would be best for now ? Nothing will improve the way things currently are . I guess that 's one way to look at it . Right ? But you know the higher-ups are all stick-in-the-muds who can 't keep up with change . But I can 't afford such complacency out in the field . A lack of action would only allow the situation to grow worse . right ? What is she trying to say ? Is this a prank ? Is Taniguchi hiding in the broom closet or something ? I 've grown quite tired of observing a static subject . That 's why I 'll kill you and see how Haruhi Suzumiya responds . what ? What is this ? wait . What 's going on here ? Why is Asakura trying to stab me with a knife ? Hold on a sec . What did Asakura say ? Kill me ? Why ? For what reason ? Stop joking around ! That 's really dangerous ! A fake would be enough to scare anyone ! You think that this is a joke ? You don 't want to die ? You don 't want to be killed ? I don 't really understand the concept of death for organic life forms . I don 't get it ! It 's not funny ! Just put that dangerous thing down ! That 's impossible . Because I truly want you to die . It 's no use . This space is now under my data jurisdiction . No one can leave or enter . I have no idea what 's going on anymore . come here ! And explain this to me ! just give up . The result will be the same in the end . Who are you ? It 's no use . Didn 't I tell you ? Right now everything in this classroom moves according to my will . Wait ! Wait ! Wait ! What is this ? Kill me and see how Haruhi Suzumiya responds ? Haruhi again ? You sure are popular Haruhi ! And wait . Why does that mean I have to die ? I should have done this to start with . My body won 't move . You can do that ? I cry foul play ! If you die Suzumiya-san is certain to take some sort of action . I 'll probably be able to observe a considerable explosion of data . A golden opportunity . I don 't care . Now die . damn it ! Wait . Huh ? I can move now . Nagato ? Your individual programs were too weak . The spatial lockdown and data blockade in lateral sectors were too weak . That is why I could detect you . Why intrusion was granted . You 're going to get in my way ? If this human is killed Haruhi Suzumiya is certain to act . That 's the only way to obtain more data . You are supposed to be my backup . Independent action has not been authorized . You are supposed to obey me . If I don 't want to ? I will nullify your data link . Go ahead and try ? I have the advantage in this place . This classroom is now within space under my data jurisdiction . I am requisitioning the nullification of your data link . That was when ... they really aren 't human . Stay close . 292 ) } Nagato 288 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 291 ) } Nagato 291 ) } Nagato 294 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 294 ) } Nagato 287 ) } Nagato 286 ) } Nagato 293 ) } Nagato 287 ) } Nagato 287 ) } Nagato 288 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 291 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 293 ) } Nagato 293 ) } Nagato 294 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 293 ) } Nagato 293 ) } Nagato 293 ) } Nagato 294 ) } Nagato 294 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 287 ) } Nagato 288 ) } Nagato 288 ) } Nagato 286 ) } Nagato 286 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 291 ) } Nagato 291 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 291 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 291 ) } Nagato 291 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 291 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 291 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 291 ) } Nagato 291 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 288 ) } Nagato 288 ) } Nagato 291 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 292 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 290 ) } Nagato 288 ) } Nagato 288 ) } Nagato 288 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 287 ) } Nagato 287 ) } Nagato 288 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 287 ) } Nagato 287 ) } Nagato 288 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 289 ) } Nagato 287 ) } Nagato 287 ) } Nagato You can 't defeat me while we 're in this space . Personal name : Ryoko Asakura . Judged to be hostile . Nullifying concerned target 's connection to organic life form . You 'll cease functioning before that happens . What are you — I wonder how long you can last while protecting that thing . Nagato ! There is no need for you to move . I am fine . No ... You don 't look fine at all ! Now that you 've suffered so much damage you won 't be able to interfere with other data . Then I 'll end this . Die . Finished . What is ? The three years of your brief life ? No . Commence nullification of data link . Impossible ... You are exceptionally skilled . That is why it took so long to force a program into this space . But it is finished now . You prepared dissolution factors before you infiltrated this space . That would explain why you seemed too weak . You had already expended your offensive data before we began . What a pity . I suppose I was only ever backup . I thought it would be a good chance to end this stasis . I 've lost . Lucky you . You get to live a while longer . But you 'd best be careful . As you can see the Integration Thought Entity has its dissenting voices . Another agent from the radical faction may come one day . Nagato-san 's master may switch views . Enjoy your time with Suzumiya-san until then . Bye . Nagato ! Hang in there ! I 'll call an ambulance ! No need . My body did not suffer significant injury . This space is what must be normalized first . I will remove foreign substances and reconstruct the classroom . Are you really okay ? Processing power was redirected to data manipulation and transformation . The regeneration of this interface was placed in queue . It 's running now . What 's wrong ? I forgot to reconstruct glasses . I 'd say you look cuter without them . And I 'm not really a glasses man . What is a glasses man ? Nothing ! I 'm just babbling . I see . 'Sup . For-For-For-Forgot my ... Father . If you look at this still-frame my position would suggest that I 'm actually trying to push her down . My bad . Enjoy yourselves ! An interesting person . What do we do ? Leave it to me . I specialize in data manipulation . I have made it so Ryoko Asakura has transferred out of this school . That 's your concern ? Or this isn 't the time for that . Now that I stop and think about it ... didn 't I ? That winding freak talk of Nagato 's the other day ... This is no longer about whether or not I believe that delusional story . I was about ready to piss my pants during the incident just now . I was seriously about to die . Doesn 't this mean that I have no choice but to accept that Nagato is genuinely related to aliens or whatever ? Ryoko Asakura didn 't show up for class the next day . This concerns Asakura-kun . Due to her father 's work I also find this rather sudden she has transferred to another school . What ! ? Kyon ! Something 's up here ! who had completely bounced back looked at me with shining eyes . What do I do ? Tell her the truth ? Like hell I can . Not like I even want to . I would prefer to think that it was all a hallucination . First a mysterious transfer student came now we have a girl transferring out for no explicable reason . This matter needs some investigation . I 'd like it if you didn 't give me more work to do . I 've already got enough problems without you adding on to them . What 's that ? Nothing . The other matter on my mind was another envelope just like yesterday in my shoe locker . What 's up with that ? Is putting letters in shoe lockers the current fad ? But today 's is considerably different . 325 ) } Mikuru Asahina 172 ) } I 'll be waiting in the clubroom 230 ) } during lunch . 418 ) } Mikuru I briskly went on my way hoping to be spared another life-threatening experience . I have no choice but to go . The person who sent this is none other than Asahina-san . While I had no evidence to prove that this letter was actually from Asahina-san I didn 't doubt its origins for a second . She seems just like the kind of person to use such a roundabout method and the image of her cheerfully writing on a sheet of cute stationery ... right ? And Nagato 's also in the clubroom during lunch . it 'll work out . Come in ! Kyon-kun ! It 's been so long . She looks just like Asahina-san . But it wasn 't Asahina-san . Uh ... Are you Asahina-san 's sister ? It 's me . The real Mikuru Asahina . But I 'm from a later future than the me you 're familiar with . I 've missed you ... do you ? I 'll prove it to you . Look . I have a star-shaped mole here . It isn 't fake . Want to touch it to make sure ? Super size me ! Do you believe me now ? That 's not the issue here . I don 't know where Asahina-san has moles on her body . The only times I 've seen that much of her skin would be when she was dressed up as a bunny girl and when I accidentally walked in on her changing . I didn 't have enough time to make any detailed observations . Huh ? Kyon-kun ? I didn 't even notice it myself . no . It 's still ... I see . It hasn 't happened yet ... What do I do ! ? I 've made a huge mistake ! I 'm so sorry ! Please forget what I just said ! Easier said than done . I understand . I 'll believe you for now . I 've become a person who 's ready to believe anything at this point ... Huh ? Does that mean there are two Asahina-sans in this period right now ? Yes . The past me past from my point of view is currently having lunch with classmates in the classroom . I needed to tell you something so I made some unreasonable requests in order to return to this time . I asked Nagato-san to leave us alone . Do you know about Nagato ? Sorry . That 's classified information . I haven 't gotten to say that in a long time . I just heard it a few days ago . I can 't stay in this time very long . So I 'll be brief . Do you know what Snow White is ? yeah ... When you find yourself in a harrowing situation please remember those words . and a poisoned apple ? Yes . Remember the story of Snow White . I was just in a harrowing situation yesterday ... That 's not what I 'm talking about ... It 'll happen ... Let 's see ... I can 't tell you any specifics but Suzumiya-san should be with you when it happens . Haruhi and me ? When ? Where ! ? Suzumiya-san may not find anything wrong with the situation but for you ... it will be a significant problem . I suppose that you can 't ... can you ? I 'm sorry . just think of it as a hint . This is all I can do . And that would be Snow White ? Yes . I 'll remember that . I can 't believe I was able to wear this . I wouldn 't be able to do it now . What other costumes did Haruhi make you wear ? Secret . It 's embarrassing . you 'll find out soon enough . Then I 'll be going now . One last thing . Don 't get too close to me . Please tell me one thing ! Asahina-san . How old are you right now ? Classified information . Her smile was so brilliant that any person would fall in love . It 's been so long . So basically the Asahina-san in high school right now will return to her own time before long . I wonder how much time passed for her . I 'd say five years ... three years ? Girls go through some dramatic changes once they 're out of high school . I 'm pretty hungry . Guess I 'll go back to the classroom . boy . Yo . Did you see someone that looked a lot like Asahina-san on your way here ? Mikuru Asahina 's time-divergent variant . I met her in the morning . Could it be that you can also travel through time ? too . I cannot . But time travel is not very difficult . Maybe you can tell me how it 's done . Words would be insufficient for conveying the concept and you would not understand . really . Yes . Guess that 's settled . Settled . Nagato . Thanks for yesterday . There is no need to thank me . Ryoko Asakura 's abnormal behavior was my responsibility . My incompetence . You really do look better without glasses . Where did you go ! ? I waited to eat since I thought you 'd be back soon ! except like a childhood friend pretending to be angry to hide her embarrassment ? Stop sounding like an idiot ! Come with me ! I asked Okabe in the faculty office just now . Nobody knew about Asakura transferring until this morning ! a person claiming to be Asakura 's father called and said they had to move all of a sudden . And guess where to ? Canada ! Canada ! Does that even make sense ? It sounds so made-up ! Really ? Then I asked for her contact information in Canada . And guess what happened ? They didn 't even have that information ! right ? Something has to be up here ! How about no ! Since I was there I asked for Asakura 's old address . We 'll go check it out after school . We might learn something ! she doesn 't listen to anyone else . I 'm not going to bother stopping her . not me . You 're coming with me ! Why ! ? And you call yourself a member of the SOS Brigade ! ? 198 ) \ 1cH2D2D2F } SOS BRIGADE 343 ) \ 1cH2D2D2F } SELF-ACTIVITY DAY 453 ) \ 1cH2D2D2F } HARUHI
