 You mustn 't disturb him . He has passed on . It appears to be a fruit knife . This has become a grave situation . Oh ? It penetrated his notebook . The perpetrator must possess considerable physical strength . Which means it would be safe to assume that the perpetrator was male . And the fact that Yutaka Tamaru-san is nowhere to be seen would mean that ... We probably shouldn 't tell Little Sister ... It 'd be best if we didn 't tell her . This turn of events requires some deliberation . a closed circle . it would also appear to be homicide . Furthermore it happened in a locked room . Now then how could the perpetrator commit the crime in this inaccessible room and make his getaway ? Kyon-kun . 397 ) } Remote Island Syndrome ( Part Two ) Did something happen ? I told you . Keiichi-san is in bed after suddenly falling ill so we have to stay put . But what about Mikuru-chan ? Kyon . Come here . Yuki . Keep the door locked . Don 't open it for anyone . Understood . Is this a murder case ? Looks like it . Unbelievable ... I never would have imagined something like this happening . Weren 't you talking about how badly you wanted something to happen ? That 's ' cause I wasn 't expecting something to actually happen ! A murder in a locked room on an island during a storm . What is the probability of an incident like that occurring at our destination ? Maybe this also happened because Haruhi wished for it ? This doesn 't look good . She looked like a mischievous boy after an April Fool 's joke gone wrong . but isn 't Yutaka-san the main suspect ? he 's nowhere to be found . That reminds me ... Mikuru-chan mentioned something yesterday . The two of them were fighting ? She said it looked that way . And one more thing . It was last night . right ? when I was at this same spot ... Make it quick . Prepare a passport and traveler 's checks . Looking back now ... right ? But why the locked room ? No attempt was made to make it look like a suicide . There 's no reason to bother setting it up in a locked room . I can 't just stand around and wait . Let 's go take another close look at Keiichi-san 's room . I contacted the police and was instructed not to allow anyone inside . When will the police be here ? According to the forecast the weather will have improved by tomorrow afternoon so I suppose they will arrive sometime in that vicinity . Was the door locked all night ? I do not know . I only tried knocking on the door . That 's it ? Keiichi-san has documents pertaining to his work in his room so I am prohibited from opening the door when he doesn 't respond . Did Keiichi-san and Yutaka-san not get along ? I do not know that either . The reason being that Mori and I have only been working here for one week . One week ? We are part-timers . Temporarily hired butler and maid . a mere two weeks of this summer . So it was just for this villa ? You weren 't previously employed by Keiichi-san ? That would be correct . As far as the brothers are concerned I am only aware that Yutaka-sama is an employee at Keiichi-sama 's company . Something isn 't right here . What is this strange feeling ... Oh ? Koizumi-kun ! What were you doing ? I was patrolling the mansion . Yutaka-san is nowhere to be found . And you two ? We 're going out to check if the boat 's there . I don 't believe that the boat is there . Why ? It was last night . Yutaka-sama appeared to be in a hurry and headed for the entranceway . So you 're saying that Yutaka-san took the boat and left the island ? I cannot be absolutely certain . But that was the last time I saw Yutaka-sama . What time was it ? I believe it was around 1 a.m. One slip and I 'll be falling to the bottom of the cliff . well . If I 'm with her when I fall I 'll probably have a higher chance of surviving . Kyon ! The cruiser 's gone . Was it really Yutaka-san ? Gray sky . Black sea . It reminds me of being in closed space . Guess I 'm just not fond of such monochrome worlds . Kyon ! Someone 's there ! Look ! Over there ! Beyond the rocks ! Did somebody else come outside ? Or could it be the real perpetrator ! Haruhi ! Hey . Are you sure it went this way ? But there 's no other path ! Haruhi ! Kyon . Kyon ! Kyon ! are you okay ? Are you alive ? Probably . We 're in a fine mess now . Doesn 't look like we can go back the way we came . Hey . Over there . Fortunately it was warm inside the cave . Was it heat from the Earth or maybe it was heat from an underground spring . I wonder what that shadow was . Are you sure it was alive ? You weren 't just seeing things ? That 's impossible I think ... Kyon . Do you really think Yutaka-san killed Keiichi-san ? What do you mean ? I 've been doing some thinking . Based on Mori-san 's testimony ... right ? But you see . When I touched Keiichi-san earlier his body still felt warm . Do you get what I mean ? Keiichi-san hadn 't been dead long when we found him . What do you mean ? Yutaka-san left the villa the night of the typhoon and lurked around the island for a while before stabbing Keiichi-san and running ? I don 't think so . Even if you assume that Keiichi-san was killed an hour before we found him ... right ? It 'd be unnatural for us not to hear a sound or scream . But that 's strange . Are you saying that Keiichi-san was still alive for a few hours after being stabbed and locked the door himself ? if Yutaka-san isn 't even the perpetrator what reason would he have to escape ... { \ 3cH000000 } - Wait ! I know ! I know the truth behind this murder . Kyon ? Start talking . There 's no doubt that Yutaka-san stabbed Keiichi-san . as you said he would have no reason to run away . that 's true . I don 't know his reasons but Yutaka-san stabbed Keiichi-san . I doubt it was a premeditated murder . It was probably something like ... and he picked up a nearby fruit knife and ended up using it . But the knife didn 't reach his heart . The knife was obstructed by the notebook and didn 't cause a fatal wound . this is when it got complicated . Keiichi-san fainted from the shock . Upon seeing that Yutaka-san believed that he had killed him . The problem is what happened next . who had merely fainted remained unconscious until morning . Once Keiichi-san came to he stood up in a dazed state and remembered that his brother had tried to kill him . Unable to think clearly he locked the door . That 's when tragedy struck . Keiichi-san tripped over himself and fell on his face . As a result the knife was driven into his heart and Keiichi-san met his demise . This is the truth . Hold on . How could everything happen so perfectly ? You can 't change what 's already happened . Do you have any other explanation ? Yutaka-san should have been able to tell if he had actually killed him or not . Keiichi-san 's body was lying face up . If your deduction were correct Keiichi-san would have been found lying face down . but ... But wait . In that case ... Haruhi ? Um ... It 's nothing . I guess I was mistaken . Hey ! Are you two okay ! ? And so Haruhi 's deduction ended up being a bust . what would be the truth ? Yutaka-san wasn 't on the island at the time of death . Which would mean the real culprit was someone else . Which one should I take ? Hey . Kyon-kun ! Don 't scare me like that ! Geez ! are we ? But I was hungry ! Sorry for the wait . I 'll bring them to your room right away . No fair ! Somebody already ate theirs ! This was Arakawa 's . Arakawa hadn 't eaten anything since morning so I delivered his first . Don 't embarrass your brother . What 's going on ? Yuki ! It 's me ! Open up ! I was told not to open the door for anyone . It 's okay now . Open up ! That would require me to violate the order not to open the door for anyone . Is Asahina-san still unconscious ? I don 't hear her voice so I would assume so . When I said anyone I meant anyone who wasn 't in the SOS Brigade ! right ? I was not informed of this . I was merely instructed not to open the door for any person . you didn 't say anything when I left the room . I did not receive any instruction regarding opening the door from this side . Nagato . Haruhi 's order has been rescinded . I 'll override her order . My sister 's also here . Please open up . Sheesh . You need to be more flexible . Was that supposed to be Nagato 's idea of a joke ? Nagato . Your face and expression never change so I can only assume you 're always serious ! thank you ! What do we do from here ? Do we continue our investigation for the truth ? Forget it . I guess I 'm not made out to be a detective . Just let the police handle it . I see . You discussed such matters in the cave . But it 's strange . She wanted to play detective so badly . What 's with the sudden change of heart ? I can understand what Suzumiya-san is thinking . Shall I tell you ? I 'm all ears . Suzumiya-san 's deduction was partially correct but the last part was wrong . Keiichi-san was stabbed by Yutaka-san but he didn 't die . Yutaka-san made the wrong assumption and escaped . That much is all correct . Keiichi-san was awakened by our voices ... Keiichi-san ? ... and just as we were about to open the door ... Keiichi-san ! ? Respond if you 're there . ... he locked it in his dazed state ... That was when ... That was when the knife was driven into Keiichi-san 's body . Which means the perpetrator ... Would be the ones who broke the door down . myself . You . And Arakawa-san . Suzumiya-san probably realized this . That 's why she didn 't say anything . In order to protect us . Hiding the truth within her own heart . Your story makes sense but it 's unfortunate that you learned the truth . If I seal your lips nobody will ever know of this . That would be the logical course of action . no ! Koizumi-kun is ... Koizumi-kun is dead ! He had a knife stuck in his chest ! What did you say ! ? It couldn 't be ! Come quick ! Hurry ! Come on ! I didn 't expect you to be so evil . I won 't kill you as long as you keep your mouth shut . Koizumi was killed by Yutaka-san who had secretly returned . Only the killer knows the motive but he was apparently an unusual character to begin with . That would be the story . Do you think the police will buy it ? we 'll stab this body a few more times . To make Yutaka-san 's unusual character more pronounced . Let 's go ! W-Wait ! The gig is up . We 've lost . We were soundly beaten . Sorry ! I just did what Kyon-kun told me to . 186 ) } Ultra 123 ) } Detective Okay ! Haruhi Suzumiya-sama 's ultra deduction ! It 's amazing how much you kiss your own ass . As you 're probably all aware ... the Tamaru brothers ... and Mori-san were putting on an act for us the whole time . They even had a false " truth " prepared . Quite an elaborate performance . Well spotted . It was for a bit of entertainment . if you will . She probably knew everything from the beginning . I was fooled for a good part of it . The false " truth . Kyon and the others . But that 's when I noticed . If there was enough force to drive the knife into his heart ... right ? Yet there wasn 't a scratch on the door . I 'm the one who actually noticed it . But it could have been a sturdy door . Wouldn 't that be insufficient evidence for you to suspect anything ? There are other discrepancies . When Koizumi-kun and Arakawa-san first met . right ? If Arakawa-san had been hired a week ago and this was their first meeting this greeting would be quite strange . You are absolutely correct . too . There 's more . It was when we were racing to Keiichi-san 's room . right ? How did he know which room it was ? He said that it was his first time in this villa . Quite the blunder . but twice . But it wouldn 't be that odd for him to know . Perhaps he found out which room was mine in his own time . That 's true . But the final piece of the puzzle was the food Kyon saw in the kitchen . Kyon . You explain . I wasn 't there . The only person here who ate using knife and fork was Keiichi-san . there was a possibility that Arakawa-san ate using knife and fork . the issue would be that the carrots were left untouched . That 's when I got the idea that it might have been eaten by Keiichi-san . there can be only one conclusion ! That would be Keiichi-san is alive ! It was all a rehearsed performance ! I 'm sure that in Haruhi 's mind ... Wow ! ... she 's hearing a standing ovation a hundred times larger than this . And so we put on an act of our own . right ? Absolutely right . The same goes for the call in the middle of the night . We were planning on coming clean eventually ... But we didn 't expect to be caught so soon . Well . Your deduction got us on the right track . Impressive detective work . But of course ! my dear Watson ! huh ? and Mori-san are all my colleagues . { \ an8 \ 3cH000000 } How did you like my ultra deduction ? In order to prevent Suzumiya-san from getting any strange ideas ... { \ an8 \ 3cH000000 } Awesome ! { \ an8 \ 3cH000000 } Wasn 't I cool ? ... I concluded that preparing an incident beforehand would be the best idea . The little sister 's presence was unexpected though . During the trip here ... didn 't you ? I couldn 't possibly have told you ... could I ? When did you realize the truth ? Truth be told from the very beginning . The very beginning ... An incident like this couldn 't really happen . That would be because Haruhi would never truly wish for a murder to happen . That 's how she is . You have faith in Suzumiya-san . Let me ask one more thing . The suspicious shadow Haruhi saw ... right ? Suspicious shadow ? I 'm not lying ! There 's no reason for me to continue acting . Then what was that shadow ? It couldn 't be ... Suzumiya-san wished for a perpetrator that wasn 't one of us . If that was created by Haruhi ... That island still has some unknown being lurking around . No . Maybe Haruhi was just seeing things . Where should we go next time ? How about the Bermuda Triangle ?
