 Alien ... ? My duty is to observe Haruhi Suzumiya and report all obtained data to the Integration Thought Entity . That is the task I have performed since I was born three years ago . During the past three years no uncertain elements appeared ... The situation was extremely stable . recently an irregular factor which cannot go unheeded has appeared near Haruhi Suzumiya . That would be you . From the perspective of the Data Integration Thought Entity ... 45 ) } The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya III ... the third planet of this solar system at the edge of the Milky Way held no significant merit . as it is called by its present inhabitant life forms was home to the evolution of bipedal organic life forms ... 238 ) } _ _ 374 ) } _ _ 317 ) } _ _ 317 ) } _ _ 52 ) } Data Integration Thought Entity 91 ) } Born from the 99 ) } sea 88 ) } of data 122 ) } which covers the 128 ) } entire universe 177 ) } Data life forms 179 ) } possessing no physical body 219 ) } but 221 ) } high levels 214 ) } of intelligence 253 ) } Existing since 250 ) } the creation of the universe \ fs49 } Magnifies 317 ) } in accord with the 317 ) } expansion 310 ) } of the universe 365 ) } Possesses no tangible mass 381 ) } Exists 386 ) } only as data 426 ) } Impossible 414 ) } to observe 453 ) } through any form of 452 ) } optical measures ... whom developed cognitive ability which could be considered intelligence ... this planet grew in significance . Perhaps they possessed the potential to break free of the cul-de-sac of autoevolution into which they have fallen . 282 ) } _ _ 443 ) } _ 456 ) } _ 478 ) } _ 60 ) } The Data Integration Thought Entity 135 ) } held 187 ) } interest 135 ) } in the life forms 249 ) } categorized as 306 ) } humans 353 ) } which occur on Earth The emergence of self-awareness among the universe 's maldistributed organic life forms was a common phenomenon ... Terrestrial humans were the first instance of evolution to a higher order of intelligence . they achieved a rapid rate of autoevolution processing and storing new data The Integration Thought Entity carefully continued thorough observation . And three years ago . We observed a data flare unlike any other witnessed on this planet . An explosion of data erupting from a region of a bow-shaped archipelago instantly shrouded the planet and diffused into outer space . At its center was ... 372 ) } Haruhi Suzumiya Over the past three years a number of inquiries have been performed examining the existence known as Haruhi Suzumiya from all perspectives ... her true identity remains unknown . 330 ) } Unexplainable explosion of data a sector of the Integration Thought Entity ... 365 ) } Impossible to analyze ... believes that for humanity ... us data life forms Haruhi Suzumiya is the key to our autoevolution and have thus commenced analysis accordingly . as data life forms ... 291 ) } Humans should only be able to handle a limited amount of information ... are unable to directly communicate with organic life forms . 291 ) } yet a single one of those Terrestrial humans For they possess no language . Humans lack the means to transmit ideas without words . 291 ) } Intermittent torrents of data 291 ) } occur randomly That is why human-purpose interfaces such as myself were created . 391 ) \ fsp10 } Furthermore The Data Integration Thought Entity is able to come in contact with humans through me . 215 ) } Haruhi Suzumiya 291 ) } herself 366 ) } is unaware of this Haruhi Suzumiya holds hidden potential for autoevolution . It is likely that she possesses the ability to control data in her surrounding environment as she wishes . That is why I am here . Why you are here . Hold on . I 'll be frank . I have no idea what you 're talking about . Believe me . why me ? Well ... Let 's just pretend that I believe you about all that data whatever and so on ... Then why are you revealing your identity to me ? You have been chosen by Haruhi Suzumiya . Whether or not Haruhi Suzumiya is aware of it her consciousness has an effect on the environment in the form of unconditional data . There must be a reason why you were chosen . There isn 't . There is . You and Haruhi Suzumiya hold all potential within your grasp . Are you serious ? Naturally . marveling at how the tight-lipped wonder had finally opened her mouth and out came this winding freakish spiel . I never would have imagined she was some crazy girl . Now look here . she 'll be overjoyed . I don 't understand any of this stuff . Sorry . A large sector of the Data Integration Thought Entity has recognized that if Haruhi Suzumiya becomes aware of her own value and ability there is the potential for indeterminable risks . We must observe the situation for now . Isn 't it possible that I 'll tell Haruhi everything I just heard ? She won 't take the data you feed her seriously . You have a point . I am not the only interface placed on Earth by the Data Integration Thought Entity . A sector of the Data Integration Thought Entity overmind intends on initiating proactive activity and observing the resulting fluctuations in data . You are the key to Haruhi Suzumiya . you will be first . I can 't take any more of this . Humanoid inter whatcha-ma-call-it ... An alien ? She must have picked up those bizarre delusions from reading SF novels all alone in her apartment for so long . I 'm sure she locks herself up in her shell never talking to anyone in her class . Both her and Haruhi ought to just enjoy their school life in a normal fashion . It 's come ! The long-awaited transfer student ! Don 't you think it 's amazing ! ? It 's a mysterious transfer student ! No doubt about it ! You can tell without even seeing the student ? Didn 't I already tell you ? Survey says that a student who transfers in halfway through the year is practically guaranteed to be a mysterious transfer student ! Just when who and how was that statistic derived ? If mysterious transfer students can be guaranteed most of Japan would be ... I 'm gonna take a look ! she 's not listening . 234 ) } Literary Club When I went to the clubroom after school I found that Asahina-san had gallantly recovered in one day . I 'm amazed you were willing to come back to the clubroom . I was a bit hesitant but I suppose that I 'm still concerned . I get the feeling I heard her say something similar before . What are you concerned about ? It 's nothing . Nagato ? have you ever played Othello ? Hey ! Sorry for the wait ! The immediately useful transfer student who joined class 1-9 today ! His name is ... Itsuki Koizumi . It 's a pleasure to meet you . This is the SOS Brigade ! Haruhi Suzumiya . and # 3 . you 're the fourth one . Everyone get along now ! but what does this club do ? I 'll tell you just what activities the SOS Brigade engages in . That would be ! and espers ... . ... and have fun with them ! I could feel the entire world grinding to a halt . Just kidding ! Although I was reminded of Haruhi 's proclamation at the beginning of the year . I see . Just as one would expect from Suzumiya-san . What did he just see ? Very well . I shall join . I hope to have a pleasant experience with everyone . Hello ? You 're going to accept that explanation ? Were you even listening ? I 'm Koizumi . I 'm sure I have much to learn from you so feel free to teach me the ropes . I 'm ... That 's Kyon ! The cute one over there is Mikuru-chan and the glasses girl over here is Yuki . Are you okay ? now we have five members ! We 're finally a full-fledged club ! I 'm okay . It 's finally time for the SOS Brigade to unveil itself to the world ! let 's join together as one and give it our all ! What do you mean by unveil ? Nagato are you really okay with being included as a member ? Rolling along to after school the next day ! C 'mon ! Hurry up and take it off ! Sorry ! you can 't forget about maids . Every school life story has one . Exactly what kind of school life stories do you read ... Now then ... Let 's take a picture to remember this by . No ! Don 't take a picture ! Tilt the chin a bit . Clutch the apron . Come on . Bigger smile ! Kyon . Take over as cameraman . Mikuru-chan . Let 's make you a little sexier . No ! Wha-What are you ... { \ 3cH000000 } - It 's fine ! It 's fine ! How is this fine ? Well . I shouldn 't be talking when I 'm the one pressing the shutter . No ! Yuki . Lend me your glasses . No ! And glasses on . But what are these pictures going to be used for ? Perfect ! A lolita with shapely breasts in a maid outfit wearing glasses ! It 's magnificent ! No ! Mikuru-chan . From now on wear these clothes when in the clubroom . You can 't be serious ... What is this ? Great timing . Let 's all have fun with Mikuru-chan ! { \ 3cH000000 } - Cut it out already ! I 'll pass . I 'm scared of what will happen afterwards . Don 't mind me . Please continue . More like come help stop her ! isn 't it ? Any more of this and you 'll be stepping on laws . What laws ! ? well . We already took a bunch of pictures . Now ! Let 's commence the first SOS Brigade meeting ! We 've done a lot to make it this far . We passed out flyers and we even made a homepage . The celebrity of the SOS Brigade in this school has skyrocketed . The first stage can be considered a huge success ! How can you call emotionally scarring Asahina-san a huge success ? However not a single tale of mysterious happenings has reached our brigade 's e-mail inbox and not a single student has come in for consultation regarding bizarre troubles . That 's because nobody has a clue as to what this club does yet . We didn 't even find out until yesterday . Someone once said ... Good things come to those who wait . we live in the modern world now ! You have to find the good for yourself even if you have to dig through the ground ! That 's why we 're going to go search ! For what ? The mysteries of this world ! seeking mysterious phenomena we begin our tour de city-wide search . 266 ) } Bicycles / Motorcycles 315 ) } No Parking 266 ) } Bicycles { \ alphaHFF } / Motor { \ alphaH99 } cycles 266 ) } Bicycles / Motorcycles 315 ) } No Pa { \ alphaHFF } rking 315 ) } No Parking " Next Saturday . " Meet at 9 AM in front of Kitaguchi station . heads will roll . huh . I really don 't want to waste my day off . Late ! Penalty ! This was Haruhi 's plan . Split into two groups and search the city ... contact the other group through cell phone . That is all . So these are the groups ... Today might be my lucky day . If I get to go on a date with Asahina-san treating everyone here is but a small price to pay . Kyon . Got it ? This isn 't a date ! Be serious about it ! Understood ? I know . This seriously isn 't a date ! I 'll strangle you ! And with those words the Haruhi team went off to search the east side of the station . but ... What do we do ? Right ? This is the first time I 've ever walked around like this . Like this ... ? All alone with a boy ... That 's very unexpected . You 've never gone out with someone before ? I haven 't . But you probably have guys asking you out all the time . But I can 't . I 'm not allowed to get involved with anyone . in this ... Kyon-kun . I have something to tell you ! After some stumbling over her words Asahina-san eventually caught herself and said this . but ... I do not belong in this epoch . I come from further into the future . I can 't tell you exactly when and which time plane I come from . 4000 ) } The information about the future that can be revealed to people in the past is severely restricted . 0 ) } Time cannot be viewed as something that flows continuously ... 3400 ) } ... rather time is an accumulation of punctuated planes . 2780 ) } Yes . Picture it as animation . It looks like it 's actually moving ... 3500 ) } ... but it 's actually composed of a sequence of still frames . 2900 ) } Breaks exist between one time and another time . 2630 ) } Though their rate of occurrence is close to zero . 3400 ) } That is why time has no continuity . 4800 ) } Time travel means moving in a three-dimensional direction across the accumulated time planes . Being from the future my presence on this time plane is similar to that of an extra picture added into a flip book . Now what ? Three years ago a large timequake was detected . Three years ago if you count from the current time . we were shocked . we were unable to go any further back in time . The conclusion was that a large time fault had appeared between time planes . We only learned the possible reason recently . Recently for the future I come from . And the reason is ... Suzumiya-san . Not again ... We found her in the center of the time warp . The rest is classified information so I 'm unable to explain any further but we can be certain that Suzumiya-san was the one who sealed the path to the past . I really don 't think Haruhi is capable of something like that ... We also find it a mystery . Suzumiya-san is unaware that she was the origin of a timequake . I was sent to observe if any new time variations will appear near Suzumiya-san . Um ... It 's like surveillance . You probably don 't believe any of this . Not exactly ... But why are you telling me this ? You are the person chosen by Suzumiya-san . The details are classified so I can 't explain . But you are probably an important person to Suzumiya-san . Every action she performs has a reason behind it . Then what about Nagato and Koizumi ? Those people are extremely similar to me . I never would have expected Suzumiya-san to assemble us in such a precise fashion . Asahina-san ? That 's classified information . What 's going to happen to Haruhi now ? Classified information . If you 're from the future ... . ... you should know what 's going to happen ... Classified information . And wait ... What will happen if I tell Haruhi everything ? Classified information . I 'm sorry ! I don 't have enough authority right now . It 's okay if you don 't believe me . I just wanted to let you know . I heard something similar a few days ago . I 'm sorry about suddenly telling you all this . I don 't really mind ... First an alien ... Now a time traveler shows up . What 's going on here ? let me know . We can trade places . Asahina-san . Yes ? Can we put this all on hold ? Just set the matter of whether or not I believe you aside and put this on hold . Yes ! But may I ask one thing ? What is it ? Please tell me your real age . That 's classified information . a call suddenly came from Haruhi and we were set to reassemble at noon . Results ? None . Were you even looking ? Mikuru-chan ? Did you guys even find anything ? Haruhi told us to split in two again . I drew unmarked again . Meet in front of the station at four . You better find something this time ! And with that said ... we split up searching north and south . We 're responsible for the south side . About what you said the other day . What ? I 've started to feel a little like I can believe you . I see . If you need to kill time with Nagato in tow this is the only place I can think of . 184 ) } Central Library 0 ) } [ Escape From the School ! ] boy ... you moron ! ? Sorry . I just woke up . You lazy dumbass ! 495 ) } Haruhi Suzumiya 407 ) } [ Talking ] 402 ) } 9 sec . We were supposed to meet up at four ? Get your ass back here ! Within thirty seconds ! This was when the struggle began . is apparently rooted to the floor I had to get her a library card so she could borrow the book . Ignoring the flood of calls from Haruhi during that time . Late ! Penalty ! after yielding no results nor satisfaction and wasting time and money like some kind of a joke today 's outdoor activity came to a close . Asahina-san ... Thank you for listening to what I had to say today . which wasn 't a bad feeling at all . What exactly were you doing today ? What about you ? Did you discover something interesting ? they 're not careless enough to let you find them in one day . we 'll have a review over today 's behavior . she left . 49 ) } Your illegally parked bicycle 135 ) \ cH5B825D } has been confiscated . This has to be a dream . A new week begins . We 've reached the point where the humidity of the rainy season leaves us sweating early in the morning ... Haruhi didn 't show up until right before the bell rang . Fan me too . Fan yourself . Suzumiya . Have you ever heard the story " The Bluebird of Happiness " before ? What about it ? No . Nothing really . Then don 't open your mouth . After spending the day being showered from behind by Haruhi 's depressing aura of displeasure like a field mouse sensing an impending bushfire I scurried to the safety of the clubroom . there was someone I wanted to talk to . Koizumi . Don 't you also have something to tell me concerning Suzumiya ? The " also " would imply that the other two ladies have already approached you . How much do you know ? I guess . That makes things quite simple . That is exactly the case . Why don 't you start by telling me your true identity ? I am an esper . You can think of me as such . I wasn 't intending on a sudden transfer to this school but the situation had changed . Surely ... I couldn 't have anticipated that the two of them would join forces with Haruhi Suzumiya so readily . I 'm sure we 'll have another opportunity to delve into the details . Seeing is believing . I also have something I would like to show you . I 'll just give you a summary . The " Agency " I belong to includes a number of other espers . there are a number of agents planted in this school . And ever since our creation three years ago we have been observing Suzumiya-san . Everything began three years ago . Something happened then . That was when I discovered within me what could only be described as ESP . What does Haruhi have to do with what happened three years ago ? Perhaps this world is but a dream a certain being is seeing ... That is what the higher-ups in the " Agency " believe . And because it is just a dream creating and altering this world we call reality is but child 's play for that being . And we know the name of the being who is capable of such acts . You mean Haruhi ? Humans have defined such a being as God . Haruhi . Look at it this way . Could espers such as ourselves and characters such as Mikuru Asahina and Yuki Nagato so coincidentally appear at the same time ? This happened because Suzumiya-san wished for it . And it probably happened three years ago . So you 're saying that Haruhi remade the world three years ago ? Rather than remade perhaps we should say that the world began three years ago . this is but our theory . Whatever . So . What do you people intend to do with Haruhi ? If this world loses the favor of God it could simply be destroyed and recreated at whim . I happen to feel some attachment to this world . Why don 't you just ask Haruhi ? There are those within the " Agency " who indeed advocate such a measure . As well as diehards who seek to further stimulate her . the majority is of the opinion that we should not interfere . She has yet to realize her true potential . In that case we are of the idea that she would be better off not knowing and living out her life in peace . huh ... Precisely . Are you sure you guys aren 't the ones dreaming ? a possibility . However ... we are simply operating under the assumption of a worst case scenario . Here 's a test then . right ? Show me your power . Then I 'll believe you . For example reheat this cup of coffee . My power cannot be so easily apprehended . I usually hold no power at all . A number of conditions must be met before I can use my power . As I said at the beginning I 'm sure there will eventually be an opportunity to show you . Sorry to drag on so long . I 'll excuse myself for today . That 's right ! The biggest mystery would be you . I investigated a number of things concerning you ... .. and I can assure you . You are an ordinary human . Excuse me ! You don 't have to obediently follow Haruhi 's orders . That day Haruhi never showed up . 408 ) } CHIEF
