 I do . So she led us ... to the back of her apartment building . Oh ? They 're all used to people . black cat ... Oh well . Let 's go with this one . She changed the setting again . but we 'll have to make do . this is your partner . Be sure to get along ! 43 ) } The Sigh of Suzumiya Haruhi V and it seemed the location no longer mattered . { XMtS : changed it from present tense to past tense since it sounded really weird } attack Mikuru-chan ! Take this . cut ! Nice ! Let 's have the cat talk . It 's a witch 's cat after all . It should say something sarcastic . No way ! Your name is Shamisen . say something ! As if it would talk . please don 't talk ! Shamisen ? also called a sangen . this is good . you can take care of the cat . Take it home and teach it a trick or two for tomorrow . Like jumping through flaming hoops or something . that 's it for today ! Tomorrow is the long-awaited climax ! The filming is going perfectly ! { XMtS : orig. line " The filming is in great shape ! It 's going perfectly ! " there was no reason for it to be that long and the first sentence just sounded weird } Get some good rest and prepare for tomorrow ! Bro } Good work . I 'll buy you some cat food later . Or maybe you 'd prefer dried sardines ? I 'd be fine with either . Nagato ? { dropped the 1st " now " that was after " Hey " since it seems weird to use " now " twice like that - Nazo } I was asking the cat . and so I answered . Did I say something wrong ? How shocking . A greeting from a tortoise-shell cat . No . That 's not what you should be surprised about . I 'm surprised . A cat is talking . I don 't know why you 're all so surprised . Is it a demon cat or a Nekomata ? Note : A Nekomata is a mythical two-tailed monster cat . It 's true that I may be making sounds which you perceive to be human speech . how are you certain I 'm making these sounds intending the meaning you think they imply ? That 's obvious . You 're answering my questions . It could just be that the sounds I 'm making coincidentally sound like answers to your questions . then even the validity of human conversation comes into question . That is absolutely true . Even supposing you were performing some action that appears to be a conversation there 's no way for you to confirm that your will is being communicated through it . Everyone does have a social mask hiding their true feelings . You shut up ! it makes sense ... Right ? but could you also be quiet please ? The current situation isn 't good . It seems we were still underestimating Suzumiya-san . what do you mean ? It 's possible that Suzumiya-san 's movie setting will become reality . If she decides to film a scene where a meteorite falls it might actually happen . So what should we do ? we must prevent the invasion of reality by fiction . she is subconsciously mixing reality and fiction . She 's really getting carried away now . Suzumiya-san 's abilities are manifesting themselves through the making of this film . we must make her realize that the film is nothing more than fiction and guide her to end the film in a logical manner . How do we legitimize a talking cat ? We won 't be legitimizing it . That would mean a world where cats can speak would be created . { XMtS : changed " constructed " to " created " } But that 's impossible in our world . So what about you guys ? Right . We exist thanks to Suzumiya-san . Same with that talking cat . Can 't we do something about it ? no explanation is needed . But the moment talking cats and Mikuru-beams are proven to be real our world will transform from a world without the supernatural to one where supernatural occurrences happen often and are considered normal . { XMtS : this is a little long } So what should we do ? We just have to come up with a movie-like ending that she can accept . Does such a thing exist ? It does . everything that 's happened can be concluded logically with a certain ending . Say it . " It was all a dream . That 's not meant to be a joke . Do you really think Haruhi will accept that ? It may be difficult . or a mistake is the best solution . maybe . It might even be good from my standpoint too . But what about Haruhi ? Nazo } Make sure you act cat-like . I 'll cooperate . { Added comma after ' cat-like ' - Nazo } Don 't talk ! Just reply with " nyaa Nyao . cat ! Nyao . Whoopsie daisy . Sure is wet . See you later then . Very well . Our school is now only days away from the culture festival . the aura of enthusiasm has risen steadily . Hurry ! We must find the legendary crystal crescent ! What ? W-W-What ? it wouldn 't surprise me if there were a few people around from an alternate universe . Kyon-kun ! Mikuru says she has something to tell you ! give it to him . Um ... this is a ... { Added ' a ' to make the sentence make sense - Nazo } D-Dis ... Discount coupon ! It 's for the Yakisoba café our class is doing . Thank you very much . Please invite your friends to come too . see ya ! Kyon-kun . What is it ? it 'll sound like I dislike Koizumi-kun so I didn 't want to say it . Okay ... um ... I have a different opinion than him . { added comma - Nazo } it 's ... a different interpretation than Koizumi-kun . About Haruhi being God and such ? Suzumiya-san definitely has the ability to change the present but I don 't think she is able to change the way the world works . { Added " she " - Nazo } The world was like this from the start . that 's totally different from Koizumi 's explanation . I believe Nagato-san thinks differently as well . Um ... saying this might be quite offensive to him . { Changed " Koizumi " to " him " since she doesn 't say " Koizumi " - Nazo } Koizumi-kun ... um ... Don 't trust him too much . Um ... I didn 't mean to say it that way . Um ... Sorry . and there are restrictions on me . Um ... But ! I understand . right ? I find your explanation easier to understand than Koizumi 's . Thank you . But I can 't say this to Koizumi-kun . Please understand that . I believe Asahina Mikuru is stating the following : The world was not created by Suzumiya Haruhi but has existed as it is presently since the beginning . and other such supernatural anomalies existed from the beginning . and this ability manifested itself three years ago . she can never recognize them . This is because of an existence which prevents her from doing so . That existence is us . different from Koizumi 's that would make it inconvenient if Haruhi were to discover these strange phenomena ? Correct . She is here to protect the future she wants to return to . I have a feeling I was just casually told something really important . Koizumi Itsuki and Asahina Mikuru will never accept each other 's interpretations . each side 's theories shake the foundations of the other 's existence . Wait a second . Koizumi said he gained esper abilities three years ago . { XMtS : changed " esper powers " to " ESP " } There is no guarantee that Koizumi Itsuki is speaking the truth . It 's true there 's no guarantee . His explanations have just been plausible based on what I 've experienced . Who knows if that 's correct ? The same goes for Asahina-san 's logic . Who can guarantee Asahina-san 's side is right ? What do you think ? Who is right ? What was that self-evolution stuff you were talking about before ? you will be unable to confirm them . W-Why ? Because there 's also no guarantee that what I say is true . for you . I don 't get it . Is it even normal to understand ? I wish Koizumi and Nagato would explain things in easier terms . The only one who thinks that filming is going well is Haruhi . and my faces have become progressively colored with despair . the model guns have changed from shooting BBs to pressurized water . { Changed " lenses " to " lens " since singular makes more sense here - Nazo } more and more frightening things were fired . she ended up being bitten by Nagato . they all fell in a few days ! The white pigeons from the temple turned into supposedly extinct passenger pigeons . And apparently the Earth 's precession shifted slightly . { Capitalized " Earth " - Nazo } Kyon-kun ! Your friend 's here ! Hey . the fine details and subplots don 't really matter . she hasn 't even thought up an ending . It 's quite possible she 'll leave it incomplete . That 'd be troublesome . It 's our theory that we would be in trouble if the world became fiction . of the people whose philosophies revolve around Suzumiya-san my organization and Asahina-san 's faction aren 't the only ones . There are many others . the countless conspiracies and blood-stained struggles are all things I 'd love to tell you about . Alliances and betrayal interference and deception destruction and killings . Every faction has poured all their resources into this battle for survival . all this doesn 't have much to do with you . Or Suzumiya-san . Especially Suzumiya-san I 'd rather she never find out about this . I don 't want to darken her heart . Suzumiya-san has a likable personality . Of course you too . Why are you telling me all of this ? Slip of the tongue . There 's no particular reason . it 's nothing interesting . You 're right . It isn 't interesting at all . Let me tell you one more uninteresting thing . Why does Asahina-san cooperate with you and me ? Have you ever thought about the reason ? Her mission is to get close to you . to any extent . Thus it is imperative that she grab your attention . along with her cutesy actions . It 's all so you 'll look at her instead . I 'm tired of your jokes . I 'm sorry . It seems I don 't know how to make good jokes . I made that up . Did you take me seriously ? and my class 's play the pressure on me is pretty rough . I 'm not confident I 'd be able to handle it . That 's why I came to ask for your help . Please think of some way to stop Suzumiya-san 's film from generating these supernatural events . right ? She must be made clearly aware of it . before we finish filming . We 're counting on you . What 's with him ? Did he come here just to shove all the responsibility on me ? But ... I guess I can 't just leave things as they are anymore . Damn it . This is so troublesome . Film is film . Reality is reality . Whatever you think is up to you . How do I make her accept something that 's so obvious ? but isn 't there something else ? { Added " but " - Nazo } I offered my suggestion to Haruhi . she approved . okay ! { alright - all right - Nazo } Good work ! We 're done with all the filming now . Everyone worked hard . Let 's meet in the club room first thing tomorrow and have a preview screening ! it 's too early to be crying ! Save your tears for when we receive the Palme d 'Or or the Oscar ! Let 's be happy with this ! to send Yuki flying to the other side of the universe . { Removed comma after " who " and after " reason " and added commas . Maybe dashes might work better ... - Nazo } the curtains dropped ! That 's it ! Have we finally finished ? it feels like it all happened in an instant . They say time flies when you 're having fun who was it that had the most fun ? Mikuru-chan ! But Suzumiya-san ... That 's dangerous ... Who knows . Can I leave the rest to you ? Right now my head is full with the rehearsals for my class ' play . you can 't redo lines in a play . and one more thing . I 'd like to thank you on behalf of us and myself . All right ! Loudly now ! { alright-all right - Nazo } the singlur-plural thing would make it wrong ... and perhaps it sbould be " Our goal is to be a Hollywood blockbuster ! " - Nazo } We will grab the Golden Bear Best Motion Picture award ! That 's it ! point towards the future ! Good grief . I still had no idea what kind of movie Haruhi was making . not to mention we have no idea how to do it . Haruhi pouts . We can 't show something that isn 't even complete ! Do something about it ! you know . { since we 've been using " culture festival " ... - Nazo } We 're at our limit already . Couldn 't you make it on time if you don 't sleep ? { changed " didn 't " to " don 't " - Nazo } Just stay here overnight . I 'll help out too . Haruhi didn 't help at all . It seems after a while I fell asleep too . Kyon ! I said ! How did it go ? There was no point in staying overnight . The movie was still incomplete . Wow . This isn 't bad . but it 's pretty good for you . It wasn 't me . Who could have done this besides me ? Principle suspect : Nagato . Alternative : Koizumi . Out of the question : Asahina-san . Long shot : Mysterious person who has yet to appear . Something like that . Good morning . How did it turn out ? Good morning . Morning ! of course ! a full-length spectacle ! really ? That 's good to hear . Let 's watch it together then ! Mikuru-chan ! We 'll win the hearts of the viewers with this for sure ! Mikuru-chan ! all my duties disappeared . { since we 've been using " culture festival " ... - Nazo } All those changes to reality that occurred seem to have resolved . I just noticed that Shamisen couldn 't talk anymore . { re-ordered to make it less Japanglish . Orig : " Shamisen couldn 't talk anymore I just noticed " - Nazo } { WHERE IS DISAPPEARANCE } - Nazo } didn 't seem to show up during the festival itself . I wonder what they were anyway . 339 ) } Movie Screening in Progress The movie finished with a narration by Haruhi . and had to be done by the director herself . It was a magical spell that would cancel all the previous problems . This story is fictional . or any names and phenomena . It 's all made up . Any resemblances are purely coincidental . besides the CM scenes ! A big thanks to Oomori Electronics and the Yamatsuchi Model Store ! Give them lots of business ! Huh ? You want me to repeat it ? This story is fictional . organiza ... Hey Kyon why do I have to say this ? Haruhi seems like the kind of person who shouldn 't have any worries . her one worry is that the world is too normal . So what does she really mean when she talks things that aren 't normal ? she 's often thinking along the lines of " I can 't believe not a single ghost has appeared in front of me ! " and sulking . { The double negative sounds awkward . Perhaps " I can 't believe a single ghost has yet to appear in front of me ! " ? - Nazo } so listen up . What is it ? { I raabu you } right ? That 's right . What about it ? and espers closer to you than you 'd expect . Really ? Where and who ? and Koizumi-kun . it 's hardly unexpected . Eh ... . Actually ... That 's what I was going to say . What ? Are you an idiot ? There 's no way it 's that easy . that 's true ... which one 's which ? You 're going to love this . That Nagato Yuki is an alien . Integrated Data something or other . Some sort of lifeform like that . Oh right ! She 's a humanoid interface ! That 's it ! And what 's Mikuru-chan ? easy to explain . She 's a time traveler . right ? How many years ahead is she from ? I don 't know that much . She never told me . I get it now . You get it ? So that means Koizumi-kun is an esper . right ? Yes ! That 's exactly it ! { ^ _ ^ } Don 't screw with me ! This stupid girl . Why does she only use her common sense in the strangest places ? everything would be so much simpler . Thank you very much ! what would happen to this world would be anyone 's guess . Good grief .
