 Why don 't you tell me what you 're plotting ? Nothing at all . Honestly . Just so you know ... The " Agency " has nothing to do with this affair . Though I filed a report to be safe . What 's so bad about an overnight trip ? What I 'm concerned about is this trip you planned . I believe that Suzumiya-san was interested in the fact that it 's a privately owned deserted island . She said something about a closed circle . What 's a closed circle ? A mystery term . It refers to a situation where contact with the outside world has been severed . Uh ... Like being stuck in a mountain villa during a blizzard or finding ourselves in an isolated hostel right when a typhoon drops ? The concerned parties find themselves trapped by surrounding circumstances . closed in . What does that have to do with this trip ? It 's a deserted island remote from civilization . If a storm were to come it would be a closed circle setting on par with being trapped in a mountain villa during a blizzard . If you 're wondering why I 'm talking with Koizumi in the middle of the ocean it would be because I had no way to undo the meeting on that day I had finally recovered from the Black Monday we got our term exams back . right ? We have an important meeting today ! 397 ) } Remote Island Syndrome ( Part One ) If someone had showed up after I did I was planning on the punishment of eternally being It in a game of kick the can . I 'm sure I don 't need to tell you that I hadn 't heard a thing about a meeting today . The first SOS Brigade overnight trip of summer vacation has been decided ! Overnight trip ? Yep . Overnight trip . Why are we doing this again ? right ... Koizumi-kun ? One of my distant relatives happens to be quite wealthy . He has enough money to buy a deserted island and build a villa there . That manor was completed just a few days ago . Koizumi-kun ! For your achievements I 'm specially promoting you two ranks and naming you the SOS Brigade Deputy Chief ! 297 ) } DEPUTY CHIEF 321 ) } DEPUTY CHIEF 346 ) } DEPUTY CHIEF 372 ) } DEPUTY CHIEF It is an honor . Nobody 's jealous of you ! There you have it ! three-night extravagant tour ! remote island ! Something fun has to be awaiting us there ! okay ? 228 ) } U 213 ) } L 204 ) } T 189 ) } R 175 ) } A 158 ) } D 151 ) } E 147 ) } T 144 ) } E 143 ) } C 143 ) } T 143 ) } I 144 ) } V 144 ) } E Then let us consider detectives . The detectives found in literary work find themselves involved in baffling cases one after the other . { \ an8 \ 3cH000000 } Wait up ! Why do you think that is ? There wouldn 't be a story otherwise . Absolutely correct . Such incidents are fiction . They only exist in the unrealistic world of storytelling . However saying such metafictional things would be a bit too strong . Suzumiya-san actually intends to cast herself into such a world . she made the SOS Brigade ... didn 't she ... In order to encounter such unrealistic and mysterious incidents one must head to appropriate locations . the detectives of literature get involved in cases in such a fashion . There 's no way something is just going to happen so conveniently . Indeed . Reality is unlike the world of fiction . the remote island we are headed towards now is most suitable as a location for a murder in the view of the world . What world do you live in ? That 's gotta be one small world . Putting it another way ... Strange happenings occur wherever a detective goes . Humans labeled as great detectives possess the supernatural ability to attract trouble . Are you sane ? I believe myself to be always acting within reasonable boundaries of sanity . Detectives and closed circles and such matters are not a result of my own deliberation . I was merely tracing Suzumiya-san 's thought pattern . In other words she wants to become an ultra detective . This one ! So close ... How can you be close in Old Maid ? Okay ! Next person ! A pity . guess what . Kyon-kun tried to leave me behind . Because I wasn 't planning on bringing you along . No ! right ? Right ? Sorry for the trouble . I suppose that for Asahina 's smile I can let this slide . How much longer till we 're there ? The trip by ferry takes approximately six hours . I have arranged for an acquaintance to be waiting at the port . it will be an hour long voyage by private cruiser . The remote island and the manor atop it await us at the voyage 's end . so I don 't really know what the building looks like . It 's probably a strange-looking building . Say . Do you know the name of the person who designed it ? Why do you want to know that ? I didn 't inquire about that . Yay ! First out ! Amazing ! I believe he commissioned a somewhat famous architect for the job . At least I remember hearing something along those lines . Somewhat is more than enough . a manor that would satisfy Haruhi 's expectations ... I did it ! It would probably look like some gaudy building designed after ... Second out ! Yay ! ... three straight all-nighters and during an alcohol-induced stupor while periodically dozing off . Island ! Manor ! There isn 't anything more fitting for the SOS Brigade 's summer trip ! Done ! Third out ! Just so you know . The loser has to buy everyone drinks . I want 100 % fruit juice . I want cola ! Then I 'll have royal milk tea . You don 't get to order until you 're out . right ? Please don 't let anything happen . Please don 't let anything happen . The exact characteristics which constitute an incident remain undefined but I hope that this journey is a pleasant one . Little Sis ! Mikuru-chan ! Let 's head up to the deck . Maybe a monster squid will show up ! Let 's go ! Squid ? Nagato will have to act . boy ... stupid ? Get up already ! Do you even intend to be serious about this trip ? I took a picture of you waking up . And I took a picture of your sleeping face . You were sound asleep . My sleeping face ? Why would Asahina-san secretly take pictures of me ? Maybe she 's going to put my picture in a cute-looking frame and place it by her bed ... I must be really deep in dreamland ... What are you grinning about ? It makes you look like an idiot so you 'd best stop . I made Mikuru-chan the temporary SOS Brigade photographer for this trip . These are important materials needed to leave a record of our club activities for posterity . But I 'm the one who decides what to take a picture of . So ... How are pictures of me sleeping and waking up worthwhile material ? A picture of you sleeping with a stupid look on your face totally oblivious to the dangers of this trip serves as a warning to future generations ! Understood ? An underling snoring away when the chief is awake goes against morals and natural order and brigade code ! Come on ! Let 's go ! A mysterious island awaits us ! huh ... right ? It 'll be fine as long as it doesn 't suddenly rise out of the water or start moving . Do not worry . { \ an8 \ 3cH000000 } Guess what . { \ an8 \ 3cH000000 } This is my first time to a mysterious island ! There is nothing unusual about it . lone island . { \ an8 \ 3cH000000 } Really ? You won 't find any monsters or crazy scientists there . { \ an8 \ 3cH000000 } What about Mikuru-chan ? { \ an8 \ 3cH000000 } Have you ever been to one ? You have my word . { \ an8 \ 3cH000000 } I haven 't either . Your word is the one I trust the least . { \ an8 \ 3cH000000 } Really ... 125 ) } Ferry 38 ) } Terminal Arakawa-san . It 's been quite some time . 343 ) } Mr. Arakawa / Butler Mori-san . 342 ) } Sonou Mori / Maid Thank you for coming to meet us . Sorry to trouble you . These are my irreplaceable friends . I have prepared a boat over there . It will be a half hour voyage by boat to reach my master 's island . I must apologize for the inconvenience . It 's totally not a problem ! That 's what makes it a remote island ! Forget half an hour ... Take as many hours as you want ! I want a remote island out in the deep seas ! Kyon . Mikuru-chan . You should look happier about this ! A manor on a remote island ... And even a suspicious-looking butler and maid ! You could search all of Japan and only find two other islands like this ! You couldn 't even find two ! That 's amazing ! I 'm looking forward to this ! Is she trying to pick up on maid mannerisms from Mori-san ? She sure gets serious about weird things . So ? What do you call that building ? What do you mean ? Like the House of Black Death or Lilas Manor or Koketsu Castle ! doesn 't it ? No . Not particularly . It has a bunch of hidden mechanisms ! Or the architect died of unnatural causes ! Or there 's a room where any occupant ends up dying ! There are none . You could hear a pin drop . Say ! Does the master of the manor wear a mask ? Or maybe three gentle sisters exist inside his head and then everyone disappears ... There has been nothing as of this point . right ? That may be the case . I can see it ! Is that the manor ? That would be the villa . Looks kind of normal . Who 's that person ? Is he the master of the manor ? He looks rather young . He 's also an invited guest . 342 ) } Yutaka Tamaru / Master 's Younger Brother The master 's younger brother . Yutaka Tamaru-san . I 've met him once before . Tell us these things earlier . This is the first I 've heard about any other guests . Welcome ! 342 ) } Keiichi Tamaru / Master of Manor Hey . Welcome . I would like to express my sincere gratitude for your invitation . I truly appreciate the opportunity to stay in such a wonderful manor . I offer our thanks . my . You sure are different from what I heard from Itsuki-kun . I believe I got the impression you were more of a frank girl . Really ? big guy ! have any strange incidents happened in this manor ? And does this island have any ominous nicknames or terrifying legends ? I 'm interested in that kind of stuff ! While unfortunate for your interests no incidents have occurred here . The building was only completed a few days ago . And I haven 't heard anything particularly sinister about this island 's history . after all . Now . Let 's not stand here and talk . Please come inside . It 's a Western-style house so feel free to leave your shoes on . What a beautiful room ! It 's more ordinary than I expected ... Well . Why don 't we go with one person per room ? correct ? Of course . It isn 't automatic so you can 't lock yourself out but I 'd appreciate it if you didn 't lose the key . Little Sister can stay with me . Behave yourself . Okay ! The absence of anything suspicious is what makes this suspicious ! Then what if there was something that looked suspicious ? Then there you go . It 'd be suspicious ! as far as she 's concerned nothing can be considered free from suspicion . I 've figured it out ! Figured out what ? The culprit ! What culprit ? Nothing 's happened yet ! We just got here ! Keiichi-san ! His first victim will be Mikuru-chan ! We 're guests here . Stop thinking about that dangerous stuff ! yeah ? I know . We should have a swim first . Saying that people go to the beach for the sole purpose of swimming is no exaggeration . boy ... even Haruhi can 't be truly wishing for someone to die . This moment would be the highlight of this trip . Now this is what you call a trip to the ocean . Each person has his or her own way of having fun . People should spend their leisure time doing activities they enjoy . We must be sure to provide Suzumiya-san adequate entertainment to prevent her from being bored . Come on ! Kyon ! Koizumi-kun ! You guys get over here ! Me too ! Here ! Which one 's the beach ball ! ? Mikuru-chan ! This is really good ! Who made it ? also serves as chef . isn 't it ? I 'd love to offer my appreciation . Call him over later . too . She sure can eat . Would you like a refill ? What 's wrong ? I don 't like green peppers . If you don 't eat properly you can 't grow up to be like Asahina-san . We don 't get a chance to enjoy such a feast very often . Is this really all free ? If only the school cafeteria was this generous ! 155 ) } 50 Shots You 're so stupid ! And so we taking full advantage of Mr. Tamaru 's hospitality made it through the day without anything unusual happening . Well it would have been helpful if things had ended here . Snake ! Snaaake ! The morning of the second day . It was suddenly storming outside . My master is not a morning person . He has a hard time waking up . His absence in the morning is discourteous but I hope you can understand . Rotten luck . A typhoon just had to show up now . It appears to be a fast-moving one . I 'm sure it 'll pass in a couple of days . Storms both come and go without warning . But there wasn 't anything about a typhoon in the forecast yesterday . Just whose head did this storm pop out of ? But you know . Now we 're really stranded on a remote island in the middle of a storm . This is a once-in-a-lifetime situation ! A strange incident just may happen ... The waves appear to be far stronger than acceptable conditions for taking the boat out . we have unwillingly found ourselves trapped on this island . A closed circle . It couldn 't be ... Being unable to go outside we spent the day in the game room in the basement . Take this ! Super Ultra Miracle Excellent Trick Serve ! 303 ) } Kyon 351 ) } Koizumi-kun 299 ) } Yuki 320 ) } Little Sis 337 ) } Mikuru-chan 298 ) } Me 343 ) } Kyon 391 ) } Koizumi-kun 339 ) } Yuki 360 ) } Little Sis 377 ) } Mikuru-chan 338 ) } Me 411 ) } Kyon 459 ) } Koizumi-kun 407 ) } Yuki 428 ) } Little Sis 445 ) } Mikuru-chan 406 ) } Me 488 ) } Kyon 536 ) } Koizumi-kun 484 ) } Yuki 505 ) } Little Sis 522 ) } Mikuru-chan 483 ) } Me 17 ) } Champion 96 ) } Champion 172 ) } Champion 78 ) } ME ! 241 ) } Champion 147 ) } ME ! 296 ) } Champion 202 ) } ME ! 26 ) } Ping-pong Tournament ! 34 ) } Passion ! 323 ) } Champion 229 ) } ME ! 53 ) } Ping-pong Tournament ! 61 ) } Passion ! hey . Is that fun ? Okay . One left ! That 's what I needed . Probably worth ten thousand points . Suzumiya-san . That 's thirty-two thousand points . It 's a good thing we aren 't playing for money . well . You seem to be having fun . Perhaps I can join in ? Go ahead . Is transferring money between banks fraud ? I have some work to finish up so I 'll excuse myself now . Mr. Keiichi Tamaru and Yutaka-san ... And the Arakawa-san-Mori-san combo ... They seem pretty normal for acquaintances of Koizumi . We seem to need a few more characters before a strange incident can occur . One left ! Who 's the king ? It 's me ! Then number two ! Turn around then say " I love you " while looking backwards ! Who 's number two ? I love you . Yuki ! Put more feeling into it ! I love you . Kyon . You try it . Why me ? Because ! The king is ordering you to do it ! I — Forget it . What a capricious king . isn 't Haruhi always like this ! ? I was expecting to be able to just blissfully breeze through the remainder of this chapter of adolescence ... I love you . I love you . it ain 't over till the fat lady sings . I don 't know exactly which fat lady is doing the singing or where she 's planning on doing her singing ... But if I find out where she is I 'd like to put her out of commission for a year ! Haruhi . Too weak . Overnight trips are all about pillow fights ! How can you possibly have so much energy after staying up most of the night ? is it ? That would explain why after breakfast Suzumiya-san went around all the rooms on the second floor and gathered up the pillows . All you can throw ! So she confiscates our weapons before it even starts . Arakawa-san . Is there something wrong ? Yes . but he wasn 't there . Yutaka-san wasn 't there ? There were no signs that the bed had been slept in . Searching his usual spots yielded nothing . How about asking Keiichi-san ? In fact ... We tried contacting the master 's room through the intercom but there was no reply . What 's that ? Yutaka-san is missing and Keiichi-san isn 't responding ? that would be the case . How about checking inside Keiichi-san 's room ? Don 't you have an extra key ? The master 's room is an exception . The master holds the only spare key . There are documents concerning his work inside so it 's a precaution . We should go take a look . Kyon . Let 's go ! I 've got a bad feeling about this . too ! Little Sis stays here . Keiichi-san ? Keiichi-san ? Respond if you 're there ! It 's no good . Our last option . We must break the door down . We cannot afford to lose any time . Okay . Let us proceed . Is it only possible to break down doors in TV dramas ? It can 't be ... You 've gotta be kidding ... ?
