 After spending Tanabata in a state of melancholy ... 200 ) } [ Tanabata : festival celebrating the meeting of stars Altair and Vega on July 7th ] ... Haruhi made a full recovery from her blues during term exams and went back to doing whatever she wanted . 75 ) } Japanese 228 ) } Answer Sheet As for me ... I felt like the blue baton of melancholy had been passed to me ... Totally down in the dumps . taking her test in the seat behind me somehow always had time to spare and could usually be found sleeping on her desk thirty minutes before time was up . Annoying . so annoying . Annoying ! As far as Haruhi is concerned the SOS Brigade apparently never takes a break . 47 ) } Mystérique Sign Even during exam season when club activities were suspended this enigma of a brigade which wasn 't even a club or anything much like a convenience store met year-round without a break . Hey . Take a look at this . What is this ? Can 't you tell ? I can 't . I have no idea . It 's my SOS Brigade emblem ! Emblem ? drunken tapeworm to me . Look closer ! See . right ? When you put it that way I can 't say that I don 't get the feeling it doesn 't or does it ... But you can 't say that it wouldn 't be difficult to assert that claim . Well then . How many negatives did I just string together ? tally it up for me . You 're the one with the most free time ! I 'm thinking about putting this on the SOS Brigade 's top page . On that pathetic site that only has a top page ? The site you made won 't bring in visitors . You should feel mortified . We totally don 't have anything to liven it up . It 's because you got in my way ! And I was planning on attracting visitors with erotic images of Mikuru-chan . That 's why I came up with this ! How about putting up something like an SOS Brigade symbol ? Just delete this retarded homepage off the Internet already . The access counter hasn 't even reached three digits and ninety percent of those hits were you . Why don 't you write a journal ? Isn 't it the chief 's job to put up a task schedule ? Screw that . It 's a pain . too . Kyon . Make this symbol display at the top of the site . You do it yourself . I 'm the brigade chief ! The chief 's job is to give orders . if I do everything you guys won 't have any work to do . You should try to use your head every once in a while . You can 't become a better person if you just do as you 're told . Are you telling me to do it ? Or not to do it ? Which is it ? Just do it already ! I reluctantly took master artist Haruhi-sama 's portrait of a tapeworm did some half-assed resizing pasted it onto the file and uploaded it . I get a brief break ... which lasts until summer vacation . It would be the period when teachers mark my test answers wrong . this is annoying . At least I can go ogle Asahina-san for some peace of mind . Expecting to hear a " Yes ? " in Asahina-san 's voice I knocked on the door . Come in ! Oh . It 's just you . Yuki 's also here . She 's like an accessory for this room . You don 't have to include her . she 's a member of the Literary Club . But I should still correct myself . Oh . It 's just you and Nagato . You have a complaint about it ? If I were to list out my complaints concerning you I would end up completely covering both sides of an A4 sheet of paper . Knocking on the door ... yeah ? I 'm taking care so that I don 't witness a live Asahina-san clothes changing session . charming person can 't seem to remember to lock the door . What do you mean by visitor ? Don 't you remember ? right ? You 're the one who did it . Without obtaining my permission . What might you be talking about ? That poster you put up . that . a while back I appealed to the student council to allow the SOS Brigade to exist as a counseling group . 75 ) } We 'll listen to the problems 224 ) } you can 't tell anyone else 251 ) } The support the student body by overworking 282 ) } to make the world a better place 310 ) } Student Service Brigade ( student association ) 373 ) } A.K.A { \ 4cH947057 \ 1aH01 \ 4aH44 \ shad1.2 \ 1cH626EEA } S.O.S. { \ 1cH000000 \ shad0 \ 1aH66 } Brigade 342 ) } Club Activities 399 ) } Offer council concerning school life 418 ) } Consulting services 458 ) } Participate in local volunteer activities I even put up a poster and threw it up on a bulletin board I happened to see . Anyway . Look at this . Something 's weird . Maybe the computer 's acting up . The SOS Brigade emblem appeared distorted as though it had been gathered . And the counter and title logo were plain gone . It looked subtly different from the one I made . Looks like the file on the server is corrupt . How long has it been like this ? Dunno . It was like this when I checked today . Who should I complain to ? There 's no need to go complain . 182 ) } Confirm Folder Replace 212 ) } This folder already contains a folder named ' image ' . 249 ) } If the files in the existing folder have the same name as files in the folder you are moving they will be replaced . Do you still want to move or copy the folder ? 335 ) } Yes 335 ) } Yes to All 335 ) } No 335 ) } Cancel 335 ) } Ye 335 ) } Yes 65 ) } Uploading 103 ) } Remaining items ... 242 ) } Cancel Isn 't this strange ? Maybe it 's that . Those hackers or crackers people talk about ! Couldn 't be . It 's probably some kind of error . I 'm pissed ! Maybe someone 's committing cyber-terrorism against the SOS Brigade ! Who is it ? I 'll skip the trial and sentence him to thirty days of community service ! Come in ! Now this is rare . Asahina-san has yet to show up ? don 't they ? We could have gone home already so why are we all gathered here ? And Haruhi . Why aren 't you complaining about knocking when Koizumi did it ? 365 ) } Star 356 ) } Diamond 363 ) } Star 354 ) } Diamond 362 ) } Star 353 ) } Diamond 344 ) } Star 336 ) } Diamond 327 ) } Star 319 ) } Diamond 328 ) } Star 320 ) } Diamond 329 ) } Star 321 ) } Diamond 331 ) } Star 323 ) } Diamond 334 ) } Star 326 ) } Diamond 337 ) } Star 329 ) } Diamond 333 ) } Star 324 ) } Diamond 330 ) } Star 321 ) } Diamond 322 ) } Star 313 ) } Diamond 324 ) } Star 318 ) } Diamond I really can 't wait for Asahina-san 's tea . Wrong ! Wrong ! Wrong ! I spent the subsequent period of time ... Right ! There ! Left ! I said ! Wrong ! That was the sound of salvation . Come in ! Sorry I 'm late . I had tests until fourth period . The person who just appeared while humbly apologizing would be our clubroom 's exclusive angel . Asahina-san has descended . Um ... Well ... That is ... U-Um ! I brought a visitor . How can this be ! ? Nobody was ever supposed to come seeking counseling yet here 's our first one ! Her name was Emiri Kimidori-san . A second year who appeared soft-spoken and well-groomed . right ? Yes . Apparently she actually thinks the purpose of this club is to offer counsel or perform odd jobs . So what might be troubling you ... He hasn 't come to school for many days now . Did you try calling him ? He doesn 't answer his cell or his home phone . but he wasn 't there . What about your boyfriend 's family ? He lives by himself . I 've heard that his parents live overseas . But I don 't know how to contact them . Would they happen to be in Canada ? No . I believe it was Honduras . huh . I see . my ass ! I doubt you even know where it is . Uh ... Was it somewhere below Mexico ? His room was completely dark when I went at night . I 'm so worried ... I can understand how you feel . Like hell you can ! You can 't possibly understand how it feels to be in love ! In any case ... I 'm amazed you came to our SOS Brigade . What was the cause ? He mentioned the SOS Brigade numerous times . Who 's your boyfriend ? Ya — — . Who is that ? I believe he said that he was neighbors with the SOS Brigade . He serves as the president of the Computer Research Society . The one Haruhi took pictures of sexually harassing Asahina-san ! 263 ) \ 3cH2B2B2B } CG of stripping produced ! ? 162 ) \ bord2.5 \ 3aH00 \ 1cH151BF0 \ 3cHFFFFFF } Against his will 263 ) \ 1cHA4A4A4 \ 3cH636265 } CG of stripping produced ! ? 168 ) \ bord2.5 \ 3aH00 \ 1cH605F83 \ 3cH8C8B94 } Against his will 263 ) \ 1cH565656 \ 3cH9C9C9C } CG of stripping produced ! ? 172 ) \ bord2.5 \ 3aH00 \ 1cH9D9E94 \ 3cH8A8C8C } Against his will 263 ) \ 1cH040402 \ 3cHD3D3D3 } CG of stripping produced ! ? 176 ) } Against his will 263 ) \ 1cH040402 \ 3cHD3D3D3 \ 1aH55 \ 3aH55 } CG of stripping produced ! ? 180 ) } Against his will 263 ) \ 1cH040402 \ 3cHD3D3D3 \ 1aHAA \ 3aHAA } CG of stripping produced ! ? 184 ) } Against his will 188 ) } Against his will 192 ) } Against his will 196 ) } Against his will 200 ) } Against his will 204 ) } Against his will And then Haruhi used that as leverage to acquire a top-of-the-line computer ! 619 ) \ 1cHA4AA90 \ 3cH8D8D8D \ 3aH00 } By force 564 ) } By force 509 ) } By force 454 ) } By force 399 ) } By force 344 ) } By force 289 ) } By force 234 ) } By force 179 ) } By force 124 ) } By force 69 ) } By force 14 ) } By force - 41 ) } By force - 96 ) } By force - 151 ) } By force Even made him hook it up in tears . That pitiful computer president . I had completely forgotten about it . I got it . We 'll take care of it . Kimidori-san ! You 're in luck ! As client number one you get your problem solved free of charge as a bonus ! You were planning on charging people ? Hey . How could you so readily accept her request ... What if we can 't solve her problem ? We can . That president 's probably just cooped up with two-month late freshman blues . and drag him back here . She seems to seriously believe that . But if the president has someone like Kimidori-san for a girlfriend why would he shut himself in his room ? Are you friends with Kimidori-san ? I never talked to her until now . She could have taken her problem to a teacher or the police . No . She already talked to them but was ignored so she came to see the SOS Brigade ? I 'm sure that 's it . Haruhi seems to see this as an opportunity to attract bigger cases and solve every last one of them . It might be a good idea to pass out flyers by the front gate again . The president 's residence was a studio apartment located in an everyday commonplace three-story building looking neither old nor new . Okay ! huh ? I wonder if there 's a way to open it . It should be the other way around ! How about we circle around to the balcony in the back ? right ? This room is on the third floor and we aren 't some youth gang of career burglars . I don 't want a criminal record yet . Guess so . Let 's go talk to the landlord and ask for a key . he 'll lend it to us . You sure use that story a lot . She stared at me with eyes like liquid helium . Oh ? It was open ? I didn 't notice . well . Come on . Let 's go in . He 's probably hiding under his bed or something . We 'll drag him out and capture him . she doesn 't feel a single atom of guilt about plundering his computer . That 's odd . I figured he 'd be scrunched up into a ball in some corner hugging his knees . Kyon . Do you know anywhere else to find someone suffering from a two-month late case of freshman blues ? 170 ) } Understanding { \ 1cH201A15 } LAN 's 239 ) } Computer Networks 157 ) } Dictionary of Computer Jargon 190 ) } Emangelivion Storyboards Volume One 230 ) } Essays on Stag Beetles 201 ) } The Hitchhiker 's Guide to Central / South America 192 ) } Disappearance Diary Revised 392 ) } Doorbell Prank to Tomorrow 198 ) } The NEET Revolution ~ Work is for those who 224 ) } Calculator Man Is he on a trip to Central and South America ? Or are his whereabouts really hidden ? It would be best if we left . I think this is the first I 've heard her speak today . I agree . Don 't use a serious tone . Don 't breathe on me . Your face is really close . Freaking me out . I feel strangely out of place . I am familiar with a similar sensation . { \ 3cH000000 } - Found warabimochi ! 200 ) } [ Warabimochi : summer confection of bracken starch and sweet toasted soybean flour ] It expired three days ago . Let 's eat it so it doesn 't go to waste ! Mikuru-chan ! { \ 3cH000000 } - No ! What similar sensation ? Closed space . This room smells the same as that place . That 's right . You 're an actual esper . A dimensional rift exists . Phase conversion is occurring . Looks like we should pull out immediately . I 'm hungry . Everyone 's dismissed for the day ! hey ! What about solving the case ? It 'll work itself out . See ya ! It seems like she 's already bored with this . Um . What 's the matter ? Why did you tell us to reassemble without Suzumiya-san noticing ? Those two are concerned about the room we were just in . Right ? Yes . We should learn more once we go back there . Nagato-san ? A limited-area amalgamated alternate timespace with non-corrosive tendencies is independently occurring in restricted mode within this room . It 's hard when you sound like you just randomly picked out words from a dictionary . The sensation I 'm experiencing is similar to that of closed space . That space originates from Suzumiya-san but this gives off a different scent . Nagato-san . Is the president 's disappearance a result of this abnormal space ? Yes . I should have told her to wait . I had no time to enjoy the sensation against my arm ... I was desperately trying to verify my current location . I 'm pretty sure I was in that cramped studio apartment . Not an eerie place like this . Entry code analyzed . This place overlaps normal space . A phase has merely slipped off . It doesn 't appear to be closed space . It is deceptively similar . a sector of this dataspace contains traces of junk data originating from Haruhi Suzumiya . How significant are these traces ? Of an inconsequent level . She was merely the trigger . I see . So that 's what it is . Are Asahina-san and I not part of this conversation ! ? Is the Computer Society president here ? It would seem so . This alternate space appeared in his room and trapped him within for some reason . Where is he ? Wait ! Could you tell me what you 're doing first ? I 'd like a moment to prepare myself . Nothing . It has come . Wha — What 's that ! ? I can sense a clear intent of animosity . They might have the means to defend themselves but Asahina-san and I can 't feel so secure ! Don 't you have like a beam gun or something ? It 's prohibited to carry a weapon . It 's dangerous . I can understand that . Not only is it likely that this person would still be useless even with a weapon she seems prone to accidentally leave it on the train . Are you aware of an insect known as the cave cricket ? I 'd like to show you what I 'm seeing right this moment . What is this ! ? I presume . That much I know . I 'm not asking about that . The Creator of this space . Could it be Haruhi 's doing again ? The origin lies elsewhere . But she started it . You can move now . While imperfect my power appears to be effective here . My strength is one tenth of what it is in closed space . Perhaps it was judged that this much would suffice ? Nagato . What 's the true identity of that bug ? Where 's the president ? A subspecies of data life form . It is using the brain tissue of a male student to heighten its probability for existence . Could it be that the president is inside this ? Precisely . I see ... This cave cricket is the president 's visualization of an object of fear . this alternate space will collapse . Am I wrong ? You are not . it 's quite simple . Due to Asahina-san engaging me in lower-body exercises I 'm about to lose it . And she 's taken away my ability to move so I can 't escape ! It won 't take long . Get it over with . Roger that . Fumoffu ! Repulsion field ! ? 432 ) } Scarab { \ cH3734D0 } healed { \ 1cHFFFFFF } your wounds ! Second Raid ! Did you get it ! ? It 's no use ? Is it over ? Looks like he 's alive . And we returned to the cramped studio apartment . Approximately two hundred eight million years ago . After landing on Earth it discovered that it lacked the means to exist on Earth so it went into hibernation to allow self-preservation . Once humans gave birth to computer networks it reached a half-awakened state . data of an amount incomputable using common numbers transmitted from a parallel world caused it to awaken . Data from a parallel world . That was the SOS Brigade emblem Haruhi drew . That was evidently the trigger . When this crest is converted to a terrestrial standard it holds approximately four hundred thirty-six petabytes of data . That 's ridiculous ! It wasn 't even a hundred kilobytes ! A symbol she just happened to draw ended up being such an incredible thing ... She truly is Suzumiya-san . I was seriously scared . It went too well . The formation of the SOS Brigade ... Just because Asahina-san was perfectly suited to being a club mascot and because Koizumi transferred in ... they became members . And as it turns out Asahina-san is actually a time-traveler and Nagato a pseudo-alien . If all of this came from Haruhi 's mind it would just fit too perfectly . Koizumi would tell me it 's because Haruhi desired it but I don 't believe that . after all . However what if there were another side to all of Haruhi 's actions ? What if I have some unusual power myself like the three of them or some kind of ability and Haruhi made me an SOS Brigade member for that reason ? Who am I ? Simply put ... I am the SOS Brigade 's only conscience . Making Haruhi stop her unlawful club activities to allow us to live out a normal high school life is the reason I am here . what exactly was that cave cricket ? A data life form . A relative of your patron ? Their origin was the same . these undertook a different path of evolution . And met destruction . Or so they thought . But a survivor was here . It didn 't have to hibernate on Earth of all places . It could have gone to sleep somewhere around Neptune . To think that the development of the Internet would be the breeding grounds for a mimicry of an evil god . Something 's strange . When Haruhi brought up the picture here and when she first completed the picture nothing happened . Because this room had already been transformed into alternate space . A variety of types of elements and force fields battled one another ... creating a state of saturation which means there is no further room for assimilation . So while I wasn 't paying attention ... huh ? I believe it to be harmless . Most likely . boy ... I can live without sudden changes in behavior or any urges to go looking for a hanging rope . I 'm working hard to prevent that from happening . Are you sure this isn 't happening because you 're working hard ? The access counter had climbed to almost thirty thousand ! This data life form placed hyperlinks in various locations to multiply . It copied its own data into the brains of humans who saw the sign which in turn created restricted space . since the data was damaged people who saw the sign did not necessarily end up like the president . From what Nagato said only eight idiots saw the correct image . And five of those were students in North High . We probably need to go save them . ladies ! Get your asses over here ! If you strain your eyes you 'll see that it actually says ZOZ Brigade . Nagato did a retake on the symbol and I pasted it on . The president came to school . Really . So it was just freshman blues or a lovers ' quarrel . isn 't it amazing ! ? Our access counter hit thirty thousand ! I guess visitors keep coming back for more . Could it be that she was the one who destroyed the data ? Kimidori-san . he apparently doesn 't have a girlfriend . Nagato was always at the center of this perfectly scripted scenario . If this all-purpose alien terminal had done something to Kimidori-san so she would bring us the case I wouldn 't be surprised at all . She could have set up the pretend client in an attempt to ease away some of Haruhi 's boredom . It couldn 't be that for all this time she 's been preventing weird incidents before they happen without saying a word . from the shadows . Nagato because you wished for it ? As an alien-made android living for years in a totally empty room ... Nagato ... Perhaps you also feel lonely when you 're alone .
