 dore dake no yoru wo koete bokura meguriaeta kono kiseki wo kasaneai shinjiau kokoro ga hoshiwataru ... ashita ga mienakutemo How many nights passed before this miracle brought us together ? fare the stars ... Never mind we cannot see tomorrow . Take good care of our princess . 127.8 ) } ABOVE THE RIM Destroy ! That ends this match . Toriena Heavens are good ! they 've since won eight straight matches in a row . you 're going down . Then we 'll see you in three matches . You think he 'll be in time ? He 'll come . that will be the League 's true tipoff . Good grief . I never thought I 'd hitch a ride on a living ship . if you can get it . It 's only because the crisis is here now that we were able to open the path to the moon at all . I wonder what gave people the idea for this . not an archaeologist . Thanks . How mature . Friends with the person your crush likes . What am I thinking ? right ? Dan 'll do that . We 've all chosen the tasks we must complete and the paths we must take . What are you going to do ? Bloodlines and genes ... There 's something that goes utterly beyond nitpicking over that stuff ... Something I found in basquash . But now ... Sela ... What 's that ? Aren 't you gonna go inside the ship ? You can 't see the moon once you 're on it . So you 're looking at it now ? Pretty much . What ? Rainbow Plaza . That was a building in my town ! Really ? We went there all the time ... We 'd shop for clothes or go out to eat or sit in a teashop ... Dad ! Mom ! Go on . It all hangs on this . { she 's speaking to the others who went in the ship } { alt tl : It 's the moment of truth . } do try to move faster ! honey ! Goal ! with no signs of letting up ! But it 's no use ! He can 't fill the gauge ! We 're still waiting for the legend 's goal ! right ? ! It better not fall back down from here ! It doesn 't look like we need to worry . It looks like we 're heading straight there . Straight where ? You gotta ask ? That light ... Dan ? We 're out of time . What are you dawdling for ? what 'll happen to us ? Hurry up and get here ! What 's that ? It 's a ship that shines . The legend of the starfarers ? Dan 's here . Yes . I 'd better go meet him . Monitor what Yan 's doing on the surface . Have the orbital interception system ready for instant deployment in case of an attack from the Kingdom . the moon had a royal line as well . it was a dynasty that ruled both Earthdash and the moon . and I stayed here on the surface . Our blood ... Our dynasty ... and now things have come to this . is because of our royal blood ... Is that truly what you believe ? why did you inherit the kingship ? Was it not for the sake of this land and its people ? We relay the voice of the stones to the people . That is our family 's power . I believed that carrying out my duties as king ... and bring happiness to everyone . Father ... Thank you ! This is pretty bad . Yeah . let 's hurry ! Yes . we 'll be right back . Rouge . okay ? Purple and Yellow ! everybody . Iceman ... to you ! DJD . They 're even shrimpier than Dan ! DJD ? DJD for Dan JD ! DJD ! Welcome ! DJD ... They 're glad to see us . You all fired up now ? I never intended on being any other way . / I intended [ being that way ] from the start " } What about you ? Welcome to Mooneyes . Now I 've finally used that moon passport of yours . The Board has registered Team Basquash as an official participant in the Legend League . We 'd like you to join the match lineup as soon as you can . We can 't afford to waste time . It looks like you 're right about that . It 's too cruel to call this a just reward . { alt phrase : just desserts / justice } The Man of Legend Touches Down in Mooneyes . A New Development for the Legend League ! Brother ... And Oscarman scores ! But the gauge stays stubborn ! The world can 't be saved unless someone becomes the legend ! Will their efforts bear fruit ? That 's what we 're hoping for ! Iceman ! Destroy ! Game set . Game set . Another match has ended without the legend 's reappearance . and maybe whittling away years of their lives etc . } so we don 't * need * to sub this . Editor decides } We will now have a three-hour break so the players can rest and have their mechs undergo maintenance . Enough time for a drink . That damned Dan JD . To think he actually made it to the moon . he comes to the moon : the man who throws the thunderbolt ball . The legend . Free will is what makes a person a person . { alt phrasing : Deciding your own actions is what makes you a person . } Someone who 's gotten on the " legend " train no longer has any will of his own . He 's a puppet . It appears the atmospheric friction has induced a magnetic field . Our hotlines will no longer reach Mooneyes now . We don 't need them to . Iceman . You 're late . Elegantly precise . Your re-tuning for the moon is marvelous . { humph sound } You must be the young man in charge of the moon . How come you 're lounging around here at a time like this ? Because it is a time like this . Where 's your grandchild ? Huh ? she 's repairing another Bigfoot . calling them the " Legend League " when you can 't even support the players properly . like usual . Now is the time Takeshi 's dream might really come true . but does address him directly as " omae-san " ( you ) . " Kid " sort of gets the mixture of rough and polite there } Sou . Sou " ... He ... We were waiting for you . Yeah . You have to become the legend . the only ones who can play well enough are my team and yours . Don 't you need a handicap ? Maybe . with no chance to warm up . how 's that sound ? Sounds good . No handicaps and no holds barred . I 'll hammer you into the ground before you even get over your spacesickness . and there on the moon the Legend League plays all alone . How are conditions outside ? What 's the problem ? sir . What ? sir ! What ? ! DAN JD ! DAN JD ! DAN JD ! DAN JD ! You 're our only hope ! Dunk Mask ! the players still fight on ... Now before them appears both a powerful ally and a new foe ! That foe is Team Basquash ! Dunk Mask ! Now is the time to show us the legend 's power ! fresh from their string of wins — Wait just a moment ! my older brother was ... wasn 't he ? I had heard he went missing quite a long time ago ... the secret of using ultinium 's power to become young again . it was real after all . Big brother ... The time has come to use that technique . Now is the time to use that secret and revive the thunderbolt 's power ! The king ... Our king is gone ! King Ascend ! The power of the royal dynasty ... Was it him ? You don 't mind ? We lose our chance to team up with Dan this way . Dan is strong . Besides ... Aren 't you curious to see it ? What a person who 's been called the Phantom can really do ? Make a giant ? Biology 's not my field . I 'm a mechanical engineer . I don 't mean make an enormous artificial human . Make a machine as a means for humans to become giants . That 's the load of crap kings always spout . It 's not just a matter of money . It also requires an operator with the right potential . Very good . Sou . The king of the moon . Yan ? so long ago ? Why bring that up now ? Ultinium-catalyzed activation of the cells ... A secret and forbidden technique passed down by the royal family . we made it possible to reinforce Eclipse . this whole time we may just have been dancing on the palm of one man 's hand . Miss Rouge ... switch with me . but we can 't beat them with me on the team . I ... I 'm too weak to support Miss Sela and Mr. Dan . We need you . You 're the one Team Basquash needs . Alan ... That 's right ! Alan . Rouge ! Huh ? ! B-But ... I could never do it . But that bastard Alan did it . He 's incredible . and I 'm not gonna fumble the chance you 've given us . } Rouge ? I 'm playing . Dan . there 's one more thing . It 's been ticking me off since I first saw it . Don 't fucking think you can mess around here ! how many times do I gotta say it ? not a gauge ! That 's how I 'm gonna show you the real legend ! your big brother 's gonna pull it off . okay ? Can 't beat that ! and just listen to you ! Sela ? He 's right . He 's right ! I 'm all right . I 'm the basquasher Sela Miranda ! just watch ! oh Aurora . What should I wait for now ? and the stones have abandoned me ? This is the time to walk on our own legs . No one but the royal family can perform our duties . but to your people . Stand up and speak out loud in your own voice . when she fights as Alan Naismith . Flora ... excuse us ! Bingo ! guys ? this is a long way for a beginner to come . okay ? Okay ! Sela ! What ? I 'm gonna settle things with you too . Nothing stops the hurricane until then ! Way ahead of you ! Rouge ! Don 't think you can retire halfway through this time . We 're gonna raise enough hell for the two of them too ! Stick with me till the end ! You don 't have to tell me ! I guess . you guess ? Don 't take your eyes off us ! We 're gonna stun the whole moon with the masterpieces you two made ! Don 't do me any favors . Dan ! Spanky ! Stupid Dan ? I 'm gonna let you eat your fill ! You get a shot at the whole world ! That sounds big ! Leave it to me ! Here we go ! Team Basquash ! Prepare to load the Legend Bullet ! You aren 't going to watch them through to the end ? The true legend probably wouldn 't be stopped by this . And any legend pampered with mercy or pity is worthy only of my scorn ! Understood . Begin loading the Legend Bullet ! Finally this time has come . Let us begin ! The highest and greatest basquash of all ! Tip off ! you say hello . would it ? Bring it on ! I figured he was something special . Now that 's what I 'm talking about . { ED THEME } 0 ) } NEXT TIME 13914 ) } NEXT TIME 500 ) } NEXT TIME 100 ) } boku ga boku no mama irareru basho sagasou 100 ) } tsuki ni terasare hashiridasu yo 100 ) } nurui shakai nado shikato shite 100 ) } bokura ga atarashii ruuru ni nare 100 ) } hora ! buchikowase kono te de 100 ) } kimi ga kimi no mama motomeru basho wa doko 100 ) } dare no iinari ni mou naru na yo 100 ) } yume wa shinjiro furikazase 100 ) } boku ga boku no mama iru tame ni wa itsumo 100 ) } shinjita omoi o tsuranukunda 100 ) } sou da saigo wa piisu shitai 100 ) } I 'm gonna look for a place where I can stay the way I am . I set off running . 100 ) } Ignore the superficial ways this world works ; 100 ) } we 'll make our own new rules . 100 ) } Look ! Break it down using your own hands . 100 ) } Where 's a place where you can stay as you are ? 100 ) } Don 't listen any more when people tell you what to do . 100 ) } Believe in dreams and flaunt your power . I need 100 ) } to carry through what I believe right to the end ; I wanna flip a peace sign for the camera . 100 ) } boku ga boku no mama irareru basho sagasou 100 ) } tsuki ni terasare hashiridasu yo 100 ) } nurui shakai nado shikato shite 100 ) } bokura ga atarashii ruuru ni nare 100 ) } hora ! buchikowase kono te de 100 ) } kimi ga kimi no mama motomeru basho wa doko 100 ) } dare no iinari ni mou naru na yo 100 ) } yume wa shinjiro furikazase 100 ) } boku ga boku no mama iru tame ni wa itsumo 100 ) } shinjita omoi o tsuranukunda 100 ) } sou da saigo wa piisu shitai 100 ) } I 'm gonna look for a place where I can stay the way I am . I set off running . 100 ) } Ignore the superficial ways this world works ; 100 ) } we 'll make our own new rules . 100 ) } Look ! Break it down using your own hands . 100 ) } Where 's a place where you can stay as you are ? 100 ) } Don 't listen any more when people tell you what to do . 100 ) } Believe in dreams and flaunt your power . I need 100 ) } to carry through what I believe right to the end ; I wanna flip a peace sign for the camera . 100 ) } 200 ) } sora wa takaku kaze wa nagarete 200 ) } tsuki no hadou yami ni toketeku 200 ) } dakara ima wa mae dake wo muki 200 ) } BELIEVE YOUR LOVE kono michi wo 200 ) } umi wa fukaku nami wa yoseteku 200 ) } kimi no kokoro zawameiite yuku 200 ) } dakara ima wa ue dake wo mite 200 ) } BELIEVE YOUR LOVE kono kimochi 200 ) } nageki no seiza no shirabe wo 200 ) } mune ni kizami soshite hashiri dasu 200 ) } bokura wa itsumo nayami nagara 200 ) } setsuna no kibou sagashiteiru 200 ) } shiro to kuro to ga majiwaru toki 200 ) } kitto kitto hatenaku 200 ) } hikari no saki ni mieru michi wo 200 ) } futari de aruku yume wo mita yo 200 ) } itoshisa sore wa wasureteita 200 ) } kimi e no yakusoku 200 ) } futari no yakusoku the winds are blowing . 200 ) } The moon 's surge dissolves into the darkness . never look back . 200 ) } Believe your love and the path you 're on . the waves are breaking . 200 ) } Your heart stirs within you . only look up . 200 ) } Believe your love and the way you feel . 200 ) } Engrave the song of the constellation of grief 200 ) } in your heart and take off running . 200 ) } We 're always unsure ; we 're always searching 200 ) } for a fleeting moment 's hope . 200 ) } I know it will be limitless . 200 ) } I dreamed that we walked together 200 ) } on the path I can see beyond the light . I 'd forgotten love . 200 ) } It 's my promise to you . 200 ) } Our promise . 200 ) } sora wa takaku kaze wa nagarete 200 ) } tsuki no hadou yami ni toketeku 200 ) } dakara ima wa mae dake wo muki 200 ) } BELIEVE YOUR LOVE kono michi wo 200 ) } umi wa fukaku nami wa yoseteku 200 ) } kimi no kokoro zawameiite yuku 200 ) } dakara ima wa ue dake wo mite 200 ) } BELIEVE YOUR LOVE kono kimochi 200 ) } nageki no seiza no shirabe wo 200 ) } mune ni kizami soshite hashiri dasu 200 ) } bokura wa itsumo nayami nagara 200 ) } setsuna no kibou sagashiteiru 200 ) } shiro to kuro to ga majiwaru toki 200 ) } kitto kitto hatenaku 200 ) } hikari no saki ni mieru michi wo 200 ) } futari de aruku yume wo mita yo 200 ) } itoshisa sore wa wasureteita 200 ) } kimi e no yakusoku 200 ) } futari no yakusoku the winds are blowing . 200 ) } The moon 's surge dissolves into the darkness . never look back . 200 ) } Believe your love and the path you 're on . the waves are breaking . 200 ) } Your heart stirs within you . only look up . 200 ) } Believe your love and the way you feel . 200 ) } Engrave the song of the constellation of grief 200 ) } in your heart and take off running . 200 ) } We 're always unsure ; we 're always searching 200 ) } for a fleeting moment 's hope . 200 ) } I know it will be limitless . 200 ) } I dreamed that we walked together 200 ) } on the path I can see beyond the light . I 'd forgotten love . 200 ) } It 's my promise to you . 200 ) } Our promise . 200 ) } 200 ) }
