 [ Woman ] # I 'm just a star # # I 'm just a # # My parents played this song at their wedding . - It 's really stupid . - It was just before they gave the rings away . Unnecessary information . My little cousin was the ring girl ... and she - she puked on their shoes . [ Both Laughing ] - Really ? - Yeah , it 's a true story . - Her name 's Kirsten - - Shh . I don 't have anything . Shut that off . # # [ Stops ] Put it up . It 's probably just garbage . [ High-pitched Droning ] Or not . Frequency ? 4.639 terahertz . Check the interferometric position . Right ascension - 23 hours , 39 minutes . Declination-minus 15 degrees , 41 minutes . Oh , man . Uh , check this . Signal origin ? - Mars ? - It 's linearly polarized . It 's focused ? Where ? What the hell ? There 's another one . 5.327 terahertz . This one 's coming from the ground . East - 20 degrees , 52 minutes , 30 seconds . - South - 24 degrees , 13 minutes , 38 seconds . - [ Typing ] What is that , South America ? It 's Peru . Just outside Nazca . This one 's polarized too . The signals are linked ? Twenty-two hours , 38 minutes , 15 degrees , 48.373 - Holy communicado . Okay , we 're gonna need a D.O.S. Autocorrelation on both signals . Mars is Alpha . Peru is Beta . Scanning . They 're interchangeable . Converse dissemination . Dude , whatever that Mars signal ... is pointing to in Peru ... it 's answering back . [ Droning ] [ Maddux Narrating ] When I was a kid , I used to lie on my back ... and look up at the stars and try to imaginejust what was out there - aliens or other worlds ... maybe some kid with pointy ears looking up at the sky like me . And every once in a while , I would feel a chill run through me - a realization that I was just a tiny part of the whole ... that it was all so much bigger than me ... and that there were so many questions for which I didn 't have answers ... not even a clue . [ Droning ] - Oh , my God . - [ Paula ] What is it ? It 's the craziest thing I 've ever seen , and I 've seen some crazy . This is what 's been causing our hallucinations . - Yeah . Have you seen that before ? - [ Ted ] No . It 's the farthest I 've ever made it into this room . - [ Droning Continues ] - I had no idea it 'd be so - So beautiful . That singing . How is it singing ? - It 's organic . - It looks like molten lava . [ Zoe ] Definitely . Maybe alive . Did you know about this ? I 'm as surprised as you are . Ladies and gentlemen ... for those of you not cleared before , welcome to Beta . You are now all security level 12 . [ Zoe ] Is it radioactive ? [ Ted ] It emits low-level gamma . Donner , you might wanna check the door monitor . [ Wass ] Look at the way it 's moving . You see how its shape is evolving but it stays contained ? It 's maintaining that continuous movement by folding in on itself . You know what that is , my friends ? That 's self-similar fractal structure . It-It 's fractal . It 's-It 's a fractal . - It 's fractal . - [ Jen ] Like my tomatoes . - Exactly . - There 's more of 'em . There 's seven of these containers . Only one of 'em 's full . Ted ? [ High-pitched Droning ] - Where is that coming from ? - I don 't know . It 's not in here . Then where ? [ High-pitched Droning ] Is it coming from Venus ? Sound can 't travel in space . How can we be hearing it ? Tomatoes don 't grow in fractal patterns . This is ... new science . Listen . It 's like they 're talking to each other . So there 's another object down there ? And one on every single one of our landing sites . We 're gonna be collecting these things , aren 't we ? [ Maddux ] When did she tell you ? The night you and I came up . Four years together , I never had a clue . - All right , why didn 't they tell us ? - You know the party line . - Security . - Is there more ? Well , if there is , I 'm just as much in the dark about it as you are . [ Man ] Antares , they 're ready to start the briefing . Roger that . Today you are presenting our new mission to the world . It 's your coming-out party - your introduction to the press ... and an opportunity for you to shine . But let me assure you . These guys are ruthless andjudgmental . It 's first-impression time , people ... and it 's up to you to make a good one . - Think if we shine hard enough , they 'll forget about Mars ? - Sure worth a shot , baby . Six years , seven planets . This is a grand tour of the solar system . Eight billion miles to explore , sample and analyze data . Make sure you cite your own individual areas of expertise ... and explain how that will be utilized on the mission . - Good luck explaining that , Wass . - [ Mike ] If the press likes you , so will the public . Hypothetical nothingness , like your chances for getting on the mission . This is also when corporate sponsors start lining up to pick their ponies . So ... smile extra pretty . And good luck . You 'll need it . Nothing like a little pressure . - Donner . - Yeah . Neither one of you guys are to speak to any of the press today . If you wanna watch from above , that 's fine . But I don 't want you on the floor . - Wait . We 're banned from the floor ? - That 's right . We know more about this mission than any of these ASCANs . Decision 's final . Make yourselves scarce . Okay , let ' em in . [ Chattering ] Goss man is publicly handicapping us from being candidates on this mission . Yeah , well , he 's been doing that ever since we started . - It doesn 't even surprise me anymore . - Unbelievable . As hard as it is to believe , it 's not about the two of you . Look , you know these guys aren 't gonna let up on Mars . Given the chance , that is all they 're gonna ask you about . All right . So give us a chance to set the record straight . Let the new mission settle in . Get them excited about it . Then we bring you guys back in . - We want this mission to be successful more than anyone . - I know . And I also know that as far as candidates go ... you two are among the strongest we 've got - at least in my mind ... which is all you really need to worry about . [ Mike ] This has been a difficult and eventful day for all of you . We understand that . We know you have many questions , and you deserve answers . That 's why we intend to tell you everything known about the Beta object so far . - [ Man ] I 've got a question . - Please , hold your questions . [ Mike ] Fifteen years ago , the Hawk Creek Observatory ... a SETI facility funded by the Bertran Corporation ... picked up a radio signal coming from Mars . It was directed toward the plains of Nazca in Peru . Almost immediately , a second signal was then detected ... this time coming from Nazca . It became clear that something on those plains was answering back . I think it 's only appropriate ... that the rest of the story comes from Eve , as it was her experience . - I haven 't a clue . - [ Eve ] Up till this point ... you 've all been misled about what my role is at I.S.O. I am here solely because of the object . When I turned 18 , I joined the U.S. Crisis Corps . Two years earlier , I had lost my entire family to Hurricane Ophelia ... and I decided to devote my life to relief work and aiding other victims . And as you can imagine , there was plenty of opportunity . Four years later , at 22 ... I found myself in Nazca , supervising a relief effort . The region had been hit by a series of devastating mud slides and earthquakes . Some of you might have heard about it at the time . The damage was catastrophic . Villages disappeared . The Nazca Lines were almost completely destroyed . There was tremendous loss at every level . [ Chattering In Spanish ] - Muchas gracias , senorita . - De nada . De nada . - [ Woman Speaks Spanish ] - [ Eve ] De nada . De nada . The relief efforts were exhausting , as they always were . But the high altitude took an extra toll on all of us . I had a particularly difficult time acclimating . I couldn 't eat . But worse , I couldn 't sleep . God , it 's hard to breathe up here . I swear I could sleep for an entire week . I 'll settle for a night . At first I assumed it was the altitude . Then I started hearing this ... music . - # # [ Violin ] - [ Grunts ] Only at night . Usually around 1 : 00 or 2 : 00 in the morning . Seemed tojust float in on the wind . Eve ? You all right ? Do you hear that ? What ? The music . The-The violin . # # [ Continues ] I don 't hear anything . - It sounds like it 's coming from the plateau . - The plateau ? There 's nothing on the plateau but rocks and mud . I know . Maybe the villagers are doing some kind of anti-rain dance or something . Right . The music wasn 't random . In fact , I knew it well . It was a song from my childhood - this simple song I used to play on my violin when I was a kid ... one I thought I 'd composed myself . I truly thought I was going crazy . Night after night , I 'd lie awakejust listening to the sound ... unable to fall asleep . I felt so alone - completely and utterly alone . There was no one who 'd truly understand . And I knew that the only thing for me to do was to find it . It didn 't make any sense , but it didn 't matter . I was compelled - compelled to follow it into the night . [ Panting , Grunting ] It took me up this mountainside ... onto the high desert plain . It 's a huge area , over 70 square kilometers # # [ Violin ] - and still , very still at night . And then the music ... leading me like the Pied Piper ... about six kilometers , and I stopped . There was nothing unusual about the location . No markers . No lines . The intensity of the music was overwhelming . - It seemed as if the ground beneath my feet was vibrating . - [ Rumbling ] So I started to dig . [ Grunting ] - # # [ Violin Continues ] - [ Rumbling Continues ] And that 's when they came . [ Helicopter Blades Whirring ] That was my introduction to the Bertran Corporation . - Your name . - Eve Weller . - American . - I 'm here with , uh - I 'm in-in Nazca with the U.S. Crisis Corps for the relief effort . That camp 's several miles from here . I know . I walked it . In the middle of the night ? Yes . I 'm sure you had a good reason . Not at all . - You understand this is a highly restricted area . - L-l - No . I had no idea . And that the government of Peru has given us the authority to detain anyone ... who violates that space for as long as we deem necessary . If you 're trying to frighten me , it 's working . - Just tell us what you were doing . - Um - I was hearing music . I was trying to find it . Out there in the middle of the night ? Yes . Like a concert in the desert . No ! No , it wasn 't like that at all . Okay , there was music coming from in the ground ... under the dirt . [ Sniffles ] So if I 'm going crazy , I 'm going crazy . Lock me up . Show us where it 's coming from . # # [ Violin ] Can you still hear it ? Yes . It 's getting louder . [ Eve ] Part of me was terrified . Part of me was thrilled beyond belief . 'Cause I knew something was about to happen . Something incredible was about to be revealed . Then the music from the ground stopped . - # # [ Stops ] - [ Rumbling ] - [ Men Chattering ] - Get out of there ! Move ! Move ! [ Droning ] What is that ? I don 't know . My God . The object was glowing , floating . It was ... the most sublime thing I had ever seen . And when I laid eyes on it ... I felt linked to it . And I knew instantly that we ... the object and I , were in some way connected . You will never say a word about this to anyone . Your lover . Your family . No one can ever know . Tell me you understand that . I understand . - Completely . - Completely . Start walking back to camp , Eve Weller , and don 't look back . [ Eve ] I didn 't walk . I ran . And at dawn , I arrived back at camp . [ Exhales ] So if any of you are like me ... you 'll probably have trouble sleeping for the next few weeks , trouble eating - And it 's normal after experiencing something like this ... something so profound . Uh , I didn 't have anyone to talk to . But you do . So take advantage of that . But you must understand ... that , like me ... this must - absolutely must be kept from your friends and family . This cannot , at this point in time ... be let out into the world . Questions . [ Zoe ] Can you tell us what happened to the object after it was uncovered ? Yes . It was taken to Nevada for examination and analysis ... where it was determined to be organic ... although composed of elements not found on our chart . Can you issue the breakdown spectroscopy ? Yes , we can upload the spectra charts and reports . - Anything on its movement ? - Its shape and movement is mathematically fractal . However , we have no idea how it levitates or why . What about the empty containers in pod 4 ? The Beta object - the second object of discovery-was unearthed in Peru . We believe the Alpha object is on Mars ... the source of the original radio signal . That 's two out of seven . Five other focused signals have communicated with the Beta object over the years . The Gamma object is on Venus , Delta on Mercury ... Epsilon on Europa ... Zeta on the rings of Saturn ... and Eta ... on the surface of Pluto . And I 'm gonna hazard a guess that it 's gonna be our job to go pick these things up . Yes . That is the primary goal of the Antares mission . [ Zoe ] Mind if I ask another obvious question ? What 's that , Barnes ? What do we do with these objects after we collect them ? Well , that 's the leap of faith here . Either the objects are going to tell us ... or we 'll have to figure it out . Why didn 't you tell me ? [ Rollie ] Believe me , I wanted to . I hated lying to you . It was killing me . And I hated leaving you alone up there . That 's what you were trying to tell me when you left . - Yeah . - I wanted to go back with you . You couldn 't , Jen . It chose you . And what about you and Ajay and-and your heart plaque ? For some reason , it - they wanted Donner and Ted . - I don 't feel chosen . - You are . Trust me . You 're the biologist on this mission . This could be your legacy , Jen . You 've always talked about finding life somewhere else . Well , this is it . Did you ever see it ? Yeah . Yeah , a couple times . What did it look like to you ? It looked like what it looks like . Did it ever communicate with you ? No . No , it didn 't . L - I guess there wasn 't enough time . I guess . Hey . I 'm here for you . [ Sighs ] No , you 're not , Rollie . You 're 38 million kilometers away . [ Woman ] Now , what do you think of your chances to make the crew ? I think they 're strong . Of course , I leave that up to my Lord and Savior . Sounds like an oxymoron - a praying scientist ? Well , the more I learn about the intricacies of our universe , the greater my faith becomes . As a geologist , I 'm excited by the opportunity ... to find a tangible link between us and our neighboring planets . [ Droning ] Well , I 'm a theoretical physicist . So , um , I 'll just be along for the ride , I guess . To explore how far man can push himself - physically , mentally . Discovering alien life-forms has always been a personal dream of mine . [ Exhales ] [ Maddux ] Probably not a good idea to spend too much time in here . - [ Droning ] - Ted says it throws off radiation . What do you think it wants from us ? No idea . You know , when Eve was talking about being connected to it . I kept thinking about the dream - our dream . - Yeah ? - Yeah . You think that 's where this is gonna lead ? That 'd be messed up . There has to be ... some sort of plan here . Doesn 't there , Donner ? Some reason for all of this ? There has to be . [ Droning Continues ] Enough ! It 's driving me crazy . It 's fractal . [ Chuckles ] Fractal object . Fractal tomato . Fractal music . This could be the language of the universe . It 's not what I came up here to do . They should have told us . Yeah , but think about it . What if this had leaked before we left ? Do you think the world 's ready for alien objects that screw with your head and sing ? For spending 10 trillion tax dollars on an intergalactic scavenger hunt ? - This isn 't intergalactic . - And it isn 't alien . Well , whatever it is , if it leaked out ... we 're talking stock market crashes , people jumping off of bridges . - This could lead to disaster . - Only for those who don 't believe . " The Lord shall roar from on high ... and utter His voice from His holy habitation . " - What 's that , Paula ? - Jeremiah 25 : 30 . The trumpet blast of the Lord . It 's the coming of the rapture . Don 't you see ? It 's what this is . - It 's what it has to be . - Is that what your little black book tells you ? Those that hear the Lord 's trumpet will be saved . And those that don 't will be damned . If it 's your Lord ... will you please tell him to shut up ? There 's much written about vimana ... flying machines from ancient times that were said to fly from Borneo ... to what is now Peru , to Nazca . - You serious ? - Mm-hmm . There 's actually a translation of the Vedas ... that speaks of jumping into space speedily with a craft ... using fire and water . So , you think this is a good thing ? You don 't ? You don 't even know what they 're going to do with them . Sometimes it 's about the journey . I 've always believed that despite what we might have wanted ... we are on our destined paths , Arnel . And this - this is what we 're supposed to do . [ Trevor ] And you 're both engineers , yes ? And thrilled to be here . Space is in our blood . That 's all well and good , and it sounds like a terrific adventure . But can 't robots be designed to do the same job with less risk ... - and for less money ? - It 's man 's destiny to reach out to the universe . - Regardless of cost . - It is an obligation . Despite the recent failure on Mars ? It is an obligation . - [ Computer Voice ] Mars primary landing site . - [ Beeping ] - [ Beeps ] - Ajay , are you there ? This has been quite a day , Maddux . Yeah , well , it 's still going . We 're gonna need each other more than ever , Ajay . - Yes . I believe that as well . - So listen . I 'm up here on the flight deck . I 'm trying to make sense of this new mission . Do we have new landing sites ? 'Cause I 'm looking at Mars , and - They probably haven 't uploaded the new sites yet . - Can you check on that ? - Roger that . How 's everybody taking it down there ? Sometimes new paths require a change in step . But we 'll adjust . Yeah . - Is there more ? - What do you mean ? Is there more that you 're hiding from us , Eve ? And do you know what these things want from us ? Or maybe - maybe you have another husband . - Ted - - Family in Italy or something . - No . - Feel like I barely know you . No . Listen . You have to believe me . There 's nothing . Okay ? I 'm done hiding things . All I wanna do now is help . Well , you know , we 're all really confused about this idea of being chosen . Now maybe you can tell the crew how you dealt with it . Uh - Sorry . Excuse me . [ Eve ] When they took the object away , I thought that was the end of it . You know ? That my connection to it would fade . Nothing was further from the truth . - Eve , are you okay ? - Yeah . In a way , it was worse . You know , I was weak , sick . I felt like a piece of me was missing , you know . Something had been torn away . I brought you some soup . Eve ? You have to eat something . You 're hurting yourself . You know what ? I didn 't care . All I felt was this pain and this consuming loneliness . The violin music that the object made you hear ... would you call it a hallucination ? Yes . Yes . Like you all were experiencing . It seems to communicate that way . We know it was personal to you since it was from your childhood . But do you have a deeper association of guilt involved with it ? The reason I ask is that my hallucinations were deeply rooted in personal guilt . I started playing the song - just this simple melody - when I was about four years old ... on my father 's violin . I was told I made it up , but I don 't actually remember composing it . My father was a pickup musician in New Orleans . So we had beat-up instruments all over the house . And I was particularly drawn to the violin . When I picked it up and started playing it ... my father declared me a child prodigy . He started giving me lessons . By six , I was playing Bach . And at nine , I auditioned forJuilliard . # # [ Violin ] - [ Clapping ] - They gave me a full scholarship . And that fall , I left for New York . - You know about any of this ? - Just bits and pieces . It was a lonely way to grow up . [ Sighs ] You know , I 'd see my family on holidays and a week or two in the summer ... but ... the violin was my life . And every time I picked it up ... I felt compelled to play my little song . When I was 16 , I was invited to Lincoln Center to play with the Philharmonic . And my family was trying to make it up to see me ... when Hurricane Ophelia hit . The , um-The Algiers levee broke , and they all drowned . So , was there guilt involved , Dr. Mintz ? I would say a great deal . Which is why I put the violin down for good ... and why I tried to get that stupid song out of my head ... and why I was so deeply disturbed when the object tried to serenade me with it . It knows of my guilt , Dr. Mintz . It knows . And it probably knows all of yours . [ Wass ] I haven 't even had a hallucination yet . Oh , that 's freaking me out . Look , nobody has to tell me what their hallucinations were ... but I would like to know if they were guilt-related . - Donner ? - Yeah . - Yeah , mine too . - I guess mine . I haven 't had one . All my sins are forgiven . I have no guilt . - You gonna let that slide ? - For now . But if that 's a common link ... it could be key in helping us understand what it wants us to do . [ Eve ] Well , I 've been waiting 13 years to have that question answered - ever since they came to get me . - [ Gasps ] - The object seems to be dying ... to be shutting down . Some of our people think it may have something to do with its separation from you . We need you to come back with us . You guys , whether we like it or not , we are all connected - to each other and to the object . There 's no getting away from it . There 's no escape . So I guess we 're all drafted . - [ Ted ] Well , there 's no easy way home , is there ? - [ Nadia ] Drafted into what ? No one knows anything . This isn 't a mission . It 's a - It 's a fairy tale . And what 's it going to do to the science ? - This is science . - Deep science . So are wejust supposed to give up all of the work we were planning on doing ? - Nobody said that , Jen . - Goss said that the objects were the primary . - Of course they are . - Yeah , that 's great . Yeah , that 's exciting . We 've all been chosen , whatever the hell that means . - But I came up here with some goals . - [ Ted ] And no one 's saying ... - you have to give them up . - All right , then fine . You know what ? Till someone tells me otherwise , I have work to do . Give her some space . [ Sighs ] Yeah . [ Footsteps Approaching ] [ Trevor ] It 's too nice a day to be wearing the weight of the world , isn 't it ? Must be having some serious problems in there to lock the press out . We had a solar flare drill . There were a few glitches . We 're working them out . And that 's about where the press release ended . That 's all you 're gonna get from me . You know , this flight of Antares - it 's a big-ticket item . There 's a great deal of public funding in this project - tax dollars that could have gone elsewhere . Social programs have suffered . Infrastructure . Relief and aid to many countries has been shut down ... and all for some grand tour of the solar system . Now , I don 't know about you ... but I think because of their investment and sacrifice ... the public has a right to be kept informed . Don 't you ? We 're not the enemy , Arnel . It 's the process thing . You get hit with big news ... and , like , you know , it takes time to settle in . Yeah . Just sort of expected her to handle it differently . I mean , I remember the first time I heard about sex . [ Chuckles ] Third grade . Jimmy Novak told me over lunch . I was like , " No way . He puts his what in her how now ? " You know , but after a bit , I accepted it . - Can 't eat bologna sandwiches anymore , though . No way . - You 're so disgusting . Do we have an update on the landing sites yet ? I 've been informed that the L.S. Coordinates will be uplinked ... on a planet-by-planet basis . So permission not granted . That 's a shocker . - There 's no reason given . - Well , you can be damn sure there is a reason . Perhaps it 's to keep your attention on Venus , Donner . I think that might be exactly it . Out . [ Beeps ] [ Ted ] Yeah , so , what if you see the slush hydrogen - Why , after all of this revelation ... would they be withholding the landing site coordinates for the other objects ? Eve said they 're not holding anything else back now . Well , then I think the two of you need to have another talk . Why bother ? You can probably retrieve them on your own . When you had your G.N.C. Glitch on the Venus lander ... it kept switching to the tertiary landing site . - So ? - That 's the L.S. They 've given us to pick up the Venus object . Programmers are lazy . I 'll bet the tertiary site on all of the landers is for the objects . She 's not only beautiful . She 's a genius . [ Ted ] And why do you need them now ? Because I got a real ugly feeling in the pit of my stomach . And itjust got worse . - 14.6 south , 135.7 east . - Gusev Crater ? We 're going back , Ted . We 're going back to the old base on Mars . All these years we 've been telling ourselves ... that these two missions have nothing to do with each other . This is history repeating itself . We were there to pick up the Alpha object . Donner , this doesn 't track . Bertran had nothing to do with the last mission . - How do we know that ? - Eve didn 't join I.S.O. Until years later . How do we know that ? She lied to everybody about Beta , including you . - Why didn 't they tell us this when we were on Mars ? - They don 't have to tell us . We 're the driver and the repairman . Goss knew . Walker knew . Sharon knew . That 's what they were doing . That 's what they were doing when the rover broke down . So you 've both been lied to by your women . It doesn 't change anything . We don 't know that . We don 't know what we could 've done . That 's why I 've been seeing the Martian storm . What ? What ? Your hallucination ? I 've been seeing Sharon and Walker . If the objects are keying on our guilt or shame ... then you have to pursue it . It won 't be easy . Get them talking about it . Open them up . Become their father confessor ? I guess , in Paula 's terms . Maybe we 're supposed to embrace our weakness in order to overcome it . - [ Door Opens ] - Mintz . Science lab . Apparently , Jen 's lost it . Well , that ought to keep us in ketchup for a while . Oh , she cut ' em down ! The fractals , man ! She cut ' em down ! - Why , Jen ? - They 're tomato plants . Do you have any idea how much of our water supply they were sucking up ? [ Maddux Narrating ] Poets will tell you that science diminishes the beauty of the stars ... by reducing them to superheated balls of gas . What are these ? Our new credentials . We 're level 12 now . [ Maddux Narrating ] But I don 't think there 's a scientist alive ... who isn 't awed by the heavens . We 're all just kids lying on our backs on the lawn ... looking up at the sky , wondering where we fit in . [ Droning ] We don 't seek answers to diminish nature . We seek answers to discover who we are . And if our search takes us to unfamiliar or frightening places ... we trust that nature will help us find a way out . You okay ? I 'm fine . I 'm just processing . Do you feel connected to it , Zoe ? Yeah . Yeah , I do . # # [ Violin ] It is beautiful , isn 't it ? Amazing . Mmm . Ahh . English - US - SDH
