 Come on , Claire . It 's me . Put down the gun . I can 't . It 's here No no Wait wait I 'm going back To the day they found out It 's too late It isn 't . Think about it Claire . It wouldn 't be like this if they never known about us . No caves . No experiments . No hiding underground hunting like this . All these powers . It can destory everything . I made peace with that a long time ago . You never did What happen to you Claire . How did you get to this place . I 'm different remember . Special . I can fix . All of this everything please . Sorry Peter . I always loved you . Present day . Chapter one the second coming . Something incredible has happend to me . It changed my life . First i was afraid . But i 'm not afraid anymore . I 'm here to tell you the truth . I have the ability ... Get ambulance here now . Stay with him . Don 't leave him . Where is he . I lost him . Did you get a look at him . No No Police currently have no lead that the cause of the shooting . And the investigation is under way to locate the gunman . Costa verde california . The building has been sealed off . Mr. Petrelli was in the middle of a public statement . When he was hit with two bullets to the chest . - hello - peter it 's me . Is he ? Oh , it 's bad We are gonna get him to the hospital I should be there i could help No he is getting surgery ... But my blood can ... Claire you are in california He needs to be in hospital right now I will call you as soon as i know he is ok He was down for four minutes . Hang two units of blood , charge the paddles . This is a restricted area . I 'm his brother . I 'm sorry . Is he gonna make it ? Let 's go ! Paddles ready . Here you go . Clear ! Nothing . No response ? 360 . Clear ! Dr. Slade , 331 . I 'm sorry . You busy , sir ? Stop calling me " sir . " Just because I 'm in his office doesn 't mean I 'am becoming my father I can 't help it . I 'm intimidated . Intimidared ? Why ? Your power . Look at you You own fifty-one percent of the company now A fleet of corporate jets ... , I can teleport , remember ? ... And two hundred and fifty million in cash A temporary setback I have no interest in money You can always give it to me I 'm extremely intetestd in money Money won 't show me my destiny I saved the world twice Now look at me , a man without a quest All I do is sit here bored It 's not like destiny is going to come Knocking at my door What is it ? My family 's lawyer . He gave me this . What is it ? Seems my father recorded a DVD message to me before he died He said it was about my destiny Police currently have no leads As to the cause of the shooting , And an investigation is underway To locate the gunman . Hello , Claire . I bet you been wondering where I 've been Since you saw me last , huh ? Let 's just say I took a little ... Detour from my career path . Spent a little time south of the border but ... It 's all behind me now , like a long night After a bad taco . No . I saw Hiro Nakamura kill you . I was there . And yet here I am , fully recovered . Well , not fully . That 's actually why I 've come . What do you want from me ? Same thing I did last time I came for you . I want what you have , Claire . I want your power . Maya ! Oh , my god ! Oh , my god , I 'm so sorry . I thought it was Sylar coming back . I saw the doorknob moving . It 's this damn key . It 's bent . How did it go with Molly ? Harder than I had wished for . Flight attendants said they 'd look after her Until she landed , but ... I just hope I did the right thing . She 'll be safe now . No one 's gonna find her there . And now we can finally start my examination . Yeah , about that ... I know I promised you , Maya , But I really am in no position to help you . What do you mean ? I mean I 've hit a dead end with my research . There 's nothing left for me to do here . I 'm packing up my things and I 'm going home to india . I don 't understand . After all this time , I 've found nothing That leads me to believe I can take these powers away . But I came all the way from south america To find you ... For a cure . And I 'm sorry , but I can 't help you . But you haven 't even tried . It 's not fair . You can 't do this to me . You have to try . Maya . I 'm sorry . I should go now . No , wait . Tell me what just happened . When you got upset-angry - your ability manifested . Is it always that way ? Yes . When I 'm scared or mad , it just happens . And to make it stop ? I just ... Calm down somehow . Like some kind of sympathetic nervous system response . There 's a mind-body connection . The neural pathways that control ... What are you talking about ? Fight or flight . The adrenal glands , They control our stress levels . My father had it all wrong . For years he 'd been working on a formula , Trying to isolate The gene for these abilities . It 's all here . All this time I 've been trying to make sense of it , But he was looking in the wrong place . These abilities don 't originate in the blood . They 're produced from adrenaline . All I have to do is make you mad again . Hiro , if you 're watching this , then I am dead . I have left you my fortune . But more important ... I leave you with a sacred duty . You are now to be the sentinel of a dangerous secret . A secret ... ? One that you must keep , as I and my father before me had done . It resides in my personal safe ... In the wrong hands , this secret will destroy the world ... So it is your task now , your sacred duty ... To never open the safe . I don 't want to be a sentinel ! I want to be a hero ! But you 're protecting a dangerous secret ... That would destroy the world . I 'm doing nothing ! What are you looking for ? A way into the safe . There must be a button . Kaito Nakamura was like a father to me . You will do his name a great dishonor . I was nobody in my father 's eyes until I proved I was my own man . I can 't go back to being nobody . My destiny ... Your destiny , Ando ... My destiny ... Your destiny , Ando ... Is inside that safe . Why would your thumb print work ? He doesn 't want you to open it . Or maybe he does . " Press play . " I asked you not to open the safe . But now that you have , beware , there are those ... Who will stop at nothing to get this half of the formula . Formula ? Should it fall into the wrong hands , There is only one hope ; A chosen one among you who carries the purity of blood , The " light " to safeguard against the darkness . Do you understand ? No . Not really . So guard this half of the formula with your life ... The fate of the world depends on it .. Godspeed , my son . Are you sure you should ... I knew I should 've paid more attention in Chemistry class . How are you doing this ? Are you a speedster too ? Speedster ? No , I 'm Hiro Nakamura . I stop time . I got news . You don 't stop it completely , Or we 're not having this conversation . So you move fast ? Not fast . I move really fast . Well , you stole something from me . You mean this ? Get - This whole time-stopping thing , how does it work exactly ? I mean , if you chase me to bangkok , Will time stay frozen here in tokyo ? I don 't know . Well ... Something to think about when you get back on your feet . But I am on my feet . Gotta go . Peter . You lookin ' for this ? Hey , yeah , I was just ... Just , uh ... What ? It 's pretty incredible , huh ? Nathan 's recovery ? Said the bullets ... Went straight through him . Barely any damage , like his body had Already healed inside . How 'd you know where to find the gun , Peter ? I just ... Figured there weren 't many places for him to stash it . And what makes you think he stashed it ? You had to go and be the detective , Didn 't you , Matt ? How did-how did you - I came from the future . To stop Nathan from telling ' the world about us . I had to . It 's where it all begins . The future ? Now that you know , you can 't be here . Petrelli 's miraculous recovery has this hospital staff Completely baffled . His condition has been upgraded to stable , And he is resting comfortably . The shocking footage that has been played Over and over on news outlets and youtube Has created a - That 's him . That 's him . I was dead , and he gave me another chance . But now I know ... The reason I 'm here . To do great things . To do his bidding . Mr. Petrelli , Earlier today , you were about to make a statement . You had a message to deliver . Are you ready to do that now ? God is the only one with a message . It 's a message of hope and urgency Because he 's not gonna wait much longer . His message is a simple one . We 're all connected . Our hopes and our dreams , Our children 's future reflecting back in each other 's eyes . We fight our own personal battles . But we know we 're not alone . Because only together can we make our short time On this planet mean something . Only together can we be the stewards of our own destiny . And we hold in our ... Collective hearts One noble goal . To save ourselves ... Save the world . I 've separated the tyrosine And combined that with the dopamines produced By your adrenals . And what now ? We wait a few seconds and see if the enzymes Attach to the cortisol . You 're very brave to have found me the way you did . There was no other choice . I imagine ... That it must be very unsettling to have these abilities . But I have also imagined , many times , The exhilaration one must feel to know such power . To feel so special . It worked . What have you done ? What my father never could . I 've isolated the genetic building blocks Of these abilities . I 've found its source . I have to get to the loft , to my lab . There 's a centrifuge there . I have to verify and duplicate these results . This is incredible . I don 't understand . What have you found ? The contents of this single syringe Could give powers to anyone . Give powers ? And with the added component of adrenaline , The effects would be instantaneous . I know you 're scared . I would be too ... All alone in this house with someone like me . A man you barely know . It isn 't exactly a fair fight , I admit . But I don 't want to fight you , Claire . I just want what you have . You see , I lost everything that made me special . Lost ... But now found . There 's a whole shopping list of abilities right here . But I 'm going to start with the best . And once I have yours - No ! What are you doing to me ? I 'm looking for answers before I bleed to death . Funny ... I 'm looking for answers too . Why don 't I feel anything ? No nerve endings . An amazing bit of machinery , this ... And how much of it do we actually use ? 10 % , maybe 20 % . Imagine the answers we 'd have with 100 % . Why is there evil ? How many angels can dance on the head of a pin ? How do we make love stay ? All these answers , they 're all ... They 're all right here . Are you going to eat it ? Eat your brain ? Claire , that 's disgusting . There it is . Wait . What about me ? Aren 't you going to kill me ? Poor girl ... There 's so much about yourself You don 't even understand . Your brain is not like the others , Claire . You are not like the others . You 're different . You 're special . And I couldn 't kill you , even if I wanted to . You can never die . And now , I guess , neither can i . I ran two samples in the centrifuge . The enzymes held both times . You need to destroy that , dr . Suresh . What ? What are you talking about ? It 's like you said . It 's against the laws of nature . No , Maya . This is a discovery of world-changing proportions . The possibilities for the advancement of science For our entire species ... Ordinary people - Will have my ability . No , no . Each individual 's blood chemistry is unique , Like fingerprints . These abilities could manifest in an infinite number of ways . But they can still end up terrible ... Like mine . Or they could be wonderful . Flight , telepathy , super-strength ... Of course it would have to be perfected . There 'll be research and development , Clinical trials ... But in the wrong hands - It 's in the wrong hands now , Maya . An entire clandestine company dedicated To hiding it from the rest of the world . Yes ... Because of people like me . People like Sylar . Exactly . Sylar killed my father . If I had had a legitimate chance To inject myself with this , To give myself the power , Then perhaps I could 've stopped that . That 's my point . You would actually inject yourself with that ? There are quantum leaps in science That one dreams of being a part of . This is one of them . I don 't see why you don 't understand that . I don 't see why anyone would want These abilities . It 's a curse ! Can what 's in that syringe cure me Or not ? Then it 's evil . And you should destroy it For the sake of all of us . Am I still here ? Yeah . Touched by god . That 's what you said in the chapel . I thought I dreamed that . It 's true , nate . He saved me . He came for me . He brought me back . We 've seen what people like us can do . Nathan ... Things no one in the world can . I came back from the dead . You had third-degree burns over half your body . And who 's to say this isn 't the hand of god ? All of us with these powers ... Did you ever stop and think about it , pete ? We can be angels . All here to do god 's bidding . What happened to telling the world about us ? Well , we couldn 't be angels If everyone knew , now could we ? I don 't expect you to understand What I did to you , But I hope someday you 'll forgive me . Life is funny ... Isn 't it Nathan ? Linderman ... You 're the one who healed me . " there 's a divinity that shapes our ends , Rough-hew them how we will . " It seems you and I are meant for great things , Nathan . Great things , indeed . The extraordinary claim of divine intervention Has captured the imagination of the entire country . And nowhere is it being greeted With greater interest than by the leaders Of the religious community . In short , the elected congressman From new york has become a cause celebre . The poster child for political redemption . Tracy , baby . I think we 've found our guy . Isn 't that my job , governor ? It 's a message of hope and urgency ... 'cause he 's not going to wait much longer now . What 's his name ? Petrelli . Nathan Petrelli . Our hopes , our dreams , our children 's futures Reflecting back in each other 's eyes . I like him . No ! Is there anybody here ? ! It was like she was moving at the speed of sound . She must known that I was going to open that safe . What was so important on that paper ? I told you not to open it . And what was my father talking about . The ¡ ° light ¡ ± Nevermind that . What about the world being destroyed If that formula falls into the wrong hands ? You have to go back to the past And ask your father I can 't I ¡ ¯ m never going to the past again . You saw what happened last time . I ¡ ¯ ll go to the future The future To see for myself . If the world is going to be destroyed ... I need to see how ... So we can stop it . But ... What if you get stuck or ... Hiro . Give me back the formula . No . You betrayed me . You ¡ ¯ re wrong Well ... ? We ¡ ¯ ve gotta find that formula . What have you done with Peter ? Who do you think You inherited your first ability from ? Your dreams ... I dreamed you 'd come . I saw what you 'd do . Shooting your own brother , for god 's sake . I had to . It was Nathan who set everything in motion . The powers , the greed , The war . Who are you to play god ? You can see the future ? Then you know that that formula That you and your friends tried to bury ... It gets out , and it destroys everything . The only future I 've ever seen is the one caused by you . Nathan didn 't die . And now he doesn 't have to . It doesn 't Matter . Because by shooting him , you screwed up everything . Something different happens now . And it 's all because of you . So why don 't you go back to where you came from ? You understand ? Now ... What did you do with my son ? Don 't worry . I put him some place safe . This is a mistake ! I 'm not supposed to be here ! I 'm not who you think I am . I 'm Peter Petrelli ! You 've gotta help me ! I 'm Peter Petrelli ! " turning and turning in the widening gyre ... " the falcon cannot hear the falconer . " things fall apart , " the center cannot hold . Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world . " I 'm Peter Petrelli ! Please get me out of here ! " the blood-dimmed tide is loosed , " and everywhere , " the ceremony of innocence is drowned . " the best lack all conviction , " while the worst " are full of passionate intensity . " surely some revelation is at hand . " surely the second coming is at hand . " the second coming ... " hardly are those words out " when a vast image out of spiritus mundi " somewhere in sands of the desert , " a shape with lion body and the head of a man , " a gaze blank and pitiless as the sun , " is moving its slow thighs , " while all about it reel shadows " of the indignant desert birds . " the darkness drops again . " but now I know " that twenty centuries of stony sleep " were vexed to nightmare by a rocking cradle . " and what rough beast , " its hour come round at last , " slouches towards bethlehem To be born ? " Dude 's got some money here somewhere . Give me your money . I said , give me your money ! Man , waste him . Aw , man , you all right ? Get up man , come on !
