 G.S.W , left-upper quadrant , possible hemothorax . BP is dropping 80 over 50 . Pulse 120 . Breath sounds ? Decreased on the left side , labored but stable . Get me a chest scan . Doctor ... There 's something else . Sir , I just heard about Nina Sharp . Do we know who shot her ? Trying to figure that out . The security guard and doorman in the lobby are dead . No I.D. on the gunman . - Well , is she gonna be - - Too early to say . Sir . No official statement from Massive Dynamic , - or William Bell . - Thanks . That 's no surprise . If they say the C.O.O. was shot , their stock will take a hit . Hey Liv , security footage just came in . We had video tech assemble the three video cameras . They shoot the night guy ... They replace him . Then this guy comes in and they all head upstairs . Evening . Nina Sharp comes in six minutes later . Then it goes black for four minutes . What did he do to her ? Whatever it was ... It only took them four minutes . Who is he ? Can we enhance what he said ? Sure . Take out the camera . We can do it here . Take out the camera . We can do it here . Take out the camera . We can do it here . Take out the camera . We can do it here . Take out the camera . We can do it here . Run it through voice recognition . Take out the camera . We can do it here . Take out the camera . We can do it here . Take out the camera . We can do it here . David Robert Jones . Why is he wearing bandages and the others are wearing masks ? Not easy to walk around when you 're on half the world 's watch list . Maybe he 's recently tried to change his appearance . But all our information suggests that Jones is working for Bell . So why shoot his number two ? It doesn 't make any sense . Maybe our information is wrong . Why don 't we go straight to the source and bring William Bell in for questioning now ? At this point , I don 't think that - We have solid intelligence that William Bell is funding these horrific events that we 've seen . Most of which have been carried out by Jones . - I 'm not - - At this point , I don 't care how powerful William Bell is or how deep his political connections go , he is not above the law . - Dunham - - Sir , with all due respect , I have too much in this , professionally and personally , that if you stand in the way now , I - Dunham ! I came in here to begin making the calls I 'm going to need to make in order to get the interview that we both agree is necessary . And I would also request that you stop cutting me off every time I 'm about to tell you to stop drilling , you 've struck oil , as I was going to do when we first came through that door . This is Broyles . Nina Sharp is out of surgery . Hey . Hey . Where 's Walter ? - With you ? - Uh-uh . I went to check on him this morning , his bed wasn 't even slept in . I thought he 'd worked here all night . I thought he went home with you last night . Hey , uh , I need to talk to Walter . Is he here ? Yeah , take a number . I 'm gonna check the cafeteria , see if he slept there again . Okay . You don 't look so good . David Robert Jones shot Nina Sharp . I wanted to see if - Hi-Hi , uh , it 's Peter Bishop calling . I was wondering if you maybe have an eye on my father ? He wandered off again . Yeah . Look , can you do me a favor ? Could you go check down in the marine biology lab ? He-He sometimes spends the night down there , cleaning out the tanks with Mrs. Ericson . No , I 'll wait-I 'll wait . Thank you . Do you think he left because of what I said ? You mean because of what he is referring to as " the assault in the pastry shop ? " I don 't know , it 's hard to say . It was about Cortexiphan ... Bell 's trials . I wanted to see if Walter knew what Bell did to me . I know , he told me . You caught him off-guard . And I understand you had your reasons to saying what it is that you had to say . And I know he understands that too . He 's not there . No one 's seen him . Hello . No luck , huh ? Okay , well thanks for your help . Peter ... I - I 'm sorry that I was so hard on him . Look , don 't worry about it . He 's probably back at the hotel right now , working his way to the bottom of a pint of Rocky Road . I think to repair that one requires a special skill set . Phillip . You 've been shot . We discovered it was Jones . You 're lucky . Not too many gunshot victims have come through this way have Kevlar parts in their rib cage . You 'll be up and about in no time . What did he want , Nina ? What did he do to your arm ? Get me Agent Dunham . I need to speak with her right away . Agent Dunham . Specialist from Massive Dynamic . I 'll be right with you , Agent Dunham . Let 's just say this treatment doesn 't fall under an HMO . No . William Bell is not the problem , and he 's certainly not the head of any terrorist organization . Well , I 'll make that judgment . Thank you . Well , it 's true Jones used to work for William Bell 15 years ago . In fact , he was one of our first employees at Massive Dynamic . - But he was let go . - Why ? The details are not important . Suffice to say ... that Jones felt spurned by the rejection . William was a father figure to him , a respected mentor . I would go as far as to say that all the death and destruction that Jones has caused up until this point ... has been a way of proving something to William . To prove what ? Jones always felt that he was special and that no one recognized that . Certainly , not William . So before the shooting , when was the last time you saw David Jones ? Oh , I haven 't seen him for years . But after he broke out of prison , he was contacting our offices , requesting meetings with Dr. Bell . Over the past few weeks , his calls have become ... rather extreme . You 've been in contact with a known felon ? It was an internal matter . Clearly , we thought we could manage this better than we did . Apparently , Jones is ill , dying from the teleportation from his prison break . Nina believes Jones ' agenda is to kill William Bell when he finds him . Then Bell needs to come in . We need to put him into protective custody . - Not possible . - Why not ? Where is he ? I can 't say . This is ridiculous . Now , listen to me , Agent Dunham . I can 't say because I don 't know . I haven 't seen William Bell for months . He 's been communicating with me , strictly electronically . But what I do know , though ... is speaking with William Bell has become more than a professional matter for you . In fact , I 'm counting on that . Stop Jones ... And I will personally arrange a meeting between you and Bell . But if Jones gets to Bell first , I 'm afraid all the answers you 're searching for ... die with him . What did Jones want from you ? What did he do to you in the elevator ? He stole a very powerful ... energy cell that Dr. Bell hid within my arm . What can he do with it ? Unfortunately , the question is ... What can 't he do ? Oh my God ! - Ah ! - What is that ? Coordinate tracking is complete , sir . You can increase sonic frequency . It 's locked in . Stabilize , damn it . The coordinates are separating , sir . It 's not working , they 're still separating . We 're losing it . We can 't hold it open . It 's too thick here . These are the wrong coordinates . Try again , please . There 's More Than One of Everything Do you recognize this ? How did you get that ? This coin looks similar to the one you 're thinking of . But it is from another place . There is more than one of everything . I have said too much , I am not supposed to get involved . I have taken you as far as I can . Does this house look familiar to you ? Yes . Do you remember what you have to find ? You must try to remember . There isn 't much time . Agent Astrid Farnsworth ? I 'd like you to meet Nina Sharp . Hello . Uh ... How are you feeling ? The extent of my injuries was greatly exaggerated . We wanted to ask you a few questions about Dr. Bishop . Okay . Has he been acting strange lately ? Walter acting strange , um ... No stranger than usual . And did he speak to anyone , or has anyone recently contacted him that you 've never heard of before ? No . Should I be concerned ? Should she be ? Peter , hello . Ms. Sharp . So what 's going on here ? Agent Dunham told you about the attack by David Robert Jones ? Yeah . Jones is in possession of something your father may ... know something about . When was the last time either of you saw Dr. Bishop ? It was last night . Why ? You think Jones has something to do with his disappearance ? Dr. Bishop gets lost , more often than you would imagine . I 'm sure you 're right . This is Broyles . It 's me , I need a priority one grid search . Target is Walter Bishop . What the hell happened ? Where 's the other half of the truck ? Suddenly , there was this ... shimmer , like a ... a curtain almost , or a window . My colleague said you saw a man with a machine . Well , what did it look like ? The man was holding , like , this black square . Like it was scanning something . This truck , it just - just came out of nowhere . It just appeared like it came through the window , and what was on the other side of it was different . It was emitting this sound , like a loud noise . It didn 't look like it was doing anything , but , um ... It did . Do you remember what he looked like ? No , he was wearing a mask . Are-Are you sure it was a mask and not bandages ? Yeah , more like bandages . Take a look at this . This image of your father was taken three hours ago . Near East Douglas and Grafton . Massive Dynamic maintains access to all the cameras we manufacture . This ... security footage was from the local commuter train station . I think I 'm starting to understand a little better . This is near a beach house that we own . Walter used to love it up there 'cause it 's quiet . My father has had a particularly rough couple of days . I 'm not sure that everything 's making sense to him right now . We have agents canvassing the area . If you give us the address - Actually , if you don 't mind ... I 'd rather go up there and bring him back myself . I think that 's for the best right now . Of course . Thanks . Agent Francis ... The driver died on impact . Blunt force trauma to the head . That 's what we got so far . - You sure this is right ? - Yeah . What ? The prints aren 't coming back on the driver , the , uh , the truck isn 't registered in New York , or anywhere else . The VIN number , the serial part numbers ... They don 't exist . What does that mean ? This truck was never made . How is that possible ? Where the hell did it come from ? Walter ? Walter ? Hello , Peter . Walter , what are you doing here ? You had us worried . I 'm looking for something . I think it ... It might be in this house . And it 's very important . Okay . What are you looking for ? I just can 't recall , son . That 's the thing . You 're not telling us everything . If Jones is looking for Bell , then what does an energy cell and a truck coming from nowhere have to do with it ? Well , nothing comes out of nowhere , Agent Dunham . Then where does it come from ? I think you already know that . And I think you already suspect where William Bell is . Are you saying that you know where Bell is ? Stop playing games with me . Tell me where he is , or I assure you I will turn this world over looking for him . Well , that 's just the problem , Agent Dunham . William Bell is not in this world . You 're saying that William Bell disappeared into a different universe ? Like Dorothy going to Oz ? Well , Walter calls it an alternate reality . Do you understand ? Not remotely . You 're saying that William Bell ... is not on this planet . No , he is . Just another version of this planet . Have you had déjà vu ? Living a moment you 've already lived before ? Yes . What does déjà vu have to do with where Bell is ? Well , déjà vu is like a glimpse into the other side . You feel like you 've been somewhere before because actually , in another reality , you have . But déjà vu is just a window . It 's possible some individuals may be able to do more than just see into the other world . They may be able to travel there . So the incident on the street - That 's why we can 't identify the truck . Because it came from the other side . That 's what Jones is using the energy cell for . He 's trying to cross over , to get to Bell . Broyles . Dunham . It 's Francis . Where ? Walter , just - Just calm down . Yes , Peter . I started something a long time ago , I did-I did , it 's the truth , I did . Walter . And I have to finish it . Walter ! - Walter . - No . - Damn it . - I need you to take a breath and calm down . It was the penthouse . Walter . I need you to take a deep breath . I can 't find it . I don 't know where to look . I don 't know where to look ... Damn it . I don 't know where to look . Walter , Walter , where are you g - Walter ! Where are you going ? Walter , look , it 's getting late . We need to head back . No , not yet . You know , I remember when we used to come down here during the summers . Mom and I. You were always still working back in the city . I 'd stand out here on the beach for hours ... Looking at the ocean . Used to seem like it went on forever . And on Saturdays ... I 'd always wake up just before my alarm . I could smell the pancakes ... Which meant that you were here . I 'd creep down the stairs ... And there 'd you be . Standing over the stove , flipping pancakes . You seemed so big back then . I 'd just stand there watching you . And you 'd always ... - flip one of the pancakes . - Whales . I made them in the shape of whales . They were your favorite ! Yes . Peter , I remember . Thank you . I know why I 'm here . I know where it is . Okay , so tell me exactly what you saw . I was standing there by the field . Lance went back , you know , to get the ball . That 's when I saw it . It 's like a see-through wall appeared . It sort of shimmered , like a heat wave , you know ? Like something was there , but it wasn 't . What do you mean it was there and it wasn 't ? It was like a window , but warped . Then it shut . Thank you . Hey . Okay . So him and his friend are playing soccer . The kid 's running with the ball , when all of a sudden , they see this shimmer of light . The kid hits the shimmer , and then he just , sort of collapses . - And did anyone see Jones ? - No . But there 's a bit more to go . - Go ahead . - Okay . How does something like that happen ? I can 't believe I 'm gonna be saying this . Let 's assume that Jones is trying to ... make this doorway into another universe . Why here ? I mean , first New York , now here . What do they have in common ? Hey Chad , what you got ? Third floor says they can 't find a connection between the incident in New York and the - one on the soccer field . - Yeah , I know . I know . Look , I want you to go through our database , and cross-reference any incidents connected to science , biology , or unexplained phenomenon and have the file sent to my office , please . Dating back how far ? All of them . Uh , just put them down there , thank you . You can roll that one into the corner . Sir , we need to call Nina Sharp . I think that I found a connection between what Jones did in New York and that park in Providence . Walter , tell me what you 're looking for . Here . I got it . Oh ! It 's still here . I was beginning to be afraid - Here . This is why we 're here . It 's locked . This is a record of all local incidents related to the Pattern . Some of these go back more than 20 years . But we 've done this ourselves at Massive Dynamic . A dozen of our top analysts have spent the better part of two years - Yeah , and there 's seemingly no obvious logic or predictability . It took me a while to see it myself . But ... These are the spots where Jones used his device . Now look at this . That can 't be a coincidence . So what does it mean ? I think I may know . Got it . What exactly is that ? When Belly and I were younger men , we regularly ingested large quantities of LSD . You don 't say ? We became convinced what we saw while on the drug was real . We believed that we were catching glimpses of another reality . Another world just like ours ... But slightly different , Populated by slightly different versions of ourselves . We all experience it momentarily as déjà vu . And Belly and I could prolong it with hallucinogenics . But the question of course was : How to get there without LSD ? Belly , as you know , theorized that young children have the capacity to see these other worlds naturally . I know , you already told me about that . Bell 's experiments with Cortexiphan . Yes . He theorized that properly nurtured , these abilities could be heightened , intensified , and that in time , his subjects may be able may be able to travel from here to there . Over there ? You mean an alternate world ? Around this time , something was lost to me , Peter . Something precious . I became convinced that if only I could cross over myself , then I could take from there what I had lost here . And what was the plan ? You were just gonna open up a hole and then walk over to the other side ? No ... It 's not that simple . You have to find the right place first . Finding the right place to cross over is the key . Dr. Bell once posited that our world has " soft spots , " places where the fundamental constants of nature - The speed of light , gravity , The mass of a proton , for example , have begun to decay . As a result , in these particular areas , the membrane between the realities is thinner , almost porous . Well , the Bermuda Triangle is one , but there are others . And until recently , these areas were extremely rare . What do you mean " until recently " ? What happened ? We happened , Agent Dunham . Scientific progress , advancing technologies . By meddling with the laws of nature , has hastened the decay of these constant fundamentals and increased the number of soft spots . So you 're suggesting Jones is looking for one of these soft spots . Yes . In the belief that by releasing the right kind of energy , and aiming it exactly at the proper spot , he could effectively break through . Of course , there 's a problem opening a hole to another reality . In theory , that would also allow things from there to pass over here , which could be dangerous . And so , I also built a plug . A plug ? Actually , more a patch to close the hole should the need ever arise . This is that patch , Peter . This is what I had to find . Okay , just so I 'm clear . Somewhere out there , there is a hole to another reality , and you need to plug it ? Yes , I 'm afraid so . Well , do you know where it is ? Yes . Yes , I do , Peter . Reiden . Reiden Lake . We have to identify another soft spot , then we 'll know where he 's going . We should expand the search perimeters . Did you map events beyond the eastern seaboard ? No , they 're not in our database . I 'll call my office and have the files transferred to your system . Which of these events are the oldest ? Do you remember ? I mean , these events are somehow consequences of soft spots - Well ... These are the first recorded incidents . They all go back more than 15 years . Becca 's Meadow ... That was the site of the first incident we know about . Wait ... All of these incidents point to here . That 's where he 's going . Reiden Lake . Get all the gear , get set up . Come on , men . We 're going to the other side . It 's just the other side of the lake . The place where I opened the hole . That 's awfully convenient . Not convenient at all . That 's why I bought the beach house in the first place . The proximity . Come on , Peter . Can 't you go faster ? We may not have much time . After all these years , what 's going to happen if we 're not on time ? I don 't know ! But my friend came and he said we must . He only comes when it 's of dire consequence . And what friend would that be ? The bald one . You mean the one that Olivia calls ' The Observer ' ? Yes . The man who attacked me in the woods . He must 've had a very good reason . I 'm sure he didn 't mean you any harm . What else aren 't you telling me , Walter ? Lots , I 'm sure , but none of it is relevant . Can 't-it 's been so long . This all looks the same . Oh ... Peter , Peter , Peter , Peter . Peter ! Stop it ! Stop ! Okay . Now what ? That thing 's not going to blow up , is it ? I certainly hope not . What ? You may not remember this . When you were a boy , - you were very sick , dying . - Walter . And sometimes , you got scared . And to calm yourself , to forget what you were going through , you took to collecting coins . This one ... This was your favorite . You 're right . I don 't remember any of that . I do . Walter ! - It 's okay , it 's okay . - Easy , easy . - Take it easy . - Hey , they 're with me . - Easy , easy . - It 's okay . Agent Dunham ... H - How did you know where we were ? What are you doing here ? We 're trying to plug a hole in the universe . What are you doing here ? - Apparently the same thing . - But how did you - Oh no . What is that ? Dr. Bishop , stay down . Keep going please . Don 't stop what you 're doing . Hold them off as long as you can . Olivia , I 'll cover you . Walter ! Hey , Walter , stay here . They 'll need this to close the portal , to prevent him from going over . Give it to me . I 'll do it . - Give it to me ! - Okay . All right . It 's simple , a child could do it . You just twist this . What 's the status ? Coordinates are coming into place , sir . We 're almost there , sir . Jones ? Don 't move . Manifold is stable . Don 't move . Stop ! Don 't move . Beautiful , isn 't it ? You 'll understand if this reunion is brief . If you take one more step , I 'll shoot . Goodbye , Agent Dunham . Don 't ! The teleporter ... It may be killing me , but in the meantime , It 's made me something rather special . You see , your bullets just go right through me . And soon Dr. Bell will see just how special I am . - Stop ! - Dunham ! Hey . Hey . Under normal circumstances , I would ask you when I could expect your report . But in this case , I find myself at a bit of a loss . How is Nina ? She 's doing fine . She wanted me to convey her gratitude . What ? We 've been told to cease and desist our investigation into William Bell . By whom ? The kind of people that when they give you an order , you don 't question it . I 'm sorry . Dr. Bishop ... Good news . I got you some berry boom . Hey . What 's wrong ? " I 'm stepping out for a bit . Don 't worry about me , son . I know where I 'm going . " You want me to call the police ? No . That is the first time he 's ever written a note . I think our little boy is growing up . Hello ? Agent Dunham , it 's Nina Sharp . You held up your end of the bargain . Now , I 'd like to hold up mine . Would you mind coming to Manhattan tomorrow ? Sure . Do you know the Mutsumi Hotel on Broadway ? Yes . Great . Tomorrow it is , then . I hope you understand why I can 't go through channels . And I appreciate it if you didn 't tell anyone about this either . I don 't mean to sound overly cautious , but I think you 'll soon understand why we 'll want to keep this between us . Let 's say 1 : 00 ? Come alone . I 'll answer any questions you have . No , thank you . Uh , Nina Sharp ? Olivia Dunham . Uh , no , I don 't want to leave a message . She 's expecting my call . What do you mean she 's out of the country ? Agent Dunham , welcome . Right this way . Go right in . I 've been waiting quite a long time for this . Where am I ? Who are you ? The answer to your first question is - It 's very complicated . The answer to your second ... I 'm William Bell .
