 Previously , on fringe : Olivia dunham , fbi . A series of events has occurred . It 's been referred to as " the pattern . " Anybody you need , you can have . his name 's walter bishop . He worked out of harvard , In an area called fringe science . Certain private inidividuals have been granted clearance Regarding the pattern , including nina sharp . massive dynamic is one of the ten largest Economic entities in the world . No matter where my investigations take me , They always come back here . You should know what you 're getting into , agent dunham . Get out of the car ! Hands on your head ! This is officer williams . Hostage appears unharmed . I said get out of the car , now ! Step away from the car . Then on your knees . You okay ? You have no idea what you 're dealing with . is that right ? What the hell are you doing ? gibson , I 'm talking to you . Gibson ! we 're running the security photos Through facial recognition software . We should have the kidnappers names within the hour . preliminary ballistics confirms that officer williams Fired all three shots . Including the one that killed her ? Self-inflicted . As far as we can tell , the kidnappers don 't even have guns . Who 's the kid ? Tyler carson . 15 years old . According to nypd , he disappeared 36 hours ago . They 're still running leads . Walter , remember that conversation we had About personal space ? I 'm bored . No cadavers at this crime scene . Or food . Walter , they 're transferring the bodies to your lab now . There 's no need - I 've already formed an hypothesis As to what happened here . Mesmerism . Hypnotism . The victims have obviously been subjected To subliminal suggestions of a violent nature . Walter , hypnosis can 't make you do anything That you don 't want to do . Take a look at this . The kidnapped kid 's father - he works for fleming-monroe . The aerospace division of massive dynamic . I already have a call in to nina sharp . Ms. Sharp 's office is right this way . Dr. Carson is in there waiting with her now . Uh , miss ? The screen in the elevator said there are 73 laboratories . Is-is that right ? Yes . Ms. Sharp 's office is right this way . It 's amazing . Dr. Carson , why didn 't you call the police sooner ? I didn 't even know he was gone Until I got the call from them - The men who took him . Tyler and I don 't talk much . I - I just figured it 's because of his age . You know what teens are like . I guess that 's just an excuse , isn 't it ? So what did the kidnappers say ? Just to wait for further instruction . Ms. Sharp , the two men identified in those photographs , Are you absolutely certain They have no connection to your company ? yes , we cross-referenced their names With our employee database . Patrick hickey and tom dobbins have never worked for us , And they 've had no peripheral involvement With any of our clients or partners . According to the police , they 're used car salesmen . And there 's been no indication of their demands ? No , not yet . So is it possible that these men are trying To extort secrets from massive dynamic ? We have come to the same conclusion . Well , would you care to share what kind of secrets ? Dr. Carson performs sensitive and highly-classified work On military aircraft designs , piloting software , Guidance systems . What I do here , it 's - it 's my life . It 's the only - Tyler 's mother died when he was just a boy . And now if - if I lose him , I don 't know what I 'd do . I 'll get him . Excuse me . Dr. Carson , we will do everything we can To try and find your son . Hey , walter . What are you doing ? Massive dynamic ... It was just a name until now . Did you know that I once shared a laboratory With william bell ? You might have mentioned that once or twice . Look how much he 's achieved . You know , he introduced me to her . To whom ? Your mother . After the neurobiology conference in berlin . It was our idea , you know , That belly and I would one day Form a company together . He just couldn 't wait , I suppose . But thankfully she was still there for you While I was gone . I 'm hungry . Give me all the cash in the register . you kidding me ? You don 't even have a gun . Just do it , before somebody gets hurt . Hey , buddy , is there gonna be a problem here ? You really don 't want to get involved in this . I think I just did . Aah ! Get out of my store . You should have just given up the money . unh ! Remind me to never get a job as a convenience store clerk . Any witnesses ? Both victims are in intensive care At university hospital . So no statements anytime soon . Stealing food and knocking over convenience stores ? These kidnappers don 't really seem like They have much of a plan . No . There 's a second feed on the door . he looks so scared . so why doesn 't he run ? He could just make a break for it . Far too soon for stockholm syndrome to have kicked in . Well , maybe your father 's right . Maybe one or both of them are controlling people Through hypnotic suggestion . Then they could just get the clerk to give ' em the cash . Why all the carnage ? Maybe they 're silencing the witnesses . They don 't want us to know how it works . Dunham . Just talked to the owner of the car dealership Where the kidnappers worked . Said hickey and dobbins were his best salesmen . So is there anything out of the ordinary About these two guys ? model employees . The owner was completely mystified As to how they got mixed up in this . Says they each made a sale that morning , Took one of his loaner cars out for lunch , And never came back . Okay . Broyles says the suspects were good at their jobs . No criminal record . Boss loves ' em . so how do these two become kidnappers ? you think they could be spies ? Maybe they 're hiding out in plain sight . Foreign intelligence agents often take mundane jobs So they can blend in while they 're gathering information . There 's certainly nothing more mundane Than being a used car salesman . So throw in massive dynamic And your father 's theory on hypnotism And it all starts to add up . Chicken . You serious ? Just a hypothesis . What do you think , more like pork ? Truthfully , I don 't really spend a lot of time Thinking about what human brains would taste like . Then why did you ask ? I was asking what you expected to find With this brain . Oh . And normally Hypnosis would simply ... Boost the alpha wave of the brain With no visible effect . But given the extreme nature of the suggestions In this policewoman 's case , I suspect there might be lesions on the brain . And visible damage . Oh , yes ... Oh , my . Thank you . Now , this is not hypnosis . It is mind control . There 's a difference ? Oh , yes . Peter was right . Hypnosis can only go so far - Suggesting , but not forcing behavior . Look , look , look . Hematomas on the brain matter . Indicating actual trauma . The result of conflicting neural impulses . A conflict of mind and body . Is that what killed them ? Oh , no , no , no . No ... The bullet took care of that . no , but mind control could cause brain damage . I theorize that the power operates Through the cochlear nerve . You mean sound . Yes . An auditory trance is a far more effective Path manipulation than the other senses . But again , it 's just a hypothesis . Even if we find out where they are , Nobody can get near them As long as they have this talent . Then I need you to work out how to block it . The ransom call could come at any minute , And we need to be ready . Right . Right . Right . I don 't understand . Why are we just standing around ? Shouldn 't we do something ? Dr. Carson ... I have my very best agents on the case . But you need to be here when the kidnappers call . Special agent broyles ? We 've just received a call for dr . Carson . It 's his son . We 're ready , sir . Hello ? dad ... It 's me . Tyler , are you okay ? Just give them what they want . Please . you 've seen that we won 't hesitate to do Whatever 's necessary in order to get what we want . Please , listen , I 'll do anything you need-anything ! $ 2 million , unmarked bills . The industrial park off I-78 , western newark airport . 5 : 00 p . M. If you 're even a minute late , your son dies . No , please , listen - Tyler ? Money ? All they want is money ? I can sell the house . Cash in my stock options ... Massive dynamic will cover any ransom . They 're trying to squeeze a major international corporation With a kidnapping . It doesn 't add up . Money 's the distraction . They want something else . they took your son for a reason . So what now ? We set a trap . ¶ have you any wool ? ¶ ¶ yes , sir , yes ... ¶ Peter , we 're running out of time . You don 't have any idea what your father 's looking for ? No . He just muttered something about my childhood . Aha . Here it is . It generates white noise , Which simulates the sound of being in utero . huh ? Huh ? Just what we need to block the mind control . a teddy bear versus mind control spies ? Bad guys don 't stand a chance . dr . Carson will meet the kidnapper With the briefcase . So take no action until the exchange is complete . We want clean shots only . We want them alive , if possible . But the boy 's safety comes first . This is exciting . You think the fbi will ever give me a gun ? Dr. Bishop will now explain how to use the equipment That you 've been provided . Yes . Hello . I am dr . Walter bishop . You 've been given a set of audio-adapting earphones Like this , Which will give off a steady stream of white noise . The headphones will make it so the kidnappers can 't Control you with sound . Now , put ' em on . We gotta do a sound check . My son peter 's teddy bear emits a sound ... as you listen , you may feel a sense of deep tranquility , As if you returned to your mother 's womb . Um , walter , I think you 're gonna need this . Thank you , peter . You will now be able to hear my voice . Each of your team leaders will have a microphone Like this one . You will not be able to communicate With each other directly . All commands will come through the headphones . Once you 're given the order to put on the headphones , Do not remove them under any circumstances . If you do , you may die a gruesome and horrible death . Thank you for your attention . And have a nice day . alpha team in position . bravo team in position . Agent dunham , we have a brown sedan Entering in on the north side . Do you see tyler in the vehicle ? That 's a negative . All teams stand by and hold position . Bravo team , what 's your status ? we have somebody moving in on foot . copy that . Possible suspect en route to dr . Carson . All units , headphones on . team leaders , move communication To microphones . contact made . Can anyone see the hostage ? This is alpha leader . Negative . I 've got nothing . Bravo . Negative on my end too . All units , move ! Move ! help me ! Help me . You can lose the stupid headphones . They don 't work . Take me to your car . Agent Balik ? This is Agent Dunham . Copy ? copy . Go for balik . Any sign of tyler carson ? Negative . We did two full sweeps . This place is abandoned . Olivia ? Agent dunham . Where is he ? Tyler ? We 're still looking for him , walter . No , no , no , I don 't mean tyler . I mean peter . I thought he was with you . He 's gone . I can 't find him anywhere . Uh , has anyone seen peter bishop ? I told you , We were the hostages in that car . Tyler carson wanted you to kidnap him ? I 'm saying he made us do it . He worked us like puppets . He forced us to drive . He made us watch all those people die ! What about the ransom call ? I told you , he made us say what he wanted ! How did he do that , exactly ? I don 't know how he does it . You think I wanted to saw off my own finger ? He made me do it when I tried to get away . And that friend of yours you keep talking about . You better pray he 's not with that kid . Head hurts pretty bad , huh ? That 's what happens when you try to fight it . I can make it stop if you do what I say . yes . oh ... Oh ... Keep driving straight . You know , your father 's worried about you . Awesome . Come on , kid , let 's pull over and talk about - Hey , bad idea ! What are you doing ? Let 's see how fast this piece of junk can go . kid , you 're gonna get us killed ! Are you ready to behave ? Yes ! Just so we 're clear ... I can make you do whatever I want . I can control all of you , or just part of you . You know what , kid ... You 're a real son of a bitch . it 's tyler . Tyler is the kidnapper . This was taken from a traffic cam on I-95 . He 's the one controlling people , And he 's taken peter hostage . How could this have happened ? The son of one of your top scientists Can control people 's minds ? Surely that 's not a coincidence . That doesn 't seem possible . But dr . Carson works in aerospace . But on one of his projects , he 's been collaborating With the pharmaceutical division . What project ? this is our flight simulation deck . What you 're watching is a live test Of our prototype hands-free guidance system . hands-free navigation . So who 's controlling the jet ? electrodes in the pilot 's helmet Are picking up on his thought patterns , Which send commands to an onboard computer . The pilot has been given a pharmaceutical enhancement - A drug to amplify his brainwaves . Which makes it easier for the electrodes In the helmet to read them . dr . Carson , did you , perchance , Expose your son to this so-called Pharmaceutical enhancement ? Massive dynamic has strict testing protocols . Family members are absolutely ruled out as test subjects . Oh , my god . I took some samples home for further research . Tyler might have found them . I got a question . How far away can you control people ? You mean , how far do you have to run ? Nice try . When did you figure out that you were able to - I 'm not telling you anything , all right ? Hey , genius , the second you took me , They knew that you were behind it all . Whatever . You had no idea That I was the one in charge . yeah . You managed to kidnap yourself-congratulations . You 're a criminal mastermind . Screw you . You really haven 't thought this out , have you ? I mean , you don 't even have a plan . Shut up . You sound just like my father . Oh , come on . That 's what this is about ? Some sort of vendetta against your dad ? Do you really think that you 're the first kid Whose father didn 't think he was good enough Or smart enough ? Take a number . but it doesn 't make sense Because even if tyler did take the drugs , They 're designed to work on computer systems , Not on other human beings . the brain is a computer , doctor . It 's an organic computer . It can be hijacked like any other . So how old is this boy ? 15 ? Still going through puberty ? Yes ? Yes . Yes ! his system flooded with hormones Affecting his neural transmitters . Opening up the pathways for the uptake Of psychoactive chemicals , yes ? I suppose it 's possible . Yes . Oh , it is . It 's possible , all right . And was he , by chance , taking any prescription medication ? Psychostimulants , perhaps ? Yes . Yes ! Tyler was taking medication for attention deficit disorder . All right , well , puberty , A.D.D. Medication , And an untested brainwave enhancer . It 's a mind control cocktail . Because of this man 's inability to be a proper parent , His son has kidnapped mine ! Walter ! you know , I used to hate my father too . I know what it 's like . I need a driver , all right ? Not a big brother . Don 't stop . Kid , this has been a ton of fun , But let 's get real here . It cannot go on forever . I say it 's not even close to finished . Pull over . let me take care of this . If you don 't , I will . Evening , officer . Sir , I 'm gonna need you to step out of the vehicle . Sure . Put your hands on the car . I 'm sorry , officer , did I do something wrong ? I said up against the car . You got any kind of weapon on you , You should tell me now . Tyler ! Tyler ! Tyler , please . Do not force me to shoot this man . He 'll tell them where we are . They 'll try to stop us . Please ! Please ! Come on , tyler . There 's gotta be another way . Unh ! Something like that ? We lost them at the New Jersey turn pike . Heading south . towards swedesboro . We have a chopper shadowing the vehicle . We need all assets rerouted to that vicinity . Let me know if you spot him . Thanks . Astrid ? You tell the state troopers if they spot them , To keep their distance . Stay just within visual range . And make sure they know that peter is not the target . Yeah . Agent dunham , you 're needed in ms . Sharp 's office . What 's wrong ? The director 's just classified tyler carson As a national security threat . Fringe division has been ordered to stand down . Any intercept will be handled by special forces . But we 're the only reason they have any clue What 's really going on . How can they take us off now ? New information has come to light About tyler 's plans . Turns out he purchased two one-way tickets to costa rica , Which he bought before abducting peter . Headquarters believes the boy may be working With a foreign handler . With respect , all the evidence points Towards an angry kid . Best-case scenario , we have a highly intelligent malcontent On a killing spree . Besides , the director thinks it 's worse . Tyler may have been recruited to deliver A multi-million dollar defense project To our country 's enemies . " overwhelming force will be brought to bear if necessary " ? You know what this means . Peter could be collateral damage . But regardless , We need to contain the situation on our own Before it 's too late . Walter ? Have you made any headway ? I can 't lose him again . Walter ... I know you 're worried . We all are . But we can get peter back . We just need you to find a way to disable tyler . Peter always helps me . I don 't know what to do . How do I do this without peter ? He always helps me . He helps me too . But you can do this . Walter ... I know you 're scared . But you 're the only one that can help him . Maybe I could use an emf scrambler To disrupt his beta wave transmissions . Sounds like a good place to start . Olivia , I think I found something . They just brought tyler 's computer in . He 's been doing some pretty strange searches . This is what he was looking for ? Obituaries and death notices ? All of women who died 14 years ago in car accidents . Look , all these women died in their mid-twenties . Yeah . So that would make them what , about 40 now if they were alive ? What are you thinking ? I don 't know yet . Can you pull up his most recent search ? Yeah . what do you know about renee davies ? Who is she ? she 's my ex-wife . Tyler 's mother . Where 'd you find this ? It was on tyler 's computer . This was a good idea . Yeah , I was 15 once too . But I had to talk my way into places like this . You know , there are plenty of easier ways To get money . Yeah , but it wouldn 't have been as fun . Fun ? Faking your kidnapping ... Jacking your dad 's company ... Killing cops and innocent bystanders - That wasn 't part of the plan . Okay ? They just ... Got in the way . You know , I get it . I mean , you wanted to torture your dad , right ? But the thing just got away from you . Blew up in your face . It 's not done yet . What 'd your daddy do to you anyway ? Didn 't pay you enough attention ? Forgot your birthday ? Didn 't play ball with you enough ? He lied to me my entire life . Let 's not get dramatic . He told me my mother was dead . But you have to understand , she was a mess . She was on drugs , off drugs . I mean , I never knew what she was gonna do next . When tyler was a baby , she would literally disappear For weeks at a time . And then finally she - she just never came back . Does tyler know what happened ? I didn 't know ! I - I just always assumed that she would End up dead of an overdose somewhere . And then when tyler was old enough To start asking about her , I told him that she died in a car wreck . I thought it was for the best . So he wouldn 't know that his mother abandoned him . about a month ago I found my birth certificate . Learned her name . And then I tried to find her . Guess what I found . That she was never really dead at all . She lives in maryland . She 's some sort of rehab counselor . So what , you think if you find her The two of you are just gonna live Happily ever after ? We 're gonna be a family again - Those cops you killed , they have families too . They got wives , the got - That would have been in your leg If I didn 't need you to drive . Let 's go . Okay , we know where tyler 's going . Please tell me you 've got something better . To stop him with than what you 're wearing . Oh , this has nothing to do with the case . I don 't trust them here . I think they 're trying to read my thoughts . Massive dynamic gives me the creeps too . According to dr . Carson 's data , The pilots that were treated with this drug Were highly responsive to magnetic fields . So we are modifying an electromagnetic pulse To target his brainwaves . What does that mean ? We 're gonna crash his brain . This device will wipe his brain of all thought . Uh , for a short period . He won 't be able to think . He will become severely disoriented . He may even vomit . Which , hopefully , will give you The window you need to take him down . Okay , let 's pack it up . We 're leaving . Good . Renee davies ? Yes . Can I help you ? Mom ... It 's me , tyler . Your son . Oh , my god . I found you ! Who 's this ? You mind if we go inside ? Of course . Mom , listen , I don 't blame you for leaving , all right ? I blame him . I don 't understand - Dad . He didn 't want me to be with you . Oh , no , tyler . It wasn 't like that . But it 's okay now . I 'm here . We can go . Go ? Go where ? Anywhere . Another country . Hey , honey , what 's going on ? Seth . We have some guests . Hi . Who the hell 's this ? It 's about time for us to go , tyler-what do you say ? I think I see who 's the problem here . tyler ... Tyler , what are you doing ? You cover the back , i 'll take the front . I need to disable tyler now . No time to wait for dr . Bishop . I 'm going in . Tyler , it 's over ! We 're outta here . And you 're driving . Sir ! He took peter . Go after them . Sir , we need to stop the bleeding . agent broyles , dr . Bishop and I are approaching the house . The bullet went clean through , and I said go ! Yes , sir . Tyler just took off with peter . Let 's go . Olivia , is that my car ? It 's them . If we can disrupt tyler 's brainwaves , How close do we need to be ? No further than 20 feet . And the effect will only last a few seconds . Ready . Okay , do it . Do it now . peter ? Peter ? Peter , son ... Are you with me ? Peter , son ... There you are . That was quick thinking . You always prove to be more resourceful Than I give you credit for . Is that supposed to be some sort of compliment ? How 's tyler ? He was knocked unconscious in the crash . Probably a concussion . We gave him a sedative to make sure he stays under . Agent broyles . See what happens when you get out from behind the desk ? I 've been shot before . First time by one of the good guys , though . Lucky for me you 're a lousy shot . The kid wanted to shoot you in the head . Lucky for you I was able to pull it off-center a bit . You 're gonna hold this over my head For a long time , aren 't you ? Somehow , you 'll make it up to me . Okay , thanks , olivia . Yeah , I 'll tell walter . Was I right ? Did tyler lose the power once the drug wore off ? Yeah , you were right . Which is a good thing , I guess . That means he won 't do any time . Kid goes on a killing spree , and all they 're gonna do is Make him talk it out with a bunch of shrinks . How many do you want ? I 'm not hungry . I don 't need any crepes . Oh , don 't be ridiculous . You were abducted . Of course you need crepes . I 'm okay , walter . Whenever your mother made them , You called them " creeps . " Drove her batty . She was a strong woman , your mother . " william , I don 't know if you 've been " receiving these messages , " but I continue to hope . " I wanted to update you on the status " of the penrose-carson experiments . " one of the tylers did , in fact , display " a rather dramatic ability for mind control . " but before we became aware of his ability , " there were some unintended consequences . " among them , he was able to locate records " of his surrogate mother , and , unfortunately , " made a misguided attempt to reunite with her . " in light of this , I am suspending the experiments " indefinitely . " you were right - mind control is possible , " given the right conditions . " so despite the unfortunate circumstances , " we can consider the project a success . " as always , I hope this finds you in good health . Warmest regards , nina . "
