 The captain has turned on the fasten seatbelt sign . Please make sure your seatbelts are securely fastened . I don 't speak German . I 'm from Denver . I 'm from Denver . My friend , it 's just an electrical storm . I understand . Here . Gum ? No , uh , thank you . - Oh , my god . - What ? - This bed is loud . - You think ? We-we can 't keep doing this . Sneaking around . Department 's not a massive fan of office romance . The policy seminar was endless , wasn 't it ? I kept finding myself staring at you . Actually had to move my chair to stop . - Well , I-I think Charlie knows . - No , he doesn 't know . Well , I think he does . If he knew , you would be transferred . The idea of somebody making a call whether or not you and I get to live in the same city , that 's unacceptable to me . Anyway , that 's all just preamble to the kicker , which is that ... I love you . Olivia Dunham . Yes , sir . Of course , sir . Yes , sir , I 'm on my way . Incident at logan . International flight . Charlie 's on his way . Agent Scott . We 're gonna let the FBI take the lead . Olivia Dunham , FBI . We got a flight out of Hamburg , 147 passengers . Towers lost contact three hours in . They thought it might have been electrical interference . They entered our airspace radio silent . Navy then scrambles two F-18 for escort . They reported stains on the windows . No signs of life aboard the jet . White house approved a CDC request for the jet not to be opened until they arrive . No signs of life ? Who was flying the plane ? Logan 's one of the first airports with the pearl autopilot system . Plane landed itself right on time . Unlike every flight I 've ever taken . Well , let me assure you we 'd be happy to treat you asamily too . Good old NTSB . They all like to think they 're cops . - Agent Scott . - Agent Francis . Agent Dunham . Whatever the hell mcneary saw through that window , it made him throw up in front of his whole unit . Excuse me . So what 's going on here ? Some sort of accident ? Tarmac 's closed . Nothing you need to worry about , sir . Oh , all right . - Move along . - I 'll do that . Thanks . Although this is a joint task force , you 're all reporting to the department of homeland security . I 'm special agent in charge , Broyles . D.C. has sent me here to make sure we get results . Standard level four hazmat suits are required to go in . Members from each agency on the starting line as follows . CIA , Baronoff . FBI , Charlie Francis and John Scott . Everyone else stand by . Okay , people , let 's move . Sir ! Olivia Dunham , FBI interagency liaison . Liaison on an interagency task force . Gotta love that . Kind of like powdered sugar on a glazed donut . Excuse me , if I 'm gonna do my job effectively , I like my information first-hand . That 's not redundancy . That 's accountability . I know exactly who you are . You want in , liaison ? Suit up . What kind of terrorism is this ? Who says it 's terrorism ? Sources tell us the plane was deliberately set ablaze by the CDC after all passengers remains had been removed ... Seat 41A , John rosenbloom . Honolulu , Hawaii . Car salesman . Criminal history 's negative . Have we reviewed video from the Hamburg Airport ? We need to see if any passengers ... On its way . And what the hell is taking so long with that black box ? Please tell me that terminal 's shutdown . It 's been down since 0400 local . You got any more questions ? Who 's point from CDC on the bone tissue agent Paley . You want his home number ? No , but I 'd like the whole report . - And not just this fax - - We 're on that too liaison . We don 't think what happened on that plane was a result of the in-flight movie . Back bay pd got a call at 0300 from a guard on duty at a storage facility . He saw two , and I quote , " suspicious middle eastern men " handing a white guy a briefcase . Liaison , take it . Go find out . Take what ? That ? You 're telling me that 's my assignment ? Yeah , honey . Would you mind ? ... in conjunction with the center for disease control , the decision was made to burn the plane only after it was determined - Petty bastard . He 's pissed because his best friend sexually assaulted three marine privates , and I 'm the bad guy 'cause I put him away . Broyles is an idiot . You 're smarter , you 're stronger , you 're much better looking . He 's jealous . What ? You said you loved me . In the motel . Yeah . That was a big deal . Yeah , well , you didn 't say anything back , so I just let it go . I 've been sort of bad at this for a long time . Until you . I wanted to say I love you too . Let 's go check the trash together . Empty . Acetylene , Propane ? No , Ammonia . What are you doing ? What are you doing ? I 'm a federal agent . We need to get a chem transport team out here now . I 'm on it . No signal . Freeze ! FBI ! I have a gun ! I will shoot ! John ? We got a runner in the back . We need him alive . I 'm on my way . - Hands in the air ! - John ! John . You were very lucky today , agent Dunham . Your wounds could 've easily been much more severe . Agent Scott wasn 't as fortunate . While he survived the initial blast , agent Scott was exposed to some synthetic chemical compounds . Work that was done in the labs you found . He 's not contagious , but until we understand more , it 's better not to introduce any additional contaminants . We haven 't been able to identify the substance that 's affecting him . The CDC has sent in specialists , but ... well , they 've never seen anything like what 's happening here . We 've put agent Scott in a drug-induced coma . His body temperature has been lowered significantly to try and slow the progress . I 'm sorry , agent Dunham . It 's me . Liaison . I found a connection between the Hamburg flight and what 's happened to agent Scott . His name 's Walter Bishop . He 's a scientific researcher from Cambridge . Born in ' 46 , Harvard educated . Post grad at Oxford and M.I.T. Look at the experiments he was doing in the ' 70s . I believe Dr. Bishop might have information that might tell us what happened aboard that plane and save agent Scott 's life . Says the guy 's been at St. Claire 's for 17 years . I saw that . An assistant was killed in his lab . Rumors about Dr. Bishop using humans as guinea pigs . He was charged with manslaughter , but was deemed mentally unfit to stand trial . Why are you so sure Bishop 's worth our time ? Why are you so sure he 's not ? Listen , Dunham , you and I got off on the wrong foot - if my past job performance as U.S. Marine special investigator offends you - Well , yeah , it does . A man who serves his country for 30 years has a few drinks and a small lapse in judgment - does not deserve five years . - A small lapse in judgment that will haunt three young women for the rest of their lives . But that 's not tonight 's business , is it ? Look , D.C. has tasked me to make sure that our reaction to flight 627 is beyond reproach . Now it says here , in 1991 the glorious state of Massachusetts forbade Dr. Bishop from having any visitors with the exception of immediate family . So from where I sit , barging into a mental institution waving the Patriot Act , which is what you 'd need , and demanding face time with some old lab rat who you think might be behind some of the most terrifying terror that I can possibly imagine - I 'm coming to you with a solid lead , - and your personal resentment is preventing you - - and you 're wasting your breath and my time . Do you understand " immediate family ? " You want to question Dr. Bishop , you go find his next of kin and have ' em escort you in . Talk to Bishop , uncover something substantial , and I will have your back . Until then , I am not so convinced . Now can you handle that ? He does have a son . Is his son local too ? Not exactly . So this guy 's Walter Bishop 's son . His name 's peter Bishop . He 's a high school dropout , I.Q. at 190 , which is 50 points north of genius . Misfit , nomad . Hasn 't kept a job longer than two months . He 's been a wild land fireman , cargo pilot , and briefly a college chemistry professor . He falsified a degree from M.I.T. And even managed to get a few papers published before he was found out . Sounds like a massive pain in the ass . My resume is hardly traditional . But around these parts , traditional increasingly means irrelevant . $ 100 billion sunk into infrastructure and you can barely keep the lights on . So you need someone to oversee construction on 600 miles of pipeline to carry crude between your fields in Kirkuk and the port of Ceyhan . A job well outside the green zone , I might add while I 'm still alive to do so . You 'll need someone who has a handle on the laws of hydrodynamic resistance . The heat exchange in oil mixture flows . You 'll also need someone who can work with mixed integer programs because you 're gonna have to resize the pipes as you start working across uneven terrain . That is , if you want to keep down construction costs . I also speak Farsi . And 600,000 all in sounds fair . Peter Bishop . Olivia Dunham . I 'm with the FBI . Okay . You 've heard of flight 627 ? The Hamburg flight , of course . You may be able to help us with that . No , I think you got the wrong guy . Your father is Walter Bishop . You know , the last time somebody asked me that it was an accusation . Well , he 's the man we 're looking to speak with , but due to his current status , you 're the only one who can provide us access . And what possible help could that man be to you ? And what is it exactly that you 're expecting me to do ? Hop on a plane with you back to Massachusetts ? I just got here , honey . I can have you on a return flight here in four days , but first - let me save you the time . I 'd rather stay here in Iraq . That 's how much I want to see my father . I 'm going to beg you as one human being to another . Your father may be able to save someone who 's dying . Someone I care about very much . Sweetheart , we all care about someone who 's dying . I can 't help you . I 'm sorry . I know why you 're here ! I have your file . What file ? The one the FBI would say doesn 't exist . And it has everything . Where you 've been , what you 're running from . And what you need while you 're here . So either you come with me , or I let certain people know your whereabouts . When do we leave ? did the doctors say anything else ? Yeah . Thanks , Charlie . Let me ask you something . My father , not my favorite . He is without a doubt the most self-absorbed , twisted , abusive , brilliant , myopic son of a bitch on the planet . So he was a chemist . That much I already know . He worked out of a basement lab in Harvard doing research for a toothpaste company . I also know that there was an accident at the lab one night , that my father was arrested , beginning the first truly peaceful period in our home . But here 's the thing , Olivia . My gut tells me that your friend 's life , the one hanging in the balance , not gonna be saved by a tube of toothpaste . He worked out of Harvard , but not on toothpaste . He was part of a classified U.S. army experimental program called Kelvin genetics . They gave him the resources to do whatever work he wanted , which was primarily in an area called fringe science . When you say fringe science , you mean pseudoscience . I suppose . Things like mind control , teleportation , astral projection , invisibility , genetic mutation , reanimation , fertility - Whoa , excuse for a sec . Reanimation ? Really ? So you 're telling me what ? My father was Dr. Frankenstein ? You know what ? Why don 't you go on ahead . Dr. Bishop , special day . You have a visitor . Hello . I knew someone would come ... eventually . Dr. Bishop . Dr. Bishop ? And you said this was - when did this happen ? The incident on the plane happened four days ago . Agent Scott was injured the next day . The dermis already indurated , translucent . M - muscular tissue visible . On Scott , you mean , can you see through skin ? Yes . Oh , that 's not good . To see through the skin , it 's-it 's tricky , it 's advanced . - Like that it 's tricky . - What 's happening to him ? Can it be reversed ? What is it ? They ... they have this horrible ... pudding here . Butterscotch pudding on Mondays . It 's dreadful . It 's Thursday . Oh , that 's fantastic news . It can be reversed . What happened to your colleague . Years ago I worked with lab animals , and-and ... some of them were afflicted , but were saved . So do you remember what to do ? This place , their - their choice of therapies has c-c - Dr. Bishop . You came here today with my son . I 'm not allowed visitors , you see , except immediate family . And unless the order has been lifted , then it 's a simple if-then formula . If you are here , then so is he . I would ... so much ... so very much like to see him . So much . He asked for you . Thanks , sweetheart . I really appreciate that . Hey , I didn 't tell him you were here . And call me " sweetheart " one more time . I 'd really like that . Hello , Walter . I thought you 'd be fatter . You thought I would be fatter . Excellent first words , perfect . No , as a boy , you were rounder . Yes , I was until the summer before high school . Not that I 'd expect you to remember that . May I see something ? What are you doing ? Take your hands off of me ! Pupils are good . They 're good . Thank goodness . How advanced is your colleague 's condition ? Which-which is something I-I-I - I 'm unable to deduce without a firsthand examination . I must see Mr. Scott myself . Which I am unable to do . Well , under present law . Unless-unless signed out by a legal guardian who must be , once again , a relative . What are you asking me to - No . Guardian ? No , forget it . - He 'll do it . - No , I will not . One phone call . That 's all it takes . You want me to make it ? 'Cause I got my phone in my pocket . Now it 's out of my pocket . You wanted my father . Now you 've got my father . Which falls into the category of be careful what you wish for ... sweetheart . Every effort is being made to understand what happened on flight 627 ... Dr. Bishop , I was curious . Did anyone else ever have access to your work ? Well , the assistants had bits and pieces . And god , I suppose . I supposed the only one that really knew what I was doing was belly . Who ? Belly , William Bell . He and I shared the lab . William Bell ? You shared your lab with the founder of massive dynamics ? I 'm sorry , I don 't know what that is , massive dynamics . Oh , nothing really . Just a tiny little company . That 's perfect . One guys becomes one of the wealthiest men on the planet . The other guy becomes an institutionalized psychopath . What ? What happened ? I just pissed myself . - Excellent . - Just a squirt . I just got your message . How 's John ? Worse . CDC says the Hamburg flight was caused by a synthetic compound . Which is like saying rain is caused by a wet compound . They 've run some tests on John , but haven 't come back with anything . What about Bishop ? Left to right , insane and irritating . And also my only hope . Listen ... I need to question William Bell . Could you set that up for me ? William Bell ? Massive dynamics William Bell . He and Bishop used to share a lab . You 're kidding . Dr. Bishop ? Is there ginger ale ? Any ginger ale ? I haven 't had some in a long time . I miss it . Can we please get some ginger ale for the doctor , agent Farnsworth . Sure . Whoa , stop right now ! Stop ! Does this not concern you ? Let him go . Petri dish . Quick , please . Good . - I need to take this to my lab right away . - Your what ? Kresge building basement , Harvard . We should leave . I have my sample . Your lab was shutdown after you left . I 'm sorry ? Wake up . It 's gone . No . No , no , no . No , no , no , no , no , no . Walter , there is no lab . - It 's a perfect working - - No ! Damn you , damn you ! We need to get him back immediately . Liaison . - When did you get back ? - I need your help . I want you to know I 've successfully had Dr. Walter Bishop released from St. Claire 's , and he requires the use of his old laboratory . I 'm sorry , what ? Kresge building . Harvard , basement . The university 's been using it for storage for the past 17 years . It would be nice to think that your tenacity in this case is a byproduct of a remarkable and robust professionalism . But I can 't help but wonder if there wasn 't something going on between you and agent Scott . Get the lab for Bishop . So much . So much happened here . And so much is about to . Dr. Bishop , I 've ordered a standard forensics work package . Is there anything else you need ? Um , optical coherence tomograph for flesh study . 2,000 pounds of silicon . At least five anonymous blood samples from volunteer donors . Microorganism detector . Nasa grade , of course . There 's still NASA , yes ? Yes . Oh , she 's still here ! Oh , this tank was the best . And a two-year-old bos taurus . A what ? A cow . He wants a cow . Purebred , not crossbred . This is important . Mature weight , 850 pounds . Internal fat average of 2.37 Is he joking ? Genetically , humans and cows are separated by only a couple lines of DNA . So it 's an ethical test subject . Where 'd you learn that ? M.I.T ? No , actually . I picked that up reading books . You should try it sometime . It 's fun . Get him the cow . Fantastic , thank you . The only thing better than a cow is a human . Unless you need milk . Then you really need a cow . Coffee ? Thanks . Tell me . What else did that file say about yours truly ? How bad was it ? I 'm not at liberty to discuss it . Why don 't you go ahead and liberate yourself , ' cause I 'm here now , so I kind of feel like I deserve the truth , don 't you ? There was no file . I needed you back here . So that was what ? You were bluffing ? I - I was desperate . You know , I 'm usually pretty good at reading people . That 's sort of what I do . Yeah , well , I could see you were in trouble . Anyone could see that . So I could 've stayed . I could 've stayed in Iraq . You know , a car bomb went off this morning in Kirkuk . You might just owe me a thank you . Yeah , well , I owe a lot . Tsk , yeah , I figured . Mafia . A guy named " Big Eddie " . You owe money to a guy nicknamed " Big Eddie " ? No , I owe money to a guy named " Big Eddie " . He had it legally changed . And the thing is , I 'm not even a gambler . I mean , I never was . It just - a couple years ago I went a bit crazy . I thought you were a genius . You must 've had a system . Of course there was a system . The house was cheating . But you try telling ' em that . '72 during Vietnam . The D.O.D. ' s biochem division had us working on a leprotic contagion for possible use against the vietcong . It 's possible that whatever ... affected that plane may have been derived from that work . What about John ? What 's infecting him is merely a ... chemical reaction to the raw laboratory ingredients , not the finished contagion . Which means we can synthesize a counteragent . - So you can help him . - Don 't do that . Don 't give her false hope . There 's no false . It 's not false . It 's real . I could help , yes . If I had a precise inventory of what was in that storage facility when it detonated . We don 't have it . It all went up , everything . And the suspect who might have those answers got away , and John was the only one who saw his face . So how long does he have left ? Current rate of crystallization , cellular degradation - - How long ? - 24 hours . His brain will no longer be able to oxygenate itself . I 'm so sorry ... that I can 't offer you a less dangerous solution . What do you mean ? Didn 't I mention it ? Whatever you think you said , you didn 't say . The synaptic transfer system . The shared dream state . What do you mean shared dream state ? The human brain generates a quantifiable electric field . I posited in 1976 that it is possible to synchronize the fields of two distinct minds to allow the sharing of information across the unconscious state . Like a string between two tin cans . You know what 's great about that is that it 's completely insane ? You 're saying I can talk to John in a coma and he can tell me what the suspect looks like . - It 's not an exact science . - It 's not even science . Have you done this before ? I have used this technique to extract information from a corpse once . You can do that if they haven 't been dead for longer than six hours . Right , ' cause after six hours , that 's when they 're really dead . You could access his memories . Assuming there 's no brain damage . Of course you 'd have to have an electromagnetic probe placed in the base of your skull whilst immersed without clothing in the old tank . And you 'd be heavily drugged . What sort of drugs ? Oh , a mix of ketamine , neurontin , lysergic acid diethylamide . That last one is ISD , by the way-acid . Take at least a few hours . I 'd need your help to synthesize it if it 's not too much trouble . Yeah , sure , no problem . That sounds like fun . The man who was just released from the mental institution , he wants to give you a drug overdose , then sick a metal rod into your head and put you naked into a rusty tank of water . No , I don 't want to . No , I 'd rather not . I 'm just saying I can . Okay , Olivia , excuse me for sec . Now you 're obviously under severe duress , and you haven 't slept since Iraq , and the man you care about might die , but I 'm telling you that man will kill you . You don 't understand the procedure . John would do it for me . Set it up . I 'll get dhs authorization to bring John here . This is unbelievable . This is insane ! He is insane ! And you 're insane for following him . Excellent . Let 's make some ISD . Put him over here . Salt 'll make you float . Charlie , did you get me in to see William Bell ? Massive dynamics isn 't exactly being forthcoming or courteous . And apparently , William Bell is out of the country for the next two weeks . What 's this ? A sweet little memo from their general counsel . So bell doesn 't want to talk ? Or he 's just being the head of a $ 50 billion corporation . Oh , screw this . I want to drive a tank through William Bell 's office and find out what he knows . I know you do , but I 'm here to tell you the bad news . It 's gonna be another 48 hours till we get a court order . You should probably strip to your underwear . Hello . What the hell was that ? Charlie , we don 't have 48 hours . I need you to get to bell . If Walter fails , bell could be the only one to save us . Livvy , what 's happening here ? You 've cleared all this with Broyles ? Somewhat . Somewhat doesn 't sound good . Is that a cow ? Yeah , that 's gene . Listen , Charlie , I-I need you to promise me you 'll do whatever you can . Of course . You know that . Be careful . My god . Now where was I ? Could you tilt your head forward , please . I still think that this is deeply irresponsible , and believe me , I would know . This is an anesthetic . I feel normal working . Yeah , ' cause bootlegging smack in the basement is just the picture of normalcy . I got you . I got you . I hope your guy is worth it . And this ... will rip open your consciousness . Listen , in case , you don 't come back , I just ... wanted to say before we do this , how much I appreciate what you 've done . There are so many things you 'll lose in a place like that . You lose being trusted . Strange how important that is once it 's gone . If you want to watch , you can come closer . Do you work here ? Yeah , I 'm Astrid Farnsworth , assistant to agent Dunham . Who ? Oh , yes . I 'm Walter ... Bishop , Walter Bishop . Yes , thank you . Don 't mention it . These are her brain rhythms . More important than most people know regarding ... Cerebral regional interaction . Critical . And-and these are his . As the drugs take effect , the probes will synchronize the electrical signals from both . That 's what the brain is , an electrical router . Should be able to be interpreted by the other . Yeah , simple really . Like making taffy . Then when the rhythms are in synch , they should be in the same place , so to speak . So what do we do now ? Now we wait . What was that ? Hello . Hello ! I think I 'm here . I think I 'm here . I 'm here . John ? That 's my uncle 's Kayak . John ? Is that you ? - Olivia . - John . - What 's happening ? - She 's fine . - She 's all right ? - She 's fine . - You sure ? - Look . I was just thinking about you . What was that ? Oh , nothing . John ... you were hurt . I don 't remember . Think . The storage units . I feel cold . I need you to remember . Remember what ? What you saw . I need you to show me his face . Why ? So I can save you . Please try . Try and remember . Yes , this is right . This is right . we got a runner in the back . We need him alive . I can 't see his face . Her leg ! Oh , I saw him ! I saw John get hurt . I was there . I was there , I saw-I saw him . What do you mean you saw him ? Where ? I told you not to ask me that . This is him . This is the suspect we 're looking for . He looks like this . Send me the image . I 'll put it through the database . Have you slept ? You look like crap . No primary matches for criminal record . Well , cross-check all state driver license files and send this image to all local hospitals . Agent Dunham , take a look at this . Oh , my god . This is him . He was a passenger on flight 627 . - I don 't ... I don 't understand . - Wait , wait , wait . He couldn 't have been at the storage place . - Charlie , I saw him there . - Hold on , guys . Morgan Steig was passenger number 108 . His emergency contact , Richard Steig . You 're telling me he has a twin ? Yeah , no home address , only a history of employment . What ? Richard Steig 's last employer . I was hoping to speak with William Bell . I 'm Nina Sharp , executive director . I only have a few minutes . Our primary suspect is a former employee of yours , Richard Steig , who may have used research from your company to develop a self-eradicating airborne toxin . We don 't know why or for whom , but it appears he was willing to sacrifice his own brother . Whatever killed those people on that plane got onboard through his insulin pen . So do you want to talk to me ? Danielle ... please assemble everything we have on Richard Steig for agent Dunham here . I remember Richard Steig . He worked in our weapons systems research lab . He was caught ... three months ago trying to leave the premises with classified information . He was terminated immediately . We referred his name to the justice department . We have done our due diligence , agent Dunham . And if you choose to drag our company and Dr. Bell 's name into this matter , you will be hearing from our attorneys . How long have you worked for Dr. Bell ? 16 years . I owe massive dynamics my life , and that is not an exaggeration . I s a runner most of my life . In the ' 97 Boston Marathon , I felt strangely tired . One day at the office , Dr. Bell noticed my discomfort and insisted I go for a CAT scan . Cancer . Spread so severely I had to have my arm amputated that week . That first scanner that found my cancer was built by this company . The robotic assist tools there were used in my surgery , the drugs I took afterwards ... were developed and manufactured by massive dynamics . And my replacement limb was designed by Bell himself . Everything we have on Richard Steig . Do you believe that Steig may be part of the pattern ? I 'm sorry , part of the ... part of the pattern ? Oh , I assumed you had clearance . Well , I 'm cleared to know whatever you 're cleared to know , Ms. Sharp . Apparently not . But suffice to say that we 've reached a point where science and technology have advanced at such an exponential rate for so long , it may be way beyond our ability to regulate and control them . You should know what you 're getting into , agent Dunham . I would say this to my own daughter . Be careful . And good luck . Keep the tree warm , sandy ! We 're on our way to your house ! And this is a show for children ? Yeah , it 's huge . Surprisingly profound for a narrative about a sponge . Crazy house . I just landed at Logan . I 'm on my way to you . I think we 've located our suspect . Hold on a second . You found the guy ? You found the guy from your dream . I 'm picking you both up . I need your father there to question him , get whatever information he needs so he can make the cure for John . And I need you there too in case your father 's - ... say no more . We 'll meet you out front . Stay eyes on south side . Red , stand by . Rooftop , confirm your position . Got one coming out . This way , ma 'am . Clear ! Clear ! Clear ! In the back ! I 'd like to ... check your blood pressure . Why don 't you check your own blood pressure ? Mine 's fine , thanks . Your skin tone suggests you might be suffering from arterial hypertension . Don 't tell me what I 'm suffering from . And there are no visible signs of hypertension . When this over , please don 't send me back . I don 't want to go back . Look , Walter - this experience .. You woke me up again , and ... you can 't put me back to sleep . It was hardly my idea , any of it . Whatever punishment you think I deserve , I swear I have already endured it . 17 years . Please ... son . What ? He 's in the alley ! Can I get out of the car ? Stay right there , Walter ! We 've got some questions for you . U.S. Code 1111 . The murder of 147 passengers . U.S. Code 2332-A . Use of weapons of mass destruction . U.S. Code 2332-B . An act of terrorism transcending national borders . U.S. Code 1132-A . Attempted murder of a federal agent . You want immunity . I want a detailed account ... of all the synthetic chemicals you had in that storage facility . Write them down . And then we can talk about an agreement . I ... have nothing ... to say . Walter , stay here . Where are you - the compound affecting agent Scott . It 's water soluble , right ? We might not know what it is , but we know what it does . So if I wanted to , I could extract the contagious fluids from his body and ... that would allow me to slip it to you whenever I wanted to . In your food . A cup of coffee . The toilet . Nobody would ever know how it happened . The only problem is ... the woman who was just in here , that 's her friend who 's dying . So I just don 't have that kind of time . No ! Tell me the chemicals ! Hey , stop , stop ! You can 't ! You can 't do that . No , you can 't do that . I want the names of the chemicals . I 'm gonna count to one . One ! The active toxin was a magnesium based ethylene glycol . No , I understand that , but you 're not listening to me . Magnesium ethylene glycol with an organophosphate trig - Walter , just stop for a second . His blood won 't be able to absorb it before the side-effects kill him . So you 're saying what ? We synthesize a calcium gluconate in a thiamine base ? Yes , exactly . We can 't . We 'd need more of his blood . We have none . That 's not true - all agents are required to set up a backup blood supply in case we 're wounded . Autologous transfusion . That 's brilliant . We can create the antidote and then just dissolve it into Scott 's stored blood . If we transfuse him intravenously , his body won 't be overwhelmed . A + , boy . Well done . Let 's begin . So I got the lab . Yeah , I know you did . Thanks . How 's it goin ' downstairs ? Bishop says it 'll be awhile , but that it 's looking auspicious . That was his word . What ? You 've done some solid work here . Locating Bishop . Getting him out . Finding a way to get him to work with you . We 're impressed . Who 's " we " ? What happened on that plane might be part of something more dangerous than just simple terrorism . Simple terrorism ? In the past nine months , there have been three dozen authenticated incidents like the Hamburg flight . John Thompson , normal kid , went missing back in ' 98 . Reappeared last month halfway around the world . Hadn 't aged a day . In the past few months , 46 other children who went missing that same year turn up . Same story . Local fisherman off the coast of Sri Lanka ... reports a low-flying plane emitting a high-pitch frequency that blows out all their windows . An hour later , same spot , an 8.7 sub-surface earthquake creates a Tsunami that kills 83,000 people . - So why are you telling me - - This man . A patient in lisbon who woke up after years in a coma began writing just numbers . They turn out to be exact real-time coordinates of our carrier battle groups in the Pacific . Intel that 's classified above top-secret . So how is that even possible ? Come work for me , and I 'll get you the clearance - Oh , stop . Dunham , there 's more you need to hear . You must not have heard me . I said stop . They 're calling these events " the pattern . " As if someone out there is experimenting , only the whole world is their lab . You 've seen it , now you know . I don 't wanna know . I have a job . This is a more important job . Anything , anybody you need , you can have . I like the job I 've got . And the man I do it with . Which you seem to have deduced on your own . Look around . You see all these people going about their lives . No idea what 's happening around them , what they 're in the middle of . I just wanna go back to before . Dunham . I don 't think you can . He 's up . He 's awake . Olivia , Olivia , he 's awake ! He 's conscious . John ? John , can you hear me , baby ? Baby ? I had a dream about you . Uh , a change of clothes for agent Scott . His vitals are surprisingly strong . So , um , how long does he have to stay ? Until the melanocytes in his skin have regenerated , but that shouldn 't be more than a week . He owes you his life . We owe each other . What room is Steig in ? I told you everything I know . Didn 't I ? I gave you the names of all the synthetics I used in the compound . Don 't worry , our immunity agreement holds . But there 's still a whole lot more we have to talk about . Like , why you killed your own brother ? And who you 're selling your work to ? Who says I was selling it ? I was threatened by a guy from your office . You think I 'm lying ? I swear to god . I can prove it . - Where 's the recording ? - I buried it . Who is this ? We had an exchange agreement . Hmm , there have been other bidders . Today , the airplane was a demonstration . You 've drawn unwarranted attention . Something we can 't afford to be connected with . I 'll make this simple . You 're not selling to anyone else . You do that , we will come after you . I will come after you . You 're threatening me after seeing what I 'm willing to do to my own brother ? Well , let me assure you , we 'd be happy to treat you as family too . Well , let me assure you . We 'd be happy to treat you as family too . Special agent Scott . Yes , sir , go right ahead . Charlie , I need two agents posted outside agent Scott 's room now . Check on Steig . I 'm on it . I 'm five minutes away . We need this place locked down ! This is Dunham , agent I.D. 52776 in pursuit of blue SUV heading south on Fenway . Need immediate assist . Ask yourself why ... why Broyles sent you to the storage facility . Why you ? Why ? I don 't understand . Who are you working for ? John , tell me . Tell me more , John . I knew him just as long as you did . I 'm sorry . Job isn 't what it was ten years ago . We 're supposed to protect a world where one breath of the wrong air can incinerate you from the inside out . I mean , how do we protect people when corporations have higher security clearances than we do ? When we 're not fully briefed on half the things that we 're investigating ? You know , when the truth ... the truth is we 're obsolete . Take me back to the lab . Can I talk to you please ? Yeah . I 'll be back in a second . Though I 'm sure you 're anxious to get as far away from here as possible . To Iraq or afghanistan or countless other out of reach places , but I 'm here to tell you that your father needs to stay . Which means that you need to too . Are you okay ? No , I-I-I-I know that you have countless reasons as to why this is a non-starter for you . But , I mean , your father is a good man . He 's not the monster you think he is . And you 're good with him , despite what you think . And you 're the only one who speaks Walter . We take him back to st . Claire 's and it 's all over . Where 's John ? I can talk to the agency and get them to clear your gambling debts . I can take care of my own debts , okay ? What just happened ? Where 's John ? I 'm not gonna use false threats with you anymore . I don 't need to . The threats are real . After you left , my father sat down and started talking to me and he was ... remarkably lucid . He told me about the work that he and William Bell had done their experiments . And that incident - what happened on the plane is just the beginning . Which makes every part of me feel like I gotta get the hell outta Boston . Are we leaving ? Are we leaving ? How long has he been dead ? Five hours . Question him .
