 Previously on " Fringe " Olivia Dunham , FBI . They 're calling these events " The Pattern " . As if someone out there is experimenting Only the whole world is their lab . Anybody you need , you can have . His name 's Walter Bishop . - My father . - He worked out of Harvard . He was part of a classified US Army experimental program In an area called ' Fringe Science ' . You 're telling me my father was Dr. Frankenstein . So much happened here , And so much is about to . Are those notes you 're writing , Ben ? I thought we talked about this . You know , about taking a break from the music . So you 'd have time for other things . Maybe something new . Dad , don 't get mad at me But the windshield wipers , can you slow them down ? Slow them down ? The tempo . It 's messing me up . Sorry bean , I can 't . I need to be able to see . Stop , I need help . What is it ? Don 't know . Let 's see . You okay ? Oh I 'm fine . I can 't say the same for my car . It kind of shuddered and then stopped . And my phone 's dead . Oh , hold on . Be right back . Thank you . Of course ! It 's not a night you wanna get stuck out here . Yeah , uh , I need a tow . I 'm on Route 12 , about two miles north of Fair Oak . Yeah , Massachusetts plate 332EWD . All right , thanks ! Ah , they 're busy . It 's gonna be a while . Then I 'm definitely gonna be late for that meeting which would normally be a blessing but this one 's important . Listen I-I know hardly a thing about cars . But why don 't you let me take a look ? - No , no , you 've done enough . - No . That 's alright . Transmission 's dry . Some kind of electrical short . Hey , easy . Didn 't mean to scare you . It 's okay . I didn 't , I didn 't hear you . Yeah listen , sorry it took so long . Hey man , you okay ? Where 's her car ? Ben . Ben ? Ben ! The boy 's name is Ben Stockton . According to his father , they were driving home from a school function last night , when he saw a woman having car trouble . The father claims that while he was looking at the woman 's car , something happened . He said it was like time jumped . And his son , the woman and her car were suddenly gone . So he just blacked out . In the statement , he gave police , he insisted he never lost consciousness . So any other witnesses to back up the dad 's story ? No , but this is not the first time this has happened . These are from the files of three other missing person cases , dating back ten years . In each one , witnesses describe seeing the same woman . We 've tried running facial recognition software . Nothing . So what happened to the other victims ? The first was found wandering the shoulder of I-91 near Northampton . The second in the supermarket , curled up in the freezer bin . - Meaning what ? They were let go ? - Apparently . But not before whatever 'd been done to them , drove them insane . Two weeks after she was found ... One of the victims actually tried to lobotomize herself using a butter knife . And all of them completely incapable of recalling what happened during the abduction . Even under hypnosis . So they 're all academics . A probability theorist ... Structural engineer ... If we 're looking at a serial abduction , then a ten-year-old kid really doesn 't fit the bill . No , but other than that the details surrounding his disappearance are identical to the others . Interacting with the woman in the sketch , then experiencing an interval of lost time . Peculiar flashing lights . Green green green red . Like Christmas lights . How did you know that , Dr. Bishop ? I don 't know . - But that 's what happened , isn 't it ? - Yes . Think you might be able to jog your mind Walter ? Could be kind of helpful . Christmas lights . That 's all I can recall . Sorry . I know what it sounds like . Like I 'm crazy . I 'm not . I talked to her . I touched her car . Police grilled my brother for hours . They treated him like a suspect . I know what I saw . She was real . Why doesn 't anybody believe him ? You 're wasting time . We need to find Ben . Yeah , I believe you . In fact we think that the same woman may be involved in a number of other abductions . This has happened before ? Why would anyone want to take my son ? I don 't know . Honestly , he doesn 't really fit the profile of the other victims . For one , they were all adults . And another they were all academics . Experts in various fields . What ? Ben is kind of an expert himself . What do you mean ? Nine months ago , my wife was walking Ben to school . Some idiot late for a dentist appointment ran a red light . And they were hit in the crosswalk . Abby was killed . The doctors told me they didn 't know if Ben was gonna make it either . He was in a coma for six days . And when he woke up - It 's easier if I just show you . This is the day I took him home from the hospital . He hadn 't spoken , said even a word since I told him his mother died . And we got home ... And he just sat down at the piano and started to play . He 's very talented . Before this , he had never taken a single lesson . His doctors told me there had been other cases . People with severe brain traumas . Waking up with the ability to do things they 'd never done before . Two weeks later , he was composing his own music . One piece in particular . Stopped being interested in everything else . You said the other people that had been taken , were accomplished at something . Do you think that-that 's why they took Ben ? I don 't know . Thank you so much for your time . Uh , Agent Dunham ... After Abby died , my brother ... He barely held it together . Without Ben , I don 't think he 'll make it . I 'll do everything I can . How are you feeling , Ben ? I wanna go home . I just wanna see my dad . Well , I have something better for you . There 's someone else here who would very much like to see you . I don 't care ! I wanna see my dad ! Well , your mother will be very disappointed to hear that . My mom 's dead . Are you sure about that ? Hey , Walter ? Don 't you think it 's a little early in the season for the yuletide cheer ? I 'm reciting christmas carols in an attempt to jar loose some details from my subconscious ; to remember where I heard mention of the green and red lights . But sadly , it hasn 't yet worked . So you thought it would be more useful to work on your Christmas tree decorations ? Though I-I cannot recall where I heard of the lights , it did give me an idea a theory as to how the boy was taken . I was hired to design a technology ... An intricate pattern of flashing lights , intended to create a suggestible state of hypnosis . Theoretically , the test subjects will do what ever commanded . Bark like a dog , dance a jig , wash the car . US government had you working on mind control ? Not the government . It was an advertising agency . They hoped to broadcast the flashing lights during commercials so that the viewers would have no choice but to buy their products . Unfortunately , it merely caused nausea . Which was unfortunate because apparently , people don 't like to shop when they feel like they 're going to throw up . Miss ! Where is the remote ? Oh , hey ! Walter ! Walter ! Walter , dial it down a notch , all right ? Now I posit that the flashing lights witnessed by the father induced a-a hypnagogic trance during which stage the child was abducted . I thought you said the experiments were failures . Oh , yes . But I focused solely on the timing and intensity of the flashes , not the colors . The green and red . Now I suggest that those wavelengths are the key to success . Come . Let me demonstrate . Come . What do you want me to do ? Just ... stare at the lights . Sorry , Walter . Better luck next time . Anyone ready for lunch ? What 's up , chachi ? Did you do this to me ? You did . Dunham . It 's me . Based on the description by the father , I ID 'd your kidnapper . Name 's Joanne Ostler . She was a neurologist studying at MIT . She would have been thirty this March . What do you mean , would have been ? Uh , according to DMV Department of Records , Joanne Ostler died ten years ago . Are you sure it 's the same woman ? Looks identical to the woman from your sketch . And she doesn 't have a twin because I checked . So what happened to her ? Apparently her car went off the bridge in November of ' 98 Eight months , before any of the abductions . How is that even possible ? Here 's the thing . The car was recovered but her body was never found . So then it 's possible that she survived . Either that or Broyles has you chasing a ghost . # Dashing through the snow , In a one-horsed open sleigh # # O 'er the fields we go - # Hey , what the hell 's he doing ? He thinks it 'll help him remember where he 's heard about the red and green lights . - Okay . - We 've got good news . We think we understand how it was that Ben was abducted . Those red and green flashing lights They put the father into a hypnagogic state . And we think we may have ID 'd the woman responsible . I have it ! Christmas . Christmas . Leading to Christmas Carols one of which is Jingle Bells , which leads naturally to dashing through the snow , which of course inevitably leads one to dash . - To dash ? - Dashiell Kim ... The man who mentioned the lights to me . I 'm sure of it . Where is he , Walter ? Can we talk to him ? I guess that would depend on whether he has succeeded in killing himself or not . What are you talking about , Walter ? Who is this guy ? A fellow inmate of mine at St. Claire 's Asylum . I think we may have ID 'd another abductee . Dashiell Kim . Headed up astrophysics at UMass . Went missing in May 2006 . Turned up a week later at his home outside Clarksburg , where he had a psychotic break . Bludgeoned his wife to death with a tire iron . He was committed to St. Claire 's Hospital . He was there at the same time as Dr. Bishop ? Walter Bishop claims he remembers Kim telling him a story about a woman who put him to sleep with a Christmas tree and then took him away . - Green and red lights . - And he fits the profile . Expert in a scientific field . But I need you to get an interview request pushed through legal so we can arrange a visitation . Any specific things that Kim might remember about the abduction . Like where he was taken maybe . That might take some time . How come ? Says here , Dashiell Kim is a 1027 . Yeah what 's that ? Criminally insane with knowledge of State secrets . Apparently , Kim had a sideline consulting the defense contracts for JPL . You can 't get in to talk to him without official clearance . And how long will that take ? If we go through channels , six weeks minimum . I 've got a contact at Justice . I 'll tell him it 's urgent . I don 't know how a guy that could do this to his own wife is gonna help you find a missing kid . You 've never looked at it in that order , have you ? No . Hi , bean . Mom ? He did this to his own wife ? 32 years of marriage . By all accounts they seemed happy . Until Dashiell showed up after he was abducted and beat her to death . Did I hear mention of my old friend Dashiell ? Of course . I 'd recognize his handiwork anywhere . You mean , he killed others ? Well he tried-a patient at the institution Jasper but actually I was referring to the equation . Dashiell was obsessed with it . Obsessed in what way ? He couldn 't complete it . I tried to help him solve it once and he came at me with a plastic spork . What are you thinking ? You know , Ben 's father said that Ben became obsessed with this one piece of music . And he couldn 't complete it either . I 've been listening to it . It 's very beautiful . He 's light years ahead of where even you were at that age . Walter , take a look at this . See this function ? It appears here , here , here - It just keeps on repeating over and over . Yes yes it 's a recurring expression . Or it 's a rhythm . Well yes I suppose . Are you suggesting - Can you convert that into standard musical notation ? Oh-oh-oh , I can try . What 's going on ? Music is a mathematical language . Chords have numerical values and their notes quarters , eights , sixteens , they 're all just fraction variables . Okay , I took the oboe for six months and then quit . Almost there , Peter . That 's nine bars . Okay , listen to this . Sound familiar ? That 's Ben 's song . Yes . Ben 's piece is the musical equivalent of Dashiell 's mathematical formula . So how is that possible ? They 'd never even met each other . It 's not so surprising actually . Curious minds often converge on the same idea . Newton and Leibniz , independently without knowing each other , invented calculus . The relevant question is , what is it ? What is what ? What is it that both Ben and Dashiell are trying to solve ? How is this possible ? Are we in heaven ? No honey , we 're not in heaven . But I don 't understand . I saw you get hurt . I don 't understand either . But I do know that I 'm here . And I 've missed you so much , bean . For me to stay , you have to do what this woman says . You have to finish the song , bean . You need to finish it . It 's important , Ben . Okay . I love you , Mom . I love you too , bean . - Dr. Sumner . - Hello . Thank you so much for taking the time to speak with me . I understand you 're interested in talking to one of my patients . Although I-I can 't imagine what help Dashiell Kim could be to the FBI . We 're investigating a Missing Persons ' case - A kidnapping . And we believe that before coming here , Mr. Kim may have been the victim of an abduction himself . Possibly by the same person that we 're looking for . I suppose you came by this information through a former patient of mine . Dr. Walter Bishop ? You 're the agent who took him three months ago , aren 't you ? Yes . And you should know Dr. Bishop is doing quite well . He 's been assisting us since he checked out . He has no business being out among the rest of us . Well , I appreciate your concern but I 'm not here to talk about Dr. Bishop . I respect your discretion . Provided you respect mine . The mental health of my patients ... Is my primary concern . And subjecting them to open-ended interrogations by FBI agents is hardly prudent therapy . I appreciate your position . And I 'd like to help . But I can 't subject Dashiell to new faces right now . Dr. Sumner , I 'm here because a child 's life may be in danger . There may be a way we can work this out . I 'm listening . You 've assured me that Walter Bishop is doing fine . If that 's the case , I 'll allow Walter Bishop to talk to Mr. Kim and ask your questions . It might do Dashiell good to see a familiar face . Olivia , there is nothing to discuss . But it 's the only way we can make contact with Dashiell Kim . - Absolutely not . - Peter - You want to send my already mentally unstable father back to the institution that made him that way . We don 't have a choice . We need to speak to Dashiell . And without Sumner 's permission , we need a subpoena which is going to take time . Even if he speaks to Dashiell , what makes you think he 's gonna remember a word that he says ? The man can 't even remember what he had for lunch . I have noticed , that you have a habit of referring to me as if I 'm not in the room . Does anyone care what I think ? Yes , Walter . What do you want to do ? I 'd rather not go . - Walter - - Olivia , he said " no . " That is incorrect . I said , " I 'd rather not go . " But I will . Every moment that passes , is another moment that little boy 's life is in danger . Isn 't that correct , Agent Dunham ? Then we should go . Well , are you ready ? When you get out , we 'll be right here . Good luck , Walter . Come with me . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . I can 't help you . Dr. Bishop , how you been ? You know I 'm not really back . Yeah , well , it 's nice to see you anyway . You have ten minutes , Walter . Dashiell . It 's me , Walter . Walter Bishop . Walter ? You look different . It 's the beard . And you look different too somehow . That smile . Have they altered your medication ? Wouldn 't surprise me . These medieval quacks are more proficient at phrenology than psychopharmacology . I miss your jokes , Walter . And I miss your stories . The one about the woman who took you away with the green and red lights . Dashiell , look at me . This is important . The woman , where exactly did she take you ? I 'm sorry . I don 't know what you 're referring to . You must be mistaking me for someone else . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I want to sit here and finish my butterscotch pudding in peace . You were always trying to solve it , huh ? Yes . I don 't do math anymore , Walter . Mathematical formulations are not conducive to my mental stability . That 's fine , but if you recognize the equation . Do you not remember the woman with the red and green lights where she - I don 't do math anymore ! You used to tell me the story all the time . - No ! - You used to drive me crazy . I don 't do math anymore . I don 't care about math . Dr. Bishop . No , I need to know where she took you , damn it . That 's enough ! It 's time to go . - Where is she ? - I 've got him . Please , Dashiell , it 's only - What do you mean , you sedated him ? Walter is legally in my custody . You have no right to keep him here . Not only do I have every right to hold him , I have a responsibility to hold him . He accosted Mr. Kim . If I release him and something else happens - I can assure you that 's not going to happen . He 's under our supervision . Perhaps that 's what compounded the problem . Meaning what ? I had some time to talk to Dr. Bishop . After he calmed down about his work assisting you , and it is clear that exposing him to the pressures of criminal investigations , while indulging his fantastical pseudo-scientific notions has exacerbated the worst features of his mental illness . - Really ? - Really . 'Cause after some of the things I 've seen in the last three months Walter strikes me as being one of the sanest people I know . Is that so ? I 'm gonna make this really simple , Dr. Sumner . Walter Bishop is assisting us in a criminal investigation which you are currently obstructing . So either you release him into our custody , or I will get a court order . You go get your court order , then . Welcome back , Walter . Where are we on that tip from Rochester ? Local agents are heading to the convenience store where they saw the boy . They 're hoping video surveillance can confirm it really was Ben Stockton . Okay well , have we set up checkpoints ? No , they 're working on it . So far nothing . I have the general counsel 's office on the phone . It 's about Dr. Bishop . This is Agent Dunham . No , I wanted you to work around the protocol . Please , I need your help . I need to get Bishop out . Okay , 7 : 00 AM . - Thank you . - What was that ? Okay we have to wait till morning for the court order to have Walter released . But then he 's out . I promise . And I 'm sorry . And obviously , you were right . No , this was Walter 's choice . Okay . So if you want to go down to reception , someone can arrange a ride and then at least one of us can get some sleep . The woman who abducted Ben ... Joanne Ostler - Up until now everybody thought she was dead right ? Yeah . Well she 's been walking around for the last ten years . She must have been using somebody 's name . We didn 't get any hits on an alias search . What 'd you base the search on ? On the anagrams . Like combinations of different family names . It 's what most people use if they want to change their identity . Thanks , I know that I 've done this once or twice myself . Why doesn 't that surprise me ? The best lie , the one that 's easiest to remember with consistency is the one that 's based on the truth . Whenever I would do this , I would base it on my own last name . Bishop . So Peter King . Peter Knight . Well , that 's a great idea if your last name is as simple as Bishop . What do you do when it 's Ostler ? Is there a computer around here I could use ? This is a serial abductor so she 's smart . She 's probably switched cars since then . I want a record of every stolen car from the last 36 hours . Hey , where does this print ? Thanks . Every gas station from Middletown to Rochester . And pull all the credit card receipts . " Ostler " : Middle English for " Innkeeper . " Hold on . Middle English . The point is " innkeeper " got me to hotels , so I cross-indexed last names that match hotels with her first name . Joanne Ritz . No photo , just a PO Box in Clarksburg . PO Box . Criminals don 't really like people like you knowing where they live . Can you expand the grid search for Ben Stockton to Clarksburg ? What is it , Ben ? What 's wrong ? I - I just - I don 't see it . It 's okay , bean . You 're doing great , honey . I can 't . I don 't know how it ends . Mom . No . Please , I don 't want to go away . Well , that 's up to Ben , isn 't it ? Mom . Stop ! What are you doing to her ? ! If you lose her again , you 'll only have yourself to blame . Mom ! I 'm sorry I upset you last night . Go away . There 's a little boy out there . He 's in trouble . We 're his only hope . I don 't want to talk about math , Walter . Okay . I don 't need to talk about the equation . I need to know about the woman . Where she took you . You 're wrong . There was no woman . Dashiell . If you don 't , the boy ... He 'll end up like us . Walter , please . I can 't ! Yes , you can . It was so beautiful . She promised me things . What I wanted most of all . But when I couldn 't solve the equation ... She took it away . Everything she promised . It was all a lie . None of it was real . She hurt me . She put me in a dungeon . She filled my mind with images of the people I loved ... And then tortured them , ripping them apart ... All the while , trying to suck the answers she wanted out of my head . But I couldn 't - I couldn 't give her what she wanted . Where were you , Dashiell ? I told you a dungeon . No , no , no , no , no . Not some fantasy , you nitwit . Where were you really ? Dungeon ! A dungeon in a red castle ! You listen . You answer me . Don 't you understand ? No , listen . This is the only way we find him . None of it happened . It was just a dream . Just a bad dream . You 're making a terrible mistake . Despite whatever strings you 've managed to pull , your father is not mentally fit to be released from this hospital . Thanks for the advice . My personal assessment is that he 's safer with me than he is with you . He may not be the picture of sanity , but yesterday when I saw him come through that door , I saw him change . He was afraid . So what are you saying ? Are you saying that I somehow managed to intentionally harm him ? Office of Homeland Security . How 'd you pull this off ? Meaning ? Meaning that since you were here last , I learned a little bit about you . Enrolling at MIT , based on fraudulent credentials , starting businesses and failing and then running away from the consequences . Do you have a point ? You are not a fit guardian for Walter and I 'm going to petition the state to have him removed from your custody . Excuse me ? Whether you 're willing to recognize it or not , Walter is a danger - Both to himself and to others . Then I guess the apple doesn 't fall far from the tree . 'Cause you may think you know what he 's capable of , but you have no idea what I 'm capable of . Are you threatening me ? I 'd like to see my father now . Walter ? Are you okay ? I 'd like to go now . Of course , we 're gonna go right now . I 've ... I 've failed . It was all for nothing . Dashiell went on and on like an incoherent loon about being taken to dungeons and red castles . Son . Is that what it 's like to talk to me ? Walter . Let 's go home . Excuse me , ma 'am . I 'm Special Agent Francis with the FBI . I was wondering if you 'd seen this boy . His name 's Ben Stockton . He 's ten years old . No , I 'm sorry . What happened to him ? This is Dunham . Hey , it 's me . I want you to know he 's out . Oh , good ! How 's he doing ? Yeah he 's okay , but I hope you got a lead there because this was a total bust . I 'm sorry . So he wasn 't able to connect with Dashiell ? No , he 's taking it pretty hard . He 's beatin ' himself up pretty good . Did he get anything ? He just said the guy was babbling on , talking about red castles and dungeons . You know he did what he could . I - I 'm just glad he 's okay . Yeah , me too . Okay , if any red castles appear , I 'll let you know . Sure . It 's not a drawbridge , but it 's close . This place looks like it hasn 't been used for a while . It 's Francis . Need you to pull up a property search on an address for me . - Charlie ? - Yeah . I think I found something . Watch yourself . Oh , thank God ! You 're going to be okay . Stop ! Put your hands in the air ! You okay ? She was just there . Nice to be home , right ? This place is filthy . Did you have a party while I was gone ? No , Walter , I did not have a party . I don 't want you to take this the wrong way , but I need space . Sorry to spring this on you so suddenly , but these quarters are very cramped . I think I am ready for my own room . That 's-that 's not a problem . I can talk to Olivia tomorrow about getting you some on-campus housing . That would be very beneficial . You know what you did by going back into that place was very , very brave , Walter . Thank you , son . Got it . Now let 's see if it really does what you said it would . Where 's the equation ? Seems crazy that some numbers can make a machine like this work . Look around your house , your office , your kitchen - Numbers make everything work . Here we go . It worked . That 's incredible . It worked . Ben , are you hungry ? 'Cause there 's a vending machine in the hall and I 've got a roll of quarters . No , I 'm okay . Thanks . - Sure ? - Hmm . - Ben ? - Dad ? - Ben ? - Dad ! Release forms . As soon as he signs , they 're free to go . Yeah , oh-we should maybe just , uh , Let them have a minute . I really need to call Peter and Walter . After what Walter went through , he 'll be happy to know that Ben 's all right . Good work .
