 From the very beginning , we have wondered how life began , what our purpose is and where we are headed . We have struggled to understand time , matter , the infinite universe , who we are and if we are alone . Great minds have imagined the most wonderful and the most terrifying answers to these questions . We invite you to join us on this great expedition . Stitch ! Stitch ! Don 't move ! I said don 't move ! - Put down your weapon ! - Lay down your gun ! - I said put it down ! - I 'll fill you with bullets , you dog ! - I don 't speak iraqi , towelhead ! - Do as I say you murderer ! - Drop it ! - I don 't understand ! - Put it down ! - I don 't understand ! I need to get to my friend . My friend ! I don 't want to shoot you , okay ? I don 't want to shoot you either . You understand me ? Yes . You understand ? Yes . What 's going on ? What 's going on ? I don 't know . Whatever that thing is , the Colonel needs to see it ... posthaste . Where was he ? Thrown about 60 feet from the wreck , sir . - Found him unconscious . - And his partner ? Can you tell me what happened , Captain ? They 've been like that since we found ' em , sir . Take ' em both back to H.Q. and wait for further orders . Sir . The impulse towards violence may be hardwired into our genes , but so is the dream that someday we might rise above it . And there was no sign of another craft from the wreckage ? No , sir . Then where the hell did it come from ? We 're looking into that , General . And exactly what am I looking at ? We 're looking into that , too , sir . This is a karyotype of a normal human , showing the 23 pairs of chromosomes we all have . Now we took scrapings from what appears to be the exoskeleton , and despite its appearance , it is biologically identical to humans ... except for one difference . The 23rd pair of chromosomes is missing . Please explain , Captain . It appears to have no gender , sir - no sex . Well , how is that possible ? Well , any one of a number of gender mutations is possible in nature , but to have no 23rd chromosome - I 've never seen that . I doubt anyone has . Captain , has , um , has it moved yet ? No , sir . So do we even know if it 's dead or alive ? It 's not dead , Mr. President . Though it 's cold to the touch , we 've detected a pulse . Then , uh , what is this thing ? By strict definition , it 's humanoid . - " Humanoid " ? - Yes , sir . Well , where do humanoids come from , Captain ? Are you going to use the " a " word ? It does pose the puzzling question of how this thing buzzed one of our choppers at 400 feet . I know what it did , Captain . I 'm asking you where you think it came from . Not from this neighborhood , sir . Captain , isn 't that , um , well , a little premature ? I want to make it clear - we ran a large battery of tests on the cell samples we took . This did not react anything like any known biological organism . It wouldn 't burn . We even tried irradiating it with PU-239 - weapons-grade plutonium . It denatured the isotope . " Denatured " ? It made the plutonium inert . Whatever this is , it seems impervious to most things of this world . I can 't explain that . Oh , and , uh ... it glows in the dark . Get me Skynner . Major Skynner has retired , sir . We don 't even know where he is . Well , then you find him , and you unretire him . Yes , sir . I 'm not interested . Excuse me ? I said , I 'm not interested . You don 't even know who I am . I don 't need to . Those shoes aren 't flip-flops or sneakers , so you sure as hell aren 't from around here . Ergo , I 'm not interested . Well , sir , you certainly live up to your reputation . What reputation is that , Lieutenant ? Your formidable deductive reasoning . How did you know I was a Lieutenant ? They wouldn 't insult me sending anyone ranking less , and anyone ranking higher would 've thought it was beneath him ... or her , as the case may be , and I haven 't been called " sir " in two years . I said I wasn 't interested . They were insistent that I seek you out and show you this , sir . Why ? What 'd they find , a weather balloon or some fairy lights stuck in a tree ? If you could rate the significance of that on a scale of one to ten , - how would you - - Ten , sir . - Ten being ... - Little green men . It 's always interesting what books a person is drawn to in a collection . Of all the Lieutenants they could have sent , why did they send you ? I was selected by the N.A.S.A. program to join this inquiry , sir . So ... you 're an astrophysicist ? Amongst other things . I also work for S.E.T.I. Ah . You 're a believer . I think that it 's narrow-minded to discount the possibility of life outside of this solar system , yes ... sir . So you 've decided . It 's hard to ignore the laws of probability . Well , except with no evidence , all you 're left with is your faith in the idea . " Men are probably nearer the central truth in their superstitions than in their science . " Thoreau . But when superstitions become convictions , that only leads to fanaticism . And when governments surround a subject with such secrecy - You know , the one critical piece of logic that U.F.O. conspiracy freaks the world over always neglect to consider ? Man 's propensity to make enemies . Sir ? If we really knew there were aliens out there , we wouldn 't be keeping it a secret . We 'd be turning ' em into an enemy and going to war with ' em . The Pentagon would like nothing better than to have a whole new frontier to battle with . I 've come to dread the day they find something . That was my job , Lieutenant - to find something . I 'm glad I never did . Really ? So you think that there 's an explanation or all of this ? There always is . They said that you 'd say that , sir . May I ? Log these notes , please . Yes , sir . How long has she been like this ? They found her about six hours ago . - Hmm . And the others ? - 36 hours . And nobody 's gotten a word out of any of them ? That 's right , sir . - Major . Lieutenant . - Just call me Bert , will ya ? Yes , sir . I thought you might want to see the patients first . They 're in what 's called a waking coma - nonreactive reflexology with arresting tremor common for people suffering - - Posttraumatic stress disorder . Well , that 's the odd thing . Their E.C.G. and E.E.G. Results suggest the opposite - an extreme state of relaxation . They 're not traumatized . They 're extremely calm . It 's like they 're being held in a state of bliss . Held by what ? I 'd love to show you . Have you run an M.R.I. ? Both C.T. and M.R.I. yielded no results . You mean inconclusive results . I mean no results . It gave off no image . Its cocoon somehow protects it from any magnetic field or x-rays . - Albert . - Walt . Strange , isn 't it ? You spend your whole career searching for something , and it winds up running smack into one of your choppers . Except for the fact that you spent my whole career looking for something , I 'd agree . It 's strange . So what do you think ? I 'm thinking it 's a damn good hoax . - Oh , come on , Bert . - I 'm thinking , where 's its craft ? Why Iraq ? Why now ? We 're much more interested in what now . Well , if you think you know what you got here , General , - what did you bring me for ? - I 'm not pretending to know what it is , Major . We just need to assess its threat . So far , it 's put three people in a coma , and it hasn 't even woken up yet . For all intents and purposes , General , they are not in comas , and they are in no immediate danger , sir . Let 's just say I need a bit more convincing before I let it shake hands with the President , Lieutenant . I 'd be careful there . Don 't get too close to its eyes . We believe this is how it stunned them . I have a theory about skeptics - Deep down inside , they 're bigger believers than the rest of us . They 're just too scared to admit it . Scared of what ? Of what it would mean to believe . A few years ago at a family picnic , my wife fell over and couldn 't get back up . So I took her to the hospital , and I found out she had the beginning of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease ... Uh , an extremely rare disease of the brain where some foreign protein gets into your body , and it screws up all your proteins . And she caught it from a piece of contaminated dental equipment when she was in for her regular checkup . How 's that for random ? A microscopic spec on a piece of metal gave my wife dementia . So you 're right . I ... would be scared to believe there was any greater meaning in that . But something 's keeping you here . What do you see ? It 's communicating . They 're writing the same repeated message in their own language . " Hear this , you foolish and senseless people . " What does that mean , Major ? Hear what ? We have cryptologists combing through it , sir , but - What do you think , Bert ? What does it want ? I don 't even know what it is , let alone what it wants . " Hear this , you foolish and senseless people " doesn 't sound like " Glad to meet you . " Do you ever sleep ? ... reports worldwide a bizarre phenomena in the skies - Thousands of sightings of unidentified objects dropping from out of the clouds are rushing in from around the world , including sightings in Israel , Lebanon , Taiwan , Kashmir , Ireland and Russia . The soldiers were fighting . There was gunfire , and then this thing fell from the heavens there . There was a flash , and I covered my eyes . When I opened them , everyone was on the ground unconscious . U.S. authorities have made no comment so far about the nature of the objects ... - When did this start ? - Or where they are from . Secretary George Wallace ... - Skynner ? - Head of the national disaster agency , has issued a public appeal to stay clear of the fallen objects until more is known about the phenomena ... The last thing my wife ever said to me made no sense . I thought it was her dementia , neurons misfiring . But ... she set right up in the bed , and she looked like she knew what she was talking about . And she said , " They are watching . " This is what they 've been writing for hours . " We are watching . " What do you think they want ? You 're asking me ? I ... I 'm fresh out of explanations . Not everything has an explanation . I wasn 't brought here to have some ... personal experience . But you 're having one . I think our job as scientists is to stay open to all possibilities . Isn 't it ? I don 't know what they want , but I 'm keeping my eyes open . Get Skynner . Hear us , you foolish and senseless people ... who have eyes but do not see , who have ears but do not hear . You must listen to him . Seek peace and pursue it . Nation shall not lift up sword against nation . Neither shall they learn war anymore . Hear this , you foolish and senseless people who have eyes but cannot see ... who have ears but cannot hear . You must listen to him . Seek peace and pursue it . Nation shall not lift up sword against nation . Neither shall they learn war anymore . That , uh , that last line - I 've heard it somewhere . Isaiah , chapter 2 , verse 4 . The Bible . It 's a mishmash of quotes from the Koran , the Torah , the gospels of Bhagavad-gita - all the major religious works , from what we can tell . You 're saying this is a message from God ? It 's for you all to draw your own conclusions . I 'm ... only relaying the message . What does that make you , Major - Moses with the Tablets ? Maybe we should look at it this way - that the creatures are using our beliefs to communicate with us . They 're giving us back our own words , so to speak . The question is , " Our words or God 's ? " Well , sir , that 's a matter of personal belief . The quotation does seem to send a message that transcends all creeds . These other ones that have fallen on the Earth - What do we know of them ? Well , they seem to be landing in clusters . We have reports that they appear to be physically identical and use the same tactics to stun people . As far as we know , all the coma subjects around the world gave the same message at exactly the same time . What are you saying , Bert ? What can we interpret from this ? Their last quote sums up their intentions , I think , rather unequivocally - " He can destroy you if he wills " and bring into being a new creation . That is no difficult thing for him . " Regardless of who or what sent this message , if we ignore it , I think we can safely assume what the threat is . Are you seriously suggesting that - that the world disarm itself ? We are saying that they are suggesting it , sir . - Mr. President , may I ? - Certainly . How do we know this isn 't a ploy to lay down our weapons before these things attack ? Forget interpreting their words . Let 's look at their actions . They have invaded us . There are now thousands all over the world . We have a country on amber alert , and you 're asking us to hand them the keys . Maybe God is askg us to set things straight . Maybe he 's asking us to set aside our differences . Or maybe we 're being duped by a civilization of extraterrestrials . And what are you suggesting , General ? I 'm suggesting we prepare to defend ourselves . Against what , exactly ? Why are we assuming that these things are laying dormant and not lying in wait ? Their message is anything but peaceful . Major Skynner , wouldn 't you agree ? Major ? I 'd have to agree . Well , then this may be your first war , General , where you can be certain God is not on your side . Um , excuse me , sirs . You all need to see this . What you 're watching is live over Washington . Eyewitnesses say the lights you can see appear from out of nowhere . It is unclear what they 're made of or what is causing them . This phenomenon is apparently occurring over major cities around the world . It 's confirmed , sir . They 're over all our major cities , every city in the world . All TV broadcasts have been interrupted . We 're scrambling aircraft now to gather telemetry . - Go to maximum force readiness . - Yes , sir . Patch in all nations with nuclear capabilities . Mr. President , you 're jumping to conclusions , sir . Wait a second . Are you dismissing us ? Sir ! Sir , you 're making a mistake . - Lieutenant . - Yes , sir . Where 's home for you ? Ohio . You okay ? You know , when I was a little kid ... My dad used to describe God , and it was ... so beautiful . Maybe God looks better from a distance . I 'm just not ready for this . I think we all feel that way right now . I 'm sorry if you think I let you down . I think you let yourself down . I think you buried your hope with your wife . It 's-it 's not that I didn 't want to believe . Where are you going ? Skynner ! Okay . They 're shutting down all our warheads , sir . What are you talking about ? Somehow , they 're disarming our bombs systematically . - Systematically ? - State by state , sir . At the rate they 're going , we have one hour maximum before all our warheads are down . The Presidents of Russia and China are dialed in , sirs . We 've all received the same threat , and we all face the same dilemma of losing our defense systems . According to our calculations , we have less than 40 minutes to act before all warheads are decommissioned worldwide . Considering this diminishing window of opportunity , I propose a temporary suspension of the guidelines to all relevant international treaties so that we may act swiftly and without encumbrance . Mr. President , please forgive my interruption . By " act swiftly , " what do you mean ? I mean to - to mount an offensive against these invaders while we still can . You mean to attack ? Yeah . Then we respectfully disagree with such a move . " We " ? Russia , China , Pakistan and North Korea feel the best action would be to comply with the demands . We are asking the United States and her allies to join us in a coordinated , multiphased decommissioning of all primary weapons of mass destruction . This should send a clear message that we are cooperating with their demands . Disarmament would leave all of us wide open to attack from these invaders ... or anyone . What do you hope to gain ? There is nothing to gain , but a lot to lose if we do not comply with their demands . Demands that are unreasonable . And does God have to be reasonable ? God or no God , we feel we are left with no other choice . We have the choice to defend . You mean to attack . They 're immobilizing our weapons . This is an invasion , sir . Mr. President , we don 't even know what these things are made of . How do you wage an attack against the unknown ? How do we know what reaction we may provoke ? So France also would deny our right to - to protect ourselves from these invaders ? The way to protect yourself and the world would be to cooperate , to disarm . And if we don 't comply ? We could only view your nation as a threat to the world 's safety . " Threat " ? What are you saying ? If the United States fails to comply , we will regretfully have no recourse but to take actions . " Actions " ? To destroy your weapons . President Jing , consider the gravity of what you are saying . You are threatening first strike on America . We 're being threatened with annihilation . Either you lay down your arms with the rest of us , or we will do it for you . We have ten minutes maximum before all our weapons go down . It will take at least three minutes from the time you give your command to the time we launch , sir . We need to commit . Mr. President , we are quickly running out of time . We need to make a gesture of compliance . You are leaving me with no choice but to give the command to launch on your country . President Jing , all of you , I have a duty to my people to protect them . I cannot in good conscience do nothing . I beg you , reconsider your convictions . I beg you to do the same . You are putting the whole world in jeopardy . Demanding compliance through force is not diplomacy . Yet the United States ... has demanded the compliance of many countries through force and called it diplomacy . Are you trying to provoke a retaliation ? Of course not . If they launch , can we intercept ? Yes , sir , but we 're limited to the warheads left . There is also the issue of fallout , sir . If we move now , we still have the capacity to knock out China and the invaders . You want to fight a war on two fronts ? Mr. President , if we 're going to commit , we need to commit entirely . General , I 'm weighing certain destruction against potential destruction . Respectfully , sir , do you want to be remembered as the President who sat back and did nothing ? We 've got five minutes , sir . I 'm asking all of you for ... for some solidarity . - So are we . - Please ! Is there nothing I can say ? Are there no words ? Alert all control systems to await my command . Yes , sir . I 'm giving the order to launch . President Jing , please ! You have brought this upon yourself . No ! Skynner ! Skynner ! No ! Oh , Bertie . Come to me . Margaret ? Wonderful ... Oh , my darling . Darling ? I can 't hear you . Skynner ! Skynner ! Skynner ! Skynner ! Skynner ! It 's ... beautiful , Bertie . They 're showing it all to me - everything ... the universe . Listen . Can you hear ? That 's its sound . One day , you 'll hear it . One day , they 'll all hear it . They 're listening . They 're watching . Skynner , wake up . Skynner ! Skynner ! I hear it . I hear it . Mr. President ? Okay , I 'll speak the truth . I don 't trust you . I don 't trust your countries . I don 't understand your cultures . I 'm afraid of you . That 's why we build the bombs . Right now , you 're proving that all my fears are - are well-founded . I tell myself I should have no ... no prejudices , but I do . We all do . We are no different from you . Let them hear it . Let-let them all hear it . We 're all the same . We 're all the same ! Everything is ... connected . Everything is ... connected . We all want the same things , and we 're all afraid of losing them . That 's become our commonality - fear . We imagine fearsome Gods , and we build fearsome weapons . We 're lost to fear . - We must ... - Stop . Stop . The fear must ... must stop . Stop the countdown . I give the order to stand down . Is anyone listening ? We 're all listening . What was that ? He said , we 're all listening . I can understand you ! I understand you all . How is this possible ? Oh , my god . We 've been given a choice today - A choice to listen to each other and hear the heart of humanity ... A choice to change things by ourselves , for ourselves , in the knowledge that we are not alone . Do you think it 'll last ? We can live in hope .
