 Font color = " # 4096d1 " ± ¾ × öä " ½ ö ¹ © ñ § ï ° ½ " á ÷ ³ ¬ ñï ½ ûóãóúéìòµóãí ¾ ( Stephen hawking ) from the very beginning , We have wondered how life began , What our purpose is and where we are headed . We have struggled to understand time , Matter , the infinite universe , Who we are and if we are alone . Great minds have imagined the most wonderful And the most terrifying answers To these questions . We invite you to join us on this great expedition . - = Ææàãðü × öä " × é = - Ê ± ¾ äöá ³ º ° × " ­ óîïà êø " ¤ ììê ¹ As we seek to improve and refine ourselves , To elevate humankind to its consummate form , What will become of those who are less than perfect ? ( Thud ) you can 't go out . It 's the first hand . ( Man ) i fold . ( Woman ) you are so full of it . ( Man ) do it , sharon . He 's lyin ' . ( Grunts ) ( man ) play the game . ( Sharon ) i call . ( Man ) read ' em and weep- - Four kings . ( Grunts ) ( Sharon ) amn . ( Man ) i told you . Ohh ! You didn 't have to lien . ( Sharon ) shuffle the cards . ( Man ) i can 't take anymore . All right ! Who the hell 's gonna clean this garbage up And blow it outta here ? Okay , okay . Volunteers ? All right , you- - You , you and you . Yeah , that 's right , the dullard sisters . Get over there . Cleanup on aisle 13 . Come on , move ! Seriously , i had one of the very first geno-Pets . They hadn 't worked out all of the bugs , So it shifted species depending on my mood , but ... it was a really good companion . ( Woman grunts ) i named her dolly , After that sheep with the big hooters . I miss that cat--That dog- - That thing . You know what i miss ? A healthy bowel movement- - A real big , round cookie , baby- - One that only happens when you 've been eatin ' real food . ( Woman ) do you remember real food ? Not really . One , two , three ! ( Man ) oh ! ( Mechanical grinding ) ( Man ) so long , riila . Hmm . Mango . Very piquant . Aah ! Ooh ! Easy . Thank you . I am ... i am extremely whipped . Riila never manifested herself for the k.P. Shift . Odious though it may be , i worked both . Do i make myself pellucid ? Eight detestable hours . I may have to kill that woman . You 're too late . Riila ? I was perturbed she didn 't wish to do her garbage shift . Would you kindly be quiet ? Now it seems she is the garbage shift . Fortuitous i didn 't knock over the plant . Well , if you had , there 'd have been Two all-Meat pizzas floating ' out there . As i 've always said , bedzyk , you 're a kindly , thoughtful man . Just passin ' the time Till it 's my turn to go out the garbage port . I am samswope ! No , u loathsome creature , i am samswope ! Come on , bedzyk , it 's not that bad . At the very least , we are still alive . We 'll find a landfall . We will ... all in the fullness of time . Ah , come on , sam . Been to all six terraformed sites in the system , Some of them more than once . It 's always the same- - " Keep moving , scum . Hit the road . Get lost , and take this piece of junk with you . " If we had any sense , We 'd fly this garbage scow right into the sun- - And better still , crash it right up there . Ah , yes- - Into the bosom of our succoring mother earth ... up there , down there . Wherever . Adieu and bide thee well , dear , sweet riila . What is she , the third this month ? The fourth ? Sixth . So we 're down to what , 96 ? 93 . Two-Thirds of our original little party Of discarded freaks , dead and gone . It 's tragic , just tragic . We 've been orbiting too long . Huh . What are you going to do ? What am i gonna do ? In spite of your surly , one might even venture taciturn , Nature , mon ami , you remain an imposing And , whether you like it or nay , A de facto executive figure aboard this enchanted scow , The mutant horrors of which Hold you in the very highest esteem . And i suspect , beneath your snarls , You actually care what happens to them . I 'm just a passenger , pal- - Just another steerage - Class passenger , And i got my ticket to prove it . I ... i want to go home . Yeah , me , too . I wanna go home . I-I wanna go home . Off you go , then . Ah , bedzyk , exit the mere passenger , Replaced by the sublime poet-Philosopher . Oh , that 's why everyone looks to you , you know . Apathy prevails here on the good ship " gulag , " A.K.A. " The riggum express . " But you 're the one Who gets up and does something- - If not every time , At least with sufficient frequency That your nobility rises like the rose mountains of mars Above the apathy . Everything i do , you could do . ( Laughs ) you jest , sir . You jape . You jive . I laugh at your jackanapery , squire . No , really , you could run this place , sam . You got two hes . Do you in fact know- - Toeer away from the previous bull-Pucky- - Why we call the sickness that condemned us To this floating prison- - What we affectionately refer to as " the blood poop " - - Do you know why we call it " riggum , " As previous generations called theirs " the pox " Or " yellow fever " or " a.I.D.S. " ? I--I 'm sorry , sam . I gotta get some fresh air . Yes , well , we could all use some fresh air . I wanna go home . I wanna go home ... Ah , smiler , my old friend . I wanna go home . Home . Home . I wanna go home . Do you know the etymological basis Of the nom de blood poop " riggum " For our communal sickness ? Well , it began As transmutational blood poisoning- - Wildly stupid and inaccurate term , Just as chronic fatigue syndrome was epstein-Barr , Or mono- - Listen , i gotta go . No , no , no . ( Chuckles ) Then--Then they abbreviated it to t.B.P. , Whence came " tepee . " But native americans decried that as racist , So they started calling it " blood mutation " Or " blood poop " - - Utterly disgusting redneck term . And finally , after a million people had it , They took it seriously , Particularly when the president of uruguay Grew 11 extra noses on the back of each hand , And they called that- - Ta-Da ! The birth of the blues ! ( Laughs ) i 'm only kidding . They called the sickness what it really is ... ( whimpering ) Random idiopathic genomic mutation- - The acronym--R.I.G.M. , or " riggum . " Now wasn 't that an informative interlude ? Philistines . I am festooned with philistines . I was just telling sharon here how much i miss whisper chips . Really ? You remember , don 't ya ? Opening the bag without a sound , The feel of that first little crisp chip , Jumped right out of the bag , And you caught it on your tongue , And then the funny little hiss when you bit down . Of course , i remember when chips made a crunch And pissed off everyone around you . Yeah . Barbaric . Exactly . Excuse me . I never tasted any kind of chip at all . Oh , darlin ' , the things you 've missed- - The popcorn , the beer-Battered flurge , Sonic potatoes ! Ooh . Hi , bedzyk . Lookin ' good , sis . Now that , my friend , is an eye . Some hell of an eye , let me tell you ! Yeah , that is an eye only to die for . You could plotz from an eye like that . Ah , the tuchis is not easily dismissed either . What do you mean , the tuchis ? What are you , a pervert ? / Yeah ? Bedzyk , that you ? No , it 's somebody else . Come on , will you stop crankin' me ? Is that you , bedzyk ? Harmony , this is bedzyk . What ? We got a ship comin ' in , dead-On trajectory from earth . Yeah , so ? So i checked the ephemeris and the new e.T.A. Readout , And there 's nothing supposed to be there . All right . So our loving friends and neighbors Have sent us an unscheduled load of toilet paper . Why bother me with it ? I 'm a tourist here myself . Come on , bedzyk . They 'll dock in eight hours . What the hell do you want me to do ? Well , call me in eight and a half hours If you 're desperate for my company . ( Intercom chimes ) ( Grunts ) i 'm gonna turn on the light . What are you doing ? I want to turn up the light . Don 't . Don 't . You know i don 't like that . ( Grunts ) How long have you been here on the gulag , annie ? You know . I can 't remember anything . Time just runs together out here . Come on , how many years has it been ? 14 . I was 16 when they crashed the " coventry " on callisto And took me to the settlement . You were a kid . How long were you on the " coventry " ? I was , uh ... 22 , i think , When i was discarded , So that 'd be five or six , something like that . Do you ever wonder why you were discarded , annie ? Yeah . Ohh . Yeah , i do , but it 's that thing about malthus . At least , that 's how they always explained it to me- - Too many people on earth , no place to stand , The sheep look up . Yeah , that 's what they always say- - " It 's too crowded . Somebody 's gotta go . Why not send the infected ones ? " I don 't buy it . So what is it then , hmm ? Hmm ? You ever hear of father damien ? No . Who is he ? He was a priest . He worked with lepers . See , they used to send people with leprosy to this island To die , okay ? Like they shipped us up here , to the gulag . Where are you going with this , hmm ? The real reason they sent us out here , annie , Is because they can 't stand to look at us . It 's the ugliness that scares the hell out of ' em , Not the infection . We 're just like those lepers . You read too much . Listen , love , i 'm no fan of our neighbors from earth , But i don 't think even they could be that cruel to ... no . To exile us with no landfall ever , Just because we repulse them . Out of sight , out of mind . And there 's a big ship coming in . Oh , yes . Maybe it 's good news . ( Laughs ) oh , good news ! Yeah , good news is comin ' . ( Laughs ) yeah , next week . Mmm . Let me turn up the lights . No , don 't . Annie , i like to look at you . No . It 's not--No . I ... it 's me , this ridiculous arm . It 's not you , bedzyk . You are lovely . ( Laughs ) yeah , i 'm gorgeous . Really . I love looking at you . I just ... i just have ... baggage . Please Annie , all over the system , People make love to each other with the lights on Because they like to look at each other . I 'll tell you what- - I--I 'll give you $ 2 in small change If just once ... we could pretend we 're normal . Did you just say " normal " ? Bedzyk ? ( Chimes ) yes ? It 's harmony teat . That ship is docking right now . What should i do ? Why don 't you take that ship and- - Shh . Has it been eight hours already , harmony ? Six , ship time . I didn 't figure it so good . Sorry , boss . Have they declared themselves ? Get that ham-Fisted jackhammer you call an arm And your fat ass over to control now ! It 's an emissary yacht from earth central . What 's going on ? Ephemeris time 0-0-0 , And he 's sweet . ( Smiler ) nice . Very , very nice . Nice . Coupled and locked in . Bam ! Did i do a job , or did i do a job ? I 'm one hell of a navigator . Did they hail us ? Not yet . Guess we 're being thrown out of here . You think ? Yeah , probably . All right , let 's hail them . Attention , earth vessel . Attention , earth vessel , do you read me ? What are they , deaf ? Could be . Attention , earth vessel . Listen , guys , save yourself the effort , okay ? We are leaving earth space . ( Static ) What is this ? Maybe they 're all dead and purple and full of maggots In there , you know ? Tongues hangin ' out , guts spilling ' out of their noses , Eyeballs all ... ( samswope ) one can only hope . I don 't get it . They 're here . We know they 're here . Why won 't they talk to us ? ( Crash ) they 've undogged their debarkation port And cycled ours . They 're boarding us . Home . Home . W-W-We 're going home . All right , open it . Hello . I was sent from earth central To make you a really terrific offer . My name 's curran , and you must be the captain . I wanna go home ! Home ! What year is it on earth ? ( Samswope ) quiet ! ( Clang ) all right , listen up ! Now you all wanted to go to the terraforms . Have we been to the terraforms ? ( All ) yes ! You wanted to go to europa . Have we been to europa ? ( All ) yes ! Have we been to mercury ? ( All ) yes ! Have we been to venus , callisto , ganymede ... ( all ) yes ! Yes ! Twice- - Twice we went to ganymede . All right , then back off ! ( Grunts ) Back off . Let me talk to this guy . I 'll tell you everything in five minutes . Oh , yes , my captain . Come on . We can talk in the cathedral . ( Samswope ) the cathedral . Drop to your knees and pray . Reminds me of the rain forests my grandparents spoke of . Plants are life- - The very air we breathe . That 's ' cause you bastards never sent us new scrubbers , And the original crap they put on this garbage scow Broke down years ago . Harmony , make sure we 're left alone , huh ? All right , speak your piece ... shove off . Stop sucking ' up our air . I 've been invested with the most important mission People of your home planet have ever mounted . I represent evy member Of the sanhedrin of earth central . Yes , how profoundly moving . And your name is curran ? You can call me barney . Well , mr . Curran , or ambassador curran , Or plenipotentiary high-Mucketty-Doodle curran , We perceive your vast importance . Now just get on with it . ( Gurgles ) Captain , could you introduce me to your associates ? ( Bedzyk ) okay , sam . Well , uh , this is harmony at . I ... uh , we are samswope , the captain 's right arm . I am samswope . Let me see if i can guess , mr . Sanhedrin earth neighbor . You want us to move our little load of misfits Off orbit l-5 , or we 'll blast your asses away . Oh , no . N-No , it 's not that at all . And in fact , i don 't think that any of us down there Haven idea of how hard it 's been for you people . Without the lubricant , huh ? Just spit it out . Bedzyk , let him talk . You were the control that skimmed us in . Lovely job--Like a ballet . Hey , curran--Riggum . Beg your pardon ? R.I.G.M. R ... i ... G ... m . He blood poop . Random idiopathic genomic mutation . " The sickness . " The gift that keeps on giving- - Like another head . Do you think that earth central hates you , That we don 't feel you pain ? God , it 's been 37 years . You--You have to believe that we feel the guilt And torment of what the former generation did to you . Oh , that 's why you never send get-Well packages Or toilet paper ? Mr. Bedzyk and i need to tell our happy little band Why you 're here , sheriff . So go ahead . Uh , by the way , i notice that you 're A healthy , arrow-Slim normal lad . Did they pick you preferentially , To give us a little tweak of the antennae ? Ah . ( Harmony teat ) oh , god . You 're one of us . The runnies . That 's how darting priest went . Remember , bedzyk ? And gary what 's-His-Name , The one that drank the can of lye . They sent you to be a passenger . What 'd you do , steal the yacht ? It 's getting worse ... much worse- - The sickness--Riggum . But why 'd you come to us- - What , to tell us we were gonna have to double-Bunk ? Th 're gonna send a--A couple of hundred more discards Up here to our floating swamp ? If it were that , we wouldn 't send hundreds . We 'd send hundreds of thousands . It 's spreading--Changing us like a tidal wave every day . There is no day here- - Also no night . Every day is every day . Sam , let him tell it . After the first wave of discards ... After all of you ... left , It spread from continent to continent . We don 't know how . We didn 't kn the- - The vector of contamination- - If it was fleas , ticks , Animals , people . We didn 't know . But there was a spray- - Um , germicide or pheromonic , i don 't know . I 'm not a biologist . But the sanhedrin Sprayed the entire planet , and it worked- - For about 11 years . And then the sickness mutated around it- - Got stronger , smarter . Damn riggum . Got even tougher . The rigmarole . Something in the spray itself activated a trigger In the nucleus of the plague virus . Everyone was hit . There 's no chance to isolate it or for quarantine . ( Chuckles ) so what , we 're the ones who got off easy ? Is that--Is that what you came to tell us ? ( Laughs ) that is a bit rich . It got so bad , people evacuated the cities , Started living in sterile shelters And domes underground . We thought it was all over . And then a doctor , A hungarian , came up with a serum . Do you hear what he 's saying ? Don 't you get it yet ? A cure . The only thing that stops it from sprding . It 's a--It 's a serum Synthesized from prepandemic enzymes That are only found in blood , in ... in the blood of ... of discards . Of us ! ( All laughing ) Are you kiddin ' me ? You want our blood ! Here i thought i 'd lost my faith in the wickedness of mankind . Y-Y-You want us to save you ? Hey , barney- - Y , you got a world Full of freaks up there , huh ? Why don 't you use them ? Better yet , Why don 't you pop into one of your own puky veins ? Hey , you could save the whole world yourself . We 're no good . The sickness changed us . Our blood doesn 't secrete the same enzymes . Well , then you and the world have crapped out , Because i wouldn 't take a whiz on you If there were flames shooting out of your eyeballs . If you 'd listen to my proposal , I think you might well reconsider . It could change the lives of everyone aboard this vessel- - Oh , sure it will . If you would just listen- - I 'm not gonna listen to you . You got nothing i want to listen to . No ! Comin ' home ! Comin ' home ! Baby jesus--Jesus loves me ! ( Bedzyk ) grab him ! Hallelujah , jesus ! Hallelujah ! I 'm goin ' home ! Smiler , no ! I cannot wait ! I 'm goin ' home ! I 'm goin ' home , baby jesus ! Aah ! You want to talk to the captain ? Well , talk to her . You know how to use this thing ? Yeah , harmony taught me . What happened ? Smiler lost it- - Tried to bring us down . Tried to kill the cathedral- - Merely succeeded in killing harmony teat . ( Man ) well , where is he ? Chucho red 's got him locked up in the lazarette . Well , you 're still here ? It 's important that i finish what i was going to say . Well , if it 's important , you 'd better finish . You all need to know that we care . What happened to you is happening to us , only faster . We 've watched people change right before our eyes . No family is untouched . My wife ... on behalf of terran central , if you agree to help us , We 're prepared to let your ship land And house all of you on earth . ( All murmuring ) You 'll bhome again . You 'll--You 'll breathe real air , Feel real land . What happens if we decide not to give you our blood ? Yeah , that 's right . He wants our blood . You 'll come out here and take it anyway , won 't you ? No , of course not . No , we 'll send an emissary To another ship , but i hope that won 't be necessary . What do you think , we 're a bunch of idiots ? You won 't give us anything . Yes , we will . I swear . Oh , god , you 're a liar , curran . You 're an errand boy wearing a sailor suit . You 're their lapdog with a bad case of the mange . You 'll say whatever takes . Please . I suspect that i 'm not isolated In my naked , desperate , pain-Filled need To return to the planet of my youth . This isn 't home , bedzyk . We want to go back to earth . All of us- - We want to go back home ! There is no earth ! Not for us . Not now , not ever . It 's what these people do , sam . They lie to get what they want . How could it possibly be to our detriment , old friend ? He said we could go back home ! And he 's lying ! Let him screw around with somebody else 's ship--Not mine ! " Mine " ? Get out of the way . I 'm gonna throw this lying pissant off the ship . No ! They are not gonna let us get any closer to earth ! Can 't you pathetic freaks ever realize that ? You must disabuse yourself of this paranoia , this hatred . Simply put , they want what it is that only we can provide . We need what they have- - Our home ! Home ? Are you really that stupid ? You are as close to a friend as anyone i 've known , And whether you like it or not , I consider you to be an equal . I don 't mind if you think i 'm a fool , But don 't ever talk to me as if you think i 'm one . Oh , come on , sam . You 're smarter than this . They 're nothing but a bunch of backstabbing , arrogant liars . Cease and desist . Your authority has been superseded , And you have been supplanted . Yes ! Oh . ( Chuckles ) so now we 're a democracy , eh ? Yesterday , it was " aye , aye , captain . " Today " you 're superseded . " As distressing as it may seem , yes . How about you , annie ? Where do you stand ? I 'm sorry , bedzyk . Look , you 're so angry , You 're not seeing any of this clearly . I see it real clear . You people ... anytime anything ever went wrong , You came runnin ' for me , didn 't you , huh ? Something had to be done , some decision had to be made- - " Where 's bedzyk ? Go get bedzyk . Get bedzyk . " And this--This- - This earth scum shows up with the runnies . He holds up this bright and shiny new lie , And you all sit up and wag your tails . It is not my most fervent wish To expire on this galactic latrine . Lien to me . We will take care of all of you . We have huge plots of land in south america- - Rugged land , i 'll admit- - But there 's plenty of room For all of you . Don 't listen to him ! Never trust an earthman . Never ! Bedzyk , shut up ! Annie ? It 's what we all want , bedzyk . Get off my ship ! Bedzyk , stop ! Sam ... ( bedzyk ) annie ... now you 've done it . Get your medical teams up here and start with the bloods . We wish to go home , ambassador curran . We wish to go home now . Ah ! Once again , The manifestation of the venerable , Idiom-Precise dr . Janet goldstein , Savior of our misbegotten compatriots Both here and on earth . ( Chuckles ) samswope . It 's good to see you . Your work here approaches a denouement . We finally hit our quota today . The rescue vessel is on the way . I wonder who 's more excited- - Your people or mine ? What ? Oh , i admit , before this operation commenced , I felt a flourish of cynicism- - A touch of the old vampire , don 't ya know ? ( Chuckles ) you 've done well , samswope . You 've saved the world , And you 've saved your people . We couldn 't have done this without you , And no one 's ever gonna forget that . Well , shucks , doc . I 'll be superamalgamated . ( Laughs ) are you ready to give one last time ? Old girlfriend ? Could we just finish this ? Aah ! Samswope . Samswope I have an update on the rescue vessel- - E.T.A. Six hours . Thank you , annie . Roger that . You don 't seem particularly excited . Ah , but i am . Six hours ... there 's more than enough time . Uh ... barely enough to master All thoutlandish permutations Of this connubiation custom . Steve 's wedding ? But of course , my darling . This is a first , isn 't it ? Truly . Never happened when bedzyk was running things . Then again , we didn 't have much to celebrate . What ? It was not my intention ... i didn 't mean to kill him , frenchy . I swear to god . He was going to ruin everything . You did what you had to do . You gave us hope . You gave us back our home , sam . Here we go . Wow . Okay . Just a little bit right there . Brothers and sisters , Mesdames et monsieurs , Freaks and frogs , flotsam and jetsam , We are aggregated here to witness the tri-Binding Of a trio of our assembly in holy matrimony ... . steve , sharon , bucky . It would be remiss of me not to make mention Of the fact that this moment is without precedent In the annals of our ordeal . This is the first wedding we 've ever had here ... a symbol of new beginnings Bespeaking our imminent departure For a home to which we feared we might never return . Yes ! Steve , do you take these other two To be your lifelong lovemates ? I do . Bucky , do you take these other two To be your lifelong lovemates ? I do . ( Mutters indistinctly ) sharon , do you take these other two For your lifelong lovemates ? Okay . All of which have the merit of being acceptable answers To the query just posed . Steve , sharon , bucky , i have the distinct pleasure In pronouncing you men , women , bisexes , bivalves , Baby-Blue husbands and / or wives . Sam ? They 're here . They 're docking . Come ! Let us greet the engines of our salvation ! Ambassador curran , welcome back . You arrive at the most appropriate moment . The very thought of our repatriation is ... huh ? No ! No ! No ! Oh . Am i samswope ? Somebody clean that up And blow it out the garbage port ! " What monstrosities would walk the streets Were some peopli 's faces as unfinished as their minds " Eric hoffer
