 We think we only have one life in the world . Actually there 's another parallel world . There , humans live together with Opapatika , both good and evil Opapatika . I 'm just an ordinary man in the middle of a war . And I don 't know when it will end . Humans can 't control their habits and desires . Mr Detective why do you want to know about us so badly , Techit ? Perhaps you 'd like to know how to go beyond your capabilities ? Human curiosity is infinite . People never stop searching . But the question is what are they searching for ? If you want to make a fresh start , you must forget everything and bury the past . Do you believe in the next life ? According to an ancient belief , people are born in one of four forms : " Sangsethacha " - a moisture-born creature . " Anthacha " - to be born from egg . " Chalaphucha " - from the womb . A spontaneously birth , out of nowhere , is called " Opapatika " DEMON WARRIORS Opapatika is the fourth type of birth . It doesn 't happen to everyone . Only a few can go beyond their own limit . For people like you ... What are you searching for ? Chasing your dreams and happiness ? Welcome to the land of future existence . What you don 't see doesn 't mean it doesn 't exist . This place has existed before the Earth and still evolves at its pace . And the Opapatika live among humans . Once you become an Opapatika , you unknowingly sign a contract with death . Every human has hidden abilities . For those who became Opapatika their hidden abilities will multiply to the point where they become supernatural . IT WAS ALL HIS FAULT ! I can sense what you 're feeling . You 're full of hatred and pain . This is my special ability , right ? Reading other people 's minds . I 'm delighted to meet someone with an amazing ability like yours . " Atchatikayan " - or the practical intuition is your special ability . The sixth sense you get , in exchange for your other five senses . - In exchange ? - That 's right . In exchange for losing all five senses one by one , every time you use this ability . Everything in this world ... There is nothing in this world that we get for free . This is the sin of committing suicide . It 's not the right way to free yourself from misery . What I want you to do ... is find four Opapatikas and follow a girl named Pran . No problem . If this is going to lead me to what I 'm looking for . Don 't waste your time looking for my special ability . One day , you 'll know the answer . Mr Techit ... this is Thuwachit . He 's human . He will be your guide . Your mission is to find Opapatikas . The rest ... will be his responsibility . Master Sadok 's long lifespan allows him to tell who could be an Opapatika . His name , " Sadok " means " a hundred years " - which is the length of his life . He wants to live for another hundred years . Or if it 's possible , he wants to be immortal . Instead he 's only got eight days left . So in the next eight days I have to find those four Opapatikas . After Master Sadok turned Techit into an Opapatika , the great war between humans and Opapatika started . Paison was born to be a killer . He 's like a monster . He kills to release the pain in his heart . If you wish him to kill to someone for you , just write the name on a piece of paper and put it in his wife 's urn . Every time he kills someone , the wound of that person appears on his own body . During the day , Arut is kind and sensitive , but at night-time , he 's fierce and cruel like a monster . Every morning he wakes up bloodstained but he can never remember what he had done the night before . Ramil lives a meaningless and reckless life like a ghost . He has two spirits . But the more he summons the evil spirit the more he transforms into that spirit . Jirat is a demon with unique power . He has to suffer eternally , as he has the power of immortality . Techit is so curious about the secrets of life after committing suicide that he 's willing to sell his soul . He 's so proud he can read people 's minds . But he doesn 't realise that the more he uses his power , the sooner he 'll lose his five senses . The past will always haunt us . And it will be the first thing that we have to fight before we start all over again . But right now there 's nowhere in the world I would want to live anymore . Die ! I also live in this parallel world , that humans are curious about . The Opapatika world , where animals , human beings , demons , devils and angels live together peacefully . But those who kill themselves to enter this world , they still have to confront their sins and bad karmas . Techit 's job is to find Opapatikas . My job is to hunt them down . Many of my men died trying to find Opapatikas for Master Sadok . Even though they can be reborn as Opapatikas , the circles of their lives can vary . They have new lives and special abilities , but they can also die and be killed . He knows everyone 's Achilles ' heel and he attacks with pinpoint accuracy . He can kill anyone instantly with just one bullet . I repeat , the target is extremely dangerous . Be careful . Although Paison has those special powers , the pain and misery suffered by his victims occur on his body as well . Paison . Paison . There 's only one person who can change us for good . He understands the consequences of committing suicide , but he seems willing to accept this heartbreaking pain . Would you like to play a game ? Let 's play a game . Aren 't you scared ? For us , what you are doing is a curse . If that 's true , then I 'll think of it as a game . And I 'll make the most of it . No matter what happens . Only Opapatikas can identify each other . So when they see us out there hunting them , they contact and warn other Opapatikas . For Techit , what he 's looking for so desperately and the way he 's looking for it , is utter nonsense . I can 't receive such an honour . Arresting Opapatikas requires people with special skills . Please only use your power when and where it 's suitable . Sometimes superhuman powers ... can have disastrous results . Ramil is no exception . He knows that every time he uses his power , his body becomes uglier . But he still longs for it . It 's like he wants to end his life in this world as soon as possible . Hurry up ! Fire ! Get down ! Fire ! Take him away ! Just like he said . He came to warn us to beware of these bastards . They 'll come and hunt us down . Who the hell are they ? I don 't know . Just kill them all . Thank you for your honesty and loyalty . In the past , I used to worry that one day you 'd leave me like them . But now everything 's changed . I will do my best for you . This was the last sound he heard . This must be the first damage . The first damage has occurred , right ? Which sense have you lost ? The paths of Opapatikas have brought us together . It was destiny . This is another form of Opapatika . They have no clue that after committing the sin of suicide they are literally living in hell . " Ms Dungkamol Hemchalee " May this be spared from my relatives . May my relatives be well and at peace . Our loved ones even though they 're gone we still miss them . But life goes on . Someone told me that if you seek revenge or you wish someone dead , you should just write your wish to a demon . And then that demon ... will fulfill your wish . But sometimes revenge gets you nowhere . You also hope that demon will help you . I 've lost someone . Opapatika like us have nowhere to go . We 're trapped in this world . Can 't find a way out . It 's like we don 't want to go to heaven . - We 're obsessed with silly matters . - What the hell do you want ? Stop messing around with that girl . Do I have to obey you ? I know it 's not easy to let go of the misery in your heart . But if you don 't listen to me ... I 'll do anything to stop you . In the daytime , Arut was haunted by what he did at night-time . But at night-time , he worried that his weakness wouldn 't help him survive another night . His cruelty and sensitivity longed for one another . If only this was real ... If it was real ... I don 't know what I want . I can 't get away from who I am . We can 't stay with each other at night . I can 't remember how I feel at night . All I know is I have a nightmare , but it 's so real and so frightening . It scares me . I want to freeze time . Freeze it forever . So I can stay with you like this . I don 't want to see you change . - Hey ! Keep it . - What ? Get them before nightfall . Should I kill you now ? Run ! Wasting time with a piece of shit is much more fun than I expect . I didn 't know you wanted to get yourself killed this bad . Even though we 're not humans , we still worry about our lives . Hey . I wonder what 's quicker - your hand or my gun ? And if I pull the trigger , will both you and your spirit die ? You can read minds , right ? Why don 't you read his mind ? He wants to hunt us down so he can sacrifice our lives to his master What a pity ! The last thing smelled ... was blood . I know I can 't keep lying to you . But this is what we believe - and it seems to work . It 's been keeping me alive so far . This time you 've lost the sense of smell . The sense of smell . " Atchatikayan . " Your intuition makes your other senses subside . Now you only have three senses left . Actually , it 's either because you can 't smell anything , or maybe because you 've already adjusted yourself as one of us . You wanna try some ? And maybe it 'll help you bring back some of your lost senses . People 's minds are hard to understand . You must know what I 'm thinking right now . You are that demon . Love ... Isn 't it powerful enough ? Please set me free . I warned you . Immortal . Silence ... maybe the most beautiful sound for us . The sound of silence ... It might make us think carefully . Why are you like this ? You 'll never understand . I think it 's the only thing that makes us behave so irrationally . To be able to know what others think ... can be painful . Maybe ... it 's better not to know anything at all . Have we met before ? You 're lying . I can see it in your eyes . This is the last thing he will see . He went blind with an image of something he thought was beautiful . Just think carefully before you do anything . What is this all about ? Maybe it was destiny that brought them together . These scars appear every time I kill someone . The wounds of the victim appear on my body . It 's the karma . Whatever I do to others to anyone will come back to me equally . Then ... why don 't you stop ? What makes you this way ? Just one person can change your life forever . People change all the time . But the important thing is how we cope with change . It 's sad ... that we are trapped in this world . But it 's better than being reborn ... and then dying again and again endlessly . Long time no see , Jirat . I envy your pathetic immortality . Shit . The world of immortals and the mortal world are the same . How many lives does one have ? What is the truth ? Do you really want to know my pain ? Jirat has been living in this world for so long that he can 't find the beginning and the end . From darkness to twilight . You must forget ... and bury the past . Do you believe in the next life ? At that point , Master Sadok did not foresee that the power he 'd gained wasn 't worth seeking . He ended his life by committing the greatest sin . If we have to start all over again every time we make a mistake this can only mean failure all along . You might want to stop using your power ... or else you 'll always suffer . Will my weakness during the day help me survive ? I don 't know . All I know is I 'll never leave you . How long has it been since I last saw the sun rise ? Do you still remember your last breath as a human ? No , I can 't remember . Do you want to say something to him ? Sometimes we don 't know what we really want . That 's life . We can 't have everything we want . I 'm the unwanted side of him in the night-time . But I think ... you 're his deep side . Sometimes I 'm doubtful about my duties . I 've lost many of my men . I hoped this would be the last war of my life . If I die today , I 'll die as a human . I 'll never understand the way Opapatikas think . I don 't understand why they want to be immortal . Sometimes I want to set him free . Your immense kindness means a lot to me , sir . If it wasn 't for you I would have been dead a long time ago . Likewise . Without you , I 'd probably have died from this condition a long time ago . Thuwachit , you 're always my winner . This is the last day , isn 't it ? Soon we 'll find out ... whether it 's going to end or start all over again . This great war was to determine whether this would be the last day of Master Sadok 's life . What about Pran ? There are so many secrets in the Opapatika world . And this is one of them . If one Opapatika eats another Opapatika 's heart , he will receive that Opapatika 's power . People never stop searching . But the question is what are we looking for ? If you want a new start you must forget and bury the past . Do you believe in the next life ? Love ... Isn 't it powerful enough ? Fighting for something that never even existed is heartbreaking . Life is pretense . We pretend to be someone who never existed at all . What you see right here is someone you don 't even know ... Or are you pretending not to know that this girl doesn 't exist . The past ... will always follow us . And it will be the first thing that we have to fight before we start all over again . To be able to know what others think can be painful . Maybe it 's better not to know anything at all . I don 't like not knowing myself . Not knowing my desires . I want to get away from what I am . Revenge gets you nowhere . And then that demon will fulfill my wish . ... will fulfill my wish . It was too late for them to realise the deception . Love is the easiest trap . That girl , Pran , is Master Sadok 's secret . His special power is he can create illusions - a secret that Techit tried to discover . He lured you guys into his trap . He played with your weakness , so you would be sacrificed and save his rotting body . I never fell for that girl . I tried to warn you , but I couldn 't get through to you . And if you don 't believe me now , I 'm going to have to kill you . It 'd rather do that than seeing him devour you to break the curse . This is all your fault , Jirat . You made me this way ... Suffering from this rotten body and having to eat other Opapatikas to survive . You used to do the same to free yourself from your immortality . I don 't believe you . This is nonsense . This is all nonsense . You think you can read my mind . Well , I can read your movements . What you are about to do is worse than what you hate the most . Now you 've lost your speaking ability . I 'll never become one of you . You don 't appreciate the value of being human . Long ago , there was one demon ... who tried to do everything in his power , just like I 'm doing right now , to give desperate people hope . But right now ... he rejects everything he 's done . I used to believe in you . I sacrificed myself to you once . Now it 's your turn to sacrifice your immortality for me . Do you think that immortality is a good thing ? If I 'd known it would be this bad , I 'd never have sought it . Paison ... There 's one person that can change our life forever . I never believed that a human can 't kill an Opapatika . What kind of human were you before you became Opapatika ? Do you believe in the next life ? At least I know what awaits me after my life as an Opapatika . For me , the war has ended . Because I now know that living a human life is the most wonderful thing . Jirat , however will remain trapped in this world and endure eternal suffering . Real immortality can be achieved by good karma only . " Being human is not easy . " " Human life is precious . Thus committing suicide is a sin . "
