 Previously on Fringe ... You had no choice . Whatever that thing was , it wasn 't Charlie . - You 've been through quite an ordeal . - What 's this ? Sam Weiss , the man who helped put me back together . You can take the shoes off now , we 're done . - I just got here . - Come back tomorrow . By then , I 'll have found you the perfect bowling ball . I was told that you could fix me . Take care , Agent Dunham . We 're closed . I think I owe you a thank you . I got my memories back from the accident , so ... I figured I wouldn 't be needing these . Who died ? You and your partner , Charlie , were pretty close ? I guess getting your memory back wasn 't your only problem . Of course I have problems , but ... The problems I have I can handle . Sure you can . If you ask me , what you need right now , is something to help you with everything you 've been going through ... Something to help you ... make sense of it all . Like bowling . Well , what do you know ? She makes a joke . I got another project for you . Yes , like bowling . You 're gonna think I 'm full of it , but here 's the thing , Olivia ... Whether you admit it or not , your life is something of a nightmare . I hope you don 't have anything against the color red . Jeez , Greg . Carl 's really pissed off at you . What 'd you do , man ? - You better get in there . - I 'm going . Finally . We 've been waiting . Are you okay ? Whatever happened , make sure we all go away . You know how much trouble you caused me . I am going to destroy you ! What the hell ? Greg , are you crazy ? _ . • ´ ¯ ¯ LIAISON ¯ ¯ ` • . _ ¯ ` • . _ _ Team _ _ . • ´ ¯ Retrouvez-nous chaque semaine ... pour découvrir les énigmes de Saison 2 Épisode 05 - Dream Logic - Bon épisode ... You can bring that in here , please . Hang on . - What are you doing ? - Making my bed . I 've got a fireplace to keep me warm , and if I get hungry in the middle of the night , the kitchen is only 13 steps away , which is a prime number and a sign of good fortune . You know that you have a bedroom , right ? Upstairs . I know what you 're thinking . Don 't worry , son . I promise to wear my shorts to bed so that if you bring any young ladies home , there won 't be any embarrassing moments . Knock , knock . Agent Farnsworth . - Welcome to our new home . - Thank you . Housewarming . I love presents . Walter , come on . Italian ciabatta bread . - Very impressive , Walter . - Yes ! It 's for good luck . I brought something for you too . You shouldn 't have . Agent Dunham sent this over . A man kills his boss , he doesn 't remember , and then he has this really crazy thing with his eyes . This says there 's video surveillance . I saw it . Whatever was happening to that man , it wasn 't normal . Do I eat it or keep it ? I suppose whichever you 'd like . Pack a bag , Walter . We 're going to Seattle . Thank you . There you go . Do you have a card ? In case we need a ride while we 're in town . Thank you . Thanks for coming out . We brought Mr. Leader here around 6 : 00 last night . We haven 't managed to get anything out of him . - He hasn 't been cooperative ? - He hasn 't been responsive . We only just managed to wake him up . Wait . - He 's been asleep for 16 hours ? - Like he was drugged . The doctors only managed to wake him up a few minutes ago . I don 't want to go in there . I 'd rather stay out here . Sure . Can you tell us what happened , Mr. Leader ? It doesn 't make sense . I remember driving to work from lunch , pulling into the garage , and then I was on the floor in Carl Langdon 's office . They were holding me down . And there 's nothing else that you remember from yesterday ? Nothing unusual ? You 're gonna think I 'm crazy . Try me . The office ... It was like the office was infiltrated by these creatures . And Carl , he was their leader . He had horns ... like some demon . I know . It sounds nuts . Almost like I 'm dreaming , or like it was ... Mr. Leader ? Mr. Leader ? What is it ? - You can 't go in the room , Mrs. Leader . - What 's happening to him ? Mrs. Leader . Please ! Oh , my God ! That 's odd . Warm . He should be cooler by now . The oven ... I think we forgot to turn it off at home . We 've never even turned it on . You sure ? We never turned the oven on . We did not leave the front door unlocked and the toaster is not gonna burn the house down . What 's going on with you ? - You 've been acting weird . - Apologies , we 're still waiting on the tox screen . But the blood CBC is ... Severe thyroxine deficit , curiously high levels of adrenal hormones . How did you know that ? Shock-induced achromotrichia , hyperkeratotic skin lesions , and clear signs of dehydration . It seems that this man died of ... of acute exhaustion . That doesn 't make any sense . - Human beings can 't die of ... - Not that we 're aware of , no . It has been documented in rats . I need this body taken back to my lab . Your lab ? In Boston , Massachusetts . Whatever you need , I 'm sure they have it here . Would you excuse me , Doctor ? I need to go home . I don 't like it here . This city has a smell . It 's wet ! It reminds me of St. Claire 's , the mental institution where I lived . I want to go home . You stay . Help Agent Dunham , but ... We 'll find someone to take you home . Thank you . Seems pretty harmless . Looks can be deceiving . Buddy , I 've been with the bureau for three years . Flying your father home shouldn 't be a problem . Right . You 'll want to keep his Sudoku pad handy . There 's also a copy of Max Planck 's book on entropy in his backpack . That should keep him busy . And whatever you do , under no circumstances let him drink . - Bit of a tippler ? - No , at any given time , there 's a good chance there 's psychotropic drugs in his system . So drinking ... It 's not a good idea . Thank you , Doctor . I really appreciate your cooperation . No problem . Do you have a business card ? So that I can send you a copy of the results . Of course . Thank you . You can 't put the body in feet first . Lunatics . Out , out . You think he 'll be all right ? Walter , or Agent Cashner ? Greg used to call me every day after lunch . When he didn 't call , I knew something was wrong . But there 'd ... There 'd been no change in his behavior recently ? He was a little more tired than usual , but ... he 'd been working a lot . But no illnesses ? No hallucinations ? Not at all . I can 't believe he 's gone . Mrs. Leader ... Did your husband have any sleep issues ? These books ... " Guide to Sleep Disorders " , " Understanding Sleep " ... He used to sleepwalk . Sometimes he 'd wake up in the kitchen having cooked a whole meal . Was he ever violent ? Never . And he was cured . He had seen a few specialists . He hadn 't had an episode in six months . We 'll need the names of those doctors . And did he by any chance keep a sleep journal ? Would you like to see it ? Yes . Please . Just in time , dear . Help me with this infernal body bag . - This is Agent Cashner . - Walter , it 's almost midnight . Yes , I 'll hold . The ride back was invigorating . The turbulence over Ohio was like ... being in the belly of a seizing whale . I screamed like a little girl . I 'm sure that went over well with the rest of the passengers . No , it 's Bishop . B-I-S-H-O-P . Yes , we got the body . What 's that about ? They detained our bags . Raw milk ? No , I 'm pretty sure Dr. Bishop wouldn 't have packed a bottle of raw ... Milk . Yes , I understand it 's against the law . I 'm a federal agent . That 's odd ... nine stitches ... Surgical . There 's no reason for an incision there . Astricks , my small bone saw , please . Dr. Bishop , I 'm sorry , but , those bags won 't be available to us until morning . That 's okay . In fact , you can assist us in removing his scalp . Once you get used to the smell , it 's really quite something . Come on . I didn 't wake you , did I ? What ? Cute . Except in my case , I actually graduated . I 'm guessing ... you bought yours to impress the girls . Yeah , more or less . So what you got ? Greg Leader 's sleep journal . His wife was right . For the last couple months , he 's been averaging between eight and ten hours of sleep every night . Then how can he die of exhaustion ? It gets weirder . He was also using it as a dream diary . Guess what his nightmares were about . Demons ? At least once a week . Then a couple months ago , all of a sudden , they stop . So do you think this is some kind of extreme sleepwalking ? Sleepwalkers don 't generally get violent . And unlike Greg Leader , they don 't remember their experiences . Where 'd you learn that ? MIT ? As a kid , I used to get these terrible nightmares , almost every night . So , I know a thing or two about dreaming . I 'm sorry . That must have been awful . Actually , it was one of the rare occasions in my childhood that Walter was helpful . He taught me to condition myself . Every night before I went to sleep , I had to say a mantra in my head . " Please don 't dream tonight . Please don 't dream tonight . Please don 't dream tonight . " - Did that work ? - You can 't stop yourself from dreaming but it did make it so that I didn 't remember . From the age of 8 to ... almost 19 , don 't remember a single dream . No more nightmares . There 's been another incident . Guy on the bike was dead on impact . Woman must have been driving 40 miles per hour which killed him . Crash-killed her , too ? She 's dead but it wasn 't the crash . Ellen was calling to let me know she was heading home from the office . We were on the phone when she ... She said she saw a monster . Did you see her white hair ? What happened to her ? Hold it steady , Agent Casper . It 's Cashner . - Do this kind of thing often ? - Brains ? Although Walter gets particularly excited whenever we do . Look at that . Would you call Peter ? I 'm out . I 've got Walter for you . A filament ? What kind of filament ? Hold on a second , fellas . Mind if I take a look at her ? Some kind of ... little computer chip imbedded in his midbrain . The thalamus ? Yes , that would make sense . Well done , son . Hold up , Walter . Agent Dunham ! Excuse me . What does that do ... the thalamus ? Why is it relevant ? It 's the part of the brain that regulates sleep . What are you looking for ? That . Both the victims had been surgically implanted . It 's a bio-chip . Technically a brain-computer interface , or BCI . This particular chip has a transmitter , which makes it wireless . So it can commit the brain to a remote computer ? That 's right . From what we can ascertain , we think it works a lot like a pacemaker . It monitors sleep cycles and when necessary , stimulates the thalamus , which induces a deeper sleep state . There is a researcher in Seattle who has worked on several prototypes like it . The man 's a genius . We 've been tracking him for years . Thank you . I 'll let the team know . Dr. Laxmeesh Nayak ? I 'm Olivia Dunham . I 'm with the FBI . We were wondering if you were familiar with Greg Leader and Ellen Rosiello . Yes , they 're patients . What 's this about ? Both of them recently committed homicidal attacks and then died , as a result of what appears to be extreme exhaustion . Dr. Nayak , we found a bio-chip imbedded in Mr. Leader 's brain . - Do you know ... - Yes . Yes , of course . They both had them . They were part of a study . So you 've implanted those chips into other people ? It 's a large-scale , clinical trial . There are 60 in the control group and 82 with the bio-chips . We 're gonna need their names , all of them . I 've been working on this chip for years . I 've tested it extensively . And there 's no malfunction that could have caused the kind of reaction we saw ? What if the chip shorted out ? Even if it had , the chip should have remained benign . Why is this ... ? Wait here . The main computer server . It contained all my research ... the patients ' files . It 's all gone . The patients ' files are backed up on a remote server . I 'll give you the password . My research assistant . Zach , call the nurses . We need the names of all the patients . - Everyone they can remember . - Sure . I 'll get right on it . The password . Thank you . Can you think of anyone who would want to steal your data or might want to sabotage you ? I don 't know . I suppose there are any number of companies . The chip was valuable ? The initial testing has been remarkable . It 's cured sleepwalking , night terrors ... All major non-REM sleep disorders . These people just wanted some rest , and my chip was helping them . It wouldn 't make them hurt anyone , and it certainly wouldn 't kill them . It just doesn 't make any sense . Dr. Nayak , do you have a business card ? Just for our records . I 'll get you one . Well , the doctor is beside himself . And aside from the obvious which is money , he can 't think of any reason why someone - would want to steal his research . - I can . The bio-chip plugs directly into the thalamus , which not only regulates sleep , it also works as a relay tower to the cerebral cortex , which also controls motor function . Mind control , Peter . Wouldn 't be the first time someone 's attempted it . I told you about my work with the MK-ultra project . Of course , at that time , we supposed we could do it with LSD and hypnotic suggestion . - So it is possible ? - Theoretically , yes . If I faxed you a schematic of the device 's internal architecture , could you test the chip you have ? But I 'd need to replicate the chip 's function in a neutral environment . Of course , if I had a live subject ... No student volunteers . Good news . The bags are back . Say it ... " No students . " All right , no students . Okay , well , get back to me as soon as you can . So , did you reach Walter ? He thinks it could be mind control but modifying the bio-chips would take a lot of trial and error . So he thinks that someone 's trying to perfect mind control one patient at a time ? Well , that would explain why the events are seemingly without motive . - How 's the patient roundup going ? - Nayak could only list 26 patients . So the local PD are taking them into his clinic and removing their chips , so to speak . That still leaves , what ? 50-odd patients . Listen ... I think I understand what it is that you 're going through , but ... that thing that you killed ... - that wasn 't Charlie . - I know . It 's just , I ... You know , my first week on the job , I was on a sting operation . These ... Irish thugs were smuggling guns and cocaine . And ... I had been a military prosecutor , so I hadn 't handled a gun since basic training . And suddenly , I 'm underground in this garage , wearing a bulletproof vest and ... wondering how the hell I got there . So I did what any rookie would do , and I started looking for an exit . And then ... Charlie walks over . This man that I didn 't know ... This gruff guy . And ... He said ... " You 're gonna be fine . " And , I have to face it ... That he ... He 's gone ... And that he 's not coming back . So I 'm just gonna go to Nayak 's clinic and ... see if I can help the nurse identify some other patients . That was a double order on table nine , pop . So what 'd your friends think of my moussaka ? - Like they 'd died and gone to Heaven . - Damn right . Do you really want to increase the dose ? Dr. Bishop , I 'm heading to the airport , back to Seattle . Would you say good-bye to Agent Farnsworth for me ? Certainly . Before you go , could you do me a favor and smell this ? It seems my olfactory sense is a bit muddled . Must be the French roast coffee I had for breakfast . Raspberry ? Keep Miss Barage sedated for another ten minutes . Then bring in my next patient . What 's going on here ? I understand you 're all upset . We should contact the local pharmacies too . They should be able to identify who 's filled a prescription within the last six months from Dr. Nayak . Excuse me . Hello ? What 's shakin ' , Bacon ? The usual ... I 'm just painting my toenails and planning on taking a trip up the coast . You get the business cards ? I got eight of them . Eight ? You asked everyone you saw wearing red ? So what do I do now ? Lay them out in front of you like you 're playing Go Fish . Now take a pen , circle one letter in every name , both first and last . When you 're finished , take all the letters you 've circled and write them down on a piece of paper . Got it ? Now what ? Now jumble . Jumble ? Jumble , anagram , word puzzle . Find the phrase . What phrase ? What am I looking for ? Whatever it is you need to hear . You 'll figure it out . Got to go . I really don 't have any time for this . Nayak 's patient files are gone . The server at the data-storage facility was wiped some time within the last 24 hours . - Can we trace the hacker 's IP address ? - We don 't think there was one . There 's no sign of a DDOS attack , and given the level of online security in the facility , we think whoever wiped the files must have had a password . - So it was someone in the clinic ? - It would seem that way . It 's not possible . My employees are good people . They 've all worked here for years . - We 're a family . - But they all had the password ? There was no reason for them not to . I 'm telling you ... none of them would have done this . Another one . Her eyes were going crazy . Her hair turned white , then she collapsed . I don 't understand . She screamed we were cannibals and then attacked with a knife . I had to wrestle it away from her . She was so happy . This doesn 't make sense . Leanne suffered from night terrors . She was just in my office last week . We 're gonna have to make a public announcement . I 'm gonna get our media liaison to put an announcement on the local news . Zach Miller , my lab assistant ... skipped work today . He hasn 't been answering his phone . Zach Miller ? I guess that 's why he wasn 't answering the phone . What 's wrong with Agent Cashner ? I drugged him . You drugged him ? Don 't tell me you put that chip in his head . But I wanted to . Then I realized that I could attach the chip to an EEG net , and the signal would reach his brain . And how are you going to send him commands ? I have wired the neurostimulator to the same frequency . If Peter 's theory is correct and this is mind control , then the chip should receive commands from here , through the neurostimulator . It 's then translated into impulses that Agent Cashner 's brain can understand . I need help putting this on . Walter , I do not think this is a very good idea . Don 't be such a grinch . I 've told you , science should be fun . Come on . Look at his feet . Feet . Got it . Anything ? Nope . Walter , what is it ? Either a green unicorn just raced across the lab , or I accidentally took some LSD . It must be mescaline . It 's peaking too quickly . Oh , God . That 's not mescaline . It 's something else entirely . I think it 's not the drugs at all . I think I have an idea what it is . And you 've never gotten anything like this before ? Of course not . I 'm gonna send a copy of this to our question documents unit . They 'll analyze the handwriting , the paper , and the ink . But in the meantime , the police have offered to put a protective detail outside your clinic , and Detective Green will watch your house . Now , if you 'll excuse us , we 're gonna try and track down the rest of your patients . Don 't worry , Dr. Nayak . We 're gonna catch this guy . Then you can get back to your work . We 'll call you as soon as we know something . Please leave a message after the tone . I told them . I showed them your damn note . So you might as well stop . So it 's not mind control ? No , Peter , your theory is wrong . Dr. Nayak 's chips aren 't receiving commands . They 're transmitting massive amounts of data . Walter , the bio-chips are supposed to transmit data . That 's their function , to monitor sleep cycles . The chips aren 't simply monitoring sleep . They 're accessing all the sensory information that passes through the thalamus ... Every color , sound , and picture while we sleep . Walter , are you saying that Dr. Nayak 's bio-chips are stealing dreams ? That 's right , dear . Leader 's sleep journal . He slept for hours , but he never had any dreams . Before they reached his consciousness , they were all siphoned off , which means no dreams . The brain can never recharge , and that ... - Would lead to death by exhaustion . - Exactly . What 's more , I believe the chips have the ability to turn on a dreaming state while the patient is awake , which would lead to paranoia , hallucinations , and a complete inability to differentiate between reality and dreams ... The very behavior we 've been witnessing . Why would anybody want to access another person 's dreams ? The rush , Peter . Think of your most pleasant dream , multiply that feeling tenfold , all mainlining through your cortex in a few seconds . It 's really quite something . Walter , are you saying that we 're dealing with an addict ? Not just an addict , dear . A man who came in contact with this drug ... In my estimation , that man would become its slave . We got to go back to the hotel . What are you thinking ? Walter thinks we 're looking for an addict , right ? Well , my stepfather was an addict . He was a drunk . And it was like he had two different personalities ... One when he was sober and one when he was smashed . The deeper the addiction , the more extreme the rift , like Jekyll and Hyde . So this is the patient list that Dr. Nayak wrote out , and here is the death threat he received . The handwriting 's sloped . Look at the " G " s ... and the " F " s . These are written by the same person . Thank you , Detective Green . You have one message . I told them . I showed them your damn note . So you might as well stop . Please . Water rudder set . Thanks , hon . Jack , what are you doing ? Jack , what are you doing ? Jack , we have got to get this bird in the air . November 822 , pilot in distress ! Peter , he 's plugged in . Let me try to shut down the program . November 822 to ATC , I 've got a problem ! I 'm gonna have to try to disable the server . - Can you shut it down ? - I think it 's locked . November 822 , squawking 7700 ! Okay , stand back . He 's dead . Got a call from radio control at Lake Union ... Incident with a seaplane pilot , one of Nayak 's patients . They 're all safe . Good work . I checked out Nayak 's control panel . All the dials were cranked up into the red . You think he decided to go down in one final blaze of glory ? Actually , I think it was a lot more complicated than that . You remember how horrified Nayak was when we told him his patients were dying ? I don 't think that he was fully aware of what his darker side was up to ... until tonight . So this was his way of trying to put a stop to things . I guess that 's the irony . His addiction to dreams became his nightmare , one that he couldn 't wake up from . Maybe that was his only way of ending the nightmare . Dad , what 's wrong ? What is it ? Nothing . You were talking in your sleep . I think I was having a bad dream . I was a kid , in my room . You were there . And the rest ? You don 't remember it ? Rendez-vous le 5 novembre pour un nouvel épisode !
