 Previously on Fringe : A series of events has occurred . These events appear to be scientific . - It 's referred to as the Pattern . Olivia Dunham . We need to know what happened and who 's behind it . - Anybody you need , you can have . Walter Bishop . He worked out of Harvard in an area called Fringe Science . - Step back . You 're telling me my father was Dr. Frankenstein ? I have a job to defend our national security and I assure you , we are not secure . When the threat is unimaginable , that is when we are at the door . The clouds in the sky - Hello ? - Hey , honey . I 'm glad I caught you . Where are you ? Did you make it ? Airport lounge . About to board in 15 minutes . Look , Nat , I know with Mom being sick and me traveling so much , I feel bad . - I told you it wasn 't gonna be like this . It 's all right . Let 's do something when you get back . You 're not upset ? - No , I understand . Don 't worry . If you have to work , you have to work . Are you on your way home ? There was some traffic . I 'll be home in about five minutes . Any tears that you shed - Oh , listen , they just called my flight . Okay . Have a safe trip . Call me when you land . I will . - Happy anniversary . I love you . I love you too . Randy , you 're gonna get it . Randy , you totally got me , heh . I had no idea . Randy ? Stop it . You 're scaring me . Randy ? Randy ? No . No . No ! The monkey thought that everything Was on the square Well , the buzzard tried to throw The monkey off his back But the monkey grabbed his neck And said " Now listen , Jack " Straighten up and fly right Straighten up and stay right Straighten up and fly right Cool down , papa , don 't you blow your top Broyles . This doesn 't make any sense . Well , there 's no forced entry . No signs of a struggle . Walter , do you have any thoughts ? Reminds me of Christmas . Like a fire log that burns so hot it remains intact holding the shape of its former self . Oh , you used to love that when you were a child . You 'd poke the log with your little finger when it had cooled . Then you 'd draw genitalia on the reindeer decorations . Happy memories , Walter . What she meant was do you have any thoughts as to what happened to Dusty here ? Well , the seat cushions have no scorch marks which rules out any form of fire or spontaneous combustion . So could he have been dosed by something ? Yes , that 's possible . But before we can determine cause we need to find some way to transport Mr. Dancik 's remains back to my lab . So ... Um ... - Peter , I 'll need a Dust Devil . - A vacuum cleaner ? Yes , you 're right . We 'll need several . What do we know ? Randy Dancik . His wife found him . She thought he was on a plane to Hong Kong but he stayed home to surprise her for their anniversary . Did this man happen to work in a hospital ? No , he was an investment banker . Has he visited a hospital in the last 24 hours ? I can find out . Why ? It 's not the first time I 've seen this phenomenon . Four years ago in D.C several victims were turned to dust like Mr. Dancik . By the time the killings ended , there were five deaths . Each of the victims worked at or had recently visited Tyson General in D.C. After the third death , I was contacted by an Eastern European man . He knew case-specific details . Details that only the killer would 've known . He offered to turn himself in but only if we could decipher his formula . What formula ? It 's a molecular model . Some kind of complex compound . I recognize a couple of these elements . - The others , I 'm not sure . - What is it ? Don 't know . He implied solving it was the key to stopping the murders . CDC and NIH chemists worked around the clock , but couldn 't break it . There were two more victims and after that , he stopped . - The trail went cold . - Until last night . I 'm gonna get these to Walter right away . Dunham . Thank you . Uh , P.D. confirmed with Dancik 's wife that he visited his mother in a hospital yesterday . - Which hospital ? - Uh , Latchmere General . The Latchmere Health Alliance is made up of three separate hospital campuses and a network of - This is the hospital we 're interested in . We need to review all your records . We 're looking for an employee of Eastern European descent who may have also worked in a D.C. area hospital about four years ago . - We 're looking for a match . This is a warrant giving us access to your network servers . My agents will need to take over this office . Excuse me , miss . That is a man 's remains you 're playing with . Indeed . Reduced to its most elemental components : carbon and calcium . One Geiger counter , batteries replaced . Thank you , my dear . - Mm-hm . You think some sort of radiation passed through him ? We all carry low amounts of radiation . The water we drink , the food we eat . Seven rads or so . But that equation describes something organic and radioactive . If it has anything to do with the man 's death then this man will be in the mid to low hundreds . Hmm . This doesn 't make any sense . Even reduced to this state Mr. Dancik should have some trace amounts of radiation . Maybe it dissipated . - It 's unlikely . Hello ? Yep . He 's right here . Hang on . Thank you . - Mm-hm . - Hello ? - Hey . Has Walter made any headway on the body ? Just that it doesn 't contain any radiation . - Otherwise , it 's just a pile of dust . - What about the formula ? He hasn 't cracked it yet . He thinks it may describe some kind of organism . And , as of a couple hours ago , he started referring to it as a she . - Oh ! Hold on a sec . Here he is . Agent Dunham , the formula is a different matter entirely . She 's a complex chemical puzzle . - For what , I don 't know . - Well , can you solve it ? Well , first I would need to break her into her organic and inorganic parts and then - Walter ? Hello ? Titanium tetrachloride . You sly temptress . Walter ? Hey . Me again . Needless to say , he 's into it . I 'll keep you posted . Okay . Thanks . What do we have ? We 're indexing the records of both hospitals against any Eastern European names . Nothing yet . No , I can stay . You should go home . I 'll wait . Why 'd the killer call you ? Was is just to taunt you ? Quite the opposite . He was distraught . Said he couldn 't control it . I got the impression that , however he was killing these people he wanted it to end . Until today , I thought maybe it had . Something 's going on . Did you see anything ? - I want this floor sealed . Yes , sir . Agent Broyles . We have a name . Tomas Koslov . He worked at the hospital in D.C. and quit the week the murders stopped . - How long till he started working here ? - A month . He 's a nurse in the Coma unit . He never showed up for his shift tonight . FBI . Tomas Koslov ? Clear . Clear . He knew we were coming . He must 've seen us at the hospital . What do you think it is ? Soldering-iron burns . Electronic components . He was building something . I understand . Thank you for running it . " Tomas Koslov " was an alias . Nothing on that name in any of our databases . He forged his medical records , previous employment . We still know he 's Russian . - Cyrillic letters ? - Tomas whoever-he-is certainly didn 't get that from anywhere around here . - Prints ? - Oh , yeah . - A good one . - Run it through AFIS . I don 't know how many more will die . Isn 't that up to you ? You have the power over what happens next . No , I don 't . You don 't understand . This won 't stop until you can solve that formula . Now , I know you 're tapping my line , so , agent , can you solve it ? You have 10 seconds before I hang up . It 's been analyzed . The FBI , everyone , top men and women in their field they simply need more time . Maybe we should meet someplace , you and I. You can explain what it is we 're not underst - Hello ? Hello ? Come in . Agent Broyles , Senator Van Horn 's on Line 3 . What 's so important that we have to meet face to face , senator ? Phillip , when you filed those fingerprints on your suspect , it went wide : the Bureau , Homeland , CIA . Flag went up in Langley . They 're gonna take this case , demand you cease and desist . I support interdepartmental transparency 100 percent but this was my case four years ago , and it will remain my case . Your suspect is at the center of an ongoing international investigation led by the Russian government . - By that definition alone - - Why are they searching for him ? CIA ? The Russians ? What value does he have to them ? Who is he ? According to a statement by one of their prime ministers he removed property belonging to the Russian Federation . Property ? A weapon ? - Is that what 's killing these people ? - I don 't know . This case has been kicked above our heads . You 're a member of the Intelligence Committee , a former FBI agent . - I 'm not CIA . - There was a time , Dennis that you would say that as a matter of pride , not an excuse . I understand what this case means to you . But I 'm sorry , there is nothing I can do here . Please give my regards to Patricia . So this is all the surveillance footage from the fourth floor . Excuse me . Hey . - Where are you ? - Uh , I 'm at Latchmere Hospital . Just going over security footage from last night . I 've just been informed that the suspect , Tomas Koslov , is wanted by the CIA and the Russian government . The CIA is now handling the case . - They just expect you to hand it over ? - Yes . But I intend to do no such thing . From this point forward , don 't put anything down on paper . No documentation . Anything we need to say , we 'll do it in person . With all due respect , sir , I know that this case is important to you but when we break the rules , we 've got you to protect us . Who 's gonna protect you ? I 'm afraid that if you don 't comply with a direct order - - Agent Dunham , I 'm aware of the risks . - Agent ? Hang on . We might have something . This is the adjacent hallway to the crime scene . This is 23 seconds before the victim was discovered . - Did you see that ? - Yeah . - A man 's shadow . - Mm-hm . So can you get a better angle on his face ? Yes . This is a different angle , same hallway . We should see him head-on here . The light here would register an image . There is no face . Dunham . What is it ? I think you 're gonna wanna see this . No reflections or highlights . No translucency . - This is clearly its own entity . - How is that possible ? It 's possible that the technology that our Russian friend stole allows him to become this shadow . You suggesting this was some Russian experiment ? Because they 're from the other side of the world is it so hard to believe they 'd have their own stripe of the inconceivable ? Belly and I were always amazed at their advancements . Even 40 years ago you wouldn 't believe what those pinkos were up to . Russian fringe science . There 's a pleasant thought . Agent Broyles . This just came in from D.C. Senator Van Horn 's office . Turns out it wasn 't technology that Timur stole six years ago ... - ... he abducted his brother . A cosmonaut . Officially , the Russian Space Agency states he died in space . - But he didn 't . - Why would they say he 's dead ? What happened to him ? According to these documents , they still don 't understand . - The cosmonaut 's the shadow ? - I don 't know . What is clear is Timur took his brother from where he was being studied . - Took ? - He returned from his mission in a coma . And Timur 's been working in the coma ward both here and in D.C. Timur has been moving his brother from hospital to hospital , guarding him . So where 's his brother now ? Presumably still at Latchmere Hospital . No bodies have been removed for the past two weeks . - Okay , well , I 'll get a team together . - We 're good . We 're ready to go there now . Walter and I were discussing how radiation pertains to - Yes . Which lead to a theory about the shadow . Initially I 'd assumed there would be a radiation surplus in the victim from the penthouse . I was mistaken . It 's not the radiation that 's killing them , quite the opposite . It 's the radiation that the entity is after . This thing passes through victims to absorb radiation ? And disintegrates them . All of the victims were undergoing radiation treatment . Um , except for the penthouse guy , he died of bad luck . The day he visited Latchmere General he took a flight in a window seat . Closer to the sun . Like getting a big fat head x-ray . So this thing followed him from the hospital ? I 'm not gonna sleep for weeks . - I 'll go check the patients . - Okay . Coma ward . Yeah , the lights and security monitors are down . We 're going to back-up power . Okay . Tomas . What are you doing here ? It 's not your shift . It 's hard to explain . I have to disconnect a patient . I needed to confuse the monitors . I can 't let them see me take him . Maxine , I wish you hadn 't seen me here . Are all the patients accounted for ? - Are they accounted for ? - Yes . Every bed . But Maxine . She came in here a few minutes ago . He swapped her for his brother . She 's been sedated . - Hey . - Hey . How long has he been at it like this ? Three hours . Don 't touch , don 't touch . Olivia ? Agent Broyles . What a pleasant surprise . Could you get us some licorice , please , dear ? Dr. Bishop , as unlikely as it seems , is it possible that this cosmonaut is our killer ? It wasn 't the cosmonaut , but it could be something inside him . It 's possible that while in outer space the cosmonaut took a space walk and brought something back with him . An organism . Capable of projecting itself without ever really leaving its host . I 'm not following . Like a ventriloquist throwing his voice . The organism can project another version of itself what we perceive as the shadow without ever really leaving the cosmonaut 's body . Now , I have to get back to her . Dr. Bishop , we have a number for Timur Vasiliev based on his employment records . We can leave a voicemail message , hope that at some point he retrieves it . Can we tell him that we can solve the formula ? Walter . Can we ? I think so . Yes . I can dominate her , Agent Broyles . But first I need something from home . You have two new messages . Message received : 3 : 14 p. m . This is Jerry Larsen from Human Resources at Heartswell Medical Center . We 've looked over your résumé , and , boy , it 's really something else . There 's a position - TIMUR Call me when you get to town , we 'll show you around . Thanks again , now . You have one new message . Message received : 6 : 45 p. m . This is Special Agent Broyles from the FBI . I 'm the agent you spoke with four years ago . I have information about the formula for you . Call me at 617-555-0118 . TIMUR I 've been thinking too linearly . Reductive . Restrictive . I must expand my thinking . If you 're looking for your acid tabs , don 't bother , I threw them out . Hmm ? Oh , ha , ha . No , son . This is not a job for the purple blotter . The right tool for this job is Tinkertoys . Okay , all he has to do is call in and we can trace it . I 've been wanting to ask you something . Why this one ? Why is this case so important to you ? Four years ago , when this case happened it was at a moment in time that Fringe Division had fallen out of favor . The government was siphoning money for things that had more public results . But at a certain point I stopped caring about my profile or promotions I just wanted to make the world a safer place . Anyway ... I became obsessed with this case and for my wife it was the straw that broke the camel 's back . It ended our marriage . I took this job to make the world a safer place for my family . Instead , I lost them . That 's it . Physical representation of the formula . Something wrong ? Could you hold that end please , Peter ? Oh , no . TIMUR - That 's him . - Call Dr. Bishop . This is Agent Broyles . I saw you in the hospital . - I thought you might have . In your message , you said you had new information about the formula . - That 's right . - Have you solved it this time ? - Uh , Peter , we 've got Timur . I need Walter . - He 's right here . Hold on . It 's Olivia . Hello , Agent Dunham . Uh , Walter , have you solved the formula ? Yes . But it 's bad news , unfortunately . I know , like last time , you 're tapping the line . You need 60 seconds , I 'm giving you 10 before I hang up . Don 't make the same mistake again . I believe the Russians tried to remove the organism from the cosmonaut . They couldn 't . It 's not possible . The two have become one , bonded at a molecular level . They can 't be separated . You can 't kill the organism without killing them both . Agent . I 'm going to hang up now . We have the answer , Timur but I don 't think it 's the one you wanna hear . I 'm afraid your brother , and whatever 's inside of him have become one and the same . But the people I work with if anyone can help your brother , they can . But we 'll need to see your brother . Timur ? Timur ? I don 't want him harmed . Just 10 more seconds . Tell me where you are , Timur . I 've managed to keep it at bay . He 's not going to hurt anyone else , for now . We 'll take care of him . I want this to end as much as you do . But you 've got to tell me where you are , Timur . You can trust us . Timur . Timur . I 've got him . His line 's still open . Start triangulating the position . Van door is open . He 's moving his brother . Hold on . Let me help you with that . Pupils dilated . His breathing is normal for a coma . What 's with all these jumper cables ? Agent Broyles said that Timur was certain he could contain it . Perhaps so by administering electric shocks , distressing the cosmonaut . - Well , it didn 't work . Hmm ? It killed Timur . How will you contain it ? Before it kills again . Well , I imagine we would need a lead case for starters big enough for his entire body . - Oh , no . - What 's wrong ? But before we attempt anything we must wait until the shadow returns to the cosmonaut . There 's no radiation , which means the organism is here but it 's already projected the shadow elsewhere . Timur could contain it by distressing the host . Could you draw the shadow back doing the same thing ? - Walter ? - Hmm ? Is that possible ? I don 't know how it behaves . But it could work . Since they 're connected . I don 't know . Theoretically , yes . If you hurt the host , you hurt - It 's out there . Think you could try ? Yes . Yes . Yes . He doesn 't belong , we don 't want his kind . Get rid of him . I may have a different color , but I 'm still a lion like you . - Walter ? This equipment , it 's in Russian . Stand back . Tara ! Hey , what 's wrong ? What happened ? Hey . Tara ? There was a man . A shadow man . He disappeared . - Phillip . - Hi . The kids aren 't here . They , uh , went over to Sadie 's . Actually , I came to talk to you . I just wanted to tell you that , uh ... - Hey , Phil . - Hey , Rob . I closed that case . The one four years ago . I 'm happy for you . I mean that . Thank you . Do you wanna come in , have some dinner with us ? No . I , uh ... I 'll let you get back to your dinner . Good night , Diane . Good night , Phillip . Agent Broyles . You 've got a real friend in Senator Van Horn . Is that so ? When the CIA says " cease and desist , " we kind of mean it . A person could get into a lot of trouble . I guess I should thank Senator Van Horn then . Understatement . So this thing there isn 't going to be any report , right ? Hey . What did you guys do with him ? The cosmonaut . We had no choice . Once he started breathing again .
