 The Night of the New Moon The Night of the New Moon The Night of the New Moon The Night of the New Moon The Night of the New Moon The man running was the helicopter pilot who was shot through the shoulder during the previous day 's operation . ... as if he could brush aside his injury by willing the pain into submission . Shirasu 's viewfinder couldn 't tear itself away from the sight of his tenacity . Everything inside her lens had changed . The same scenery as yesterday now looked completely different . Because she now knew that this place was a battlefield . Good morning ! Good morning . that reminds me . Thank you for what you did yesterday . Is your arm all right ? because I received the proper treatment . It is as good as new . We 've been detecting it intermittently for the past 10 seconds . vehicle-mounted SAMs . How in the world did they get them to a gorge like this ? it 's not out of the realm of possibility to transport them by horse . It 's a radar wave . and the waveform is typical of the SA-18 's search radar pattern . So are you trying to tell me that this recent activity was carefully planned out ? We 've picked up metallic armor plating signatures in six locations . One of them coincides with the location that our chopper was attacked from . So this site has extensive defenses in place ... Can you tell how heavily defended they are ? Analysis of the synthetic aperture radar returns suggests an armor thickness of roughly 50mm . That 's on par with a light tank ... Our largest problem is these anti-aircraft emplacements on either side of the gorge . ... meaning that attack helicopters could make it in . ... that changes things completely . ... a standoff attack by Comanche-launched Hellfire missiles as originally planned won 't be possible . So their conclusion was to switch to a heliborne HAVWC parachute drop . ... they 're like the Invisible Man to radar . no way are they gonna spot ' em . is tomorrow night . Tomorrow night is the only time we can possibly carry out the operation . Tomorrow ? But that presents a ton of problems . and they 're sitting behind armored defenses . To neutralize them we 'll need some long-range firepower that packs a serious whallop . Our battle is already underway . I put in a request to Subasci for a sniper cannon . ... this place was one of many waystations . The fact that the city is built along an east-west axis seems to be a vestige of the city 's divided historical background . Dominating the east side of the city is Ru Pou Temple . And dominating the western side was the Kufura House . a living goddess . The sniper cannon is a long-range anti-materiel rifle developed for use by the HAVWC . it 's an anti-armor rifle . ... this sniper cannon has a large bore size of 40mm . ... we can expect a penetration power on par with old 105mm tank cannons . Miss Shirasu ... Are we getting too technical ? that 's okay . right ? go on . I want to document everything you do that goes into it . can the HAVWC withstand the recoil when it fires a cannon of that power ? and we 're arming it with what 's basically a tank cannon . It might be blown away by its own cannon before it can do the same to the insurgents . that 's a very real risk . the long-range firepower of the sniper cannon is absolutely essential to neutralize the targets from a distance . I can 't push back the operation . ... missing the opportunity presented by the new moon would be ... Understood . They say they will deliver it to us within 30 hours . 30 hours ... That 's cutting it so close that there might not be time to run any test firings . I don 't want to let the time go to waste while we 're waiting for it to arrive . I 'd like to begin testing the HAVWC 's recoil endurance by using hot-load grenades that have been boosted to match the sniper cannon 's firepower . Shirasu couldn 't help but stare in amazement at the mental resilience of the special forces member who returned to duty the next day after being seriously wounded . It 's just like being out at sea on a ship . right ? that tenacity wasn 't the only thing that Shirasu 's lens stared at . The hardest thing to deal with is the altitude . so you can 't use regular cookware . ... even when you 're boiling rice . we 're really just cooking for each individual . but Lt. Eversalt has a serious sweet tooth . The Commander has a sweet tooth ? especially for things like tarts . And Lt. Olowokandi loves Japanese food . But I guess it 's Lt. Ichiyanagi who 's the strangest of them all . no matter how trivial it is . He doesn 't eat ? He goes off on missions on an empty stomach ? - That 's right . - Do you think it 's nerves ? I don 't think that 's it . I think it 's because people are so delicate . like me . + 20 . - We 're okay . - Roger . somebody 's down there . It 's Shirasu . Tell her to get clear ! She 'll be fine that far away . that 's all . It 'll just make her jump a little . Don 't say I didn 't warn you . Are you okay ? miss ? I ... I 'm okay . That 's a relief ! Looks like we gave you a bit of a scare . See ? Huh ? What 's the matter ? she was an outsider . The distance of the camera told the story . It showed the awkward distance between Shirasu and her subjects . Are the pictures no good because she didn 't know how to get close ? all right . I know that it takes more than just physically getting close to your subject . an outsider is an outsider . we keep on snapping away . all we can do is keep our lenses trained on our subjects . We have faith that we 'll be able to get close eventually . That we 'll be accepted by our subjects . a load in excess of 20 tons is generated for a split second . it is believed that the temperature of the leg dampers will climb to a maximum of 400 degrees . It 's true that we can decrease the recoil significantly by lengthening the suspension travel . But that 's only if you 're willing to accept the tradeoff in cannon accuracy it 'll cause . ... we would be able to fine-tune the various data . I hear that you were given an initiation at the test range . Mr. Olowokandi ! Everyone is curious about you . About the charming photographer who has come from the outside world to visit us . Sorry about earlier . Are your ears okay ? that 's all . the Kufura represents that of yang . ... the earliest form of Kufura worship was already widespread among the people . the two religions complementing one another . Almost like Shinto and Buddhism in Japan . is that the blending that occurred with Shinto and Buddhism never happened here . My camera was drawn to this goddess who is Ru Pou 's counterpart . My camera introduced me to an unexpected person . A young woman who used to be the Kufura . Sorry about earlier . The blast was a lot bigger than I thought it would be . Most special forces missions aren 't the simple sort of things you find in textbooks . that 's when it 's OUR turn to try . even you can probably tell how crazy it is to try this . It 'll probably be wrecked after just one shot . I don 't think it 'll damage the HAVWC itself ... Are you saying that ... Weren 't you listening ? This isn 't an operation that you 're gonna find in any textbook . Our plan of action is composed of two phases . The first is a drop by airborne transport into the Zone . The second is support fire provided by sniper cannon from that position . I want you to take this support attack mission since you have experience firing the sniper cannon . locked . 560 hectopascals . sir . Roger . Kufura worship one example of goddess worship where a virgin is treated as a living goddess and worshipped . a girl is chosen from the Uddiyad caste and dwells in the Kufura House as a living goddess . ... and the old one is sent home as an ordinary human . I often stared out at this hill . here I am standing on that same hill . I get the feeling that my old self is watching me up here . The Kufura doesn 't normally show herself . But the time of the new moon is special . the Kufura goes out into the human world . so you might get the chance to see her . ... she wanted to go to school and study . Well ? How are the repairs coming along ? but we 'll have it ready in time . I still can 't believe that it was the frame that failed ... Does this mean that we can 't use the sniper cannon ? they 'll hold up . the aim won 't be as precise . it should make the targeting easier . ma 'am . But that will put him close to the firing range of those machine cannons . are you trying to get into a shootout with those things ? then ? see ? I mean a proper meal . This IS proper . But ... We have 30 hours to completely repair the HAVWC before we move out . we have to tweak the damper settings . much less sit down to eat . I don 't know what Shirasu was feeling at that time . Maybe it was the gravity of the situation as each of them was absorbed in his duties . be careful with that ! You gonna pull an all-nighter with us ? That 's right . same as always . ... a final consensus was reached . The official signing of the peace accord will be held in 10 days ... on August 21st . ... and terrorist acts by insurgents have fallen to 1 / 5 last month 's numbers . Law and order is being restored ? Are we talking about the same country here ? Keep your camera trained on the maintenance crew as they work through the night . That was the message that Shirasu sent to herself . that was her reply . Miss Shirasu ? Here . Thank you . It 'll be morning soon . You should get some rest . I 'm fine . 18 hours to go ... Time was flying by . What her camera was capturing was pictures of people who were desperately trying stick to the roadmap was laid out on a whim by the powers that be . Pursuing all the while the fragmented peace that lay ahead like the image at the end of a kaleidoscope . 48 minutes behind schedule ... people ! I 'm calling off the test firing ! How are the HAVWC repairs coming ? We 'll have everything finished inside of two hours . ma 'am . Understood . It is the power of rebirth that is sought in the Kufura . To breathe new heavenly life into the earthly death that is brought about by Ru Pou . when the moon 's life ebbs completely . these are the two times when the Kufura conducts a rite in the courtyard to offer up her own life to the heavens . the secret door that was opened to guide the Kufura 's power . but the memory of her reverberated inside me . The girl who had stood on the hill and looked back at her old self offered up her prayers to the new Kufura . I forgot why I was trying to see the Kufura in the first place . she thanked me . " For what ? " I asked . For taking pictures of my country . Thank you . Shirasu realized that she could be seen in the shot . Nah . It 's fine . Lifting off . the second act was about to begin . just one is enough . I want to see a beautiful light . ... I don 't need anything else . Please don 't let me be swallowed up by sadness . Please let me have some purpose in my stride . ... wish for a light to erase the shadows that have come upon us . I 'm pierced by the pain of losing a little bit of myself . ... and I 'm able to wait for the stars once again . Presented by Gray _ Phantom # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon Presented by Gray _ Phantom # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon Next Time 0 0 5 Hyperbolic Curves \ h in the Nights \ h Next Time 0 0 5 Hyperbolic Curves \ h in the Nights \ h The girl thanked me for taking pictures of her country . But what kind of future does it have ? Nothing but tragedy ever happens here ! fine . I 'll take pictures of everything . we 'll keep on pressing the shutter button .
