 270 ) } Reactivation 290 ) } Reactivation 314 ) } Reactivation 338 ) } Reactivation 355 ) } Reactivation ... the morning light first touches the fingertips of the goddess ' outreached hands . But the residents of this country never see that light . Because they 're still gnawing at the scraps of their dreams down in the shadows of the mountains . Miss Shirasu . Miss Shirasu ? - Yes ? - We 're in sight of the base . We 'll be landing soon . long sleep . Sure ... either . - She didn 't take any fire . - There might be stress strain in the frame . Get backups of the combat data . I 've already put in a request with Staff Headquarters to verify the source of our intel . Put in an additional request that they determine how the Flag 's signal was decrypted ASAP . I bet the loss of a HAVWC was as unexpected to the people at Command HQ as it was to us . I think the biggest shock was for Lt. Ichiyanagi and Lt. Nikkanen . they had to destroy one of our own HAVWCs . the cordon around the air strike targets hadn 't been lifted . this has nothing to do with maintaining law and order . It 's to keep an inconvenient truth away from the prying eyes of the world . the people had doggedly begun their march towards the new day . The sight of them spoke volumes . It is said that bombs can never destroy the human drive to survive . the L-T 's decision was the best one she could 've made in those circumstances . But the person who was actually down there in the thick of battle was Ichi . That 's why she accepted Ichi 's judgment call . She can do that because she has faith in Ichi . Faith ? yeah ... It 's no exaggeration to say that everything we do is built on a foundation of mutual trust . too . It 's only when soldiers have faith in their orders that they 're able to fight in extreme situations . just like an F1 racer has faith in his mechanic . Everyone tries their hardest to live up to the faith that others put in them . But the notion of an operation being influenced by the decisions of soldiers on the ground would have been unthinkable once upon a time . ... warfighters who do nothing but follow orders simply can 't cut it . I see that there are a lot of you here this morning ... the investigation report on yesterday 's attack by the UN Observer Force ... a UNF press conference was held in Subasci just like any other morning . densely populated residential areas in the old city were hit . Wasn 't there any damage to the surrounding areas ? The latest precision-guided munitions were used . Collateral damage is completely ... A 500-pound bomb was used to attack the stronghold located beneath Saari ward . it was the homes of carpet weavers and metalworkers that were destroyed . but we do not deal in rumors ... This is no rumor . The question is based on interviews of people at the scene . but I am not at liberty to discuss that at this time . We will take up this topic again later . Wait a minute ! You didn 't answer the question ! You 're running away ? it might have been a repeat of the same old scene as always . However ... That was the sound of the gauntlet being thrown down . The sound echoed powerfully in my ears . The SDC special forces unit followed the signal of the IC tag imbedded in the Flag and raided the Metazone temple . But the Flag wasn 't there . The Flag recapture operation was forced to start again from square one . Getting enough rest is as important a mission as any other for them . as well . Quantum cryptography was used in the IC tag that had been attached to the Flag . Quantum cryptography is the ultimate encryption . it is impossible to crack it . including how the Flag 's code was decrypted . ... I instructed all staff members that RR was their top priority . that includes you . Get some rest . Thanks for the vest and helmet ! Sure . Is it in really bad shape ? as well as the legs shock absorbers need to be totally replaced . ... so they should arrive with the replacement for Lt. Ichiyanagi 's HAVWC . Are they coming from Subasci ? from Seattle . Same as when we put in that request for the Sniper Cannon . I guess this makes twice ... It 's a drop shipment . Direct to our door inside of 18 hours . 18 hours ! That 's way faster than mail order ... It 's two different things entirely ! my ! - What is it ? You have bags under your eyes . this baby will be as good as new in no time . It doesn 't work the same with people . They 're not something you can just up and fix when something breaks . You really ought to get some sleep . Shirasu decided to get a little sleep after all . I 'm exhausted ... ... the same old cutthroat competition had returned to Subasci . The eyes of the world hunger for fresh news . ... it becomes a thing of the past . That is the one reality for journalists . Keiichi ? You making a documentary about us or something ? I couldn 't let go of the UNF 's recent behavior for some reason . The UNF 's activities around the time of the air strike ? This is a rare sight ... You never come to anyone for help . What are you up to this time ? Have it your way . I won 't ask any questions . But this won 't come cheap . My intuition was whispering to me . It was telling me that something was going on . you 're awake ? Yeah ... You sure you 're all right ? That mandala and IC tag were nothing but decoys . Maybe it was an attempt to buy time . It had been 36 hours since the operation had begun . ... and had never left her post . there have been several things about this incident that don 't add up . ... and why haven 't they made any demands ? what made them decide to steal the Flag in the first place ? ... simply incinerating the Flag then and there would be simpler and more effective . The people who stole the Flag might have a goal other than stopping the cease fire . What we know for certain now is that Ru Pou is involved . I have no idea what that might imply ... All we can do for the time being is wait for more intel from UN headquarters . The Flag is an indispensable icon for the mediation of the cease fire . The people see the hope for peace in this flag . ... we don 't have many reliable sources of information left now . Even so ... we have to recover that Flag no matter the cost . That fact hasn 't changed . this operation ended with ... and you didn 't even recover the FLAG . Right ? the Lieutenant did have to sacrifice his HAVWC . Everyone did everything they could do . No one is to blame . the fault is entirely mine . that wasn 't what I was ... we got off lucky by only losing a HAVWC . the fact that Lt. Ichiyanagi was able to get out in one piece is practically a miracle . ... but we can 't replace a top-notch pilot like Lt. Ichiyanagi . The poor guy 's so frustrated he can hardly stand it . Because the HAVWC that he left out there had been tweaked countless times to custom-fit it to him . from the seat to the control stick . It was like an extension of himself . He must feel like he 's lost a part of himself . too . right ? Right . But he doesn 't believe it in here . They say the HAVWC will be here ahead of schedule . Roger that . the investigation report on yesterday 's attack by the UN Observer Force ... The air strike using smart bombs in Subasci yesterday was aimed at the strongholds of terrorist groups that are holed up in the city . The UNF bombed Subasci ? Looks that way . it ... Is someone you know in town ? yes ... Looks like my intuition hasn 't lost its edge just yet . Mr. Akagi . Your hunch was on the money . Hit ! Bingo ! the UNF 's Subasci HQ sent requests directly to Seattle for weapons deliveries . please . \ h But that 's all we knew . Hey ! Do you still get around by bike ? a bike is the best way to go . ... was guarded with the sort of heavy encryption they use on top secret files . Let me borrow it later . Sure thing ! I came across an interesting tidbit while I was doing my digging . over at Mirbala Gorge ... right ? It 's the stronghold of one of the insurgent groups . there was apparently a clash between them and the UNF at the Metazone Temple ruins . though . it means the UNF launched an attack at the Metazone Temple to the west on the same night they were dropping bombs on Subasci . The UN hadn 't made any official statements about it . but that alone made it fishy . The Flag ... Metazone Temple . Secret weapons shipped in by the UNF ... Weapons that are treated as top secret information ? Top-secret UN files . Here . It 's the scoop of a lifetime . But don 't release them . Not unless something happens to me . Promise me . Shirasu ... Akagi ! okay ? your HAVWC will be here soon . Signing for it isn 't my job . Huh ? But I thought ... tell us what you 're feeling right now . where do you think the Flag is right now ? And your HAVWC ? Please tell us how you felt about the HAVWC that you had to sacrifice . Tell us what you 're feeling right now . Your face seems a little puffy . Did you oversleep ? let 's hear from the woman who took the picture . How does it feel to be on camera ? What do cameras mean to you ? What are you feeling as you wave them around ? It 's here ! The new equipment is here ! let 's go ! I don 't let other people do it for me ! You think it 's like a camera ? the new HAVWC quietly touched down on the battlefield . just one is enough . 0 ) } I want to see a beautiful light . 0 ) } ... I don 't need anything else . 0 ) } " Please don 't let me be swallowed up by sadness . 0 ) } " Please let me have some purpose in my stride . 0 ) } ... wish for a light to erase the shadows that have come upon us . I 'm pierced by the pain ... 0 ) } ... of losing a little bit of myself . 0 ) } ... and I 'm able to wait for the stars once again . 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE \ 3cH080E03 } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ fnBellGothic BT \ b1 } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ b1 \ fnBellGothic BT } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 81 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 \ 3cH142308 } Next Time 0 0 8 XR-2 Longku \ h 81 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 } Next Time 0 0 8 XR-2 Longku \ h The Flag 's whereabouts were still unknown with the signing ceremony right around the corner . ... a bipedal weapon unexpectedly appears . The XR-2 Longku . What does it signify ?
