 270 ) } Capture the Flag 290 ) } Capture the Flag 314 ) } Capture the Flag 338 ) } Capture the Flag 355 ) } Capture the Flag there is a great sense of unease in Subasci ... carried out the attack . and no one is venturing outside . ... and the movement of the citizenry is strictly limited . the UN has yet to make an official statement . It is likely that obtaining information is taking even longer than usual due to the confusion that followed the takeover . ... and is keeping it under close observation . Angra Mainyu has come once again to this land . ... and so men eventually forget their piety ... never to be sated . He will bring destruction once again to this realm in order to purify it . The souls of all the wicked will be driven from the earth . everything was in flux . That was definitely Shirasu that I saw . And I saw something that looked exactly like that two-legged robot weapon ... plain as day . This was no dream or figment of my imagination . and it happened right in front of me yesterday . That was a special forces unit assembled to recover the Flag . When Shirasu got called in ... Could the Flag have already been stolen at that point ? and that 's why she agreed to go along as an embedded reporter ? that means she ... That means she 's a complete idiot ! risking your life over this ? ! It 's from the news staff in the outskirts of Subasci . They say there 's a spike in armed insurgent activity all over ! the UNF said that aggressive actions ... ... and that it will have no significant influence on the progress of the roadmap . huh ? What planet are you from ? we could use it over here . Sounds like their roadmap is nothing but a cracked glass at this point . Wait a minute ... That means we can expect ... We have all the parts we need . Leave everything to me . maybe as early as midnight . Understood . every active insurgent group has begun to move . ... even with the UNF 's command infrastructure back online . Do you suppose that Ru Pou anticipated this situation from the very beginning ? the UNF might have been nothing more than a heavy lid sitting on a powder keg . The signing ceremony was just three days away . The recovery of the Flag was now an absolute must . It was that evening that they received official mobilization orders . Flag Recovery Final Orders . 0000 hours . The signing ceremony had been scheduled to coincide with the celebration of Uddiyana 's traditional Kufura Jayanti festival to mark the birth of the goddess . but the rituals had already begun . How can they all be so calm and composed when their whole country is being turned upside-down ? I think the people are praying because of these times we find ourselves in . These lights are to keep the goddess from losing her way . To pray that she will visit every home . It struck me that these lanterns meant to guide their goddess could also be thought of as a guidepost for their prayers for peace . An underground passage ! There 's got to be a tunnel that leads to Ru Pou Palace ! Get serious ! Do you have a death wish ? I don 't live my life worrying about dying ! it 's all the same in the end . I 'm always serious ! Can I ask you a question ? What is it ? About the moth . a girl would have a hard time accepting that . the moth symbolizes someone who is on a quest for the truth . they fly towards the light even though they 'll get burned by the flame . Most people have something precious to them that they want to protect . People need those things to be happy . But I get the feeling that Lt. Ichiyanagi isn 't like that . He isn 't fighting for anyone . He 's fighting for himself . That 's the feeling I get . Watching the guy breaks my heart sometimes . The thing is ... This might be the only place where he can feel that he 's truly alive . Don 't you think those moths that fly to their deaths are idiots ? I 'm sure that the moth knows what 's going to happen . It knows ... Let 's do this ! Huh ? I thought you would have closed up a long time ago . Today is a special occasion . It is the day of the final showdown . right ? ... " Is this going to be this soldier 's final meal ? wouldn 't he want to eat something from his hometown ? Wouldn 't he want a taste of home ? My head was full of questions like that . the food is not good at all . I looked at it differently . No one knows what tomorrow may bring . we are all the same . it became easy . All I really need to worry about is cooking the most delicious food I can on any given day . THAT is what makes people happy . now THAT I understand ! Miss Shirasu ? A pork cutlet rice bowl ! I have faith that the operation will be successful . Right . I 've been meaning to ask you for a while now ... What in the world is that strange little doll that you always have on your hip ? this ? A good luck charm . you hear ? Got it . Opening # 3 gate point . Roger . with a southwesterly wind at 3 meters / second . lifting off . everyone in Subasci was desperately trying to gather information . I can 't find out anything here ! Do you know what the insurgents are up to ? Pou is repeating the same message again and again . What the hell ? Even the news agency sites are locked down ? ! Where is Keiichi ? There are huge tunnels like this down here ? Yeah . The Geluts built these a long time ago to try to turn Subasci into one big fortress . This way ! What 's that ? Those lights are lanterns meant to show their goddess the way . The Kufura Jayanti festival has already begun . This is as far as I 'm going ! and you should come out behind Ru Pou Palace ! Hey ! Stand by for combat . we 'll make a forced landing in the temple 's central courtyard . Roger . Firing stun grenades . Go ! Touchdown . Touchdown . Enemy troops deploying ahead . Confirmed . Missile radar detected from 2 o 'clock ! Radar waves from 10 o 'clock ! Will now force our way in . Hercus 1 to Skeiron . I 'm in . It looks like they 've made it in . ... it likely means he will violate Potala 's commandments . Ru Pou ! Flag confirmed ! Picking something up from 10 o 'clock ! Insurgents ! Flare grenade ! FLIR is offline ! The Flag is gone ! Two blips from the northeast are headed this way . Believed to be helicopters . They were probably hidden in the mountain region nearby . Skeiron to Hercus . I 'm getting something on the FLIR in front of the temple ! They 're trying to escape ! roger . Moving to intercept . moving to intercept . Enemy insurgents confirmed . Visual confirmation of the two inbound bogeys . the other is an attack helicopter . They appear to be carrying the Flag . I have visual confirmation . It 's a Longku ! Helicopters closing in ! Prevent the choppers from closing in . Keep them from escaping ! Put in a request to HQ to mobilize attack choppers ! Roger . The fight had already started by the time I got there . Those are ... It 's too dangerous for you to stay aboard this helicopter now . Hide in the rocks outside . I 'll be back to pick you up . Hurry ! Right ! I 'm going ! Shirasu ? Shirasu ! Shirasu ! Shirasu ! Run ! Get out of there ! Its armor is different ! I 'm detecting depleted uranium . huh ? Shirasu ! Shirasu ! What the hell would drive you to go this far ? ! Yeah ! Attagirl ! Get the shot ! Take pictures of every last thing you see ! Get the shot ! Don 't let what your heart is screaming get away from you ! Take it ! Lt. Chris ! Mind shaft has been severed . Unit is inoperable . I won 't take my eyes off you ! Lt. Hakan ! I think ... just a little ... I love all you guys ... I really love all you guys . So I 'm gonna get these shots ! Shirasu ! Shirasu ! Senpai ! just one is enough . 0 ) } I want to see a beautiful light . 0 ) } ... I don 't need anything else . 0 ) } " Please don 't let me be swallowed up by sadness . 0 ) } " Please let me have some purpose in my stride . 0 ) } ... wish for a light to erase the shadows that have come upon us . I 'm pierced by the pain ... 0 ) } ... of losing a little bit of myself . 0 ) } ... and I 'm able to wait for the stars once again . 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE \ 3cH080E03 } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ fnBellGothic BT \ b1 } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ b1 \ fnBellGothic BT } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 81 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 \ 3cH142308 } Next Time 0 1 3 Into the Light \ h 81 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 } Next Time 0 1 3 Into the Light \ h The peace treaty signing ceremony was conducted beneath the Flag . Shirasu reaches a milestone in her photography . she was about to set out on a journey ...
