 270 ) } SDC + 1 290 ) } SDC + 1 314 ) } SDC + 1 338 ) } SDC + 1 355 ) } SDC + 1 ... have not taken any overt action thus far . the populace has regained some of its old spirits with the celebration of Uddiyana 's ... for the first time in two years . a message from Ru Pou was sent out to coincide with the ceremony . What 's this feeling in the pit of my stomach ? the likes of which I 've never felt before . This object that was recorded by the HAVWC 's gun camera ... a robot being developed by China . cutting-edge weapon that has yet to be officially adopted come to be here ? ... caused the UNF to do an about-face . ... a P5 member state with rumored ties to Pou put the brakes on the operation . But that wasn 't all . Subasci had sent in a whistle-blowing referee who was entirely out of place . I hear that an investigator has come here from Subasci . Do you think Lt. Nikkanen is going to be investigated for something ? that 's all . He isn 't allowed to have any visitors . isn 't he ? the photographer who took the " Flag " photograph . She 's documenting this operation at the direct request of Command HQ . eh ? when we only had to worry about winning . of possibly violating international agreements . ... we haven 't forgotten that facet of the UNF that is strictly an armed military service . It is for that reason that internal investigations are vital to keep ourselves strictly in line . and the manner in which we conduct ourselves . I take it that you will allow Miss Shirasu to document your review process during this investigation ? of course . There is no reason to try to keep an official investigation under wraps . correct ? Why does Lt. Nikkanen have to be investigated over what happened ? He hasn 't done anything to deserve being confined to quarters . do you ? That is exactly what we are here to investigate . The eyes of the world are on these peace talks . ... there will be Freedom of Information requests for every move the UNF has made . And that includes the Metazone operation . They can 't afford to have the image of their future main-force weapon tarnished . or ... It 's also a way for the General Staff Office to avoid taking responsibility . But why Lt. Nikkanen ? Why ask me ? Because Japan is the UN 's second largest contributor . But what does that have to do with ... He always ends up getting the short end of the stick . Lt. Chris certainly seemed to be in high spirits in spite of that . Are you some kind of moron ? The L-T is angrier than any of us . go to the command center and see for yourself . They 're probably getting started . do you mind if I ... go right ahead . The Captain here gave you permission earlier . I 'd like an explanation . what about the responsibility of the General Staff Office for formulating an operation based on flimsy intelligence ? My subordinate might be brought up on totally groundless charges . Lt. Eversalt ... I want to make one thing perfectly clear . The UN must place the realization of peace above all other considerations . I am absolutely opposed to any actions that might contradict those principles . ... even the noblest of ideals will end up as nothing more than a pipe dream . It 's that sort of self-preservation hiding behind a mask of realism that led to the tragedies of Rwanda and Kosovo . You little ... you 're dismissed . fluff from cotton plants is drifting on the winds . My country is what they call a " failed state . They call it a country without a future . that country is my home . I want it to be an example . To show everyone that even a failed state can achieve peace . That the people of all those so-called failed states out there mustn 't give up hope . It happened on an earlier PKO where we were on a support mission . citizens who supported the government were made to climb into the back . We knew they were being taken away to be executed . But we couldn 't do anything about it . All because orders hadn 't come down from the UNF commanders . I don 't want to watch another tragedy unfold in front of me and do nothing . I 'll never forget the faces of the people in that truck who had no idea what was waiting for them . Pardon my outburst . That 's okay . I think you had every reason to be angry . Everyone who comes here has their own personal sense of purpose . and wanting to protect it . That sort of thing . even if means risking their lives . But not everyone in the UNF harbors the same ideals . but ... Perhaps saying what I did means that I 'm just an unrealistic idealist . I don 't think that 's true . Miss Shirasu ? when you put it like that ... I like to think that I 've been doing it with something in mind ... maybe I 've just been clicking the shutter the instant it occurs to me . Sorry . There 's something that appears to be the Flag in the video feed from Po . so we can 't be certain . But it certainly seems to look like the Flag . We believe that the footage was shot inside the Ru Pou Temple recently . Ru Pou ? the Flag is the only factor that both the people and insurgents have in common that can act as a focal point for the peace movement . Losing the Flag means losing the key to securing the populace 's hearts and minds . Uddiyana will sink into civil war . Ru Pou 's objective all along was to trigger a war that would engulf all of Uddiyana . But why would Ru Pou want a war ? even if they 're in their own country ? The god of destruction who rules over death . The Gelut sect of Theravada Buddhism that Ru Pou leads ... or the Assassins ' Cult . the goddess of rebirth . Uddiyana has seen massacres repeated again and again in the name of these diametrically opposed forces . But we all thought of them as nothing more than folklore from the past . which myth says once ruled this country . sealed away for all time . and it was about to be repeated . ... everyone assumed that orders would come down right away to move out . UN headquarters took no action . they intend to do nothing more than negotiate with the Gelut sect for the return of the Flag . The chances of Pou agreeing to negotiation is practically zero . why don 't we take action ? ! This message can be seen as his opening challenge to create a civil war . the peace process will break down once and for all . sir ! This isn 't some regional militia that we 're dealing with . and it 's being backed by the P5 . But we 're only five days away from the signing ceremony . ... this country will lose for good its one chance to regain peace . We 're the only ones who can do it ! what is it that 's driving you on like this ? Because this is why the UNF exists . because this is what gives my life purpose right now . Their solitary battle had begun . It 's true that their actions would border on disobeying orders . But everyone in the base understood what the unit commander was feeling . but can I count on your cooperation ? ... then what did we come here for in the first place ? I don 't want to stand by and do nothing while a tragedy is unfolding in front of me . Agreed . Um ... Is it okay for me to be recording this ? Miss Shirasu . I want you to document every last detail of what we are about to do here . I want there to be at least one person who knows the truth . Watch everything that we do . Understood . I won 't take my eyes off you guys for a second . L-T . The HAVWCs are too big to check to see if the Flag in Pou Palace is the real thing . In which case ... We just need to do some fine-tuning on her . Lt. Beroqui ... this will give us better cover if we 're going to claim that we 're doing reconnaissance instead of combat . Who 's going to operate it ? It will have to be Lt. Nikkanen . He 's been involved in exoskeleton development from the very beginning . but he 's confined to quarters ... I have a few ideas . he 'll hate us for the rest of our lives . it wouldn 't be the SDC . What about me ? so I guess that makes you our " SDC + 1 . Right ... get to work on prepping the HAVWCs ready to move out . we 'll have to do a quick turnaround . Roger that . get ready to move out ! Our objective is to determine the whereabouts of the Flag . but Pou Temple security is most likely on high alert . avoid combat if at all possible during this operation . you may feel free to abandon the exoskeleton . we 're on the screen ! Of course we are ! though ... What 's with that grin ? Now we 're talking ! We 'll be able to get the pictures we need as evidence with this . so you 'd better not break it ! I haven 't paid off the loan yet ... pass word along to the L-T . Tell her it 's time for Lt. Nikkanen . Understood . Lieutenant ? 2nd Lieutenant ? ! What 's the meaning of this ? so if you 'll excuse us . Do you two have any idea what this means ? ! You 're looking at a court martial for sure ! Getting a record of everything ... What does that mean ? Simply documenting events as they unfold ? Shirasu must have understood what that meant at a time like this . that 's not it . unvarnished look at each person as an individual human . I 'll take care of things after you leave . I 'll make a personal report to Command when the time is right . sir . please have an official HAVWC dispatch order waiting . Moving out . It was an unusually quiet night . my informant contacted ME for a change . We 're about to cross Subasci 's first security line . Descending to an altitude of 15 meters . make sure that your seatbelt is fastened . Right . Mr. Akagi ? He had a surprising piece of information for me . Have you heard stories about a network of secret tunnels that runs under Subasci ? I 've heard rumors about them plenty of times . You 're saying that it 's true ? either . And ? they were suddenly made off-limits . The UNF found them ? I doubt it . our network got a warning . don 't use the tunnels tonight . Who sent you the warning ? Who do you think ? Pou ? Doesn 't that worry you ? The Gelut sect built those tunnels in the first place . To turn this place into a fortress back in the old days . Those guys might be planning to pull something off tonight . Skeiron calling Scout . Beginning countdown in 20 seconds . Counting down in 30 ... Five ... Four ... Three ... Release ! SC1 calling Satellite . No thermal signatures in vicinity of ingress route . either . There are no Longkus waiting along your route . Continue advance . Roger . Now proceeding to target point . Satellite to Skeiron . Commencing ingress . will now provide backup for Satellite 's ingress . Impact . The area around Pou Temple was enveloped by a leaden silence . Something unusual was definitely going on . Interior penetrated . I have your position . Search towards your 2 o 'clock . Roger . I 've located the Thanka in Pou 's footage . a TV crew that was getting footage of UNF headquarters caught the instant of the sneak attack on tape . wait a minute ! Gelut security forces ? No way ! What the hell is that ? ! Confirmed . No doubt about it . It 's the Flag . too . Footage collection complete . Heat source detected at 3 o 'clock ! will neutralize . The images shocked the world . But it wasn 't just the shock of the sneak attack that got me . ... just like the one on the disk that Shirasu showed me . Impact ! Satellite has moved one floor down . then bail out . Bail out ! Make the pickup ! The Gelut attack was meticulously planned . The UNF wasn 't able to hold out even ten minutes in the face of the overwhelming force they brought to bear . ... was completely neutralized by the soldiers that Pou had sent . news of this soon reached the special forces unit . just one is enough . 0 ) } I want to see a beautiful light . 0 ) } ... I don 't need anything else . 0 ) } " Please don 't let me be swallowed up by sadness . 0 ) } " Please let me have some purpose in my stride . 0 ) } ... wish for a light to erase the shadows that have come upon us . I 'm pierced by the pain ... 0 ) } ... of losing a little bit of myself . 0 ) } ... and I 'm able to wait for the stars once again . 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE \ 3cH080E03 } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ fnBellGothic BT \ b1 } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ b1 \ fnBellGothic BT } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 115 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 \ 3cH142308 } Next Time 0 1 1 Reunion Through the Viewfinder \ h 115 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 } Next Time 0 1 1 Reunion Through the Viewfinder \ h which has been taken over . they find their path blocked by Longkus . but ...
