 270 ) } Hyperbolic Curves in the Nights 290 ) } Hyperbolic Curves in the Nights 314 ) } Hyperbolic Curves in the Nights 338 ) } Hyperbolic Curves in the Nights 355 ) } Hyperbolic Curves in the Nights ... I couldn 't get used to how dark the nights are in this city . that darkness started to feel more natural to me . it looks like the Shanghai Club broke up ... I guess they didn 't expect the American military to step in and intervene that blatantly . Real Madrid looks hopeless again this year . I don 't care HOW many veterans they have on the team ... anyway ... are you gonna try to sell our story to Hollywood or something ? I got a title already . " Ants and Candy . I thought I 'd find you here . interviewing other journalists ? there 's no telling what 's gonna happen to this bunch tomorrow . I 'd like to hook up my notebook for a minute . 160 ... Roger that . Now crossing over first caution line . speed 180 . Roger that . Someone I know who works at the base called me up out of the blue . He says there might be a large-scale offensive by the UNF sometime soon . It 's probably a false tip . ... not this close to the signing of the peace accords . But you can 't deny that the insurgent attacks have been growing more intense lately . they could avoid incurring any negative international opinion . I guess they want to wipe out any dangerous elements while they have the chance . their hands will be tied . Checkpoint delta . We 're not picking up any obvious returns at this time . though . We 're about to enter level-one alert airspace . Descend to 100 AGL . Roger . Now going to NOE flight . but it 's the nature of the freelance journalist beast ... not that . Something a lot larger in scale . ... to be incapable of letting even a little scrap of information like that pass us by . Have you guys gotten anything ? all right ... that 's not to say that there 's no expectation on our part ... but it 's exactly the same as earlier . ... that it might turn out to be a mother lode . it 's nothing more than a rumor at this point . Word among the citizens is that ... You 'll look into it for me ? You gotta trust me . I never reveal my sources . it might look like nothing more than the sort of dive bar you see everywhere . this was a command center where intel of all sorts comes to us . This operation is composed of two stages . Lt. Nikkanen 's Hercus 1 will drop onto the cliff edge 2000 meters ahead of the primary target . ... he must destroy these three defensive sites that are trained along his ingress route . ... rendering both their radar and missile sites inoperable . ... at which point ... You don 't need the HAVWCs to detect the Flag 's signal ? We believe that even the small antenna on a reconnaissance UAV should be more than capable of detecting the signal . You 're erasing their markings ? too ? go ahead and leave that one . isn 't it ? Got a problem with that ? Now descending to 100 feet AGL . Ichi and Nik are gonna be cooped up in those cramped cockpits for two solid hours . A little more to the right . The right ! let 's do the back camera next . too ! too ? huh ? good luck . It 's the same spiel as always ... How many times are we gonna have to sit through the same UN announcements ? That last press conference was no different . we have secured approval with all insurgent groups . Are negotiations still underway with the groups that are firmly opposed to the process ? the answer is no . All that I can say at this time is that the United Nations will take a firm stance against any faction whose aim is to create chaos . huh ? they 're gonna use that one little word to write off ... huh ? But do they know how many people have been hurt in the name of the military actions that they call " terrorist eradication " ? I got it ! ... and it sounds like there 's a top-secret e-mail from the UNF that 's going around tonight . that 's right . I need to know what 's in it . but send it to my cell phone . Right away if you can . The warning e-mail is gonna be sent here to us now . Our own battle was now underway . Give me confirmation on the breech locking mechanism . okay . Mechanism operation confirmed . I 'm setting the recoil action suppression program to default . I 'm sending you the data now . data saved . Some members of our merry little band have unique talents . This man is one of them . He 's a pro-level hacker who used to be a technician for a certain IT company . low-paying work . Bunch of morons ... They think this musty old code is any match for me ? baby ... C 'mon ... See that ? See ? You cracked it ? Putting a question mark at the end is insulting . Those lights are from the yurts . Yurts ? Mobile dwellings used by nomads . People even live in places like this ... Entering wireless blackout area in 60 seconds . Switch to laser communications . Roger . I went ... to the United Nation Hotel ... How did it look ? I asked one of the UN 's pet snitches about it . he says there was a warning message that came directly from their UNF supervisor not to go outside tonight . Bingo . ... and the streets are empty . Something 's definitely going down tonight . Tonight 's gonna be a pitch-black night with a new moon . The ghosts are gonna come out ! do you know where they intend to attack ? I 'm already tracking down that information . I 'll see if I can squeeze anything else out of my source . An attack during the new moon ... That 's when I first got a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach . It 's military tactics 101 . Large-scale nighttime offensives tend to take place on nights with no moon . On nights of the new moon . an offensive against terrorist factions will be launched in Subasci . ... but it will also act as a diversion for the operation that we will be conducting . We 've entered the wireless blackout area . everything but short-range laser transmissions will be inoperable . it might be the scent of a scoop that 's whipped this bunch into action . maybe it 's anger . they witness the overwhelming violence that is military force . They 've seen so many people helplessly caught up in that violence that they 're sick of it . ... it doesn 't help if we can 't pinpoint the targets . Nobody said that we can 't pinpoint them . If we take the addresses of people who were rounded up lately by the UNF as terrorists ... we get ... Can you do it right away ? Already on it . this isn 't just to shoot footage . The UN says that they can avoid civilian casualties by using precision-guided munitions . But we know that 's a crock . We know that one of their bombs can easily blow away a whole city block . Got it ! along with C-6 and 7 . They 're hitting four targets in one night ? wait a minute ! That 's ... Scout to Skeiron . Will arrive at target airspace momentarily . Will search for landing area using mapping radar in 0.5 second bursts . we will come in to land . roger . Scout calling Hercus 1 . Transmitting radar image of landing site . roger . we 're going in . Ready . 8 feet AGL . Disengage lock . disengaging arresting rod . Touchdown confirmed . Bugging out . switchover to Mode 2 complete . One of the targets was right next to where that girl 's house is . I flew out into the city . I could only see one thing . Just one . And that was her smile . It 's a UNF security picket . This road that you could pass by without incident just two hours ago had suddenly turned into an impenetrable wall . The UNF is serious ... They 're attacking in the name of peace ? that 's not it . It 's just the delusions of those who have power . Target confirmed . passive array are clear . either . You 're clear . Shirasu ! Under no circumstances are you to go out in front of the HAVWC ! ma 'am ! This is one case where there is no way that I can guarantee your safety . this is not a training exercise or a drill . I know that . I know ... Move to firing point complete . Firing preparations complete . Roger . Scout calling Skeiron . Now launching UAV . Roger that . Release backup . 30 seconds . too . commence attack . as if it was frozen . I called every local informant that I was in regular contact with . I was sure that they 'd know some back-alley that the military hadn 't secured . Because they did this all the time . you called me up over a little thing like that ? just hurry ! these back streets are my specialty . 276 Kelvin . 3 meters per second . 0.3mm per mille . you ... Drone has detected radar waves . We still aren 't detecting the Flag 's return signal . send UAV to opposite side of Metazone . Roger . Adjusting course pattern . Fire . Radar waves terminated . Target appears to be completely destroyed . Continue on to attack target 2 . Roger . Miss Shirasu . They haven 't seen us yet . That isn 't exactly reassuring ... Loading of second round complete . fire ! ... what exactly did she see here ? Moving on to target 3 . Fire ! She 's a goddess who was sent back as a human to this garbage dump of a world . What was that warm light that was still in her eyes in spite of everything ? What does she have such faith in ? I have it . Flag signal detected . What area ? Analysis in progress . The UAV has been shot down . go in . Roger . Scout to Hercus 1 . Hercus 2 is coming down . Load hollow point rounds . Prepare to provide support fire . roger . A HAVWC ... she said ... But what kind of future does it have ? Nothing but tragedy ever happens here ! we 're here . Three seconds to dead angle in enemy defensive fire . You 're in the dead angle . Continue your descent . roger . Continuing descent . 5 seconds ... Three . Two . One . touchdown . Switching to Mode 2 . Loading complete . take out the door . roger . Shit ! Door is open . move out . Roger . ingress successful . Will now begin searching for the Flag . The wind has picked up ... just one is enough . 0 ) } I want to see a beautiful light . 0 ) } ... I don 't need anything else . 0 ) } " Please don 't let me be swallowed up by sadness . 0 ) } " Please let me have some purpose in my stride . 0 ) } ... wish for a light to erase the shadows that have come upon us . I 'm pierced by the pain ... 0 ) } ... of losing a little bit of myself . 0 ) } ... and I 'm able to wait for the stars once again . 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE \ 3cH080E03 } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ fnBellGothic BT \ b1 } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ b1 \ fnBellGothic BT } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 81 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 \ 3cH142308 } Next Time 0 0 6 A Light in the Darkness \ h 81 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 } Next Time 0 0 6 A Light in the Darkness \ h Shirasu experienced combat firsthand for the first time . What she saw in her viewfinder ... ... and the various emotions at work inside each of them .
