 270 ) } Embedded Journalist 290 ) } Embedded Journalist 314 ) } Embedded Journalist 345 ) } Embedded Journalist 365 ) } Embedded Journalist It all began with this picture . The UN and insurgent groups worked together to unfurl this flag over the battlefield . ... everyone was certain that it would awaken a desire for peace . ... became the one and only flag of Uddiyana that day . But this civil war wasn 't such a simple thing . was stolen . was on the brink of failure . they couldn 't make this known to the public . All because of one little flag ... SDC . A top-secret unit formed for the express purpose of retrieving that flag . These were the people who were going to risk their lives for a flag . ... who had taken the flag picture that had set the whole thing in motion . What are they trying to get Shirasu to photograph THIS time ? what are you trying to get on film ? Shirasu 's finger wasn 't able to press the shutter to take any pictures of the squad members as they returned out of the gunsmoke-filled haze . Rain ... it 's me . It 's almost noon . Is something the matter ? Are you feeling all right ? I 'm fine . I 'll be right there . okay ? then ... ... and is situated at an altitude of 2800 meters above sea level . ... the steep landscape that surrounds it makes it into a veritable natural fortress . The volume of chatter in the last 24 hours shows an increase of 160 % over previous levels . we have confirmation that three cargo choppers made an approach carrying what we believe are LD1 containers via sling . Slinging " something is when a helicopter carries something suspended underneath it . ... I suppose they have to rely on transport by helicopter . ... both coincide with the theft of the flag . just in case . ... it 's clear that whoever stole it headed in this direction . Subasci Operations Command has concluded that Metazone Temple was their final destination . we will going to rapid-response level 4 as of today . That 's all for today . It looks like the rain will let up soon . Miss Shirasu . that 's right ... I was just thinking that it would be nice if today went on being quiet and dull . stop kidding around . It 's risky to have your face shown ? What do you think ? ! cautious type ? how did it go ? I 'll talk after you turn that thing off . The reason I got in touch with this old informant after so long was to have him put out feelers to set up a meeting with Nyucient Ru Pou XXIII . ... this country 's most powerful religious authority . it 's common knowledge that it 's entirely up to him whether the cease-fire becomes a reality or falls apart . I knew that meeting with him wouldn 't be easy . Are you kidding me ? That 's a whole year 's income you 're asking me for . and I 'll start making calls . But if you ... Did you record what I said just now ? you might back out on me . you know that ? ... is an " overhang " style temple that is common in this region . The only conceivable approach is a HAVWC parachute drop . you have almost complete control over the direction of your descent . there 's nothing as dangerous as parachuting into enemy territory . exposed and with nowhere to hide . it 's like shooting fish in a barrel . it 'd be simple . and BOOM ! Just blow the whole place straight to hell . We 're gonna get that flag back . You guys are willing to risking your lives to go take back the flag ... I guess the big bucks did the trick . My informant introduced me to the leader of an insurgent group that used to be allied with the Gelut sect . I secured a promise from him to get me an interview with Ru Pou . Do you mind if I sit here ? Sure . your photographs . May I see ? go ahead . this one is beautiful . Wolves . I see that you are more of a photographer than a journalist . a terrible war broke out in my country . taking pictures . ... they simply ignored us and went on taking their pictures . they went home . rude people . don 't you ? Me ! It 's me ! we are both smiling ! A large quantity of materiel has been shipped in over the past few days . how heavily are they armed ? a parachute drop might involve enormous risks . We don 't have enough intel ... We 'll send in a reconnaissance UAV . They still aren 't aware of what we 're up to here . you will fly the reconnaissance drone . Roger . You 'll need to reach the target point before nightfall . You depart at 1300 hours . We 'll provide you with the details later . Commander . what is it ? let me go with them . You want me to let you go ? The Gelut sect is the religious authority that has ruled this country for the past thousand years . the first thing that leaps to many a mind ... one that is veiled in legend . that of an assassin cult which ran rampant in the shadows of history . Even the great Kublai Khan was said to have feared the Gelut assassin cult . ... whose earliest memories would be of the intensive training they received . tahonfu . Irunho ? I asked what his thoughts were on the cease-fire agreement . and he didn 't utter a single word in reply . I was afraid of the subject I was interviewing . my brief interview time came to an end . as planned . let me go with them . You want me to let you go ? I can 't do that . but I can 't guarantee your safety . I can 't put you in danger for no good reason . let me go with them ! I feel like I saw a side of you yesterday that I wasn 't supposed to see . I got scared ... I thought that you all were scary . But I 'm positive that I was wrong . I want to see for myself and understand what it is that you 're risking your lives for . And I want to record it for posterity . I want you to understand that keeping you safe will put them in danger . I 've been given the authority to document all aspects of this operation . let 's let her go . we felt the eyes watching us . We knew that someone was watching . That someone knew what was happening . It keeps us going even now . It is all right . I will vouch for Miss Shirasu 's safety . Lieutenant ... But that is only if she can hold it in and not have to pee until we return to base . then . Thank you ! The Commander isn 't the hard-ass that you think she is . People in positions of authority aren 't like us . We can get away with thinking only of ourselves . Put this on . Just as a precaution . Body armor ? Here . Heavy ! let 's get a picture of you ! that 's MY job ... Lt. Beroqui . Cabin camera check . okay . Forward camera check . okay . Control Base . Takeoff approved . I 'm taking us up . Got it . I didn 't get anything out of Ru Pou at all . This was the high point of my day . We are on station at Mirbala Gorge at 300 . Now beginning low pass . Roger . Sixty seconds to Predator separation point . go . 120 knots . Predator control is nominal . we are receiving Predator data feed . Predator has acquired target . Switch over to FLIR mode as planned . Roger . Target confirmed ahead . Radar waves detected at 11 o 'clock . It 's an anti-aircraft cannon ! Shirasu ! Shit ! They 've got another dead ahead ! Lieutenant ! My left shoulder is hit ... Please take the controls ... I can 't move my left hand . We have to stitch that closed and stop the bleeding . There 's no time . I 'll do it ! You 'll have to stitch it shut . Can you do that ? so ... I think so . ... but the wound it gouged out was several centimeters long . an average person would have passed out long ago from an injury like that . Regret that she pushed aside while she was frantically trying to cope with the situation came flooding out like water spilling over a dam the instant they returned to base . let me go with them . You want me to let you go ? I can 't do that . I want you to understand that keeping you safe will put them in danger . let 's let her go . It is all right . I will vouch for Miss Shirasu 's safety . Thank you for putting down your camera to render assistance . I won 't put you in that situation again . I 'll have the footage that the helicopter 's cameras recorded ready in 20 minutes . I 'm sorry . don 't try to take the picture in the first place . aren 't you ? Just take it . Right ! Shirasu took a picture of a frontline soldier looking directly into the camera . just one is enough . 0 ) } I want to see a beautiful light . 0 ) } ... I don 't need anything else . 0 ) } " Please don 't let me be swallowed up by sadness . 0 ) } " Please let me have some purpose in my stride . 0 ) } ... wish for a light to erase the shadows that have come upon us . I 'm pierced by the pain ... 0 ) } ... of losing a little bit of myself . 0 ) } ... and I 'm able to wait for the stars once again . 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE \ 3cH080E03 } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ fnBellGothic BT \ b1 } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ b1 \ fnBellGothic BT } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 81 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 \ 3cH142308 } Next Time 0 0 4 Night of the New Moon \ h 81 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 } Next Time 0 0 4 Night of the New Moon \ h the goddess Kufura offers up her prayers and her own life for the light to come . On this same dark night an emergency mission soars into the sky with its fangs hidden .
