 270 ) } A Light in the Darkness 290 ) } A Light in the Darkness 314 ) } A Light in the Darkness 338 ) } A Light in the Darkness 355 ) } A Light in the Darkness It was the night of the new moon . ... each of us journalists began to gather intelligence . but it 's the nature of the freelance journalist beast to be incapable of letting even a little scrap of information like that pass us by . SDC special forces unit and Shirasu tracked the IC tag imbedded in the Flag and set out for the Metazone temple . ... the goddess of this country offers up her own life to the heavens to trigger a rebirth . ... the UNF had sown two seeds of destruction . The 500-pound bombs that rained down on the capital city of Subasci . And the SDC unit sent to the Metazone temple . And there alongside them was Saeko Shirasu . Maybe the flowers of peace will blossom from these seeds of destruction if they 're nourished by the life of the goddess . That was my fervent hope . Point zero . Now entering interior . Return signal confirmed . Matching codes ... it 's the Flag 's signal . we will now send you the updated Metazone interior data . update confirmed . Commencing infiltration . I have the results of the magnetic resonance system analysis . There are approximately 126 lifesigns inside . there appears to be roughly two squads on guard . Trap detected at ingress route point 02 . I believe it 's a vibration-sensitive mine . Can you locate it ? Not a problem . Trap signature gone . Lt. Ichiyanagi has successfully infiltrated the temple . It 's okay . I can hear them . Skeiron ! Heat source at 3 o 'clock ! Heat source neutralized . huh ? continue sweep of perimeter . Roger . chasing down our own scoops . Journalists are like hunters who are on the trail of prey . and we pull the trigger . ... then sell it off as a scoop . But tonight ... Something was different about me . it was like I was in a trance . I didn 't know why I had become so frantic . ... I started clicking away without realizing it . She was safe ... ahead and to the right . Roger . D. Smoke ... - 3 . Fire ! Advancing . I guess . This is millimeter-band radar . if it can get its head through . there are lots of obstacles that can 't be picked up on radar . Whether or not they can be avoided is all up to the pilot 's abilities . three ! Lt. Ichiyanagi ? He 's a special case . he blew away all the records . 12 lifesigns detected ahead and to the right . Down . flash . Hercus 2 has penetrated zone 3 . begin providing electronic support for Hercus 2 immediately . Roger . Skeiron to Hercus 1 . Hercus 2 will reach final defensive line momentarily . Begin preparations for support fire . roger . Attack preparations complete . ... unaware of what was happening right next door to them . " No way is anybody gonna be here . speed is a matter of life or death . You sell your scoop to the news outlets as fast as you can . A few seconds can determine whether the same picture will be worth money or worth squat . That 's all part of our job . this guy was there at the bar ... Those bastards went and used 500-pound bombs on this rat 's ass of a city ... Everything was blown to hell . The walls ... The windows ... People 's bodies ... Looks like I wasn 't the only one tonight who didn 't manage to get any pictures to sell . Let 's have a drink to human madness . The most important ability for a special forces member ? Decision-making ability . ... and decide on an appropriate action . I think that ability is what is most important for us . Skill ! You gotta have absolute faith in your skills . no matter how harsh the conditions . Intelligence . but I guess I 'd have to say experience . all other abilities are built on that foundation . The strength to overcome your fear . even if it 's certain death . did you know this ? They say that moths fly into the flame of their own free will . Have arrived at inner temple entrance . Switching to Mode 2 . Switchover complete . Will now penetrate final defensive zone . point + 230 . Reconfirm location . margin of error plus / minus 2 . Number of guards ? Eleven . Most likely a squad . Hercus 2 to Skeiron . Will now break down door . Roger . Hercus 2 to Skeiron . Machine gun rounds aren 't penetrating . Believe door to be an armored bulkhead . Analyzing Hercus 2 imagery . Spectrograph is showing DU lines . DU ? It 's multi-array armor ? machine gun rounds are unlikely to destroy it . Will use high explosive squash head rounds . it 's too dangerous in a confined space like that . Guards have mobilized inside . There 's no time . Hercus 1 to Skeiron . Guards around the ingress entrance have begun to mobilize . Continue containment attack . Hercus 1 's leg dampers have exceeded temperature threshold . understood . Use of squash head rounds is authorized . Roger . three-point burst . Advancing . Wait a minute ... This isn 't the Flag ! How 'd it go on your end ? did you get out any reports ? Yeah . They don 't have all the lines locked down . What I saw at the bomb scene was the same sight that I 'd seen countless times over the years . it was different . What was it that drove me on so strongly ? It was like a faint light . of a ray of hope . are they ? they also utterly destroy everything the future once held for them . Keiichi . Hercus 2 to Skeiron . This isn 't the Flag . It 's a totally different mandala . 4 o 'clock ! Lieutenant ! I 'm all right . lost . evac immediately . What about the Flag ? That soldier who fired a missile at you in such tight quarters knew he was going to die . We aren 't fighting against armed citizens in a simple insurgent group . These people are martyrs who have no fear of death that belong to an assassin cult . Assassin cult ? You mean the Gelut sect ? Exactly . That mandala was the one the Gelut sect uses . but he 's involved in this ... I 'm not detecting the tag signal anywhere ! Further searching is impossible . Evacuate immediately . There 's an armored car at the exit . A BMP-type armored vehicle is trying to block the exit . Shall I destroy it ? Your shock absorbers are already burned out . not in that condition . Guards from the interior are moving out . Four squads have set up along the evac route ! I 'll force my way through . those aren 't ordinary militia members in there . Those are assassin cult warriors who won 't hesitate to blow themselves up if they have to . That 's all right . the HAVWC won 't fall into enemy hands . Lt. Ichiyanagi ! I should be able to take out even a BMP if I hit it repeatedly with cannon rounds . The recoil from sniping without shock absorbers will be too strong . It 's far too dangerous . I have experience with sniping without damper devices . I 'll provide you with instructions on the point and timing of your attack . Roger . we had no way of knowing that another battle was being waged some 400km away from the capital . that Shirasu was accompanying those soldiers . a silence descended on Subasci as if nothing had happened . What we were seeing was a fraudulent stillness . Hercus 2 to Skeiron . Now proceeding to first barricade line . roughly 2 squads . The guards are moving to assemble around the exit . We 'll concentrate our firepower . concentrate your fire on the exit 0.5 seconds after Hercus 1 begins his attack . Roger . attack preparations complete . revise target point . Aim for the nose of the armored vehicle . revising aim for nose of armored vehicle . Hercus 2 to Skeiron . Charging barricade . Commence attack . Go ! Missile radar detected behind you ! Lieutenant ! Lt. Ichiyanagi ! Damage to right leg . Actuator nonfunctional . we will retrieve you . Pop your canopy ! What about the HAVWC ? Hercus 1 will destroy it . Hurry . The guards are heading for the exit . Lieutenant ! Lt. Ichiyanagi retrieved . Will now retrieve Hercus 1 . A darkness piled on darkness in countless layers ... A new labyrinth had opened wide in front of Shirasu . the Flag flies in silence . just one is enough . 0 ) } I want to see a beautiful light . 0 ) } ... I don 't need anything else . 0 ) } " Please don 't let me be swallowed up by sadness . 0 ) } " Please let me have some purpose in my stride . 0 ) } ... wish for a light to erase the shadows that have come upon us . I 'm pierced by the pain ... 0 ) } ... of losing a little bit of myself . 0 ) } ... and I 'm able to wait for the stars once again . 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE \ 3cH080E03 } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ fnBellGothic BT \ b1 } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ b1 \ fnBellGothic BT } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 81 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 \ 3cH142308 } Next Time 0 0 7 Reactivation \ h 81 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 } Next Time 0 0 7 Reactivation \ h The Flag retrieval operation was unavoidably put on hold . ... and I was finally becoming certain that Shirasu was at the heart of it .
