 270 ) } Yurts and the Land 290 ) } Yurts and the Land 314 ) } Yurts and the Land 338 ) } Yurts and the Land 355 ) } Yurts and the Land The UNF was devoting all its resources to tracking down the group that attacked its base . But it 's no simple matter to track helicopters that are flying at nap-of-the-earth altitude . They say that an investigator from HQ 's lnternal Audit Group is being dispatched here . We lost a HAVWC in the Metazone temple operation . Was it the right decision ? Did anything improper take place ? it 's a voluntary investigation . The L-T is worried that Command will try to make Lt. Nikkanen into a scapegoat . A scapegoat ? that would mean that the root cause for the Flag recovery operation 's failure lies in the operation itself . the General Staff Office . So to evade responsibility ... They 're going to pin the blame on Lt. Nikkanen ? ! How can they do that ? ! I have no objections to everything going on the record . huh ? The L-T is mad ? This might turn into a full-blown storm . Can 't say I blame her . another problem was taking place in the medical room . You 're sending him back home ? Is that safe ? His wounds aren 't so severe that he has to stay in bed . The shock of combat seems to be the most pressing problem at this point . The man who was hurt when caught in the crossfire during the previous day 's battle steadfastly refused to accept treatment at the base . the decision was made to send the nomad man back to his family . I bet you didn 't know this about Lt. Nikkanen . He 's a certified nurse . I guess you really can 't judge a book by its cover . do they have a doctor out there ? practicing traditional medicine . This sounds kind of fishy . Are you sure it 's safe to leave him in that guy 's hands ? so I think so . it 's what the patient wants . huh ? That 's how they make felt from sheep 's wool . Felt ? The yurts are made out of that . They hang up lots of layers of that across the exterior . so yurts are made of wool ... they might not survive . so people age a lot faster than they do in the city . you get these wide open skies . but I guess that 's because they 're used to digital cameras . I 've noticed some unsettling movements lately . I thought it was a strange thing to do at a delicate time like this . I took these at the old Subasci International Airport . These are recon planes . there have been 28 flights in the past three days alone . It wasn 't just recon flight activity that had grown more active . too . Well ? He took his pulse and examined him . though . They say that he is called Dr. Tson . He says that you should go away now . go away ? we know where we 're not wanted . He says he wants IBH charts and heparin transfusion packs . IBH charts ? Wrong . What I asked for was IVH catheters and heparin . you can speak our language ! But neither of those is necessary to treat this man . They aren 't for him . I have another patient who needs them . I understand . I 'll try to work something out with the Medical Division . Hakan ! these are for me ? Maybe they 're to thank you for helping that man . I bet they are . But he was hurt because of us in the first place . don 't you ? the people here have such great faces . but not until tomorrow morning . It 'll have to do . It 'll have to do " ? Does that mean you 'll be coming here again tomorrow morning ? so is it okay if I stay here until tomorrow ? All right . ... but it sounds like her stomach is hurting really badly . it only hurts a little . Would you mind looking after her until tomorrow morning ? Just a little . All right . If I have to . Official orders have come down for me to return . The investigator is already waiting for me at the base . Don 't worry . I 'll come to pick you up tomorrow morning . you hear ? Nothing ... Every web site I 've tried has been quiet since this morning . No luck . I 've gone to every last guy I know with ties to Pou . Looks like something really did happen . They 've all gone into hiding like snakes hibernating in winter . it seems like the flow of intel is being blocked somewhere . maybe Shirasu managed to get away ... if only for a fleeting instant . the pain is just about gone . I 've gotten much better . It doesn 't hurt anymore . I won 't know that until I take a look at you . so I 'm responsible for you . Step inside . Pardon me ... Are those medicinal herbs ? That 's right . Carry this outside . What about my diagnosis ? There 's nothing wrong with you . I 'm not some quack who would fall for an obvious lie like that . carry this outside ! you knew I was faking ? then ? I could use you for manual labor . huh ? How long have you been doing this ? For a long time . There isn 't a single person around here who doesn 't know me . all better now ! Let 's go . carry this . what ... House calls . Namaste ... She wants to know where you come from . I 'm from Tokyo . She isn 't doing well ? Old-timers are tough . but she doesn 't complain at all . We 'll check in on her again on our way back this evening . too ? I treat it . That stuff I was carrying was medicinal plants for cows ? it 's a yak ! eat up . Put that down and give me a hand . sir . eat ! He doesn 't want to . I don 't care if he doesn 't ! This is medicine ! you 've got to eat ! Hold him ! Hold him down ! like it was holding its breath . This stillness in the air had been there since before the cease fire . we had yet to capture the dark shadow of legend in our viewfinders . She 's asking where you come from again . ma 'am . I 'm from Tokyo ... what kinds of good things have happened to you in your life ? she says . Does she have any pictures ? She says the images are burned into the inside of her eyes . It 's the same with pictures . it becomes the past . But having lots of happy pasts means that you 've had a good life . Dr. Tson ? That 's my father and me . And the woman ? She 's the old woman you met today . She was so pretty ! and everyone ends up looking like that . Pictures can be cruel sometimes . That 's not true ! This is a lovely memory ! Put that camera down and come eat . You never sit still ! my father and the old woman were childhood friends . I don 't know anything more specific than that . But that old lady was so beautiful and full of life ... she 'd take your breath away . She fought with her first husband and broke up with him . ... and she never saw him again . huh ? Yes ! - It 's sheep 's eyeball . - I know ! maybe my father was in love with the old woman . I inherited the job of caring for her . I 'm stuffed ! Thanks for dinner ! Are you paying attention ? Dr. Tson ? ... so I studied modern medicine in America . that 's why . ... so you had us completely fooled . I had a blind devotion to the medical technology of advanced countries . But what I saw while I was there was people who were being kept chained to this life by machines and medicine . ... then maybe what Ru Pou said was right all along . Do you know Ru Pou ? I used to be his chief physician . You were ? He was also the one who sent me to America . He probably did it to show me that the slow death of the spirit was far more terrifying than the physical death of the body . right ? People each have their own places where they live . and so on . So each of them has their own way of living and of dying . it should be just us old-timers who get sentimental over the past ! You keep on snapping away ! Keep taking pictures of everything you see around you ! and you get all rugged on us ! Where 'd you get that cut ? Um ... Long story . Where 's Lt. Nikkanen ? He 's being questioned . huh ? We lift off in ten minutes . Get ready to go . everybody ! Line up ! where are you going ? now ! here we go ! Cheese ! I found out that the catheters and medicines Dr. Tson asked for are powerful tranquilizers used on patients in the final stages of cancer . I don 't think that old lady has very long to live . but she decided against it . it becomes a thing of the past . ... ready and waiting for that next instant . just one is enough . 0 ) } I want to see a beautiful light . 0 ) } ... I don 't need anything else . 0 ) } " Please don 't let me be swallowed up by sadness . 0 ) } " Please let me have some purpose in my stride . 0 ) } ... wish for a light to erase the shadows that have come upon us . I 'm pierced by the pain ... 0 ) } ... of losing a little bit of myself . 0 ) } ... and I 'm able to wait for the stars once again . 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE \ 3cH080E03 } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ fnBellGothic BT \ b1 } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ b1 \ fnBellGothic BT } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 81 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 \ 3cH142308 } Next Time 0 1 0 SDC + 1 \ h 81 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 } Next Time 0 1 0 SDC + 1 \ h one that borders on insubordination . Shirasu finally begins to closely identify with the unit when they make their decision to fight alone .
