 270 ) } Portrait 290 ) } Portrait 314 ) } Portrait 345 ) } Portrait 365 ) } Portrait The reason that this UNF training base was chosen as a forward base for the flag retrieval operation is primarily geographical in nature . It 's because it 's located within 200km of the insurgent group 's stronghold . ... that makes this an essential factor . ... which makes it highly advantageous for us in terms of maintaining operational secrecy . but it 's being kept quiet ! I 'm under no obligation to answer speculation . the roadmap to a cease-fire is proceeding at full pace . These so-called " obstacles " that you refer to do not exist . What about the reports of Rapid Response Forces from the US being prepared to move out ? huh ? Wouldn 't that mean that the cease-fire hasn 't been completely accepted ? Even these guys have to know it . They have to know how fragile the bridge they 're trying to build is . and the whole thing comes tumbling down . It all goes to pieces . I promise to cooperate as much as possible . But it 's another story if it might hinder the progress of an operation . and weapons systems . OK . Data flow confirmed . watch your step ! I 'm sorry . am I right ? they 're all nothing more than vehicles that people control . But this baby is different . It 's not a vehicle ? This system was built around the principle of amplifying human functions . it 's a weapon that 's closer in concept to an exoskeleton than a vehicle . it 's capable of dealing with any weapon system out there . we have its ancestor here . Let me show you . Exoskeleton EX101 . ... and it can reduce a 60kg load down to 2kg as it faithfully matches any human movement . It 's an exoskeleton-model drive system . The Metazone Temple ruins . This is the insurgent stronghold that we believe the flag was ferried to . How does the chatter volume look ? Ma 'am . This is a picture of the area around the Metazone target area that was taken 26 minutes ago . two more guards have been added to their security detail . that makes a 53 % increase in security personnel alone . nothing stands out . there has been a spike in the amount of encrypted comm traffic . You even know what kind of communications they 're using ? The Echelon System . I assume that you 've at least heard the name before ? right ? What 's that ? These were picked up from all of the vehicles moving through a specific area of Uddiyana . You can even monitor cars ? If we use spy satellite imagery and the synthetic aperture radar ... it 's not all that difficult to do . We can do more than cars . We can even monitor the movements of people . What did I tell you ? Even climbing a few stairs like this makes you run out of breath . Are you worn out from Prof. Beroqui 's lecture ? N-No ... and you 're treated to scenery like this ... journalists come from all over the world . there 's always a seedy dive somewhere where these moths called journalists gather . - Hey ! - Akagi ! Hey ! Keiichi ! - Over here ! I heard that you wouldn 't let up on him again today . It 's my nature . man . Rumor has it that the military 's been listening in on our information lately . ... all your work will be for nothing . They keep talking about this " roadmap " while they 're making backroom deals to sell this country out at the same time . I 'll give you that . But this cease-fire is just them using Pou 's influence to suppress discontent . this country has come to be dominated by a religious group called the Gelut sect . Nyucient Ru Pou XXIII . The religious leader who presides over the Geluts . ... a living god on earth . ... and what 's he trying to use it for ? Leaving so soon ? Those are the questions that my interest was being drawn to . a small country located in just about the middle of Asia . This historically prosperous country that was once a trade hub along the Silk Road was faced with crisis at the end of the 20th Century . the major world powers began to meddle in the country 's affairs using overwhelming economic power . ... meddling with their gods provoked resistance among its people . the civil war remains a stalemate . led by Ru Pou ... And there is one other living god present in this country . the sacred virgin who was offering up her prayers behind the flag that Shirasu shot in her picture . That reminds me ... Shirasu . and what 's she taking pictures of right now ? Is that the unit number ? ... it would cause an international incident if it 's ever captured . Want to give it a try ? Are you sure ? Be my guest . It happened as my camera was rolling when I was out trying to get pictures of Ru Pou . Keiichi ... The man who lived in this room was a local journalist that I was acquainted with . They say that he died instantly . But it wasn 't just the life of a single journalist that was lost that day . All of the information that this man risked his life to get was also turned to ash in an instant . The UNF wrote off the attack as a case of friendly fire . the intruding force is comprised of ... and 6 High Mobility Vehicles . two have been confirmed to be equipped with Milan-type launchers . Is Ohama Base saying that they 're headed our way ? ... they will probably access either Point A or B by cutting across this base . huh ? or drug smuggling to acquire war funds . not now . What do you want to do ? ... it wouldn 't be necessary to deploy the HAVWCs . how to neutralize them without giving them time to signal for help ? I see ... So their conclusion is that the only thing capable of achieving that goal is the HAVWCs . ... so I hardened up the damper settings by 20 points . I 'll handle the switchover timing myself . Leave it set to manual . that 's his ... not to the very end . either . Not as long as I still have the strength left in this finger to keep clicking the shutter . We move out in 30 minutes ! check ! Everything is running properly ! spare batteries ! You 're going to attack ? But the UN charter says ... I know that . The UN doesn 't recognize preemptive attacks under any circumstances . these are our final orders from Subasci Command . I 'm going to insist that you stay behind this time . let me go with you ! I have the right to document what happens ! please ! but bringing along someone who can 't protect herself on the battlefield would only make the mission that much more dangerous . Shirasu had no choice but to give in to the commander 's demands in exchange for all of the footage that they would take during the battle . all green . I think you should probably avoid interviewing them . Target acquired 12 klicks ahead of Hercus 1 . wasn 't it ? Our primary objective was carried out . target is completely stationary . I 'm picking up radio chatter . Looks like they 're starting to set up camp . detach . touchdown . touchdown . Switching over to standing mode . SDC has taken the first step ... Target acquired ! ... in the battle for peace . Lt. Hakan ! Lt. Hakan ! The HAVWC control system gives you direct feedback on the combat situation . Their expressions shown in the lens said it all . Shirasu was conflicted . She was terrified when she learned the true identity of the opponent that she would soon have to face . But Shirasu wasn 't the only one experiencing fear or conflicted emotions . They weren 't just pedalling frantically to cool down their severely strained muscles . It was also to mentally fight the reality that they had experienced . As well as their sense of themselves as human beings that they couldn 't let go of . Shirasu fired off one picture . It was a picture of Shirasu herself . just one is enough . 0 ) } I want to see a beautiful light . 0 ) } ... I don 't need anything else . 0 ) } " Please don 't let me be swallowed up by sadness . 0 ) } " Please let me have some purpose in my stride . 0 ) } ... wish for a light to erase the shadows that have come upon us . I 'm pierced by the pain ... 0 ) } ... of losing a little bit of myself . 0 ) } ... and I 'm able to wait for the stars once again . 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE \ 3cH080E03 } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ fnBellGothic BT \ b1 } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 238 ) \ cHFEFEFE } Presented by Gray _ Phantom { \ fs24 \ b1 \ fnBellGothic BT } # Gray _ Phantom @ rizon 81 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 \ 3cH254010 } Next Time 0 0 3 Embedded Reporter \ h 81 ) \ fnBellGothic Blk BT \ b0 } Next Time 0 0 3 Embedded Reporter \ h Regret that she pushed aside while she was frantically trying to cope with the situation came flooding out like like water spilling over a dam the instant they returned to base . Shirasu took a picture a frontline soldier looking directly into the camera .
