 Previously on Fringe ... A series of events has occurred . It 's been referred to as " the pattern . " Anybody you need , you can have . His name 's Walter Bishop . He worked out of Harvard , in an area called fringe science . Certain private individuals have been granted clearance regarding the pattern , including Nina Sharp . Massive dynamic is one of the ten largest economic entities in the world . No matter where my investigations take me , they always come back here . You should know what you 're getting into , agent Dunham . Get out of the car ! Hands on your head ! This is officer Williams . Hostage appears unharmed . I said get out of the car , now ! Step away from the car . Then on your knees . You okay ? You have no idea what you 're dealing with . Is that right ? What the hell are you doing ? Gibson , I 'm talking to you . _ . • ´ ¯ ¯ LIAISON ¯ ¯ ` • . _ ¯ ` • . _ _ Team _ _ . • ´ ¯ Retrouvez-nous chaque semaine ... pour découvrir les énigmes de Saison 2 Épisode 07 - Of Human Action - Bon épisode ... We 're running the security photos through facial recognition software . We should have the kidnappers ' names within the hour . Preliminary ballistics confirms that officer Williams fired all three shots . - Including the one that killed her ? - Self-inflicted . As far as we can tell , the kidnappers don 't even have guns . - Who 's the kid ? - Tyler Carson . 15 years old . According to NYPD , he disappeared 36 hours ago . They 're still running leads . Remember that conversation we had about personal space ? I 'm bored . No cadavers at this crime scene . Or food . Walter , they 're transferring the bodies to your lab now . There 's no need ... I 've already formed an hypothesis as to what happened here . Mesmerism . Hypnotism . The victims have obviously been subjected to subliminal suggestions of a violent nature . Hypnosis can 't make you do anything that you don 't want to do . Take a look at this . The kidnapped kid 's father ... he works for Fleming-Monroe . The aerospace division of Massive Dynamic . I already have a call in to Nina Sharp . Ms. Sharp 's office is right this way . Dr. Carson is in there waiting with her now . Miss ? The screen in the elevator said there are 73 laboratories . Is that right ? It 's amazing . Dr. Carson , why didn 't you call the police sooner ? I didn 't even know he was gone until I got the call from them ... The men who took him . Tyler and I don 't talk much . I just figured it 's because of his age . You know what teens are like . I guess that 's just an excuse , isn 't it ? So what did the kidnappers say ? Just to wait for further instruction . Ms. Sharp , the two men identified in those photographs , are you absolutely certain they have no connection to your company ? We cross-referenced their names with our employee database . Patrick Hickey and Tom Dobbins have never worked for us , And they 've had no peripheral involvement with any of our clients or partners . According to the police , they 're used car salesmen . There 's been no indication of their demands ? No , not yet . So is it possible that these men are trying to extort secrets from Massive Dynamic ? We have come to the same conclusion . Well , would you care to share what kind of secrets ? Dr. Carson performs sensitive and highly-classified work on military aircraft designs , piloting software , guidance systems . What I do here , it 's my life . It 's the only ... Tyler 's mother died when he was just a boy . And now if ... if I lose him , I don 't know what I 'd do . I 'll get him . Excuse me . Dr. Carson , we will do everything we can to try and find your son . What are you doing ? Massive Dynamic ... It was just a name until now . Did you know that I once shared a laboratory with William Bell ? You might have mentioned that once or twice . Look how much he 's achieved . You know , he introduced me to her . To whom ? Your mother . After the neurobiology conference in berlin . It was our idea , you know , that belly and I would one day form a company together . He just couldn 't wait , I suppose . But thankfully she was still there for you while I was gone . I 'm hungry . Give me all the cash in the register . You kidding me ? You don 't even have a gun . Just do it , before somebody gets hurt . Hey , buddy is there gonna be a problem here ? You really don 't want to get involved in this . I think I just did . Get out of my store . You should have just given up the money . Remind me to never get a job as a convenience store clerk . Any witnesses ? Both victims are in intensive care at university hospital . So no statements anytime soon . Stealing food and knocking over convenience stores ? These kidnappers don 't really seem like they have much of a plan . No . There 's a second feed on the door . - He looks so scared . - So why doesn 't he run ? He could just make a break for it . Far too soon for stockholm syndrome to have kicked in . Well , maybe your father 's right . Maybe one or both of them are controlling people through hypnotic suggestion . Then they could just get the clerk to give ' em the cash . Why all the carnage ? Maybe they 're silencing the witnesses . They don 't want us to know how it works . Just talked to the owner of the car dealership where the kidnappers worked . Said hickey and dobbins were his best salesmen . So is there anything out of the ordinary about these two guys ? Model employees . The owner was completely mystified as to how they got mixed up in this . Says they each made a sale that morning , took one of his loaner cars out for lunch , and never came back . Broyles says the suspects were good at their jobs . No criminal record . Boss loves ' em . So how do these two become kidnappers ? You think they could be spies ? Maybe they 're hiding out in plain sight . Foreign intelligence agents often take mundane jobs so they can blend in while they 're gathering information . There 's certainly nothing more mundane than being a used car salesman . So throw in massive dynamic and your father 's theory on hypnotism and it all starts to add up . Chicken . You serious ? Just a hypothesis . What do you think , more like pork ? Truthfully , I don 't really spend a lot of time thinking about what human brains would taste like . Then why did you ask ? I was asking what you expected to find with this brain . And normally hypnosis would simply ... boost the alpha wave of the brain with no visible effect . But given the extreme nature of the suggestions in this policewoman 's case , I suspect there might be lesions on the brain . And visible damage . Thank you . Now , ... this is not hypnosis . It is mind control . - There 's a difference ? - Peter was right . Hypnosis can only go so far ... suggesting , but not forcing behavior . Look , look , look . Hematomas on the brain matter . Indicating actual trauma . The result of conflicting neural impulses . A conflict of mind and body . Is that what killed them ? The bullet took care of that . No , ... but mind control could cause brain damage . I theorize that the power operates through the cochlear nerve . - You mean sound . - Yes . An auditory trance is a far more effective path manipulation than the other senses . But again , it 's just a hypothesis . Even if we find out where they are , nobody can get near them as long as they have this talent . Then I need you to work out how to block it . The ransom call could come at any minute , and we need to be ready . Right . Right . Right . I don 't understand . Why are we just standing around ? - Shouldn 't we do something ? - Dr. Carson ... I have my very best agents on the case . But you need to be here when the kidnappers call . Special agent Broyles ? We 've just received a call for Dr. Carson . It 's his son . We 're ready , sir . - Hello ? - Dad ... - It 's me . - Tyler , are you okay ? Just give them what they want . Please . You 've seen that we won 't hesitate to do whatever 's necessary in order to get what we want . Please , listen , I 'll do anything you need ... anything ! $ 2 million , unmarked bills . The industrial park off I-78 , Western Newark Airport . 5 : 00 P.M. If you 're even a minute late , your son dies . No , please , listen ... No luck sir . He hang up too soon . Money ? All they want is money ? I can sell the house . Cash in my stock options ... Massive dynamic will cover any ransom . They 're trying to squeeze a major international corporation with a kidnapping . It doesn 't add up . Money 's the distraction . They want something else . They took your son for a reason . So what now ? We set a trap . Peter , we 're running out of time . You don 't have any idea what your father 's looking for ? No . He just muttered something about my childhood . Here it is . It generates white noise , Which simulates the sound of being in utero . Just what we need to block the mind control . A teddy bear versus mind control spies ? Bad guys don 't stand a chance . Dr. Carson will meet the kidnapper with the briefcase . So take no action until the exchange is complete . We want clean shots only . We want them alive , if possible . But the boy 's safety comes first . This is exciting . You think the fbi will ever give me a gun ? Dr. Bishop will now explain how to use the equipment that you 've been provided . Hello . I am ... Dr. Walter Bishop . You 've been given a set of audio-adapting earphones like this , which will give off a steady stream of white noise . The headphones will make it so the kidnappers can 't control you with sound . Now , put ' em on . We gotta do a sound check . My son Peter 's teddy bear emits a sound ... As you listen , you may feel a sense of deep tranquility , as if you returned to your mother 's womb . - You 're gonna need this . - Thank you , Peter . You will now be able to hear my voice . Each of your team leaders will have a microphone like this one . You will not be able to communicate with each other directly . All commands will come through the headphones . Once you 're given the order to put on the headphones , do not remove them under any circumstances . If you do , you may die a gruesome and horrible death . Thank you for your attention . And have a nice day . Alpha team in position . Bravo team in position . Agent Dunham , we have a brown sedan entering in on the north side . Do you see Tyler in the vehicle ? That 's a negative . All teams stand by and hold position . Bravo team , what 's your status ? We have somebody moving in on foot . Copy that . Possible suspect en route to Dr. Carson . All units , headphones on . Team leaders , move communication to microphones . Contact made . Can anyone see the hostage ? This is alpha leader . Negative . I 've got nothing . Bravo . Negative on my end too . All units , move ! Move ! Help me ! Help me . You can lose the stupid headphones . They don 't work . Take me to your car . Agent Balik ? This is Agent Dunham . Copy . Go for Balik . Any sign of Tyler Carson ? Negative . We did two full sweeps . - This place is abandoned . - Olivia . - Where is he ? - Tyler ? We 're still looking for him . No , no , no , I don 't mean Tyler . I mean Peter . - I thought he was with you . - He 's gone . I can 't find him anywhere . Has anyone seen Peter Bishop ? I told you , we were the hostages in that car . Tyler Carson wanted you to kidnap him ? I 'm saying he made us do it . He worked us like puppets . He forced us to drive . He made us watch all those people die ! - What about the ransom call ? - I told you , - he made us say what he wanted ! - How did he do that , exactly ? I don 't know how he does it . You think I wanted to saw off my own finger ? He made me do it when I tried to get away . And that friend of yours you keep talking about . You better pray he 's not with that kid . Head hurts pretty bad , huh ? That 's what happens when you try to fight it . I can make it stop if you do what I say . Keep driving straight . You know , your father 's worried about you . Awesome . - Come on , kid , let 's pull over ... - Bad idea ! What are you doing ? Let 's see how fast this piece of junk can go . Kid , you 're gonna get us killed ! Are you ready to behave ? Just so we 're clear ... I can make you do whatever I want . I can control all of you , or just part of you . You know what , kid ... You 're a real son of a bitch . It 's Tyler . Tyler is the kidnapper . This was taken from a traffic cam on I-95 . He 's the one controlling people , and he 's taken Peter hostage . How could this have happened ? The son of one of your top scientists can control people 's minds ? Surely that 's not a coincidence . That doesn 't seem possible . But ... Dr. Carson works in aerospace . But on one of his projects , he 's been collaborating with the pharmaceutical division . What project ? This is our flight simulation deck . What you 're watching is a live test of our prototype hands-free guidance system . Hands-free navigation . So who 's controlling the jet ? Electrodes in the pilot 's helmet are picking up on his thought patterns , which send commands to an onboard computer . The pilot has been given a pharmaceutical enhancement ... A drug to amplify his brainwaves . Which makes it easier for the electrodes in the helmet to read them . Dr. Carson , did you , perchance , expose your son to this so-called pharmaceutical enhancement ? Massive Dynamic has strict testing protocols . Family members are absolutely ruled out as test subjects . Oh , my God . I took some samples home for further research . Tyler might have found them . I got a question . How far away can you control people ? You mean , how far do you have to run ? Nice try . - When did you figure out you were ... - I 'm not telling you anything . Genius , the second you took me , they knew that you were behind it all . Whatever . You had no idea that I was the one in charge . You managed to kidnap yourself ... congratulations . You 're a criminal mastermind . Screw you . You really haven 't thought this out ? You don 't even have a plan . Shut up . You sound just like my father . Come on . That 's what this is about ? Some sort of vendetta against your dad ? Do you really think that you 're the first kid whose father didn 't think he was good enough or smart enough ? Take a number . But it doesn 't make sense because even if Tyler did take the drugs , they 're designed to work on computer systems , - not on other human beings . - The brain is a computer . It 's an organic computer . It can be hijacked like any other . So how old is this boy ? Fifteen ? Still going through puberty ? Yes ? His system flooded with hormones affecting his neural transmitters . Opening up the pathways for the uptake of psychoactive chemicals , yes ? - I suppose it 's possible . - Yes . It 's possible , all right . And was he , by chance , taking any prescription medication ? Psychostimulants , perhaps ? Tyler was taking medication for attention deficit disorder . Puberty , A.D.D. medication , and an untested brainwave enhancer . It 's a mind control cocktail . Because of this man 's inability to be a proper parent , his son has kidnapped mine ! You know , I used to hate my father too . - I know what it 's like . - I need a driver , all right ? Not a big brother . Don 't stop . This has been a ton of fun , but let 's get real here . It cannot go on forever . I say it 's not even close to finished . Pull over . Let me take care of this . If you don 't , I will . Evening , Officer . Sir , I 'm gonna need you to step out of the vehicle . Sure . Put your hands on the car . - I 'm sorry , did I do something wrong ? - I said up against the car . You got any kind of weapon on you , you should tell me now . Tyler , please . Do not force me to shoot this man . He 'll tell them where we are . They 'll try to stop us . Come on , Tyler . There 's gotta be another way . Something like that ? We lost them at the New Jersey turn pike . Heading south , towards Swedesboro . We have a chopper shadowing the vehicle . We need all assets rerouted to that vicinity . Let me know if you spot him . Thanks . You tell the state troopers if they spot them , to keep their distance . Stay just within visual range . And make sure they know that Peter is not the target . You 're needed in Ms. Sharp 's office . - What 's wrong ? - The director 's just classified Tyler Carson as a national security threat . Fringe Division has been ordered to stand down . Any intercept will be - handled by special forces . - But we 're the only reason they have any clue what 's really going on . How can they take us off now ? New information has come to light about Tyler 's plans . Turns out he purchased two one-way tickets to Costa Rica , which he bought before abducting Peter . Headquarters believes the boy working with a foreign handler . With respect , all the evidence points towards an angry kid . Best-case scenario , we have a highly intelligent malcontent on a killing spree . Besides , the director thinks it 's worse . Tyler may have been recruited to deliver a multi-million dollar defense project to our country 's enemies . " Overwhelming force will be brought to bear if necessary " ? You know what this means . Peter could be collateral damage . But regardless , We need to contain the situation on our own before it 's too late . Have you made any headway ? I can 't lose him again . I know you 're worried . We all are . But we can get Peter back . We just need you to find a way to disable Tyler . Peter always helps me . I don 't know what to do . How do I do this without Peter ? He always helps me . He helps me too . But you can do this . I know you 're scared . But you 're the only one that can help him . Maybe ... I could use an emf ... scrambler ... to disrupt his beta wave transmissions . Sounds like a good place to start . I think I found something . They just brought Tyler 's computer in . He 's been doing some pretty strange searches . This is what he was looking for ? Obituaries and death notices ? All of women who died 14 years ago in car accidents . Look , all these women died in their mid-twenties . So that would make them what , about 40 now if they were alive ? What are you thinking ? I don 't know yet . Can you pull up his most recent search ? What do you know about Renee Davies ? Who is she ? She 's my ex-wife . Tyler 's mother . - Where 'd you find this ? - It was on Tyler 's computer . This was a good idea . Yeah , I was 15 once too . But I had to talk my way into places like this . You know , there are plenty of easier ways to get money . But it wouldn 't have been as fun . Fun ? Faking your kidnapping ... Jacking your dad 's company ... Killing cops and innocent bystanders ... That wasn 't part of the plan , okay ? They just ... got in the way . You know , I get it . I mean , you wanted to torture your dad . But the thing just got away from you . - Blew up in your face . - It 's not done yet . What 'd your daddy do to you anyway ? Didn 't pay you enough attention ? Forgot your birthday ? - Didn 't play ball with you enough ? - He lied to me my entire life . - Let 's not get dramatic . - He told me my mother was dead . But you have to understand , she was a mess . She was on drugs , off drugs . I never knew what she was gonna do next . When Tyler was a baby , she would literally disappear for weeks at a time . And then finally she ... She just never came back . - Does Tyler know what happened ? - I didn 't know ! I just always assumed that she would end up dead of an overdose somewhere . And then when Tyler was old enough to start asking about her , I told him that she died in a car wreck . I thought it was for the best . So he wouldn 't know that his mother abandoned him . About a month ago I found my birth certificate . I learned her name . And then I tried to find her . Guess what I found . That she was never really dead at all . She lives in Maryland . - She 's some sort of rehab counselor . - So what , you think if you find her the two of you are just gonna live happily ever after ? - We 're gonna be a family again ... - Those cops you killed , they have families too . They got wives , they g ... That would have been in your leg if I didn 't need you to drive . Let 's go . We know where Tyler 's going . Please tell me you 've got something better to stop him with than - what you 're wearing . - This has nothing to do with the case . I don 't trust them here . I think they 're trying to read my thoughts . Massive dynamic gives me the creeps too . According to Dr. Carson 's data , the pilots that were treated with this drug were highly responsive to magnetic fields . So ... we are modifying an electromagnetic pulse - to target his brainwaves . - What does that mean ? - We 're gonna crash his brain . - This device will wipe his brain of all thought . For a short period . He won 't be able to think . He will become severely disoriented . He may even vomit . Which , hopefully , will give you the window you need to take him down . - Let 's pack it up . We 're leaving . - Good . Renee Davies ? Can I help you ? It 's me , Tyler . Your son . I found you ! Who 's this ? You mind if we go inside ? Of course . Listen , I don 't blame you for leaving , all right ? - I blame him . - I don 't understand ... Dad . He didn 't want me to be with you . - It wasn 't like that . - But it 's okay now . - I 'm here . We can go . - Go ? Go where ? Anywhere . Another country . What 's going on ? We have some guests . Who the hell 's this ? It 's about time for us to go , Tyler ... what do you say ? I think I see who 's the problem here . Tyler , what are you doing ? You cover the back , I 'll take the front . I need to disable Tyler now . No time to wait for Dr. Bishop . I 'm going in . Tyler , it 's over ! We 're outta here . And you 're driving . - Sir ! - He took Peter . Go after them . Sir , we need to stop the bleeding . Dr. Bishop and I are approaching the house . The bullet went clean through , and I said go ! Yes , sir . Tyler just took off with Peter . Let 's go . Is that my car ? It 's them . If we can disrupt Tyler 's brainwaves , how close do we need to be ? No further than 20 feet . And the effect will only last a few seconds . Okay , do it . Do it now . Son ... Are you with me ? There you are . That was quick thinking . You always prove to be more resourceful than I give you credit for . Is that supposed to be some sort of compliment ? How 's Tyler ? He was knocked unconscious in the crash . Probably a concussion . We gave him a sedative to make sure he stays under . See what happens when you get out from behind the desk ? I 've been shot before . First time by one of the good guys , though . Lucky for me you 're a lousy shot . The kid wanted to shoot you in the head . Lucky for you I was able to pull it off-center a bit . You 're gonna hold this over my head for a long time , aren 't you ? Somehow , you 'll make it up to me . Thanks , Olivia . I 'll tell walter . Was I right ? Did Tyler lose the power - once the drug wore off ? - You were right . Which is a good thing , I guess . That means he won 't do any time . Kid goes on a killing spree , and all they 're gonna do is make him talk it out with a bunch of shrinks . - How many do you want ? - I 'm not hungry . - I don 't need any crepes . - Don 't be ridiculous . You were abducted . Of course you need crepes . I 'm okay . Whenever your mother made them , you called them " creeps . " Drove her batty . She was a strong woman , your mother . " William , I don 't know if you 've been receiving these messages , but I continue to hope . I wanted to update you on the status of the penrose-carson experiments . One of the Tylers did , in fact , display a rather dramatic ability for mind control . But before we became aware of his ability , there were some unintended consequences . Among them , he was able to locate records of his surrogate mother , and , unfortunately , made a misguided attempt to reunite with her . In light of this , I am suspending the experiments indefinitely . You were right ... mind control is possible , given the right conditions . So despite the unfortunate circumstances , we can consider the project a success . As always , I hope this finds you in good health . Warmest regards , Nina . "
