 DR NICHOLAS RUSH : Destiny ... The Design is clearly Ancient , launched hundreds of thousands of years ago . LIEUTENANT SCOTT : Where the hell are we ? Several billion light years from home . SCOTT : We are on a ship , but we have no idea where we are in relation to Earth . RUSH : This ship could be the most important discovery mankind has made since the Stargate itself . COLONEL YOUNG : These are the wrong people , in the wrong place . SCOTT : We 've got a lot of wounded . We need to get home . RUSH : We barely have enough power to operate the main systems . This ship simply doesn 't have the capability to dial Earth . Could you please stop people running around , activating every bloody system they can get their hands on ? I will . Our reserves are gone . All of our power ... is gone . Our trajectory has changed . What are you talking about , Rush ? Lieutenant , what the hell 's he talking about ? Ronald Greer . I can 't think of a better way to move on from ... from this world into the next , or whatever comes , than to fly into the most powerful thing in all creation- - A star . [ scoffs , chuckling ] Out in a blaze of glory . I like that . That 's beautiful . " Light " [ crowd murmuring ] Everyone here ? All here , sir . If I could have your attention ? [ murmuring fades ] You 've all heard about our situation . It sucks . I 'm going to repeat the facts so that we are all clear . In just over a day , this ship will fly into a star . Now , we have no power to change its course . We have no idea how to steer the ship , even if we did . We are having another bad day . So here 's what we 're going to do . We have a working shuttle . We think there are three planets out there that might be habitable . Now , we think- - We believe that it 's no coincidence that Destiny dropped out of FTL in this solar system , to give us a chance . Now , once we know for sure that there is a planet out there for us , we are going to have a lottery . [ murmur ripples through crowd ] We will draw the names of 15 people- - 15 ? [ murmuring grows ] The shuttle can hold twice that many . Not once it 's been loaded up with supplies . Besides , there 's only life support for 17 , max . You said 15 . I will be choosing two of the people myself- - Two people with the necessary skills to fly the shuttle and survive on the planet . Yeah , I bet I can guess who they are ! Yeah . I 'll be taking my name out of the lottery . Anyone who wants to join me , keep talking . We 're still several hours away from knowing if the first two are even habitable , so I suggest you all go back to your quarters and wait it out . That 's all I have for now . [ buzz of many conversations ] What ? You should pick everyone who goes on that shuttle . It 's the responsible thing to do ... And you should include yourself . If they 're going to survive , they 'll need leadership . And an HR lady , I 'm guessing . I am not above that . I would want you to consider me , yes . I would want you to consider everyone who could contribute to their survival . I think you should do your job and make the choices you need to make . It wouldn 't be very fair . It would be more unfair to send the wrong people- - We 're all the wrong people ! These are the wrong people . That 's up to you . Wow . Okay ... Okay , who goes ? Other than you and me , I mean ... Or haven 't you given it much thought ? We can come up with a short list . Factor in skills and strengths to increase their chances of surviving . Take age and sex into consideration- - How ' bout just the people we like ? That 's not what I 'm saying- - You need to leave . Handpicking just two of them - is a cop out , and you know it- - - And by that I mean get out now , Or I 'm going to take your name out of the lottery . I may just anyway . Please don 't . Eli ! God , you didn 't even set your alarm . Eli ! [ groans ] I don 't have time for this . I thought you had an interview today . They canceled . I was up all night . Playing those stupid games . They canceled , or you canceled ? Seriously , Mom ... It 's not my skill set . Nothing is . I 'm late . We 'll talk about it later . [ slamming door echoes ] [ whispers ] : Damn it . I 'm just hoping to find a planet , grow some food . Not that I know a damn thing about farming . You sound pretty sure we 're both going . Yeah . Yeah , maybe I am . Has he told you we 're the two he 's picked ? No , it 's just obvious . How ? There 's only two qualified pilots on the ship , me and the Colonel . He took himself out , so ... Yeah , well , that explains you . Why me ? Come on , Chloe , he has to pick you . Why ? You 're the daughter of a U.S. Senator . He 's probably been ordered to . Being a senator 's daughter isn 't going to help anyone survive on that planet . And I think the Colonel 's the kind of man who makes his own decisions . I 'm not one of the two , Matt . At least , I shouldn 't be . I don 't even know if I want to be . Don 't say that . There 's still a chance that I 'll get chosen in the lottery ... But if I don 't , I want you to know that ... I have probably felt closer to you in these past few days than I have ever felt to anybody . - So if this is goodbye- - - It 's not . It might be . I 'm glad he 's going to pick you . I want you there . Yeah , well ... What are the odds ? One in five , one in six ? Something like that . Well , we 'll see . So how are you going to get the thing off the ship ? With the remote ... When the shuttle takes off . We might even get one last look at the Destiny from the outside before it gets out of range . So ... What are you guys doing here ? We heard about your message in a bottle . It started out as a documentary , actually . Well , um ... We want to be part of it . Figured you 'd be busy . Eli , you realize the odds of anybody finding a kino - out here- - - Probably nil , I know . Let 's do it anyway . Let 's do something . Let 's leave something of ourselves behind . [ sighs heavily ] So who 's first ? So , I ... Okay . I 'm Chloe Armstrong . I 'm 23 , and , um ... I just want to say that my father gave his life so that all of us could survive another day , and we did . [ chuckles wryly ] Another day . Sorry , you radioed me ? Uh , yes , um ... The first planet is too cold . Frozen methane . The second is too hot . The third ... Well , that happens to be behind the star at the moment . Too far away to determine habitability . When will we know ? It doesn 't matter . We don 't have any choice . We 're going to have to launch the shuttle before we can get close enough . The odds are good , though . Its orbit is in between the other two . The Goldilocks Zone , they call it . Not too hot and not too cold . Yes . Just right . What if we used the engines from the shuttle to push the Destiny off course ? That 's a good thought , but , um ... I 'm afraid I 've already run the numbers , and ... Without getting into Delta V , thrust-to-weight ratios , then- - Not a chance . No . Well , when do we launch the shuttle ? We could wait a few more hours , but the extra time , I don 't think it 's going to give us any more information than we already have . When the shuttle 's loaded , then . Colonel Young ... If , by chance , you were thinking of choosing me as one of the two ... Please don 't . Why ? This ship ... Coming here was my Destiny . My life 's work was to be here , Not trying to survive on some rock With a bunch of strangers . In fact , You can take my name off the lottery altogether . Look , Rush , I realize I should 've listened to you sooner . No , no , I wasn 't myself . Still , you were right . It really wouldn 't have made any difference . Do you mind if I ask you who you are going to choose ? Lieutenants Scott and Johansen . I would 've thought Scott and Greer . Yesterday 's heroes . I 've got my fingers crossed for Greer . Well , you could easily arrange that . - You mean fix the lottery ? - Yes . No . There 'll be those who 'll think you did anyway . My name is Camile Wray . My age is ... None of your business , Eli . If , um ... If anyone finds this within the next , I don 't know , 40 years ... Tell Sharon that ... my last thoughts were of her . The names of every person in this room are written down on one of these pieces of paper . Dr. Rush and I have chosen to exclude ourselves . If anyone else feels the same way , now would be the time to speak up . If your name is chosen , you are to go directly up these stairs to the shuttle , where you will be met by the two people that I have already chosen . [ cocking weapon ] Lieutenant Scott has pilot training , and TJ 's skills as a medic will be essential on the planet . If your name is not chosen , you are to remain here until I receive word the 15 are aboard , and the shuttle 's rear hatch is secure . Does anyone have anything to say ? Airman Becker . Go . David Walters . Camile Wray . Lieutenant James . Dr. Park . Take a seat and strap in . Yes , sir . [ panting breathlessly ] [ crying softly ] [ sobbing ] Mr. Brody . Sergeant Riley . And Dr. Boone . [ sighs and gasps of disappointment ] That 's 15 . We 're done here . You can fit more people on that thing . Spencer , I need you to shut up . Come on , people ! If we don 't do something right now , we 're done ! He 's right , we got to do something . [ crowd gasp in shock ] Now , I don 't want to have to do that to anybody else ... But I will . That 's it . Full count . [ sighs heavily ] [ hatch hisses closed ] This is Scott . Everyone 's aboard . Rear hatch is secure . Give yourself a 60-second countdown , lieutenant . Some of us would like to see you off . Copy that . We 're releasing the docking clamps . The kino 's sending back pictures . This is Scott . We 're away . You 're looking good , lieutenant . I expect we 'll be out of radio range by the time we fire up the main drive , so ... We 'll be thinking of you guys . You too , brother . You too . Matthew , T.J ... Take good care of those people . There it is . That 's the Destiny ? Thank you , Eli . I never thought I 'd get the chance to see the ship from the outside . You know what ? I think I 'm going to go for a walk . How does that sound , sergeant ? Sounds like a plan , sir . I shall be in my quarters for the duration . I have 100 pages of a truly ... mediocre book to finish . Eli , I , uh ... [ clears throat awkwardly ] I 'm sorry I got you involved in this . Actually ... I 'm not . Yet . [ chuckling ] : I 'll probably be sorry at the end of the day , but ... We don 't have that long , do we ? No . How will it happen ? Well , there will be turbulence from the solar wind , Far worse than what we 've previously experienced . Heat , obviously , and intense G-forces . I suspect the ship will be torn apart long before we reach the star . Hopefully , it will be quick . And while I don 't condone behavior of that kind in any way , shape , or form , I gotta say , the look on Telford 's face when you put him down was priceless . Complete and total shock . He was surprised , yes , sir . I guess you can say you even got away with it . I 'm just , uh ... Sorry I ... That I disappointed you , sir . You 're a good man , sergeant . I know that . Besides , the bastard had it coming . Yes , sir , he did . [ laughing ] So long . At ease , Ronald . Okay , Colonel , just go whenever you 're ready . Yeah , no , no , I got it , I just , uh ... Can you just wait outside , Eli ? Thanks . Hi , Emily , I just , um ... I just wanted to say ... Well , you know . You know . Where is everybody ? All the fun people are here . GROUP : [ praying ] Our Father , who art in Heaven ... Hallowed be thy name . Thy kingdom come , thy will be done , on Earth , as it is in Heaven . Give us this day our daily bread , and forgive us our trespasses , as we forgive those who trespass against us , and lead us not into temptation ... What ? Oh , nothing , I just ... I realized it was past midnight . Does that mean they 've gone into the sun ? No ... No , no , no . No , nothing like that . It 's his birthday . That 's all he means . Oh ... Happy birthday . Thanks . [ console beeps ] Mr. Brody , would you come up here for a second ? I need you to confirm a spectrographic analysis for me . [ console beeps ] Oxygen , nitrogen , liquid water . Only trace levels of CO2 . What ? It means there won 't be much vegetation . Also means that the thermometer won 't be spending much time above zero , either . But we can survive , right ? Yeah . It 'll be great . [ laughs ] [ laughing ] Yes ! Uh , what are we so happy about ? We 're going to live , Eli . What about the turbulence and the heat and the death ? No . All of that would have happened by now . The shield is protecting us . But you said we were out of power . I was absolutely certain of that , and I have never been more pleased to be wrong in all my life . [ power surges ] The lights just came back on in my room . What 's going on ? Stand by . Colonel ! You 're right ! The systems are coming back online all over the ship . There 's a rumor spreading we 're still here . We are . Destiny needed all its power reserves - to protect itself , and us ... - Uh , guys ? We 're in the star . That can 't be right . We 're talking thousands of degrees . Well , we 've just flown through the corona , which is even hotter , to say nothing of magnetic fields , gravitational stresses . This is what Destiny intended from the moment it entered the star system . You 're telling me it flew into the sun on purpose ? - Yes . - Why ? To replenish its reserves . You 're telling me this ship- - Is powered by the stars themselves . Solar powered , quite literally . There is no other explanation . [ console beeps ] The engine just came back on . We 're pulling out of it ! The shuttle . We 've got to call them back . Uh , we haven 't accessed communications yet . I 'm working on it . Well , if you don 't figure it out - before we go into FTL- - - Plenty of time . We can 't strand those people here . Well , this would be an excellent time for you to trust me to solve this problem . [ jet engines throttles ] Okay , I 'm going to put us in a high orbit , spend a little time looking around for the best spot before we put down . They 're gone . You know , I can 't help but think maybe they 're the lucky ones . Don 't , T.J. - The planet is a rock . - I said stop it . All right , here we go . This is Young , come in . Right there , right there ! [ console beeps ] Uh , t-this is Scott . Sir , how the hell- - We 're just as surprised as you are , lieutenant . I 'll explain later . You need to get your ass back aboard this ship . [ laughing and cheering ] Look , there it is ! Will do . Scott out ! Everybody hear that ? [ cheering ] : Yes ! We have a visual of you , Destiny . Plotting an intercept course now . [ console beeps a warning ] [ warning beep ] Uh , Colonel , stand by . Brody , come here . What is it ? I don 't know yet . Am I reading this right ? Oh , you 've got to be kidding me . We 're so close , you can almost touch it . It 's right there ! What 's going on , lieutenant ? The Destiny is accelerating away from us . We can 't match it . [ console beeps , warning beeps ] Colonel , we have a problem here . What is it ? We can see you , but the shuttle 's computer cannot come up with an intercept solution . Destiny is accelerating too fast . I 'm trying to put something in manually here , but ... [ warning beep ] There 's no way to cross the " T " , sir . We 're going to fall short . You 're on full power , yes ? I put the throttle up right away . It 's-it 's just not going to be enough . ELI : You must have afterburners or something- - It 's not an F-16 , Eli ! It 's a-it 's a spaceship . Is there anything we can do from this end ? Is there any way to slow the Destiny down ? That-that would do it . Negative . Uh , we 're out of ideas here . Come on , guys . Come on . Lieutenant ... I want you to turn and head directly towards the planet . We 'll send you the exact course in a moment . No , no , no , no , no , the planet is a rock . We 'd rather take our chances trying- - Do what I 'm saying , lieutenant . We don 't have much time . [ console beeping ] In order to reach the star , Destiny used an aerobraking maneuver to slow down . I 'm suggesting Lieutenant Scott perform a slingshot maneuver around the planet to do exactly the opposite . A gravity boost to speed up . It should put Destiny directly in our path . We 're all aboard with that idea , doctor . Just give me the course and speed . This planet 's getting pretty big in the windows here . One moment . I got it . Whoa , whoa , whoa , Eli ... There 's many variables here . Are you sure about this ? Math boy . Send it . Okay , math boy . Sending the new course now . Is this going to work ? It 's going to be close . Got it . All right , everybody , hang on again . [ roaring ] That 's them . Why am I watching this on TV ? Okay , we 're only going to get one shot at this . Wish it wasn 't the first time I tried it . There they are . You 've got us lined up . - You 're doing fine . - No , he isn 't . We 're coming up on them too fast . Lieutenant , our relative velocity is too great . Unless you can match our speed , you 're going to crash into the ship . Uh , this is all we 've got . It 's coming up pretty fast on us ! I know , I know , I know . We have to come left ! A little this way , lieutenant . What we need is more speed . Fire maneuvering thrusters . That might just make the difference . Right . [ rumbling crash ] Main engines off ! Thrusters off . Docking clamps engaged . We 're still in one piece ! Well done ! Well done ! We 're on our way down . [ crew laughing and chatting merrily ] I 'm dead serious about it . That was , like ... That was the worst shuttle docking I have ever seen in my life . What are you talking about ? I barely even dented it ! [ laughing ] : The grinding noise ! At the very least , there is a giant scrape along the bottom . I 'm going to make you put on a space suit , go out there , fix it right now . Sergeant , we 're going to need some of that high , high temperature spaceship paint for Scott here . Yes , sir . I believe I 've found some . [ laughing ] Dr. Rush , have a seat . These two have even showered . [ group chuckles ] No , thanks . Aw , come on , we should celebrate . Celebrate what ? That we 're back where we started ? Aw , come on , have a seat , Rush . Some other time . All right , well , Becker , give him a double ration . He deserves it . Why 's that , then ? I 'm in a good mood . We 're to be rewarded at your whim , then ? No , no ... Just stop . What , you want some reasons ? I 'll ... I 'll give you three . You were right about the power situation . Not really . You figured out the subspace communications , how to call the shuttle . We needed to get those supplies back . You took your name out of the lottery . So did you . I was injured . You actually made a sacrifice . Unless you knew ... that Destiny was going to make it all along . Cheers , everyone . Aw , let it go , sir . [ chuckles ] He didn 't know . I-I saw his face . - There 's no way . - No . What if he did ? He 's right , sir . Let it go . A lot of work .
