 Early 21st century . Worldwide the Robot industries undergoes a period of rapid advancement . By the year 2050 , Japan has firmly established itself as the leader ... in Robotic technology and manufacturer . From consumer electronics to military grade weaponry , Japan dominates the market . As the technology evolves to include robotic enhancements to the human body ... the blurring of the line between men and machine triggers a sudden shift in world opinion . The potential for creation of human like androids ... is seen as a threat . In response the U.N. passes an accord ... strictly prohibiting android develoment . Japan fiercely opposes the U.N. ruling ... but despite repeated challenges the restrictions will not be eased . In protest Japan resorts to the extreme step of withdrawing from the U.N. Choosing instead to pursue a policy of high tech national isolation . Continued technological advancements makes Japan 's goal of totally national isolation a reality . Japan 's borders are sealed , And strict controls are placed on all international communications . The resulting information blackout shrouds the entire country in a veil of secracy . In the ten years since that time , no outsider has been allowed to see the true face of Japan . All my holiday plans are ruined . I take it your family has already left Washington ahead of you back to Denver , is it ? Don 't these damn Japanese understand it 's Christmas ? Dragging us all the way upto here , its outrageous . Even so do we have a choice ? Right final stand-by . We go live on my mark . How do we get stuck with this shit today , What you 've got somewhere better to be , to be another christmas next year ? Go in do your job and get out . You 'll be back in time for Mom 's Turkey . Now gentlemen the future of human evolution that is the issue before us this evening . The International Scientific Communities has reached a conceses . Nature has run its course , It is left to men to determine his own fate . As you know we at Daiwa have a vision for the future if we have your full support in this matter please show it now by round of applause . Huh ! I Didn 't think so ... Our target is Saito at Daiwa Robotics . We 're working of a tip . There 's a chance its a trap . So everyone stay on your toes . You 're kiddin ' . What 's with the robots ? I made it clear we didn 't need max support . Don 't ask me . It 's the chief who wants us to test it now . Looks like the latest Daiwa models . Ya I still don 't trust them . I hate these damn machines . S.W.O.R.D. ? Maria ... Move , Out of the way ! Damn it . Get rid of the bodies . What 's the meaning of this ? Who gave the order for SWORD to attack ? Answer me . You , Don 't you know who I am ? You 're all making a terrible mistake , I want names and serial numbers of everyone here . Leon ! Well , It 's a flagrant violation of international treaties . Care to be more Specific ? No need , they ignored just about everyone I can think of . So what , you mean this whole thing is made of metal ? Essentially , it 's bio-metal . Is there a chance his leg was the only robotic part ? We can hope that 's the case . What do you mean ? It has to be . We confirmed his bio-signature during the raid , right ? We cant rule out the possiblity that it was artifically imprinted . Wait , Is that possible ? Not with our technology , No . So , If Japan really is manufacturing androids of this far advanced Christ , It 's gonna be a bigger threat than nukes . So what , you think they are building some kind of android army ? That 's crazy . In any case , Issues of legality aside , It 's an amazing feet of technology . I imagine it would take years to reverse-engineer it . It 's like same page are all over again , Huh ! Hi Zak ... Look out there millons of pepole living in this city near hardly know it . Only ones we ever talk to talk to are ones wearing this badge or do our darn computers , right ? It 's the same everywhere . It 's the age we live in . You heard from Irene ? Not since she left . Sorry ... So , what 's up ? Leon never told you about San Pedro last month ? Really ... It 's that where the tip for this mission from , San Pedro ? Yeah I didn 't think it was a secret . Is there really a reason for us to be on the guard duty ? Over there . New shipment of sentry robots . What I mean is who 's gonna still ? Japan is selling these things to everybody . They are the ones controlling the market . Yeah and they know it too . Not shy about throwing the wait around , that 's for sure . It 's gonna comeback and bite 'em some day . Warning , Cease pursuit and withdraw immediately . You 've got to be kidding . I repeat , cease pursuit immediately . This is your final warning . This is our turf , buck off Zak ! Hey , careful with this guy . SWORD ... 24th ... December ... Mt . Filar ... A meeting ... beware Mari ... a ... It was like the message was specifically for Leon . He didn 't doubt it , not even for a second . The best part is , This fugitive .. Guess what he turned out to be An android . Yeah , but just lookin damned you could tell it wasn 't human . There any chance that he was ? No , none . Not even a hint of bio-signature . But those eyes ... What about the Autopsy ? What autopsy ? They bagged that android and shipped it back to Japan the very same day we couldn 't even touch it . Political pressure they said . Though personally I think that 's a load of shit . Huh ! Maria ... For ten years , Japan has operated below the radar . In recent months however we have observed a surge of new activity . Of suspicious nature which we no longer can ingore . the purpose of the secret meeting on Mt . Filar is still unknown . By authority of the State Dept. our primary witness the politician we apprehanded must granted complete immunity . In addition , we received strong pressure from Japan for return of Saito 's confiscated leg . Our intial analysis has yielded some trobuling results . We have determined the leg to be Suedo organic metallic composition . There is also some evidence to suggest the bio signature was affixed artifically . Our conclusion , there 's a high probability that Saito was an android . As you know , android development in disregard of U.N. accord is a serious international crime . But untill further evidence is obtained , our governement feels discretion of the utmost importance . From the white house the official stands any action that may even slightly harm the relations with Japan , is forbidden . However , the risk of doing nothing are abunduntly clear . To maintain appearances , As of now our actions are considered independent . In the event we are discovered , The American governement will deny all prior knowledge . Nevertheless , its for out nations security that we must act . perhaps for the security of the entire world . Mission before us : to infiltrate Japan . The time has come to lift the veil of secrecy And expose the true face of Japan to the world . I 'm counting on all of you to do your part . These are the most recent images of Tokyo , taken just over 10 years ago . Current conditions are unkwon and all access to Japan has been cut off . What we know at the time this photos were taken , Japan 's largest corporation , Daiwa Robotics , Was largely in control of country 's economy and national politics . Our guess is they were the ones who began the intial push towrad the policy if high tech isolastionism which was ultimatley relies through the construction of an electro-magnetic network known by the acronym R.A.C.E. The R.A.C.E. network comprises of 270 dedicated ocean-based antennas ... that surrounds the entire nation . The signal pattern this antennas produce serves to filter all light ... and electro magnetic waves entering Japan and completely difuses any outgoing signals . This effectively makes communication with Japan through non official channels as well as satellite surveillence impossible . The primary objective of this mission will be to penetrate the electromagnetic field ... and transmit a special trace signal from inside to analyse the diffusion pattern . If successful , It will enable our spy satellites to take direct images of Japan in their postion in orbit . Upon arrival in Tokyo ... the Insertion team will only need to transmit the signal for 3 minutes ... in order to supply us the data we need . The problem is the route of entry . In addtion to rays a sensor wall ... capable of detecting even the latest micro scouting devices , guards all physical routes of entry by water and air . Our only potential access point , a single heavily secured border gate ... which allows shipping trafic into the country . As stated our first priority will be transmission of the signal . Once successful , we 'll move onto our second primary objective . simply put gather as much on Daiwa as possible . 72 hours after insertion the team will be extracted from a predetremined sight . Leading the team on this dangerous mission Commander Leon Fayden 10 years ago the commander was dispatched to Japan As part of an anti-terrorist unit in co-operation with the Bureau of the public security . He was one of the last foreginers to remain after the closure of the border untill such time they commanded his deportation . Why didn 't you tell me ? Why didn 't you tell me ? I 'm sorry . I didn 't want you to worry . Not about volunteering ... that you were in Japan . I don 't know . I never really had a chance . That 's the only reason ? That 's all . I 'm sorry . I didn 't need for you to get involved ... What happened ? Bring up the deck monitor ! The vessel is not under attack . Zero damage to report . There has been an explosion on American freighter nearby . We are looking into the cause now . Understood . Stay alert just in case . Freight inspections completed , sir . All clear . They cleared the border gate . Ten seconds to communications blackout . 3 minutes to analysis completion . Signal received . Scanning now . Ok , 3 minutes ... Analysis is in progress ... 1 minute down . 2 minutes , 30 seconds . Analysis completed . 10 seconds . 9,8,7 ... What happened ? The signal . We 've lost it . - What about the analysis . - No Insufficient data . Scan again . System alert ... System alert ... Vexille , this way . Zak ! I congratulate your effort , you are the first foreign visitors to set foot on Japanese soil in 10 years . We 've have a warm welcome plan for you . On my mark , make a break for the water . No way , I 'm not leaving you behind . Damn it . You 've got the back-up transmitter . You 'll go . Don 't worry.We 'll be right behind you . Leon ... It 's okay , Miss . It 's just me . You 're safe here . No ones going to hurt you . Oh don 't worry , Maria changed your clothes , not me . Maria ? No , Don 't go out there ! Leon ... Keep quiet and Do exactly as I say . Maria ... You shouldn 't go wandering around . They 're still combing the city looking for you . I 'm Sorry , Maria . It was my fault . To think SWORD would come here . Oh ! you got So much ... The rest of my team ? - Put this in cold water . - Yeah , Sure . Where are Leon and the others ? Leon Fayden ? What happened to him ? There 's been no word about your colleagues . We 're still looking . This is the real thing . You dont get that to often around here . You are asleep for 2 days . You should probably eat something . Were you the one who sent the messenger to America , About the meeting ? One more thing . Where are we ? Downtown Tokyo . What 's left of it anyway . Tokyo ... Captain , we 're picking up a second transmission . Is that from our people ? Affirmative . The back-up transmitter . The signal is coming in strong , sir . Good , lets hope it stays that way . Never used chopsticks before huh , Miss ? That 's cheating . Wow , that 's pretty neat . Hey , where are you hiding that ? It 's Saito . He is on his way here . Nice entrance , scary Oops , I take that back . Sending 5 guys out for 1 little girl ? Please , that 's just weak . The SWORD women ? Where is she ? Huh ! guess she is not under the tabel . Wanna check the couch next ? The boss may choose to go easy on you Don 't expect that from me . I don 't know what you and your little erchant friends are planning ... but whatever it is , it 's only a matter of time . I 'll be seeing you soon . You 're right . It 's only a matter of time . They look serious today . Bastards . What is it ? Just this place . I 've never seen anywhere like it before . I mean its so full of life . Shit . Hey , This way . Down here . Analysis completion ... Captain , I am complete . We have it , sir . Right , you all know what to do . Strings one and two , I want visuals from satellites JC17 JD15 . Analysis program initiated . There 's nothing there ... No mountains ... no rivers ... Cities ... What does it look like in Tokyo ? Show me . That 's it . That 's all there is ? Daiwa Robotics ... Sir Lt. Commander Vexille Serra 's bio-signature . I 've got her . Shes in Tokyo . What ? Can we check her status ? Yes sir . Satellite is locking onto her position . Standby for visual . Any other survivors ? None yet confirmed . Captain , you need to see this . Screen three . The red point is Lt. Commander Sara . She 's being pursued ? JD14 is tracking her movements . - Captain ? - What is it ? The bio-signature map ... it 's unfiltered , sir . We are not reading any other bio-signature Hers is the only one . Only one ? What in the hell is going on ? Run the Scan . Search the entire country ! Maria . Oh , my god . We 'll wait her for few minutes . Make sure we 're not being followed . Some view , Huh ! They say everything outside the city 's a wasteland . Besides us the only thing left is Daiwa 's HQ . Out in the bay . Here . I 'll show you . See . That island out there . That 's Daiwa . They are the ones who did this . It 's their fault all the people are gone . The Japanese race is all but extinct now . But you ... Huh ! We 're not really human . Not any more . Not human ... You could say that , more like fragments of humanity . Fragments ? That 's all we have and pretty soon , they 'll be gone too . You saw it , the final change when the last traces disappear . As it is , We are mostly machine now . There 's no red blood left iin our veins . So all these people down there , None of them are human ? I don 't think I 've ever seen a place more alive . They all are just trying to make the most of it while they can . Like the way we still eat food eventhough we don 't need to . It was 10 years ago , just after the government instituted the whole isolation policy . We began hearing reprots of a mass epidemic some unknown disease sweeping the country . The details were vague at first , nothing in the cars or transmission of the disease Only that it was highly contagious and in most cases fatal . Before the general public ... even had time to react , the government declared a state of emergancy and ordered a mandatory vaccination program . For our protection they said . As it turns out that was the beginning of our nightmare . The disease was complete government fabrication . And the supposed vaccin they were ingecting into everyone , in reality it was a cyber-virus developed by Daiwa . The virus has a mutating effect on the cells of the body . It alters the molecular structure and converts them into bio-metal . Essentially turning us into machines from the inside out . There is no way to stop it and to make things worse , the cyber virus was still early in its experimental phase . What do you mean ? Daiwa didn 't even know if it would work , it had never been tested in a large scale . So they turned Japan into their own private laboratory . When it does work , the virus gradually progresses through the body until it finally reaches the brain . At that point we become perfect androids under Daiwa 's contorl . The speed of the process differs from person to person . Those of us who 've yet to be fully assimilated ... as best we can we hold on to those fragments of our humanity that still remain . But even now we can still feel them sleeping further and further away . Since the technology was still experimental , In the end most of us were basically be reduced to scrap metal . But it makes little difference At best we are still mindless machines with our memories erased . So either way , we 're all just Daiwa 's guinea pigs trapped and waiting to die . Do you know how long do you have ? No , What we do know is , Daiwa won 't stop when they 're done with Japan , they 'll target America next . They 've already started planting androids in key positions . That politician ... Hey , that 's Saga ! go ! We call those things " Jags " they 're side effects of the cyber virus . It 's what happens when the mechanisation process goes bad . They pretty much try to asimultae any kind of metal they can find . Crazy , huh ! The wasteland is full of ' em . If sometimes we are lucky they throw up some really cool stuff . We should get moving . Come on we have a secret base underground . I trust you 've come bearing news on the SWORD woman . She got away , sir . You mean like the informant you let escape to America ? We think Maria is hiding us away . Leave them . We also have reason to believe SWORD has penetrated the RACE net . No matter , by the time thte Americans act it 'll be too late . Relax , Saito . Our decade-long experiment is at last nearing completion . Group G32 Beta in the slums is developing better then we anticipated . They 're perfect in every way . Maria and her co-hearts are part of that group . Left alone they 'll join us in time . But , sir ... What do we have to fear , there is nothing anyone can do to stop us . But just in case , Summon that chairman Itakura . Here . Fresh piece of scrap for you What do you think can you get the part you need out of that ? Perfect , thanks . I 'll make it work . Where 's Maria ? We 've got a visitor , Vexille from SWORD . Taro , is it ready ? You have to ask ? My suit ... I got it all fixed it up , good as new , should be ready to go whenever you are . This what you 're looking for ? - I already sent the signal . - For how long ? Three minutes plus . That 's why they took out the R.A.C.E. net . All Daiwa had to do was to reconfigure the the diffusion pattern . Damn it . It doesn 't matter , only needed to be down for a few minutes . Should be enough to get SWORD moving . Oh ! Another thing , they 're holding one of your team mate at Daiwa HQ . Leon ? Yeah , that 's right , Leon Fayden . What 've they done with him ? Is he hur ? Sorry , that 's all I know . Taro , what 's your source ? Daiwa 's main stream , I pulled it myself . It 's legit . - It 's just Leon ? - Yeah . Scan complete sir , its come up empty not a single bio-signature . Correction , I 'm picking up one reading in addition to Lt. Commander Sera . It 's fade but .. wait , there 's something else What 's wrong ? A shift in the electro-magnetic diffusion pattern , sir . Damn . Attempting to re-analyse That 's it . Prep Minerva to retrieve any survivors . Captain Borg , a call on the hotline Secretary of Defence ? Tell 'em our 72 hours isn 't up yet . It ... it 's the President , sir . Borg , here . Yes , Mr. President . That 's correct . 7 agents . Yes , understood , sir . It 's over , stand down . Takashi , hey , what 's everyone gettin ' ready for ? There 's going to be an earthquake . What ? A quake , this is it , our last big chance . We 're gonna go smash up Daiwa . Maria says I get to help fight too . Here 's the deal , Daiwas ' got these huge freight tunnels that connect to the mainland . Three of ' em . The main one line feeds directly into the city . The other two open out to the wasteland . So these tunnels are of metal , ceramic ? Right , now there 's a mid-scale earthquake forcasted to hit sometime within the next 24 hours . Which means the cuplinks on these tunnels are already being released . As a resistance measure . Yup . But turns out this also exposes a weakness With the cuplinks released , the tunnel segments are switched over to independent battery powered operation . And here 's the key , so are the five security gates . There 's an extended delay , about 1.5 times longer than normal ... between the time the intruder gates are tripped and gate activation . So , what 's our window . How long before total lockdown ? - 18 seconds . - How far between gates ? About 2,500 meters . Even if the fighter suit 's top speed that 's cutting it close . Yeah its not much better With our air-buggies . But its our only shot . And after you make it to Daiwa ? If We make it through we 'll be pulling this wire . The Jags . We get 'em to Daiwa 's front door and they do the rest . We just need a few Jags to take the bait . Now , we lead ' em down the tunnel and Daiwa is history . Maria , Chairman Itakura 's called an emergency council session . - Is that all you have to say ? - It is . I thought we had been over all these before . Those of you who choose to sit back and wait for the end We respect their decision . But we both know what 'll happen , if Daiwa reaches America . I choose to do something . So , if there is nothing else , we 're little short on time . And if you fail ? Think about what you 're doing , the reprecutions . Daiwa could open the gates to the wasteland and wipe us out . What and destroy their precious experiment , now . I doubt they 'd willing to do that . Listen , in the end we 're all trying to protect the same thing It 's Daiwa we should be fighting . That 's what we intend to do . until the moment we become scrap metal . Chairman , if you want an outsider 's opinion . For what I 've seen , you 're all fighting ... but most of you are fighting to hold on to something that 's already been lost . and it seems to me Maria and her friends are the ones fighting for what 's still left . What do you mean all foreigners are being deported ? It doesn 't make any sense . Leon ... Maria , come to America with me . Is there a problem ? Your need a valid departure permit . I have one , Lt. Commander Leon Fayden requested it . No , ma 'am , I show no record of that . So check again , there 's been a mistake . I 'm going to have ask you to come with me , lets go . - Step out of the car please . - Easy now . I 'm telling you , atleast let me call him . Any engage with the airport is currently restricted . I 'm going with you Your mission , I wanna help . No , its our problem . This is bigger than that now and you know it . You and your people had your chance already . We never asked for your help . What about Leon , he volunteered to come here because of you . Maria , I 'm begging , take me to Daiwa with you . My decision is final , its nothing personal . You want to help Leon as much as I do . What 's wrong ? Hey ! Takashi , its allright , hang on . Takashi ! Takashi ! Takashi ! How could you ? you 're inhuman . Please , try to understand It had to be done , otherwise Daiwa would know our plans . Vexille We need a replacement for Takashi . Once we 're in the tunnel , its going to be tight . Even at full throttle we barely have a speed to make it . As much as you can , hold the straight line down the middle . Touch the brakes even for an instant and you 're done . We 'll be mounting a two promed assault . Team red will follow me to the tunnel 1 in the east . Team black will head to west foot saga to make a run at tunnel 3 . This is the first time We 've moved so many units all at once . There 's no way of knowing how many Jags will pick up along the way . Just remember , no matter what happens , keep moving , don 't give up . Our plan will succeed if even one of us will makes it through . Daiwa , they can rob us of our country , Take our bodies and minds , But right now we 're still human . Lets show them they can 't take our pride . Maria , Those Jags are running a little to close . Murata Got it . I 'll fall back and take them off to you . Black to Red Go ahead , Black . We 're coming up on the tunnel now . We 're going in Good luck Murata , Break off Murata ! Black here , We 're through the gate . I got this one 2nd gate cleared ! I passed the 3rd gate , just me . Rest of my team didn 't make it . Maria , the gate is cleared . I 'll keep ' em off you . Circle back and make another run on it The Jags are on the the wire , they already crossed the gate , they 're right on my ass . Maria ! Vexille . One left . Maria . No ... Now , there 's an entrance . But it looks like you weren 't expecting the tunnel to be so far from the main facility . That 's too bad Jags aren 't much in the way of Jumpers . Your Chairman Itakura told us everything . Leon ! Nice to see you again , Maria . We 've come a long way since our old school days . I still remember our last meeting In 10 years you haven 't changed a bit . Still as beautiful as ever and as dangerous . Kisaragi ... Europe Public Security . This is an illegal facility You don 't move , hands in front . Maria ... I warned you this day was coming . Ah ! the irony of fate to think you see this face one last time . No get away from him . " Insufficent evidence " ? It seems we 're too late . Daiwa is already beyond the reach of public law enforcement . Forget the number of treaties they violated , that research is a danger to the human race . They were aquitted this morning . This is the dawn of a new age in human evolution . At long last , the time has come to realise our potential , to free our species from the shackels , placed upon it by nature . You call this evolution ? Don 't you understand , the bodies we now posses represent perfection . We have harnessed the power of our intellect , unhabited by emotion . We need neither food nor sleep . And most of all , immortality is now within our grasp . Seriously , what 's not to like ? Oh ! Maria , you 'll see things my way soon enough . Natural selection will run its course Only the most worthy will evolve and the new human race will be born . Man , recreated in his own image . This is the work of a god and that god is me . He 's insane . still , there is much to be done and test subject here are in short supply . Fortunately for me , your country has plenty . Like Leon , an entire nation of ideal guinea pigs . So you 're a god , huh ! But you still bleed like a human . And what would we 've done if something happened to me . It would 've been disastorous Listen , once the experiment was a success and my safety could be guaranteed , of course I was going to take part in evolution . Oh ! for what , man 's sick delusion . Think of all we 've accomlished , think of all I 've given you , eternal life . It 's thanks to me , thanks to my research . You 're perfect now . Cured of human impulse . This is beneath you . Stop , Taito . This is a mistake . We 've breach to the outer wall , the city gates are opening Sir , you have the citizens ' full support . This is Chairman Itakura . Today as you now know , many of our comrades were betrayed by hesitation of the part of myself and the council , but because of your courageous decision we now have a chance to retoun for those mistakes . Thank you everyone . Chairman Itakura ... Cut the cetral tunnel from the main facility . Sir , A-7 we still have a carrier is en route . Should we wait for it to clear ? No , dont put it through , detach the tunnel . Do not let the carrier reach the HQ . Too late Piece of junk . This is just a temporary setback , as long as I have my research the world will still be mine . Be sure to say goodbye to the Jags for me when they get here . I 'll go after Kisaragi , take care of Leon . No , Kisaragi is mine . You can 't run with that leg . Keep him safe . Maria ... Why didn 't you come to the airport ? I waited . You know as much as I hate machines It 's people like you who really piss me off ! Vexille ! Vexille ! Where 's Maria ? Stay back , you hear me , don 't come any closer . You little bitch ! the Jags are coming . Maria No , Maria , run ! Now , this time I 'm not letting go . Maria ! In the end the Jags came from all over Japan to get a piece of Daiwa HQ . then sank into the sea . Maria and her people are wiped out . But what they did , their sacrifice , it won 't be forgotten . They 'll live on in our hearts , shining example to the world . It was Maria who taught us what we are as more than just flash of blood As long as we have our spirit , than nothing , noone can ever take away our humanity .
