 Previously on Defying Gravity : Five other signals have communicated with Beta The Gamma object is on Venus . I 'm gonna guess its our job to pick these things up . That is the primary goal of the Antares mission . The crews physiology is changing lining up like points on a grid . We could be looking at serious medical problems down the line . What 's gonna happen when they pick up Gamma ? We have to tell them . Is that your hallucination ? If the objects are keen on our guilt or shame , then you have to pursue it . You 're just questioning my faith because you have none of your own . Paula , we are not finished here . Yes we are . There 's a huge amount of public funding in this project . I think the public has a right to be informed . Don 't you ? She 's in a coma . - Oh my god . Keep this to yourself . This never happened . May not have killed her , but she probably never walk again , but nothing ever happened ? Did it , Mike ! ? You 're back on the floor starting tomorrow . I think that 's the first time we 've slept together without screwing . Probably . It was nice , Donner . Thank you . I needed it . I should probably get up now . Yes . Today is the day Yeah Today 's the day . - Yeah , today 's the day . Go ahead , you first . - Oh no , please , you look like you have the need . Did Nadia give you a send off ? Beg your pardon ? - Did Nadia give you a send off ? One last hurrah before you incinerate on an alien planet . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Oh . Well , you should know that a nearly naked hallucination just ran from your bay into Nadias . - It 's not what you think . Doesn 't matter , Donner . Really . Today , it doesn 't matter . There are a handful of days in everyones lives that they can point to and say : " That day changed me " " That day helped make me who I am " They usually happen on big event days ; The day you married , have your first kid . The day you land on Venus . But they can also happen on regular days . In unlikely moments , with events that may seem like nothing at the time . Or they 're so huge that they literally take your breath away . 5 years earlier So , are we just going to lie here , or , are you going to screw me again ? God , woman , feels like it 's gonna fall off now . Then don 't waste my time teasing . What 's the big rush ? - You know damn well what the rush is . You 're gonna make the cut . Of course I 'm gonna make the cut . I wanna know if I 'm ranked first . Who is on the cusp ? Spence , DeRoe and Barnes . We can add one more . Cost five million dollars to train a candidate . One more isn 't in the budget . You want Wassenfelder , you have to deal . I was 28th last time . 8 places below the line . You 've been doing great . They won 't axe you . Says the woman who last time was ranked 12th . Might as well call my mother . Start packing . There 's that open teaching job at the university . Would you stop talking like that ? Okay , they know how much this means to you . Yeah . You know how much this means to all of us . They probably look at me as damaged goods . Yeah , or someone who really sacrificed . That 's not the way it works . You know it . I know it . Only thing holding me together is the eagle . - Eagle ? Yeah , this morning first thing I saw when I woke up , was an eagle . Good omen . Well than that 's different . You 're a shoe-in . Yeah . Hey . - Hey You missed forum . I don 't think there 's anything for me to do . Anything that they trust me with Kind of how I feel . Generally . It is brutal . Yeah . So you know what they did ? They put us both on your classroom in space thing . I 'm like your new camera man . Do you believe in miracles , Steven ? I believe that amazing stuff goes on in the universe every single day . But that they all have an explanation . Miracles are reality with parts missing . So they 're lies ? - No , they 're incomplete . It 's like we smooth over the missing stuff with what we want to believe . It 's just that Mintz wants me to examine every moment of my miracle with Hector . So ? Who 's to say that examining every moment is gonna make it any less of a miracle ? The most religious people I know are physicists . The explanation is what makes them believe in a higher power . This could be the most important day of all of our careers . Not only do we have a huge task at hand , but we have to manage and control every bit of information that leaves this building . Then why all the press ? Because this is history . It 's essential that the public and press witness the landing . Many of you will be called on for interview , I remind you , keep the subject on Venus . Obviously , we don 't want anyone to see Gamma . So with that in mind , we 've been working on a 50 / 50 plan . 50 % live feed , 50 % prerecorded . The video is from a training in Arizona . And , they got some movie effect people to make it look like Venus . Basically , it will be Zoe leaving the lander walking around , picking up some rocks and getting back in . I knew the moon landing was a hoax . It 's like a bad conspiracy movie . This isn 't why I signed up . It ' difficult for all of us to take this in . You don 't seem to have a problem It 's because I 'm Hindu . I see this as our destiny . But , imagine the general public with this information , it would be a disaster . You can 't want that . What I want doesn 't matter . We don 't have a choice . Kind of worried about Zoe . We just don 't know what these things are . We don 't know what they do , what they want No , we don 't . And it 's a bitch . And it 's scary , and it 's unfair , but we do the best we can . You 're not up here . Believe me , it 's scary down here too . I don 't doubt that . I 've lost you , I can 't loose Zoe too . You have not lost me . Well for the next six years , - For the next six years , I will be as close to you as this damn comm will allow me to be . And I need you as much as you need me , so do not ever say that you 've lost me . I really should get going . Kinda got a big day ahead of us . Yeah . Thought I might find you here . Woman alights on the breast of Venus . Beauty that burns bright and hot , and has never felt the touch of man . Poetic . And slightly Sappho-erotic . - Better than " one small step " Or Walkers : " The red planet conquered " Men . - Men . Rollie 's acting weird . Needy . Donner slept with Nadia last night . You win . And I 'm oddly untroubled by it . * Oh , or not . I dunno , Not meant that way . That , didn 't come out right . Truly , I would die if I lost you . You 're not gonna lose me . It 's as if I 'm wearing a suit of armor today . Nothing can touch me . Not Venus , not Donner . Not Beta . Think I 'm gonna be able to see this new one ? There 's only one way to find out . For the last three months you have been poked , prodded and tested in a thousand ways . Now 20 of you will move on . 10 of you will accept our sincere thanks and go home tomorrow . For those who make the cut , congratulations . Finish your day and enjoy your weekend , because on Monday it all gets a lot tougher . For those of you who don 't , know that you were exceptional just to be considered . I 'll be happy to write personal recommendations for any of you . You leave with my deepest respect and gratitude . First again . Zoe ... - Just gotta go I 'm so sorry . Venus is a terrible place for human beings . Its surface pressure is 93 times that of Earth , And temperature on a nice day is 460 C. In fact , it 's been only in the last ten years that technology has advanced to a point where a human landing is possible . And even with those advances , time on the planet is limited to 20 minutes , after which everything will simply break down . El planeta Venus es ... - Get any rest last night ? One of us did , yes . - Why you gotta go there ? It 's gonna be hot on the surface , I need you both to push fluids . - That 's amazing , that is exactly what Donner was doing last night . Hey . Thermal cooling system . - You know what really bothers me about you , Nadia ? You have no consideration for anyone but yourself . Thermal Cooling System . - I mean ... what were you thinking last night sleeping with Donner ? Did it ever occur to you that maybe that wouldn 't be the best thing for Zoe to wake up to ? And it might be a good idea for her to keep her mind on other things ? You know , we didn 't screw . - What ? We slept together but we didn 't screw . You 're telling me that you and Donner spent the night in each others arms , and nothing happened ? Yes . Sometimes it feels good just to be held . How much do you know about what happened ? Most of it . No one else on the floor knows anything . The girl I hit . You know her name ? Rollie . As impossible as this might seem to you , you have to let it go . - I feel like a coward . But what we 're doing here is beyond that guilt . It 's beyond our personal lives . It 's beyond our friends and family . Do you understand its beyond everything ? And if Zoe doesn 't make it , what does that mean ? It 'll probably mean my marriage is over . I 've played the trust card one too many times . It 'll probably mean the mission is over as well . And I have a feeling , somehow , that the faith of mankind is mixed up in all of this . As you two were both in the astronaut program , would you like to be taking that walk on Venus today ? I didn 't join the program to sit behind a desk . We would very much like , both , to be on Venus today . It 's an extraordinarily hostile place to take a walk , isn 't it ? I mean , is this a place that we could settle ? We can 't last for more than 20 minutes on the surface , the clouds are sulphuric acid . - Or mine ? Well , that 's impractical , and the surface elements are very similar to earth so , there would be no point . So may I ask the obvious question , then : Why are we spending all of this money and risking two human lives ? Because it 's an amazing achievement . To plant a flag ? Oh , come on , you two have personally made terrific sacrifices for this mission , that can 't be your answer . Arnel ? Well , we have a landing to make . Ladies and gentlemen , I 'd like to ask you to move to the press room please . They both look good , Ev . Strange , though . Zoe 's heart rate is close to 60 . Strong and calm . Yeah , maybe a little too strong and calm . You know something I don 't ? Doctor ? There 's some weird physiological changes happening to you guys that I 'm not supposed to talk about . I 'm gonna send you what I have in a personal file . - Roger that . In the meantime ? They 're good to go . Zoe . This day will pass . You may always regret it , but you need to remember it as the day you had the strength to move on . And that is all I got . That 's all the shrink wisdom I have . Good luck . - Thanks . Yeah , it was one of those days for me . And I 've got this scar and it 's kind of like a road marker . A point to move away from . To rise above . Okay people . Everybody on the track in two minutes . I 'll see you . - Yeah , thank you . Gotta get going . Scram . I 'll see you tomorrow . See you tomorrow . You get to keep that . Oh . You should definitely keep your medallion . You probably don 't think you want it , but You 'll wish you had it later . - Yeah . It 's pretty impressive you just let it get away from you . - Yeah You should probably go . You know , for what it 's worth , I think they 're making a mistake . Don 't tell me that . - Well , that 's the truth . Okay . Well ... It 's not gonna be the same around here without you . Alright . - Right . Just take care . - Okay . Donner ? - Yeah ? What are you doing tonight ? Nothing special . - Major Tom 's ? Yeah . Nadia wants to celebrate everything . Nice . Of course . Well , if you get bored or something . I 'm not an astronaut anymore . To Zoe ! Her destiny is elsewhere , but she will always be in our thoughts . - To Zoe , who was , is and will always be out of your league . Thanks , Wass . - To Number One ! May you always ride on top of the poll ( pole ) . On top of the pole ! He 's being lewd , Nadia . - Who cares ? I 'm number one . Alright ! More ! Moooaar ! Okay , we gonna need another round of the same , its on me . I 'm gonna need some help tomorrow with Zoe . Donner , Ted , you in ? Know anybody with a truck ? - I got a truck That thing ? Does it still run ? - Of course it still runs . You know , you 're a misogynist and a hopeless jerk . Did you know that ? - Hopeless jerk , maybe . You have no right to tell a woman she can 't experience the pain and suffering of having a relationship with a screwed up man . Seriously screwed up man . - With scars on his back . Who drinks to forget . - I 'll take my chances . " Caveat emptor " is all I 'm saying . And I 'll never say you didn 't warn me . You realize this can only lead to trouble ? Bring it on . If you don 't wanna be here , don 't be here . You 're no fun tonight , Donner . I 'll see you tomorrow . I keep putting on fresh makeup but I can 't seem to stop crying . I wish it weren 't Donner . - It was always Donner . Zoe and Donner What the hell do these things want from us ? I don 't know , but they are changing you physically , to do it . - Extension to what happened to Ajay and Rollie ? - Only at a genetic level . And it 's happening to all of us ? Including Eve . How could they keep this from us ? From me ? I 'm sorry . Not my choice . And they will hang me if they find out I told you . Understood . We should check the crews genomes every week , you 'll be more secure doing it up there as part of the routine . - Yeah You realize this can only lead to trouble . Bring it on . What are you looking at ? - The eagle . Yeah . It 's a good omen . It was there yesterday too . Doesn 't mean its bad . Maybe it 's just trying to tell you about a new opportunity . Maybe it wants you to stay . You really think I 'd cut it ? As an astronauts girl ? As support ? I didn 't say support . - Watching you guys go to work everyday ? Resenting every single mission because I couldn 't be there too . Hanging out at Major Toms , listening to all your stories ? I want my life to be my life . My successes . My failures . My choices . I can 't live around my dream without being a part of it . Goodbye , Maddux Donner . We are T-1 hour to entry burn Roger that . Suit is fully pressurized . All systems nominal . I 'm being positioned in the stand . You 're in . So , did you figure out what you 're gonna say ? Yeah , I 'm thinking : " I just peed in my pants " . Memorable . - Always go with the truth . Hey . I 'll be back in a couple of hours . Bring me back one I can see ? I took it off the flight deck . I figured you need it more down here . Thanks , Paula . God bless you . I wish I was going with you . You good ? - Right where I wanna be . You ? - Hell yeah . Alright guys , lets burn some fuel . Crossbow , you are go to start lander separation . Cut her loose . Internal power distribution ? - Power 's nominal APU 's are nominal . - Propulsion systems ? Propellant is pressurized . All systems showing green . Guidance set to entry and landing ? GSE set terciary . - Okay , last load . Do all geologists carry their rocks along with them ? And pick-axes , and surprisingly heavy shovels ? We are pack rats . Yes . Although I was planning on staying a little longer . I 'm sorry . What time is the train ? - Six . She wants to get there early . It 's not even noon yet . Maybe we could grab lunch or just a cool drink . - She wants to get out , Ajay . Right . Of course . I guess Donner and Ted are a no-show . Yeah , Ted 's not picking up his phone . Shocker . And , Donner couldn 't stay . Sorry . It 's okay . I don 't mind . So you gonna tell me how it went ? Nah . You didn 't tell him anything , did you ? That 's be the last thing I do . This one will be the real images . And this will be the cover recordings of Zoe picking up rocks . Now all you have to do - Is lie . You do understand why we need to do this ? Until we find out what they are , the world isn 't ready for the truth . So we smooth it over a little . That 's right . Sure . I can do that for ten minutes . Do you mind if we say a prayer first ? Not religious but I 'm a praying fool * * * Zoe and Donner , you good with a prayer ? Go for it , Paula . - I 'll take any help we can get . Lord , please protect our friends and collegues , Zoe and Donner , on this difficult task If we 're facing evil , protect us . If we 're facing you , protect us . All we are seeking is the truth , and in your name we serve . Amen . Amen . Amen . - Amen . Amen . Donner ? - I said " Amen " How 's the look outside ? - Looks really kinda awesome . It 's giving me butterflies . Seeing any eagles out there ? Yeah . Yeah , right above the clouds . Great big one , Big ol ' wingspan . - Nice . This is one of those days . Yes it is . Leave some of that bag for me . I thought you and Jen would help Zoe move ? I thought you had that covered . No , she kicked me out . What , last day ? - This morning . So why you hittin that bag like that ? I always hit this bag . No you don 't . Not like that . You asked him to leave ? - Yeah And he left . You let him out and he will run No , I wanted him to run . A Maddux Donner , a Mr. " Ive had a vasectomy " , tragic American hero , is nothing but trouble for you . I 'd be miserable with him , not being in the program , what would I do here ? So why did you sleep with him ? Because , I ... wanted to say goodbye . Hell of a way to say goodbye . Yeah , but I did it . I said goodbye , as soon as I saw that eagle , I knew . The eagle ? - This morning again , lying there in his arms , and there is the eagle , right outside the window , telling me to take flight , and move on . You 're not doing this because of a bird , are you ? No , I 'm not . It 's a sign . This is a turning point . Like Mintz said . There is before eagle , and there is after eagle . And I am now , you know , post-eagle . Okay , your rocks are all packed . Thank you . So it looks like we have about five hours . Yeah , and you 're not spending them alone . Excuse me , where did you have those done ? Crossbow , you are clear for entry burn . Antares , you have the comm . We are T-1 minute to entry burn . Roger that . - Copy . Antares , give me burn initiation sequence on my mark . Initiation sequence ready . And ... mark - Line six. zero two zero niner , six , zero , two , zero , three , zero . 40 seconds to burn . You ready ? - Yeah . 40 seconds . Standing by . Venus ' atmosphere is extremely dense . This makes entry all the more critical , and communication with the ship impossible . For the next eight minutes , Crossbow will be out of touch It is as close as we humanly can come to a descent into hell . Twenty seconds . - Roger that . Twenty . Altitude scale at five . Donner ? If anything happens , I Ten seconds , nine ... - We 're gonna grease this , Zoe . Eight Seven Six Five Four Three Two One Here we go . Gods speed , Crossbow . See you on the other side . Seven minute mark . Seven minutes . - Should be soon . Shield separation in one minute . Zoe , what 's your status ? All nominal . Antares , this is Crossbow . Antares , come in . Antares , this is Crossbow . Do you read ? This is Antares , Crossbow . Glad you made it through . You and me both , was shake ' n ' bake all the way . Smells like chicken dinner from here . Any shield damage ? Negative , we got all systems in the green , shield separation in three , two , one Shield is free . Fido , do we have have a position on them ? Coming in now . Flight , they 've been blown out of the cone . How far ? - Two degrees south . Donner , we have you two degrees off ideal flight path . - Copy that . Yeah , affirmative , uhm ... We 're getting a push from some wind . I 'm gonna try correct manually . Paula , give me a fuel rate countdown . Roger that . What happens if they miss ? Zoe can 't walk more than 100 meters and make it back alive . If we miss , we 're collecting some rocks and aborting Donner , you 're gonna get me close , right ? Yeah , shouldn 't see this much wind down on the surface . This bus is going right to your front door . Arnel ? - Sweet , huh ? You should see the box they had me in , think they give the best apartments to the girls ? This is gonna be my marker . The day I moved on . This one That 's a big tat , I can downsize it . This size is okay . Where ? Back on my left shoulder . Book a time , we should do this in multiple sessions . We do it today . All at once . Donner , you 're still two degrees off . Yeah , it 's all I can do to keep that . We 're burning through some fuel down here . 100 meters . Descending at 7 m / sec . Donner , fuel 's at 5 % . 40 sec to auto-abort . 70 meters . Down at 7 , drifting at 5 . They 're five degrees out . Come on . Oh , come on , this wind gotta to die soon . Sixty meters . Down at 7 , drift at 5 . 20 seconds to touchdown . Flight , he 's going to miss . - Donner , get it close ! He 's almost at auto-abort . He can 't burn any more fuel . Donner , don 't fight it . Just bring it down . Twenty meters . Down at 5 , 00 : 10 seconds . Auto-abort initiated - No , we 're almost down Canceling abort . I 'm setting her down . Down at 2 . 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 Contact . And we 're down . Antares , Crossbow has landed . Venus base is secure . - copy that , Venus base . How far from the object ? How close are we , Donnor ? From the object we are - 286 meters . 286 meters . That ' too far . We can 't get it from here . Uhhh , Mission Control , we copy . 286 meters from the object . So much for destiny . I guess it just doesn 't want us to pick it up . Maybe it 's better this way . So that 's it ? There was a crosswind , you can only fight that so much . You never know how you 're gonna react to those life changing moments . There was a guy in Stockton , California who won 50 million in the lottery and then drove himself of a cliff . Some people react badly no matter what the news . - What do they want us to do ? Control , what do you want us to do ? Others let it roll off their backs and move on . - We got 20 minutes to get off that planet . Let 's pick up some rocks , put on a show for the folks back home And then get the hell out . And figure out our next step once we get them back on the ship . Let 's put on a good face , people . Zoe is now emerging from the lander . She 's being lowered by the same stand that supported her during the descent . I am descending to Venus . Hull is nominal . The atmosphere is incredibly thick . There is lightning to the right She 's down . Mark the day with a footprint A step forward in the path of man . That was really nice , Zoe . How 's the suit ? All nominal . I 'm stepping away from the ship . The fact is that good or bad , those days that change our lives don 't go away . You put a marker in the road , and you move on . And hope that the next life changing moment will go your way . - Excuse me , somebody said they saw you talking to a blonde woman with a couple of friends Pressure is making the suit creak . It 's amazing . Are you getting that , Donner ? Yeah , video is coming in crystal clear . No . That . The baby . Baby ? I 'm sorry , Zoe , can you repeat that last ? Oh , Zoe . - Did she just say baby ? It 's her hallucination , it 's talking to her . She 's changing direction . I don 't hear anything . Turn around and come back to the lander , Zoe . She 's going towards it . Towards Gamma . Zoe , come in , copy ? Come on back . Zoe ! - I can get it . I can get it , Donner . She might be able to make it to Gamma , She 'll never make it back . Sync , Spell Checked by Ikatiz
