 Previously on Fringe ... A storm is coming , and when it is over , I fear there will be little left of our world . They are looking for someone , someone to open the door between universes . Laston-Hennings Cryonics was hit . They took everything . All the cryo-capsules are gone . They found who they were looking for . Remember this symbol . It 's hidden on their leader . That 's how you 'll know him . And if they find him , there will be no stopping them , and that is why you must find him first . A girl in a red dress ... flowers in her hair . What kind of flowers ? I 'm not sure . Thank you , Mr. Slater . It will come . Heather ... The flowers in her hair . The flowers in her hair are Heather . I think so . Yes . Container . Now hold very still . I assure you there will be no pain . Let 's close him up . Hold on . We 've got activity . Code gray , corridor B. We have two minutes , maybe three . My sincere apologies . I 'd rather not leave you in such a state . Mr. Slater ? Help me . _ . • ´ ¯ ¯ LIAISON ¯ ¯ ` • . _ ¯ ` • . _ _ Team _ _ . • ´ ¯ Retrouvez-nous chaque semaine ... pour découvrir les énigmes de Saison 2 Épisode 10 - Grey Matters - Bon épisode ... Special agent Olivia Dunham with the FBI . These two men are consultants ... Peter Bishop and Dr. Walter Bishop . We 're here to investigate the break-in . And you 're Dr. Bishop ? And I 'm perfectly sane . Joseph Slater has been a patient here for the last 14 years . When he was admitted , he was diagnosed with acute paranoid schizophrenia . His file said that he suffered from delusions , false memories , severe emotional swings . Every symptom of the condition , he exhibited each one . - Until last night . - That 's right . And within an hour , after discovering what had been done to Mr. Slater , the change in his behavior is nothing short of remarkable . So basically , two guys broke in , cut a big hole in his head and did what , drove him sane ? As unlikely as it sounds , yes . And just as strange , we can 't find evidence that they did anything to him . Mr. Slater 's brain is structurally intact . We ran blood tests , tox screens ... nothing came back unusual . We 'll need to see his medical reports . - And also his personal history . - Of course . Doctor , I 'd like to see the patient . That 's where we 're going right now , to see Mr. Slater . No , Peter , we 're going to see a sane man . I 'd like to see him when he was a patient . The girl in the red dress ... chrysanthemums in her hair . Her mother grows them in a box on the window sill . And where does this little girl live ? Across the street . No , Joseph , she doesn 't . She moved . She was never there . What did you do with her ? What did you do ? What did you do with her ? You give her back . Give her back ! Bring her back ! Bring her back ! And you can 't describe either of the men ? No . To be honest , I can barely remember them . My first clear memory of last night , I was turning from my window , and miss Holbrook was standing there ... One of the nurses , she was scared . And they raced me to the medical ward . But what struck me ... was that I felt unburdened , like my mind had had a spring cleaning , - like I was suddenly ... - Free . And I seem to remember them being ... pleasant , polite even ... But beyond that , nothing . I 'm sorry . That 's okay . Anything else ? Not right now . Thank you . Okay , in that case , Mr. Slater , your wife is here . They tell me that she came to visit me twice a week . I think I remember being horrible to her . I think it 'll be fine . She 's right outside . Thank you . He 's a lucky man . 17 years that I was in St. Claire 's , never a single visitor . I wasn 't trying to make you feel guilty , son . It was just an observation . Have you had any theories on how this man is suddenly sane ? Not yet , but I 'm eager to . A remedy for insanity , as you can imagine , I have thought long and hard about it . There they are . You see that lock ? Can you zoom in right there ? That 's a lypticro-crypto . It 's top of the line . And these guys took it down like it 's a bicycle lock . Whoever these guys are , they 're either very smart , very rich , or very well-connected . Can you play that bit back ? What ? Freeze it right there , when he turns around . I know that face . Can I use this ? And some privacy , if you don 't mind . You know him ? Where do you know him from ? From Laston-Hennings Cryonics . Are you referring to the theft of the frozen heads ? William Bell told me that the people from over there , the people that tried to kill me , that killed Charlie , they were looking for someone . They were looking for their leader . I 've been combing through Laston-Hennings ' files , trying to figure out , of all the heads they took , which was the one that they wanted ? I 've been looking at these faces for the last two months . Are you really trying to tell us that he is one of the heads that they stole ? Fine . Let 's say for a second that you 're right . Frozen heads don 't just get up and walk into places . The dead don 't rise out of their graves and perform midnight brain surgery . No . I know they don 't . But this one did . " Thomas Jerome Newton . " So what do we know about him so far ? Besides his name , nothing . Thomas Jerome Newton was the name on record at Laston-Hennings Cryonics . But it was an alias . It led nowhere . William Bell told me the man with that marking would try to open a corridor from our universe to the other side . I managed to infer that the results would be less than desirable . Exactly how much less desirable ? Global destruction ... biblical proportions . So what 's that have to do with sneaking into a mental hospital to perform brain surgery on a schizophrenic ? You 're leaving out the part where they apparently cured him . As opening moves go , that one 's pretty strange . Where 's Dr. Bishop on this ? He 's trying to figure out exactly how they cured Slater . If he can do that , maybe we can anticipate Newton 's next move . There 's no maybe . I don 't know what Newton 's up to but I know what I have to do . I have to stop him . Mr. Slater 's referring doctor was a psychiatrist called Simon Paris . Let 's see if you could locate Dr. Paris , please , dear . I have some questions about Mr. Slater 's medical history before his admission to Hennington . Sure . Why , what are you looking for ? Not sure . Something that would induce the delusional thinking . Some thing ? Something or someone . You mean you think that someone made him crazy on purpose ? It 's a theory . The truth is there is no cure for madness . It 's a fantasy . The road back from madness is a struggle . Only the luckiest of people find their way , more or less , back to the world you live in . And from what we saw of Mr. Slater , well , my only supposition is that he wasn 't mad to begin with . There is no Simon Paris in the AMA database . He 's not on the membership roster . - Does that mean that he died ? - It shouldn 't . Even if he had , there should still be a record . Mr. Paris ' RX number will be on Mr. Slater 's initial prescription when he was admitted . Check the pharmacy records . Why would someone do that , Walter ... make someone crazy ? Any number of reasons . It would make them insusceptible to interrogation . According to this , 14 years ago , Dr. Paris set up an indefinite prescription of medications for Mr. Slater . No termination date . This is interesting . In the same week , he wrote the same prescription for two other patients . In the same week ? At two other hospitals . I 'll call Olivia . And when I woke up , I felt like I had been out drinking the night before . Only the night lasted 14 years . It says here that you suffered from a severe form of obsessive-compulsive disorder . " Arithmomania " they call it . You 're obsessed with numbers . Just one , actually ... 28 . I 'd see it everywhere , hear it everywhere . I could never get it out of my head . 28 , 28 . Then ... last tuesday morning , I woke up , and it was gone , just like that . Suddenly I was free . Your doctors have no explanation ? Between you and me , I think that 's why they 're keeping me here . One of them is probably hoping to get a paper out of it . So what does this have to do with the FBI ? We 're not sure . Maybe nothing . Do you mind if we take a look at your head ? - My head ? - It should only take a minute . Is there somewhere that you could sit down ? Excuse me . What are you looking for ? It 's here . A fresh scar , but there are no sutures . Looks more like the burn from a surgical laser . I don 't understand . What kind of scar ? What are you saying happened to me ? Did you have any visitors during your stay here ? My husband , my son . What about the doctor who referred you ... Dr. Paris ? Never . I only saw him a couple times before he sent me here . But it was Dr. Paris who diagnosed the arithmomania , right ? He saw me for mild depression , postpartum . Told me I needed to rest a few weeks and sent me here . The arithmomania just started one day . - How we doing ? - It should work , but we took too long getting to Slater . The first specimen 's dying . The nutrient bath won 't keep it alive for more than another five hours , - six if we 're lucky . - Then we better get moving . Third patient , Stuart Gordon . Just like Mrs. Crampton . 14 years ago , Dr. Paris refers him to a mental hospital with the psychiatric equivalent of a cough , which then develops into full-blown schizophrenia . Two days ago , he miraculously recovers . Apparently Mr. Gordon thought he was the actor Sydney Greenstreet and walked around quoting Casablanca . That 's funny . What ? He looks a lot more like Peter Lorre . That 's a joke . You know , all my life I 've been able to understand what drives people ... Their emotions , like greed or envy or revenge . But ... Newton ... These people we 're up against ... How can I fight what I can 't understand ? I know you think you 're alone in this . Maybe that 's because of what Bell told you . Maybe that 's just your personality . But this isn 't just your fight . That was Olivia . Stuart Gordon is just like the others . Two days ago , he woke up perfectly sane . He 's got a fresh scar on the back of his head . I must have missed something . When did Mr. Slater have an organ transplant ? I 'm sorry ? One of the drugs that Dr. Paris prescribed is sirolimus ... It 's an anti-rejection drug . It 's only given to organ-transplant patients . It 's absolutely useless for a paranoid schizophrenic . It suggests that not only has Dr. Paris vanished , he 's a quack ! Unless he 's a genius . What ? Organ transplants . The human brain . Well , half of one . But it 's useless dead , Because when you remove brain tissue from a living body , you can keep it alive for a short time in a nutrient suspension . But eventually it will die . It 's a problem I 've tried to solve many times without success . - Keeping a human brain alive ? - It 's very tricky . You see , it 's not enough to simply give it blood and oxygen . You have to give it electrical stimulation as well . But ... Dr. Paris found a solution . He stored ... the brain tissue inside of another brain . I 'm sorry , I don 't follow . What brain tissue ? Our mental patients ' . Mr. Slater , Mrs. Crampton , and Mr. Condon . Gordon . These are a few years old . But you see the slight discoloration here ? Normally that would be interpreted as machine error . But this is not a machine error . This is foreign tissue . That 's why they were all on anti-rejection drugs . So the surgeries that Newton performed ... He was removing transplanted brain tissue . And my hypothesis explains the patients ' madness . Putting the tissue of one person into the brain of another is ... It 's like putting a motorcycle engine into a car . It 's simply incompatible . Of course , because the host mind would have no way to process the new information . Thus , the mental distress . The false memories , delusions . But as soon as you remove the foreign tissue , - then they 're fine . - Correct . Hi , this is doctor West . You asked me to see if we had any information on Dr. Paris at our facility ... we didn 't . - All right . Well , thank you for ... - I 'm not finished . We also checked with some of our affiliated facilities . That just leaves more questions . Why cut out someone 's brain and store it inside other people ? - And whose brain is it ? - That 's a good question , of course . And I have no idea . Can I ... speak to you a moment ? You said that you never had any visitors in your time at St. Claire 's , right ? That 's right . According to their records , Dr. Paris visited you on six separate occasions . You mind if I take a look at your head ? It 's there . It 's different . It 's older . But ... It 's definitly like a scar . I can see from your chart that you 've been through this procedure before , several times , in fact . This is not a good idea , Peter . These MRI machines have magnets that rip the metal out of the patients . And I have that tracking chip implanted in my neck ... the GPS locator . You have absolutely nothing to worry about , because it 's made out of silicon . And you know as well as I do that it won 't be affected by the machine . Maybe some valium would help . I don 't do valium nearly enough . That 's a good idea . I 'll have 50 milligrams , please . Well ... that 's quite a high dosage . I have quite a high tolerance . All right . You 're going to be fine . It 's a routine procedure . And the valium will take care of any claustrophobia you might be feeling . I 'm not worreid about claustrophobia , Peter . What do you think that man did to me ? I don 't know , Walter . But we 're going to find out , okay ? You okay ? Walter wanted to stick around and wait for the results , but there 's Walter on drugs , and then there 's Walter on drugs . I had Astrid take him home . You see the look on his face when we were talking to Mr. Slater ? What do you think that 's like for him ... wishing that he could turn back the clock to before he went crazy ? He 's just sane enough to realize how much he 's lost . I don 't mean to sound callous but ... from what I know of your father , going crazy made him a better person . It certainly made him a better father . I should have visited him in St. Claire 's . I think you 're making up for that now . I 've reviewed the scans of your father 's brain . - And ? - You should take a look . I 've never seen anything like it . Three scars , all on the same side in the left temporal lobe . These incisions go all the way down into the gray matter . I 'm not following . Walter didn 't have brain tissue implanted . He had it removed . Yes , from the hippocampus . And as far as I can tell , there would be - no medical reason for it . - So what does it do , the hippocampus ? It controls our inhibitions , helps store long-term memory , contributes to our sense of spatial awareness . Do you have the scans of the other three patients ? - What are you thinking ? - Hold on one second . This is the piece they put in Slater . Look ... It 's a perfect fit . I took too much valium . Confusion , dizziness , nausea . I think I must have miscalculated the dose . Maybe we should take you to a hospital , Walter . I don 't want to go to a hospital . I need Violet Sedan Chair . Walter , you 're not making any sense . My dear , Violet Sedan Chair , it 's a band . Their debut album ... always helps me come down from a valium high . It 's in the lab . We should go ... No , you ... You do the driving . I might puke in your car . Why don 't you stay here and rest and let me get it ? - That might be the best . - I 'll be back . It must be Paris . He must have removed pieces of Walter 's brain . But why ? And why preserve them ? Memory . The hippocampus ... Memory storage . Bell told you that Newton wants to open a door to the other side , right ? We already know that Walter 's done that . He just can 't remember how . That is why he can 't remember . He literally had the memories removed . No way . - So then how does Newton read them ? - In theory , he shouldn 't be able to . But in theory , he should still be a frozen head . So in the department of how to make impossible things possible , what would he need to do ? He would need to ... implant the memories into a brain that could interpret them . - Where are you and Walter ? - I 'm going to the lab . He 's at your house . He sent me to get him an album . - How long ago ? - Five minutes ago . You 've got to get back there . Walter is in danger . I 'm on my way . Calm down , agent Farnsworth . You don 't have to wake the whole neighborhood . He was already gone when I got here . I 'm sorry . Peter , I shouldn 't have left him . It 's not your fault . You didn 't know . I got an idea . Last week when Walter got lost , he did exactly what you 'd expect Walter to do . He implanted a transponder chip into his neck so that if he ever got lost , I could find him . He can 't be far . Let 's go . Hold still , please . This wont hurt a bit . I 'm sorry , do we know each other ? We will . This is a mild sedative , something to calm your nerves . I 've already had 50 milligrams of valium . Then this should be very enjoyable . Dunham , what 's your 20 ? We 're two blocks south of the Boylston T stop . Boston PD is sending an entry and apprehension unit . I 'm sending them to your location . Keep going . Keep going , and take the next left you see . The human brain is a fascinating organ . But it 's not static . Removal will damage a section . It reroutes the connections and grows in new pathways . Now , figuring out where the old connections once were can be very tricky . Take the next left . Here . He 's down here ! Go , go , go ! Move , move ! They found the chip . I 'm going to show you a series of photos . When you see an image , I want you to tell me the first thing that comes to mind . There are no right or wrong answers . But ... please tell me the truth . If you don 't , I 'll know . You 're using associations to map my brain function , locate my neural pathways . Are you trying to fix me ? I 'm afraid not . Tell me what you think when you see this . My first semester of organic chem . My lab partner and I used to sit up in the back , sniffing benzine fumes . I 'm sorry . I know this is difficult . It 's not working . He 's not making the connections . Should I recalibrate the machine ? We need to find something more powerful to stimulate his memory . Of course . Human memory is sensory based . Vision alone is not the strongest trigger . Sound ... and smell actually work better . We need ... a proper context . Walter said brain tissue can 't survive - for long outside a human body . - Which means they 've got to be close . We 've raised the alert level at every hospital , emergency care facility and outpatient clinic in the greater Boston area . We 're even calling veterinarians . That 's assuming that they need a hospital to complete the procedure . With their level of technology , we can 't know for sure . It 's a start and if we 're wrong , we 'll have to get creative . The girl in the red dress . How did I miss this ? The girl in the red dress , 28 , 28 , Sydney Greenstreet . Dr. Paris ' patients , they all had obsessions . Slater was always ranting about the girl who lived across the street , the one that we thought never existed . She did exist . She lived across the street from me when I lived in Cambridge as a kid . Her name was Sydney . She lived at 2828 Green Street . - So those were Walter 's memories . - Exactly . Memory is all about ... It 's all about context , all about association . Every time Walter asks for a piece of food or music or art , he 's trying to recreate a moment - in time to help him remember . - Which suggests what ? I don 't know . I don 't know . But if they 're trying to get him to remember how it was that he built a door to the other side , maybe ... Maybe they 're gonna take him to the place that he did it . Reiden Lake ... The lake house . That 's where he actually opened the door but it 's not where he had the thought . This place looks familiar . Last time I was here , it was a different season . The leaves were falling . Yes , this place exists in both worlds . You see , but on my side , the trees died long ago . And the same thing killed the grass . They call it the Blight . That 's terrible . It is , isn 't it ? Smith is on lookout , and I 've taken care of everything else . - You 're secured . - Good . Now , Dr. Bishop , I can see which areas of your brain can make sense of the data that 's stored in these slivers of flesh . In a perfect world , I would simply put it back , but I would never subject you to a process so crude . But this is the only way we can reconnect these pieces of your brain . - The connection is complete . - Now , Dr. Bishop ... you do know where you are , don 't you ? Of course I do . This is my home . - It 's working . - Where 's my wife ? Where 's my son ? You drugged me . Yes . And now ... I have a question for you . You once built a door . A door that let you walk between worlds . Tell me how you did it . How are things on your side ? Worse , I 'm told . I know why you built it , the door . I know what you lost . Now , are you going to pretend that you 're willing to lose him again ? Now , ... tell me ... about the door . We got company . They 're here . That 's okay . We 're done . We 've got what we need . My apologies , Dr. Bishop . Can you hear me ? Walter , can you hear me ? Hello , son . Would you help me ? It 's okay . I 'm ... I 'm with the FBI . They just left . Out the back ! Freeze ! FBI ! Come out of there . Okay , step down slowly . Keep your hands where I can see them . You so much as twitch , and you won 't have a head left to refreeze . Are they mine ? My brain tissue , Peter ... it 's dying . Whatever was in there ... memories I 'll never get back . It 's all right . You don 't need them . Hello , son . Hello , son . Look at me . I think there 's something you should know . It 's about Walter Bishop . He 's going to die unless you do exactly what I say . I injected him with a neurotoxin , and unless he gets the antidote in four minutes , it will kill him . Call it my fail-safe to ensure my escape . You 're bluffing . It 's me . They 've done something to Walter . I don 't know what it is , but I think maybe he 's been poisoned . His pulse is racing . What did you do to him ? Ask him if he sees a medical kit I left behind . You 've got to get back here . Please ! Please . I need your help . Listen to me . Do you see a medical kit ? Yeah , there 's one here on the table . Why ? There are three vials in the kit . Injected in the correct order , they neutralize the toxin . Tell me . Not yet . You have about two minutes until Dr. Bishop dies . At a flat run , I estimate about 40 seconds until you get back to him . Now , hand me your phone . When I hear you go back into the house , from Peter 's phone , I 'll tell you what to do . You 're crazy if you think I 'm letting you go . Please , I need your help . I think he 's dying . The choice is yours . You can have me ... or Walter Bishop . One minute , forty-five seconds . Come on , Olivia . Please , you got to get back here . I need your help . Make your choice ... Me or Walter Bishop . Go to hell . Give me your phone ! Okay , you son of a bitch . Do you have the medical kit ? Got it . Okay , tell me how to do this . Blue , yellow , red . Blue , yellow , red . Now I know how weak you are . I have a terrible headache ... and a sudden craving for chicken wings . He was right . I made an emotional choice . I chose my friend over my responsibility . And we have no idea if Walter gave Newton the plans for the door . Walter doesn 't remember , and the brain tissue that Newton extracted is dead . - And Dr. Paris ? - Nothing . He 's vanished . So all we have is more questions . I mean , who is Paris ? How did Newton know about Walter 's memories ? And why did they let Walter live ? I suspect that 's the way this is going to be . The more answers we get , the more questions they 'll lead to . - We didn 't get any answers . - Sure we did . We 've given our enemy a name and a face . That 's something . And you saved Dr. Bishop 's life . That 's something too , because despite what you think , you made a rational choice , not an emotional one . If you had captured Newton or even killed him , that wouldn 't have been the end of this . But there 's only one Walter Bishop ... and we 'll be needing him before this is over . Don 't be so hard on yourself . We 're gonna be needing you too . They just want to make sure that everything 's okay . I know . I should have visited you , Walter , while you were in St. Claire 's . That 's okay , Peter . If you had , I probably wouldn 't have remembered anyway . I 'll be right outside if you need me . He 's ready , Dr. Paris . His system is completely clean ? No sedatives , no antidepressants ? - The electrodes are in place . - Good . Are you comfortable ? Comfortable ? I 'm frightened , Belly . I wish there was another way . But what you 've accomplished ... it 's just too dangerous . But what if we ever have to go back ? Don 't worry . Your memory ... I 'll put it in a place that only I can find . Now , listen to me , Walter . You designed a door to the other side . I want you to think about that door .
