 Piss off , cripple ! Piss off yourself , before my doggie gives you a terminal shafting . Bambara ! Piss off ! Piss off , bitch ! This is what happens when a great deal of intelligence is invested in ignorance . When the need for illusion is deep . Piss off , punks ! I am the source of your salvation . Hand me the custodian . Providing conscience for those who have none . Hi , my name is Bambara . I 'm a 36-year-old Virgo and a former killer ... whose hobbies include performing recreational autopsies ... defecating and drinking rum . I 've recently been given a conscience and would very much like to help you . Okay . I 'll never forget you . I love you . You 're what it 's all about . Blink once , you 're dead . Blink twice , you 're buried . Understand ? Now unpack yourself . Why are you following Bambara ? - We wish to purge him . - Purge him ? Purge him of what ? - His conscience . - What are you talking about ? Come with me . Behold ... the purging . - What 's 13 times nine ? - 117 . Good answer . You know , I could learn to love a provocateur such as yourself . Far out . Our agenda is all about counter-insurgency . Nothing less , nothing more . I don 't understand . What kind of insurrection are you countering ? An insurrection of false conscience . The custodian . - This is why you want Bambara ? - We want only to purge Bambara ... of the conscience Trevor Goodchild has implanted within him . What do you do with the custodians after they 've been purged ? You saw with your own eyes . We decrypt and re-purpose them . What if I purge Bambara for you ? Deliver it ? How ? By implanting it in yourself . Then tell me what I have to do . Please proceed along the runway ... to ensure maximal efficiency of processing . Please proceed to your designated consumption booth . Perusal of foodstuffs outside of your assigned booth is prohibited . Fire at will . Please proceed along the runway ... to ensure maximal efficiency of processing . Please proceed to your designated consumption booth . Perusal of foodstuffs outside of your assigned booth is prohibited . The suspect 's cabbage is uneaten , still fresh in the box . That 's the only thing unusual ? - No , sir , wait . There 's a ... - What ? There 's some sort of wound in her navel . No , it isn 't a wound , it 's a ... It looks surgical . Bring her in . Take her to biopsy and get back to me posthaste . Commander , Hostess Judy has just entered the food bank . Thank you , Captain . Please proceed to your designated consumption booth . Perusal of foodstuffs outside of your assigned booth is prohibited . Commander , I 've got a visual on someone I think is Aeon Flux . - Do you see her ? - Yes . I 've been monitoring the situation . - Is it her ? - Yes . What will you have me do ? Keep her in your sights and wait for further instructions . Please proceed along the runway ... to insure maximum efficiency of processing . Please proceed to the telebanks . Quantity of foodstuffs tendered ... will reflect the nutritional need of the customer ... as determined from an analysis of blood rendered to the teller . You 're not a Breen . You do not exist . Your door secures automatically . Please consume tendered portion in its entirety . Waste will result in malnutrition . - The exchange has been made . - What is the directive ? Your directives have not changed . Is that understood ? Yes , sir . I have a clean line on her . On your word . Fire . Cold meat , mutton pies Tell me when your mother dies I 'll be there to bury her Cold meat , mutton pies Tell me when your mother dies I 'll be there to bury her Cold meat , mutton pies Cold meat I 'll be there to bury her Cold meat , mutton pies Cold meat Piss off ! We 've got complications . Out of sight . - How do you feel ? - You 're drooling on me . I am a man of genius , therefore I can afford to drool on you . - Where am I ? - You are in my keep . How do you feel ? What have you done to me ? Go and do what we talked about earlier . Mutatis mutandis . He did what needed to be done . - Have I been implanted ? - Have you ? How do you feel ? - Well , are we ready then ? - Ready for what ? Welcome . Nothing like a little judicious levity , I always say . Welcome . Welcome , all over again . What is this ? What 's going on ? Ask yourself the question . Can you give yourself your own evil and your own good ? Don 't make the mistake of fencing with me . I know who I am and what I 'm still capable of . Yes , you have a very black mind indeed . You and your hostesses nearly ruined everything . But now that I have you in my custody , I may do with you what I please . I thought you already had . I have . I had . I will . I did . Don 't I ? Isn 't that right , Hostess Judy ? That 's right , Trevor . This is what happens . And , tell us , Judy , what you did before you were implanted . Well , I was involved in industrial espionage ... domination , humiliation , white slavery and false advertising . But now that I have my custodian ... I feel good . Real good . - And what is it that you do now ? - I write nursery rhymes . - Would you like to hear one ? - I would be delighted . Hinx , minx the old witch winks The fat begins to fry Nobody home but Jumping Joan Father , Mother , and I Stick , stock , stone dead Blind man can 't see Every knave will have a slave You or I must be he Isn 't that just brilliant ? Completely rehabilitated . It wouldn 't take much for me to kill you right now ! So what 's stopping you ? Kill me right now . That 's what I thought . You feel the hesitation , the doubt . You 're asking yourself , is it your conscience or my custodian ? Just because I don 't feel like doing something , doesn 't mean ... I 'm not capable of doing it . I agree . But then I could also say that ... those who cannot obey themselves must be commanded . You 're psychotic . You no longer have a common conscience with your fellow man . I never did . You see , I understand the will to evil . The will to evil is like an iron in a forge . There is only one way to shape it aright ... with a conscience , which is the fire . My children , Judy , Bambara ... it was for them I created the custodian , an artificial conscience ... a fire for those who had none . But you 've lost the substance . You 've lost the substance by grasping at the shadow . You wish to know whether or not you have been implanted . You want to confirm your autonomy of will . - Yes . - You 'd also like to leave this place alive . - Yes ? - Yes . Then leave . You are free to go . Your conscience will tell you what to do . I have no conscience . You know what I mean . That is not important . The important thing is that you know . Man alive , Goodchild ! You give me the hinks ! Watch it , governor . Remember me ? Tell the little witches to piss off ! Piss off , little witches . Now tell that big witch , the one that tried to kill me , to come over here . No need to make her suffer . It 's me that you want . Everyone deserves to suffer because everyone is to blame . You made me cut off my left arm and give it to a little boy . And she tried to kill me ! Piss off ! Oh , the flesh will be tearing at the opera house tonight . You 're nothing but a dirty carbuncle , festering in the corner ! No need to get uptight , people . I was merely making an observation .
