 Feeding time . Evening , Davis . How you doing , Mr. Novak ? Redskins beat the Ravens yesterday . I lost 15 bucks to Dr. Ramsey . Word of advice , never bet against a mathematician . There 's been a security breach in detention cell B Novak . Cells are empty , sir . All 3 are empty , they have escaped . - Let 's secure the building . - Yes , sir . - Hayes , help him . - Yes , sir . Molly , we have a serious problem down here . Novak attacked Adams took his pass card , weapon too . He 's released Janklow and Sanford . Alright , the building been sealed and we got snipers covering every exit point . They won 't get far . - Cavanaugh , what 's going on ? - We got two men down badly wounded . No sign of them . It 's like they disappeared . These buildings use thermal sensors to manage climate control , isn 't that right ? About a dozen on every floor . Ok , according to Fenway , the alien metabolism is a lot higher than ours , they give off more heat . - Will look for temperature spikes . - Yeah , let 's check every level . There , right there ! Temperature has jumped by 12 % . Cavanaugh , they are on level 8 , eastern junction . They 're heading upward , level 9 .. 10 . They 're in the elevator . Cavanaugh , what 's your status ? Cavanaugh ? - Clear , all clear . - All the prisoners are accounted for . Looks like they were headed toward the Med Lab . Get them back in their cells . Med Lab ? - Why go there ? - To get to their fellow infectees ? - We need to know how this happened . - I can tell you one thing ... It won 't happen again . It 's time we move these people out of here . Translated by awaqeded from Undertexter. se subs . Sgt. Adams . Your breach in security procedures nearly resulted in the escape of 3 infected prisoners . Lucky for you they 're back in their cells . Otherwise , I 'd have you court-martialed . I followed standard operating procedure to the letter , sir . To the letter ? You tried to feed a prisoner without an additional guard present . What were you thinking ? - Davis was present , sir . - Davis doesn 't come on until 2200 . - I saw him , I spoke to him . - He 's at home , Adams ! I don 't understand . - Adams ? - Permission to report to Med lab , sir . We need some help in here ! . Get Dr Fenway now ! - Adams has been infected . - How is that possible ? I don 't know yet , but somehow his DNA is being modified into are Alien triple helix . That accounts for his unusual symptoms . He has been around the infected prisoners every day . Maybe , prolonged exposure has something to do with this ? Doubtful , I have logged more hours around them than anyone else and I am not infected . Trust me , this contagion is not airborne . Adams was attacked by Novak . Maybe it happened then ? I want you to test all the guards who work in that detention block . Make sure he is the only one . I want every scrap of information we have on him . He 's asking a lot of questions . Ordinarily , I like to tell the patient what he 's facing but then that would be a violation of your sacred protocols . Save your sarcasm , Doctor . I happen to agree . He deserves to know the truth . I 'll tell him , myself . In the meantime , no one enters or exits this building until we 've tested every guard . All the prisoners have been secured , Mr. Whitaker . But still no idea how this Sgt. Adams was exposed ? No , but none of the other security guards have tested positive for infection . Well , thank God for that . Have you ever given it any thought about moving all these prisoners to a more secure location ? That 's the plan . Housing them at Threshold was only a stop gap measure until the tank was complete . It 's an underground facility in the West Virginia mountains . Highly secure . Very good . How long until they are all out of here ? Well , Gunneson and have Drennan have to be kept in the Med lab . In his comatose state , Gunneson may not survive the journey . And Dr. Fenway wants to keep studying the Drennan baby . So that leaves five infectees and I have allotted a day for each . - You 're moving them one at a time ? - Different routes , different times . Each to be chosen within an hour of departure . Have you considered moving them all at once ? Five trips means five chances of something going wrong . If something were to go wrong then we would only have one infectee to deal with . I agree . - These infectees are extremely dangerous . - All the more reason to expedite this . - Sir , you do know what they are capable of ? - After last night 's little fiasco , Do you really to lecture me on the risks of underestimating our prisoners ? We 're less than eight blocks from the White House here . If they had escaped ... You still have two infected crewman from the Big Horn out there , Captain Manning and Crewman Pena . And you know they 're planning something , hell they could be in D.C. right now ! You should be using your resources to capture them not chauffeuring inmates one at a time . I 'm not sure it is your place for you to tell me how I should be doing things . Really ? Last time I checked the President made me National Security Advisor . This isn 't about rank . It 's about tactics . And I 've been spent a great deal of time thinking about how to deal with these infectees . Listen Molly , you have written a brilliant plan , nobody is disputing that . But even you got to admit that it 's not perfect . So move them all at once and will do it by tomorrow night . Are we all agreed ? - Tomorrow night ? - That 's when the trucks hit the road . How are those new restraints coming along ? Great , just great , but I thought I had two more weeks to finish them . - Can you have five pairs by tomorrow night ? - Do I have a choice ? - Not really . It 'll be close , but I think we can do it . - Lucas ? - Then the answers , yes . Dr. Caffrey wants you to calculate a routing plan for the convoy . All right . I factor in traffic patterns , travel time , road and weather conditions . I 'll find the path of least resistance . Give the plan to Cavanaugh , he 's in charge of transport . - Any word about how Adams got infected ? - Not yet . You two were friendly , right ? Before he was assigned to watch the prisoners he used to guard my hotel room . We 'd stay up late at night , playing poker . Very unwise on his part , but he 's a good guy . - How did I get it ? - We 're not sure . So this triple helix is inside my body , right now ? Afraid so . And it 's rewriting my DNA , turning me into a monster . We don 't know the final results ... But I am going to end up like one of those people downstairs ? And there is nothing you can do to stop it ? I 'm working on a vaccine . So they answer is no ? We 're going to do our best to help you . Thanks for telling me the truth . Whatever happens to me , Dr. Caffrey . I want you to know I 'm proud to be a part of the fight - Maybe you can still help . - What do you mean ? We 've got you hooked up to everything but the coffee machines . So we have all the medical data we need . But we can 't get inside your head . If you could describe what 's happening to you . It would give us insight into the bio-forming process . Blow by blow of my final days as a human , huh ? Everything we learn from you can teach us how to fight it . Yeah , ok , I 'll do it . - But I want one thing in return ... - What 's that ? If you can 't save me ; If I turn into one of those things Then I want you to kill me . - It 's not going to come to that , Mr. Adams . - Tell that to the people downstairs . I don 't know if you understand what you 're asking ? I watched them you know ? Every day . They 're not human anymore . And I want to die human . I know exactly what I am asking . Do we have a deal ? Are you insane ? I can 't believe you 'd even consider this . This information could save millions of lives . It 's what he wants , I am willing to make that deal . - His life doesn 't mean anything ? - Of course it does . But we should all have the right to choose our own fate . Tell it to the Supreme Court . Oh , give me a break . Since when does Nigel Fenway have respect for the law ? You brought me so here to save lives , not to take them . If it actually comes to it , the life we take won 't be human . What if I find a cure two months from now , how would you feel then ? That will be my problem to deal with . If you really want to save his life , I suggest you stop questioning my authority and get back to work . I guess what surprises me is what an easy decision this is for you . You 're a smart man and you know damn well that nothing about this is easy for me . Morning , Miss Caffrey . Morning . You 're working kind of early aren 't you , Carl ? My wife had the baby last night . A little boy . Yeah , I 'm just squeezing in my rounds , then it 's right back to the hospital . - Wow , congratulations ? - Thanks , this goes in the den , right ? . Yeah , right by the bookcase . Six pounds and seven ounces . Looks just like me . We 're hoping he grows out of it . Have you picked a name , yet ? Well , I wanted to name him after me but my wife thinks that Carl Jr. sounds like that burger place . - What did you decide on ? - Noah . Cute name . - What are you doing here ? - Whoa , hey , what is this ? There were two men in a parked car outside . What did you do to them ? - What are you talking about ? - What did you do to them ! I don 't know anything about two men . Just put down the gun down , ok ? Stay back ! - Miss Caffrey , please ... - Stay back ! I don 't want to hurt you , Molly . - Who are you ? - There 's someone who wants to see you . Get down on the floor . Now ! The agents surveiling your house were found unconscious near their car . There badly beaten but they 'll be okay . I know they wouldn 't have left their post without calling me . This guy had some pretty good moves for a water guy . - Did he say where he wanted to take you ? - No . Dr. Caffrey , I just ran the DNA test . This man was not infected . What ? He was killed instantly by the stun shell . That can 't be ! Is there a chance this has no connection to Threshold ? Maybe this is nothing more than an assault or an attempted robbery ? Run his DNA through CODIS , maybe he 's got a record . I mean if he wasn 't one of them , then who was he ? I always get nervous around this much voltage . Relax , these restraints are harmless unless you break them apart . and I doubt you are strong enough to do that . - 200 Amps . You sure that will be enough ? - Yeah , that 's what we pack in our stun shells . If any of the prisoners try to break free during transport the charge will kick in and Zap , down for the count . Damn ! I burned myself . You got to learn to slow down , alright ? Just pace yourself . - Strange advice coming from you . - What 's that supposed to mean ? - Lab 101C . - What ? You used to dread going into that room . Fluid dynamics was your worst subject in grad school . You rushed through every experiment remember ? What 's your point ? Threshold is no different . You 're terrified of failing . Only thing is now there is a lot more at stake than a failing grade . I got through that class , and I 'll get through this . You sure ? You might want to have someone look at that burn . - I 'm having a headache again . - Is it the same as before ? No , the pain 's duller . - It 's moving up my spine to the back of the head . - Your vital signs are stable . - How 's he doing ? - Surprisingly lucid . I always assumed that the mental faculties was first to go , but he 's proving me wrong . The travel time to the facility is 3 hours 42 minutes . I figure you would want to adjust the sedative dosage to the prisoners . - Can I talk to him ? - I 'd rather you didn 't . Come on , Nigel , whatever happened to visiting hours ? The guy is a friend of mine . Alright , be brief . I hope you are not here for your 50 bucks . Well if you think all of this is going to get you out of it , you are sadly mistaken . Redskins , Jets this weekend , double or nothing . You 're on . I hear they 're moving those prisoners from downstairs because of the mistake I made . It was not your fault , you were sick . Is that why you made that ridiculous deal with Caffrey ? To punish yourself ? I don 't want to become one of them , Ramsey . You know me , I ' not the alien type . - What if Fenway finds a cure ? - What if he doesn 't ? Seriously , what would you do in my position ? Dr. Fenway might be a pain in the ass , but he 's brilliant , brilliant Doctor . And he will find a way . Don 't let that go to your head , Nigel . Seriously man . Come on . You better be damn sure about this because kind of a permanent decision . And some of us ... would like to see you stick around . Visiting hours are over , Ramsey . - You know what ? Should I ? - By all means . Hey , Nigel ! We got an I.D. on your water delivery man . His real name is Dennis Lundy . He served in the Navy Seal 's special elite recon unit . - Munitions expert . - That explains how he got the drop on our agents . In 1998 he was court-martialed and dishonourably discharged for assaulting a superior officer . - Alex Manning . - Our Big Horn Capitan . Why would this guy by running errands for Manning then ? Most likely money . Special Forces Ops guys get out pretty young , some of them like to put their skills to use , by becoming guns for hire . Mercenaries . Well , we know Manning 's been receiving large sums of cash through a Cayman Island account . Maybe he is using it to build an elite force of his own . Hey guys , sorry to interrupt . The restraints are ready . Okay , let 's get this show on the road . Prisoners will each receive a powerful sedative , courtesy of Dr Fenway . They will be unconscious for approximately nine hours . Plenty of time to get them to the holding facility . Both vehicles are armor plated , bullet-proof windows and self-sealing tires . Prisoners will travel in the rear vehicle the front will provide cover and support . Your travel route has been programmed into a GPS tracking system . We 'll be watching you every step of the way . Apache helicopters have been stationed at strategic locations . At the first sign of trouble we 'll have air support within five minutes . You 'll move out at 2340 . You 'll arrive at the holding facility well before dawn . Good luck , Gentleman . Captain Manning , the transport has left Threshold . Two vehicles , heavily armed . We 'll intercept them as planned . Get your men ready , we leave in five minutes . What else are you experiencing ? Any other sensations or thoughts ? I keep having these memories . Things I haven 't thought about in years . Other things I shouldn 't remember at all . Like I can remember walking for the first time . I took three steps , then fell into my sister 's arms . I can hear my parents clapping . How does it feel when you are remembering these things ? Does it bring up any specific emotions ? It 's kind of empty . Like it 's me but I 'm not connected to it . What about the dreams ? More vivid , but they don 't scare me as much . I guess I am getting used to them . Still the glass forest ? When I 'm there , It feels familiar . More like a memory ... Like you 're remembering a place you haven 't been to yet ? Yeah . - Why does that keep happening ? - Your body is fighting the infection . Molly ? While you 're here can I get something to eat ? - You just ate 20 minutes ago . - Yeah , I know . But I 'm so hungry . It will only feed the bioforming process . Try to rest . I 'll bring you a snack in an hour . He said his dreams felt familiar . I know exactly what he means . What if they aren 't just dreams ? What if they are someone else 's memory that have been planted in our heads ? Wait a minute , during his last brain scan Adams frontal lobes lit up like a Christmas tree . New memories formed faster than he can recall them . Not only his own , but possibly someone else 's . The question is why ? To what end ? So he 'll be ready . When the world changes ... it will feel more like home . 17 minutes ahead of schedule . You always had a lead foot ? - Would you like me to slow down , sir ? - No , you 're doing fine . This look familiar . Yosemite . Now there 's a trip I would rather forget . Look on the bright side , you only broke one leg . Yeah . We should go back there . Actually finish that climb . Stop the truck . We have company . Cavennaugh , what 's going on ? Why did you stop ? A vehicle approaching from rear . Yeah , they 're boxing us in . It 's an ambush ! We 've been ambushed . Two vehicles have us trapped inside the tunnel . - Is it Manning ? - Unknown , but that 's a good guess . Air support 's on the way . Tango 1 , this is Lima 04 , your air support in en route , ETA two minutes . Hold your positions ! Hayes , let 's go ! - Is she here ? Is the one we want here ? - No , she 's not with the others . They got air support on the way , we don 't have much time . Take them out . Tango 1 , this is Lima 04 . We are approaching your position . Roger that . One of the restraints has been broken , it 's Novak . - What about the charge ? - It didn 't go off . Number 3 has been broken , Sanford . Cavennaugh , they 're waking up . The prisoners are breaking free . Hayes ! Hayes ! Stand down , friendly on board ! Air Support , I repeat , stand down . Friendly on board ! Roger , Tango one breaking off pursuit , standing by . It was Manning . He had at least five men with him . It looked like air support drove them off . - What about the prisoners ? - They 've all been re-sedated . How long until you get moving again ? It will take a few minutes to secure the prisoners . - Any casualties ? - Three wounded , one missing . - Whose missing ? - Agent Hayes . Manning 's got him . But we also captured one of theirs . Alright , let us know when you 're rolling again . Copy that . Only a handful of people knew about this transport . How in the hell did Manning find out about it ? He started delivering my water about three weeks ago . We have to assume this bugs picked up every conversation you 've had since then . I remembering talking about the transport at least twice . - Anything else ? - Enough God knows what Manning 's found out about Threshold . I can 't believe this happened . I 'll review our surveillance tapes of my house ... And go through every phone call . Everyone has been delivered safely to the new facility . What about the attackers ? Did you get anything out of the one we captured ? No , he is still unconscious ; he did test negative for infection . We are surmising that Captain Manning has been hiring human mercenaries . Why wouldn 't he just infect them ? Wouldn 't that work to his advantage ? He may not have the ability ... Maybe he is intentionally using people who can pass are blood test ? I got to tell you people , this could have gone a whole lot better . We almost lost all of them . To be fair , sir , that wouldn 't have been a risk If we 'd stuck to the kept to original plan , about moving them one at a time . Oh , you really think that 's the problem ? Or is it the person who is in charge for keeping America safe was bested by a water delivery man ? - Now you hold on , there is no way she ... - It 's okay , J. T. He 's right . I screwed up . But let 's focus on the problem at hand , sir . Manning has created alien equivalent of a terrorist cell . And he 's gathering the other infectees . We got to find him before he plans another attack . I 'd like to interrogate the man we have in custody . do the search myself . Get started . If you need me , I 'll be in my office sleeping for the next two hours . We 've plenty of other agents who can find Manning . I want you to oversee the new facility for the next few days . Make sure everything is running smoothly , alright ? Sir , one of my men has just been captured . We will find him , Mr. Cavennaugh . I 'm countermanding Whitakers orders . - You can interrogate the prisoner . - Thank you . I know how important Agent Hayes is to you . Go find your brother . I 've run diagnostics on every component . Those restraints should have fired . I don 't understand . I need answers , Lucas . " Should have fired " isn 't going to cut it . I just need some time to figure it out . You let me know . - That 's okay , we 'll get this . - Just leave me alone . I got to think . Where 's Manning ? You 're not in the mood to talk ? Would you like to meet some other people who didn 't like to talk ? Now , I am going to ask you again . Where 's Manning ? This one 's my favorite . Don 't make me show you that last one . It always makes me sick . What did you do to them ? Well you are about ten seconds from finding out . Unless you decide to answer my question . Manning is in an old cannery at the south end of the Potomac River . - I 'd like to deploy a full tactical squad . - Anything you need . Actually there is . About Hayes meeting my brother . I 'd appreciate if you kept it between us . - Classified information . - Thank you . He is coming close to the point of no return . His blood cells are saturated with triple helix . But he 's still human ? - He 's fighting . - How long ? Five hours , six tops . I want you to prepare a syringe of Phenobarbital . - Are you really going to do this ? - I made him a promise . Well , I didn 't . You kill him . Aren 't you on the clock ? I knew I should have jammed this little tracking chip you guys put in us . You did , this is the third bar I 've been to . Same here . I need you to re-open Manning 's financials . There 's still a lot of money unaccounted for . If you can find out where it was spent it might gives us an idea what he 's been up to . Do you like me ? - What ? - I mean ... am I just facts and figures to you and an astonishing brain ? Or do you sometimes look at me and think " Boy if I wasn 't so busy being a tight ass , " " I could have some serious sex with that man . " If I say yes will you come back to the office ? I heard about Adams . I guess he is technically one of them now . Yeah ... Sorry ... I know he was your friend . - Well , I bet you could use this right now . - No , thanks . - Really , then why did you come here ? - To get you . You could have sent any one of your goons down to get me . But you the head of Threshold herself , came . You want to know why ? Because I 'm a great excuse to to be in a bar right now . - Adams told me about your deal . - Yeah A tough spot . I just wonder if I made a promise I can 't keep . Do you want my opinion ? Don 't let Fenway rattle you . If I ever got infected , do not hesitate . Not me ... If I ever turn ... Get as much information from me as you can , then Lock me up . There 's still a chance that we find a cure . I guess the beauty of still being human beings is : we get to decide our own fates . Right . So , the problem wasn 't in the design of the restraints . So , what was it ? The units were connected to the trucks power supply , to a faulty relay . So when the charge came through , it blew right out . Yeah , who installed the relay ? - I don 't like to lay blame . - Lucas , who installed it ? Roberts . He 's a good guy , he 's smart , just doesn 't do well under pressure . Wait a minute , stop ... Who is Roberts ? My assistant , Jonathan Roberts . He was helping me on this . - Jonathan Roberts ? - Yeah , the guy sitting right over there . - Lucas , there 's no one here . - What do you mean ? He 's sitting right there ... Roberts ! We 're alone , Lucas . There is no Roberts . Of course there is . I can prove it to you . He filled out an injury report yesterday . He burned himself with a soldering iron . - Lucas , you filed that report . - What ! I 've been working with this guy for three weeks . Are you trying to tell me he is a figment of my imagination ? No one named Jonathan Roberts works in this building . - Do you see him right now ? - What 's going on ? You didn 't hear that ? Oh , my God ! Don 't listen to them , Lucas . They 're trying to confuse you . Shut up ! - Come on let 's get you to the med lab . - No Fenway , I 'm fine . - I 'm just a little overworked . - They are going to lock you up . - Come with me , son . - No , get hell away from me ! I 'd rather not call security . It should be done by a friend . Molly . Bye , buddy . You still owe me 50 . We searched the cannery and just missed Manning and his men . We found a food supply and a few weapons . They were definitely there in the last few days . Keep the area under surveillance , in case he comes back . We also discovered three bodies . All male , all drained of blood . Fenway 's got them up at the morgue . He said that they had been infected . - Who were they ? - We do not know yet . - What about Agent Hayes ? - I found his bloody uniform . I had the lab do a DNA test . - He 's infected too . - Oh , Lord ... I 'd like to assign a couple of agents to keep an eye on my family . Just in case he comes after them . By all means and if there 's anything else I can do ... I know what you are thinking . But I 'm fine . As far as I 'm concerned , he is just another infectee . And when I find him ; I will treat him as such . Cavennaugh , I 'm hoping for a better outcome . Keep searching - Hey . - Hey . - How are you feeling ? - Much better , thanks . Fenway gave me something to help me relax . I feel like a complete idiot . I guess with the lack of sleep and the work load . I just kind of bugged out . But , I 'm fine now . I 'm not fine am I ? I just spoke with Dr. Fenway . Your theta waves are off the chart . Something 's happening in your brain stem . And the hallucinations may be a sign that your condition is getting worse . What condition ? What because I watched the videotape of the alien signal ? You and Cavennaugh saw it too , you 're not seeing anything ? For some reason you 're different . Fenway is trying to find out why . This have something to do with Adams ? Didn 't he hallucinate to ? - Am I infected ? - No , your DNA hasn 't changed . That 's a relief . I wish we could leave it at that . - I 'm a liability ? - You are a valued member of the team . But you 're ill and we are going to find out why . Until we do ... We have to relieve you of your duties and confine you to the med lab . I 'm sorry ... - Are these really necessary ? - It 's just a precaution . Your treating me like I 'm an infectee and I 'm not . You said I 'm not . - We 'll get you out of here as soon as we can . - Isn 't that what you said to Adams ? Sorry . That was unfair . I know you are doing everything that you can . - Can I get you anything ? - Another one of those sedatives would be nice . I may take one myself . I 'm so sorry , Dr. Caffrey . I let you down . I failed You didn 't fail , Lucas . This is just a little setback . Will you do me a favor ? Can you just make sure Rachel is okay ? Oh , my God , what if I passed this on to her ! We 'll check on her right away . What will you tell her ? About me , about what 's happened ? How about a bad case of the flu ? That sounds perfect . I completed Adams post-mortem . He 's just given our most important piece of information : How he got infected . And ... ? I found mal-formations in his intestinal lining . The mutation process initiated in the digestive tract . He was infected through something he ate ? They 've come to the food supply .
