 Negadon : The Monster from Mars ( 2005 ) FOR ENGLISH SOUNDTRACK ONLY ! Studio Magara Electromagnetic Magarizer Work In celebration of the 50th anniversary of monster films By the year 2025 , the population of the Earth has risen to more than 10 billion . All of Earth 's natural resources are nearly depleted . The countries that have developed space technology are now adapting other planets to be more Earth-like , and sustain human life . The largest immigration project in human history has begun . It is known as The Mars Terraforming Project . Mars Terraforming Project First Stage Successful South and North Poles hit 73 % fusion rate No one knows that this project ... will have unexpected and severe consequences for the people of Earth . NEGADON : The Monster from Mars Voiceover Dai Shimizu Akane Yumoto , Takuma Sasahara , Masafumi Kishi Music / SE Shingo Terasawa Screenplay / Director Jun A wazu Narasaki Up next , some exciting news about the Mars terraforming project . Tomorrow afternoon , the heavy transport spacecraft Izanami , now on route from Mars , with some unique cargo , will arrive at Space Port 7 in Fuji City , Shizuoka . The construction of the Izanami , built to transport mineral resources from Mars to Earth , began in the year 2010 . It first launched in 2017 , and has been in operation ever since . This will be its 8th time returning to Earth . This time the Izanami is carrying some very special cargo , a huge cocoon-like object found at the ancient ruins on Mars . The item will remain in quarantine pending a full investigation by the IMDO . Stay tuned for your local weather forecast after the break . The Defense Agency , Technical Research and Development Institute 7th Research Center , Seiji Yoshizawa I heard you rejected the Force 's offer . Can you tell me why ? I see you for the first time in ten years , ... and that 's all you want to talk about ? Professor , a lot has changed in 10 years . Thanks to terraforming , the demand for heavy labor robots is rapidly rising , and the Force has permitted us to use them as weapons . This is a golden opportunity for you to make a comeback , isn 't it ? I 'm sorry , Seiji . Please understand , I 'm not trying to be stubborn , but science and technology ... I just don 't care anymore . Would you please leave now ? You 've really changed . You 're not the same brilliant man I worked with as an assistant at the Institute . Commendation for the Advancement of Technology Mr. Ryuichi Narasaki You know ... I don 't think men should give up on their dreams so easily . Didn 't you hear me , Yoshizawa ? I want you to leave now . That 's too bad . Professor ... Call me when you change your mind . Good bye . After ten years , dreams fade , then you give them up . Emi , this robot is going to change the whole world . At first it will be used for the construction of a space station on Mars , but soon it will be used in engineering and ocean development , too . I 'd like to create a future where robots will work on land , sea , and in outer space . This has been my dream since I was your age . Daddy , that reminds me , did you read my letter ? Oh , sorry ! I think I left it in my coat pocket . Dad ! Professor . The power readings are very unstable . We 'd better not push it too hard then . If something goes wrong , it 'll be a disaster . Normal Operation Internal Pressure Warning Professor , we have a problem ! Emi ! If I had never made that curse-ed robot ... Why ? Why couldn 't it have been me , instead of Emi ? July 7th Izanami Hey ! Look at this ! What 's going on ? - Do something ! - How ? Oh , God ! We 've just received word that the spaceship Izanami , carrying cargo from the planet Mars , has crashed near District 25 in Tokyo . We have no reports about the cause of the crash or the extent of the damage just yet . Oh , we have a live feed from our Channel 12 traffic copter broadcasting from the scene . There appears to be something in the smoke . I think it may be the wreckage of the Izanami . Wait , it moved ! Something in there is moving ! What is that ? It 's not wreckage ! It seems to be some sort of creature ! I can 't believe it ! It appears to be floating upwards ! It 's big ! About the size of a 10 , no , a 20-story building ! Huh ? ... Oh ... Oh God , its ... Wait ! What is that ? What ? What the hell ? ! We Apologize for the inconvenience Please Stand by Avoid engaging the creature in densely populated areas as much as possible . You are free to use all weapons . Roger . The target is heading east along the Koshu highway . Stop that thing in its tracks ! You got it . Target 's in view . The attack by the National Defense Force seems to have had no effect . The toll of the damage is catastrophic . I 've never seen ... Our weapons can 't defeat it . For millions of years on Mars , it must have been waiting for someone foolish enough to disturb it . The monster appears to be heading toward a metropolitan area . If the National Defense Force can 't halt its progress , the monster will likely reach Setagaya Ward by 9 A.M. , and if it stays on its current path , will reach Chiyoda Ward by approximately 11 A.M. People living in District 25 of Tokyo , near the initial area of impact , should follow evacuation orders . If you haven 't evacuated yet , please don 't panic . Follow the instructions of the police and the Defense force ... Public transportation in Tokyo has been suspended ... Man has always brought about disaster by his own hand . By the time you notice it , it 's too late . Why can 't mankind realize that ? Dear Daddy I 'm so sorry for making you wait . All Functions Operational Let 's go ! I can 't believe what I 'm seeing . A giant robot has suddenly appeared in downtown Tokyo . What is this ? It seems the robot is blocking the monster 's path . Where did it come from , and why ? Robot ? The Miroku 2 prototype ? Incoming Call Connecting - Who is it ? - It 's me ... Yoshizawa . Professor , don 't be a fool , it 's suicide . Do you have any idea what the heck you 're doing ? It 's a space monster for goodness sake ! There is no way you can stop that thing ! You mind your own business . This is my war now . You just get to a safe place with your wife and children . But ... Professor ! No ! For these 10 long years , perhaps it 's you I 've been waiting for . Get up and show me what you 've got ! What ? Why you ... All right , that does it ! Yoshizawa ... some day you 're going to forget me , but please , don 't ever forget your dream . The First Space Speed May my final gift to humanity be sending you to oblivion ! I hope this will do ... Emi . THE END Balloons were floating in the deep blue sky . A scene of red and white , I remember like a dream . Dad , I wanted to ride the small ferris wheel with you . Just like before , I 'd like to go out together again . We 've been through so many different things , like in dreams . Soon the rain will stop and the sun will shine . You don 't have to suffer anymore .
