 One never truly believes what one believes This document , long considered regime propaganda , returns in its original splendour . Over the years , while the villains were calling themselves heroes , the Fascist regime was subject to an onslaught of vicious slander . Yet a shining example was set by brave adventurers who were always ready to conquer a new kingdom for Italy . Pini , Fecchia , Freghieri , Barbagli , and Santodio . Today history finally pays homage to them . You , gentlemen , may believe what you wish : call this film entertainment for women and children . But we firmly believe it represents an absolute , wondrous , and indisputable historical event that is wholly captured in this simple , yet thrilling statement : at 15 : 00 hours on May 10 , 1939 , Mars became Fascist ! FASCISTS ON MARS May 1939 . After a thermodynamic journey under salt , our heroes land on the Red Planet . Mars is hostile , stubbornly opposing the Fascist Revolution . On Mars there is no oxygen and even the most virile , dauntless thorax seeks relief . Fecchia and Pini gasp for breath . Even Freghieri , Fascist swimming champion , has only enough breath to say , " There 's no air ! " So it 's up to Barbagli to reaffirm the value of man over nature . Here he shows the power of will , tempered by the Duce 's teachings over physical impediments . Proclaiming " I don 't give a damn ! " , he , red but not beaten , inspires his comrades to follow his lead ! Fecchia , who carries the bust of the Duce , turns to reveal the eternally shining example . The Duce never complains . The men hesitate , but then follow orders . Soon they adapt to that uncharitable atmosphere . A simple , " I don 't give a damn ! " is worth more than the respirators and cutesy apparel of those girly men from Britain . They resume their march . With or without oxygen , Mars will be conquered ! A band of heroes : Fecchia , the first bastion of the " Whimbrel Squad " . Santodio , son of a millionaire industrialist . Freghieri , as tough as cast iron . Pini , who has melted the hearts of many day-dreaming girls . And Barbagli , more devoted to the Duce than to his own mother ... and she did the same . Our boys advance under the two moons , Phobos and Deimos : one much smaller than our moon , one not much bigger than a potato , an abortion of the Bolshevik society of a similar colour as our planet . Our boys sense that someone is watching them . But it 's not an indigenous enemy that spies on them , it 's History itself . Behold the first flag to claim alien territory for our King and our Duce . Freghieri plants it forcefully . But the soil denies him asylum . Barbagli orders Freghieri to plant it again . Mars puts up a struggle , but in the end , a victorious salute . They advance , with repeated tests of their courage , but the only enemy they encounter is the sand , the stones , and the simpering purple dunes . For mile after tedious mile , they advance . Barbagli moves like a jaguar . His men , exhausted , throw caution to the winds . They pitch camp . Without diminishing the importance of this venture , the Red Planet appears deserted and desolate . The men fall prey to the venom of defeatism . Barbagli seeks the Duce 's advice . Like a divine , Roman father , the Duce speaks , giving their leader comfort , respite , and encouragement . A distant breath that spurs our hero on . Reassured , he heartens his men . " Be proud , calm . Take a well-deserved Fascist sleep . " The Mars campaign has begun . MARS IS FASCIST Dull insomnia or wild dreams . Fecchia fears he will be betrayed by the lovely Mariolina , whose praises are sung by a host of nightingales . He imagines her atop a haystack beneath a horde of lusty Moors . But morning comes . They attend to nature 's call . The Fascist soldier extracts his manhood without hands and without peeking . One never knows the perverse thoughts that may arise from one 's own or someone else 's trousers . Arms on hips , eyes forward , proud and carefree . Then , without delay , a curt order : retreat ... and they 're on their way . Forward glorious ranks ! The interplanetary Fascist 's body should be like steel , like the bow of lthacus , of Aneas , of whatsisname ! lmpervious to the slings and arrows of destiny , Barbagli lines up his men for the Fascist horse vault . He sets the example . To us ! His gesture is worthy of an Olympiad . Now it 's the others ' turn . Before his jump , the gymnast salutes the Duce and then Barbagli . He jumps and salutes again . Then he salutes Barbagli , as the Duce 's representative , and the instrument serving as the horse . Jump , salute , jump : Pini , Fecchia , and Freghieri . The valour of Santodio ! " Through you I salute Italy , through you I leap over the horse ! " Notify the King , notify the Duce . The Mission has succeeded ... but the radio doesn 't work . Electro-magnetic sanctionism robs Rome of victory ... and what about Victor Emanuel III ? Never before has such a short man had such a large empire , and news of its expansion would have helped him grow a few inches . With a few able moves they advance down the glorious road of conquest . One by one the names of bookish British discoveries are discarded by history : Jones ' volcano is now Gionazzi 's . Thomas 's valley is now " Predappio Marziano . " The British were running around naked , hunting woodchucks , when we were already stabbing Julius Caesar . In just a few days of brilliant military manoeuvres , the daring band has given the Roman Empire acres of alien land , but not a trace of fauna , flora , or water . And supplies are dwindling ... They survive on pieces of stock cube that briefly visit their stomachs : the flavour of a far away home they may never see again ... Their stomachs may be empty , but their hearts are filled with manly desire for the atmosphere of home ... and for a little atmosphere in general . REAR-LIGHTNING It 's 1938 : 38 ° C - like the fever the Fascist revolution gave history ! Italy expands across the Mediterranean . Blinkered by two dimensional , liberal vision , everyone makes a fuss of Africa , Greece , and Albania . But Barbagli 's audacious voice stands out from the crowd : " Italy has the right to expand upward , too ! " " But where ? How ? " , people ask incredulously . Not to the moon , that pale , mawkish stone for tearful , Sodomite clowns . No , to Mars ! Mars must go from red to black ! Hear the unjust criticism ... Dreamer ! Science fictionist ! Charlie-tan ! Lunatic ! Here comes " the flying nuthouse ! " He was as lonely as Columbus in pre-Franco Spain ... still he did not lose heart ... For the design of the ship , he had the willing collaboration of a promising local physicist . Finally it was ready for take-off . Six tons of home-grown steel , propelled by gas and impoverished , but still-dignified uranium . The Hazard IV : Hazards I , II , and III landed in Libya by mistake . Sooner or later they 'll make us pay ! Pini at the helm of the " Fa-ship " . Everybody is ready . But here comes a peculiar , dancing infant . Bruno Caorso of Rimini 's Fascist Youth , who dreams of being a hero ... " What do you want ? " Barbagli demands . " I want to come with you , to serve the Duce ! " The men are convulsed in laughter . - " You ? You 're a schoolboy ! " - " But I 'm 37 years old . " " Scram , midget . The circus is leaving town . " Four human missiles silhouetted against the future . You know the rest . They travel light : certain they 'll find food on the planet and to avoid looking like immigrants with suitcases of macaroni . But it 's too late to turn back . We 're here to stay ... And we 'll establish a realm if he so commands . Why the long faces ? A good Fascist laughs at adversity and boldly pokes fun at it with wit . " Bosoms ! " Here they are again , the heroes of May 10 , back to the usual ready , willing , and eager . And then there 's the usual copy-cat . " Big Bosoms ! " But he still gets a laugh . Now that 's what I call good clean fun ! It 's another lousy night watch for Pini , who accompanies his vigil with the gramophone . The music melts his heart . And sends his thoughts to mother ... But now he 's back ! Pini scrutinizes the horizon . His thoughts return to mother ... But now he 's back again . Another march , another mile . Fascist pride has vanished from our boys ' faces . They realize they 've conquered a planet with no life , no food , no lavatories . Nothing . A nothingy nullishness . A nothingy nullish none-ness . Barbagli spits on the ground , furious . The others , demoralized , almost give in to liberal laxness . But Pini makes an amazing discovery . There 's water on Mars ! Everyone is amazed . Barbagli seeks to regroup his men but fails . " It 's my spit ! " As only great leaders can , he sets discipline aside and celebrates with the lower ranks ! " There 's water on Mars ! Water on Mars ! " To the buckets ! Jubilation abounds . Talk of showers and personal hygiene . Barbagli follows the dancing trio begrudgingly , while Fecchia guards the camp and writes to Mariolina . How can they pull up the water ? The gallant sons of Italy rummage through the ship to find the right tools . Pini asks : " What can we do with this ? " Freghieri tells him . But the ingenious Pini lights up with a telescopic idea : " Drinking straws ! Connected to each other for miles ! " And here it is : useful and practical , the first Martian pipeline . But what 's that noise from the hold ? Who goes there ? Who can it be ? All four of us are here , plus Fecchia outside . Muskets , everyone ! Drat , we forgot them at camp . No matter , from a Nipponese friend Barbagli learned the martial art of feline moves and his men can get by with them too . Freghieri lingers behind , doing the awesome " Mongoose Move " . Ready for attack , our boys wait in the hold . Is it an alien ? Bring him on ! It 'll be like our victory in Fiume ... One sound and he 's toast ! Here he is , in the chill cabinet , invented by Italian fishmongers . And he opens the door ! A black-shirted surprise ! Like salted cod , as Italian as pizza pie , is little Bruno Caorso , the mental retard ... " I salute the Duce and beg forgiveness " , he exclaims . The salute is okay . But forgiveness ? There 's always the example of Carthage ... Is he the infiltrator ? THE INFILTRATOR This is serious ! Naughty children deserve the strap ! Africa has already learned . Europe is about to . And you , little black Sambo , are wasting our time , and on hostile soil ! What are you doing here ? How did you get on board , you mutant ? " I wanted to come to Mars , so I wrote a letter to the good Fascist witch and she pointed the way to the ship . " So let 's punish the old witch ! Barbagli makes a mental note of the first thing to do when he 's back in Rome ... But back to you ! To the strap ! Belts soaked in castor oil ... Let the punishment begin ! But the men want their underground oasis . They dig and dig , naive little Italians , thinking they might find voluptuous slave girls to wait on them ... Water , as we 'd already guessed , not a drop ... but they continue to dig , and dig , and dig ... until Mars starts to look like the famous Neutral cheese ... But it 's just a drop in the bucket ... What bucket ? The mutant is back ... If I were his mother , I 'd beat him . If I were his father , I 'd beat him and his mother ! The sun sets on Mars ' gloomiest day . The men 's morale is lower than where they expected to find water . When will reinforcements arrive ? We 'll die of hunger and thirst ... Reinforcements ? But the radio plays dumb . Barbagli attempts the impossible : to reach the Duce telepathically ... Shielded from his men 's scepticism , he says the Duce in his prodigious head , recently rid of useless keratin . A click of the heels and he becomes an antenna for the Fatherland . Oh , Duce , Mars is yours ! All night long he stands to attention , becoming anode and cathode preferably cathode , but in the morning , exhausted , he surrenders to his migraine and returns to the old rhetoric . Cursed art thou , arid Mars , red beach without sea and without umbrellas ! We were fools to think we would find water : nothing . Our water from home evaporates so quickly you barely can drink . The radio doesn 't work , our supplies are almost gone . And now fate torments us with the most tragic misfortune : a Fascist infant under our feet , one more cretinous mouth to feed . That noisy little pain ! God knows where he got the ball ! Freghieri warns him : " Watch out , worthless child . Here you 're cannon fodder . Go frolic elsewhere , this is a grave situation . " But once he turns around , the child breaks out in bovine imitation ! Coward ! Pitiful kindergarten scum ! Nursery school faeces ! In the meantime , Pini , the plucky and proud guard , thinks of mother ... Now he 's back again ! Yet again the Leftist ball ... " I warned you : To the stake , son of a lesser she-wolf ! Try it again , I 'll cornhole you like the Mamluks ! One hole above , one below : the proverbial egg for sucking . " What shall I do , Duce ? I am your arms and your ears ! Tragedy erupts . An attempt on the Duce 's life ! The news sails across the Martian sky . Barbagli is at the child 's throat like Isadora 's scarf . An assassination attempt on the Duce ! For the extreme crime , the extreme punishment ! Death ! Without a last supper ! Let us pull the plug on this stupid , treacherous child ! The die is cast : he shall not live to see another multiplication table ! Our men drool at the thought of the fatal telegram home . But the dwarf makes a run for it ! Fire ! Fire ! Fire ! Loud and proud ! Treacherous fugitive ! Go , run for exile . We 'll find your carcass in the sand , like an English carriage . But the Duce comes to , Barbagli begs forgiveness . He swears he heard the bronze mouth utter : " It was fate 's little joke . " Kind Duce , please accept this Roman kiss . The evil child flees across the Martian desert . He heads towards the void of no return . Behind him the musket . Ahead of him , the categorical unknown . And here , the dwarf makes a terrible discovery . And here he is again , shrapnel of infantile Communism , returning to the camp , where our heroic platoon awaits him . Will they ever forgive him ? I think not . The most important Fascist advice is : " Run for it ! " But the little boy spills the beans . Shoot me in the chest or in the thigh , he tells our five heroes . I 'd rather die by Fascist hands than be devoured by the terrible monster of Mars ! Monster ? What monster ? Little bastard ! Listen , if this is one of your tricks , it 's worked ! THE TERRIBLE MONSTERS OF MARS Down there ! As high as a mountain . Menacing , flower-like ears and a huge mouth ! It advances like a wardrobe on a landing . He swears he heard it say : Mimimmi ! Barbagli checks with the portable half-a-Duce . The infant has no doubts , better to flee . Climb back on the Hazard and run , casting honour to the wind . But our hero won 't give in . The Duce urges him to resist . To resist and to resist again . To soothe them , he tells a manly joke about priests and big bosoms . The orders arrive . " I want four volunteers . " Like a malarial toxin , the child 's cowardly soul has infected our hardy revisionist heroes ! They 're making a thousand excuses . Busying themselves in trifles to avoid going to the front . But their leader is a straight-shooter . His pride and his downfall , which tricks him on the tennis court . If the story of the stone Godzilla is a joke , we 'll drain you like the Pontine Marshes . Barbagli sets off down the road indicated ... but , a man of a very Italian sensibilities , he decides to pounce on the monster from above . Like a billy-goat , he perches on the ridge . But where are they ? There they are ! The planet is teeming with stony life ! God , they 're horrendous : Jewish vessels filled with Communism , with a dose of guilty pacifism that offends progress and casts a nasty odour on all of Italy . Stand down ! Stand up ! See them again ! So Mars is not yet Fascist , after all ! MARS IS NOT YET FASCIST A grave moment . Time for a meeting of the supreme leaders . The great Fascist council is immediately convened . The child is confined on a marble baby-holder , where he can 't hurt anyone except , one hopes , himself . On the agenda : We are not alone ! " Let 's ship them back home ! " " But they are home ! " " That 's their tough luck ! " Time 's a-wasting . Santodio , mechanical engineer , rushes to finish the very latest miracle in assault weapons . Barbagli , by unanimous vote , chooses a frank encounter of the third kind . A salute to the Fascist light bulb ! A lonely , distant sound of Mimimmi from the herd as it lingers on seditious thoughts of surplus value . Burumbubù , burumbubù burumbubù goes the black rocket . Burumbubù , burumbubù , burumbubù goes the blue rocket . " Let 's go ! " " Good Health ! " This one doesn 't have the guts to open his mouth , and the castor oil spills out ... They might slip but they will not break ... One by one the various party cells are closed . In a burst of generosity , Barbagli proposes himself as a mediator to calm the hotheads ... they 're just kids , after all ... And nominates himself as the absolute ruler of the planet ... My friend Mimimmo ... we belong to the Kingdom of Italy , you to the mineral kingdom , let 's not step on each other 's feet ! You are hard stones , with no historic density . Do you believe in an inter-planetary alliance , as non-equals ? But the stale creature ignores Barbagli 's offer of friendship . The brazen hyper-Semitism ! " They 're hostile ! " Barbagli fumes . The mineral phlegm reminds him of the flabby Sterling Pound peoples , as soft as dry biscuits in the middle-class broth they call tea ! Brick-tish ! He calls them with scorn . Brick-tish ... Still no reaction ? Do as you wish , but remember : woe betide the helpless ! And now , we interrupt our usual programme , with a cartoon from the Regime . On board the " Donna Rachele " , the jewel in the crown of military engineering , Freghieri scours the horizons and waits , days on end , for the static enemy to deign even a tiny reaction ... But nothing ... you 'd think that they liked him ... Homo-Saxons ! Slimy circumcised creatures ! Claiming to be the finest spirits of the Left , which turns the other cheek so we will look like hooligans . But in foreign policy the Right tends toward an economy of concepts . Everything that breathes and is not in uniform is anti-Fascist : no one will be fooled if you hold your breath ! The " Mimimma " area is explored for hidden resources and weapons of mass destruction : edible , if possible ... Our boys take the enemy territory inch by inch ... sometimes the same inch ... but they find nothing , and nothing is the most deadly weapon ! So they were dragged into the conflict ... But Barbagli is still sincerely inclined to the word " peace " , to which these aliens pay only lip service . Yet he can no longer tolerate their provocations . " Let him try falling next to me ! " Especially the kind blurted out over beer . " I 'll call it an assassination ! " They 'll have to go to what they 've elected as the local parliament , to make a last desperate appeal for harmony between peoples . Friends from Mars , I stand before you . Let history judge me . If Fascism is only violence and terror , I take full responsibility . Yet you see that I still have respect for this hall : we could have filled it with an carousing army . Instead we bring you civilization and trains that run on time ... As homage I bring you the Italian fork . The Fascist fork , symbol of civilization and good manners . Let us salute ... The Fork . We lay down the sword and shield . Return to the spade and plough , however much it hurts our necks . But the Duce demanded his place in the sun , and since he never speaks in metaphors , he didn 't mean Africa , he meant THE SUN . Barbagli never recovered from the blow ... Critics will say that the Mimimmi was pushed , but more careful observers will have noted unguarded intentions ... More dies have been cast than we can use for " Snakes and Ladders " . Extreme evil demands the extreme Right ... Not long after : before a perfect sand copy of Palazzo Venezia , an event equal to the crossing of the Rubicon takes place . It 'll take a thousand deaths before they can sit down at the peace table . There is only one , categorical , and binding password for all . It is sailing like a guided cucumber through the Martian skies . Victory ! We will be victorious ! In a powerful chorus , our popular war song swells up . Look out below ! WAR HYMN OF FASCIST SARDINIAN SHEPHERDS THE LIGHTNING WAR The German strategy of wedge and pincer has been modified by Barbagli into two pincers and one tong . The enemy is surrounded , the rearguard overcome , the avant-garde ... well , we never understood it . The Martian who dares to risk attack on his home ground is caught in the middle , petrified with fear . Barbagli , the Duce 's musketeer , in an ardent duel , like the romantic hero of Dumas père , Dumas fils and even Du-mamma ! But why spill blood if they have none ? We are Romans ! Let us be inspired by the Horatii and the Curiatii . Two champions face off in a one-way round : Mars or death ! A general characteristic of Martianoid combat is the fake . One of their favourite tricks is faking the fake , and faking the faking of the fake . For example , forcing the enemy to do a summersault . But simulating , without moving , an anti-summersault . But Barbagli is no fool . Anticipating its lightening-quick reflexes , he grabs it by the throat and doesn 't let go , in a Fascist strangle-hold , until the monster gives up . If there is a God in heaven and He has Lateran sympathy for us , please give me the voice to reach the ears of the peoples of the heavens , the earth , the sea and the lakes , so they complain no more . The Martians have been defeated . For them the era of Fascist domination has begun ! LIGHTNING WAR - 15 MINUTES ! WORLD RECORD ! NOW MARS IS TRULY FASCIST So begins the long coexistence with the enemy . History will have much to say , as we know , and from the demo-plutocratic sewers slings and arrows will rain down ! Some will tell you that with the Mimimmi people our men descended into savage cruelty . Were there excesses ? Maybe ! In this sequence , probably a piece of Soviet propaganda , Santodio imitates the nocturnal walk of Martian girls , making fun of the stone 's mother . The child treats the alien guest like a penalty , which Pini actually saves ! Anyway you can tell the footage is doctored ! If the things you are seeing actually happened , we would not be afraid to submit to a trial . But in our defence , let it be said that you should not look at the single episode , but rather be distracted by the whole . THE FASCIST STATE The defeated population of Mars is herded into camp under the peaceful but vigilant eyes of the Duce . Except for the so-called mountain Mimimmi , cowardly non-interventionist rebels entrenched behind unreachable ridges . But they , too , have been promised pax romana and the new civil code . In primis , should they find food and water , a government agency will be created to retrieve these precious resources . In its shadow , two smaller agencies are established : W.H.A.T.I.F. and W.A.W.A. The board of W.H.A.T.I.F. consists of Pini , Fecchia , and Freghieri . The members of W.A.W.A. , dissolved and reborn as NEW WAWA , are Freghieri and Santodio . Barbagli establishes public order . The first neighbourhood policeman , who the neighbourhood thief will have to answer to if he continues his life of crime . Technicians and engineers are given new life through TEMPIA . Its members are Pini and Freghieri . But suddenly an argument breaks out . Pini resigns , provoking a crisis instantly settled with the entry of Santodio , former executive of AFROC , as a state-controlled member responsible for relations with MINCHI , in the SCAFA framework . The historic salute . Last but not least they found BIMBO , the agency for abandoned children . The board consists of ... the abandoned child . Great works were promised , and behold , in the teeth of the nay-sayers and their evil crows . But where should they build the great highway that will live on for centuries as a double-laned testimony that the first foot on Mars was Roman ? Over there ! The others protest , but our man yields to no one . Not to mention all this sand ... Away ! And here this specimen of manhood stands , breaking the ground for the project . The man of tomorrow who can be everything and refuse nothing , president , labourer , astronaut , leader , mason . He inspires the others . The emotional salute ... But the example has not ended ... Here he is again , with the pickaxe , exciting his fellows , who are wiping away the emotional tears , ready to begin . But first another example ... The emotional seizure of the pick-axe . The naked surface of Mars is now enriched by the Duce 's most celebrated sayings . Pearls of martial wisdom that nourish the soul and furnish it tastefully . THE PLOUGH DIGS THE FIELD BUT THE SWORD DEFENDS IT The quickest is Santodio , the redeemed daddy 's boy , but with a shaky grip on the Duce 's sayings . NO POUTING WHEN IT 'S YOUR TURN - Who said that ? - The Duce . - He did not ! - Yes , he did ! The Duce didn 't say that ! He didn 't say that , daddy 's boy ! WHAT GOES AROUND COMES AROUND Until the indigenous mineral starts to share , rations are drastically cut ... The men complain that ever since the alien appeared , they work harder and eat less ... The alluring gaze of Pini , the irresistible seducer , on whose chest are entwined the sighs of a thousand girls . His rapacity with the weaker sex is a national pride . His vanity is so well tolerated that he is even permitted make up , but with the manly odour of forest pine . Another generous concession that cheers and refreshes the men is the Fascist Saturday : a day of rest , also from food , dedicated to sports and culture ... Today they 're playing slap the soldier , in the noble Lictorian variant . The Fascist soldier never strikes from behind , only face to face , boldly and brutally , easier but also more rhythmic . It safeguards honour and forces rotation ... Their faces covered with slap marks , the three go back to work ... led by Pini , the Valentino of outer space ... His thoughts return to mother ... Now he 's back again ! Behold the sand Coliseum , the super-well-known amphitheatre that will stand as testimony for thousands of ... March ! A month has gone by but nothing from the colonies . They 're still getting by with supplies from home , which are dwindling . The natives are no help . The only thing they know how to do is to sit still . So we 're back to the drawing board . This vile population is worthless : they 're slow and resist fighting , preferring to be comfy and warm and to send more lively creatures to the front . We have brought them civilization , giving them many things of our own , but their heavy sanctions persist . What game are they playing ? Who is paying them not to move ? So much the worse , so much the better , so much the same ! Barbagli has been watering the Roman seeds sacrificing their already meagre water rations , and now he announces the day of the official harvest . He falls into a pothole left by the previous government . THE GRAIN WAR ! Their naked torsos shine in the blazing sun ... scythes clenched in their fists ... Slow motion suits rural life . Here is the field , here the harvest . A single blade of wheat in a mile of seed ... single , but blonde and rascally peasant ! Let 's eat it right away , say the men , make flour for a sandwich ! No , says Barbagli . We will place it in a reliquary to the undying memory of the victorious Fascist seed on Bolshevik soil ! The next job : to drain the marshes . But first we have to find one ! The next day Pini collapses with a lament : " I 'm hungry . " Barbagli , promptly and with a rare sense of politics , wastes no time and founds " ENFAM " , the Agency for the Hungry . On the board are Fecchia , Freghieri , and Santodio . But I 'm hungry now . Pini makes a motion to amend . A short crisis ensues , leading to a quick reshuffling of the board . ENFAM is dissolved , and from its ashes rises ENFAMAD , the agency for those who are hungry now . Its leaders are Freghieri , Santodio , and Pini . But now begins the so-called dark period , payday for the seditious historian . Still no credit is given to Barbagli for the things he did for welfare , fighting blamelessly despite an evil alignment of the planets . He kept his promise to increase the daily ration of bread ... With a slight dip in the ration of meat But compensated for it one month later . But evil propaganda is always on the look-out for a catastrophe . Discipline suffers the consequences . Freghieri was caught drinking motor oil , not knowing the difference between carbohydrates and hydrocarbons . Fecchia faints from hunger . Liar ! The economy is doing great . THE CRISIS OF THE FASCIST STATE We can 't go on like this . The men are indignant over the sanctions ... But the one thing that gets them is seeing Barbagli unhappy ... Santodio intervenes with the leader , who greets him as if he were a son . - A quick word , sir ! - What the fuck do you want ? We 'd like to go back to Earth . What ? - We want to go back to Earth . - What do you mean ? We have no proof , the radio is broken ! We have the photos and films ... There are the photos and films that I took , sir . But they 're photos of sand , of rocks . Things that could be found in a local quarry ... What can we take back ? Mimimmi . Let 's take Mimimmi . And if it starts to leap around like a madman ? Don 't come up with any more ideas like that ! Clear ? Now bugger off ! Forget about going home without proof we 've been here . Glory demands invoices ! Better to die ! You 're talking science-fiction ! - Did you hear any of that ? - No . Let 's go home ! - To Earth ? He 's mad ... - What about the proof ? Enthusiasm for the venture is the same as on that historic May 10 ! They 're ready to die for a good cause . If there isn 't one , they 'll die anyway . Mars is not a planet : it 's a religion ! If there is a risk of losing command , he knows it won 't be over a trifle like hunger . But a Fascist who can 't fight is like a fish out of water . They 've had peace up to their ears . Even the dumbest schoolboy knows that without wars , history grinds to a halt . The cries of Pini ... His thoughts return to mother ... Son of a bitch ! The mother of Freghieri . I WROTE " DUCE " IN THE SAND Every day Mars comes up with a new joke to torment our heroes . One quote from the Duce was erased from its surface ... Who dared ? But the men know nothing . They 'd always been together , and yesterday it was there ... So who is this joker playing with our own censorship ? It 's a media campaign , everything 's up in the air again . MARS IS NOT YET REALLY FASCIST ! Barbagli has them redo it and guard it all night . A ghost haunts Mars , and now he 'll be busted . Nothing doing . In the morning the names of the Rovignano fallen are gone , " Comrade Castralepe " is missing ... one " victory " , two " obeys " , and three " combats " have been erased . Barbagli has them redone , but crime spreads . It 's an insult to go any further , and to do anymore . Once again the eager Santodio . Will someone please take the brush out of his hands . On the third day a sandstorm grants an unjust truce . The villain is also aided by the rumblings of mutiny . Who cares about the writing ? We must make reforms ! Freghieri complains he has painter 's cramp ... Pini is allergic to sand and his skin is covered with big blotches . He runs to refresh his make-up , using a foundation by Adonis . History coughs in disdain ... sceptic girly-men , I 'll go alone . On board the " Donna Rachele " , whose fierce head instils terror in every Martian , the hunt continues . Barbagli the space cadet , tearing up the road like a maniac . When suddenly , an ambush ! The men race to him ! Maybe he 's dead ! Mars the executioner , attempts a quick rout . Everyone holds their breath ! Actually , they 've been holding it since day one . But it 'll take much more to defeat his iron spirit . He 's back on his feet , more eager than ever . " It 's his fault ! " " He came out of nowhere . " But what do we see ? Santodio playing red-cross nurse , French-kissing the highway robber ? Fix the car instead ! The second assassination attempt ... Keep a file on the terrorists ... They must have a tacit agreement with our mysterious enemy . Yes , a tacit agreement , and their obstinate silence is proof ... They have a scheme . First eliminate our resources , finish us with hunger , and then erase every proof of our conquest , to give Mars back to the Leftists as if nothing had happened . I DON 'T GIVE A DAMN Finally special laws to deal with the terrorist emergency . The food is almost gone . In its place are brand new ration tickets that can be freely used in any state cafeteria . Bread , chicken , mineral water , it 's all written down ... I 'm one of you , Barbagli repeats , I 'm president , labourer , etc . , but still one of you ... in this case , the boss . Grim days go by . The eagle resumes its rounds , but on only one cylinder ... the enemy is still on the run . Every now and then an inscription vanishes and has to be redone , but the men are getting more lazy every day ... Disheartened and far from Him , heedless of danger since their good leader is there , it 's easy to be a fair weather Fascist and eat beans ! To listen to them you 'd think that Mars was a disaster , not an adventure . Keep an eye on them . Keep an eye on them , too . Keep an eye on everybody ... Barbagli tries to keep watch 24 hours a day , but slowly finds himself in another time zone . By day he sleeps and by night he wanders , so at least he avoids the whining of his men . Now they 'll tell you that in reality he didn 't know which end was up , and that the mysterious enemy , whose very existence the men doubt , was just an excuse to avoid the real problem and to save his pride . Or that he was going crazy , and who could blame him ? He had to do everything by himself . Schizo ? If only there two of him ! He was as alone as the man from Genoa ... I already said that . Only when cat-napping , does he receive a vision of the strong jaw jutting out with incredible ambition toward the infinite , coming towards him to offer comfort , medals , and hot cups of ersatz coffee . Leaving him racked with doubt . The Duce appears and speaks , but in a soundless idiom . What are you telling me ? What am I supposed to do ? Please , Duce , Mars is yours , should I gift-wrap it or will you take it as it is ? Roll-call for the heroes of May 10 , which seems like a long time ago , swallowed up history . The hours and days are counted by the cramps in their stomachs . We can only wonder where Pini got the bongos that he beats with delirious fervour , inciting his mates into paroxysms of nostalgia ... Once again his thoughts return to mother . Now he 's back again ! Freghieri has retired from political life to dedicate himself to the study of esoteric Fascism : " Kabala and Billyclub " , " Magic and the Black Shirt " , " Hey , Hey , Hereafter " , and a tome that feeds his desperate fatalism : I SEE DEAD PEOPLE Santodio asks the oracle for advice on love . Worse for him . Fecchia despairs , thinking of poor Mariolina , dressed in mourning till the end of her days ... The child grows up like a wild creature , in the absence of a father to break his back with tough love . It 's Barbagli 's job to keep order ... But the hero of Africa is tired , the regime just a faint star in the sky ... He needs a vacation ... lucky they that can afford one ... CAMP CHEERFUL CONFINEMENT Barbagli is atheist and a priest-eater , but he appeals to Virgin Mary of the billyclub , Fascio-Catholic saint through a concordat of dual faith and double morals ... Why not ? Atheists but not atheistic , shit ! And She appears to him . She immediately declares a Lateran pact for Mars . Churches everywhere , ecclesiastical tax breaks and dodges . Homosexuality only in the seminary , in the presence of an adult . No research on embryos if they don 't pay for it themselves . One night , the enemy reappears ... with a bone-chilling noise . A rhythmic grating like scoured stone , like a dog scratching at the door ... Where does it come from ? He sticks close to the wall in the twilight , and tiptoes to feed it a lead sandwich . But the noise vanishes quickly leaving behind a silence devoid of crickets . Barbagli rushes to wake his men . To arms ! On your feet ! - A fru , fru , fru in the night . - Fuck off ... How can I catch it ? Everyone knows that Communists eat children . What if the opposite should happen ? Okay ! Since we have one extra , we 'll use him as a bait for the enemy , so we can catch him in the act ... Then , a show trial and a firing squad . - Let 's eat him ourselves . - Communists can and we can 't ? Why do Communists eat better than us ? The men protest and cry " Injustice ! " But we are not savages . Civilization does not always go hand in hand with appetite . The paedo-phagic trap is laid . Pini ties up the child with his ball and leaves him exposed to the saliva of evil . Then he returns to camp with the others . I 'll catch him , thinks Barbagli , like that lion in Africa . The brave are not afraid to die , it makes them laugh instead of cry . Man and beast face to face , equally armed . They hold their breath . DESTINATION : ROME ZOO And finally the prize that goes only to the brave . And here comes that point of no return that divides a story into before and after . But right where today 's historian needs it , the newsreel , inexplicably , is missing . The child has slipped unctuously through the ropes and abandoned the altar of Abraham . No problem , I 'll bring you back for the sacrifice , but first Barbagli realizes he must rid himself of the ball . The youthful acne , the more you squeeze it , the bigger it gets . So farewell vile boil . A kick from the feet of Italy , that shafted Hungary in the World Cup . Words fail to describe what has happened and to allot blame . But if there 's enough tax money left over , an official inquiry will go ahead for years . As we have said , the pictures are missing and behold , more footage from the Leftists . Partisan and cow-towing to left wing prosecutors . The usual Communist shindig . Drunk on wine ! The only thing missing is the sausage stand . But the ship is gone and here we stay . Free from rhetorical misuse , they can now recover the true sense of the word " irrevocable " . What 'll we do ? It was blown up . That 's what spaceships do . We 'll never get back . Glory matters ! What glory ! It 's time to make a big din . We 'll discuss this later , now we have to face : the Mimimmi problem ! They 're treacherous creatures ... They must behave according to Fascist ideology ! Their immobility is contrary to Fascism , which is dynamism . I don 't like their attitude . They destroyed our ship ! - They destroyed our ship . - Well , it happens ... - They destroyed it ! - Yes ! The theory is a success ... - They 're bastards ! - How will we get back ? - They even took the ball . - It was them . How can you recognize a great statesman ? One who doesn 't make mistakes ? Of course he makes them ! That 's how you can tell he 's a great statesman ... the more he fucks up , the longer he stays in power ! In the end , you might think , they 're just stationary stones , but that is our lot ... and who says that a final solution has to correspond to an initial problem ? That one 's moving too . That one ! Barbagli has won his men back . Now they believe there is an open hidden enemy . Once again they trust him and his mental abilities . - The Virgin Mary ! - What ? - There 's nothing there ! - There 's nothing there ... His popularity is on the rise . There goes that rhythmic scratching again . That deep , menacing breathing . Barbagli tries to trap it however he can , but never manages ... sometimes he thinks bitterly , courage is not enough , you need Lady Luck on your side . Two more inscriptions are erased . He responds with the usual look . The last straw is reached when Pini drinks the last of the paint . A sudden omen . An attack from the sky ! " Meteorites ! " , shouts Fecchia , but Barbagli knows that nothing is more deceptive than evidence . On guard ! Here comes one ! What a scene ! What great special effects ! The attack has gone smoothly and uncovered the long awaited oasis . Water ! Balbo sent it , the great Galeazzo Ciano sent it ! Pure Italian water ! Which corporation holds the water supply rights ? We do ! - Hold it ! - You resigned ! Fecchia and Petacchi were nominated , you stepped down . Let me see your work permit ! But a fight over jurisdiction breaks out between the federal , state , and local government . We can 't drink , we must return to the camp and decide together ... Come on ! Don 't drink ! It 's an order ! You want to drink like that , like slaves at a well ? But our man is categorical . No drinking until we find the agency in charge . For 2 hours Barbagli works tirelessly , no offence intended , but he gets nowhere . Finally he gives in and creates a new five-member corporation so that they can all enjoy the MANNA from heaven . There 's no rush , we 've got all the time we want ! We can build a bridge , Barbagli dreams , like the one to Messina that must have been built by now ... Calm down ! Fascists use a mess tin this way . Observe the movement ! Draw and imbibe slowly . Never drink in a hurry ! Clear ? Wait ! What will we call this lake ? Lake Barbagli ! No , it makes me sound ruthless ... - Let 's call it Lake Dux . - Acqua Dux ! Doesn 't that sound like a seedy seaside resort ? Lake Petacci ! Let 's drink ! Kursaal ! But they 'd counted their chickens before they were hatched . The water has evaporated into the atmosphere . Who removed it ? We didn 't ! It was probably a mirage ! It must be underground . Even more is wasted in useless tears and complaints . Let 's not make a scene , today 's really been a ... - His fault . - Now we 'll have to drink sand ! It 's one of those things . So it went ... Some start digging again , but it 's like looking for a lake in a haystack . When night falls they are all beset by terrible dreams , the noises become voices , voices of dead grandmothers calling out . Gaetano ... Gaetano ... - Is he crazy ? - Take him away ! YOU 'RE USELESS YOU 'RE A DUMBASS DUMBASS Your Excellency ... Who 's there ? Where are you ? Fecchia wakes him . That sound again ! That the leader has described so often . He hears it , too . There it is again ! Barbagli 's ear is so perfect he only needs one . It 's coming from headquarters , where the men are asleep ! It stirs their pride as Italians , deadly and infallible ! Stop ! What are you doing ? Stop ! Stop , for God 's sake ! You dishonour your weapon ! - She 's not like the others . - Snake ! - How disgusting ! - Leave her alone ! What should they do now ? This damned night time noise has cost them sleep and sanity . But look : it was the sonorous fruit of lust ! A vast left-wing conspiracy has erased the Duce 's writings , corrupted a man with the disgusting arm of mineral sensuality . If memory serves me well , it also blew up the spaceship ... In primis , revise the history books , Russian style , to erase the dishonour . We landed on Mars on a heroic May 10 . There were four of us : me , Pini , Fecchia , and Freghieri . The same for the exercise on the vault . It was just me , Pini , Fecchia , and Freghieri . To build the ship we were willingly helped by a promising local physicist . There was just Pini . This guy was making a mockery of the Geneva convention . The only prisoner in ropes was a Fascist ... But where is he ? Where is he ? How can we rewrite history if it won 't stay still one second ? Let 's build a life together , away from this madness . The traitor has fled , pursuing the obscene dream of interracial love , dragging into the orgy the " Donna Rachele " , which they thought was broken like their honour . " Death to sexual tourism " . I wouldn 't be surprised if he was the infiltrator . Let him elope with that dog ! All she cares about is his money . We 'll go back to the enemy of the inscriptions , but how are they scratched away ? He simulates natural erosion ! Night casts its pall over the residual heroes ' camp . Fecchia hasn 't come back . Tensions are so thick you could cut them with a knife , which unfortunately would not make them edible . Freghieri convinces the others to divine fate through an oracular game of bingo . Barbagli , undaunted , faces it down with the usual two cards . The numbers come out like prophetic dates . - 8 ! - 8 ! - 9 ! - You 've got it ! 43 ! It 's come up twice ! - I see death ! - Carry on ! - 25 ! - I haven 't got it . 4 . 45 . Double ! Double ! The consummate hero calls out defiantly . I say double to adverse destiny , double to a cowardly enemy , double to the salons of the pinko intellectuals . He 's mad . And here you see what only he can see . Who goes there ? Freghieri , give me the rifle ! Give me the rifle ! - Aim ! - He 's gone crazy ! Double ! Is he crazy ? Remember there 's a thin line between genius and folly ... Crazy , yes , but only by a little ! THE IDES OF MARS ! " I was always one of you . " No night , no matter how dark , can stop the sun from rising . The next morning , the sky is terse with a strange calm . Fecchia has returned at dawn , empty-handed . The men are docile , tranquil ... except Pini , who is trapped in a noisy fixation . Today Fascist free time will give every soldier a pyrotechnical toy . Look at those virile stars ! - It 's a real Fascist sky ! - Let 's salute it ! That star 's so beautiful ! Close your eyes and make a wish ! Salute ! Another ! Close your eyes ! Salute ! Another one . This is wonderful . What 's going on ? What 's happening ? Why are Italians always so mistreated abroad ? Trench warfare is revived , but memory recalls that unlike Austria , the guns here shoot from above . Where is the helmet of Scipius when you need it ? The Mimimmi mountain partisans are finally attacking , backed up by international Zionism . Don 't shoot ! Fecchia throws down his gun and gives up during the battle they 've been awaiting for 6 months and you viewers for two hours . The infant monstrosity is already a deserter . Beware , kid , there are no pardons here ! But in the end , even history is at its worst . Then , for some strange reason , the bombardment ceases . FREE SPACE FOR BILL POSTING Puppet ! - There 'll a be court-martial ! - Goodbye ! Watch this ! - No ! - Look ! - The Duce looks great . - Let 's go ! Leave him alone ! This is your first warning ! I 'll count to 3 ! 1 ! 2 ! I 'll count to 6 ! They leave him to recount the votes . The Grand Council table has degenerated into a rowdy camp . Noisy and indignant , feet on the table , cigars in their mouths , the traitors let themselves go , berating the prisoner . Even Fecchia sings coarse songs and jokes about the leadership . They talk about political absurdities , as if they were at a bar . " Let 's privatise everything " , Pini proposes ... " lmagination in government " , echoes another imbecile . Why fight ? Agreements are drawn up for a cowardly separatist peace . Having stolen the key to the field canteen , the traitors shamefully break into the last supplies , like liberal locusts , drinking , singing , and never thinking about tomorrow . But the war continues ! SISMI , the agency for detecting telluric movements , gives a disastrous reading . The army is broken , lost without orders to follow . Fecchia falls into the Badoglio crater . The good Freghieri tries to extend a hand , a talent that nature failed to give him . So he bids him goodnight . The man who denied Mussolini is now crying crocodile tears . Barbagli is left to die in jail like a drug addict , but his glorious scalp will not be taken by a stone . Now for revenge and blood , for five more years of the Martian miracle . FASCISTS ON MARS : CHOOSING SIDES ! Here are the marksmen . Now what ? It doesn 't look like the eagle or the fasces . If it 's reinforcements , they 're not here for us . But revenge is blind . Massacre , state massacre or right wing massacre , the distinction is made later at the morgue . - Traitors ! - Sorry ! Forgive us ! We didn 't do it on purpose ! You 're really pulling my chest hairs ! - Look ! - Go ahead , you 're our leader ! And he finally sees the problem : flying saucers ... expressly forbidden by the Duce ! All this fuss over some miserable women who 've come to admire the black shirts and make their friends jealous . Welcome to our planet . Here 's to us ! On behalf of the Duce ... They dropped in by surprise , like we did with the Abyssinians ... But we 're polite to these poor souls , who are dreaming of marrying a uniform . But where are they going ? They come by UFO to our planet and don 't even respect protocol ? Where do they think they are ? Shopping in a department store ? Ladies of outer space , we 'd ... " Buzz off " , she seems to say . What are you doing ? A globe of Mars suspended in the air through some trick . What a useless invention : it spins round by itself ... the only thing to do would be to give it a good wallop . Shall we go onto the pitch ? - It 's lovely ! - It 's a coloured ball ! It 's a coloured ball ... It turns , but it doesn 't bomb . Let 's go to the pitch . Tell the ladies to come . Ladies ... Barbagli is amazed by our boys ... at least they could molest the ladies . Seeing the girls ' outfits , no judge would deny the men were provoked . But instead , this conjuring trick has dummified them . Come here right away ! Barbagli calls them back to order . But women are fickle . It doesn 't matter ... And you always get the cart before the horse . What are these interstellar housewives looking for ? They ignore men and do what they want ... They 'll want to vote too ! Young Fascist girls ! And here is our national ladies man ... She doesn 't speak our tongue , the sour-puss , but she does try to study it . Water ! - Thanks ! - What are you doing ? - What are you doing ? - Let 's drink ! - Who gave you that ? - They did . Take this water , thank the ladies and give it back to them ! - No ! - Yes ! Fascists don 't accept charity ! I 'll do the talking . Ladies , what are you doing here ? Mars is Fascist , it 's ours ! Is that clear ? Not at all ... they disappear and reappear like the Cheshire Cat , and laugh at an object with no name ... It 's not an invasion , not a war , though the danger seems great . A defiance of our cultural values . The pacifist tanks advance , filled with cupcakes and gum . This is the Marshalls ' plan ! The proud Fascist eagle is now a begging puppy . But we 'll see , nothing about these aliens worries us . We grow the crops , they just make the circles . Barbagli faces her down , but gets caught in a web of apathy . You 're our guests , but this materialization thing ... What are you doing ? They abase themselves with contemptible neorealism ... Shame on you , Italy , trading your honour for a scrap of bread . Useless , harmless , pointless tricks ... The only science is military science and Italy sets the standard ... On parade , the seductive flowers of Fascism . The Fascist soldier . The Fascist aviators . She 's crazy for him . Barbagli has won , superior racial pride fills the hearts of his men once more . The sons of the she-wolf . The royal scuba-divers . Where are they going ? Too much humiliation maybe ? Didn 't you watch the parade ? Something that ... A periscope ... Thanks . Freghieri , show the girls what a Fascist rifle can do ! Now I 'll show you the power of this lethal weapon . - Attention ! - It 's from WW1 . Cover your ears , fire ! - Impressive , eh ? - Careful , it 's hot . Go and get the prisoner ... Go ! This being was Communist and was subdued by Fascism ! You 'll see how our military might forced this creature to bow down to Fascism . Thank you . This creature was subjugated ... Finally they understand and speak our language . It 's a stone , she says . Very good . Did you need a degree for that ? She continues to scold : " What are you doing here ? Moochers , morons , radiation victims ! " She talks about UVA rays ... where did she hear about those ? We can take you home . She said home ! That sounds like the song of the sirens . And the worst of the worst comes tumbling after . Where there used to be a mountain OUR mountain , there is now bubbling lava , with the flying whatsitsname bobbing above . They have a secret weapon ... a double-dose of shame ... shame upon shame , as that left-winger from Asti would say . So they just came here to fill up with gas ? Is that any reason to destroy a kingdom ? What are you doing ? Here we go ... The ship sinks and the rats start packing . Our hero still has the strength to get mad . But the Fascist leaders suddenly look like dinosaurs . You used to command what ? Now Barbagli has time to think ... One of his men fled with a frigid lover . One is lost , who knows where . One , uninvited , has the mind of a child . and he didn 't have time to execute the last two . Stones and sex : that 's all Mars had to offer . But does it matter that from a Nipponese friend Barbagli learned the art of ... oh , forget about it ! The women have finished . The baleful hour of the deserter arrives . Are you ready to leave ? Yes ! We 're going home ! What can our poor man do ? All is lost , and his rebellious mind is playing tricks on him . We should give them something . Let 's give them that magnificent Fascist lamp . It 's down there ! Go and get it , it 's only two kilometres . We 'll wait for you . Go on , hurry . Ladies ... You can go , they 're not coming . Don 't worry . They changed their minds , but they 're a bit timid . Faced with those ladies ... On your way ! He imagines what he will say to his men back at camp . " They ran away . Never trust women . I begged them on my knees but it was breastfeeding time . " But they won 't leave . " Sure you don 't want to come ? You poor puppies ! " What happened to the right to euthanasia ? I wear my jacket to salute a lady who 's leaving ! Touch the button and look what happens ... Zorro 's cape gives us style . They disperse and reassemble the atoms of Italy ... it will lose its identity . Take a look around . It 'll make your blood run cold ... that place they chose for take-off is the same where he sent his men . Quick ! Before it 's too late ! It would serve us right if the pre - , post - , or whatever you want to call those Fascists , didn 't notice what was flying overhead . Can you believe that Fecchia , returned to camp secretly and , after a mystic crisis , founded a new order of monks that do not take a vow of silence . Repent ! The spaceship . And your ass is grass . But the rustic funhouse hovers around and doesn 't take off . Its landing lights go on and off like a neon sign . Are you a sniper or do I have to take it out with my musket ? Barbagli can 't run fast enough . To better express an emotional farewell , he takes an eloquent bow . Let 's banish the inventors of etiquette ! But no sooner does the woman vaporize than a horrid creature jumps into her lap ... and the dwarves make off with the ballerinas . That weasel Freghieri also arrives ... he , too , is lucky ! Did the Pope die meanwhile ? The last to arrive is Pini , completely covered with make-up , ready to jump on the winner 's chariot . But enough of jolts and jiggers ! At the crack of the rockets whip the earth cracks open , releasing more springs of water from below . Women drivers ! But Pini keeps running till he falls into the crater . Resist , Barbagli shouts ... undaunted by the vapours , he extends the paternal hand that everyone decided to bite ... Take one last look before it shakes , because here , for the last time , unabashed heroism is repaid by bitter surprises . Pini is a Negro ! The waters of Mars have washed away the shame , the deceitful make-up , that betrayed Rome 's trust ... Pini is a Negro . And he dances ! Black and treacherous . Both Othello and lago . And now Barbagli recognizes him . He 's Abdul Ali Dumbuti , the famous Abyssinian spy , but he 's gone . The spaceship saves the coward . Again his thoughts run to his mother . Another well-known spy . The leader has lost his energy . He looks sadly at the scene of his defeat and at the departing ship ... Run toward the coloured lights , he whispers , and you 'll see in the end you 'll be their slaves ! EPILOGUE What hath the twentieth century wrought , and what can we expect from the next ? In the Fatherland the Leftists won , and have governed forever after and written the history books . So our adventure , like a thousand other glorious feats , was deleted by the red pens of schoolmarms . It was so heavily revised that even I had trouble narrating it . Everything was blown to smithereens . But it doesn 't matter . We fear not your judgment . The truth is that the regime did not fall because it had failed , but because of opportunism and conspiracies by squalid historical scrap ! Quislings , turncoats , those who suddenly declared they 'd always been anti-Fascist . They burned their black shirts and quickly donned their smelly old civilian clothes , urbane manners , and formal language . Look , Miriam , see what a state that bastard Barbagli , is in ? - Poor devil . - Santodio ! The same people were ready to deny everything for the Yankee dollar : their history , their faith , even their humanity . And many never again set foot in the Fatherland . And those who supported Fascism as long as it was useful to them . Once they had made their money , without dirtying their lily-white hands , they turned their backs on it . Those who were consumed by a futile sense of guilt would cry for years over the blood that had been spilt and start looking for God knows what absurd Marxist truth . Maybe unlike the Earth , and for Christopher Columbus ' joy , Mars is really flat ... But in the end what do true and false matter ? Is Italy a peninsula or is the rest of the world an appendage ? These are air castles that no one buys . I 'm telling the truth . The problem with Italy was not getting to know it , but that once you knew it everything stayed the same . Because the Italians are like Mimimmi . Everything flies right over their heads . Do you think you 're free ? Ten times a year , you vote for people you don 't even know . And once they 're elected , they do whatever they want . A small group of people trick you into thinking you have power . What do you get out of it ? Dictatorships oppress the people . Democracy forces people to oppress themselves . But remember , a people that loses its memory ... what was I saying ? Oh , yeah . Is there life in the cosmos ? Apart from women and moss ? Who knows ... If there 's life , then there must be order ! I 've always thought that the Copernican system was too lax . But they say that starlight , unlike the national train system , can be years , even centuries late ... So when we look at the sky we don 't see how it is today , but a kind of newsreel of the past that shows the lights from a time long gone . So let us hope the alien observing us from another shore of infinity sees the images of the Duce on horseback rather than the pettiness of today . And a shimmer of light , a good thunderclap that will make tomorrow brighter . You 'll say that he was a one-man band . You 're right . This is the meaning of autarchy . Gaetano Maria Barbagli was above all a man of order , and moreover the son of a cleaning woman . He left life the same as he had found it . Whatever you might think , he was the greatest statesman that Mars ever had . You have no right to judge him . Let us await the judgment of history , which always has a nice reform ready to pretty up the bad news . I leave you with one question together with my farewell . Are we Italians , still enslaved by outmoded ideologies , ready to face the challenges of tomorrow and understand the great mysteries of the universe ? FASCISTS ON MARS A VICTORY DENIED Subtitles : Laser S. Film s.r.I. - Roma
