 ( PANTING ) ( GUN COCKING ) Come on , Claire . It 's me . Put down the gun . Can 't . It ends here . No , no , no ! Wait , wait ! I 'm going back to the day they all found out . It 's too late . It isn 't ! Think about it , Claire . It wouldn 't be like this if they 'd never known about us . No camps , no experiments , no hiding underground , hunted like this . All these powers , it 's gonna destroy everything . I made peace with that a long time ago . You never did . What happened to you , Claire ? How did you get to this place ? I 'm different , remember ? Special . I can fix all of this . Everything . Please . I 'm sorry , Peter . I always loved you . ( BULLET RICOCHETS ) NATHAN : Welcome . Good afternoon , thank you for coming . Most of you probably have no idea who I am . ( CAMERAS CLICKING ) My name is Nathan Petrelli , and I was elected to Congress from the state of New York , seems like a long time ago . Last year , something incredible happened to me , and it changed my life . First , I was afraid . But I 'm not afraid anymore . I 'm here to tell you the truth . I have the ability ... ( GUNSHOTS ) ( WOMAN SCREAMING ) ( CAMERAS CLICKING ) ( PEOPLE CLAMORING ) Get an ambulance in here ! Now ! OFFICER : Get back ! I said back ! You stay with ... Stay with him . Don 't leave him . Where is he ? I lost him . Did you get a good look at him ? No . No . REPORTER : Police currently have no leads as to the cause of the shooting , and an investigation is underway to locate the gunman . The building has been sealed off , and authorities are interviewing everyone present . The status of his condition at this time is unknown . Mr. Petrelli was in the middle of a public statement when he was hit with two bullets to the chest . Nathan Petrelli graduated from Annapolis ... Hello ? CLAIRE ON PHONE : Peter ? It 's me . Claire ? Is he ... Oh , it 's bad . We 're gonna get him to the hospital . I should be there . I can help . No , he needs to get into surgery . But my blood ... Claire , you 're in California . What he needs is to be in a hospital right now . Just ... I 'll call you as soon as I know anything . REPORTER : Police currently have no leads as to the cause of the shooting ... WOMAN ON PA : Dr. Langdon , report to Emergency . Dr. Cattrell , Dr. Daniel Cattrell ... Dr. Hartman , Dr. Phil Hartman , Emergency admitting . He was down for four minutes . Hang two units of blood and charge the paddles ! DOCTOR : This is a restricted area . I 'm his brother . I 'm sorry . Is he gonna make it ? DOCTOR : Let 's go ! Paddles ready . Here you go . Clear ! Three-sixty ! Clear ! I 'm sorry . Shouldn 't have ended this way . ( GASPS ) ( SIGHING ) ( KNOCK ON DOOR ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) Ando . ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) Police currently have no leads as to the cause of the shooting , and an investigation is underway to locate the gunman . The building has been sealed off , and authorities are interviewing everyone present . REPORTER 2 : Mr. Petrelli was in the middle of a ... Hello , Claire . I bet you 've been wondering where I 've been since you saw me last , huh ? Let 's just say I took a little detour from my career path . Spent a little time south of the border , but that 's all behind me now , like a long night after a bad taco . No . I saw Hiro Nakamura kill you . I was there . And yet here I am , fully recovered . Well , not fully . That 's actually why I 've come . What do you want from me ? Same thing I did last time I came for you . I want what you have , Claire . I want your power . ( GROANS ) ( EXCLAIMS ) ( FOOTSTEP ) ( GRUNTS ) Oh , my God ! God 's sake , Maya ! Oh , my God , I 'm so sorry . I thought it was Sylar coming back . I saw the doorknob moving ... It 's this damn key . It 's bent . How did it go with Molly ? Harder than I had wished for . The flight attendants said they 'd look after her until she landed , but ... I just hope I did the right thing . She 'll be safe now . No one 's going to find her there . And now we can finally start on my examination . Yeah , about that . I know I promised you , Maya , but I really am in no position to help you . What do you mean ? I mean I 've hit a dead end with my research . There 's nothing left for me to do here . I 'm packing up my things , I 'm going home to India . I don 't understand . After all this time , I 've found nothing that leads me to believe I can take these powers away . But I came all the way from South America to find you . For a cure . And I 'm sorry , but I can 't help you . But you haven 't even tried ! It 's not fair . You can 't do this to me . You have to try . ( GRUNTING ) Maya . I 'm sorry . I should go now . No . Wait . Tell me what just happened . When you got upset , angry , your ability manifested . Is it always that way ? Yes . When I 'm scared or mad , it just happens . And to make it stop ? I just calm down somehow . Like some kind of sympathetic nervous system response . There 's a mind-body connection . The neuropathways that control ... What are you talking about ? Fight or flight . The adrenal glands . They control our stress levels . My father had it all wrong ! For years , he 'd been working on a formula , trying to isolate the gene for these abilities . It 's all here . All this time , I 've been trying to make sense of it , but he was looking in the wrong place . These abilities don 't originate in the blood . They 're produced from adrenaline . Now , all I have to do is make you mad again . ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) Hiro ! ( RATTLING ) ( UNLOCKS ) ( WHOOSHING ) ( HIRO AND ANDO GASPING ) How are you doing this ? Are you a speedster , too ? Speedster ? No . I am Hiro Nakamura . I stop time . I got news . You don 't stop it completely , or we 're not having this conversation . So you move fast ? Not " fast . " I move " really fast . " Well , you stole something from me . You mean this ? This whole time-stopping thing , how does it work , exactly ? I mean , if you chase me to Bangkok , will time stay frozen here in Tokyo ? I don 't know . Well , something to think about when you get back on your feet . But I am on my feet . ( PEOPLE EXCLAIMING ) Gotta go ! ( GASPS ) MATT : Peter . You looking for this ? Hey , yeah ... I was just ... Just what ? It 's pretty incredible , huh ? Nathan 's recovery ? They said the bullets went straight through him . Barely any damage , like his body had already healed inside . How 'd you know where to find the gun , Peter ? I just figured there weren 't many places for him to stash it . And what makes you think he stashed it ? ( GROANS ) You had to go and be the detective , didn 't you , Matt ? How did you ... I came from the future . To stop Nathan from telling the world about us . I had to . It 's where it all begins . The future ? And now that you know , you can 't be here . ( GRUNTS ) ( WHOOSHES ) ( GROANS ) Petrelli 's miraculous recovery has this hospital staff completely baffled . His condition has been upgraded to stable , and he is resting comfortably . The shocking footage that has been played over and over on news outlets and YouTube has created a ... ( WHISPERING ) That 's him . That 's him . ( PRAYING IN SPANISH ) ( SPEAKING SPANISH ) I was dead and He gave me another chance . But now I know the reason I 'm here . To do great things . To do his bidding . Mr. Petrelli , earlier today , you were about to make a statement . You had a message to deliver . Are you ready to do that now ? ( GUN COCKS ) God is the only one with a message . It 's a message of hope and urgency , because he 's not gonna wait much longer . His message is a simple one : We 're all connected . Our hopes , our dreams , our children 's future , reflecting back in each other 's eyes . We fight our own personal battles , but we know we 're not alone . Because only together can we make our short time on this planet mean something . Only together can we be the stewards of our own destiny , and we hold in our collective hearts one noble goal : To save ourselves , save the world . MOHINDER : I 've separated the tyrosine and combined that with the dopamines produced by your adrenals . And what now ? We wait a few seconds to see if the enzymes attach to the cortisol . You 're very brave to have found me the way you did . There was no other choice . I imagine that it must be very unsettling to have these abilities . But I have also imagined , many times , the exhilaration one must feel to know such power , to feel so special . It worked . What have you done ? What my father never could . I 've isolated the genetic building block of these abilities . I 've found its source . I have to get to the loft , to my lab . There 's a centrifuge there . I have to verify and duplicate these results . This is incredible . I don 't understand . What have you found ? The contents of this single syringe could give powers to anyone . Give powers ? And with the added component of adrenaline , the effects would be instantaneous . ( GASPS ) SYLAR : I know you 're scared . I would be , too , all alone in this house with someone like me , a man you barely know . It isn 't exactly a fair fight , I admit . But I don 't want to fight you , Claire . I just want what you have . You see , I lost everything that made me special . Lost , but now found . There 's a whole shopping list of abilities right here . But I 'm gonna start with the best . And once I have yours ... ( GROANS ) ( GASPING ) ( SCREAMS ) No ! ( WEAKLY ) What are you doing to me ? Looking for answers before I bleed to death . Funny , I 'm looking for answers , too . Why don 't I feel anything ? No nerve endings . An amazing bit of machinery , this . And how much of it do we actually use ? 10 % ? Maybe 20 ? Imagine the answers we 'd have with 100 % . ( SYLAR GROANING ) Why is there evil ? ( PANTING ) How many angels can dance on the head of a pin ? How do we make love stay ? All these answers , they 're all right here . Are you going to eat it ? Eat your brain ? Claire , that 's disgusting . ( GASPS ) ( EXCLAIMS ) There it is . ( GROANS ) ( GRUNTS ) ( EXHALES ) ( BREATHES DEEPLY ) Wait . What about me ? Aren 't you going to kill me ? Poor girl . There 's so much about yourself you don 't even understand . Your brain is not like the others , Claire . You are not like the others . You 're different . You 're special . And I couldn 't kill you even if I wanted to . You can never die . And now I guess neither can I. I ran two samples in the centrifuge . The enzymes held both times . You need to destroy that , Dr. Suresh . What ? What are you talking about ? It 's like you said . It 's against the laws of nature . No . Maya , this is a discovery of world-changing proportions . The possibilities for the advancement of science , for our entire species ... Ordinary people ... Would have my ability . No , no . Each individual 's blood chemistry is unique , like fingerprints . These abilities could manifest in an infinite number of ways . But they can still end up terrible , like mine . Or they could be wonderful . Flight , telepathy , super strength . Of course , it would have to be perfected . There 'll be research and development , clinical trials . But in the wrong hands ... It 's in the wrong hands now , Maya . An entire clandestine company dedicated to hiding it from the rest of the world . Yes , because of people like me ! People like Sylar ! Exactly . Sylar killed my father . If I had had a legitimate chance to inject myself with this , to give myself a power , then perhaps I could 've stopped that . That 's my point . You would actually inject yourself with that ? There are quantum leaps in science that one dreams of being a part of . This is one of them . I don 't see why you don 't understand that . And I don 't see why anyone would want these abilities . It 's a curse ! Can what 's in that syringe cure me or not ? Then it 's evil , and you should destroy it , for the sake of all of us . Am I still here ? Yeah . " Touched by God . " That 's what you said in the chapel . I thought I dreamed that . It 's true , Pete . He saved me . He came for me . He brought me back . We 've seen what people like us can do , Nathan . Things no one in the world can . I came back from the dead . You had third-degree burns over half your body . And who 's to say this isn 't the hand of God ? All of us with these powers . Didn 't you ever stop and think about it , Pete ? We can be angels , all here to do God 's bidding . What happened to telling the world about us ? Well , we couldn 't be angels if everyone knew , now , could we ? I don 't expect you to understand what I did to you . But I hope someday you 'll forgive me . Life is funny , isn 't it , Nathan ? Linderman . You 're the one who healed me . " There 's a divinity that shapes our ends , rough-hew them how we will . " It seems you and I are meant for great things , Nathan . Great things indeed . The extraordinary claim of divine intervention has captured the imagination of the entire country . And nowhere is it being greeted with greater interest than by the leaders of the religious community . In short , the elected Congressman from New York has become a cause célèbre , the poster child ... Tracy , baby ? ... for political redemption . I think we found our guy ! Isn 't that my job , Governor ? It 's a message of hope and urgency , because he 's not gonna wait much longer . What 's his name ? Petrelli . Nathan Petrelli . Our hopes , our dreams , our children 's future , reflecting ... I like him . ... back in each other 's eyes . ( WHIMPERS ) No ! Is there anybody here ? ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SIREN WAILING ) ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) ( ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ) Hiro ! ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) What have you done with Peter ? Who do you think you inherited your first ability from ? Your dreams . I dreamed you 'd come . I saw what you 'd do . Shooting your own brother , for God sake . I had to . It was Nathan who set everything in motion . The powers , the greed , the war ... Who are you to play God ? If you can see the future , then you know that that formula that you and your friends tried to bury , it gets out and it destroys everything ! The only future I 've ever seen is the one caused by you . But Nathan didn 't die . And now he doesn 't have to . It doesn 't matter . Because by shooting him , you 've screwed up everything . Something different happens now . And it 's all because of you . So why don 't you go back to where you came from ? You understand ? Now , what did you do with my son ? Don 't worry , I put him someplace safe . ( BANGING ) JESSE : This is a mistake ! I 'm not supposed to be here ! I 'm not who you think I am ! I 'm Peter Petrelli ! You 've got to help me ! I 'm Peter Petrelli ! Peter Petrelli ! MOHINDER : " Turning and turning in the widening gyre , " the falcon cannot hear the falconer . " Things fall apart . The center cannot hold . " Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world . " JESSE : I 'm not who you think I am ! I 'm Peter Petrelli ! Please get me out of here ! " The blood-dimmed tide is loosed , " and everywhere the ceremony of innocence is drowned . " The best lack all conviction , " while the worst are full of passionate intensity . " Surely some revelation is at hand . " Surely the Second Coming is at hand . " The Second Coming ! " Hardly are those words out " when a vast image out of Spiritus Mundi troubles my sight . " Somewhere , in sands of the desert , " a shape with lion body and the head of a man , " a gaze blank and pitiless as the sun , is moving its slow thighs , " while all about it reel shadows of the indignant desert birds . " The darkness drops again , " but now I know that 20 centuries of stony sleep " were vexed to nightmare by a rocking cradle . " And what rough beast , its hour come round at last , " slouches towards Bethlehem to be born ? " ( GASPS ) Dude 's got some money here somewhere . Give me your money . I said give me your money ! Now , waste him . ( GUN COCKING ) ( GROANING ) ( SCREAMING ) THUG 1 : Hey , you all right ? Get up , man ! Let 's move ! Let 's go ! Come on !
