 MOHINDER : Previously on Heroes . You had to go and be the detective , didn 't you , Matt ? Now that you know , you can 't be here . ( GRUNTS ) No ! This girl found me and said I should go to this company , Pinehearst . If there is a chance that these people at Pinehearst can help us ... ( PETER SCREAMING ) You don 't have your powers any more , Peter . Because I have them now . I 'm sorry , Peter , this is something I have to do . If you help him , you 're proving the worst things I 've said about you . Just kick his ass , and let 's get out of here . Oh , I 'm not going anywhere , Peter . You are . You can 't heal . How did you fall that far and not die ? Now that they think that we 're dead , we have time to get away . No . I told you I 'm not running . There 's a company , Primatech , they know how to deal with situations like this . If anybody can help , they can . It worked . He thinks I 'm on his side . ( GASPS ) ARTHUR : Hello , Angela . You can see the future . I can 't have that . That 's too dangerous . Dad 's dead . He 's not , he 's alive . I need to know where he is . Pinehearst . Pinehearst , the biotech firm ? How do you know about Pinehearst ? I 've been taking a consultant fee from them for over a year . I can open doors . I don 't need any doors opened . I plan on kicking them down . I 'm ready to begin my spirit walk . I understand you 've been dreaming about me . ( SCREAMING ) MOHINDER : When the moon passes between the sun and the Earth , a strange fascination takes root in the heart , and suddenly anything is possible . Its power is undeniable , its beauty mesmerizing , its lure biblical , its meaning unknowable , and as quickly as it comes , it disappears , leaving us to dwell on our own insignificance in the face of God . ( HIRO SCREAMING ) ARTHUR : I understand you 've been dreaming about me . I can 't have that . It 's too dangerous . Hiro ! Leave my friend alone ! ( YELLS ) ( GRUNTS ) ( SCREAMS ) You had one job to do , and now I have to come clean up your mess . That 's what I get for sending a boy to do a man 's job . ( ANDO GRUNTING ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SIGHS IN RELIEF ) ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) Hiro . Still hard to believe Peter survived that fall without his powers . Yeah , I was just thinking that myself . Come , I have something to show you . GABRIEL : Where are you taking me ? It 's time I started acting like your father , Gabriel . That hunger you 've got , it 's not about killing , it 's about power . You can take all the abilities you want , without killing . I can teach you . How ? By accessing your empathy , that part of your heart I know is there . You 've had this power all along . Empathy ? What makes you think I 'm capable of that ? Because I know you 're the one that saved Peter from that fall . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) ( CHAINS CLINKING ) You . ( GABRIEL SCREAMING ) We have to get out of here . I know , but you 're not coming with me . What ? I 'm gonna go someplace where they can 't find me , and you 're gonna go home . Peter , I have to protect you . I can protect myself , Claire . How ? You don 't have your powers . Your father 's trying to kill you . Look , this isn 't your fight . I need you to stay ... Stay what ? Innocent . ( BANGING ) Fire escape , run . I 'll hold them off . Claire . I have a plan . Go . You 're never gonna find him . That 's cute . She 's protecting him . ( KNOX CHUCKLES ) Don 't you know ? I 'm the defensive player of the year . ( BONES SNAPPING ) PETER : Come on . Told you I had a plan . Yeah . What 's wrong ? They 're coming . Come on . ( GRUNTING ) Go , go . We should keep moving . Any luck yet ? If you call this " luck . " What went wrong ? I don 't know . I 'm beginning to think it 's impossible to give people abilities without an adverse reaction . He 's a human being for God 's sake . I see we share a fascination . It seems most of the powers I 've documented took place during the last total annular eclipse . It 's probably just a coincidence . I thought I 'd successfully combined my findings with yours . I mean , theoretically , this formula is sound , but the serum is triggering a mutation because something is missing . Something ? Some kind of catalyst that allows the proteins from the serum to bond with the enzymes produced by each individual 's adrenals . Then you 'll just have to keep looking . It 's not that simple . The key component of this catalyst would be something that couldn 't be stored or created synthetically . Meaning what ? Meaning it would live in a human host . You 're saying this catalyst isn 't something , it 's someone ? Kaito . I 'm sorry ? My former colleague , Kaito Nakamura , he hid it , just not well enough . ( PANTING ) I will kill you , you son of a bitch . ( SHOUTING ) You murdered my father . Yes , I did . ( SCREAMING ) How could you do that to me ? ( CRYING ) I 'm not gonna insult you by saying I 'm sorry . You deserve so much more than that , Elle . You deserve vengeance . I 'll take whatever you 've got . ( SCREAMING ) I thought you said there were people who could help us here . There were . I don 't ... Where 'd they all go ? It 's like a ghost town . ( HEART MONITOR BEEPING ) Who is that ? Her name is Angela Petrelli . Petrelli . What 's wrong with her ? I don 't know . Mrs. Petrelli . ( GASPS ) ( GROANS ) ( PANTING ) What is it ? What did you see ? I got to help her . I 'm gonna get a nurse . ( PANTING ) Didn 't expect you so soon . Matt Parkman 's at Primatech . He 's trying to help your wife . Did you do that to her ? Mrs. Petrelli will be fine . Can we leave Matt out of this ? You know , if you 're unhappy , I can always arrange for you to go back to your previous life . Just tell me what I 'm supposed to do . Stay with Parkman . And if he tries to help your wife ? Then I 'll be waiting . We 'll keep going , then we 'll separate . Separate ? I told you , you have to go home . I 'm not going home , Peter . You still have a chance , Claire . I left home so I could fight these people , and I have . I can protect myself now , I can protect you . That 's the problem . What 's this all about ? That alley back there ? That 's where you kill me . What ? In the future , you find me and you shoot me twice , right in the chest . What are you talking about ? Why would I do that ? Because what you are becoming is a killer . And I 'm trying really hard to make sure that future that I saw does not come true . And I don 't know if I can do it because everything that happens , everything , you 're still becoming this woman who ... Who what ? Who kills you ? Stop saying that . Claire , just go home . Please . No , it 's not gonna happen , and it 's all your fault . You should 've never come to Odessa to save me . You should 've never become my friend or my hero . And now I can 't leave you because I have a favor to return . ( LOUD CLANKING ) Run . Go . You want him , you 're gonna have to go through me . You can 't fight it , Claire . How do you know my name ? Because we didn 't come for Peter . We came for you . ( CLAIRE GRUNTING ) No . No . Get off of me ! No . No . Let me go . ( BOWLING PINS FALLING ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( GIRL GIGGLING ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) Superhero ? ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( BLOWS ) ( GROANS ) ( CHUCKLES ) ( GROANS ) ( SQUISHES ) ( CHUCKLES ) ( BLOWS ) I couldn 't find anyone . There 's no one here . I got to try and get inside her head , see if I can unlock what 's holding her . Is that safe ? Can you get hurt ? I don 't know . I 've only done it one other time with my dad . How 'd that work out ? What do you need me to do ? Just stay here and keep an eye on me , okay ? I might disappear for a while , in there . But I 'll be back . I 'll be okay . Just knowing that you 're here is gonna help . Matt ? Can you hear me ? Murderer ! ( GROANS ) A murderer ! ( ELLE CRYING ) I didn 't want to kill him . I didn 't want to kill any of them , you know that . You saved my life , remember , Elle ? You know the pain I feel over this , the urge . But I 'm not gonna let it control me , not anymore . ( SCREAMING ) I 'll kill you . I swear to God I will kill you . I swear to God I will kill you . ( GASPING ) I understand . You need to let it out . ( SCREAMING ) ( CRYING ) The anger , the betrayal , you can take it out on me . I can take it all . ( SCREAMING ) ( GABRIEL SCREAMING ) ( ELLE MOANING ) ( EXHALES ) Go ahead , kill me . Please . There was a wide spot up in the road , in the Berkshires . My father used to take my brother and me fishing there when we were kids . It was called Pinehearst . Nathan , are you sure you want to do this ? If he 's alive , maybe there 's a reason he hasn 't contacted you . I need to know the truth . Everything I 've ever done in my life has been because of my father . I went to law school to be like him , I married the girl he wanted me to , I ran for office because he couldn 't . If he 's alive , I 've got to see him . My God . Good to see you , too , Nathan . Come give your dad a hug . You must be Miss Strauss . I must be . Do you have any idea what you 've done to this family ? What you 've done to me ? Hindsight being 20-20 , I should 've told you sooner what your role was in all of this . My role ? Would you excuse us , please ? My son and I need to talk alone . Absolutely . Take a hard look at the last couple of weeks of your life , and you will see that role coming into focus . The assassination , Linderman , the Senate seat , all part of your destiny . That was all you . You were born with a talent , Nathan , the talent to lead a nation . This is the same crap Linderman spouted . I 'm not falling for it again . Because last time it was New York that was destroyed , and this time it 'll be the world , right ? Look around you , it 's already happening , and I 've got the formula that will stop it . You 're insane . I 'm not afraid to admit that you have always been my favorite son . The one most like me , the strong one . We can save the world together . This can be our legacy , Nathan , for the Petrelli name . I 'm offering you this chance as your father . ( GASPS ) ( PANTING ) Kill me . Take my power , that 's what you want . ( SOBBING ) Kill me and make the pain stop . I want to make it stop , but I 'm not gonna kill you . Please , just do it . I 'm sorry . I want to be a good person . You 're a monster like me . No . Your father made you this way , just like my mother made me . We were never good enough for them , Elle . You never meant to be this way . You wanted to be normal , you just didn 't know how . You saved my life once , Elle , gave me the will to live . Don 't you see ? I owe you . I only saved you so we could use you like a lab rat . You were just following orders . ( CRYING ) But I forgive you . Now you need to forgive yourself . ( EXHALES ) The pain , it 's gone . ( SHORT BREATH ) Oh , God . Oh , my God . ( LAUGHING ) CLAIRE : ( GRUNTING ) Let me go ! ( GRUNTS ) You 've got two choices , let her go or you die . You and what army ? Peter , what are you doing ? ( GAS HISSING ) I don 't need an army to kick your ass , Flint . I can do that all by myself . Don 't even need my powers . ( SNIFFING ) Stop . Gas . PETER : Claire , run ! No one 's ever done anything like that for me before . You forgave yourself , Elle . We 're all at war with ourselves , that 's what it means to be human . The trick is figuring out how to be on the winning side . ( SIGHING ) You want to try ? ( CHUCKLES ) Clearly , I don 't have it figured out yet . ( LAUGHS ) Let me show you a few tricks . You aim and go like this . That 's good . This time loosen up . You know , give it some attitude , some English . ( CHUCKLING ) That 's really good . Keep it up , you 'll be a gunslinger in no time . Thank you . It 's amazing . Thank you . ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( EXCLAIMS ) ( HIRO LAUGHING ) Hiro . ( SIGHS ) NATHAN : He wants to give half the planet superpowers so that we can save the world together , with me as president . And you believed him ? I don 't know what to believe . Nothing makes any sense . I thought the man was dead . I don 't even know what to do with my life now that he 's alive . Hold on a minute . You are a US senator . You 've got an entire constituency riding on you having a clear vision for what you believe in . Good luck with that . No , you need to listen to me . You 've got to snap the hell out of this . You have to get yourself together . Do you understand ? We should go back to Washington . We 'll get the Justice Department involved ... No . Let 's keep a lid on it . But people have to know . No . The last time I tried to tell anybody anything like this , my brother came back from the future and shot me . Twice . I 'm gonna go to Primatech . See what else my mother knows . You go to Washington , cover for me . I 'll be back in touch when I know what our next move is , okay ? ( DOOR OPENING ) ( DOOR CLOSING ) Let me guess . You want me to take away your power . No , I 'm actually getting used to it . I 'm here because I think that you and I can help each other . Can we , now ? And all I ask on my end is that you look out for me once the dust settles . See , I believe that you have a PR problem . I pride myself on knowing how the tides turn . I know how the world works , and for your plan to succeed , you need a public face . Now , normally , that would be you . Problem is the world thinks you 're dead . A thorny issue , I admit . But I think Nathan can be that face . The bad news , he 's on the fence . The good news , I can push him over . You scratch my back , and I will make sure he lands on the right side . ( HEART MONITOR BEEPING ) Matt ? Can you hear me ? Angela , you okay ? I 'm here to help you . I 'm gonna get you out of here . ANGELA : You shouldn 't have come . He 's too dangerous . Don 't you understand ? There 's no escape . Even if you get them off , Arthur 's locked all of the doors . These doors are open . I can get us out of here . Daphne , what are you doing here ? I 'm here to help you , Matt . ( SIGHS ) ( SCREAMS ) Daphne , don 't . ( GROANING ) No . Matt . No . No . You got to come back . ( GRUNTING ) Daphne , don 't . Matt ? Matt , wake up . Matt , wake up . Matt , you 've got to wake up . MATT : Daphne ! Wake up , Matt . Matt ? Matt , wake up . Bring me in there , Matt . Matt , you have to take me in there . ( EXHALES ) Matt , we got to go , now . Get away from me . I came to help you . ( GROANING ) You stabbed me . That wasn 't me . Don 't believe her , Matt . Take it from me . A woman will betray you at every turn . ( PANTING ) You 're lying . Really ? How do you think I knew where you were ? She told me . She betrayed you , Matt . Like Angela betrayed me . You told him ? I was afraid . I thought I had to . He said he 'd take it all away from me . What are you talking about ? I can 't go back to being the way that I was , Matt , but I couldn 't let you die , either . I 'm sorry . I just ... I didn 't know . Didn 't know what ? How much I care about you . Matt , you 're bleeding . I don 't know how Arthur 's doing it , but you 've got to wake up or you 're going to die . You can 't trust her , Matt . She lies . They all lie . Send her away . No . No , don 't . Matt , please . I made a mistake . I trusted the wrong people , but I can 't lose you . I love you . ANGELA : We were once like that , Arthur . Remember ? You loved me , and there 's a part of you that still does . So now you 're gonna let me go , you understand ? I said let me go , Arthur . ( HANDCUFFS CLICKING ) MATT : We gotta go . Fast . ( GASPS ) ( PANTING ) We did it . You were there . Was that really you ? Yeah , you brought me in . And those things that you said ... Yeah , that was me , too , and I meant every word of it . ( WEAKLY ) Detective Parkman . You okay ? I 'm gonna get a doctor . Parkman ? Peter . She can 't be trusted . You 're the one who can 't be trusted . You shot your own brother . CLAIRE : Matt , stop . Matt . You sent me off in the middle of nowhere . It wasn 't me . It wasn 't me . PETER : Matt , you 've got to believe me , I 'm telling the truth . Where 's Angela ? She 's awake . Test subject was injected with batch 38 at 06 : 34 hours . Heart rate rose to 164 beats per minute , sustained at that level for two hours . ( WHISPERING ) I am so sorry . ( WHISPERING ) Please kill me . Please . ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) 9th Wonders ! ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) Mom . Thank God you 're okay . Your father , he 's alive . I know . I talked to him today . He 's got the formula , both halves . They were supposed to be hidden away forever , but someone 's stolen them right out from underneath us . Peter and I have both seen the future and , trust me , it 's not one that any of you want to face . Make that three of us , and she 's right . Arthur 's probably figured out by now that there 's a third piece of the formula . It won 't work without it . What kind of piece ? It 's a catalyst . Hidden away in the blood of a human host . Kaito Nakamura was the only one who knew the identity of the host . And Kaito , as we know , is dead . So how do we find the host ? We don 't have to . We just have to make sure that he doesn 't . When Sylar attacked me , he saw something . He took off the top of my head . He said I was different from everyone else . Special . ( SCOFFS ) I didn 't understand what that meant until today . I think I 'm the catalyst . MOHINDER : It starts with light and ends with light , and in between there is darkness . Nothing there is beyond hope , nothing that can be sworn impossible , nothing left unimagined , since Zeus , father of the Olympians , made night from midday , hiding the light of the shining sun , and raining dark fear down upon men . It 's coming .
