 MOHINDER : Previously on Heroes . ( KAITO SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) I 'll take the catalyst and your powers , too , Hiro . ( SCREAMING ) It 's very important that we find our friend Hiro Nakamura . Look . See , this may not make any sense but we can 't find him unless we get that package . ANDO : I can 't believe it . Hiro is stuck back in time 16 years ago and no powers . The catalyst is within me . Place your hands on the vat and focus your energy . In theory , you should cause a chemical reaction at the molecular level . Sergeant , I want you to know exactly what it is you 've signed up for . This drug is gonna change your life in ways you can 't possibly imagine . Are you really my mother ? They 're not your parents . I 'm your father . No , you 're not . You 're not a killer , Peter . I am . ( BULLET WHOOSHES ) S YLAR : On the sixth day , God created man in his own image . Now it 's up to us to figure it all out . Right . Wrong . Good . Evil . In each of us is the capacity to decide what drives our actions . So what is it that makes some choose selflessness , the need to devote oneself to something greater , while others know only self interest , isolating themselves in a world of their own making ? Some seek only love , even if unrequited , while others are driven by fear and betrayal . There are those who see their choices as dark proof of God 's absence , while others follow a path of noble destiny . But in the end , good , evil , right or wrong , what we choose is never what we really need . For that is the ultimate cosmic joke , the real gift that God has left behind . ( DOOR OPENING ) Oh , Peter . You did it . I tried . It was Sylar . Sylar , huh ? There was no other way for this to end , Nathan . That formula has to be destroyed . It 's too late , Pete . There 's a dozen Marines being injected right now . The formula works . Look , I know that you think you 're doing something good here , but you 're not . Are you sure of that ? Following Dad 's insane plan ? No . I 'm gonna stop it . It 's not Dad 's plan anymore , Pete . It 's ours . What are you talking about ? The plan . It 's ours . All of us . Making the world a better place . Don 't tell me you 're gonna try and get in the way of that . ( SCOFFS ) ( GUN COCKING ) You sound just like him . I know . I can 't help but wonder how long it 's gonna be before it 's me lying here . Remember what happened the last time you had a gun in your hand ? I am gonna finish what he started . I 'm not gonna let you do that . Eventually , you 're gonna have to choose a side . Now , either you 're with me ... Pete ? I 'm sorry . But you 're wrong . The formula 's complete . Peter 's gonna need help at Pinehearst . It 's up to us to finish this . Oh , my God . ( DOORS SLAMMING ) S YLAR ON PA : Arthur Petrelli is dead . No need to go to Pinehearst now . CLAIRE : Sylar ? S YLAR : Don 't worry , Claire . Peter couldn 't do it , so I did . ( CHUCKLES ) Just like Mommy wanted . I know I repulse you , terrify you . You see me as a monster , and yet you did this to me . And before the night is over , I 'm gonna prove to you , one by one , that you 're all monsters exactly like me . MR. BENNET : I know where he has to be broadcasting from . Claire , you got six shots . Pump after each one . Keep Angela safe at all costs . S YLAR : Think about it . Manipulative grandmother , neglectful father , mother who abandons her own daughter . All villains , really . Meredith , you 're with me . ANGELA : You really don 't think you can stop Sylar . Yeah , I do . Sylar 's got my healing ability . There 's a spot back here . Jab something in , it cuts off my brain , shuts me down . S YLAR : And , Claire , you and I , we 're more alike than any of them . We can 't be damaged . I mean , except from a broken heart . And that 's what parents give us , isn 't it ? We 're nothing alike , you sick bastard . I 'm gonna enjoy proving to you just how wrong you are . S YLAR : You 're not hunting me , Noah . I 'm hunting you . ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ANDO : Hiro 's stuck in time . It 's up to me to rescue him . Hiro doesn 't even have his abilities . How much trouble can he get into ? Well , anything he does in the past could change the present . Like , if he died or ... What ? Mohinder ? Wow . He really cleaned this place up . Dr. Suresh ! Where is he ? You said he 'd be here . We could get the formula . No . I said I thought he 'd be here . The only way to save Hiro is for me to become a time traveler . You can only read minds . She can only run fast . Really , really fast . If Suresh isn 't here , he 's probably in his lab . At Pinehearst ? Too dangerous . Someone has to get him . No . ( GASPS ) She is really , really fast . Yeah . I 've run out of time . The infection has spread to my lungs . By giving myself abilities , I 've signed my own death certificate . My hope is that by injecting myself with the formula , it 'll be the cure . ( GASPING ) ( DOOR OPENING ) PETER : Suresh , put it down . It 's a weapon . I need to get rid of all of it . My life depends on this . ( GUN COCKING ) Do you remember when we first met and you tried to convince me that people with abilities actually existed ? And you didn 't believe me . Exactly . Once I saw for myself what it means to be special , powerful , I coveted what you had . So much so that I tried to recreate it . So was it worth it ? It 's turned you into a monster . That 's why I need this formula . This ... What did you do ? Where the hell is it ? It 's time for a little payback , Doc . You move , I burn your face off . Stop . Stop ! Hold up . You wanna trash this place , so do we . Why would you help me ? They make this formula stuff , and we ain 't so special no more . You look at who you 're allying yourself with , Peter . With your brother in charge , think of all the good we can do . Nathan 's not in charge anymore . MARINE : Sir . ( GRUNTING ) How many Marines have been injected ? Just me . When you didn 't return to the lab , Miss Strauss became concerned . Peter . He 's gonna ruin everything . He 's gotta be stopped . Consider it done , sir . I 'll bring him to you ... I 'm gonna wait until your brother 's gotten rid of all the formula . You 're working for Peter ? Yeah . He 's one of the good guys now . Hey , did you find Suresh ? Yeah . Took this right out of his hand . One dose . The formula . No , no . No , no , no . You guys realize how insane this is , right ? Look , just because you wanna be a time traveler does not mean that 's the ability you 're gonna get . Think about it . What if that thing makes you glow in the dark or grow a second head ? Matt . What ? You were always worried about what people thought about you , and now you can read minds . I wanted to run . Look what happened . Okay . But it also turned Suresh into a freak . Haven 't you ever had faith in something even though everyone else said not to ? Yeah . I have . ( GROANS ) ( GROANS ) ( CRACKLING ) ( GRUNTING ) ( PANTING ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( LAUGHS ) ( PANTING ) Hello ? ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) It 's dead . It doesn 't surprise you , does it ? He 's put us all on lockdown . You 're only giving him what he wants . A child starved for attention throws a temper tantrum . Well , I 'd like to give him a good spanking . ( PHONE RINGING ) There is a way to stop this , Claire . You wanna be a Company agent , hunt down bad guys , that means making hard choices just like your daddy . And let 's face it , you are just like your daddy . Okay , I will allow Dad , you and bio-mom to walk out of here right now alive to live happily ever after . All you 've gotta do is take your shotgun , hold it up to Angela 's head and pull the trigger . Oh ! Is she even worth protecting ? She wanted to blow up New York City , murdered her husband ... Okay , tried . And , most importantly , lied to me . Made me believe I had a mother and a family and then took it all away . But if you 're dead set on keeping her alive , you could always just give me Daddy . Why are you doing this ? You should ask your dad sometime about what he and Elle did to me . I could have been a nobody instead of the monster I became . And now Elle 's dead and very soon your father may be , too . It 's your choice or fault . All you gotta do is get rid of Angela . You hurt him , and I swear I 'll hunt you down and kill you . From cheerleader to stone-cold killer . Who 's the monster now ? ( GUN COCKING ) You are . ( BEEPING ) Are you crazy ? We need help . Yeah . But these guys , they wanna kill us as much as Sylar does . Hello , Meredith . I knew we 'd be together again . I just didn 't think it would be so soon . I 'll make this quick . Sylar 's in the building . One of you guys brings me his head , you get your freedom . And what 's to keep us from escaping the second you turn around ? Sylar . We 're all locked in here with him . Now get moving . They don 't stand a chance . Think about it , Meredith . What do you need to catch a shark ? They 're bait ? You do know that the formula is highly combustible . So what ? I can 't be burned . What about Peter ? Are you willing to sacrifice him as well ? These are your accomplices , Peter . Thugs ! Killers ! What does that make you ? ( GROANING ) You didn 't have to do that . Why ? Now this 'll go twice as fast . ( GASPING ) What happened ? Do I have abilities ? So far , all we know is that you can pass out really well . ( EXHALING ) Was it all for nothing ? Give it a try . Come on . I 'm the master of time and space . That 's good . ( EXHALING ) I am the master of time and space . I 'm the master of ... Do like Hiro does when he scrunches his eyes together . Right . Good idea . Yeah , but scrunch gently . You don 't wanna jump back to the Stone Age . Gentle . Yeah . Gentle scrunch . Maybe too gently . Kick it up a notch . ( GRUNTS ) ( EXHALING ) We 're never gonna save Hiro . What was that ? I don 't know , but that sure wasn 't time traveling . ( BANGING ) ( GASPING ) They say adrenaline can kick-start a dead heart . ( PANTING ) Meredith 's mine . Mine to love . ( GASPS ) Mine to kill . You really think you can control me ? ( SHALLOW BREATHING ) ( GUN COCKING ) ( GROANS ) ( GASPING ) One more thing to do . ( FIRE WHOOSHING ) What the hell ? What happened ? Get away ! ( EXCLAIMING ) I can 't control my fire . Did Sylar do this ? Yeah . He pumped me with adrenaline . I can 't hold it back . You gotta go . ( YELPS ) It 's bulletproof , remember , Noah ? At the rate she 's going , you 're gonna need that one bullet I left you . ( EXCLAIMS ) Shouldn 't be too hard for you . Hey , let me ask you one thing . When this is all over and Meredith 's dead with a bullet right between her eyes , what lie are you gonna tell Claire ? Your life or hers , Noah . You helped make me into who I am . I just wanted to return the favor . ( YELPS ) You know you 've backed the wrong horse . Everybody roots for Peter , but in the end he always winds up losing . Uh-huh . That 's why you 're up here and he 's down there winning . Define " winning . " All my brother ever does is disappoint the people who believe in him . You really hate the guy . Feel sorry for him , actually . Then why are you so afraid ? You worried he 's gonna stop you ? I 'm not afraid of anybody . Miss me ? DAPHNE : Hey ! Watch it , watch it . Could you stop doing that ? No , I can 't . Try . I can 't control it . Calm down ... ( VOICES CHATTERING ) ( VOICES STOP ) It 's okay . It 's okay . What happened ? It was like an explosion in my head . I could hear every thought from every person in the entire city . What did you do ... I didn 't do any ... Daphne ! ( MATT GROANING ) ANDO : Matt ! ( GROANING ) It 's okay . It 's over . What happened ? It was like an explosion in my head . I could hear every thought from every person in the entire city . What did you do ... I didn 't do any ... Daphne . Daphne ! Where 'd you just go ? I don 't know . I was out there , but I was watching myself in here . And you were there . And you were there and ... Matt , I think I traveled back in time . Back in time ? ( YELPS ) We have to save them . He only showed us that because he wants us to go down there . I don 't care . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) Come on . ( GRUNTING ) ( GRUNTING ) Where 's Angela ? Well , you wouldn 't pick before , so I had to up the stakes . Save Daddy ? Or is it Granny ? Let me go . Why are you even pretending ? We both know you 're going after your dad . Even after all the lies he 's told you , how he 's neglected you . What does that say about you , Claire ? That 's the thing about the truth , Claire . It stings like a bitch . ( GROANING ) Dad ! Go to the keypad . Punch in 29297 . ( SIGHING ) Sylar ripped it out . There 's gotta be another way . I don 't know how much longer I can hold on , Noah . All right , Meredith , I need you to take as much heat as you can in your hands , press your palms to the glass . MR. BENNET : Okay , good . Now , back away from the glass . Claire , you do the same , move back . Oh , God ! It didn 't work . Stay back , both of you . Claire . Come with me . Just give me a minute . Go now . Stop Sylar . I 'm coming back for you . I gotta get you out of here . We gotta stop Peter before he ruins everything . Nathan . This situation is still deniable . Deniable ? Are you kidding me ? I can spin anything . But this is a disaster that you cannot be associated with . Look , the document with the formula is all we need . We find it , we can start over . New game . Our rules . I can 't run away , Tracy . It 's not running away . I 'm being a realist . That 's why you hired me . Then you 're fired . I don 't understand . How can I travel through time ? Because he zapped me , and I was able to hear thoughts a thousand times louder , right ? And then you zapped Daphne , and she could travel a thousand times faster . Your power is like a supercharger . Wait , going faster wouldn 't mean I can time travel , I mean , would it ? According to Einstein , yeah . The space-time continuum . Theory of relativity . If you can travel faster than the speed of light , then you can actually move through time . How do you know so much about Einstein , Einstein ? I actually paid attention in high school , mostly . So , if I can supercharge other people 's powers , that means I have an ability . Yes ! ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) You keep zapping me with supercharge and I keep running , maybe we can go back 16 years . Okay , no . Wait , wait , wait . Come on . What if you can 't control your speed ? Or you end up in the Dark Ages ? What if this guy runs out of juice ? We 'll be back before you know it . ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( GRUNTS ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( HIRO SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( GRUNTING ) You found him . Yeah , it worked . ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) The formula must be destroyed . And I know where it is . I 'm the one who stole it for Arthur Petrelli , remember ? Nemesis , you have a chance to make up for your past and for me to make up mine . Take me to it , please . He 's right . Go . Go . Be the good guy ... Gal . Back in a flash . Stop . We have come for the formula . It doesn 't belong to you . And you are ... Hiro Nakamura . It is my sacred duty to see that it is destroyed . Sorry , I 've got plans for this little piece of paper , Pikachu . Pikachu ? Excuse me . ( GROANS ) Time to go . Hey , give me a hand with this . Ready . ( BOTH GRUNTING ) ( COUGHING ) That 's the last of it . Finally . Now we can blow this place to hell . No , wait . Wait ! We gotta get the people out . My brother 's still here . I don 't give a rat 's ass about your brother or you . ( GRUNTS ) ( GRUNTS ) You broke my heart , Peter . Stop . Son of a bitch . PETER : No , Nathan , don 't ... ( GRUNTING ) ( FLINT GRUNTS ) So , you killed Arthur . I certainly did . Then you saved the world . I was right about you all along . You are a hero . I don 't think so . You 're wrong . I always wanted this for you . I dreamed about it . And now that Arthur is dead , there 's no one to hold you back , no one to take advantage of you . Except you . Gabriel , I cared for you . I gave you love , I gave you guidance , everything a mother ... ( SYLAR GRUNTING ) You are not my mother . Are you ? And I can tell if you 're lying . No , I 'm not . For a brief moment , I wished you were . Why did you do it ? I told you . My sons have been such a disappointment to me , and I wanted another chance , a chance to give the love that only a mother can . That 's a lie . ( CHOKING ) I told you I could tell . I wanted you to work for the Company . You had a skill that I needed . You saw me as a hero ? No . As a killer , a monster . ( SIGHING ) You were flawed , weak , malleable , someone I could manipulate because that 's what I do , because you 're right , I 'm a monster , too . ( GROANING ) Is there any good in this world ? Tell me something . Anything . Just make me believe that you 're not the same as me . ( GASPING ) I know who your real parents are . ( EXHALES ) You 're telling the truth . You 're not the son of a watchmaker and a woman who collected snow globes . Who am I then ? If you kill me , you will never find out . ( GASPING ) Tell me . Tell me . I want the truth ! ( GRUNTS ) ( BEEPING ) Claire . We need to leave . Now . Get Angela out of here . Mom ! Claire ! No . No . What are you doing here ? I told you I 'd come back for you . Come on . Claire , okay , let 's go . This whole building is gonna come down in flames . We 'll be buried alive . Come on . No , I can save you . No , get away . ( GROANS ) We have to get out of here . You gotta go . I love you , Mom . Go ! ( CRYING ) Oh , God . Go . ( SCREAMING ) ( BOTH GRUNTING ) You flew ! That wasn 't me , that was you ! You took the formula . I had to . Everything you 're against . I had no other choice . Why 'd you save me ? Why 'd you do it ? ( PANTING ) Because you 're my brother and I love you . It 's not what I would 've done . Nathan . Nathan ! ( WHOOSHING ) MOHINDER : There is good and there is evil , right and wrong , heroes and villains . And if we 're blessed with wisdom , then there are glimpses between the cracks of each where light streams through . We wait in silence for these times when sense can be made , when meaningless existence comes into focus and our purpose presents itself . And if we have the strength to be honest , then what we find there staring back at us is our own reflection , bearing witness to the duality of life . That each one of us is capable of both the dark and the light , of good and evil , of either , of all . And destiny , while marching ever in our direction , can be rerouted by the choices we make , by the love we hold on to and the promises we keep . I think our only real option at this point is to get the Unites States Government involved . And you 're saying all of these people have abilities . Them and more . A lot more . The important thing to remember is how dangerous these people can become if left unchecked . I had a solution . It proved unsuccessful . It 's all there . All the evidence you need . What exactly is it that you 're asking to do ? I want to round them up and put them in a facility where they won 't be a danger to anyone . All right , Senator . Let 's get you whatever you need . Thank you , Mr. President .
