 MOHINDER : Previously on Heroes . PETER : Our lives as we knew them are over . Now , to survive this thing , we gotta go totally off the grid . Where did you get these ? MOHINDER : Matt . He drew them right after the crash . He has Isaac 's gift . HIRO : Is this India ? MATT : You 're right . It is my destiny to go there . You 're going back to Costa Verde , young lady . So I get a pass , and everyone I know just disappears . TRAC Y : Nathan , it 's me . I want my old life back . I give you Peter , my part in this gets written off as " never happened . " You can trust me , Tracy . You said you were alone . I know . How many times are we gonna do this ? ( WHOOSHING ) What did we ever do to you ? Nothing . Wrong place , wrong time . ( GRUNTING ) ( SCREAMING ) SYLAR : You just killed the one shot I had at finding my old man . I know where he is . Your mom have a car ? Not anymore . ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) It is so nice to have everyone under the same roof again . Noah , I hope this new job will keep you home for a while . Absolutely . What does a consultant do , exactly ? ( CELL PHONE VIBRATING ) Well , it 's complicated . Mostly , I meet with various business and government people . They explain their overall strategies and objectives and I consult . Honey , do you have to do that at the table ? Sorry . So , I have yet to hear word one about your trip . Claire ? Nothing much to tell . You visited five of the best colleges on the East Coast and you have nothing to tell ? Which ones did you like , Noah ? Brown . I liked Brown . Claire . Come back here . I think all this Ivy League talk might be a little intimidating . Maybe community college would be a better fit for now . I 'll go talk to her . ( DOOR SLAMMING ) What the hell was that ? I can 't lie to her anymore . Your new job , our father-daughter college tour ... We can 't risk her knowing anything right now . The last time she knew , she almost got herself killed . Your mom and Lyle are safer this way . Dad , you 've been telling me that since I was 15 . They 're not just watching you , Claire , they 're watching me . You brought a plane down out of the sky , Federal agents are dead , and a lot of people want to see you pay . If either one of us strays from the script , I won 't be able to stop them . There won 't be any paper trail , no trial . One day , you 'll just be gone , and nobody can find you . And now 's the part where you tell me how everything you do , you do to protect me . No , now is the part when I tell you exactly what you 're going to do next . Start classes at Costa Verde Community . You 're already enrolled . History , English Lit . , Spanish . And come Monday morning , you better be parked in that front row with a sharp number 2 pencil , or there is going to be hell to pay . ( DOOR CLOSING ) ( CELL PHONE VIBRATING ) Wires are up , accounts are frozen , we have traffic cam feeds from all 50 states . The Patriot Act gives us a lot of leeway here . What 's our status on the Bennet girl ? Eyes only . We look , but we don 't touch . Senator Petrelli has granted Miss Bennet a probation for now . Should the terms of that arrangement be compromised , I will certainly bring it to his attention , assuming he finishes his latte and decides to show up for work . Double espresso . And Claire Bennet is still off-limits . Now , I know a lot of you lost friends in this crash . You want payback , I understand that , but not all of these individuals out there are dangerous . Some of them are just plain scared . And now that they know they 're being pursued , they 're going to be even that much harder to catch , which is why I put in a request to the White House this morning to double our funding . We need to show progress . These are our targets , know them . Hunt them , track them , and bring them home alive . ( ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO ) This is so cool . Road trip . My mom never took me anywhere . Ooh , we should stop at some skanky diner somewhere and get some pie and some milkshakes . We 're not stopping . Sure ? It 's a long way till we get to your dad . Where is he ? I told you , just keep heading west . ( TIRES SQUEALING ) ( MUSIC STOPS ) Yeah , you told me to keep heading west . Now I want to know exactly where he is . Okay . He told me that if he ever had to disappear , I could find him in Minnesota . He 's got a cabin in the woods , about 28 miles west of ... You 're lying . It 's amazing how you can do that . Tell me where he is . Okay . He has an ex-wife who 's a flight attendant , she lives in Des Moines . They had a kid that was born with some sort of weird bone disorder ... Stop ! I can tell when people are lying because I saw open their skulls and rip their abilities out from their brains . ( EXCLAIMS ) So you 're like a serial killer ? ( EXHALES ) I 'm not a serial killer . Well , you 've got a pattern , you go after specific victims , you collect mementos ... Okay , technically , I 'm a serial killer . Now that we 've established that , give me one good reason why I shouldn 't tear open your head right here . Because you 'll never find your dad . This is not a road trip . Do you understand ? ( ENGINE STARTING ) ( MUSIC RESUMES ) AGENT : Sir . ( BEEPING ) ( ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ) Are you Alex ? You 're a girl . Yeah , I am . It 's just , we don 't normally get a lot of girls in here , you know ? Listen , I 'm just here to deliver a message . ( WHISPERING ) You 're in danger . You need to get out of here immediately . Victor . What ? Oh , come on , a hot blonde in a comic book store ? Please . Victor sent you , right ? This is payback for the whole birthday thing , right ? ( WHISPERING ) Wait , let me guess . Wait , wait . Is this all going to end with you giving me , like , a lap dance or something ? No ! You have to listen to me , all right ? This is not a joke . There are people out there who are after you . They will come in here and take you away . Yeah ! In here ? Oh , come on , you 're gonna have to do a better job convincing me . ( SIGHING ) Your life is in danger . ( DOOR OPENING ) ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) Move . Now ! Move . Now ! ( WHISPERING ) You wanna tell me what the hell is going on ? ( WHISPERING ) There 's a man in here , he 's looking for you and he 's very , very dangerous . Do you have your car here ? Yeah , yeah , but it 's out back . Alex working today ? Alex Woolsley . I 'm from the County Clerk 's office . I 'm afraid we have a situation with some outstanding parking violations . Would you rather just go talk outside ? ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) Sorry . This isn 't a really good time . Is it important ? Look , Dad , I just ... I was thinking about what happened this morning and I just don 't want it to ... Sweetheart , I 'm gonna have to call you back . ( GROANING ) That one . We 're gonna need a team down here . Come on , come on , come on . ( TIRES SQUEALING ) ( HIRO SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SIGHING ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) Hello . Hi , my name is Ando . I 'm sorry . Annapoora . Annapoora . Your name is familiar . Are you a guest of the groom ? ( CHUCKLING ) No , not exactly . Are you okay ? Just a little sad , that 's all . On your wedding day ? But this is supposed to be the happiest day of your life , isn 't it ? Yes , that 's what they say . Then you must call off the wedding . This is incredible . I 've been feeling so lost and confused . I 've asked the heavens for a sign telling me whether I should marry or not . A sign ... Yes , a sign . ( EXHALES ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( EXCLAIMING HAPPILY ) You are the sign . You 're the one I 've been waiting for . Sign ? No , no , no ! It 's not him , it 's me . I 'm the sign . That 's it . The wedding is off ! Do we have any response from the White House ? Nothing yet . So these are the bad guys . Abby Collins . Homeland Security . Nathan Petrelli . Nice to meet you . The White House has transferred oversight of your operations to DHS . I 'm here to kick the tires and find out what it is we bought . Just what we need , another bureaucrat . Can I give you a tour ? I don 't know how fully briefed you are on what 's happened here , but the last few days have made it clear that Eagle Rock Prison is woefully inadequate for our needs . The reason I 've asked for such a large funding increase is to reinforce the facility so I can deal with these prisoners . Right , because they 're all magic . You don 't believe any of this , do you ? Who put you on this assignment , exactly ? People close to the President are concerned about his exposure on this . Time travelers ? Mind readers ? We are dealing with a threat the likes of which this country has never seen before . We need better containment . I can barely handle the one detainee ... Are you telling me that you 're keeping a prisoner here without warrant or Miranda rights ? I 'm going to need to speak with the President directly . Yeah , well , that 's not going to happen . I 'm your new boss , and I want to see your prisoner now . This is what I 'm talking about . A place like this , the worse the food , the better . Luke . You really gotta stop trying to be my friend or I 'm going to have to kill you . ( CHUCKLES ) Do you like birds ? What ? Well , no , I 'm just wondering if it 's genetic because your daddy is way into birding . I went with him sometimes . He 'd come get me up about 4 : 00 a.m. , and we 'd be out walking a trail by dawn . We 'd see goldfinch , cormorants , woodcocks . He would be pulling this old , rusty wagon behind him , carrying all his bird books . Red wagon . Yeah , it had these big rubber wheels ... He used to pull me in that wagon . I remember laying in a red wagon , all wrapped up in blankets . It was still dark , and the silhouettes of the tree branches ... I remember thinking they looked like snake fingers . He sold you for money , you know . He told me once he had a little boy a long time ago , but he needed cash , so he sold him . What kind of man sells his own son ? Why would he even tell you something like that ? Maybe I reminded him of you . Oh , my God . I know . It looks harsh . We tried insulated gloves , but she shattered right through them . The constant heat is to ensure ... Abby ? This is Tracy Strauss . You know her ? She used to lobby for a defense contractor . Abby , they won 't let me out of here . You have to do something . What is this insanity ? This woman is extremely dangerous . Abby , he 's lying . You know me . This woman is Tracy Strauss , and you have her shackled to a chair . That 's why we need better funding . Funding ? I am shutting this operation down today , and then I 'm going to the AG 's office and I 'm filing human rights violations against you , Senator . This is torture . You 're through . Abby ? Abby ! I can 't believe it . They 're just locking people up ? Believe it , it 's happening . Somebody sent me to warn you . You must be on a list or something . List ? Why is he after me ? Do you have a power ? Like a special ability or something ? I can breathe underwater . You mean like ... Like a fish , yeah . I was on the swim team in high school . One day , I noticed I just didn 't have to come up for air anymore . Never told anyone . I didn 't know there were others . You 'd think I 'd be proud of it or something , but instead I just ... I feel like a ... Like a freak ? ( CHUCKLES ) Look , don 't go home . Don 't use your credit cards or your cell phone . If he can find you at work , he can find you anywhere . So what am I going to do ? I don 't know . We 'll figure something out . What ? That car that drove past , second time it went by . Is this car registered under your name ? Get out . Car 's still warm . Believe me now ? Let 's go . The house specialties , rasmalai , kheer , halwa and jamun . ANDO : So this is your place ? With Shaila , yes . We opened two years ago . Against my grandfather 's wishes . Your grandfather ? He believes in tradition . Thinks women should be at home , raising the children . That 's why he arranged my marriage to Deepak . But you don 't love Deepak . He is a powerful and dangerous man , above the law . My grandfather was too frightened to deny his request to marry . You must be hungry , my hero . Let me bring you more . ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING hindi ) ( DEEPAK SPEAKING hindi ) Deepak . The groom . ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING hindi ) ( SPEAKING hindi ) Excuse me ! Is everything okay in here ? Who the hell is this ? Ando . He is my friend . I see . So you canceled the wedding because of him ? Well , no , no , sir , you 're mistaken . I am just a guest . Sir ? No ! Calm down , sir . Sir ! No ! ( CRASHING ) ( ALL SHOUTING ) Ando ? Deepak hit him with this . Ando collapsed . And then ? Deepak carried him off ! Ando ? We found his car . He abandoned it about half a mile away . For a local kid , he 's pretty good at this . If you 're telling me it doesn 't smell right , I noticed . Do you know your daughter 's car is parked a half block south of your location ? Yeah , I saw that . She mentioned she had some errands to run . It 's a small town . We 'll talk . ( BLOWING BUBBLES ) ( SIGHS ) At least tell me how long this is going to last . Are we driving for another hour ? Another week ? Hey , check out ZZ Top . ( EXCLAIMS ) ( GLASS SHATTERS ) MAN : God ! Stop it ! I 'm just messing with him . Not here . We don 't need the attention . Our powers are not for amusement , Luke , do you understand that ? I don 't know . I 've never really talked to anyone about it before . My mom thinks I 'm enough of a freak as is . So , what ? You only use your powers for a reason ? Usually . Sometimes , I disappoint myself . Always have an objective . Know your endgame before you lift a hand . What else ? Keep a clear head . Emotions make you sloppy . The most important thing is that you understand your motivation . Always know what it is that you want . What is it that you want ? For me , um ... It 's mostly been about acquiring abilities . But lately ... Lately , all I want to find is my father . I want to meet the man who made me , look him in the eyes . What are you hoping to see in there ? Where I came from , I guess . Why I turned out the way I did . I 'm just thinking he 'll have some answers , that 's all . ( SIGHING ) This is the address . It 's a two-day drive . You shouldn 't have done that . Now there 's nothing to keep me from killing you , is there ? Well , I guess I 'm just hoping that you won 't . ( DOOR OPENING ) Emergency exit . Walk . Don 't run . What ? Move . There 's only two , we can take them . SYLAR : They 're the scouts . ( WOMEN SCREAMING ) Got you . Right on the sweet spot . Everyone on the floor . Now ! Please don 't let him hurt me anymore . Don 't let him hurt me anymore . Please ! Please , just don 't let him hurt me anymore . I want to go back to my mom . Please ! I just ... I want to go back ... Stand back ! ( SCREAMS ) ( PEOPLE SHOUTING ) That was freaking awesome ! Hey , Sylar ! Sylar ! Thanks for the address . What ? Wait , Sylar . Stop , stop . ( TIRES SQUEALING ) Sylar . ( GUNSHOTS ) AGENT : I 'll follow him . Stay on the kid . ( FIRES ) Deepak will let Ando go if I honor my commitment to marry . And if you don 't ? I must prepare for the wedding . ( CHANTING PRAYERS IN SANSKRIT ) Stop ! This wedding cannot go on . Annapoora cannot get married to this man . She 's being forced into this against her will . You are making a mistake . You have kidnapped my friend . I want him back ! He 's being held hostage . It is not I who broke our agreement . She does not want to marry you . ( SPEAKING hindi ) All my life , I have tried to please you , Grandfather . But if I marry Deepak , I will be giving up everything that matters most to me . Perhaps a traditional marriage is not my destiny . ( SPEAKING hindi ) We had a deal . The woman and the bakery belong to me . ( GROANING ) ( PEOPLE EXCLAIMING ) You leave her alone . ( PEOPLE EXCLAIMING ) Give me back my friend . That 's it ! The wedding is off ! You 're too much trouble , I don 't want to marry you . And you can have your lousy friend back . This is it . The moment in the drawing . This is me , being the hero ! ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( CAR BEEPING ) So , how was your day ? Dad . You want to tell me what the hell you 're doing here . I was just applying for a job at the coffee house . Stop it , Claire . What ? They posted a help wanted online . I know you 're lying . Well , I did learn from the master . You think you 're invincible , but you 're not . Just because you can 't be injured doesn 't mean you can 't be caught . Do you have any idea what happens if they think I can 't control you anymore ? That 's the thing , Dad , you can 't . ( ENGINE STARTING ) ( SIGHING ) Reports are in from the diner . They brought down the kid , Luke Campbell . Sylar ? DHS is trying to take us down , and all we have is a 17-year-old boy . From the Office of the Secretary . You are hereby notified to cease and desist this operation in its entirety . Abby , don 't do this . Give me five minutes . Let me change your mind . Just suspend your disbelief for a second and imagine that these people exist , people who possess powers . It still wouldn 't justify torture . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) ( GRUNTING ) I 'm talking about people who could slice your head open with their finger . Make you think what they want you to think , get inside your head . This is your argument ? That these people are so dangerous that they have no constitutional rights ? ( GRUNTING ) There is no justification for treating people this way . And American citizens , no less ! You can 't pull the plug on a war when you haven 't even been to the front lines . ( ALARM BEEPING ) AGENT : Guards ! Over here . Excuse me . Tracy . ( BEEPING STOPS ) ( SCREAMS ) ( GASPS ) ( GASPS ) AGENT : Fire . ( CRACKLING ) I 'm really sorry you had to witness that today . I know how upsetting that must have been . It 's definitely something I won 't soon forget . I wouldn 't be doing any of this unless I believed in the bottom of my heart that these people are just too dangerous to be among us . Don 't worry . You 'll have all the funding you need . Don 't fill up . Your dad 's bringing home takeout from that new Indian place . Sounds good . I didn 't mean to pry this morning . Sounds like your trip was a little ... I don 't know what , disappointing ? Did you guys have any fun at all ? Take in a Broadway show ? Dad was a little busy . Abducting innocent people . He 's not been honest with you , Mom . He 's not a consultant . He 's working for a secret program , imprisoning people with powers . The Company ? No . No , the Company is gone . This is something else . Honey , are you sure ? I mean , maybe he was ... I was there . I saw it . They were loading prisoners onto a transport plane . They had them all hooded , they were drugged . It was horrible . Oh , my God . It 's starting all over again . No , this is worse . They 're taking everyone . Not just dangerous people , anyone with an ability . Matt Parkman , Dr. Suresh , Peter ... I 'm sorry . I just can 't lie to you anymore . ( DOOR OPENING ) Indian food ? Go on upstairs , honey . MR. BENNET : What 's going on ? Noah , I can 't take it anymore , I just can 't . What are you talking about ? I know what you 're doing . What 's happened ? Hunting people ... You don 't know what I 've been doing . Don 't lie to me , Noah . You have no idea ... I really wanted to believe ... ... how big this thing is . ... that you could change . That you could be someone different from who you really are . Do you have any idea how difficult this is ? Maybe I don 't have a choice . There is always a choice ! The government is putting together a list of people they are rounding up , and they have made it very clear to me that if I am not on board , that Claire will be on that list ! ( SHOUTING ) Don 't make this about Claire . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) ( DOOR CLOSING ) ( WHISPERING ) Tracy , I don 't know how you did it . But you 'd better get used to the heat because you are never getting out of here again . We both know what you did . What are you talking about ? Broken chain , unlocked door ... You wanted me to escape . You know what ? Next time I will . ( CHATTERING ON POLICE RADIO ) ( BEEPING ) ( AGENTS SCREAMING ) ( AGENTS SCREAMING ON RADIO ) Hey , something 's wrong . ( THUDDING ON RADIO ) Team leader , this is ... ( BANGING ON RADIO ) Team leader , this is Central . Please respond . Team leader , this is Central . Do you copy ? Repeat , Do you copy ? This is Central Command . Go to Channel B. Please respond . Do you copy ? Team leader , this is Central . Please respond . Hiro . ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) ( SPEAKING JAPANESE ) I finally figured out why your names are so familiar . A fax came in addressed to Hiro and Ando . See ? It 's from someone named Rebel . Who ? Just an address in Los Angeles and the words " Save Matt Parkman . " It 's a message from destiny . So you straightened it all out with Mom , and now you 're off to a new assignment ? No . No . Your mother wants me to move out of the house for a while . She 's right . We keep too many secrets in this family . So I 'm going to try to be a better person , better husband , better father , and not tell lies . And if we all work really hard to be honest with each other , then maybe we can heal these wounds . But I 'll be around . We 'll get through this . I love you , Claire-bear . I 'll see you . Thanks for coming back for me . I didn 't come back for you . I came back for this . You just happened to be there . Mmm-hmm . They 've tracked me twice in less than a week . I knew if I kept driving , it was only a matter of time before they caught up to me again . I needed to understand how they work . Still , you could have just left me . ( ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO ) ( SINGING ) Psycho killer ( CHUCKLES ) Qu 'est-ce que c 'est ? Fa-fa-far better ... Mark Leggett . Excuse me ? The analyst who died in the hall today , that was his name , Mark Leggett . I thought you 'd want to know . He left a wife and two kids . You let her out , didn 't you ? You murdered an innocent man . There are times in a war when someone has to fall on a grenade . He didn 't fall , you threw him . I saved your ass . This entire project was about to be flushed , and I helped us both out , Petrelli . It needed to be done . I 'm sorry that a man had to die . Why don 't you go apologize to his blood stain ? It 's still warm . ( SOFT ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ) Staying here at the hotel ? Just for a little while . I 'm actually looking for an apartment in town , if you know of anything . Mmm-mmm . Welcome to Costa Verde . ( SNICKERS ) ( MUSIC DISTORTED ) Well , it looks like our friend here had about three too many . Don 't worry . We 'll get him home safe .
