 Rikka Studios hf-network fansub division presents The archives we know of as history ended at some point . Before we knew it , humans were living in this world . ( Restoration complete ) Good . Finished already ? Yeah . It 's a visual record , after all . Got it . I 'll get the next one ready . The atmosphere is clear , and there are lot 's of greenery . It 's a record from the surface layer , around 2000 A.D. The location ... Who cares about the location ? Ura , I 'm always telling you ... Yeah , I know . " Why bother doing extra analysis . " Got it . Send me the next one . " Transferring to Analysis Department " " Population Explosion " Next , I 'm sending two together . There 's a lot of code . I 'll try opening them . What happened ? Strange , it 's an image record with audio . I think can restore it . So , until tomorrow . I 'm disconnecting the book . Until tomorrow . Wreckage of archives lying dormant all over the world . Contained within them , rare fragments of the former world . Binary code that can be restored . That 's why I was excavating archives . Because it 's the only way to understand the past . " Archive Excavation Department # 092 " " Work Day Finished " Go punch your timecard at the end of the day . I 'll go back if there 's work to do in the analysis division . Hey , Riko , why are you always lying there ... Everybody 's left . Why are you so obsessed with the Excavation Department ? Because of the archives . Otherwise I 'd never come up to this level . The Excavation Department is the only thing left up here . Eventually the department will move down , too . They say more Excavation Departments will be closed off . There 's work for you to do tomorrow . You found something again ? Today I sent a record . This time a record of the surface layer when the sunlight wasn 't cut off . Green ... Through the excavated archives ... people got to understand this reality . The world in the beginning . The artificial world formed , covering its surface . Humans living in the gap . Environmental maintenance equipment in the bottom layer . That 's where it is possible to live . Below the bottom layer , there 's an area called the Sea . According to the excavated archives , humans came from the Sea . And so that means lots of people are eking out a living in the bottom layer . " Transferring to Analysis Department " Take a look at the record I just sent you . What 's it this time ? The green world again ? Or human history ? That 's what I want to know . What 's this a record of ? What 's this about ? Well ... You should have brought me the fully restored version . I got this far with simple restoration . The thing I 'm curious about is is this . A book ? It isn 't , right ? It 's probably a book . But doesn 't it look strange ? Originally books were archives where text and images were physically imprinted on material . Like this . Of course , you could only record once and there were no communications with other books . But it was a medium for passing on archives , just as they are now . So this is an archive storage facility ? Looking at records , putting them in a database . And then ... Why are you so obsessed with the Excavation Department ? Aren 't you interested in knowing ? Where are you going ? Haven 't you had enough ? They say long ago , a lot more people worked here . There were people everywhere . Whenever a new record was excavated , everyone was so excited . I 'm still excited about it . " Ocean " " Sky " " Pale " " Cocoon " " I won 't forget you . " How 's the restoration coming along ? It 's strange . The image fragments are without context . Same with the words spoken by the girl . Restoration is almost complete , but analysis might be tough . But that 's not my job . Today no one showed up for work in the analysis division again . Riko is still absent without permission ? Seems she wants to quit the Excavation Department . Dunno . I haven 't seen her in a while . Long ago , she said people have things they want to stay the same thus they leave records . All the things in the archives we 've excavated until now ... none of it exists anymore , right ? I 'm quitting this job . Ura , have you ever thought that maybe the archives are all lies ? But they 've all been confirmed as fact . Ura , I often wish they were lies . " Environment " " Degeneration " My grandma said when she was little , people lived higher up . The environment maintenance equipment reached the levels up above . But I heard eventually people couldn 't live there , so they came down here Did you know some people continued living up there ? My grandma was one of them . The world in the archives . A world where the environment maintenance equipment wasn 't needed . And people who didnt want to accept their own reality What 's up there ? Then she fell down from above . She collapsed here . They said her insides were all messed up . Even though you can 't live where the environment maintenance equipment doesn 't reach . Maybe if we researched the archives more ... ? Is digging up archives going to change this world ? We can understand . It was better not to understand the green world too and that humans destroyed that world . I don 't want to lose anymore hope in reality . The archives shouldn 't have been dug up in the first place . No one wants to see more of human stupidity . Don 't you get it ? I got it . Even I understood . It 's something everyone understands . " Population growth is steadily degrading the environment . " " If nothing is done , major change in the earth 's environment is unavoidable . " So what about me ? Maybe I just wanted to immerse myself in archives to avoid this reality , nothing more than the ruins of a gigantic artificial concentration camp . But back then , I wanted even a tiny bit of the world in the archives to remain somewhere in this reality . What was she looking at ? ( Restoration Complete ) After the woods have slept , morning Smoke leaves a trail in the sky Intersecting with the horizon Creating a silver cross Following a long sleep , morning The moon 's waiting has ended . It waxes and then wanes In the stead of a prayer , it presents a cradle That is the last angel The remaining horn Pale cocoon that cannot hatch Even if I lose my smile After the stars have slept , morning At the least , tomorrow 's cloudy sky During the time when there was God Wet and glistening garden strawberries Promising a day when at last we shall meet I won 't forget you This is " sky " ... When I 'm here , I often wonder why people long ago left behind archives . So what are you doing now ? There are things you want to stay the same . OK , recording now ! ( Restoration Complete ) Hello to everyone watching this program on earth . This is Yoko . I arrived here a week ago . It 's a residential area in " Sea of Tranquility " . It 's the first colony built on the moon . And it 's close to the harbor . Places with the gravity maintenance equipment are like earth . It 's a lot more comfortable than I 'd expected . But looking up at the sky there 's the rust colored earth . Wait ! I know it 's tough for everyone waiting for a place on the immigration ships . Let us pray together , that some day , the mother star will wake from her long sleep , for dawn to come again and for the people there . Yoko and the " Pale Cocoon " . Rusted earth ... Blue ... First edition script Edited 25 January 2006 hf-network fansub division
