 Is it true ? And how was your evening ? They cannot do this ! It 's beyond unfair . It 's already done . Ignorant bastards . - Language , Helen . - You brought the Royal College out of the Dark Ages . Sanitation reforms , treatments for smallpox , cholera . Those were all your incentives . You can 't be surprised . They 've been trying to rescind my membership for a decade now . It only took this long because they lack imagination . What is it ? Like father , like daughter I suppose . - Helen , I 'm so sorry . - I had the highest possible marks in the entrance exam , and yet they 've rejected me again . You already know more than the doctors who wrote the exam . I cannot legally practise medicine anywhere without a degree from the London School . There 's not a hospital or clinic in Europe that would hire me . This is my third rejection . I can 't take the exam again . Because you 're a Magnus . I do not accept this , Father ! I will not settle for a life of mediocrity and subjugation ! I want more . Teach me . My ... private research is ... unorthodox , Helen . It is not to be entered into lightly . Nor with anger . You are the most talented medical reasearcher I have ever known . And yet you keep your most important work hidden from the world , from me . If you truly believe that I have potential , Father , please , help me achieve it . Once you enter this door you are on a path that cannot be reversed . The Projet-SG Team presents : Sanctuary Webisode 06 v. 1.0 Timing : Golgi , Linwelin . Transcript : Egwene , Linwelin , Seiyatheleaper . Edition : Golgi , Linwelin . Proofreading : Golgi , Egwene , Linwelin . It 's as though this is all a dream and when we wake up everything will be the same as it was before . Why is nothing familiar to us ? This building , these clothes , and these rooms are all warm without fire , the light is unchanging with the day . It 's a lot to digest , Caird . I see myself in the mirror and I recognize my face . I know Tatha and Danu but the person I thought I was ... You 're telling me there is no village , no sickness . The little I can remember is false . How can we all not feel completely lost ? Danu has told us that you insist there were no magics involved , that what we suffer is simply a malady . It 's more of an emotional shield . We found you in a crypt surrounded by monsters , it 's normal for the human psyche to put itself in a safe mode . We want to accept your diagnosis , Doctor . And we are grateful for all that you 've done . - It 's just ... - Still not buying it . The clinical term is Schizo-affective Disorder , it 's a delusional state stemming from acute post traumatic stress . People have awoken from comas thinking that they were ... royalty , that they were aliens from another planet , even people with super powers . But we are all three suffering from the same disorder , - how is that possible ? - Delusional behaviour occuring virally in groups is rare , but it 's not undocumented , particularly amongst siblings . Look , let me put it this way . If you really were 1200 years old , then there 's no way I would understand anything you 're saying right now . How do you explain that ? There is no logical or physical way that your memories can be real , the sooner you accept that , the sooner we can continue to make progress . Because the truth will out eventually . It always does . Excellent timing , I 'm starved . - They raise my hackles . - In a good way ? You know there is no good way . - Progress ? - Nothing concrete . Base physiology is essentially human . The DNA scans indicate significant mutations to key chromosomes , likely resulting in increased adrenal production , heightened strength and reflexes , as well as this lovely appearance . All in all , be glad you missed it . I am not . You were recuperating , we managed . You were lucky , and I am fine now . I 'll be the judge of that . Yes , Doctor . Now , what remains to be determined is whether our friend 's genetic mutation is accidental in nature , or by design . - You think someone made him ? - I think , there are a lot of unanswered questions about these creatures , including the significance of this . From his right hand , index finger . It is old , - very old . - That 's what I thought . Which is why I 'll be needing a ride later tonight . Where are we going ? To see if your hackles are right . I want you to concentrate on the sound of my voice . I 'm goint to count backwards from five , four , three , two , one . Danu , can you hear me ? Yes . I want you to go back to the last thing you remember before you woke up here . The creatures . They 're too strong . We can 't escape . Why are they doing this ? We 've done nothing wrong . They 're making us drink something . We can 't move . Darkness . I want you to go back further , find a memory of something that happened before the creatures took you . Moonlight . It 's cold . I 'm in a field . I can sense the dead . Their souls extinguished . Only we remain . They 're not nightmares . That field . All the dead . We were actually there that night . It 's more than that . We were the reason . Doctor , your message was very intriguing , you never disappoint . I see you 've cleaned up since I was here last . Oh , I know , it 's so austere and uninviting , I deplore it . But when one 's life is centred around a cruel irony , one has to make a few concessions . This way . After you . Thank you . Paintings and moisture are mortal enemies . Sadly I need both to survive . Now let me take a look at your precious little bauble and we can get started . Oh , this is interesting . Wherever did you find it ? Scotland , on a mutated human guarding an ancient crypt . Scotland , you say ? Curiouser ! Ring any bells ? Plenty of them . Just a question of deciding which ones to listen to . The design is at least a thousand years old , predating the Norman conquest I 'd wager . I know I 've definitely seen something like it before . Yes . Ringing bells , ringing bells . Ding dong . And voilà . 5th century tapestry reproduction . Now , what are they being offered here ? - Blood of Christ ? - Oh please ! Nothing so cliché ! No , this design is a symbol of the Cabalis Nocturnum , a quaint little subsect of Romano-British knights from the early Middle Ages , charged with protecting the world from dark influences , I believe . These warriors likely drank from the chalice as a gesture of loyalty and faith to the cause . And who 's the man offering it to them ? A priest ? Bigger . Think the most powerful man in Britain at the time . Hint - not King Arthur . Merlin . These knights were probably rejects from Arthur 's court , desperate to prove themselves worthy . They accepted a hideous task , fighting the dark forces unleashed by Merlin 's nemesis , Morgan LeFay , evil sorceress , avowed enemy of Arthur , all around mean spirited bitch . And ... who are they ? Those would be the Morrigan , emissaries created by Morgan to wreak havock against Arthur 's armies , the very embodiment of her hellish powers . Legend has it their very presence on the battlefield would steal the souls of Arthur 's soldiers . They 've popped up in literature throughout the ages , most notably as a the trio of hags in Macbeth . You know , boil , boil toil and all that . So the Morrigan were witches . No , love , they were The witches . Easy , Steve . Easy . Ladies ?
