 Berlin ! The German Physical Society awarded the Max-Planck medal to Professor Friedrich Hund as well as to the Vienna Professor Alois Haberl . The award ceremony took place at the Magnus theatre last Friday . Ladies and gentlemen , this year the Max Planck medal is awarded to two physicists , therefore after Professor Friedrich Hund I would like to ask my colleague from Vienna , Professor Alois Haberl to join us on stage . Professor , may I ask you to come up . Professor Haberl , I have the privilege giving to you the Max Planck medal , the highest awards presented by the German Physical Society , for your brilliant work in the fields of chronology . The Max Planck medal . The physicist , who is known far beyond the borders of Germany gratefully , accepted the medal the pin and the certificate handed out by the president . Clearly moved , the professor 's daughter - Marie Sophie Haberl . Professor , some words , please . Special thanks go to my daughter ; she was supporting my research at all times . I also want to thank the committee and particularly you Mr Ramsauer . I really appreciate the honour of giving this award to me . Utendum est artate ; cito pede labitur aetas . Thank you very much . Professor , we wish you much success in the future . Make good use of time . Nutzen auch sie die Zeit . Schmidt ! Speaking ! I see ! Professor Haberl Pardon ? I spell it : Heinrich , Anton , Berta , Emil , Richard , Ludwig Vienna , Fasangartengasse 12 I will send some of my men , directly The equipment came in last week . Things are prepared . That goes without saying . Operation Zeitsturm I will not disappoint you , mein Führer . Schmidt speaking . Would you please come immediately to my office . Come in ! Reporting for duty as ordered . Heil Hitler . Have you ever been to Austria ? Yes , Sir ! These are your orders : Place Professor Haberl and daughter under restraint and bring them directly here . Yes , sir ! Arrest persons and bring prisoners hither ! Please . Marie Sophie Haberl ? Yes . Is your father at home ? Papa , here is someone for you . Professor Alois Haberl ? Yes , what is it all about ? You are under arrest . Come in ! Professor Haberl and his daughter , Sir . Heil Hitler ! Thank you ! Professor Haberl , we were wistfully waiting for your . Do you know why you are here ? I already thought about you and your clan coming up to me . My invention is not available for you in any form nor will I cooperate . Of course you will , I am absolutely sure that our methods will convince you . It is just a question of time . I have all the time in the world . I see ! Is that also true for your progeny ? However , this is your daughter , or ? This is my daughter Catholic ? We are Catholic . Dr. Haberl , pain is something ageless . March off the prisoners . Step back , Sieg heil ! You can torture me , you can quarter me or even fragment my body , but I will never offer my creation the worshipers of Satan . Mhh , young lady , we do not really like it , but you father leaves us no choice . Go ahead ! Yes , Sir ! Go on . Get away from her bastards . Stop ! Is it enough or do you want to say goodbye to the pretty face of your daughter ? Keep going on . No Papa , do not give them what they want . Go ahead Lasst sie endlich in Frieden ! You win , I will do what ever you want but please leave my daughter alive . Why didn 't you say so right away ? Release the miserable creature and put her into the cell . Yes , Sir ! Professor . Yes . As I expected you got settled in your new environment , or ? You pull the strings . You know that we constructed the time machine according to your instructions . Yes , but a fundamental piece is missing . You have paid attention on everything ! Professor , at what time point will the machine be complete ? Tja - Probably work it is going to take a month . Herr Professor , I can offer you two days . That is impossible . However , you know : Arbeit macht frei ! - Make an effort . Monday August , 7th 1944 I continue the research , acting against all my principles , hoping that Marie will be healthy and hopefully treated well . All material and all chemical elements needed for the hard of the machine are on hand . Even the installation of the lab was exactly accomplished according to my plans . It is frightening how far the power of these demons extend . Marie . Papa . Oh , what have they done to you ? Nothing to speak about . What happend to you ? Tja , I am probably going to complete the time machine for the devils collaborators . You can 't work for these buggers . It 's a case of Hobson 's choice . You are all I care about . We two are not able to escape together . Papa , - somehow or other , they will kill us . Be patient sweetheart . Wednesday August , 23th 1944 Thank God , Mare is alive . I am not sure if she can stand the imprisonment and the permanent fear . Tuesday August , 29th 1944 Success ! In today 's experiment I was able to send my watch back in time just for a few seconds but the temporary discrepancy was clearly detectable . Tomorrow I will do the same experimental set up by using a life form . Miss Haberl - You meal . Molli , now it 's up to you Wednesday , August 30th 1944 I have no idea why it does not function . The rat dematerialized but in the reversal of the process the molecules were not correctly recomposed . The rat was dead in a moment . All that returned was just a mass of excrement . That 's it ! Martin . Freitag , September 8th 1944 Yes , it worked . Only in one direction actually but I saw you for a moment and I am aware of this paradox state . Good God , help me . You are my last hope . Help us getting out of this . Let this end . Oh , young lady , resignation drives you into the arms of god ? Give me the crucifix . Give me the goddamn crucifix . Tell you god , that you father should finish the machine . Herr Professor , I did not want to urge you , but time is running . Yes , the machine works but only with dead material , living material will be converted into pure energy and will be bound to the machine forever . Herr Professor , you know that I act under orders . And you know that I will follow these orders . When can I use the maschine ? I am working on that problem . Her Professor , I will issue you one last ultimatum . Two hours , or I have to take you daughter to task and than she won 't get off so lightly . I will do my very best . Think of your daughter . She is always in my mind . The machine is ready in two hours . I try or I have to execute you daughter ... Georg , what can I do for you ? I found it . What ? I have no time to explain it at the moment . Pack your stuff . What is it all about ? Just another story about aliens , where I have to build up receiving installation for days only to analyse random noise . Don 't talk nonsense ! This time we have the opportunity to change the world . Just trust me and let Lisa know . Just a moment . Oh you two . Should I document how you blow up television towers once again ? Georg has apparently a vision but he is swathing himself in silence . Good , I catch you up tomorrow morning and explain everything to you on the way . Trip - Where are we going to ? Yes I looks like we will do a journey though the time . Herr Professor , time is running . What ist he state of your fucking machine The machine works only with dead material . Aha , dead material ? You tell me that since two days . I can not do more than working on it ... Will you get the machine functional ? Yes or No ? Herr Schmidt , I 'm not a magician . That is a question of time , I can 't do more than ... I won 't hear any excuse , Herr Haberl . Will the machine be functional ? Yes or No ? I will do my best . So , you will do your very best ? By now you are responsible . No . That is your problem . Good God . Now it 's quite plain to me , that I must not finish my work under any circumstances when I want to save the world , but you can do it . I know you will find this book wherever I will hide it . And you will turn everything to the best using the machine . Even if the regime will be gone , the evil will takes many forms . Schmidt . Yes mein Führer . Pardon ? Can you please say it again ? Lost . Yes , I understand . That is not possible ; the time machine is not functional . 24 hours ? He is not going to make it . Seal the bunker . It was a great honour for me . Adieu , mein Führer . It is your turn ! Here my last card . Get out of here , I 'm loosing once again . Payday . You will take me to the cleaners . There 's an end of it ! What is this ? The beauties of the world . That 's not bad . Here , what is this ? Yes , she is a nice f * * * Well , I don 't know . Look , Miss Germany . Ahhh , I 'd like to show her how a German soldier can do it . I thought you are married . Yes , that is correct . Pictures of Annelise ? This is my Annelise ? I know this girl . Yes , her sister , she is still unmarried . Can I ? For sure , be carefull . Is this also at your home ? This is on our holiday farm ? Is this your brother ? Anders come into my office , directly ! New orders . Always in the pause . Who knows what he wants . We will go on later . So I am writing these parses to you my unknown friend and lay all my hopes into your arms . I offer you the key to a new world . The hidden entrance to the bunker is near Fürstenbrunnen . In the middle of the Woods , behind the first clearance . Stop , get out . We will walk the rest . Did we reach the destination ? Take the flex with you . The core of the machine requires a constant power of 1,21 Gigawatts . The working current of the relays is five Volt . Many functions are explained by the program of the electron brain itself . As soon as I will find a possibility I will escape with the help of god , taking the heart of the machine and this diary with me . Rejected Anders , the command has rejected . Seal the bunker and liquidate all inmates . Did I get that correct ? : Seal from the inside ? Yes , from the inside . Yes Sir ! Haberl , Freeze ! Stand still or I will kill you . It must be somewhere here . Saturday , September9th 1944 The escape was successful , but a bullet stoke me and penetrated my chest through my right arm . Here it is , we found it . Here is the entrance . Get back . It is no problem unlocking the entrance . Sledgehammer Are we getting into the bunker here ? I turn the flex on . Let me have a go ! Let 's go . That took a while . Are we going on playing cards , now ? Come on , dont 't look into my cards . Sit down . Diesmal verlierst du . Not bad , but you are going to loose the game . You will find the heart of the machine under the roots of a beech tree . I marked the tree with my knife around two kilometres from the first bifurcation direction Fürstenbrunnen a hundred steps south . Orders completed ! All persons are dead , the bunker is sealed . But Prof. Haberl did escape . How was he able to run away ? Thank you for your loyalty and your services to your mother country . Looks not like an entrance . I won 't get in there ! Come on ! All the spider webs inhere ! A lot of buttons . Here wasn 't anyone for a long time . Nothing ! This will be my final hour . If you will read all my instructions accurately the door into a new world will be open for you . Use the time and try to safe my daughters live . Utendum est artate ; cito pede labitur aetas . Professor Alois Haberl . Off ! Pay attention ! I will switch the time machine on ! Looks good ! No . Shit . Personal records Dr. Georg Linde : I am in a big disappointment , the first euphoria is gone . Although it should have been clear that Professor Haberl 's machine would have retained rust over the years only and won 't be functional at all . The energy source must be somewhere here . Eventually I had to read the professor 's diary attentively . Lisa meant , that 220 Volt are surely not enough energy for the time machine . Which other energy source is available ? Lisa 's search of any records concerning the time machine was ineffective . What does the Professor mean regarding the machine heart ? Hundret ! This is a beech tree . That 's it , pay attention ; he marked the tree with his knife . Take a look ! Should the machine heart be the energy source ? And is it possible to find something under a tree after many years or is it possible to find even the tree ? Wait a minute , after such a long period of time , look up there ! That is our tree ... Yes . Excavate ! I would suggest he has hidden it directly under the tree . I will do that . Due to the imagination that I will be able to make the last dreams of mankind come true and travel beyond all borders of time my motivation came back . Here is something ! It works , get it out ... Ones more . Yes . Wait . Covered with a big nazi symbol . The heart ! I told you all of this is true . Let 's get back to the bunker . Now it was clear in my mind , that it is able to function . But why did the Professor fail . Of what avail is it to send a object trough time ? I want to see and feel by myself what the future will bring and reexperience all the great moments of live again . Where is Lisa ? She fell asleep , let her take a rest . I 'm very hungry and my stomach is growling . Do you have anything to eat ? Food ? Yes ? Thank you . Bon appétit ! Did you make any progress by solving the problem ? I have an assumption . What if the processing power is not enough ? What , if the scan of living material takes more time than the time transfer itself ? That would explain why Harblerl 's rat came back as a piece of shit . Yeah . But is the body scanned digitally ? Was that even possible at that time ? The body is not digitised it is analogised . You have to imagine the process like taking analogic pictures or a kind of molecular x-ray . When using dead material the scanning time is still in line with in the time transfer . Than it works for example the watch . Do you know what we are doing here ? I think we should forget about all this . Bullshit ! We are so close to it . There is no turning back now . The Professor , let the watch just disappear , the time machine never functioned . It is not possible to travel trough the time . Of course the machine did function . And surely one can travel trough time . We are drifting through the time in this moment , look at the clock , there is no stop . We are not allowed to act as gods . God . God ! We are talking about soul and spirit . I mean the body is not able to be analogised . That does not function . Naturally it will operate . Soul and spirit , what is that ? Of course a time machine is something spiritual but with religious balderdash we are not going to forge ahead . Well , I don 't know . Yes , what are you going to do now ? Yes , we try to expand the capacity of the CPU , the processor have to be capable of doing the molecular scan also with living material before the time transfer ends . Quite simply . So we need a CPU Cluster . For exapmle . And we have to modify the program in Haberl 's computer . Yes , If the program won 't be saved in 100 circuits of relaies Well that is not the problem ; we need another computer for extension . A PC ? I think that is not stabil enough . PC . Than we will use our SX64 . Correct . Lisa ! Come to me . Lisa , I am here . Do it for me . Help me . I have been waiting for you . I need your help . Lisa ... Lisa So Martin , contact of C64 userport serial interface , 12 electrical lines , as-if Haberl had known , 12 electrical lines . 12 inputs . Perfect ! 5 Volt is clear . Synchron signal here and over the DY 86 we can transfer the complete processing power from the SX . Where is the input ? Extension of the processor was a mere child 's play . I had the imagination that Professor Harberl was aware of this and made arrangements years ago . Than we will do it that way . Check the colours ones again . Correct . Good . Connected ! I had seen her . Ich hab seen here and she is still alive . Whom did you see ? Professor Haberl 's daughter . Calm down . ABut it was so real ! Well , it was just a nightmare Lisa , you were dreaming ! This was not a dream . Easy now Lisa . Yes . I wil go and get something to eat . OK . What did you achieve in the meantime ? We extendet the CPU , and now we are prepared for the time tranfer also of living matter . Can I do anything ? Switch on the power supply . Hey , that was only a spider . Take it easy , Lisa . Ok , let 's try it . What are we going to send through the time ? Martin 's dinner ! My food ? Sure . Put it onto the platform . OK . Attention ! Get back . Then where the hell * is * my food ? Yes Martin , the appropriate question is , " When * the hell is it ? Yes , get it back . That 's easier done than said . From which century is it ? I couldn 't care less . It did function . I am here . Hey Martin , what is this ? Timeline variation . It is possible to enter year dates . Lisa , would you be good enough to come overh here and take the chronicle with you . We need striking dates out of time . Some data . Mai 6th 1937 , das day the Hindenburg bursted into flames . That never happend . Go on . November , 9th 1938 This also never happend . We can undo Hiroschima , or ? Of course ! Lisa , what was the precise calendar date ? It was August , 6th 1945 . 80.000 humans stay alive ... please let me . This is inapprehensible . What was that ? Oswald did not do it . Kennedy was never killed . Wow , go ahead . 28.01.1986 , Challenger catastrophe . Yes and 28.08 . 1988 Ramstein ! Never happend , what next ? 11 . September 2001 . Also the World Trade Center is still standing . Goddammit we have the potential to put things straight . We can make amends , ours is the time . It is unbelievable . It works . I did not get that . If we go to New York is the World Trade Center intact once again ? No , not in our time dimension , but in the one we modified . There is a kind of civilisation that was unscathed . And if the existence of the time machine will be eliminated . Ahhh , how can that happen ? Hmmm , what if Professor Haberl will be born because of such a catastrophe . Hä , it seem too paradoxical for me . No , but I thing the hole universe will blow up in one second . What is it good for ? It works with your food , so I would like to try it with myself . You 're nuts . Yes , what are we doing this investigation for ? What is the aim , if we are not going to try this ? Ach , I will not do it until we have tested it . But this we did . You are crazy as a jaybird . Must we be a kind of guinea pig , or what ? Yes , I don 't know . Since Einstein we are aware of time and relativity , but what is this good for ? Hello , I am prepared . We have to record this I am getting the camera . Very good idea , we should have done this earlier . Cam is running ? Yeah , cam is running . OK . After successfully testing the time machine I will now , for the first time send a human trough time . Which time point should I enter ? Friday 8.9.1944 . That is the day , on which Professor Haberl is standing right there at your position . Done . All right , give me ten minutes and than get me back here . Hmmm , you have to know about . Your responsibility ! Yes , I am ready . I press RETURN . Bloody hell ! Why is it not working , Martin ? Well , I cant tell you . Stop the transfer , right away ! Operation stopped . Why ? What the hell happened ? I know why it is not working . Professor Haberl 's daughter is still trapped in time machines buffer . And I was correct , it was more than just a dream . I dare say she is right , Martin . How can we get her out ? Yes and is she still alive ? And if she will be dead , I am not sure if I want to see that . It does not matter . Try to reverse polarity , than the transfer should be possible . Polarity is reversed . Transfer works . I will activate the subreactor . Very good ! Lisa are you still recording ? Georg , the process is over . Marie Sophie Haberl you are in the 21st century . Everything is all right . How are you ? I can not put into words what I had seen . The time machine must be destroyed . Did you here me ? It must be destroyed . Calm down first . She is absolutely right . No , now it works . We can travel through time . Let 's demolish the machine . I will blow it up . Yes . No Georg , the correct thing is to destroy the machine . But it is functional now , why should we stop at this point ? Who will bear responsibility ? I take accountability for it . Let 's get out ! No . Georg out of here . Aah my foot . Help ! My god , all the things that one would be able to do with you . Get out ! Did we put things on record for ensuing ages ? Yeah , but ... No one is going to believe that . I think the same way , so we can destroy all evidence . Yes .
