 What would you do if you did manage to free yourself ? Attack me ? Or go after the boy and hope I didn 't interfere ? Oh I 'd definitely do you first , Dad . Yes . I wouldn 't believe it either , such an outlandish not to mention sordid , tale . I know my mother , you 're not even close to her type . For starters she likes her men sane ! And a lot less talky . Oh she liked me well enough when she agreed to marry me . Ok , well , you have me , you have the ghoul . What 's next ? My butt 's gettin ' cold . Imagine spending every hour of every day , every penny of your fortune , trying to find someone only to discover you were looking in the wrong bloody century ! Imagine the frustration , the anger , as the search went on a fool 's errand . I moved from decade to decade , holding on to the one hope that I would finally land in the right time and place , to find you Ashley . My father is dead . Who told you that ? The good Doctor . My God , her gall never ceases to amaze me . Who is she , to play nursemaid to every deviant who 's lost its way ? Or more to the point , to decide that you should never know your own flesh and blood ? Who is she to say ... I 'm her mother , that 's who ! Sanctuary Webisode 04 v. 0.9 Timing : Golgi , Ricana . Transcript : Egwene , Linwelin . Edition : Golgi , Ricana . Proofreading : Golgi , Egwene , Linwelin . Projet-SG Team This is why I busted my ass in medical school . To crawl around dirty tunnels chasing mutant psychos . Keep it together Will , the monsters are down there not up here . I thought you were going to wait in the car . You look ... wonderful . Stop playing games , John . You got what you wanted . Indeed . A family at last . You played your cards very patiently . Well done . As if that could prevent this moment . Please tell this guy there 's a nice padded cell in his future . Quiet Ashley . How could I tell her the truth ? How could you not ? You murdered eight innocent women . No . Not yet . I 'm still waiting for the " it 's a total lie " part . Mom , he 's not my dad , right ? Please , this is neither the time nor the place . Whatever you 're going to do , don 't . Actually , it 's you who is going to do it all , Helen . What you have made of our daughter . A foul-mouthed , wilful , violent child . But at the core , a needy little girl who just misses her dad . And this , your beloved creatures , the damned souls you so tirelessly try to save . It is all up to you , Helen . Make your choice ! What will it be ? Don 't . This is entertaining . I know you 're quick , John . But if memory serves , bullets are quicker . Memory is a fickle companion . No , no . Let me . Wait . What now , John ? I die like one of your whores ? Tell me what choice I have . You want to hurt me ! No , I don 't . I want to help you . Other people might be afraid of you but I 'm not . Why ? Because ... there 's no such thing as monsters . Forgive me John . You can 't control her forever , Helen . Stop . You 'll never survive . Easy guys . You actually exist . I was ... I am ... scared of you . But I know it 's just the idea of you , the concept . You see I saw this movie when I was a kid . And ... I had an overactive imagination , and ... Never mind . Just get better . You used to live over in Banaram County . Yeah , when I was a kid , East hills . - 1123 - Seneca Boulevard . Before I met the doctor , I ... I was angry . I enjoyed scaring people ... kids . I knew that movie was playing that night . I 'm sorry . It was you ? I know ... it is late in coming , but ... no hard feelings ? Sure you 're ok ? I ... wasn 't at my best back there . Considering the situation ... If you thinking about working here you should really see this . Will you stop fiddling with that thing ? Let 's just get this over with . Come on , make yourself useful with something go get me a cream soda . The heck was I talkin ' about ? New guy , if you 're watching this that means , huh ... she 's dragged you into this whole little circus of hers , huh ? Well I was once ... young like you , a year out of medical school . It was in , huh ... 1932 or something , I was ... finishing a night shift at the hospital , and ... walking home , she came out of the shadows , this woman . She hands me this , huh ... this business card . After that I was just caught in her web . You know we were studying the abnormals , we got to be very close . We had a ... a special bond , Helen and I. She had ideas about things ... He rambles a bit here . I begged her , plead with her to stop . I didn 't think I could take it any more . You know ? Different things from the fridge . No . No . Been given an oportunity to learn things , things that no one else can ever know . And there will be risks , there will be sacrifices . At best , the chances of light death , and some maiming , could be in the cards . But what is that in the face of knowing ... the truth ? the truth about human kind . Hey ! Glue guy ? Glue guy , I just lost another fingernail . What have I got ? What I gotta do ? Where are you ? Don 't sneak up on me like that . Anyway , good luck new guy . Just keep your head up , keep your eyes open , and stay away from anything , anything radioactive . I don 't care how cute or fluffy it is . And you tell Helen , you tell Helen that , uh ... You tell her that Barney says hello . She 'll know what that means . Anyway , I gotta get something to husk down my corns . Nice . Leaving Dr. Zimmerman ? Well , after watching Barney TV , can you blame me ? Look , I just wanted to say thank you . It was all a lot of fun , as traumatic as it was . You 're turning down my offer ? Yeah , - I already have a job . - That zoo they laughingly call a hospital , cold-hearted bureaucrats and uneducated sloths . Hey , don 't forget about the free jello . So why linger ? Off you go . Is Alexei ... I 've secured a place for him at a special school I know . He 'll be fine . What about Ashley ? Some pretty heavy news about her dad . I will deal with my daughter , have no fear . Was there something else ? Yeah , yeah , it 's you and Druitt . Something about it still doesn 't make sense to me . Pray tell ? Barney 1932 ? And the way you talk , those Sherlock Holmes expressions . I mean , who says " pray tell " ? Druitt was the same . Proper use of the Queen 's English is a lost art . No , no , no . Let 's just forget about the very disturbing fact that you have a basement full of monsters and your butler shoudn 't exist . Let 's talk about you and this guy , ok ? You claim that your first patient was Montague John Druitt , a man who also happens to be Scotland Yard 's prime suspect in the Ripper killings in 1888 . I told you he could bend dimensional space . Why not time as well ? So he 's the actual Ripper ? Come on , you can 't know that , not for sure . Indeed I can , Dr. Zimmerman . I was there . So you can travel through time too ? I cannot . You said Ashley was your flesh and blood , so ... She is . I kept the embryo frozen for over a century 'till could bear the loneliness no longer . I brought it to term believing John was gone for good . I underestimated his determination . How is any of this possible ? When you treat beings with extraordinary powers , sometimes the rewards are , well , unexpected . So that means that you ... I am 157 years old . Aren 't you leaving ? Your gratuitous jello awaits . You know , I hoped that at least you would be normal . Sorry to disappoint . Do you promise me that I 'm not gonna end up like Barney ? No , I can 't do that . But I can promise you the adventure of many , many lifetimes . Shall we begin ? Projet-SG Team
