 Destiny . The design is clearly Ancient . Launched hundreds of thousands of years ago . SCOTT : Where the hell are we ? RUSH : Several billion light years from home . SCOTT : We are on a ship , but we have no idea where we are in relation to Earth . RUSH : This ship could be the most important discovery mankind has made since the stargate itself . YOUNG : These are the wrong people in the wrong place . SCOTT : I 've got a lot of wounded . We need to get home . RUSH : We barely have enough power to operate the main systems . This ship simply doesn 't have the capability to dial Earth . Even if we can get the life support working , - we don 't have much food and water . - Then go get some . Little boys playing soldier . Well , I 'm sorry . I 've no interest in playing your game . I 'm not playing anything . I 'm trying to save the lives of everyone aboard that ship . We do have power issues to be aware of . If I wasn 't being clear , I was giving you an order . Dr. Rush . - Dr. Rush , I was wondering if ... - Not now ! What are you doing ? Morning . Colonel Young asked us to figure out ... I turned these systems off for a reason . They need to stay off ! BRODY : Don 't know whether the ship has electrolyzed it to produce oxygen , but you can see there 's not much left in there . We did some calculations based on our estimates of the water depth and tank dimensions . - And the winner is ? - Just over 90 , 000 liters . 91,046 . Ish . Go , Math Boy . - Sounds like a lot . - It wouldn 't fill a backyard swimming pool . Still , it 's enough to loosen the rationing restrictions , isn 't it ? Camile , I think I know where you 're going with this , and believe me when I say that I , too , could use a shower . I don 't think the showers use water . They just spray a sort of mist that you kind of stand in , and it sort of beads up . There 's one in a compartment off the crew quarters . How do you know all that if you haven 't tried it ? How do you know I haven 't tried it ? Oh , we know . Thank you , Lieutenant Rose Garden . No , he 's right . You 're worse than he is . Wow , you can tell them apart ? We also identified a recycling system for liquid waste , so once we get that system up and running ... Okay , folks , let 's have a better day than yesterday . Thank you . - Your ration , sir . - Thank you . I ordered you here 20 minutes ago . I 've been working . Throughout the night , actually , trying to find out why our power reserves are so low . I 'm quite concerned , and so should you be . Okay , well , how bad is it ? I haven 't been able to access any of the main systems yet , so I don 't know . You look exhausted . Maybe you should take a break . Get the information we need and make some informed decisions , and we report ... Could you please stop people running around activating every bloody system they can get their hands on ? I will . That was delicious . Thank you very much . That man is a lot of work . Let 's bring in the next group , please . Doctor , I 'm very sorry to bother you . I know you 're busy , but I really need your ... What did I say ? Come on , it doesn 't have to be profound . Just who you are and something you want to say . Like ... Hi , I 'm Eli Wallace . I 'm 25 years old . I 'm currently unemployed , and just for posterity 's sake , I 'd like to say , " Take your stinking paws off me , you damn dirty ape ! " For example . I 'm not really gonna say that . Just try it . Say something . YOUNG : Well , it could be that Rush is just starting a fire so he can put it out , or it could be that he 's so far ahead of us he can see problems that none of us can see . So what do you want us to do ? Help him . The man likes to work alone . Well , with the way he 's been treated , you can hardly blame him . I can blame him all day long . It 's pretty hard not to , considering . - This isn 't helpful . - Yeah , well , it 's the truth . YOUNG : Well , we 're stuck with Rush for now . Scott is checking out the other shuttle , seeing if it 's operational . He asked that you two join him when we were done here , so off you go . Dismissed . Please tell me that 's everyone . We still have the question of what to do with the Senator 's body . Yeah , we 'll get to him . He 's not going anywhere . I 'd appreciate a file on everyone by sometime tomorrow . Nothing fancy . - And my assignment , sir ? - Recipes , Becker . For the love of God , recipes . Second Lieutenant Vanessa James , 26 , Air Force Special Forces . All I have to say is , I don 't want to die out here . WRAY : Colonel ! YOUNG : I thought we were done . There are still dozens of human resources issues we need to talk about . Pick one . The matter of Lieutenant Johansen resigning her commission . Consider her reactivated . - Well , I don 't know if that 's up to ... - Up to me ? Yeah , it is . We need a medic . I don 't even know why she resigned in the first place . Well , that 's none of my business . Colonel , look what we figured out . We 're calling it a recharging plate . YOUNG : Uh-huh . We 've tweaked it so it works with Earth technology . For now , we have to be careful not to leave them on the plate for too long or it fries the battery , but ... - Not bad , huh ? - It 's great . - Isn 't it ? - Turn it off . - Why ? - Well , Rush says we have power issues . We 've got all these things to recharge . I know , but as soon as he gives the go-ahead , you kids can go crazy . For now , help me pass the word to stop pushing buttons . It 's cool , guys . This one 's secure . JOHANSEN : You think you can fly this thing , man ? I can fly an F-302 . GREER : Yeah , in a simulator . This is a real spaceship , man . Yes , it is . So , pretty screwed up , huh ? Yeah . Yeah , pretty screwed up . You think they 're gonna work it out ? We 're pretty freaking far from home , man . I don 't know . Not today . You should have shipped out weeks ago , T.J. - It 's not right . - It ain 't right at all . Yeah , well , I 'm here , so what do you want us to do ? Help me figure out what kind of bird we got here . I just radioed Brody to come down , help translate the controls . Took me half an hour just to find the " On " switch . Maybe we can take a little joyride , huh ? Oh , joy ! You don 't have to follow me around . What do you mean ? I mean that I 'm okay . Oh . Thank God you said something , 'cause I thought you were following me around , and it was about to get awkward . I don 't mind the company . I just don 't want to keep you from anything important . I am done with important . I 'm taking the day off from important . - You should . - So should you . Me ? I don 't even know what to do with myself , Eli . I 'm the last person who should be here . - I 'm second to last . - You 're underestimating yourself . So are you . Can you show me how to use that shower you were talking about ? Yes . Yes , I can . YOUNG : Scott 's checking out the shuttle , seeing if it 's operational . Everyone else is holding the work until you give the green light . Thank you . Look , I want you to know that I 'm well aware that in the field of Ancient technology , or pretty much any other subject I can think of , you 're the best I 've got . But we can 't be working at cross purposes . All I ask is that you check with me before issuing orders . Check with you ? No , no , you see , you got it backwards . If you 're doing something , I want to know what it is , and this is not a request . Done . Fine . I 'll tell you everything . If there is an issue that affects everybody on this ship , like we 're running out of power . I think I already told you that . I 'm not here to snap your back or piss you off , but if we 're going to be on this ship for any length of time , we need to be on the same page . I think our length of time together on Destiny may be shorter than you think . Okay . I get it . Who can I bring in to help ? Honestly , it may take longer than we 've got to bring someone else up to speed . - Volker it is . - Perfect , terrific . You can tell him to sit on his hands if you want to . Spencer , Sergeant . I 'm 31 . All I want to say is , I never asked for this . All I want is to get off this ship . ELI : What 's it feel like ? What ? What 's it feel like on your bare skin ? - It 's really warm ! - Yeah ? - JAMES : Eli . - I 'm just standing guard ! Anybody could walk in . I ... What ? - Whatever . I need to talk to you . - I 'm ... Alone . It 's important . Wow , I am so torn . Chloe , I 'm gonna take Eli for a minute . That all right with you ? Okay ! I 'll check back with you later , okay ? Okay ! Hey , heard you could use a helper . Well , you heard wrong . Yeah , Young said not to take no for an answer . RUSH : If he wanted to be helpful , he would have sent Eli instead . Well , thank you for that , but Eli 's a kid , really , - and I 'm an astrophysicist , so ... - Mr. Volker , I neither need nor want your help , all right ? Look , he 's just going to drag me right back in here , and you know it . Come on . Right , I 'm concerned that Destiny is on the verge of losing power . Look for yourself . This ship 's been flying around for the better part of a million years . I know . So I don 't understand why all of a sudden ... Well , we showed up and started doing things , how about that ? - Like what ? - Dialing back to Earth , for one ! Come on , we had to try . Look out a window , man . We 're flying faster than the speed of light . How close to the end of the rope can we be ? You 're obviously not capable of seeing the signs . Okay , well , speaking of signs , when was the last time you slept ? Look , if you know what you 're looking for , there are clear indications that power is being channeled into life support and away from ... How can you know that ? We 're still completely locked out of the core systems . Out ! - Okay , I 'll ... Forget I said anything . - Now ! - No , I 'll just work quietly ... - It 's too bloody late for that , isn 't it ? I told him you 'd be a waste of time ! A waste of time that we can ill afford ! If you can 't see the signs staring you in the face , then you 're no good to me ! Get out ! Look , we just want to talk . You said " alone . " Well , how else was I supposed to get you out of there ? What 's going on , Eli ? - You mean right now ? - Don 't be an idiot . Wow , you must be getting to know me , because I respond really well to that . We can 't get a straight answer from anybody about whether or not we 're going to make it back to Earth . I don 't think anybody knows . JAMES : They don 't know or won 't tell us ? I 'm pretty sure if they knew , they would tell you . They 'd tell you . Me ? - Are you serious ? - Yeah , we are , Eli . You 're on the inside . Rush needs you . The Colonel 's looking out for you . Okay , tell you what , if they tell me , then I 'll tell you . That 's all we ask . That 's it ? Great . This has been good . I think as a group , we 've bonded . - You got to be kidding me . - I know . You were in there five minutes . He kicked me out . What 's the matter with you ? You 're a grown man . I know that , but he said , " Out ! " Well , what the hell did you say to the man ? I didn 't say anything ! I was trying to figure out what his problem was . It 's our problem , Volker . It 's not just his . I need you to get your ass back in there . - I 'm telling you , he 's gone crazy . - Well , we already knew that . Go . This isn 't the old crazy . This is a whole new crazy . Would you like me to hold your hand , is that it ? Is that what you need me to do ? - Come on , Colonel , I 'm trying . - All right . Here we go . Let 's do this . I 'll take you there myself . And for God 's sake , Volker , if you people can 't stand up to the son of a bitch ... YOUNG : Did you do that , Rush ? Is that what you think ? No . No , I didn 't , but I have been standing here for the past few minutes watching systems fail all over the ship , and there 's nothing that I could do to stop that . The FTL drive was amongst the last to go . We could be in range of a stargate . You see what I mean ? No , there 's no countdown . There 's got to be emergency reserves . I don 't think you seem to understand what 's going on here , Colonel . Our reserves are gone . All of our power is gone . Uh , Dr. Dale Volker . I 'm 34 years old , and despite what you may or may not have heard from a certain Scottish person , I like to think that I 'm a pretty fine astrophysicist . I mean , they don 't send you to work on solving the mysteries of the universe on other planets if you 're a hack , right ? So , that 's all I have to say . And we can 't all be Mozarts , right ? Some of us are Salieris . Not that there 's anything wrong with that . I like Salieri . I find his music is ... It 's ... It 's soothing . I 'm not suggesting that he 's Mozart , either . Although Mozart did go a little nuts , didn 't he ? All right , I 'm done . He 's maybe a Schubert at best . Or an Elgar . I 'm done , Eli . FRANKLIN : Hey , the lights went off in my compartment . - Yeah , it 's the same all over . - FRANKLIN : Well , why ? Why does everybody think that I know everything ? CHLOE : Eli ! Eli ! Eli ! Eli ! ELI : Chloe ? Not funny , Eli ! It wasn 't me ! We had a power failure or something . - I was on my way to go ... - Well , I 'm freezing , and I can 't see ! Wait . Hold on . Here , let me help . Oh ! Sorry ! Sorry . Everything just stopped and went pitch black . I completely freaked . Yeah , we heard . - How was the shower ? - It 's fine . Thanks for asking . Look , just go find out what 's going on . I 'm okay . Here , here . It 's something , anyway . - Don 't make any long distance phone calls . - Thanks . - Eli ? - Yeah ! Wait for me ? Sure . - Turn around . - Sure . YOUNG : So it wasn 't anything you did ? Since I arrived , I have been unable to access any of the core systems , power , navigation or propulsion . Why didn 't you bring somebody else in on this ? Because I 'm the only qualified person ! YOUNG : You see , this is what I 'm talking about . VOLKER : Maybe it 's like a Lantean device . You need the Ancient gene to access the ... Destiny predates that technology . You know that for a fact ? Yes , Colonel ! I know many , many things for a fact ! I know you asked Gorman to poke around in the weapons systems , for a fact ! I know you have ordered teams of people all over the ship to do things that they know nothing about , for a fact ! Right . You think all those things add up to this , Rush ? Does that make sense to you ? Look . Look ! No , you 're right . You are right . It was your reckless , pointless attempt to dial Earth that robbed me of the time I needed to solve this problem ! Well , maybe we 're just missing something . Yes , the opportunity of a lifetime ! Because you wouldn 't listen to me ! - T.J. , this is Young . - RUSH : I refuse to be held responsible - for this situation ! - We could use a medic in the Gate Room . YOUNG : Nobody 's blaming you . - I ran out of time ! - We can fix this . Fix this ? What do you think , just because you give the order that it 's possible ? There is no more power ! Destiny saved every last ounce of its reserves for life support , and I 've seen it happening ! I 've seen it being sequestered away from me ! I tried to ... I tried to stop it . I tried to stop it , but I couldn 't . I tried to ... I tried to stop it . I tried to stop it , but I couldn 't . - Rush ... - In a few days ' time , this ship will go dark ! It will go dark and cold . YOUNG : T.J. , now . Okay , I 'm Sergeant Hunter Riley . I 'm one day short of my 30th birthday . I grew up on a farm . I have relatives who 've never even left the state , and here I am halfway across the universe , so ... No regrets . YOUNG : So ... VOLKER : Rush was right . Everything but life support is dead . Well , why now ? Why just when we show up ? Because we just showed up . Well , there 's the stargate . It 's a power hog , and we had it on all day yesterday . There 's still some power , and the shields are still working to some degree . - Again , that 's to keep us alive . - For how long ? We 're gonna have to wait for Rush to wake up for an answer to that one . Well , T.J. says he 's not going to be up for a while . So where does that leave us ? - Dead . - Dead . Not right away . VOLKER : Yeah , we have days , maybe a lot of days , but if there 's no stargate in range ... And there 's not . We don 't have the power to dial out anyway . So it 's a race between food , water and life support . I don 't buy that . We can 't do anything without access to the ship 's systems . Look . I mean , I could stand here all day . Eli ? I put a Kino into search mode and sent it into unpressurized areas of the ship looking for an active console somewhere . Nothing yet . Also , I was looking into if there 's any way we could integrate the shuttle 's power with the ship 's system . - So you 're working the problem . - Yeah . Does the computer-hacking dropout - have to save our asses ... - The dropout is still here . Or are you going to get your heads out of yours ? The shuttle idea is pretty good . Yeah , there might be a work-around . Well , let 's do that . Thank you , Eli . By the way , it 's MIT dropout . You want a gold star for that ? - No , I just ... - Do something . I 'm going to be gone for a few hours . - Gone ? - YOUNG : To report this mess . If you need me , yank me back . Wanna say hi ? Lieutenant Matthew Scott . I 'm 26 years old , and I 'd like to say a prayer for all of us if that 's okay . ELI : Sure , yeah . Whatever you want . The Lord is my shepherd , I shall not want . He maketh me to lie down in green pastures . He leadeth me to still waters . - TELFORD : I 'll take it from here , Peter . - Again ? What can I say ? I 'm a glutton for punishment . Okay . - TELFORD : What 's going on , Sergeant ? - Actually , I was coming to ask you . Colonel Young went back to report . I 'm Colonel Telford . I 'd like to speak with Dr. Rush immediately . Oh ? Well , he 's had a nervous breakdown , sir . - What ? - But I can take you to Lieutenant Scott . He 's in the shuttle . Wow , that was quick . It doesn 't take very long to say , " We 're screwed . " I 'm sorry , sir . I wish there was something we could do . There is . I 'll shout down when she 's ready to see you . Lieutenant Tamara Johansen . I 'm a paramedic . I actually quit my job a few weeks ago . I shouldn 't even be here . To think I could have missed all of this . YOUNG : Hey . Emily . No , don 't . I said that you could come in , but that 's all . Okay . Scott , Johansen . A word , please . There 's no power except for the shuttle ? Sir , you already know that . Matt , this is Colonel Telford . That 's right . Now , would either of you two officers care to explain how Colonel Young managed to let things fall apart so fast ? There was no way of knowing this was going to happen . You 're saying Rush didn 't see it coming ? That 's what I thought . I want to know what 's really going on aboard this ship . - It 's just ... It 's ridiculous . - YOUNG : It 's true . Let 's say that it is . Why ? Why are you putting me through this ? Because I wanted to say ... I 'm sorry . I didn 't choose my job over you . It wasn 't just about the job . I know . I love you . I 'm guessing that didn 't go well . Sir . - How does this change anything ? - What do you mean ? Let 's say that I believe all of this . I don 't really , but even if I did , you did choose , and you chose to go . YOUNG : I didn 't choose this . You knew there was a chance you wouldn 't be coming back . I am coming back . No . You wouldn 't be here like this to say goodbye if you really thought there was a chance . Listen , I 'm doing everything that I can . I 'm going to do everything that I can . I want nothing more than to get back here to be with you , and I want nothing more than for you to be here for me when I do get home . I 'm just saying I don 't know when that will be . Please . You made your choice , Everett . And I made mine . Nothing 's changed . And I really ... I really do hope that you 're going to be okay . - Hey . Emily , listen . Please . - Don 't . Don 't , please . Emily , please . Emily . Just let me go . I gave you a direct order , Lieutenant . Sir , I understand that you gave me a direct order , and I respectfully suggest it would be a complete waste of time ! I 'm telling you , the ship came here for a reason ! - SCOTT : Sir ? - The ship came here for what reason ? - Colonel Young ? - Yeah , yeah . What the hell was Telford just ordering you to do ? Use the communication stones to report that you need to be replaced . Well , he 's probably right about that . So , the ship came here for what reason ? The odds of coming out of FTL on the outer edge of a star system are astronomical . Throw in the fact that there are three potentially habitable planets , plus a gas giant to act as a comet catcher on the outside of the system ? We 're talking miraculous . So there 's a chance now that we 're going to live ... Though our definition of " habitable " just means the surface temperature range allows for the presence of liquid water , and since the primary 's a red dwarf , the planets must have a relatively short orbital radius just to fall within that range , which means there 's a likelihood at least one or two of them will be tidally locked , meaning one side will always be facing the star , which increases the prospect of geological instability due to tidal stresses , and I can 't stand earthquakes . I was in one when I was 13 , and I cut both my feet on broken glass . But it might be nice ! Hey . How are you ? - How did I get here ? - You 're not that heavy . You passed out for a little while . - How long ? - About 10 hours . It 's probably the first real sleep you 've had since we arrived here . Has anything happened ? Not since we lost power , no . You haven 't missed a thing . How do you feel ? Embarrassed . - Don 't be . - Well , you weren 't there . Your head 's pounding , right ? How many cups of coffee do you normally drink a day ? Four ? Five ? You 're in caffeine withdrawal . So are about a dozen other people on board . It can make you pretty crazy . You should see the smokers . You 're looking at one . Double whammy , huh ? I was going to let you sleep it off , but the Colonel wants you to see something , so let 's go . ELI : If you don 't do one , they 're not going to know who the hell you are . Eli , I have nothing to say . ELI : People are going to find this . They 're going to want to know who we were . Look , I 'll do your slate , okay ? This is Dr. Nicholas Rush . He is the lead scientist of the Icarus Project . Now just say what you feel . Come on in . Orbital insertion trajectory ? That was my first thought . I thought your first thought was we were gonna fly into the damn thing . SCOTT : But , no , sir . I 'm guessing we 'll get close enough to kiss , but not enough for capture . An aerobraking maneuver ? Well , the math 's over my head , but , yeah , we should come out of a slingshot somewhere in-system . Where there are habitable planets . - I didn 't tell him . - No , but you 're all smiling . Well , we 're still too far out to know if they 're anything more than rocks , but we found three candidates before Big Bertha here filled up the sky . So this trajectory is no accident , then . The man 's quick . We 'll know once we 're clear . That 'll be in six minutes . Who translated this ? You know it 's completely backwards . Well , pull up a chair , sir . This 'll be a show you don 't want to miss . YOUNG : So we 're clear , my definition of habitable includes a sandy beach , a tropical climate ... RUSH : There 's going to be some severe turbulence when we contact the atmosphere . I 'll pass the word . Colonel , about our previous conversation ... - Rush , no need to apologize . - I wasn 't about to . I 'm trying to explain I was suffering from withdrawal symptoms ... Yeah , yeah , I know . I know all about it . Lot of , lot of work . Hello , there . Adam Brody is my name . Can I start again ? My name 's Adam Brody , as I said earlier . - Hello ... - ELI : Cut . Adam Brody , engineer . I like football , and I ... What ? Dude , this isn 't for a dating service . Yeah , I just ... I don 't know why that came out . I 'm just ... I don 't know why I 'm so nervous . ELI : No , no , it 's all good . It 's all good . What do we got ? We have your name , we have your job . What else is there ? - Oh , you 're 40-something , so ... - Thirty-six . ELI : Okay . We got that now . We 'll fix that in editing . All that 's left is what you want to say for posterity . I always knew I was going to die in space . From the moment I stepped through the stargate , I ... I mean , I didn 't expect this , but I knew something awful was going to happen . I just knew it . This is Young . We are expecting some atmospheric turbulence in a few minutes . Find a secure place and plunk your asses down . RILEY ON KINO : Whoa ! Don 't shoot . It 's me ! GREER : You can talk through that thing ? RILEY : Hey , I can talk through this thing ! - Riley asked me how to use ... - I asked him how the Kino works . Yeah , yeah . We took a wrong turn . I can and will kick your ass . YOUNG : Let 's do that later . We 're going to pass very close to a gas giant in a few minutes . It 's going to be a bumpy ride . We 're short on radios . Help me spread the word . - Yes , sir . - YOUNG : Thank you . He ... YOUNG : Wrong turn , really ? You going to stick to that story ? Go , help . Now . BRODY : Oh , my ... Ninety seconds to contact . - Come on , come on , come on . - I 'm coming ! Well , we don 't have much time . You 've seen planets from space . How could you let yourself get jaded to this stuff so fast ? I 'm not jaded . I 've just got other stuff on my mind . Oh ? Well , we 're just passing through the atmosphere of a gas giant on the far side of the universe in an Ancient spaceship . I 'm sure there 'll be other gas giants . Okay , okay , let 's go . Eli ! Can we please slow down ? Trust me , it 'll be worth it , okay ? I guess everybody had the same idea . Eli , it 's beautiful . Thirty seconds to contact . Hang on . No , no , no , I need everyone away from the walls . Away from the walls . The turbulence could break your back . Sit down . Hell of a ride , huh ? Yes . Yes , it was . Now , let 's find these planets you were talking about . There they are , dead ahead . Yes , we should be able to analyze the atmosphere of the nearest planet within a few hours . - Are we clear ? - Yes , sir . - Did you catch any of that ? - YOUNG : No , I couldn 't get back in time . - SCOTT : This is unbelievable . - Lieutenant , look at this . - SCOTT : You sure missed a great show , sir . - Please , everyone . Please , everyone be quiet ! Our trajectory has changed . - Oh , no . - JOHANSEN : Changed ? The planet has altered Destiny 's course more than we hoped . What are you talking about , Rush ? Lieutenant , what the hell 's he talking about ?
