 [ whoosh of gate opening ] [ distant hisses and creaks ] [ gasps and groans ] [ yelps ] All right , get out of the way , get out of the way ! Come here , come here . [ bodies and boxes tumble and crash ] Come on , come on , come on ! This is Scott , slow down the evac ! We are coming in too hot ! Colonel , come in ! My God , where are we ? [ shouts of pain and confusion ] Get them off the gate ! Look out ! Where are we ? Why didn 't we come through to Earth ? There was no time to explain ! Off to the side ! What 's going on ? [ clamor and panic , cries of pain ] This is Scott , come in ! Colonel , come in ! I need a medic ! Over here ! Can you move your fingers ? I think my arm 's broken . Okay , just hold your arm there , and we 'll put it in a sling , okay ? Ah ! [ clamour slows , voices echo dreamily ] [ echoing ] : Keep calm , keep calm . [ real-time speed resumes , soldiers grunt from impact ] Clear this area , there could still be more incoming ! Oof ! [ coughing ] Are you okay ? Yeah . Oh , God . Move ... Move ... Where 's Colonel Young ? He was right behind me . [ gas jets hiss and fume ] [ crowd screams in panic ] Move , move , move . Quiet ! Stay calm ! Excuse me ... Keep it down ! Move , move , move , move . Colonel ... Colonel ? Don 't move . Where ... where are we ? I don 't know , sir . Are you ... Sir ... You 're in charge , all right ? You 're ... Sir ... TJ ! I 'm coming ! Clear the crowd , people , coming through ! Let 's go , move , move , move ! [ clamor and shouting ] Is he okay ? I don 't know . Wallace ! What is this place ? Look , I ... I just did what Rush told me to ... Where is he ? I don 't know , he went through ahead of me . Rush ! Rush ! Eli , help me find him . [ stammering ] Well , I ... [ engines whine to life ] [ people shout in confusion ] [ engines drone and surge , then fade ] What in the hell was that ? I don 't know . Sergeant ... I need you to get these people settled , and you find out who and what we 've got . Nobody leaves this room . Yes , sir . Eli ! Now ! The Core of the planet is the power source . You have to channel it into the weapon to destroy the enemy ship . Can 't do it , dude . Uh , doin ' it . It 's one of those programmer 's jokes , a problem that can 't be solved . - Already solved it . - No , you didn 't . Just shut up ! And watch this ... What the hell ! What happened ? Noth ... nothing happened . I 'm back at the beginning of the level . - You 're so full of yourself . - No . No , no , no . It worked . The firing code locked in . Whatever . That was extremely unsatisfying . Eli Wallace ? Actually , uh , Eli 's not here right now ... [ stammers ] Okay , okay , whatever you guys think that I did , I swear , you 've got the wrong guy . Do I look like someone who would be standing here if I didn 't already know everything there is to know About you ? Yeah , not really . Right . Who are you ? Dr. Nicholas Rush . May we come in ? Why ? You 've spent a great deal of time recently playing an online fantasy game called " Prometheus . " Big brother 's got nothing better to do ? Last night , you solved the Dakara weapons puzzle . Yeah , a month of my life went into that . You know what happens when you solve that thing ? Nothing . We 're here . That happened . To complete that particular puzzle , you had to solve a millennia-old mathematical proof written in another life , for that , you 've won something of a prize . Well , whatever it is , I 'll take the cash equivalent . There isn 't one . It 's a non-disclosure agreement . Non-disclosure ? So you guys really embedded a top secret problem into a game hoping someone like me would solve it ? Yup . So , what do you need me for now ? I assure you , it 'll be worth your while to sign it . And if I don 't ? We 'll beam you up to our spaceship . [ laughs ] Right . Uh , I ... I think I want my lawyer to look over it first ... And by " lawyer , " I assume you mean " mother . " So we 'll just agree then that I will call you . [ whoosh ] What the ... Welcome aboard the Hammond , Eli . Yes , that is the planet Earth , and yes , you are on a spaceship . We need your help , Eli . To be honest , I don 't know how long it 's going to take . I should call my mom , uh ... tell her where I am . That 's probably not going to work up here . Right . You can speak to her on the way . There 's a cover story you 'll have to follow . I 'm sorry , um ... on the way to ... to another planet 21 light years from here . I can 't go . I ... I have things that - ... We know about your mother 's condition . Well , you just know everything , don 't you ? We also know you are currently unemployed , and that your mother 's medical coverage is ... an ongoing issue . We 'll see she gets the best available care while you 're gone . And if I don 't sign , what , you going to erase my memory ? [ chuckles ] Something like that . Can I get some pants ? I ... Hello , I 'm Dr. Daniel Jackson , and behind me is a stargate . It was originally built millennia ago by an alien race who we call " the ancients . " Over the next few hours , we 'll be touching on some of the things you need to know there are 39 symbols representing star constellations as seen from Earth when a connection is made between two stargates , an unstable energy vortex emerges from the gate ... Whoa ! ... and settles into the event horizon or " puddle " as we like to call it ... Later , it was discovered that using an eighth symbol would actually dial another galaxy in hundred of thousands of light years via an interstellar wormhole it is believed an unprecedented amount of power is required ... [ lecture starts to blur , and Jackson 's voice overlaps ] ... mysterious ninth chevron ... the first six symbols establish on a planet discovered two years ago ... the entire purpose of the project is to hopefully one day dial the nine chevron address found in the ancient database . Hi ! I 'm Dr. Daniel Jackson . Now , you 've heard the term " hyperspace " for years ... Where are you ? It 's top secret . Eli ! I 'm serious , ma . I can 't say anything more than that . I don 't understand . Why could you not at least tell me you were leaving ? I 'm sorry , but did you get the letter from ... Yeah , the air force , I got it . Are you in a plane now ? You sound like you 're in an airplane . Uh , no , it 's nothing like that . I want you to know that they 're going to look after you . You didn 't have to do this . This is good . Really , it 's the kind of thing I always dreamed of . Hi . You mind ? No , go ahead . Thank you . First time on a spaceship , too ? Me ? I 've been on lots of , uh ... various ... Eli Wallace . I know . You 've heard of me ? I have . Wow , that almost never happens . And you are ? Chloe . I work for Alan Armstrong . Senator of California . Oh , yeah , yeah . I have heard of California . [ laughs ] My last job was in the burger and fries field . How 'd you line that up ? I was a political science major at Harvard , so ... Mm , I hear it 's a good school . For a while there , I was at ... MIT . I know . Really ? What else have they told you about me ? What ? Uh , I 've seen this writing before . In the game ? Yeah . [ pushes button ] [ mechanism whirrs ] Sheesh ... We 're on a ship ? The Design is clearly ancient , in the truest sense of the word . Launched hundreds of thousands of years ago . Dr. Rush ? Faster than light , yet not through hyperspace . What are you doing ? Who knows how far it 's travelled . Dr. Rush ... we 've got a lot of wounded . We need to get home . [ clanking and thudding from ship 's mechanisms ] Lt. Scott , come in . Go ahead . We 've got a problem . One of the air vents just shut down in here . Copy that . Yeah , the air 's getting pretty thin in here , too . What does that mean ? That the life-support system is failing . We should probably do something about that . Well , it 's always just one more year . It 's a command . Where ? It 's a lot safer than other places I 've been . You 've put your time in , Everett . When this tour 's over , I promise ... You know what ? Never mind , don 't bother . You always end up choosing somewhere other than here . I am not choosing my job over you . How you can even say that to me ? [ voice echoes dreamily ] : I love you , but I can 't wait anymore ... [ dishes clatter ] Everett ? Are you okay ? Sweetheart , baby , look at me . [ hollow , echoing silence ] Colonel ? Colonel ? [ grunting and gasping ] Oh , my God ... Can 't you do something ? He 's having a seizure . There 's nothing I can do . [ wormhole whooshes open ] [ couple panting and moaning ] Scott , this is Colonel Young , come in please . [ gasping and shouting ] Our guests have arrived a few minutes early , Lieutenant , what 's your position ? No , not yet . Not yet . Lieutenant , drop whatever you 're doing and get your ass up here . I 'm on my way , sir . Bye . Holy ... Senator ... It is my honor to welcome you to Icarus base . Colonel . This is my executive assistant , Chloe . It 's a pleasure to meet you , sir . The pleasure 's mine . She 's also my daughter . You must be the ... Contest winner , yeah . That is a big gun . Rail gun . 500 rounds per minute . This is Lieutenant Scott . He 's been assigned to you , Mr. Wallace . Shall we go inside ? You could probably shave a few dollars off the budget just by turning the heat down . Actually cooling the place is what costs money , Sir . We 're here because the core of the planet generates so much power ... a lot of heat comes with that Eli : Do you ever get claustrophobic down here ? Scott : Safer than the surface Eli : Why ? Scott : Dinosaurs , man ! Eli : Really ? Scott : No . Unbelievable . Yeah , it is . It 's weird how fast you can start to take something like this for granted . So , if a stargate can instantly transport you to another planet , why did we fly here on a spaceship ? Something to do with how this one 's tied into the planet for power . Apparently , it 's been modified to only dial out because incoming wormholes are too dangerous . You 're the genius . You can probably tell me better . All I did was solve a puzzle in a video game . You figured out something Doctor Rush has been trying to figure out for months , which , by the way , a lot of people were glad to see . And , of course , you know Colonel Telford . Ready for this , Colonel ? You just give the word , sir . Oh , I gave it quite a while ago , Colonel . I 'm just here to see How my $ 1.6 billion is being spent . [ chuckling ] Very good ... Thank you , everyone . Dismissed . Now , as you know , up until now , we have been unable to channel the precise amount of power necessary to unlock the stargate 's ninth and final chevron . However , thanks to some ingenuity from Young Mr. Wallace here , that problem has finally been solved . We 've heard that before . This time we 're sure . That 's what I figured out ? I embedded the mathematical problem we had to solve into the game . I then engineered your solution into a practical , workable application . What say we get on with it ? Absolutely . Sergeant Riley ... Chevron one encoded . Sir ... [ gate creaks and clanks as it dials ] We 're dialing now ? A test , to see if we can make a connection ... Chevron one locked . If we do , we 'll send an automated reconnaissance drone through . We 'll see what 's on the other side . Chevron two locked . And then they 'll go ? No , first , we close down again , assess the data we receive , and then perhaps send the away team . If it works . Chevron four locked ... Until then , they 're just interested observers like us . Chevron five locked . Chevron six encoded . Chevron six locked . Chevron seven encoded . [ clanking ] Chevron seven locked . [ beeping ] Chevron eight encoded . Chevron eight locked . Chevron nine encoded . [ electricity sparking ] W ... what 's going on ? I don 't know , we never got this far before . [ banging and clanging from machinery ] Chevron nine ... Chevron nine ... Will not lock . We matched the power requirements down to the EMU . It must work . Power levels in the gate capacitors are going into the red . Shut it down . No , wait , wait , wait ... We 're reading fluctuations in the output from the Core ... Shut it down now . [ power winds down ] It should have worked . Well , it didn 't , and drawing power from the planet 's core is ... Dangerous , yes , we 're all aware of that ... regardless of what 's been spent or what 's at stake , my first priority is to ensure the safety of the people on this base . Of course . Eli ... We 'd best run through your equations again . You 'll excuse me . You are not seriously putting this on me ? Not my fault . People , you have to calm down . Seriously , you have to calm down ... [ systems power up ] [ applause from crowd ] Yeah , we got power ! Can I have everybody 's attention , please ? [ clamor continues unabated . All right , please listen ! Hey , listen up ! What is going on ? We 're on an ancient spaceship . What ? That 's all I 've got . Now , what that means is ... It means we need to use the stargate to get us all back home . That is definitely on the list of things to do , sir , but I think right now ... you can consider that an order ... We are working on it , sir . Hey , I need to speak to the person responsible for this . Where is Dr. Rush ? Just shut up for a second , will you ? How dare you talk to me ... Dad ? Dad , please ... Water ? Over here ... Sit down . My pills ... [ coughing and gasping ] Look , I 'm sorry . I 'm just trying to explain the situation . We are on a ship , but we have no idea where we are in relation to Earth . Now , with respect , sir , the reason you might be having a hard time breathing right now , is because the ship 's life-support system is not functioning properly . [ murmurs of panic ripple through crowd ] Dr. Rush is working on that right now . [ murmuring increasing ] Brody and Park ? - Here ! - Here . Okay , good , you two are with me . But these consoles just came on . No . Nobody touch anything yet . Dr. Rush needs your help . Everybody else ... just stay calm , stay put . Please . Stay put ? Wait , what do you mean , you 're just going like that ? There has to be a mistake in here somewhere . Seriously , who uses a whiteboard anymore ? You have computers , like , everywhere around here . Power flow was in the target range . Why wouldn 't the address connect ? Wrong address ? There is only one , found in the ancient database on Atlantis . With no other instructions . No , but that 's not the issue . It has to be your proof . My proof works . You know how I know that it does ? Because you said so . Gentlemen , how 's it coming ? [ scoffs ] Whoa , whoa , what are you doing ? - Starting from the beginning . - Wait ! Save , save , save ! - I can 't ... - Mr. Wallace , I would like you to join me for dinner in the officer 's mess . Thank you ! I 'm starving ... We 're quite close to a breakthrough , actually . I 'd like Eli to keep working . Well , we 've been here for six months . It can wait a few more hours . Thank you . You 're welcome . So , er , tell me . What 's it like when you finally go through the gate ? When you go through the gate you don 't really feel it . The moment you break through the atmosphere in that 302 and see the stars ... . ... that 's incredible Wow , that sounds so amazing Could I go for a ride sometime ? I can arrange that . So , uh , Colonel , you really have no idea where this ninth chevron stargate address is going to send you ? No idea at all . Hmm . But the Ancients built the stargate with nine chevrons . It 's got to go somewhere . We 've also known for some time that the only way to unlock the ninth chevron was to solve the power issues . Well , if anyone 's going to solve it , I think Eli will . Yes , that 's right . It 's true ... I am math boy . [ giggles ] Dr. Rush ... Dr. Rush ! I would like to propose a toast . Oh , no , that 's really not necessary . - Not to you . - Oh . When the proposal for this project first crossed my desk , I did not want to approve it . Oh , my God ... It seemed clear to me at the time that there were enough terrestrial matters of importance that needed that kind of money . Now , being a proud father of a beautiful young woman is one thing . Having that young woman exceed every possible expectation is quite another . [ opera plays on stereo ] It was my daughter , Chloe , who reminded me that there was no greater endeavor than seeking an understanding of who we are and the mysteries of the universe in which we all exist . [ whispering ] : Not in those exact words . It was also her idea to embed the ancient proof in a medium that would give us access to brilliant young minds that we would have otherwise overlooked . And so , to all the brave men and women who have volunteered ... [ distant explosion ] Okay , what was that ? [ intercom crackles ] This is Young . [ louder , closer explosion ] The base is under attack . All non-combatant personnel report to your designated areas , everyone else to your battle stations . This is not a drill . Senator , I need you and your daughter to go with Lieutenant Scott . - Eli , you as well . - Oh , yeah , uh ... [ murmuring in concern ] [ argument in process ] What 's going on in here ? The life-support system is on , but for some reason , it 's not working properly . I 'm attempting to reset it . He has no idea what he 's doing . Step away from that thing . That screen says that what you 're doing is going to overload it ... - Eli , please ! - Is that what it says or not ? You only think you know what it says in this screen because I embedded a rudimentary version of the ancient language into the game . This is not a game . Don 't touch it , Rush . When the oxygen aboard this ship falls below critical level , It will become increasingly difficult to concentrate . What you 're doing could blow the whole ship . Are you sure , Eli ? Back off now , or I will shoot ! Lower your weapon , Sergeant ! He already screwed us once . I 'm not going to let him do it again ! I need to get through , people . Stand aside . [ alarms wail ] Sergeant , we 're under attack . Don 't know who , don 't know why . Consider the charges dropped . Go take your anger out on them . Yes , sir . What do we got , Colonel , lucian alliance ? That would be my guess . They haven 't introduced themselves . They started shooting the minute they came out of hyperspace . Our shields are holding , but we 're not the target . What 's heading our way ? A full squadron of gliders and a troop transport . We cut them down some , but the rest will be on your doorstep in less than three minutes . Telford , did you copy ? Roger that . If we can get to the transport before they land their troops , we stand a chance ... I am going to press that button . It 's going to fix the life-support , and then you and I and everyone else will be able to breathe and think much better . No , you can shoot me for that if you like If however there are any negative consequences ... you still need me [ whispers ] : Don 't do it . Okay , look , Sergeant ... I know we are in a tough situation here , but I am giving you an order . Lower your weapon . So ? Well , I suppose that would have been too simple . Apparently , that did nothing . This may take a little more time , TJ . Hang in there . Copy . Does Colonel Young know about this ? He knows . Two weeks ago , you told me that this was the best experience of your life . Something must have happened . The scholarship came in . I guess I 've just been too afraid to admit what I really want . Well , you didn 't tell me you had even applied . There 's nothing else going on . You know I 'd tell you . Unless you were protecting someone ... I 'm not . Like I said , I just hadn 't made up my mind . [ rapid gunfire and explosions ] [ alerts beep ] Dr. Rush ? I 'm reading a dangerous energy spike in the core . Eli ... Eli , I need your help . With what ? The ninth chevron . What ? We need to get the hell out of here ! Look , it took us two years to find this site . The properties are unique . This may be our last chance . [ explosion rumbles ] If this bombardment continues , the radioactive core 's going to go critical . Y ... you mean the planet , it ... it 's going to explode ? Yes . Okay , okay , okay , um , um ... If my math works ... - We can 't assume that ... - I said " if . " Then if it works , then it 's not a power supply issue , it 's the gate address . We 've known the first eight symbols for years . The ninth has to be the point of origin . So , what if we 're not on the planet you 're supposed to be dialing from ? This is where we are . Okay , what if we are not supposed to be here ? Icarus base , Telford . We can 't hold ' em back . [ soldiers shouting ] Let 's go ! Go ! Fall further back ! Sergeant Riley , dial the stargate to Earth ! Take cover ! Come on , come on . [ explosion rumbles ] [ stargate dialing ] [ Riley ] : Chevron one locked ... Okay , follow me , the symbols on the stargate are constellations as seen from Earth , that 's what you said ... Yes , yes ... Okay , so , what if Earth is supposed to be the point of origin ? The only viable power source was here , light years away . What if that doesn 't matter ? What if it 's the only combination that will work , like a code . A code ? Yeah . Chevron four encoded ... Stop the dialing sequence . I have my orders . Get out of my way , get out of the way ! We can 't risk dialing Earth . [ beep , stargate dialing ] [ alerts wail ] Come on , let 's go . [ coughing ] [ crowd clamoring in panic ] [ explosion rumbles closer ] [ gasps ] Dad ? Dad ! Chloe ! Dad ! My father ! There could still be people trapped on the other side . All right , let 's go , people ! You need to move it to the gate-room ! This is Scott . I got about a dozen or so people cut off from the gate-room , south-east corridor . Oh my God , what happened ? He was helping pull wounded back from the surface Young : Greer , we 're pulling back Greer : A lot of people still out there sir Young : The Hammond 's already started beaming anyone pinned down on the surface Greer : Somebody has to make sure ! Sergeant listen to me I have people cut off from the gate room The base is shielded , so the Hammond can 't help them I need you here NOW Go Oh , God . Dammit ... [ col . Young ] : Oh , my God . Is that Dr. Simms ? Stay with me , okay ? He was helping pull people back from the surface . [ sniffling ] Simms , can you hear me ? TJ ... TJ- - No ! Hey , Tamara ... Hey ... Tamara ... Come on , we got to go . [ chevrons locking ] That is impressive . Power 's fluctuating at critical levels . [ alerts wail ] Colonel , I 'm detecting a massive build-up of energy from the planet ! Recall our fighters . Radio Colonel Telford he 's got two minutes to get his people aboard before we jump to hyperspace ! [ explosions rumbling ] What 's everybody doing ? I ordered an evacuation ! He didn 't dial Earth . It 's the ninth chevron address . What ? The attack started a chain reaction in the planet 's core , there 's no way of stopping that , and any blast could easily translate through an open wormhole . It 's too dangerous to dial Earth . You could have dialed somewhere else , anywhere else . - This is our only chance ... - Shut it down . - We can 't , it 's too late ... - Riley ! System 's not responding , sir . I need to get these people out of here . We have a way out . We don 't know what 's on the other side ! Dammit , Rush ! Can 't be worse than here , can it ? [ explosions rumble ] Nobody move ! Await further instructions . What 's that ? Well , it doesn 't look like life-support . I realize that . Whoa ... what are we looking at ? It 's a star map . That 's the milky way . I believe it 's a visual log of the ship 's journey . So this is where we are now ? No . That 's where the ship originally embarked from . Earth . It 's leaving the galaxy . It did . Long ago . That was Pegasus . So those points are more stars ? No , they 're galaxies . Rush ... Where the hell are we ? Several billion light years from home . Scott ... Stand clear . You could take down the rest of the roof with that . We don 't have time to argue . I need you to lead the evacuees through the gate . You need to go with him . No , I ... I 'm staying here until I know my father 's okay . Make sure everyone carries as much of the expedition supplies as they can . Why ? 'Cause you 're not going to Earth . Rush dialed the ninth chevron . Go . Go ! [ explosions rumble louder , closer ] Once I 'm through , follow one at a time on a three-count ! Okay , people . Make way . You good ? Okay , let 's go . If you can hear me , stand back ! Okay , get down . Fire in the hole ! [ explosion rocks , Chloe yelps ] Dad ? Dad ? Put your weight on me ... Keep calm , everybody . I got you . Please ... [ explosion shatters and Sparks ] Everybody , stay calm ! Don 't push ! Oh ! [ gulps and holds his breath ] Dad ! Ah ! Careful , careful ... You 're okay , sir . Are you okay ? I 'm the last one . I 'm all right . Greer , go . I 'm right behind you . Hammond , this is Young , come in . Hammond , this is Young . Come in . Let 's go , let 's go , let 's go , come on , people . Let 's do it , let 's do it . Sir ! Go ! Sir ... We 've got Colonel Carter . On screen . General , we barely got away . The planet was destroyed . We managed to beam most of our people off the surface before jumping to hyperspace . We also believe That the enemy forces were destroyed . Any word on how they gained intel on our base ? No . What about casualties ? 12 . 80-plus M.I.A. The Bunker-shielding technology prevented us from beaming out anyone inside . How many people made it through the gate to Earth ? None . None ? Our sensors indicated that the stargate was active for a full six minutes before the Core went critical . Well , they didn 't come through here . Then where 'd they go ? Rae : Senator I 'm Camille Rae . I believe that as the highest ranking member of the International Oversight Advisory ... . Rae , you 're with human resources ? With the IOA , yes Don 't worry , I 'm going to get things organised Do we have any idea how long the air will last ? No Sir , Doctor Rush and the other scientists are working on that - That 's not good enough , we need answers . As soon as I have them sir . Okay , listen up ! Everybody who is able , we are going to search this ship top to bottom . Teams of three . Weapons ? 23 , including handguns . One per group ? Yeah . Flashlights , radios ... only when necessary . Once those batteries are dead , they are dead . Regular check-ins with Dr. Rush in the control room every 10 minutes , and keep in mind , as far as we know , this bucket is really freakin ' old , and there may be areas of damage where life-support is unstable , and , look , be smart , okay ? Don 't touch anything that looks like it might be dangerous . How are we supposed to know what 's dangerous ? Becker , right ? Yes , sir . I work in the mess . I mean , I did . Well , don 't touch , just look . You 're , uh ... you 're James , right ? Yes , Lieutenant . You and Riley are with me . Subtle , man , Subtle ... [ Scott ] : If it 's okay with you , sir , it might be best , given your obvious skills , if you could hang back here , help keep the rest of these people calm . Don 't patronize me , son . No , sir . Any progress ? The life support system activated automatically when we dialled the ship ... Probably emergency reserves . But only in certain sections . The reserve is gone . Life support 's been breaking down , section by section , ever since . Resetting it doesn 't help I asked if there 's any progress . Unless something changes , we only have about 6 to 8 hours of air left . OK let me put this another way Has anyone got any good news ? I think I 've figured out the menu system . Try to find a schematic or map . " Google Spaceship " ! Hye , I don 't suppose you have any food in the pack , I 'm starving . No , keep working . Where are you going ? To find a bathroom . Yeah , that would be good too . General , we apparently have a connection in the lab . Doctor Rush would like to see you . General O 'Neill I 'm reporting to you from an ancient spaceship far ... Just slow down , back up . Who 's with you ? Several dozen , I 'm not sure , but the point is ... I did it . I made the connection to the ninth chevron address . You were supposed to be evacuating non-combat personnel , to Earth ! Col Young gave that order , yes . I overrode that decision . - Did you now ! If you 'd let me explain , sir . Dialling Earth was not an option . The core of the planet had become unstable ... and if the resulting blast had transfered through the wormhole to Earth The effect would have been catastrophic . O 'Neill : So , let me get this straight Instead of dialling up any one of a number of planets in our galaxy ... You took a bunch of unqualified people halfway across the universe ! I took what I thought was our final chance to dial the ninth chevron I was successful . At the point the gate could not be shut down again . Rush , get those people home . Are you all right ? I 'm solid , Lieutenant . I 'm trained for this . Look , I ... I didn 't mean to ... Look , not now . How exactly do we know that this ship is unoccupied ? Rush said that the air came on just before we got here . How about aliens who don 't breathe air ? Rush , this is Scott , come in . Rush , this is Scott , come in . Hello . This is Eli . Where 's Rush ? Uh , bathroom , if he found it . Uh , I 'm at what looks like a bulkhead door . It won 't open . I was hoping Rush could open it from there . Should I find him ? No . Here , give me a hand . What happened to being smart ? This could be the engine room for all we know . We got to at least open a few doors . Do we ? Do we really ? Hang on . No , keep doing what you 're doing . I think I found where you are . The door is flashing red . Can you open it from there ? Red is usually bad , isn 't it ? Maybe it means the door is stuck . Just try it . Okay . You should probably step back . [ air whooshing out ] Whoa , whoa , whoa , not good ! Not good , more red , uh ... Close it ! - Close it now ! - I 'm trying ! Yeah , okay , we established why that hatch was closed . Yeah . A lot of others are closed for the same reason . We 're only occupying a fraction of the ship right now . It goes on forever , but if there are damaged areas of the ship That aren 't sealed , that could be our problem . Oh , hey , good timing . We just found ... hey ... Really ? This is Dr. Rush . Meet me in the gateroom immediately . Everyone . [ murmurs ripple through crowd ] What 's going on ? In this case There are five ancient communication stones . They work over vast distances In real time . We can talk to the people on Earth . Yes . [ murmurs of excitement ] You physically take control of an individual at the other end . I brought these with us in the event we ended up somewhere out of range of normal communication . So let 's use them . [ murmurs of assent ] I already have . [ murmurs of surprise ] Are they sending help ? No . Why ? Why are they not sending help ? The only means of dialing this gate from our galaxy was destroyed in the attack . We 're cut off . I want to use one of those stones now . I have spoken with General O 'Neill ... I am a United States Senator ! I 've explained our situation clearly . In light of my knowledge and experience , he has placed me in charge . He did what ? [ loud murmurs of outrage ] I have faith in our ability to repair the ship , and to work together , but if we 're to survive this , we need leadership and a clear chain of command . We only have a few hours of air left . I want to speak to the General myself . - Senator , please . - Give it to him ! [ angry shouts of agreement ] [ gasps in pain ] [ groaning ] Dad ? Dad ! Whoa , whoa , whoa ... TJ ? Excuse me , excuse me . Okay ... Okay , he 's still breathing . Oh , my God ! I saw him taking some pills ? Warfarin , for his heart . Blood-thinners are the last thing he needs if he 's bleeding internally . Um ... Please do something ! Look , I told you , I 'm just a medic ... Everyone , please , there 's no need for us all to congregate in the one place . Ms. Johansen , please find adequate accommodation for the injured , and everyone else ... No , I don 't recognize your authority , Dr. Rush ... We have found quarters nearby much more comfortable ... as an IOA representative , I think you need to ... Please go there , and stay there until you 're asked to do something useful . Something useful ? We do not want to settle in ! We want to get back ! Right ? [ shouts of agreement ] We should be working on getting home . Exactly . I 'm not sure if that 's even possible . What ? You haven 't even tried ! Maybe you should actually do something instead of standing around talking about being in charge . If that 's even true . Everybody ! Everyone , calm down ! Now , the fact is , Colonel Young put me in charge , and I expect all SG personnel to follow my orders ! As for the rest of you , you get out of line , we will lock you down . Now , Dr. Rush is right about a couple things . First off , we all have to work together ... and second of all , we don 't all have to stay here , so let 's ... let 's move out . Come on , move . It 's okay . [ murmurs of agreement ] you heard him ... [ sighs heavily ] I think we need you ... so I 've got your back for now , but if I were you , I would find some way to dial that gate back to Earth . I 've got some testing equipment over here . Looks broken . We 'll get back to that . What about all these ancient crates ? If it 's not ours , don 't touch it . Did no one think of labeling anything ? Every case has a bar Code . All right , anyone find a bar Code reader ? Guess that got left behind along with the food and water . Uh-uh , we got food . Yeah , protein bars , and this powdered stuff . Look , everybody . Seeds ? Volker , you 've got to be kidding . I got a case of blank paper . Maybe we should start a suggestion box . What are you staring at ? You were in detention . Yeah . For good reason . What did you want him to do , leave me there ? Of course not . I was just wondering what to do about it now . That 's not up to you . We 'll see . No , no , no . Don 't do it . [ static crackles from comm ] Greer , I need you to help check for any open bulkhead doors that lead to damaged parts of the ship . Rush will direct you . Copy . [ Rush ] : There should be an elevator directly ahead . Copy that . Are you there yet ? This is Scott . Radio silence , please . Hey ... Hey . What 's going on ? We almost lost you . You were thrown clear across the room . [ groaning ] : Where are we ? Sir ... [ weakly ] : Where are we ? We 're on a ship . It 's ancient . Rush says it 's thousands of years old , and we 're pretty far off into the universe . What 's he doing to get us home ? He says he 's working on it , but we have bigger problems . The life-support system isn 't working properly . If we can 't get it fixed , there 's not much time . You should also know that he used the communication stones to contact Earth , and he said General O 'Neill put him in charge . I don 't think so . I don 't think ... oh ... Sir , you shouldn 't be trying to get up just yet , okay ? I don 't think I have a choice , TJ . I can 't feel my legs . - Whoa , jeez ! - Whoa ! What is that thing ? Come here , I 'll show you . It 's a ... it 's a camera . It 's a flying camera . I 'm calling it a kino , you know , after the Russian ... Yeah ... Well , I figure maybe we can use it to check out the damaged areas of the ship . - That 's good . - Yeah . That 's good . Where 's it going now ? Oh , I don 't know , it 's just doing its thing , but there 's lots more of ' em . [ chuckles ] Yeah , it 's cool . Yeah ! Do you want one ? It 's not a gumball machine , Eli . Okay . Okay ! Okay , so you figured out where they keep the kinos , what else have you figured out ? Give me a break , man . This is my second spaceship , and my first was yesterday . I know . Icarus was my first sgc assignment after training . I haven 't been at this much longer than you have . Huh ... Did they beam you out of your house ? No , you got me there . Got any food on you ? No . Tylenol ? Headache ? Yeah . Me too . Neuroproaxia is a temporary paralysis that can follow a concussive injury . You don 't know ? You 'd need an mri and a qualified doctor who knows how to read it to know for sure if there 's spinal damage . We don 't have either . Hopefully , it 's just the nerves in shock . Best I can do is insist that you remain still . Your tour was over two weeks ago . You should be in some classroom in San Diego . Seattle . That 's where my scholarship was . I 'm sorry . That part 's not your fault . Tell Rush I want to see him . Yes , sir . What 's that ? Flying camera ball . I 'm calling it a kino ... Don 't ask . That 's marvellous . It comes with a remote . I thought we could use it to look around . What do you have ? Uh , well , it 's not so good , really . These processing nodes are scrubbers , responsible for cleaning co2 from the air . Here , here , and here . It 's indicating malfunctioned . Others are failing . Greer , this is Scott . I 'm heading for the gateroom . Meet me there . Look , I 'm just saying that she better stay out of my face . I 'll remind her of your personal space issues next chance I get Dr. Rush ? Colonel Young wants to see you right away . There should be a kind of grate covering the node . [ latch beeps ] [ goo slops ] [ Rush ] : What do you see ? A problem . We see a very big problem . What happened ? You collapsed . We brought you here . What 's going on ? I 'm not sure . I 've been here with you . You need to know what 's happening , Chloe . This is important . Dad , I was worried about you . Okay . And I 'm scared . One step at a time , Honey . One step at a time . [ winces ] My pills ... No , daddy , you can 't take any more of those . Your ribs are badly bruised . You will bleed internally . If I don 't take those pills , a bruise is going to be the least of my problems . I know . Don 't worry about me . Go . Find out what 's going on out there . No , I want to be here with you . And I want you here , but right now , I want to know what 's going on just a little bit more . I 'll be here when you get back . Okay . Okay . What 's going on ? I don 't know , man . The air filter 's full of crap . Come on , They want us to keep looking . Let 's go . All right , okay . [ device beeps ] Alkaline . Everyone 's heart rates are elevated , people are reporting headaches , it has to be . What ? The used-up residue of whatever magic compound the ancients used to scrub co2 from the air . So now we have two big problems relating to the life-support . Our first priority must be to seal off any of the leaks . If we can manage that , then we can maybe buy ourselves a day or so before the build-up of co2 kills us . As it stands , how much time do we have ? I don 't know . Couple of hours at most . [ barks a laugh ] Awesome . Brody , there was some medical-grade soda lime in the supply manifest ? It never made it . That 's a pity . Well ... in a ship this old ... there 's bound to be systems past their designed life . Okay , let 's say we find the leaks . Can you fix this ? I doubt this stuff can be cooked off . Perhaps if there were stores of this substance in a clean form , or something else capable of co2 sequestration , calcium carbonate , lithium hydroxide , then yes , " if . " Okay , well , that 's not going to matter because you 're going to get the gate dialed back to Earth before this becomes an issue , Rush , right ? Lieutenant ... That 's the kind of thing you 're taught to say in officer training presumably for the benefit Of those that don 't know any better . [ whispers ] : Please . What makes you think I won 't try ? Looks like a mess Lots of stuff to put food on . But no food . Greer , I found what looks like a shuttle . Looks like there are two shuttles attached to individual docking sleeves . We 're all going to die . Shut up , Franklin . I 'm just saying what everyone 's got to be thinking . I said , shut up , or else you 're going to be first . This the door ? Yeah , yeah , that 's it . Can you close it ? It won 't close . We can 't close it from here , either . There 's something wrong with the mechanism . I think I found the leak . There 's another door on the back of the shuttle , but there 's no control . Then maybe we can close it off locally . The shield keeping the air inside is obviously not 100 percent effective . It probably wasn 't designed to compensate for the amount of damage the ship has sustained . Is there a way of boosting it ? At least in the areas we need it ? We haven 't found a way yet . It seems to be operating at maximum capability . [ door hisses closed ] [ coughing and struggling to breathe ] Open the door ! Well , that 's not good . That 's very good , sir , a very good sign . I don 't have time for this , do I ? Two problems . We 're venting atmosphere from a damaged shuttle , and even if we could seal it off , the life-support system in this ship is past its expiration date . We 'll build up co2 to lethal levels within a day . Well , that explains the headache . You already had one . They 'll find a way , that 's what these people do . Well , most of these people aren 't even supposed to be here . How did the ship get damaged ? We don 't know . It certainly looks like it 's been through a battle , at least the parts we can access . We 're still cut off from most of the ship . It 's huge . They tried jamming something into the shuttle doorway to keep it open long enough to let the person inside get out ... but it just opens again . Some sort of safety mechanism . Like an elevator . Rush says he can 't override it . How long do we have right now ? As it stands ... Rush says if we don 't get it closed ... we 've got just over an hour . Bad air 's better than no air . Guess a day 's better than an hour . Someone 's got to go in there and close this door . My head is pounding . Heartbeat has accelerated . It 's getting harder and harder to breathe , as our very lives are being vented out into space . That is going to get old very fast . This needs to be documented . No one 's going to see that . How do you know ? We made it here . Someone else could , too . If we die , maybe this can help them to find out what happened to us . Yeah , well , we 're not dead yet . [ quietly ] : I 'm starting to have slightly blurred vision ... - Eli ! - What ? ! So how are we going to decide who ? I assume we 're not going to get any volunteers . What 's another day going to buy us ? Time ... to find a way to survive . May I see the list ? I marked the names of anyone injured . Right . We have to find out peoples ' skills , background , experience ... Doesn 't take any special skills to die from asphyxiation ! Look , what I 'm saying is , it shouldn 't be someone with potentially valuable knowledge , or abilities we might need to help us survive beyond this . Are you really suggesting what I think ... Doc , half the people on this ship already want to kill you . I don 't care . You can 't ask someone to sacrifice themselves , period ! Politicians ask military personnel to sacrifice themselves for the good of others all the time . If someone doesn 't go in there and close that door , we 're all going to die . Period . Franklin is still working at the airlock controls locally , but it doesn 't look good , sir . Camile 's explaining the situation to everyone else on board . I 'll do it . Sir ? This isn 't the kind of thing I can ask somebody else to volunteer for . If we 're going to make it past this , We 're going to need you , sir . I don 't know about that . You 're doing a pretty good job without me , lieutenant . Yeah ? Well , look at the mess we 're in . If that 's not proof that we need you , then ... Look , I 'm not sure anyone should do it . I don 't want someone sacrificing themselves for me . I say we figure this out together while we still have time , or we all die trying . I want you to both listen to me . It needs to be done , and I 'm doing it . Look , sir , you can barely stand . Help me . Look , the paralysis is temporary , you know that now . You will recover ... Lieutenant , I need your help . No , sir . I gave you an order . I know . You can have me court-martialled when we get home , but I am not going to help you kill yourself . My father 's not in his room . We 'll find him . He does not leave this room . He can 't have gotten far . I told him what was going on . Greer , this is Scott , come in . Greer ... Greer , do you read ? Senator Armstrong is missing . He may be headed your way . He 's here . He 's got a gun . I don 't want to shoot you . I don 't think you want to shoot me . Get out of the way . Just give me a little more time . Let me try and fix this . I don 't have much . [ eli ] : Guys , I 'm not seeing any change , whatever you just tried , It 's not working ! The problem 's obviously mechanical . You can 't fix it . Tell me what to do . Dad , no , wait ! Dad , no ! No ! No ! No ... [ heavily muffled pleading ] Open the door ! Open the door , please ! I can 't ! [ crying ] : Please open the door ... He was dead on his feet . Dad , no ! [ crying ] : Please open the door ... [ sobbing ] : No ... Eli ! Not him ! There 's nothing I can do for him here . Help him ! Open the door , please ! [ sobbing uncontrollably ] No ! [ crying ] : No ... No ... [ sobbing ] He can 't leave me ... Chloe ... Chloe ! Well , at least he bought us a day . [ shouting in rage ] You ! You did this ! You killed him ! You 've killed all of us ! Chloe , stop ! Little help here ... Hey , hey , relax . Hey , hey , Chloe ... Just get away from me ! All of you ! M ... Miss Armstrong ... You 're in shock . Believe me , I understand . Everyone deals with tragedy in different ways . You 're looking for someone to blame . I 'm not looking . Hey ... I 'm sorry about your father . I truly am . He was a good man , and he certainly wouldn 't have been my choice , but you must realize , none of this was my fault . I didn 't create the situation that forced us here . There was no other way . [ crying ] Miss Armstrong ... I know you don 't want to hear this just now , but ... but this ship ... this ship could be the most important discovery mankind has made since the stargate itself . You know the Icarus project was something your father truly believed in , enough to risk his career to support . What difference does it make if we all die ? A number of people died during the attack on the base . Some of them I knew very well . I 'm sure some had more value than others . As human beings , all of them were invaluable . Look , my point is , I promise you , I will do everything I can to make sure no one gave their life in vain . No one . Please give me a chance . Colonel ... we 've lost Senator Armstrong . Oh , my God . He 's bought us some time . To do what ? We 're working on it . First up is trying to dial the gate back home . Should you even be on your feet ? No . Well , I am on my feet , and right now we 're trying to get home . Camile , I need your help . You know these people . I need you to spread the word . Try to keep things as positive as you can . I can do that . Good . I can 't believe my dad is gone . I watched him die , and I still just can 't accept it . Tell me about him . Why ? Man died so I could live . I 'd like to know a little more about him . No matter how tired he was , or how long he 'd worked , or what was going on in his life , he always had time to listen to me . I 'd go on and on . He never preached . He never told me what to do , even though sometimes I wished he would . He would just listen , and then he would tell me that he loved me . The best part was if I 'd had a fight with my mom . He never took sides . [ chuckles softly ] Oh , God . My mom ... He was her whole life . She probably thinks we 're both dead . All I know is that he wanted you to go on . I know . I got to get back to the search . You going to be okay ? I don 't know . Fair enough . What ? What are you doing ? I ... just watched a man die . Okay ? Don 't you even care ? Of course I do , And I 'm also trying learn as much as I can , as quickly as I can . That is , in addition to running nine separate searches in the database in the hope of solving our life-support issues . Right . Found anything ? Destiny . As in ours ? The name of the ship . Translated from ancient . I 've also learned that they were never here . I thought this was an ancient ship . It is , but they sent it out unmanned , planning to use the gate to get here when it was far enough out into the universe , but they probably learned to ascend before that time . Learned to what ? Ascension . It 's a process Whereby consciousness converts to energy that no longer requires physical form . That wasn 't in the video . Well , there 's more than one video . We should get back to work . Sorry . Sir , I think I got it . It wasn 't even that hard to find . It 's right here in the dialing program . You 're sure ? Yes , it 's an eight-symbol address . You mean you can dial this thing back to Earth ? There 's no point of origin indicated , but still , there 's only 36 symbols on this gate . I 'm assuming the ninth symbol represents some x-factor distance equation . Well , I don 't care . Start dialing . Sir , don 't we want to bring Dr. Rush in on this ? Well , you said this wasn 't that hard to find ? No . Well , then he probably already knows and didn 't tell us . Who is this " Lucian Alliance " anyway ? Where did that come from ? I just want to know who to blame for this . They are a human coalition , made up from various Milky Way planets formed in the power vacuum when the Goa 'uld were defeated Criminals , mostly . A street gang with starships . How did they find out about Icarus ? Wasn 't it supposed to be double secret ? I suspect there was a leak somewhere . Someone working on the inside . The legend surrounding the ninth chevron has been floating around our galaxy for some time now . We 've found that it meant various things to different cultures . Some said it was a key to the Universe itself and once unlocked , you could gain untold power . Now , if the Lucian Alliance knew that we 'd discovered the address and the means to dial it , they would want it . This ship , source of untold power ? Not literally . It 's more to do with what it 's doing . The information it 's capable of gathering . Eli : If you know how to use it . Rush : Yeah . That 's what you 're after , isn 't it ? Why you risked everything to get here . You think this ship is going to make you all-powerful , or something crazy like that . Eli ... . If I could find a way to send all these people home safely and then return with a properly skilled team to pursue this mission , as intended why wouldn 't I want to do that ? I don 't know . Ah . Now turn that thing off . You saw that ? [ alert starts to beep ] Oh , no , no , no , no ... What ? Someone 's dialing the gate . Colonel Young ... You 're up . Nice to see you , too , Rush . I did order you to report to me . What are you doing ? We 're trying to dial Earth . That would be a mistake . Riley thinks he 's found the address for home . His understanding of ancient is marginal at best . With respect , doctor , I know enough to recognize a reference to Earth . He says the address wasn 't that hard to find , Rush . No , no , this is a complete waste of power we may need . We have the address back , all we need is the right point of origin . And we 've got 36 tries . We barely have enough power to operate the main systems . This ship simply doesn 't have the capability to dial Earth . You see , that 's news to me . He didn 't tell me that either . Well , I 've only just learned myself , and you know what I 've been doing . Even if it doesn 't work , the people aboard this ship need to see us at least try . So , what , you 're going to drain what little power we have for the sake of morale ? How ridiculous . [ ships groans and clanks ] What was that ? Anyone near the observation deck ? Colonel ... it looks like we 've dropped out of FTL . Because we were draining power ? No , no . If I 'm right , the gate should begin to dial any moment . How did you know that ? The ship detected a stargate on a planet within range that may have what need . What ? How the hell are there even stargates out here ? The ancients sent out a number of unmanned ships ahead of this one . They 're programmed to gather data , resources , to manufacture stargates , and deposit them in habitable worlds . Any relevant information is relayed back here to help plot the course . You 're telling me that this ship knows we 're in trouble ? Yes , because I told it we were . Essentially , we 're flying on auto-pilot . This ship may have stopped when it was within range of a stargate regardless of our need , but I have reason to believe ... So , what we need is on the other side of that wormhole . An educated guess , yes . There 's only one way to find out . Sir , you can 't do that . We have no idea what 's on the other side . We can use the kino to find out . I expect that 's the purpose of this device . I 'm getting readings over here . What have we got ? Temperature , gravity , atmosphere composition , barometric pressure ... oxygen nitrogen , very little co2 , Extremely low humidity . Habitable , but just barely . Good enough . Looks like four other addresses came up here , too . They could be other planets within range . Maybe we should think about dialing them up and seeing ... No , no , they 're locked out . The ship chose this one . The stargate is open , all we have to do is step through . What we have to do is put a team together . Dr. Rush ... looks like our time might be limited . What is it ? It 's a countdown . Just over 12 hours left . What happens then ? I suspect We jump back into FTL . [ shutter snaps ] Palmer is a geologist . Obviously , she should go . Franklin and Brody are the best of the rest of what we have . Thanks for the ringing endorsement . He didn 't even mention me . Franklin goes , the others stay . We 're still going to need good people working on the problem from this end . I 'd like to go . Really ? If I can help , then ... Colonel Young , please ... What ? You don 't think I can handle it ? He 's going . I 've been off-world before . You have made a habit out of pulling our asses out of the fire . Eli , you want to go , you 're going . The only one I 'm questioning right now is you , Dr. Rush . [ scoffs ] Well , besides Palmer , I 'm the only one who knows what we 're looking for . We have 12 hours to find what we need and then get back on the ship . You 're sure you can 't stop it ? No , we 're just along for the ride for now . Then we may all be better off on the planet . Well , that 's another reason why I should go . Someone to assess whether long-term survival there is even an option . All right . Okay . I want everyone clear that Scott is in charge of this mission . Let 's gear up , let 's find whatever supplies we have , and move out . Sir ... About Eli ... He volunteered . He 's not trained for this . Just like a lot of the people we got on this ship . I 'm going to need to know what they 're made of . He 'll slow us down . Well , if he does , you send him back to the gate . If we 're going to make it , and I 'm not just talking the next few hours , we 're going to need everyone on board to step up . Lieutenant ... Keep an eye on Rush . We 'll be back , sir . Good luck . Hot . Cool . Make sure we can dial back to the ship . Already on it . Looks like gypsum . That would be good . Why ? We 're looking for calcium carbonate . Calcite . Gypsum is calcium sulphate , which is 36 percent calcium carbonate . Hmm . That would be convenient . No . Well , it 's a fair indication that the components may exist nearby . For the sake of portability and efficiency , I 'm hoping to find high-concentration granular limestone . We are looking for the dried lake bed or salt-water body all this sand came from . It 's a desert . Lime is formed mostly from the remains of marine organisms . Are you saying there was life here ? Not likely anything we 've seen before . Yeah , the water may be gone now , but this desert was formed by H2O evaporating on a playa floor , causing gypsum to be deposited in a fine crystalline form called selenite ... Where 're you going ? Higher ground . What 's supposed to happen ? If this sand is high enough in calcite concentration , the solution would absorb the acid . Right . The liquid would turn clear . It 's not . We 're good ! This is Scott . Unfortunately , there 's nothing useful in the immediate vicinity of the gate . You have 12 hours , Lieutenant . Make ' em count . Copy that . We 're moving out ! Too bad we can 't just use this sand . There certainly is enough of it . James . James : Yes Sir . Young : I 'm looking for Chloe Armstrong . Still in there . She hasn 't come out . How is she ? How is she ? How about asking how I 'm doing . You 're trained for this , airman . She just watched her father die . My father may as well be dead to me too because I 'm stuck in some galaxy that only God knows about . Young : Yeah ... You know , I was supposed to go back to Iraq , but they said that this would be a better opportunity . James : We 're all going to die out here . Young : Hey ! You listen to me . I don 't want to hear that kind of talk , do you understand ? We 're going to work this out . Just let me know how I 'm doing Colonel . Since you asked . I 'm fine . No , you 're not . And neither am I , but we 're , uh ... we 're still alive because of what he did ... for what it 's worth ... It 's worth a lot . And , you know , as long as we 're still here , I promise you ... Colonel , I 've edited enough of my father 's speeches to know what you 're going to say , and ... You don 't have a clue what I was going to say , because I don 't . We , um ... we brought along , um ... an Ancient device , communications stones , they allow us to ... Yeah , I know what they are . Good , well , I 'm about to use one of them to report to my superiors on Earth , Tell them our situation . I want to tell her myself . You 've been sitting here since Rush made contact . Let somebody else take a shift . I 'm not leaving this chair . I 've been on this project for the last six months , and I 'll be damned if I ... Colonel ? This is strange ... Dr. Rush , is that you ? No , it 's Colonel Young , and I need you to put me in a room with General O 'Neill . And I 'm going to need you , too . Sir , I told you not to get up ! What did he do to himself ? He 's got cracked ribs , more bruises than I can count , and a concussion that resulted in neuropraxia . Oh , that 's just great . Chloe ? Dr. Mehta . Can you help me , please ? You , know , I had some of my favorite arguments with your father . Are you saying you won some ? Depends on who you ask . Listen , uh ... Major green 'll be escorting you to see your mother . Please ... give her my condolences . Thank you . Yeah . So how is it going out there ? Really . I don 't know what Rush has told you . We may not have much time left . The ship 's very old , falling apart . Fix it . We 're trying . Even if we can get the life support working , we don 't have much food and water . Then go get some . We 're not supposed to be there , sir . These are the wrong people in the wrong place , and , as a group , they 're just not qualified . Oh , please . I wasn 't qualified to lead that first team through the Stargate ... I understand that , sir . In the past dozen years or so , we 've sent hundreds of teams through that thing ... And , the bottom line is ... none of us are qualified . I just think we 're going to get to a point very soon where everyone on board should get a chance to say goodbye . Understood . Save it . That 's not very smart . Temperatures like these , the human body needs at least ... Walk , don 't talk . Just FYI , he 's right about the whole human body-and-water ... Eli ! Walk , don 't ... right . Oh . Look . More sand . This is pointless . We should go back . We just got here . I still think we should be checking out the other planets in range of the ship . I still think you 're wrong . The solution 's here . I know it was a mirage , but when we were walking over that last dune ? I thought I saw the Statue of Liberty sticking half out of the sand ... Just for a second there , I was all ready to yell ... " Damn you ! Damn you all to hell ! " On ! Come on . That was funny . Was it ? Because ! It would mean we were really on Earth , but in the future ... and the apes had taken over ... and then buried the Statue of Liberty for some reason . Eli ? Have a drink . Greer , hold up ! Hold up ! This isn 't going to work . Not if we keep stopping . I 'm saying we need to split up . Fine with me . I agree . Franklin , you should come with me . Nah ... no , no , no , you 're with me and Greer . Sun 's been moving that way , we 'll call it west ... Uh , Eli , Franklin , Palmer ... and Curtis , you head that way . We 'll test every 20 minutes or so . After two hours , you head south-east ... that should take you back in the direction of the gate . Whoa , whoa , whoa , wait a second . Do we really think that splitting up is the best idea ? I say we head straight back . There 's no point in crossing over the same territory we 've just crossed . Or ... we could just stick together . Look , Matt ... I 'm sorry , I just have this really ... really sick feeling that you 're going to go that way ... and we 're going to go this way ... Eli , I need someone that I can trust to lead the second team , okay ? That is you . Curtis is a good soldier , he 's a tough guy . He 's not going to let anything happen to you . Truth is , I 'm slowing you down , and you want to get rid of me . I 'm doing what I think will best accomplish this mission . You asked to come . I 'm telling you how you can help me . Now suck it up . Yeah . Okay . Okay , guys , we 're going this way . Move out ! Radio if you find the lake bed , we 'll double back . When you see the Statue of Liberty , you know what to say , right ? Right . Now we can make some time . She 's here ? Right now ? Yes , ma 'am , but as I 've explained ... Chloe ! Mrs. Armstrong ... I know I look different , and I sound different ... but it 's me . Mom , please . I have something to tell you . Mom ... Stop ! I 'm sorry ... it 's just ... the thought that you 're actually on some ship ... so far away , I can 't even imagine . Mom ? Just tell me you 're coming home ? I don 't know ... Mom , please ! The ship is old and damaged . We were losing air and somebody had to ... He 's dead . He 's dead , isn 't he ? Where is everyone ? Able bodies are searching the ship for anything that might have CO2-sequestration properties , and the rest are in crew quarters . Colonel , we were able to dial out to the planet again . Colonel Young and Chloe are using the communication stones . This is Colonel Telford , Dr. Mehta . Uh ... o ... r ... right , okay . Did you make radio contact with the off-world team ? Uh , yes , nothing to report yet . They 've split up . How much time before the ship jumps back to FTL ? Roughly nine hours . Dial out every 20 minutes . Maintain regular contact . We do have power issues to be aware of . Dialing the gate is a significant drain on what seems to be limited resources at this point . The away mission is priority one right now . Sir ? I 'm fine . I understand that there are other Stargates in range ? Four other addresses came up in the system , but we seem to be locked out from here . Have you tried working around it ? Dr. Rush didn 't think that was a good idea . I think it makes sense to know what our options are . Do what you can . There has to be a good reason why these addresses are being disqualified . If I wasn 't being clear , I was giving you an order . If there are good reasons , find out exactly what they are . Let 's keep moving , I want to see more . You should rest . Lieutenant . Sir , Colonel Young 's body needs time to recover . Give me something for the pain . The body feels pain for a reason . I would rather not mask it . Just do it , Lieutenant . From the sounds of things , you need my help here . All right , come on . Let 's go . You better save some of that . We need to slow down . We need to cover more ground . It 's going to be impossible to maintain this pace on the way back . Maybe for you . How tedious ... little boys playing " soldier . " Well , I 'm sorry , I 've no interest in playing that game . I 'm not playing anything , I 'm trying to save the lives of everyone aboard that ship . If you continue at this pace , we 're going to die out here ... Then maybe we will . Light-years away from the admiring eyes of your father , or your drill Sergeant ... or whoever 's approval it is you so desperately seek . - How dare you ! - Get up and move . Did you see that ? What ? I don 't know ... Nothing . Let 's move . One hour ... one hour , and then we start circling back . All right , fine . Just hold that there . Thank you . What did you give me ? That was supposed to be for the pain . What did you give to him ? A strong sedative , which we are desperately short on and I should not have had to use just so that Colonel Young can return to a body in working condition . You are out of line , Lieutenant . Disregarding the health of another human being is out of line . I am well within my rights as ranking medical officer . He 'll be out an hour or two . Well , what am I supposed to do ? I don 't care . I have other patients to attend to . Something wrong ? No , I 'm fine . Good a place as any to stop and test . I take it that 's not good ? No . Hey , guys . Another negative over here . I 'll radio Scott and tell him we 're moving on . Uh , yeah , but ... that 's not what 's going down . It 's not ? No . There are four other viable addresses in this thing . I think I found an override that 'll allow us to dial from here ... Yeah , but ... Look around . This planet is a dead zone . But ... we should 've been trying to dial these other planets from the start . Rush said ... We don 't care what Rush said . We don 't trust him . Rush doesn 't want us all to die . That doesn 't mean we trust him to make the right decisions . You too ? What about the lake bed ? It could be hundreds of miles from here . We could be blowing our only chance of finding a decent place to evac . Maybe the ship did bring us here because there 's lime on this planet . For all we know , the Ancients had a way of locating it that we don 't . For that matter , I 'm sure they could 've stopped the ship for longer than 12 hours to find it and recover it with the proper tools . The fact is , the Ancients wouldn 't have let the life-support system get that screwed up in the first place . Rush is set on fixing the ship . He 's deaf to any other logic . We need to find a planet we can survive on . This might be our last chance . If that ship jumps to FTL we could be dead before it drops out again . We 're going to the gate . Give me the remote ... or not . That was optional . Give me the Kino Isn 't this mutiny ? I 'm not sure that applies on the other side of The Universe . Besides , my orders were to keep on searching and head back to the gate . Are we done ? We 're done , Tell Scott we 're heading for the gate if you want . We 'll let you know if we find a planet that everyone can survive on . That remote was our only way back to the ship ! You 'll have to get another one . Gotta keep goin ' . Here . Take it . I have my own . No , no . I can 't go on . I 'm never going to make it back . I know it 's here . You have to find it . Take it . We 're going to leave him here ? I 'll make my way back to the gate . Go with him . I 'm not leaving you here alone . Make sure he gets back alive . What difference does it make ? Because if I don 't find what we need , he 's going to be the one to find some other way to save his own ass and yours along with it . You 're losing it . I 'll be okay . Scott , this is Eli . Come in ? If you can hear me , please respond . This is Scott , what 's up ? We have a problem . Franklin , Curtis and Palmer have given up and are headed back to the gate to try dialing the other addresses in the remote . They also have the kino . They don 't think we 're going to find the lime here . They want to look for another planet that will support life . They 'll get themselves killed . Don 't we need that remote to get back to the ship ? That 's not the point . A few hours is nowhere near enough time to determine whether a planet is even safe , let alone viable for sustaining life . The ship ... the ship 's our only real hope of ever getting home . Stop them if you can . I 'll turn back when I have to . Yes , sir . Go ! You lead . I can 't lose you too . You won 't . I 'm going to be OK . Thank you Martha . Here Mom , have some tea . I 'm sorry , excuse me . Miss Armstrong , we 've got to get going soon . You get my daughter home . Everyone is doing the best they can , I assure you . That 's not good enough . Mom , it 's not his fault . I 'm a personal friend of the President and of the First Lady . Yes , ma 'am . You tell your superiors that if anything happens to her , I will go public with what I know . Mom ... I 'm sorry , she 's upset . My husband ... gave his life for my daughter . You get her back to me , or the whole world is going to know what has really been going on these past years . I need water . We 're almost there . I thought since I gave Scott my canteen , we 'd share . And you were wrong about that . Yeah , I should 've known . Yeah ? You think you know me pretty well , don 't you ? I helped choose the personnel for Icarus base . I read your file . And neither you nor Captain Marvel were on my list , let me tell you . Ooh-hoo-hoo . You think I care ? Give me some water . Keep walkin ' . You think , Just because you were born poor , that it gives you the right to be angry at the world , how pathetic . Oh , yeah ? You think that 's why I 'm " angry ? " If it wasn 't for the army , you 'd be in jail , or worse . Aw , that 's what all you rich people think . Rich ? My father worked in the sheep yards in Glasgow . I earned a scholarship to Oxford while I was working two jobs . I have got a right to make decisions without explaining myself to you or anyone else . You give me some of that water ! Keep walkin ' . You give me some of that w ... Don 't you ever touch me . Give me some ... Me ... don 't you ever touch me . And you do that again , and I 'm gonna put a bullet ... in your face . Oh , really ? I don 't think so . You need me . Otherwise , you 'd have gladly done it by now . Right now , I pray to the God above that dehydration will shut you the hell up . Walk ! Or die here ! It 's your choice , Mister ... " ... . Decision-maker . " Looks like it 's worth a shot to me . Let 's do it . Wait ! Stop ! Look , it 's not perfect , but it 's better than here . Vegetation , water , air ... it 's not too late for you to come with us . No , no . We 'll dial back when we know it 's safe to evacuate everyone . You 'll never get back home . You don 't know that . Maybe there 's a way to use the gate system to connect the dots . There has to be a reason the ship locked out those addresses ! Don 't . Please ? Shoot him ! Why did you do that ? He told me to . We saved his life . By shooting him ? He 'll live . You just stranded Curtis and Palmer . We 'll send them another remote . I wasn 't taking any chances . Where 's Scott ? Still looking for limestone . It 's almost half-time . We only have six hours before the ship leaves . Lieutenant , this is Greer . Come in . I hope he 's turned back by now . Lieutenant ! Come in ? You must keep going , my boy . Don 't give up . I don 't need you to tell me that . I 'm not going to let anyone else down the way I let you down . You really don 't have to follow me around to remind me . He has his plan ... for all of us . He 's either out of radio range or he 's lying face-down in the sand , dead , or soon-to-be . I 'm going back for him . Well , that 's great ... suicide . I 'm not leaving him out here . I 'll go with you , man . Nah , you 're just gonna slow me down . Look , this man has to get back to the ship . He needs medical attention . Dial . He can take Franklin back . You wait here for me . You have five hours to find him and get back here . Well , it has not been a pleasure knowing you . What do I need that for ? Just in case . In case what ? Hey , I don 't even know how to fire this thing . You 'd better be here . I will . I have a gun . Why do I feel like I 've been drugged ? Good to have you back , sir . Son of a ... What the hell was Telford doing ? You 're going to need this . There they are . Hurry up , hurry up . Come on , help him , help him . What happened ? Greer ... Greer shot him . Water ? That was my ration for the day . What 's going on ? Oh , we 've had a lovely day at the beach . How about you ? I have sinned , father . I 've failed you . I 've failed him . I 've failed myself . We have redemption through his blood . Curtis ? Palmer ? This is Eli . If you can hear me , please come in . Curtis . Palmer . Please , respond . Do you love her ? She 's not going to have it . You 're sure ? She 's 16 . We barely even know each other . What are you going to do ? I don 't know ... about anything . I thought ... he was my calling . But now ... I am sorry . Why ? I 'm the one who 's weak . It 's my fault . No ... it isn 't . It 's not yours . This is Scott ! Come in ! I found it , I found the lake bed ! I 've got the lime ! Oh , my God . If y ... you can hear me , wait ! Just wait , I 'm coming ! Eli . Which way ? Move out . Scott ... come on ... come on . Come on , Scott , come on . Take the bag ! There 's no time ! You have to take it . Yes , you can . No , I can 't make it ... Get the hell up ! Come on ! I can 't make it . Oh ! I can 't carry you and this ! Get your weak ass up ! Come on ! Come on , soldier ! Less than three minutes before the ship jumps again . Incoming ! I 'll stay . It 's okay . I got it . Sorry , sir . You did your best . Less than one minute . I see them . I see them ! They 're carrying something ! We 've got it ! Don 't go ! We 've got it ! They 've got the lime ! And they 're not going to make it . 40 seconds . Give me the radio . Eli , I want you to stick your arm into the event horizon of the puddle . Seriously ? Are you sure ? No . But I 'm betting there 's some kind of a safety protocol prevents someone being cut-off while en route . But what if there isn 't ? 20 seconds . Eli , do it now ! Come on . Come on ! Five ... four ... three ... two ... one ... Good , Eli . Thank you . Scott , look at me . Lieutenant , look at me . Look at me ! Look at me . Well done , Eli . Well done . Look . I brought you some water . I still have some . You really need to drink it . I 'm fine . Everyone appreciates what you did . Rush say how long it will last ? He 's not sure . How are you ? My parents died in a car crash when I was four years old . I 'm sorry . The priest who raised me ... he pretty much drank himself to death when I was 16 . My God . I 'm sorry , I 'm not trying to diminish what you 're going through . No , I ... I know . I think my point is ... there 's just some things you never get over . That 's just the way it is . You go on , though . The best that you can .
