 The Starship Enterprise . Its mission : To seek out new life , ... survey uncharted worlds , ... and defend Federation territories . From its beginning as a common science vessel to becoming the flagship of Starfleet , ... this is the evolution of the U.S.S. Enterprise . The Enterprise NX-01 was the first Earth starship with a human-built propulsion system . It was a new generation of starship meant for long-term space travel and exploration . NX-01 is basically an experiment . Christened the Enterprise , ... actually it 's the very first ship to be called Enterprise , ... its whole purpose was to explore the unknown , ... go places where humans have never gone before . As time went on , the design of the ship was going to relate itself to the way it 's been discovering space , how space travel works , ... light speed works , all that type of new technologies that were discovered . In 2245 , the NCC-1701 was launched from the San Francisco Fleet Yards . This Constitution-class Enterprise was in service for 25 years , ... including five highly successful years under the command of Captain James Kirk . Following a quarter century of service to Starfleet , ... the Enterprise was called into drydock to be given a complete upgrade of all its major systems . The retrofit was to upgrade the ship to handle the new stresses , ... the new loads , the new speeds . The old cylindrical nacelles on the ship were replaced , ... as were the nacelle struts . This allowed for a newer , aerodynamic design . The ship was also equipped with dual extravehicular activity bays . This allowed maintenance and cargo ships easier access to the Enterprise . After many months in drydock for refit , the Enterprise was put back in service . It was now one of the most recognized and respected ships in the Federation . The Enterprise pretty much has become the ship . Being so , it 's always the challenge of alien forces to take it down . It would be the gold mark for any race to take that ship down , claim victory . The Enterprise , under attack from the Reliant , Khan 's crew , ... the shields weren 't up . They were not ready for an attack , ... and so when the surprise attack took place , ... they were hit in all their vital areas , pretty much making them helpless . After the Enterprise encountered the Reliant and sustained its heavy damage , ... its first point of origin was to go to the Spacedock and get repairs . In that time , Captain Kirk has to commandeer the ship , ... to steal it to get Spock back to his homeworld . The ship had not been fixed , it hadn 't been repaired . It left home never to come back . When it encountered the Klingons , ... they pretty much had a field day on the ship . They had the cloaking device , all kinds of technologies that that ship , in that particular state , was not ready to handle . Following a costly encounter with a Klingon bird-of-prey , ... the NCC-1701 was given its self-destruct command . This resulted in the complete destruction of the Enterprise . Following the loss of the refitted Enterprise , ... Starfleet commissioned an old Constitution-class ship , ... and in honor of previous service to the Federation , ... renamed it U.S.S. Enterprise , ... service number NCC-1701-A . It was the end of the era for that Constitution-style class of ship . After the attack on the Enterprise by Khan , ... a whole design team kind of went to work to figure out what would happen had that attack gone further . Obviously , the neck would 've been blown apart . It was a very weak design element in that particular ship . When it came time to re-commission an Enterprise-B , ... the Excelsior was the obvious choice , ... because it 's the strongest of the Federation ships . Design changes led to the Excelsior-class vessels to have a more durable neck . The nacelles had been set to a lower profile and the struts were closer to the body . It was given a more compact design , to keep the limbs of the ship from being a focus of an enemy during an attack . The Enterprise-B 's maiden voyage , it was a christening ceremony . Admiral Kirk was there to kind of give it the send-off . And , as things go , space emergency takes place , ... it encounters kind of an energy ribbon which they 're not sure what it is . Being that Captain Kirk was onboard , ... a veteran of all kinds of situations like this , ... decided that he could alter the ship 's deflector ray to basically put a hole in the energy ribbon long enough to pull the survivors of the ship out . In doing so , the tendrils of the energy ribbon , ... which was just this static ball of energy and electricity , ... actually strikes part of the ship , ... destroying the entire section where Captain Kirk was working , ... thus giving him basically his last flight on the Enterprise . Prior to its decommission , the Enterprise-B successfully charted over 140 new star systems and made first contact with 17 new civilizations . The Enterprise-C , encountering an attack by the Romulan forces , ... pretty much met its demise in a heavy battle . It fought as long as it could , as boldly as it could , ... but it was no match for what the Romulans had to throw at it , ... making Starfleet very aware that the Romulan threat was a lot stronger than they had imagined , ... and technology would take us into new frontiers from this point on . The Sammy-class starship was the new design which would carry the name Enterprise . Now the flagship of the Federation , its size was unmatched in Starfleet . The purpose of this ship was more taking it out of the battleship mode and putting it more into a family in space . What they wanted to have is communities . The ship was designed to stay in space much longer than previous Enterprise designs . The immense size of the Enterprise-D allowed approximately 1,016 officers , ... enlisted crewmen and civilians onboard . The Galaxy-class Enterprise had the most advanced warp core in the fleet at the time . It could sustain a warp speed of 9.6 for 12 consecutive hours . As the science of warp speed kind of advances in the Star Trek universe , ... the ships also change as they go along . If you look at the ships on a profile point of view , from the original to the D , ... the original Enterprise , you see the nacelles are higher than the saucer , ... and as the ships progress in design , ... they actually go lower to the point where they 're parallel with the saucer , ... to the point with the D where they 're below the saucer . The purpose of this is all with the new aesthetic design of longer space travel and the way aerodynamic warp factors go into play . The Enterprise-D had a new phaser design . It had multiple strips positioned on its hull , ... which allowed the phasers to move independently toward different targets . It also had two photon torpedo bays located on the ship . Each bay had the ability to fire ten torpedoes simultaneously , ... and each torpedo could also be given its own individual target . Bunch of rogue Klingons decide to take it on , take it down and claim the victory . They pretty much meet their match with the Enterprise-D . The battle takes place , they take out the Klingons , but in doing so they 've damaged their own ship to the point where it 's unrecoverable . They have to separate the saucer from the body , ... let the body go to waste , evacuate the crew to the saucer . The ship had to go down . It had to crash . There was no other way to keep it in space . It was losing its orbit , ... it would have burned up had they not been able to get down . The smoothest you could get it in was the way that everyone was able to survive . The successor to the Enterprise-D was the new Sovereign-class starship , ... service number NCC-1701-E . Larger and tactically more capable than the Enterprise-D , ... this new vessel was designed to defend the Federation and its allies . The main aesthetic difference between the D and the E is the saucer shape . They 're both ovals , but on the D it 's more of a wider layout and on the Enterprise-E the oval 's elongated with the length of the ship . The Enterprise-E was given a much tighter design . The neck between the saucer and the body of the ship has been decreased . The nacelles have been elongated for an increase in warp capability and to also increase the durability of the ship during extended warp travel . The Enterprise-E had a purpose . Unlike the other ships , ... which were basically advancements in the lineage , ... the Enterprise-E was basically designed to battle the Borg . Its whole purpose was to fight this enemy that 's whole purpose was to destroy and take over Earth . Basically , it was meant to be a battleship . It 's a much sleeker ship . It 's a longer ship in comparison to the original Enterprise , which was roughly around 900 feet . This one was 2,250 feet . Vast difference in scale . Being that it was an attack vessel , its entire primary defense system , ... attack system was set forward on the saucer and the underside of the ship . They felt this would be the strongest point , ... always keeping its nose high on its enemy and being the one that would do the attacking , as opposed to defending . The most advanced tactical upgrade to the Enterprise-E was the addition of the quantum torpedoes . Designed to help battle the Borg , these torpedoes used zero-point energy , ... which increased their destructive power up to two-and-a-half times that of a standard torpedo . With the successful destruction of a Borg cube in 2373 , ... the quantum torpedo proved to aid in the Federation 's ongoing battle with the Borg . During a hostile encounter with the Reman vessel Scimitar , ... the Enterprise , under the command of Captain Jean-Luc Picard , ... collides with the enemy ship , ... crippling the Scimitar and severely damaging the Enterprise-E . The Enterprise-E survives the battle , comes back to Earth . Pretty much last moments recorded in the Spacedock , ... being retrofitted with all its latest and newest technologies , ... and awaiting its further and newest missions . Carrying on with the design of the Enterprise , ... the next numerical Enterprise would be the F. In design sense , it 's something that 's always on the drawing board . Ideas are always conceived of what the new ship would be . What would advance the ship from where we know they are now ? From the Enterprise-E , where would you go ? The continuing voyages of the Starship Enterprise will last for generations to come . Always the most distinguished of Starfleet vessels , ... any ship bearing the name Enterprise will continue to be recognized throughout the galaxy . " Tickle us , do we not laugh ? Prick us , do we not bleed ? " " Wrong us , " " ... shall we not revenge ? " " Revenge is a dish that is best served cold ? " Watch your future 's end . Resistance is futile . They say time is the fire in which we burn . Each man hides a secret pain . Share your pain . In six hours , every living thing in this system will be dead . Kill everything on that ship , ... then set a course for Earth . The best villains are the ones that you can understand . And the really great villains are the ones that you root for . The universe has to focus its energy on your hero through some specific vessel . And so a good villain represents not only the character or whatever the specific villain happens to be , ... but also represents just kind of the dark side of the universe . Your hero has to rise to a challenge , ... and the worse off your villain is and the more horrible the villain is , ... the more the hero has to become a hero . One of us is gonna live and one of us is gonna die , ... and it doesn 't really matter what anyone 's motives are at that point . It 's just Darwin . They 're tragic heroes . All good villains , I think , are , in a way , tragic heroes . And the more personal the stakes are for the villain , the better . You know , as in the case of Khan , someone who was abandoned , ... whose wife was killed by that crew , ... you know that he is motivated by revenge . It 's a basic human emotion . You know that , at the end of the day , he holds Kirk responsible for it . And that 's critical . Khan . " He heaps me . He tasks me and I 'll have him . " I 'll chase him around the Antares - " Maelstrom . " - ... maelstrom and round perdition 's flames before I give him up . Revenge is a very appealing fantasy . " I 'll repay them . " It 's a staple of movies . It 's a staple of theater . Villains never think they 're villains . And again , as Alex was saying , that 's what 's so great about Khan . He is a man who has truly been wronged and who can directly trace his suffering to the very crew that he goes after . In a sense , he is , like many great villains , ... created by the altruistic actions of people doing decent things . That story was so personal . He hit Kirk exactly where Kirk 's weak spots were . Surely I have made my meaning plain . I mean to avenge myself upon you , Admiral . He 's very , very smart , ... but his intelligence cannot compete with his hatred . A crewman says to him , " You have this ship . You can go where you want . " " You don 't need to go through with this . " But he can 't stop . He can 't bring himself to stop , ... and in that instant , one senses the hubris that brings about his downfall . You have Genesis . You can have whatever you ... Full power ! Damn you ! There was a soul to Ricardo Montalban that you could feel the weight of his loss behind everything that was going on . And he was incredibly operatic in a great way . He just brought such scope to that character . If your villain is engaging enough , ... you can 't take your eyes off them . In the opening scene of ll , where he is first introduced , ... there was a six-page monologue about why he 's so enraged . And when Montalban first did it , just was sort of running the lines , ... he was screaming the whole thing . And then we had this little conversation afterwards , ... and I said , you know , " The thing about crazy people ... " ... that 's so scary is they don 't even have to raise their voice ... " ... ' cause once you know they 're crazy , it 's like , ' What 's he going to do next ? " ' Sir , I demand to be ... You are in a position to demand nothing , sir . And the moment he heard that , ... that 's when the fun really began in terms of creating that character because he took that idea and ran with it . I never forget a face . Mr. Chekov , ... isn 't it ? And he was speaking very quietly for a lot of it . " Mr. Chekov , isn 't it ? " " Tell me where I may find James Tiberius Kirk . " You didn 't expect to find me . You thought this was Ceti Alpha VI . Khan was kind of space opera , except he wasn 't singing , though . He was just emoting , and it was the same kind of passion and the same kind of theatricality , in a way , but no less effective for that . In fact , I think it fits into Star Trek brilliantly . The best hero , I think , is also one that you feel bad for when they die and , also , you know they have to die . And if you can give that to the audience , ... then you have a truly successful bad guy . Yeah , that 's right . ' Cause if you don 't feel a little bit bad for Khan when he 's dying there with his face melting , ... there 's something wrong with you , man . Christopher Lloyd . He is another one of those villains who shows how tenuous the tone of Star Trek can be . And , I think , through much of that movie , ... he walks it very well . I mean , he 's responsible ... - ... for the death of Kirk 's son . - Kirk 's son , yeah . And you can 't commit an action like that and not immediately ... And I know for a lot of fans , that was kind of a moment that possibly pushed Star Trek in a way that was uncomfortable , ... but it also shows that it was an effective villain decision or a character decision . And to have that happen along with just the craziness that , ... and I say that in a good way , that Christopher Lloyd brings to it was a tightrope act , and I think he walked it well . The Klingons , which were typically our stand-in for the Soviet Union , ... the cold warriors , ... they talk funny . They all look alike . They smell funny . The game 's afoot , huh ? The idea of a smiling villain , of a witty villain , ... of a deceptively pleasant villain . Have we not " heard the chimes at midnight " ? Khan is anything but that . He has no humor at all . He has a big sense of irony , Khan , but he has no sense of humor . Chang has a big sense of humor and very little irony . " Cry ' Havoc ! ' and let slip the dogs of war . " Spock . It 's me . It 's Sybok . Sybok is literally your crazy half-brother who joined a cult . I think he represents the kind of villain that you cannot simply dispatch with a phaser shot or where it literally becomes ... Again , going back to the idea that the best villains somehow reflect your heroes . Well , here 's a villain who is Spock 's family , ... who wants to lead the Enterprise on a religious crusade ... to the center of the galaxy . And there is I think that ... Again that relates back to everyone 's experience of having someone they care about , ... or someone who is even physically related to them , ... taking a different path and how do you deal with that and at what point does it cross the line ? - Spock ? - I cannot go with you . - Why not ? - I belong here . I don 't understand . There was an interesting idea here that I thought was , in retrospect , ... certainly far ahead of its time , which was a fundamentalist villain , ... a messiah who wanted to lead people into a promised land , ... but only under certain conditions , only under circumstances , ... only certain surrender of stuff . - What if I told you I found a new truth ? - The Nexus ? Time has no meaning there . The predator has no teeth . The interesting thing about Soran is , he 's an addict . He wants to get his happiness fix . It 's not a drug , but it 's drug-like , what he 's after . - You don 't understand . - It 's okay . Let me go back . Let me go back ! Let me go back . Let me go ... He , again , is a character who falls into the notion of someone who is after something technically beautiful and technically worthwhile . He is trying to make up for pain and for suffering , ... not merely attempting to destroy the universe or destroy planets . He 's after something that when you strip away the collateral damage of it is possibly worthy . - He killed our Kirk . - He killed Kirk . That 's the real bummer . - You can 't deny it . - So , in some ways , ... that makes him the greatest villain ever . - And in some ways ... - He did it with a boulder , ... which you wouldn 't expect for the death of Kirk . We are the Borg . Lower your shields and surrender your ships . We will add your biological and technological distinctiveness to our own . Your culture will adapt to service us . Resistance is futile . The first time I saw the Borg on The Next Generation , ... that , to me , was like a redefinition of villains . I 'd never seen a villain that was defined that way , ... sort of in opposition to human individuality . It 's always been exactly the opposite . And that , in a way , violates all the rules of storytelling , to some degree . It very much almost represents an act of nature , ... but an act of nature that has a will , and that talks , ... and that can focus in on you and that can communicate with you . The Borg is like Jaws . You can 't reason with it . There 's nothing you can say to it that 's gonna make it change its mind . It just wants to eat and make little baby sharks . That 's kind of what 's going on there , and that 's why it 's so frightening , " is that your basic human reaction is to say , " All right . I can talk to it . " I can figure it out . We can work it out . " And there 's nothing . And that makes it very scary . Take that monster in Alien , ... which , again , is ostensibly an utterly foreign , malignant , instinctive organism . But at the end of the day , is it so different ? The Borg Queen . She 's just part of an organism that is mindlessly replicating itself . If you 're gonna be assimilated , she 's the one ... If you 're gonna be assimilated , ... you wanna be assimilated by the Borg Queen . It was interesting to see what would be traditionally just this authoritarian thing that you 'd normally associate with a patriarch or something , ... and then at the center of it , to have the singular leadership of it be a female is a great twist on a villain that you don 't expect . The Borg Queen makes a compelling point about , " Everyone works together . Everyone is ... There 's no ... " " We have no dissension among the ranks . " Even the Borg Queen has a real point of view , ... you know , that assimilation is actually good for the collective and that they function at a higher level that way . That 's a legitimate point of view . You know , certainly she doesn 't see herself as the bad guy , ... but because the story 's being told from our point of view , ... we don 't want to be assimilated , there 's a great threat . I feel exactly what you feel . The best villains are often those who reflect , you know , ... the nature of the hero him or herself . And obviously , that is a character that literally springs from the DNA of our hero . And sometimes the most frightening thing about a villain is not that they are so alien and different from the hero , - ... it 's how alike they are . - Right . What am I while you exist ? A shadow ? An echo ? The more a villain resembles , in some way , the hero , ... then it goes both ways . Usually , the flow of temptation is towards evil . But the more in common and the more relatable a villain can be , ... then , in a way , the more of an opportunity you have for the hero to do the same thing that a villain would traditionally do and actually win them back over . The most interesting villain in the 10 movies , I think , ... is in Star Trek IV . Who do you think the villain in Star Trek IV is ? Mankind is the villain in Star Trek IV . Whales hunted to the brink of extinction . Doing what it does has eradicated species after species , including the whales . It 's a villain that is never mentioned by name , ... a villain that 's never , in a sense , seen and yet , whose actions bring on all the consequences , the cataclysmic , the ecological consequences that the movie 's about . The unsung villain of Star Trek is the unknown , actually . And it 's always villain plus whatever the environment is or whatever the mystery of the universe is . And the unknown sometimes turns into being your friend and sometimes not . V 'Ger before you know what V 'Ger is , you know . I know Star Trek , the first one , is up for much fan debate , ... but it was truly a great sci-fi concept . And having this thing that 's truly an anomaly then turn into something that sprang from ourselves , ... that , to me , is often the best kind of antagonist , ... which is really what a bad guy is in a movie , ... the force that works against you or your crew . I think what made me fall in love with the Star Trek movies was probably Wrath of Khan . I mean , I was a huge fan , I wanted to see The Motion Picture , ... and it was great to see it on the big screen , ... but ultimately , it was really Wrath of Khan that said , " Hey , they can make movies with these guys . " - You green-blooded , inhuman ... - Bridge to Admiral Kirk ... What the films are remembered for , I believe , ... is that sense of fun and that sense of adventure . Greetings . Now , I 'm a geek . I can sit through every minute of those 15 minutes where you see the Enterprise for the first time ... in Star Trek The Motion Picture . Just put it on and have a glass of wine and just , you know , marvel at the Enterprise . First Contact , where he goes all Captain Ahab and smashes up his little gold models , ... that was a fun little moment . My favorite moment , hands down , is when Spock dies at the end of II . I mean , there 's nothing like it . It 's just incredibly emotional , ... and I think the reason it worked so well is you 've invested so heavily in their friendship , ... and for Spock to make that sacrifice is just ... It 's a big deal . Ship out of danger ? " The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few ... " Or the one . Kirk and Spock are separated , ... and the hand goes up and Spock is saying , " I will always be your friend . " And there was just something ... That one just leaped out of the screen at me . I have been , and always shall be , your friend . Also bringing Spock back at the end of III , ... and the moment that he recognizes Jim , like , you can 't ... After what you 've gone through in II , and to earn that ending in III , ... and walking up the stairs and stopping and turning back and saying , " Jim . Your name is Jim , " like , you can 't not get choked up . Your name is Jim . Part of the charm of those movies is those actors were so great at those characters . It was just like seeing old friends again . They just stepped right back into those roles . This is the best of Star Trek , and this is why it 's so great , ... is the Ceti eel that they put in Chekov 's ear . That 's when that movie was like , " Wow , okay , ... " they 're gonna go somewhere with this movie , " you know ? That is the worst . That is the worst . And when you are an 8-year-old kid ... and you watch that in the theater , you will never forget it . One of my favorite moments in the Star Trek series of movies is the Klingons taking credit for Shakespeare . That 's one of those situations where everybody wants to take credit for the great thing . You 've not experienced Shakespeare until you have read him in the original Klingon . My favorite Kirk moment is in Star Trek V , when Captain Kirk says , ... " I need my pain ! " I don 't want my pain taken away . I need my pain ! Khan ! Well , everybody , you know ... " Khan ! " I won 't even try it . Khan ! I can 't do justice to the Shatnerian magnificence of the original line . When Spock is learning his memory again , ... and he 's got three or four computer screens going at once asking him various questions , ... and he 's answering them rapid-fire , you know , two and three at a time , ... cool . What is the electronic configuration ... - ... of gadolinium ? - Correct . That whole gag with the transparent aluminum ... Hello , computer . This great adventure , and save the planet and the whales , and all of that , ... and all he seems to really be thinking about is hitting on the marine biologist . We 'd all be a lot happier discussing this over dinner . He 's Captain Kirk . He 's a little older , a little wiser , ... but still going after the girls . When Kirk says to his crew , ... " You 've taken me this far , " ... " I can 't ask you to go further 'cause we 're all in trouble ... " ... and they all go with him to save their friend , ... that 's just perfect Star Trek . I 'm getting choked up right now , just thinking about it . The Star Trek movies just have so many of those , so many great movie moments . There 's a lot of great stuff in there . I can 't believe I kissed you . That it is . Oh , yes . - Thank you , baby . - A little happy face . - Tom , did you sign this ? - No . Come on over here . - Just let me know . - Just your first name . - We 're on a first-name basis . - Oh , yes , we are . - We should be , after all this time . - That 's right . - We share K-Y . - That 's true . Is he on the phone ? Of course . You know , when he wears that Bluetooth , ... I can 't tell if he 's talking to me sometimes . Yeah , I can 't ... I don 't know . I mean , I can if I 'm not there to ... - Wait . I brought some tissues . - You brought tissues . This is from a redheaded Klingon , I guess . - Okay . - Okay , I 'm in . I 've got ... Okay , I 'm going . I just want to take this and leave that shirt . This is going to be an interesting day because we 've got so many fans that know us now , both ways . And it 's kind of like we 've grown up with a lot of people , ... and it 's really amazing . I think that I 'm going to be so busy during the day that I 'm not going to have a conscious awareness that this is the end , at least I hope , ... because I don 't want anything to affect what I 'm doing out there . This is the last show for a lot of these people . So nothing ... I can 't let anything get in the way . The jury 's still out on if it 's canon or not , ... but the gold chain and the bar has been with my character for seven years . Used to be signed by Jeffrey Combs , but it 's long since faded . I start with the back and work my way to the front ' cause it takes the back ... Then it 's dry and I don 't have to worry about it . But over the course of the day , I have to keep checking it because people like to touch me . I 'll come back and there 's like a big pink spot back there . - Get out . - Oh , shut up . Yes , they do . Hey , you dropped some there . It 's the last day . What are you gonna do , fire me ? Go for it . There goes my severance . Shoulder injury , so she 's gotta put this over my shoulder for me . These are the worst boots in the world . They 're very painful , ... and they 're like 4-inch platforms . I know they 're platforms . Everybody comes up and says , " Yeah , he 's wearing platforms , " ... but it 's still very intimidating to hover over somebody in a pair of these , ... and so ... It 's theatrical . I mean , come on , it 's all fake . Ten years , you guys have been coming up to me saying , ... " He 's wearing platforms . " Dude , I 'm wearing a mask , I 'm wearing a costume , ... I 'm wearing makeup . You know ? And these are very painful , though , and I do this for you . Pain in my craft . And I have to wrap my ankles so these things don 't kill me every day . - It 's fake ? Are you kidding me ? - It 's fake . - It 's fake ? Oh , my God . - It 's totally fake . I 'm so depressed now . I 'm getting naked , so go away . Go away . Go . The box . They call me Princess around here . - I honestly haven 't seen a ... - And you just got an earful why . - Thank you , Crystal . - You 're welcome . Have a good day , hon . Since I 'm halfway between Rog 'l and Richard , ... I guess now I 'm Rig 'l . I 'm just gonna go out and enjoy myself . Once I 'm in this gear , ... I am no longer Tom and everybody here knows it , ... because even when I 'm backstage , if I 'm still wearing the head , beware , ... ' cause the General has a temper . It 's you again , ... with a two-dimensional moving replicator . And he 's moving . Excellent . I shall return momentarily . Well , once Commander Tahryn comes out , ... she 's not sentimental about this place , so she 's gonna help me a lot . And I don 't know if you know this , but later on in the day I 'm going to morph into my Vulcan character . I 'm so grateful for those characters 'cause , like I said , Tahryn ... Everybody 's crying out there , she 's like , ... " You humans are so sentimental . Get over it . " And T 'pril will use that suppressed emotion , ... so I 'll be suppressing a lot of emotion today . I had to change my mindset , I have to say , about a few months ago when we heard the rumors that it might possibly end . So I had to just sit down and turn my head back around to , ... " Okay , what 's next ? " I was used to , " What was next ? " for 20 years , ... and when I didn 't have a dancing gig , ... I went and did something normal like every other actor does , ... you know , go get a regular job , go back to the gig , ... go get a regular , go back to the gig . So I had to get my head wrapped back around that . This one came as unemployment was about to run out 10 years ago , so ... And here I 've been for 10 years . They 're gonna be real emotional today . They 've been laying it on pretty thick . It 's been building . It totally has . And every time April cries back here , it just chokes us all up , ... and she 's always the first . Stop it . Klingons are not supposed to have tear ducts . - I can 't do this today , so ... - Yeah . No , no , no . All right . Okay , this is good . - There 's no schedule anymore . - There 's no sign in / sign out sheet today . I love that . We used to have to sign in and sign out . Like when you were out on the floor , blah blah blah , ... you put your time in , time out . There isn 't one today . Yay . Welcome to the final performance of Star Trek The Experience . The day that , I think , a lot of us didn 't want to come , but it 's here . It 's here , and I want you to take great pride in everything that you do today and know that your fans are lined up to see you . - They are . - They 're expecting exactly what you 've given them for the last 10 years . Have a fun day . It 's been a hell of a ride , ... and we do not want this to end , but all good things ... All good things ... Have a great day . I 'm looking forward to the ceremony tonight , guys , ... and seeing you coming down the aisle , decommissioning in its proper way . Have a wonderful day . Lots of energy . I love you . - Love you . - Thank you very much . We love you , too . Let 's bring it in . Let 's bring it in . Let 's bring it in . Yeah . Have a great day , guys . Let 's do it . Let 's do it . Rock and roll . All right , guys , places . Final day of The Experience has begun today with a very sad pre-shift . We 've stood in our circle that we have for the last 10 years in preparation for the day , ... and the day has begun , obviously , with our regular operating hours . We are going to end the shows to the public at 8 : 00 tonight . We will have our VIP final crew board for the final time at 8 : 30 on Borg Invasion and Klingon Encounter at 9 : 00 . - Have a good show , you guys . - Thank you . You , too . Well , to give you an idea , the longest-running show in Vegas is the Folies Bergere . They have done since , I believe , 1957 , about 65,000 shows . Lot of shows , lot of years . We 've been here 10 years . We 've done over 175,000 shows . We are the longest-running show in Star Trek franchise history . The employees have really , really borne up under a good deal of stress over the last couple of months , ... with humor , with generosity , ... and I guess just the spirit of this place has kept the employees going , ... and , in turn , the spirit of the people who 've come to say goodbye during this last couple of months has helped the employees ' attitudes and their emotions considerably . Many humans . Well , today is unlike anything I 've ever gone through or witnessed here . There 's just such an outpouring of love and affection from the group that 's gathered here , from the visitors , from the guests and from our regulars . These are people who have come here specifically to say goodbye to this facility , people who love this facility , ... who 've come here and supported us over the years , ... and it 's just overwhelming , ... the affection that we 're feeling from everybody that 's here today . So , what do you need to know , female ? You have question of some sort ? I 'm sorry to see you guys leave . There 're a lot of that going around . Welcome . Enjoy yourself while you are here . Proper handshake is like this . Good . Excellent . This is Quan . This is Quan , our favorite Ferengi . - What ? - And Quan is responsible for all of the revenue here . He 's in control of the funds and makes sure that it 's kept safe . - Right , Quan ? - Well , I watch the money . I stand near the money . I look at the money . I don 't often count the money , but I smell the money , ... which is good , and it 's a good smell . I think that Star Trek has some of the best-smelling money . I mean , I 'm just ... I mean , maybe I sound a little prejudiced ... - it 's good-smelling money . - ... but I 'm just saying it is ... It 's a really good , good smell . I mean , there are some other money out there that does not smell as good as Star trek money . And the Star Trek money has been smelling very good for this long . There are fans who have been coming here forever and , literally , there are fans who believe that Star Trek The Experience has cured them of diseases , has changed their lives significantly . This is a place where people come to live out their fantasies . - Trekkies . - Trekkies . - Trekkies . - Trekkies . That 's one thing about this place . It 's always been a place where you have a good time . It 's one thing that 's always been good about Star Trek , ... we enjoy ourselves . This is like life . This is like Eugene Roddenberry said , " This is a lot of hope . " A lot of hope . - Thank all of you . - Yes ! Thank all of you . - Thank you . - Thank you . It was crazy yesterday . We had over 2,500 scans yesterday . A lot of people in costume . A lot of sad people . A lot of people telling their stories about how many times they 've seen the shows . It was really crazy yesterday . I expect tonight , ... it should get really crazy during the decommissioning ceremony . - How was it ? - Excellent . This will be my 1,015th time . I 've been coming out here for nine years . January of ' 99 was my first week out here and that was I didn 't think even they could top that experience till the New Year 's Eve party . We brought New Year 's Eve in on the Bridge of the Starship Enterprise-D . They 've treated me like family . They know me by name . I told them if I ever hit the lottery , ... they 'd never have to worry about the old folks ' home . I would take care of them for the rest of their lives . Kind of a sad , happy affair at the same time . If you caught me later tonight , it 'd be a tear-fest . I want to say , humans , that in 10 years it has been good getting to know all of you . I want to say that on this planet , ... everyone here today is the best thing about this planet . Everyone who believes in what you believe in and what you stand for and what you 're doing here today , ... may you die with your eyes wide open and your underwear dry . It 's unfortunate that we are having our last day today , ... but it 's gratifying to know how many people really are just anxious and eager to show us how much they love . Well , I 've been here for 55 straight days . Well , we decided , once we heard it was closing , ... that what was something silly to do ? So , I decided , " Well , why not come here every day ? " We got married on the Bridge , ... and this has , like , so many special memories for us , ... but we 've made so many friends . 'Cause we didn 't know Dave before we came here . I had my 40th birthday on the Captain 's Lounge back in May , - ... and these two were here . - Yeah . So , you know , we 've made so many friends . We 're just ... We 're just really sad to see this place go , ... but all the people that have worked here have done such a tremendous job , ... and it 's been just a joy to be able to come here and escape the everyday world and just go to the 24th century for a few hours every day . The fans ' reaction to our closing was tremendous . And throughout all of the emails and letters that I received , ... it was only appropriate to display all of these very , very detailed letters and intimate letters , ... describing everyone 's experiences . We 've got photographs , we 've got emails , ... we 've got handwritten notes that were done here at The Experience . There 's walls and walls of messages , ... and still stacks of messages that we haven 't gotten to , to display . Again , it 's a testimony , it 's an example of the fan base that we do have , ... the dedication that we do have , ... and the sadness and anger that our fans are experiencing that their home is being taken away . It sucks . It 's as simple as that . It 's kind of like I don 't know if you 've heard about interactive Stitch at Disneyland , ... but when they turned that off , I went to city hall and said , " Bad idea . " This is possibly the finest salute to Roddenberry and the Roddenberry idea of Star Trek , Starfleet , ... and it 's going away and that 's not good . I feel like I 've had a home and I 'm being foreclosed on . However , the happy part is that I 've had a home and I 've had a memory that 's gonna last me a lifetime , ... and it 's incredible . It 's incredible . - Quan ! Quan ! Quan ! - Quan ! Quan ! Quan ! - Quan ! Quan ! Quan ! - Quan ! Quan ! Quan ! - Hell , no , we won 't go . - Hell , no , we won 't go . - Hell , no , we won 't go . - Hell , no , we won 't go . It 's very strange . They seem to be drinking a great deal , ... and pounding on the bar and threatening to stay there forever . You 've seen the wall of all the letters , and just the heart that 's here . You know , I think that the world needs Star Trek as much as it ever has , ... or maybe even more these days , and I think that the fans being able to come and celebrate that and be together , ... it 's been just really lovely , and it 's sad to see it go . Everything about this place is so unique and special , ... the rides , the people , the food , ... and it 's just wonderful to bump into people from all over the world who are here experiencing it right along with us . This franchise is too powerful to die . - Absolutely . - Yes . Like Jean-Luc said , there 's plenty more letters in the alphabet , ... so this was just part of the chapter that 's gonna continue , ... I 'm sure , later on . - ... 2 , 3 . Live long and prosper ! - ... 2 , 3 . Live long and prosper ! Thank you . This is it . The last ride . ... take you down to airlock number one . - This is it . - Yeah . - Wow . - Wow . Hey , say what you want about it , Jim . Thank you so much . I love you . - Have a good trek . - They 're like water . We assimilate , we love . That was the last time . On January 4th , 1998 , Star Trek was charged with a 10-year mission . This dream has bound us together for a decade and brings us together one last time here tonight . This is Star Trek The Experience . Ten years is over 3 million visitors and over 150,000 missions flown . But this evening is not about what 's possible , ... this evening is about who made all this possible , ... and here they are , ... the crew that bravely and with great dedication saw this mission to its end . Lynn Sterling . Richard Oden . Kerstan Szczepanski . Tom Deishley . Mark Weitz . Jerad Formby . Russell Giles . Chad Boutte . In accordance with tradition , ... the first crew member assigned to The Experience is now the last to disembark . Miss April Hebert . For 10 years , ... this banner , bearing the seal of the United Federation of Planets , ... has stood watch over this facility . In observance of maritime tradition , as our longest-serving crew member , ... you are entrusted with its safekeeping . Miss April Hebert . Ladies and gentlemen , stay on your feet . Please give your unbridled thanks to the heroic crew of Star Trek The Experience . Bravo ! I am Captain Chad Boutte . We stand here after 10 years because of the love of our fans . On behalf of everyone stationed here in Las Vegas , ... I thank each of you who made this place possible and hope that we always provided you with the fun you desired , ... the possibilities you needed and returned the love to you that you all demonstrated . It is time now for all of us to look to the future . As the lights are doused and the gates are sealed , ... it 's time for all of us to explore the strange new possibilities before us . Live long and prosper . The future of The Experience is unknown at this time , but isn 't that what life 's all about , ... conquering the unknown ? I know you 're gonna find this hard to believe , ... but you 're now aboard a spacecraft . This is the Federation Starship Enterprise , ... and you 're now about 10 billion miles from Earth . And that 's not all . You see , you 're no longer in the year 2008 anymore . This is what you would call the future . The year is 2371 . Wait , 2371 ? I was supposed to have a break in , like , five minutes . - Who 's in charge here ? - I guess I am . Please , step this way . Security will brief you after , ... the transport officer will take you there . Everyone else follow me to the Bridge . Quickly , everyone . There 's no time to lose . Right this way , everyone . Keep moving and follow me . I 'm sure you all have a lot of questions . If you 'll just be patient , we 'll explain everything . Don 't worry , we 're going to do everything we can to get you back to your own century . We 're about to board the ship 's Bridge . For security reasons , we ask that you stand towards the back . Right this way , everyone . - Move in quickly . - Right this way . Follow me . We ask that you stay in the center of the gray area on the deck , ... standing clear of the fore and the aft consoles as we will need access to them . Once again , we ask that you stay in the center of the gray area on the deck , ... standing clear of the fore and the aft consoles as we will need access to them . Ensign , contact the Shuttlebay and inform Commander Riker that our guests are here . - Aye , sir . - Continue moving on , ... staying in the center of the gray area on the deck , ... standing clear of the fore and the aft consoles . We 're going to take this turbolift down to the Shuttlebay . Follow me . - Thank you . - Please . Right this way . Step all the way inside , please . Step all the way inside , please . All the way to the center , making room for those coming in . Thank you . All the way inside , please . The center area . Very good . All the way inside . - The Klingons are coming in behind us ! - Hang on , everyone ! We 've lost power , Decks 14 through 20 . - Starboard shields are down to 70 % . - Hurry ! Get them back online ! Got it ! That was a close call . Is everyone sure they 're all right ? - Yeah . - Yes . Great . Are you all right ? - Is everyone all right here ? - Just a little rattled . Listen , everyone , our power is out on this deck . We should have it back online momentarily . In the meantime , stay together , follow me . Right this way , everyone . I need to get you down to airlock number one . Right this way . We have a red-alert situation . Right this way . Lieutenant , they have arrived . All the way in , please . All the way in . It is dark . It can be slippery on the ramp . Use caution crossing to your rows . Lieutenant Carson is your pilot . When she 's completed her preflight checks , we 'll be ready to launch . Subject scan complete . Welcome to Copernicus Station . Please move inside as quickly as possible and stop at the wide blue line on the deck . Hello , everyone . Welcome to Copernicus . Please come right in . I am Lieutenant Stevens , ... and I 'd like to extend an official thank-you for joining us here today . We really do appreciate your traveling all the way to the borders of the Delta Quadrant to take part in our study . And I can assure you , ... we wouldn 't have brought you here if it weren 't very important . Now , Copernicus Station is an advanced research facility working on a variety of special projects . You have all been specially selected to take part in Project Resistance . Doctor ? Doctor , come in ! Doctor ! Security ! This is Lieutenant Stevens . Can you pick us up , please ? Security , please respond ! All right , listen , everyone , we 're gonna be just fine . We need to stay right here until someone can come and get us . Until they can reestablish ... Everyone , hang on ! - Is everyone all right in here ? - Yes , Chief . All right , listen up . This station is under attack . We have sustained a tremendous amount of damage , ... but we do have a plan to get you out of here . You 're gonna be all right as long as you follow our instructions . Lieutenant , set your phaser at rep one , you get two . Go ! Everyone else , follow me . Stay together . Move quickly . Ensign , bring up the rear . Let 's go ! Move out , everybody ! Right this way , everyone . Move quickly and carefully all the way out in to the corridor . Right this way . Watch your step , it is dark . Everyone , keep moving , all the way up to this line , quickly and carefully . Stop at this line . This area behind me has now been secured . Excuse me . All the way through to the back , please ! Quickly ! Quickly ! Everybody move all the way out in to the corridor . - Stay together , everyone . Stay calm . - Keep moving . All the way out in to the corridor , please . Keep moving . All the way out in to the corridor . Watch ... There 's a Borg ! I see it . It 's too late . They 've taken over the station . - I 'm gonna check the corridor . - Yes , sir . - Everybody stay calm . We 're gonna ... - Chief ! Stevens , watch our backs . If that drone comes our way , ... give it everything you 've got . You 'll only have one shot . - Yes , sir ! - Everybody else , new plan . Turn around , ... follow the ensign down the corridor to Commander Ross . Let 's go ! There 's no time to lose ! - It 's okay . Keep moving . - ... off the station immediately . All groups , we have to get you off the station immediately . All the way down . Right down here in front of me . Excellent , everyone . All the way down , right in front of me . I think that 's jammed . Stand by , everyone . Those doors were damaged in battle , now they 're jammed . Stand by , everyone ! Commander ? Commander , they 're above us ! They 're moving through the catwalks ! Watch your heads , everyone ! That 's it . The Borg are everywhere . Step back . I 'm gonna blast that panel . It 's the only way to get the doors open . Manual override not responding . - Commander , we need ... - Commander ! Commander ! Stevens , behind you ! There 's a drone headed our way ! All right , keep an eye on everyone , ... I 'll try to rotate the harmonic frequencies on this phaser . Maybe I can get a shot before they adapt . Hang on ! It 's no good ! They 've adapted ! Get out of here now ! Go ! Let 's move ! Let 's go , let 's go , please . Keep moving . Please , let 's go . Move all the way down the row before you take your seats . No empty seats between you . All the way down to this end of the row . Take your safety visors as you board . Please do not put them on you need to watch your step . With the correct course , we 'll get everyone out of here safely . Move all the way down to this end of the row before you take your seats , ... and no empty seats between you . We have got to get everyone onboard . - All right , Stevens , is that everyone ? - That 's everyone . Ladies and gentlemen , we are in a red-alert situation . Commencing with immediate evacuation procedures . At this time , please put on your safety visors ... Help me ! Help ! Security , they 're all down here . Let 's get them out of here now . Stand by . Remain seated . What was that ? Looks like an overload in the main EPS grid . Rerouting main power to primary onboard array . Olympia is under her own power now . - Preparing for departure . - Diagnostic cycle completed . We have to clear the station before we can go to warp . Engaging thrusters . Hold on , everybody , this might be a little rough . Ladies and gentlemen , congratulations ! You have defeated the Borg ! As you disembark the transport to your right , ... please take your safety visors with you and place them gently in the middle . Starfleet owes you all a debt of gratitude . Thank you . I 'm Geoffrey Mandel , ... author of Star Trek Star Charts , published by Pocket Books . I 'll be talking about the locations visited in Star Trek The Motion Picture . Let 's begin with the Milky Way galaxy , ... which is roughly 100,000 light-years in diameter . And here 's the United Federation of Planets . By galactic standards , it 's a tiny bubble of space about 26,000 light-years out from the center of the galaxy . The blue area is the Federation , which was still largely unexplored in 2273 . Sol , Earth 's sun , is the yellow dot in the center . The red area is the Klingon Empire , ... and the green area is the Romulan Star Empire , ... surrounded by the Romulan Neutral Zone . V 'Ger is first encountered in Klingon space where it destroys three Klingon battle cruisers . It then destroys the Epsilon IX array on the Federation side of the border . The Enterprise , currently in orbital dry dock , ... is scrambled to intercept V 'Ger before it can reach Earth . At the last moment , Spock travels to the Enterprise from his homeworld of Vulcan , which orbits the trinary star 40 Eridani , ... about 16 light-years from Earth . Finally , V 'Ger reaches Earth . In the director 's cut , V 'Ger 's energy cloud is described as two astronomical units in diameter , ... which is twice the distance from the Earth to the sun . Most of the action in Star Trek Wrath of Khan ... takes place at the very edge of Federation space , ... an area that was only beginning to be explored in 2285 . Ceti Alpha , an actual star that is also known as Menkar , ... is almost 300 light-years from Earth . In addition to Ceti Alpha , this region of space contains the Mutara Nebula as well as Regula I , a Federation research station . The barren world of Ceti Alpha V became the new home of Khan Noonien Singh and his crew in 2267 . Unfortunately , its neighbor , Ceti Alpha VI , exploded six months later , ... perhaps triggered by a rogue black hole traveling through the system . The new orbit of Ceti Alpha V was unstable , ... and the planet was rendered almost uninhabitable as the U.S.S. Reliant discovered in 2285 . Once Khan takes command of the Reliant , ... he makes the short journey to the Regula I space station where he finds the Genesis Device . The Enterprise hurries to the rescue from Earth while Khan disappears into the Mutara Nebula . In Star Trek The Search for Spock , the science vessel U. S. S. Grissom voyages to the newly terraformed Genesis Planet , ... some 300 light-years from Earth . But the Genesis Planet has also attracted the interest of the Klingon Empire , which is less than 100 light-years away . Unaware that the Klingons have already captured the Grissom and its crew , ... the Enterprise returns to the Genesis Planet in an effort to recover Spock 's body . After the destruction of the Genesis Planet and the Enterprise , ... Kirk and his crew pilot the captured Klingon bird-of-prey back to Spock 's home planet of Vulcan . Vulcan 's sun is 40 Eridani A , ... the central star of a trinary system about 16 light-years from Earth . Circling 40 Eridani A are three planets , including Vulcan , and an asteroid belt . Although Vulcan has no moon , ... it does have an airless companion planet known as T 'Khut , ... which does have a small moon . The two planets rotate around each other in a Trojan orbit as they circle Vulcan 's sun . The journey in Star Trek The Voyage Home is a short one , only 16 light-years from Vulcan to Earth . However , using the slingshot effect of the sun 's gravity well , ... Kirk was able to travel 300 years into Earth 's past . In the present , Earth is threatened by the Cetacean probe , ... which crosses the Romulan Neutral Zone on its way to the heart of the Federation . If we follow the path of the Cetacean probe backward , ... it suggests that the probe , and possibly the ancestors of Earth 's whales , ... came from the Carina or the Crux arms of the galaxy thousands of light-years away . Star Trek The Final Frontier starts out on the planet of galactic peace , Nimbus III , ... which is over 60 light-years from Earth . The Enterprise-A arrives to deal with a hostage situation and falls into the hands of Spock 's half-brother , Sybok . Sybok 's plan is to take the captured Enterprise-A to Sha 'Ka 'Ree at the edge of the galaxy 's core , some 20,000 light-years away . But first , they must cross the Great Barrier , ... an energy field 15,000 light-years in diameter that surrounds the galactic center . As unmanned Federation probes have shown , ... the galaxy 's core is a chaotic region tightly packed with stars and subject to intense radiation and gravimetric flux . If the Enterprise-A were able to penetrate further into the core , ... it would encounter Sagittarius A , ... a massive black hole that is constantly expanding as it cannibalizes neighboring stars . Star Trek The Undiscovered Country begins with the explosion of the Klingon moon , Praxis , ... which sends subspace shockwaves across the Klingon-Federation border . The Enterprise-A is dispatched from Earth to rendezvous with the Klingon peace delegation led by Chancellor Gorkon . The Klingon vessel is attacked and Chancellor Gorkon is killed . Kirk and McCoy are brought to trial on the Klingon homeworld of Kronos and sentenced to the icy prison planet of Rura Penthe . The Enterprise-A , refusing a recall to Earth , ... crosses the Klingon border to rescue Kirk and McCoy . Aided by the U.S.S. Excelsior , the Enterprise-A races to Khitomer in time to prevent the assassination of the new Klingon chancellor . The story of Star Trek Generations begins with the maiden voyage of the Enterprise-B in 2293 , ... which was intended to be a short trip around the solar system . Instead , the Enterprise-B speeds to the rescue of two El-Aurian transport ships , ... which are caught up in an energy field of unknown origin . Dubbed the Nexus , it turns out to be a temporal flux energy ribbon that passes through the Milky Way galaxy every 39.1 years . Seventy-eight years later , ... the Enterprise-D visits the Amargosa Observatory on the fringe of Federation space , ... only to find that a trilithium weapon has been used to collapse the Amargosan star . The resulting gravitational flux changes the path of the Nexus , ... causing it to pass through the populated Veridian system . Dr. Soran 's plan is to have the Nexus intersect with the planet Veridian III , ... which can be accomplished only if Veridian 's sun is destroyed by another trilithium device . Now that the Nexus ' course has been altered by the destruction of Amargosa , ... it is not certain whether the Nexus will reappear in our galaxy in 2410 . The Borg make their first film appearance in Star Trek First Contact . Since their first meeting with the Federation in 2365 , ... the Borg have been steadily expanding their transwarp network , ... which allows almost instantaneous travel across galactic distances . In 2375 , the Borg once again attack Earth and are beaten back by the Enterprise-E . This time , however , the Borg are able to launch a ship that travels back in time to the year 2065 . Fortunately , the Enterprise-E is able to follow the Borg vessel back in time and defeat the Borg plot . Zefram Cochrane 's historic first warp flight aboard the Phoenix takes place just as history recorded . In Star Trek Insurrection , ... the Enterprise travels over 50 light-years to the region known as the Briar Patch , Warp travel and subspace communications are impossible inside the Briar Patch . Located nearby is the homeworld of the Son 'a , ... a technologically advanced race that has been studying one of the worlds inside the Briar Patch . This world , the home planet of the peaceful Ba 'ku , ... seems to have metaphasic properties that counteract the aging process in humanoids . Currently , the Briar Patch is a Federation protectorate and access to the Ba 'ku planet is strictly monitored . Star Trek Nemesis begins on Earth at the wedding of Riker and Troi . The next stop is supposed to be Betazed for the clothing-optional part of the ceremony , ... but the Enterprise-E is diverted by strange positronic signals ... Next stop for the Enterprise-E is the planet Romulus , ... capital of the Romulan Star Empire . The new Praetor , Shinzon , has requested Picard 's presence at a peace conference . On the way back to Earth , ... the Enterprise-E passes through a dense nebula field , ... known as the Bassen Rift , ... where Picard battles Shinzon 's flagship and is aided by two Romulan warbirds .
