 You were right . Our world cannot be saved . Even the last ones have left Earth and are coming up here . But the stations are overcrowded . Epidemics are spreading faster and faster . I can 't keep up . People are dying in my arms . I applied as a medic on a cargo ship . Four years to get there , four years to get back . I 'll spend most of the time in cryo-sleep . Just one flight and I 'll have enough money to come to Rhea . And I 'll be with you once again . Did you hear that , beloved sister ? I have to go now . I 'm coming to Rhea . to see you and the children once again . Dr Laura Portmann ? Anna Lindbergh , first officer . Welcome aboard . Listen up , everybody . Miyuki Yoshida , system administrator . The windbag is Vespucci . Thank God , Prokoff doesn 't talk that much . Dr Portmann . Station 42 will be expanded to a transport hub . It 's in the Oort Cloud , halfway to Proxima , and maintains a stable orbit around RH278 . Our flight is fully automatic . Because of the recent terrorist activities , the interim government has ordered all fights to have a sky marshal aboard the ship . Fucking snitches . Allegedly the " Maschinen-stόrmer " are planning a major sabotage . This junk heap is falling apart anyway , no one would want to sabotage it . Lieutenant Samuel Decker . Transitional Space Authority . in 30 minutes the hold will be sealed off . Whoever wants to get acquainted , you 'd better do it now . At 0200 the engines will ignite . At 0230 we 'll meet in the cryo-chambers . Have a nice journey . According to TSA Resolution 278 , sky marshals will be present on all cargo flights from now on . Just consider me a member of this crew . This is an informational video from the TSA . Since the great collapse , the threat of terrorist attacks has never been as great as it is now . Klaus Bruckner is still on the run after yet another terrorist attack . This man is responsible for the latest bombings on stations 20 , 23 and 24 . In a statement claiming responsibility for the current attacks , Bruckner repeats the reactionary beliefs of the " Maschinen-stόrmer " . " Where do we live ? Inside machines ! " " What are we producing ? Machines ! " " Our enemy is the TSA . " " There will be no peace as long as technology rules us . " " Down with the machines ! Down with the stations ! " Because of the latest events , the TSA has ordered for the the safety of the ships and crews , that all flights be accompanied by a sky marshal . Support your sky marshal in his duty and ... Once again , the shift schedule : Duration , eight and a half months each . I 'll take over the first one . Then Lindbergh , Yoshida , Vespucci , Prokoff , Portmann . Last shift , to offload the cargo , Lindbergh again . If anyone was a problem with this , feel free to knock on Decker 's tank . 3 YEARS AND 8 MONTHS LATER Dear Laura , I 'm sending you sun-rays from Rhea . It 's been so long since I hold you in my arms . It isn 't good for you to do cargo flights . We 're worried . People say that the " Maschinen-stόrmer " are becoming more and more aggressive . But what can we believe when the information is four years old ? I don 't even dare to think what could have happened in the meantime . I hope you are doing well . Please respond soon . See you soon . I miss you Initiating Night Phase . Daylight Phase Initiated . Dear Ariane , I miss you too . You can 't imagine how incredibly cold it is here . I 'll send you some pictures to see the wreck I 'm inside . Just two more months and my shift will be over . We are now four light years away from Earth , transporting construction material to build a space station , so we can fly to Proxima one day . They say there are inhabitable planets out there , too . I wish I could be with you . Don 't worry about me , I 'm fine . See you soon . What are you doing here ? Someone opened the hatch . I automatically woke up . Why did you open the airlock ? You do know that entering the cargo area is strictly forbidden . There is something down there , in the cargo-airlock . - That 's impossible . - There is something behind the hatch . We have to wake the crew . No , the cryo-sleep phases cannot be interrupted . But why don 't you show me where it was ? The regulation says , that in case of emergency we have to wake up the captain . Obviously Dr Portmann is unable to handle loneliness very well . I 'm sorry we had to wake you . You 'd better be sure of what you said . The suits were whirled around by the over-pressure . The compartment was accessed several times during your shift . I hope for your sake that this is just a technical malfunction . Let 's go . The cargo compartment is divided into nine sectors . You take A to C. You take D to F. And I 'll take the rest . Shouldn 't we stay together ? I don 't want to spend the night here . We 'll keep radio contact . The containers are all sealed . Copy that . You should know that , Decker . Haven 't found anything suspicious till now . Except that we are not fully loaded . Over . Same here . Keep searching . Over and out . Lacroix , Laura here . Lacroix ! Shit ! Decker ? Decker ! - What happened ? - Lacroix fell . - What ? Where are you ? - In sector E4-20 . - I 'm going down to sector G. - I 'm coming . Lacroix , can you hear me ? - Is he alive ? - We have to get him out of here . The gate ! According to the regulations , I assume command of the ship . Prokoff , Vespucci , repair the gate . The cargo compartment must be sealed as soon as possible . Yoshida , check all cryo-sleep logs in the main computer for suspicious activities . And you will examine Lacroix 's corpse . I want to know the exact cause of death . Start recording . Multiple rib fractures . Cranio-cerebral injury . Apparently caused by a fall from a great height . Time of death : a few minutes after the impact . I thought we were transporting construction materials . That 's what I thought too . - What 's wrong with the gate ? - Fucking everything . It 's stuck and the gears seem to be broken too . It must have been here . Sealed . I have Lacroix 's badge . A child . It 's a child . The containers are full of people . Vespucci , Prokoff . Yes ? Please come to sector F7-21 . Why the hell are we transporting humans to Station 42 ? What is it now ? Shit ! Get moving ! Go , go , go ! Laura ! What 's going on ? The containers are full of people . It 's none of your business . Lacroix was murdered . Lacroix opened a container and because of the pressure differential he was hurled into the abyss . Someone set the containers in motion and nearly killed us . The containers are moved periodically to keep them from freezing . That 's why access to the cargo compartment is forbidden . Somebody 's on-board the ship . He killed Lacroix and nearly us . Did you know there were people in the containers ? This tank goes back , now . This is a human being ! As a doctor , I am responsible for the people on-board and I will examine this girl . I agree . And I am authorized to investigate any incident on this ship . The containers with the tanks could be related to Lacroix 's death . Then do your duty . But rest assured , I will report this to the authorities . Tank Inspection . Start recording . I 'm not getting any useful scans from the abdomen . Switching to high frequency . HF scans in the cranial area possible . The girl shows weak brain activity . I suspect a cryo-sleep coma . Stopping record . Did you find anything ? It will take some time before I have conclusive results . Can I help ? Yes , maybe . The tank is blocking the scanner and it 's secured with an electronic lock . Did you find anything ? I need anything you can find on Decker . There 's something wrong about him . He should be on our side . - Well ? - An asymmetric RSA encryption . Could take a while . What do you know about Station 42 ? An unmanned station . Officially it 's being upgraded to a transport hub for ships heading to Proxima . And unofficially ? Why did you apply for this mission ? I need the money , that 's all . - You want to go to Rhea ? - Yes . - Why ? - My sister lives there . She won a visa to Rhea seven years ago . She 's living our dream . Probably another automatic shifting . And what if there 's something on-board after all ? Fuck it ! Let 's just fix this and get the fuck outta here . Start recording . The girl 's brain is interconnected with inorganic tissue . Entry point into the body , Cervical C4 , in the vertebral column . Looks as if it grew into her . Or ate its way in . A VR connector . It 's quite sophisticated . I 've never seen anything like this . We could connect her to an external system . Too dangerous . It could result in irreparable neural damage . It 's the only way to find something about the connector . No way . I will not risk the child 's life . Very well . The results of this examination must remain between us . OK ? Ariane . So many things happened that I would like to share with you . Why are we so far apart ? The messages takes ages to arrive . I just don 't understand what 's happening on-board anymore . We found a girl in the hold . I 'm trying to help her . We 'll see each other soon and then I 'll tell you everything . I was so delighted to receive your message ! It 's so good to hear your voice and know that you 're alive . You found a girl ? I don 't get it . I 'd like to talk to you properly . Why does it always take so long for these messages to arrive ? Laura , listen . We don 't want you to do any more cargo flights . Just come to Rhea . You could stay with us for a while . We 'll prepare a room for you and ... I 'm looking forward to seeing you . Soon you 'll be with us . I don 't understand what 's happening here . How is it possible for my sister to answer so quickly ? Why do you know all that about VR neural connectors ? Why shouldn 't I tell anyone about the examination ? What do you know about the people in the tanks ? Who the hell are you ? This is the first officer , Lindbergh , . All crew , report immediately to the bridge . Yoshida scanned all log entries and compared them with the backup . She discovered that a crew member manipulated the log files of the cryo-chambers . Why didn 't you tell us you were repeatedly awakened ? It 's part of my duties to check the ship periodically . So you 're not denying you left the chambers without our knowledge . No , that is correct . Where were you when Lacroix died ? I knew it ! Dirty snitch ! I was in sector F5-1 7 . And as a TSA agent , I do not owe you any explanations . Arrest him . Put your gun down ! I have immunity . You know that . Not for murder . Put your gun down ! I might have believed you if you hadn 't resisted . Vespucci , how much time do you need for the gate ? 48 hours . Dr Portmann , return the tank back to the cargo compartment , now . That 's impossible . I 've gave the patient medication to regresses the filaments in the brain . She 's too unstable . She can 't go back . I don 't care ! I want that tank returned before the gate is repaired . This is an order ! Is this clear ? - Get him to the cryo-chambers . - I must stop the bleeding first or his blood will contaminate the cooling fluid . You 're doing a good job . Did you receive another message from your sister ? Vespucci to the medical ward , please . Laura ! Laura , wait ! We 're not going to Station 42 . Where are we going then ? To Rhea . Could you do me a favor ? Could you check if we 're really heading for Station 42 ? Well ? I was on the bridge and logged into the system . The target coordinates of our flight are confidential and encrypted , but I 'm certain we are not heading to Station 42 . And I 'm also certain that it 's impossible to change the coordinates during the journey . They can only be entered before the departure . I 'll try to figure out where we might be going . But Decker was definitely not able to change the coordinates . How long does it take for a message to get from here to Rhea ? Forever , as usual . Several years ? My sister answered me within just 20 minutes . If that 's true , then Lindbergh lied to us . She 's the only person who can read the target coordinates . Decker told me we are going to Rhea . Hey , hey , hey , look who 's here ! The gate 's been fixed . So Prokoff and I are throwing a little party in the squad rooms . - No time . I 've got work to do . - What about our little party ? Thanks for your help ! But you 'll join us , won 't you , Doctor ? We have heated the room just for this . You won 't be staying long either , right ? The last medic left right afterwards for Rhea . Guys like us will never be able to afford that , huh ? Doesn 't taste that shitty ! Probably the radiator . What are you doing ? The party isn 't over yet . I 'll get Yoshida some tea too . OK , but hurry . And make sure Lindbergh doesn 't notice anything . She 'd ruin our party . Don 't worry , I 'll be right back . Decker ... That son of a bitch is gone . If I get my hands on him ... He was woken up manually . Someone must have helped him . So we have a stowaway on-board . Damn it ! We 'll search the entire ship . You go with Portmann . I 'll go with Prokoff . We 'll start on the main decks . I 'll lock all the hatches . If we don 't find anything , we 'll search the rest . The medical ward is clear . What 's your situation ? Nothing so far . We 're at the air lock . It 's coming from below . Let 's check out the lower deck . Looks like we got him . He must be in this duct . OK , you go in there . I 'll come from the other side . We 'll finish him off . When he notices I 'm coming , he 'll have to turn around . When you see him , shoot him . Boom ! Dead as a doornail ! The bastard ... He killed Yoshida and Lacroix . Don 't forget that . ... deton .. ate ... Everything grows again , like it used to . We 've been lied to us from the very beginning . These plants here are edible . The greenhouses protect the plants from the acid rain . We purify our own water in underground tanks . We 're completely independent from the system . And we are growing in numbers . More and more people join us every day . Freeze ! Laura . Thank God , you 're alive . - Vespucci ! - Calm down . - Where the hell have you been ? - Everything is under control . - We 've got him . - Did you fire the shot ? - Who is that ? - Bruckner . What was your plan ? Don 't try to be a Hero ! Bruckner is dead . Who are you trying to protect ? Rhea ... is a simulation . A lie . - The people in the tanks ... - Nonsense . Their brains are being used as neural units to run the simulation . We communicate daily with people on Rhea . Kuiper Industries is lying to all mankind . - Everything is a cover-up . - Get him out of here . If people knew that parts of Earth are habitable again , the whole system would fall apart . You killed him , didn 't you ? He cracked up . He killed Lacroix . And Yoshida ? Take him away . - How 's your little patient ? - Good . I think we can move her back to the cargo hold . Excellent . Prokoff and Vespucci will help you . We can finally close the gate and you can go into cryo-sleep . I will take over your shift . So you know everything about Rhea . The simulation is just a temporary solution . Settlement on Rhea was a failure from the get-go . The changes to the planet 's ecosystem caused unforeseen consequences . We will find another planet . And we won 't repeat the mistakes we 've made on Rhea . But until then , people need something to live for . They need hope . What happens to those who realize they 're living in a simulation ? The simulation is perfect . I was there myself . It 's impossible for anyone to notice anything . Why are you doing all this ? You just don 't get it . Soon we 'll be on Rhea . But you and your saboteur won 't make it there alive . No one will care about the deaths of the people who murdered the captain . Did you know that we were going to Rhea ? But Rhea is only a simulation ... Who the hell cares ? Better than staying inside this piece of junk . What about my little plants ? You idiot , there will be more plants than you could ever dreamed of . On Rhea , there is everything . Everything ! I couldn 't tell you the truth . Laura , there are many reasons not to trust me . But we 're the only ones who can finish this mission . Will you help me ? Will you help me get my sister out of the tank ? We need two people . It 's impossible to enter the simulation on your own . We 'll dock at Station 42 according to schedule . We can delay the unloading by a 30 minute timer . When the timer expires , Kassandra will unload automatically . Laura and I will fly to the station 's mainframe module and jack her into the system . How 's that going to work ? The simulation hardware is accessible here , in the connection modules . I will connect Laura using this interface , right here , directly to the simulation 's mainframe . She will send a message from Rhea to Earth . In the meantime , I will look for her sister 's tank . After that , we 'll blow up the transponder of the main antenna . The station itself stays fully operational , which means everyone will keep living in the simulation . But they won 't be able to send any messages . Laura 's message will be the last . I hope people back home will believe us . STATION 42 ORBITING RH278 Is Earth really habitable again ? We 've had three expeditions . Nature is rampant . It is reclaiming everything . Whole cities are overgrown up to the second floor . I 'll take Ariane back to Earth . There are millions of tanks , Laura . Even if we do find her I don 't know in what condition she 'll be . She 's been in the simulation for a long time . We have to try . I want to show her Earth . - Has this interface been used before ? - No , it 's a prototype . It works like a external VR neural connector for the simulation . Don 't be afraid . 27 minutes . Hey , don 't you think we should think this over ... ? What ? I 'm doing this for you and for me , the both of us ! I will not pass up this chance . We 'll throw tow guys out of their tanks and get in ourselves . Once the ship is unloaded , we 'll be on Rhea ! Damn it . Prokoff . Can you hear me ? I have Lindbergh 's badge . Reprogram the unload timer to 10 minutes , got it ? Otherwise the other guys will make it back and the containers won 't be unloaded , and we won 't be on Rhea . Got that ? We have to hurry . Meet me in the cargo hold , OK ? Decker ? Can you hear me ? I have problems with my fuel cell . Decker ? Decker ! Laura ? The cell isn 't working properly ... I think ... the nitrogen supply ... Don 't leave the ship ... .. change .. fuel cell ... Rhea , here we come ! Laura ... did .. find .. cell ? ... no I didn 't ... I don 't think ... good idea ... where you are ... I 'm trying to find Ariane 's tank . Laura ... copy ... ? Decker ? Can you hear me ? Decker ! I can 't control my jetpack thrusters ! I 'm drifting off ! Decker ! Where are you ? I can see you . I 've found Ariane 's tank . It 's impossible . I 'm sorry . I want to see her . Set the simulation coordinates to my sister 's place . I 'll send the message from there . OK . Kassandra ! Prokoff and Vespucci ... Those idiots ! We have seven minutes at most . I 'll get you out manually . OK . Look how beautiful it is here . Finally you can actually see it . Finally ... And your room is almost ready too ! You look beautiful . Come in . I 'll show you everything . Kids , look who 's here ! Laura , are you crying ? Ariane , I 'll be right back . OK ? What 's wrong ? I love you , Ariane . Laura , where are you going ? Laura ! My name is Laura Portmann . This is the last message from Rhea . Rhea is not a paradise . Rhea is a simulation . We will provide proof . We were all betrayed . Everything about Rhea is a lie . We don 't need Rhea . We still have Earth . Earth is inhabitable again . Nobody will ever contact Rhea again . We 're destroying the antennae now . - Do you hear me ? - Yes . Good , we must hurry . Kassandra could launch at any time . - You have to go back alone . - Alone ? Yes . - I 'm not leaving without you . - You have to . We won 't make it with just one jetpack . I gave you my fuel cell . It has enough fuel to get you back to Kassandra . I 'm not leaving without you . Go back to the girl . She 's our only proof . The engines . Go . I can 't ! - You can . - No . I love you . Where 's the girl ? No one will ever send messages from Rhea again . My name is Laura Portmann . This is the last message from Rhea . Rhea is not a paradise . Rhea is a simulation . We will provide proof . We were all betrayed . We don 't need Rhea . We still have Earth . Earth is inhabitable again . Nobody will ever contact Rhea again . We 're destroying the antennae now . subs based mostly on PumpAction Surray 's work . Edited in few spots just to make dialogs shorter by pkz , 2015 , Antarctica .
