 The Possibility of an Island " The prophet in Wallonia " " The love of Elohim " How wonderful man is ! In a single human brain , there are more possible connections between nerve cells ... than there are molecules in the entire universe . How wonderful man is ! In the depths of ourselves , as Spinoza said , we think and feel as though we are eternal ! ... that the wearing out of our bodies ; sickness ; wrinkles ; deterioration ... are just accidents . " When I was a child , " said St. Paul , " I spake as a child , " I understood as a child , I thought as a child : " but when I became a man , I put away childish things . " My friends , my very dear friends ... You are not yet children . You are not even babies ! You are just formless larvae , roughly hewn . But you are about to become vibrantly coloured butterflies ! You are about to be born ! The whole of Humanity is about to be born ! My friends , my very dear friends ... believe me ... The physical evolution of man is finished , yes . But his spiritual evolution is just beginning . Two thousand years ago , Jesus announced the Good News on the streets of Palestine . And look what 's happened , two thousand years later , in Palestine . The Prophet came before his time . The promise was not kept . I am here to announce to you the realisation of that promise . I have come to offer you eternal life ! May I ? Sure . We are in step with the March of Time . 67 euros and 40 cents . This little wine is pretty good . God has left . He 's vanished . Without God , man cannot survive . So people are waiting for something else . They no longer believe in anything . They have nothing more to say , nothing further to pass on . Are there any rational reasons left to bear a child , huh ? For a man ? People have not resigned themselves to death . Mankind is unable to resign himself to death . It is against his nature . - - You , uh ... you don 't eat your peppers ? - - No , go ahead . I can 't digest them . - - Where are we tonight ? - - Charleroi . Charleroi ! So what 's going on ? Well , I think the box is dead . - - What box ? - - Well , the gearbox ! You mean that we won 't get there tonight by eight ? - - You think we 'll get there by eight ? - - Definitely not . No , we won 't be there by eight . Three years later . Let me know how you are from time to time . - - Yes , of course . - - Hmm , I don 't believe you . I 'll write to you every day . - - Take care . - - Don 't worry . - - What do you intend to do now ... exactly ? - - Well , take a guess ! Why not just live , eh ? Can 't you see I 'm fed up with your whole thing ? I 'm going to try and live a normal life . More and more people all over the surface of the planet are trying to live normally . All of them try and live a normal life . 6 billion ... 8 billion ... 18 billion ... What we are trying to do here , is to prepare the next step . Because there will be a next step ! There will be something after humanity ! Something ... different ... better ... Well , that 's fine . I shall leave without true regret an existence which has brought me no effective enjoyment . Considering death , we reached a state of mind ... which accorded with the text of the monks of Ceylon . That sought by the Buddhist of the Lesser Vehicle . Our life , at the time of its disappearance ... is like a candle flame we extinguish ... We can also say , in the words of the Supreme Sister , that " Our generations succeed one another , as the pages of a book . " A few years later , I got an alarming letter from my father . He asked me to come to his bedside as soon as possible . We can admit it : it 's an old crate ! The landscape is really beautiful , eh ? I was very surprised by the prices . Can you believe that I only had 399 euros when I left Brussels ? It 's a sort of package ... Accommodation , excursions , uh ... all-inclusive for the entire week , and even the drinks are included . It 's really cheap , isn 't it ? My wife left me last year ... and since then , I decided to travel . It 's much better than moping at home . Just imagine - she moved in with a guy who 's not even 23 years old . I told her : listen girl , you do ... You do whatever you like , uh ... please yourself , but I am not sure he 's going to stay with you for long . Wait and see what happens when you become old and ugly . Anyway ... . Well , have we got a hotel , then ? Are we organised ? Welcome ! Did you have a good trip ? We were a little shaken by the end , but let 's say it was almost pleasant . Your name , please ? - - One person ? - - Yes . - - I 've also rented a car . - - Okay , for car rentals ... go to the end of the parking lot , and you 'll see the counter . Thank you . Well then , I 'll see you at the hotel ! We 'll have a drink by the pool ! Ladies and gentlemen , boys and girls , welcome to the Miss Bikini Contest ! Have we got some pretty girls for you today ! - - Now what 's your name , honey ? - - Ilona . - - Ilona ! Where are you from Ilona ? - - Budapest . Ilona from Budapest . That city 's hot ! And tell me Ilona , who 's your rival in today 's Miss Bikini Contest ? - - Dacha from Kiev . - - Dacha from Kiev ! And tell me Dacha , you think you got what it takes to become ... Miss Bikini ? Now tell me , how old are you sweetheart ? - - Fifteen . - - Fifteen ! - - Is that all ? - - Yes . I 'll have to wait ! Floor 43 . Sorry son ... we 're gonna be late for the next town . What 's going on ? You 're leaving already ? Actually I did not come here on vacation . To tell you the truth , there is a sect that settled here in the west of the island . A sect ? But ... what kind of sect ? One that believes in extraterrestrials . Actually , one that believes extraterrestrials will bring us eternal life . What ? You 'd be involved with those people ? Yes , I knew them before ... You could well have been indoctrinated in there , you know ? You know , it 's just one of those things - it 's not uncommon . Do you have a mobile phone ? Of course , like everybody else ! I brought my GSM ! So it starts with : 00 32 for Belgium 478 161 , and again 161 . Why do you want my phone number ? Just , uh ... to be able to contact you , just in case . By the way , I 've written down everything I know . All right . Any trouble finding the place ? It was okay . How long have you been settled here ? About two years . - - Wait for me , I 'm going to announce your arrival . - - Okay . Help me ! Some water . Feel better ? I saw you in a dream ... three days ago ! You were on a building site ... ALGECO amid a wasteland sitting behind a desk , a telephone next to your hand no documents on the desk only the telephone . And you were hesitating to phone ... Where was this ? It was after the end of the world . Right after the end of the world . The heater was turned all the way up ... It was hot ! And you ? How 's life ? Hi ! I don 't understand where you 're going . - - Will he really come or not ? - - But of course he 'll come ! A week , ten years , three months , uh two days , one day ! Go down and talk to him . I 'll explain later . What we call our personality our ideas , our traits , our memories ... all these are formed through neuronal circuits , and gradually strengthened by an accumulation of sodium and potassium ions . At the moment of death , when the electric current stops circulating in the brain , all those connections vanish in minutes . What we must manage to do , is to store the neuronal structure in the form of a what we call an engrammatic imprint , to re-programme the brain of the new body . So it must be stored on ... on the computer ? In a way . What you see there , is an engrammatic imprint which was conducted on myself last week . The figures are concentrations of sodium and potassium ions ... measured in different parts of the brain . We do the same thing for every follower when he joins the movement . So what is scrolling on the screen is a simplified image of your brain , right ? The problem is that , at present , the most powerful computers we know how to build ... have only a billion circuits , whereas a medium-sized human brain , contains a hundred billion neurons , each of which may establish tens of connections with adjacent neurons . There is of course another problem which is that , unlike computers , the neuronal structure evolves continuously throughout life . Do you really believe he might succeed ? I used to believe in it as much as you do ! In any case , he believes in it . And the other one up there , has always believed in it . And you , do you believe in it ? We have 80,000 followers today worldwide . We are present in 64 territories . Tomorrow , we 'll receive national delegates ... to celebrate , together ... the thirtieth anniversary of the announcement ... of the message of the Elohim . And you no longer need the Elohim ? ! But I believe in Elohim ! Do you have an idea of the size of the universe ? Can anyone seriously believe that we are the only intelligent species in the universe ? What difference does it make ? I believe that a religion cannot exist without belief in something superior ... to humanity . Oh well , that 's what I think . I 'm dying Daniel . Tomorrow at the anniversary evening I am going to announce to the delegates that for me ... the moment has come to leave this embodiment . I am also going to announce them the coming of a successor who will have to carry the message and who will lead Humanity ... to eternal life ! My successor , will be you . Say ! I 'm very glad to see you ! - - Here ! - - Thank you . As you can see , I haven 't opened it . So , how 's it going ? Is the hotel nice ? To be frank ... I 'm only semi-happy with my stay here . ... having arrived to find the tennis courts under renovation , the golf course still unfinished ... " All-included " they said . What a letdown ! I was disappointed by the excursions . As for the activities I 'll spare you the picture , eh ? Grab the tiger 's tail , push the monkey ... Yes , but in the end we get tired pretty quickly , eh ? No , all this has been quite boring . In fact , I 'll be happy to get back to Brussels tomorrow ! What do you do in Brussels ? - - Well ... I 'm a police inspector . - - Ha , I would not have guessed ! I know . You can 't tell at first glance . I 'm here for pleasure though . I don 't deal with sect-related matters , anyway . There are colleagues of mine who do that full time . We have a lot of sects in Belgium , you know . We 're not spared from that either . But never mind . So ... You don 't think that this is a dangerous organization ? No . No , on the contrary . Go figure . One wonders if our life is truly better than theirs . I 'd be curious to know . But , basically , what are these people proposing ? Immortality . That 's one thing we all want to believe in , eh ? It serves as fodder for religions . They 're all the same . Well , in this case , uh ... they are supporters of more ... scientific methods . - - You mean , uh ... cloning ? All that stuff ? - - Not really cloning because they want to directly create new human beings in their adult form - in young but grown-up bodies . I see ... Eternal youth , to put it plainly . Yes , it is a beautiful dream . Yes , but if it is not the same individual and it remembers absolutely nothing , I don 't see what we can get out of it , eh ? Well , that 's exactly the point ... they want to transfer the contents of the brain , to preserve its thoughts and memories . You seem to really believe it , eh ? I do . And I think that science will manage to do it . We have always lived with aging and death . We 've come to think of it as the human condition . But , basically , these are only technical problems . Good grief ! I think people are going to listen to us . Anyway , they have no choice anymore . The prophet has represented these prehistoric scenes so well , with its massacres and cannibalism in the semi-darkness of this gallery . The cities of the future will be ruled by cannibals and predators . They will be everywhere . I can imagine Mexico , the city of my soul , as a large nameless metropolis E383 , B27 ... pervasive chaos ; total chaos . It terrifies me ! For my part , what moves me even more , is the parallel that the prophet draws between prehistoric woman and the modern woman . Her solitude is identical , but for one detail : The little dog . It is only a little mummy 's doggy ; a domestic pet . Exactly - the dog symbolises civilization . The authentic progress ; unconditional love . I love your new perfume . The dog is the wolf 's successor . As for us , we are creating Humanity 's successor . Smile at me . Your lips are like two morning stars . Oh please , Carlichou ! Eternity is within our reach . Once man is able to create life , we will be in a new millennium . As always , the prophet is right . The prophet gives us more than hope . He gives us certainty . No ? Indeed . My friends . My very dear friends ! Welcome , from the bottom of my heart . On this very night , I will go through death . Professor , wait ! - - May I ask you something ? - - Yes , of course . Tell me the truth . Sorry ? Are you sure you can do it ? You doubt it ? Soon , you too will have this power of going through death ! Where I go through , soon , you will follow ... behind me . My friends . My very dear friends ! Small children ! Listen to me carefully ! Death does not exist ! Only life is real ! Are you ready ? Yes . In reality , it took three centuries to reach the goal ... that Miskiewicz had set , right at the beginning of the 21st century . But the first generations of neo-humans , were created through cloning process , from which they sought to free themselves much sooner . The final phase of The First Decrease , that is to say , the melting of ice that was supposed to lead to the immersion of the whole Asian continent , with the exception of Tibet ... and divide by twenty the Earth 's population ... took place at the end of the 1st century of turmoil . The neo-humans , protected by a fault-proof security system , and equipped with a highly dependable and productive system ... and an independent communication network , shoud have survived that trial period without any problem . They shoud have survived with the same ease until The Second Decrease ... brought upon by The Great Drying-Up . The disappearance of human civilisations ... that occurred throughout The Second Decrease ... was marked by the resurgence of tribes , and of barbaric habits and cults . A violent and lawless future was awaiting mankind . Many were already aware of this even before the onset of the first turmoils . The fact that they knew in advance could not have allowed men to prepare , nor even to think about , a solution . Humankind , teaches the Supreme Sister , had to realise its destiny of violence ... until the final destruction . Nothing could have saved it , assuming that such a rescue was even desirable . Come on . Up to now , I have never seen any trace of the large predators . And it is mostly in tribute to an ancient human tradition that I kindled a fire , every night after I pitched camp . Fox easily returned to the atavisms acquired by the dog , ever since it decided to follow man ... many millenniums ago , before returning to its place at the side of the neo-humans . I still have not have understood what humans meant by Love . I still have not have understood the multiple and conflicting meanings they gave to this word . However , after these few weeks of travelling through the inner lands , I 've never felt myself so near Love . I had reached innocence , a harmonious and absolute state of mind . I was happy .
