 ( BUZZER SOUNDS ) ( BUZZER SOUNDS ) - Mr. Jones . - Mr. Kohl . ( CELL DOOR CLOSES ) I have the appeal request all prepared and ready to go . It goes without saying the German government are not big fans of yours . You did , after all , steal state secrets . I think that the best we can hope for is life . Now , all I need is your signature . ( INHALES DEEPLY ) ( RUMBLING ) ( BREATHING DEEPLY ) ( GUARDS YELLING IN GERMAN ) ( IN GERMAN ) ( ALARM BLARING ) Fringe s1e14 Ability ( BELL TOLLING ) OLIVIA : Hey . - Morning . - Is your father about ? - Right here . Why don 't you ask him what he 's doing ? OLIVIA : I 'd rather not . Do you remember that prisoner , Jones , I went to see in ... ? - In Germany , right ? - He escaped . - Good for him . How ? - Nobody knows . It makes no sense . The German authorities came to see me last night . How come when it doesn 't make sense , they come to us ? What we do know is Jones was working with Mitchel Loeb . I remember Loeb . That 's the guy that stole my invention . Yeah . I 'm gonna go talk to him now . Can you describe to me what you made ? What Loeb was stealing ? Why don 't you tell her the truth this time ? He kind of sugarcoated it last time . You did ? Why ? Is it something that could have helped Jones escape ? It was a transportation device . I called it Dizray coined based on the premise disintegration , reintegration . " Dis , " " re , " Dizray . - Are you saying you created ... ? - A teleportation system . Yeah . Except for this one 's meant to travel through time . How 's that ? WALTER : Assuming someone could solve the considerable problems . Coming through , arriving , would require weeks of decompression in a barometric tank . And if you survived that based on what would happen next , you 'd likely wish you hadn 't . So you 're saying that Jones , in theory , could have zapped himself out of prison . Uh ... Yes . MAN : Equilibrium 's been reached . Decompression is complete . ( MACHINE WHINES ) ( AIR HISSING ) MAN : Welcome back , sir . - Cup of tea , please . - Of course . Firstly , I 'd like to thank you for the work you 've done for bringing me here . I understand there have been sacrifices . I am grateful to them , as I am to you . - Everything is in order , then ? - Yes , sir . The list is complete . We 've got a lab set to your specifications . - And the sealant ? - All parts . Good . You know , it 's not a library here , and I don 't make loans . Seventy-five cents , my friend . Of course , it 's old news now , given the Internet . You must be a traditionalist like myself . Hey , hey , hey , I like these . You don 't see the 2-dollar very often . Thanks . I 'll keep it . Okay , so , Tommie , you were right . - Yeah , you see that Grace Kelly ? - She was good . But Jimmy Stewart was better . I 'm creating cinephiles one reader at a time . Now , listen , I want you to check out a movie called Charade . - Ever seen it ? - Never heard of it . Oh . Oh , God . Oh . Oh . ( COINS HITTING THE GROUND ) Oh . Heh . - I guess there 's something in my eyes . - You okay ? I ... Oh ... - Oh , God . - Tommie , you okay ? My eyes . Oh ! ( SCREAMING ) Oh , my God ! Tommie ! Tommie ! ( MUFFLED SCREAMING ) WOMAN 1 : Someone ! ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) WOMAN 2 : Call an ambulance ! He can 't breathe ! - Someone help ! He can 't breathe ! WOMAN 3 : Someone call an ambulance ! ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) BROYLES : Anything yet ? CHARLIE : We might be on to something . Nothing local on Jones but found some financial records for Salman Kohl , Jones ' attorney . - The man found dead in Jones ' cell . - He kept a slush fund maintained ... - ... under an assumed name . - Could be a mistress . Or something less salacious , more interesting . Let me know if you find something useful . MAN : Let 's go . ( GRUNTS ) OLIVIA : I know about David Robert Jones . I know that you helped him escape and that you kidnapped me on that same night . You know where Jones is . You 're not someone I really wanna work with . Your transfer order to Wallens Ridge State Prison . You know what that place is like , Mitchel ? You know what they 're gonna do to you , what it 's gonna be like that first night ? - The second ? - Doesn 't matter if you find Jones or not . He 's just a part of the army . What was written will come to pass , and nothing you do can stop that . Nothing . ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) Agent Dunham . BROYLES : It 's me . Get the Bishops and meet me at Boston General . BROYLES : Name 's Thomas Avery . Runs a newsstand downtown . His prior conditions were high cholesterol and a weak bladder . The whole thing happened in less than two minutes . Ceramides . Act as a signaling molecule in the skin . They control how the cells grow and differentiate . Two thoughts come to mind . The first , that this affliction might have been caused by a mutation changing these lipids to recognize and seal any and all orifices . Did they check his anus and penis ? You think we could get the answer without me in the room ? What was the other thought ? - Sorry ? - You said two thoughts came to mind . Oh , yes . The other was coffee cake . Tiny pebbles of cinnamon sugar . Once again , my father . - You know what this is . - You think Jones ? Peter , help me with this . You talked to Loeb . Did he give you anything ? Maybe . But nothing that relates to this , exactly . I 'm not convinced this is Jones ' work . What interest would he have ... - ... in a newsstand operator ? - That 's what we 're gonna find out . Peter . You got a sec ? OLIVIA : When I saw Loeb , he said something : Jones was doing what had been written . - Meaning what ? Written where ? - Well , I didn 't know . We 've never known what Jones ' group , ZFT , stood for . Maybe it 's not the name of their organization . - What if it 's the name of their bible ? - Interesting . I called a contact at the German authorities asked him to search any known document with those initials . - Did he find anything ? - Yes , he did . ( PETER SPEAKING IN GERMAN ) - ZFT . - ZFT . Scroll down . " Destruction by Advancement of Technology . " It 's a self-published , anonymous manuscript . On their records because it was recovered as evidence in a raid ... - ... in an unrelated case . - They sending it to us ? They would be if it hadn 't been destroyed 10 years ago . So I was hoping that you might have one of your weird connections . Weird connections . - They 're always a little weird . - Well , you 're always a little weird . What do you think ? Come on . I think I got a weird connection . ( BELL TOLLS ) ASTRID : Is he contagious ? If he were contagious , we 'd have several more orificeless bodies by now . Scalpel , please , and an empty IV bag . Empty IV bag ? What exactly are we doing here ? The obvious : Searching for evidence . Any scientific clue to reveal what caused this hear-no-evil , speak-no-evil , see-no-evil malady . The gas trapped within his body may yield important information . ( AIR HISSING ) Worth the study . ( GAGS ) Oh , dear God . That is putrid . On a separate topic , do you like coffee cake ? ( COUGHS ) Take a look at this . I know someone at the SEC . I had her send a list of every business Jones ' lawyer has incorporated for his clients . Figure maybe one or more of them were used to funnel cash to the ZFT . This is all protected by lawyer-client privilege . - How did you get her to break that ? - We dated in college . And she dumped me . Bad . So I told her she owed me one . Heh-heh-heh . I narrowed down the list to U.S. addresses only . Good work . It 's no First Folio . Some tanning . Pretty badly shelf-cocked . - I can give you 40 for it . - Okay . You don 't wanna make that deal . First-edition Land of Laughs ? No matter what condition it 's in , it 's worth at least twice that . Mm . - Thanks . - Have a great day . Is that really necessary ? You know me , Markham . Friend of the people . MARKHAM : What about me ? Aren 't I people ? - People who shower . - Oh . - Who 's this friend ? - Olivia Dunham . Five dollars I can name at least one item on your nightstand . Don 't tell me . You 're gonna like this . I 'm never wrong . It 's a gift . Okay , Toni Morrison novel , something by Obama and / or the current issue of Bon Appétit . I 'm reading Advanced Forensic Science by Annemann . I keep it next to my gun . Oh . I like this one . This one 's just a friend , and we need a favor . Anonymous , self-published manuscript . Uh ... " Destruction by Advancement of Technology . " - Sounds sexy and very challenging . - Peter says you 're good . Well , he also says that you 're just a friend , so ... - The book , Markham . We need it . - Today , right ? Right . Impress me . Nothing interests me less than impressing you . ( PETER CHUCKLES ) CHARLIE : I think I may have something . Warehouse building in Austin leased to Jones ' attorney . Power was cut off for months . Two weeks ago , it was turned back on . - The day Jones escaped from prison . - Could be a safe house . ( DIALING ) This is Broyles . I need a search warrant authorized . - Sir ? - Yeah , a warehouse in Austin ... - Sir , this can 't wait . - What is it ? There 's a man downstairs , says his name is David Robert Jones . CHARLIE : Everybody down . AGENT : Down , down , down ! CHARLIE : Don 't move ! - Jones . CHARLIE : Freeze ! I will speak only with Agent Olivia Dunham . HARRIS : And he just turned himself in . BROYLES : Two hours ago . Said he 'd only speak to Agent Dunham . Hasn 't said a word since . HARRIS : Anything else ? Anything on how he escaped from prison ? BROYLES : No information . Just another question . - A key . HARRIS : What key ? BROYLES : Found on him when he turned himself in . No markings on it . Forensics is doing their thing . - He wanted us to find it . - He wants to talk to me . Let me in there . Jones doesn 't dictate the terms . He wouldn 't be a captive if it wasn 't under his terms . Jones is here because he wants to be . The United States doesn 't negotiate with terrorists . That 's exactly the kind of arrogance he 's expecting . - What ? - The man was clever enough to Star Trek himself out of a maximum-security German prison elude Interpol , arrive in Boston , and get himself apprehended simply because he liked the idea . He 's expecting us to reject his request . And your choice ? Give Jones what he wants to demonstrate we can be anti-dogmatic ? I don 't think that 's what you 're saying , is it ? Since he arrived in town , a man was killed in a gruesome way . - We don 't know that was Jones . - It was . He has more planned . HARRIS : And you know that how ? - I don 't know how to justify a hunch . - I don 't see ... - This isn 't a gentlemen 's club . Mr. Jones doesn 't get to choose the pretty one . Wanna get him to talk ? Join the raid on that warehouse in Austin . See what you find . - How is that ... ? - Relevant ? Well , because right now , he 's just an escaped prisoner . But if he 's playing games , as you say , I doubt he 's here to help us . Show me some evidence that connects him to that incident downtown . ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) OLIVIA ( OVER PHONE ) : Agent Dunham . - I got it . The ZFT book . Stop it . Already ? Markham found some guy who collects scientific ephemera , he had a copy . The thing was never published . It was never even proofed , but check this out . " The advances of science , which is supposed to expand our knowledge will , if not carefully controlled , destroy the world as we know it . " - So it 's light reading . - Wait , it gets better . " Our technological ambitions ... " ... have not only driven us to the brink of catastrophe the catastrophe has already begun . What will the apocalypse look like ? The answer , to use a term generally understood the specifics of which you can 't imagine which this document will attempt to describe ... " ... is warfare . " - And that 's just the foreword . - Well , keep reading . Will do . Where you headed ? We 're going to raid a building that we think may be a safe house . - Alpha team clear . - Bravo clear . AGENT 1 : Delta clear . AGENT 2 : Echo clear . AGENT 3 : We 're clear . ( AGENTS CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY ) CHARLIE : What is it ? It 's me . He was here . I want everything bagged and tagged . Move fast . I 'd like to ask you some questions . No , I believe I made myself clear . There is another I wish to speak to . I 'm afraid Agent Dunham is preoccupied . So lucky you , you get me . ( COUGHING ) You don 't look well . Which is why I was hoping to speak with Agent Dunham as soon as possible . I prefer to avoid any additional , unnecessary deaths . Now , when Agent Dunham comes to see me I will require the following items . A standard walkie-talkie with removable crystals metallic ballpoint pen , and an eyeglass-repair kit . An analog wristwatch . Your watch would do . - You sure you don 't need anything else ? - Quite sure . Yes . ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) ( DOOR BANGS ) OLIVIA : Anything ? - Nothing criminal . All right . Let 's lock it up and get back . ( KEMP SCREAMS ) ( KEMP GRUNTING , SCREAMING ) What the hell ? I need a med kit now ! Quick , help me hold him . He 's suffocating . I need to trach him . ( EXHALES ) Oh , come on , come on . Okay , breathe . ( AIR HISSING ) Okay . He 's breathing . No , no , no ! Oh , God . - Where are we ? - We 've got audio . Visual coming up right now . Move in closer on this . I wanna record every twitch . ( COUGHING ) Finally , a welcome face . A colleague of mine just died . He was 27 years old . He was due to get married next month . Yes , I tried to prevent that . Your Agent Harris needed some convincing . OLIVIA : Here I am . - Have you brought the items I requested ? This will only take a moment . Move in on this , and the hands . ( BEEPING ) The hell 's he doing ? That 's a thousand-dollar watch . ( HIGH-PITCHED NOISE OVER SPEAKER ) - What 's happening in there ? - I don 't know . I 've managed to get us some privacy . It 's just you and me now , but we haven 't much time . You were responsible for what happened to Thomas Avery . I 'm simply the stage setter . An example that doesn 't need to be followed . Well , that implies that you 're planning something else . Something far worse , yes . - What is it ? - First , I need your services . What the hell do you want ? I need you to pass a test . Get Dunham out . That device is blocking our surveillance system . He can 't hurt her , Sanford . He 's just trying to show you who 's in charge . When I turned myself in , there was a key in my pocket as I 'm sure you 're aware . Take the key , which I assume is in Forensics . Go to Salem , the amusement park on Policy Street . I 've left something there for you . ( GASPS ) - Oh ! - You need medical attention . All the assistance in this world could not cure me , Miss Dunham . It seems that when one is dematerialized on a molecular level and then reassembled there are certain unadvertised side effects . But who knows ? Perhaps this task I have for you could lead to something that might help me . Tell me about the attack you 're planning . - I 'd call it insurance . - I don 't care what you call it . As we speak , a white cargo van is transporting an explosive device capable of killing hundreds in the manner of the newspaper salesman and your deceased colleague . - Is it set to go off ? - Sixteen hours from now . Before anything , you are going to disable ... No , you are . But first there 's the matter of the key . - Enough . I want you out of this room . JONES : Don 't worry , Miss Dunham . If I wanted to harm you , I would have . Long ago . Apologies about the watch . Jones is planting a device somewhere , capable of killing in the same way that guy from the newsstand died . He won 't say where or when . We need every white van rented within the last 48 hours tracked down . In the meantime , I need two hours alone . - Why ? Where you going ? - To get a massage . I 'll tell you when I get back . OLIVIA : Hey , it 's me . Where are we at ? PETER : We know how folks are ending up faceless . It 's a powdered toxin that 's absorbed through the skin . It triggers a hyperactivity in the protein responsible for scar tissue . - You want any more detail than that ? - Not really . Did you hear that Jones turned himself in ? - I did . You get anything ? - Yeah , that he 's crazy . And he 's planning on using that toxin again , and soon . How 's Walter coming with the antidote ? He 's working on it . He says , and I quote : " lt 'll be ready when it 's ready , and not a moment before . " Great . Anything in the manuscript that might suggest what Jones ' endgame is ? It reads like a happy combo between an anti-science manifesto and a call to arms . - Call to arms against whom ? - Exactly . I 'll call you when I get to the good part . Yeah . Maybe it 'll help us figure out where this next attack is gonna be . I 'll be back as soon as I get the package . PETER : Okay . - Was that Olivia ? PETER : Yeah . Where 's the manuscript ? - Is she bringing coffee cake ? - No , she 's not getting food . Have you seen the manuscript I was reading ? WALTER : It 's fascinating , isn 't it ? I was just reading it whilst sitting on the crapper . Please , no more information . Can I have it back ? I must read you one excerpt . Great . Well , grab the blankie . It 's nap time . WALTER : " We think we understand reality . But our universe is only one of many . The unknown truth is that the way to travel between them has already been discovered by beings much like us but whose history is slightly ahead of our own . The negative aspects of such visitations will be irreversible both to our world and to theirs . It will begin with a series of unnatural occurrences difficult to notice at first , but growing , not unlike a cancer until a simple fact becomes undeniable : Only one world will survive ... " ... and it will either be us or them . " OLIVIA : " Miss Dunham , I know how this appears : That I 've sent you quite a distance to pick up a box of children 's games . But what I 've hidden here is not a game at all . You are holding an evaluation system , a series of tests designed to cultivate specific , innate skills present in particular individuals . Do the first test only . Complete it successfully and come back to see me . " Do this , and no one else will die . " I got the instructions . So Jones is threatening to kill hundreds of people unless I take a test . - Unless you pass a test . - What does my passing a test ... - ... have to do with Jones killing people ? - In a word : insanity . You can 't pose rational questions when you 're dealing with Jones . Indeed . And whatever Mr. Jones' true goal may be we only have eight hours left until his next attack . " Test one . " Of 10 , by the way . " Turn switch on . The recruit sits no more than 24 inches from the device but cannot touch the light board . The recruit focuses on light board . The object of the test is to shut down the lights ... " ... so that , ultimately , none are illuminated . " - How ? - Using all your magic powers , I guess . Curious . The instructions refer to the recruit . The author of the manuscript uses the same term . " Many warriors of the inevitable confrontation are among us now ... " ... but before they can be considered soldiers they must be regarded as recruits ... " ... and the expectation must be that they shall be unwilling . " So I 'm supposed to just turn these lights off by looking at them ? It wouldn 't be much of a test if we could take out the battery . Fine . ( INHALES DEEPLY ) ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) - Dunham . - We just got a hit . Steady Car Rentals in New Haven leased a white van yesterday morning ... And you 're gonna love this . ... to one Olivia Dunham . - No . - Oh , yeah , he 's messing with you , Liv . Got police scouring the area . So far , no luck . Thanks , Charlie . This is just a stupid mind game . - Where are you going ? OLIVIA : To end it . HARRIS : I will not let him use that device . If you 're gonna meet with Jones , I want full surveillance . Sir , the last time you got your way , we lost a good agent . Do you really wanna get in the way again ? We have less than seven hours before something horrific will happen . Something I 'm trying to stop . And for some reason , Jones is out to get me . So , sir , would you please let me handle this ? ( DOOR CLOSES ) - I got your test kit . - You didn 't bring it ? - I didn 't need to ... - Your reluctance is expected . - I know what you 're doing , Mr. Jones . - I 'm trying to get you to pass test one . I know about the manuscript . The manifesto . ZFT . I know you believe that there 's some war coming ... - You 've read it ? - You 're recruiting warriors . That 's the word you used , isn 't it ? You don 't believe you 're worthy ? I believe everybody , even you , is entitled to their belief system but somehow , you got me into your head . Somehow ? Yes . You were among those treated with Cortexiphan . It 's why we had you taken . We needed confirmation something which requires a spinal tap . The next step , had you not escaped , was to convince you of this . I have never been treated with Cortexiphan . - I haven 't even heard of it . - You wouldn 't have . I don 't believe you , Mr. Jones . I believe you 've created some ridiculous scenario where people 's lives rely on me attempting and failing an impossible task . - The task is hardly impossible . - I will not let people die because of some stupid game . - This is no game . - You need to cooperate , Mr. Jones . No , Miss Dunham , it is you who needs to cooperate . ( GROANING ) Mr. Jones ? MAN : Pulse slowing to 50 beats per minute . - Get him up there . Astrid , set up the EKG . - Is this the patient ? PETER : Walter , put the cow away , would you ? - What is this place ? - It 's a freak show . Thanks for your help . Thank you . ( MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY ) - It is happening quicker than I imagined . - What 's happening ? You understand this man teleported through space ? His molecules disintegrating and reintegrating . I mean , the very implications of it ... We need a video camera . We should record this . This man is our chance to stop a device that could kill a lot of people . - I need you to stabilize him . - Of course . - Okay . - Point taken . I 'll do a thorough exam . Meanwhile , get me 50 cc 's of saline , please . PETER : Hey , Astrid , do you mind ? - Sure . No , of course they did . Why am I not surprised ? - Thanks , Charlie . - Anything ? Yeah . That drug Jones claims is in my body , Cortexiphan ? It 's a drug patented , but not approved , by the FDA . - Patented to whom ? - To Massive Dynamic . ( CHUCKLES ) - Why am I not surprised ? - That 's what I just said . Jones ? Walter 's replenishing his fluids . He 's gonna have to give him a full exam before we know if he can wake him up . I 'm gonna find out what I can about Cortexiphan but in the meantime , he 's actually expecting me to be able to do it . - To do what ? - Test number one . The flashing lights . Jones won 't cooperate unless I pass the test . You think we can trick him ? What are you asking me to do ? You want me to open up the light box ? You could see what you could do . OLIVIA : Thank you for seeing me at such short notice . As I said , I am always available to you , Olivia . What can I do ? I need information on a drug called Cortexiphan . Doesn 't ring a bell . Let me check . ( DEVICE BEEPING ) ( SIGHS ) Is everything all right ? My hand . It 's been acting up . I need to have it looked at . Ha . ( BEEPING ) Oh , yes . I recall this . Cortexiphan . It was part of a clinical trial of a drug that Dr. Bell created in ' 81 . What is it , if you don 't mind ? Dr. Bell theorized that the human mind at birth is infinitely capable and that every force it encounters ... Social , physical , intellectual . ... Is the beginning of a process he referred to as limitation a diminishing of that potential . And Cortexiphan ? It was meant to limit that limitation to prevent the natural shrinking of that brain power . - To prevent , not undo . - Meaning ? - The drug was administered to children . - Yes . The drugs were extensively animal-tested . They were harmless to the children who received them . Unfortunately , they were also unsuccessful so Dr. Bell abandoned his research on Cortexiphan in 1983 . - And where were the trials ? - Dr. Bell conducted the trials himself at Ohio State University , Wooster Campus . - Nowhere else ? - No . Why , if you don 't mind me asking ? Nothing . It 's good to know . OLIVIA : No matter what Jones believes , I was never given the drug . William Bell conducted his trials in Ohio . In 1981 , I was 3 , living in Jacksonville , Florida . My dad was stationed at the Naval base there . That 's great . In other news Walter thinks he 's gonna be able to revive Jones soon and I was able to reprogram the light box . - We should be able to fake Jones out . - I knew you could do it . See you soon . ( DOOR OPENS , CLOSES ) PETER : If there 's cardiac arrest , we 'll need nitroglycerin . Peter , prepare . ( GASPING ) Mr. Jones , we have two hours before your planned attack hits and I think I 've passed test number one . Dr. Bishop without your extraordinary work I wouldn 't have ever had the pleasure of making your acquaintance . I locked the teleporter away for a reason , one of which you are now experiencing . Nevertheless , it is an honor . Jones , I pass the test , you tell us everything we need ... - ... to stop whatever you 're planning . - That was always the deal . ( OLIVIA EXHALES , SNIFFS ) ( INHALES DEEPLY ) ( BREATHING DEEPLY ) Well done , Miss Dunham . Thank you . - Your turn . - Indeed . 923 Church Street , 47th floor . You better hurry . This is Agent Dunham . I need immediate evac , 923 Church Street . There 's a device on the 47th floor . ( SOFTLY ) Nicely done . Good performance . CHARLIE : I need these streets cleared now ! Anyone within a four-block radius has to move ! Go ! Double time ! ( HELICOPTER WHIRRING ) OLIVIA : Hey . Where are we ? Building 's about 70 percent clear . We lucked out . They 're undergoing renovations , so not all the floors are occupied . - So the device ? - This one 's a real mess . Bomb squad says they can 't move it ... - ... or defuse it . - Why ? CHARLIE : They 've never seen wiring like this . Oh , my God . It 's rigged here for a reason : to blow out the windows . OLIVIA : Four blocks ain 't gonna cut it . - Not even close . I 'm on it . Contact the weather service . We need to map the fallout pattern . And get FEMA up to speed . ( PHONE RINGING ) Agent Farnsworth . It 's me . That son of a bitch knew what we were doing . - What ? - He knew that we were faking him out . Is he still conscious ? ASTRID : Barely . - Put him on . ASTRID : It 's Olivia . - Hello , you . - I can 't do this . JONES : I remain confident that you can . Look , you know what I did before , it wasn 't real . Yes . I know , Miss Dunham . Before they can be considered soldiers , they must be regarded as recruits and the expectation must be that they shall be unwilling . Mr. Jones , I am willing . I am willing , but I am not able . - We gotta go . - There 's one way to disable that device , and you know what that is . Okay . You think that I 'm valuable . Valuable enough to kidnap , to train . You are a rare commodity , true . Okay , if you don 't deactivate this device , I 'm gonna die which means that your rare commodity is gone . But I have one thing , Miss Dunham , that you do not . I have faith in you . There is no red wire , no blue . Only black . Cut any one of them and the device blows . Try and remove it and the device blows . And if those lights are still on when the timer hits zero the device blows . There is only one way out , and it 's you . ( PHONE BEEPS ) ( EXHALES ) Okay , we need to get these people out of here . Whoa , whoa , where are you going ? Olivia , we gotta go . What did Jones say ? - Olivia . - I need to do this . There 's no other way . If you stay here , you are going to die . I 'm not doing this with you , Olivia . You 're out of your mind . ( TIMER BEEPS ) ( CHUCKLES ) You did it . What was that ? How did you do that ? I don 't know . I don 't know . ( SIGHS ) ( PHONE RINGS ) Farnsworth . Yes , sir . ( CHUCKLES ) Thank you . We will . JONES : Wait . Wait . - She did it , didn 't she ? - It seems she did . My girl . You okay ? I didn 't do anything with those lights . He planned it . Jones . It was all just a mind game . How do you plan it ? Plan what ? They were programmed to turn off . Maybe , but he couldn 't have known when you were gonna arrive . - He couldn 't have known the timing . - Well , that 's what he did . I 'm the last to subscribe to this stuff , but you were in the zone out there . The way you stared down that box was like nothing I 've ever seen . - It wasn 't me . - Fine . Let me play devil 's advocate . Why did Jones choose you at all ? Because of your father . He wanted to meet your father . The man who designed the device that let him escape from prison . And you think that 's what all this was about ? Okay . Fine . Look , all I know is I didn 't die tonight so I 'm pretty much willing to accept any explanation you wanna give . You wanna go get a drink or five ? I 've seen you with a whiskey bottle . ( CHUCKLES ) Jones was just transferred to Boston General , so ... I have a few questions for him . - It 's my last chance . - Yeah . ( SIGHS ) ASTRID : So in all the excitement of today , I forgot to say something . I haven 't overlooked the fact that you actually created a teleportation machine . WALTER : Well , I suppose I did . Which , despite the fact that using it kills you is pretty damn cool . Kills you ? It does something unthinkable but it doesn 't kill you . WOMAN ( OVER P.A. ) : All personnel follow emergency guidelines . Repeat , all personnel ... - ... follow emergency guidelines . MAN : We need the evidence . - Nearest emergency exit . All personnel , follow emergency guidelines . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) ( SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE ) ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) - Hello ? - Agent Dunham ? Nina Sharp . Hand 's back to normal . Good for you . I was curious about that question you asked whether there were other places where Cortexiphan was tested . - Yes ? - There was , it turns out a second clinical trial though much smaller than the one in Ohio . - There was ? - Yes , in Jacksonville , Florida at a military base . Agent Dunham ? Thank you very much for calling . You 're most welcome . Have a good night . ( PHONE BEEPS )
