 NARRATOR : Previously on Fringe : - Olivia Dunham , FBI . - A series of events has occurred . It 's being referred to as the Pattern . Anybody you need , you can have . OLIVIA : His name 's Walter Bishop . He worked out of Harvard in an area called fringe science . BROYLES : Certain individuals have been granted clearance regarding the Pattern , including Nina Sharp . Massive Dynamic is one of the ten largest economic entities in the world . OLIVIA : No matter where my investigations take me they always come back here . You should know what you 're getting into , Agent Dunham . ( SIRENS BLARING ) - Get out of the car . Hands on your head . WILLIAMS : This is Officer Williams . - Hostage appears unharmed . - I said get out of the car now . Step away from the car . Down on your knees . You okay ? You have no idea what you 're dealing with . Is that right ? What the hell are you doing ? Gibson , I 'm talking to you . Gibson . ( GUNSHOT ) ( GASPING ) ( GUNSHOT ) Fringe s2e07 Of Human Action BROYLES : Running security photo through facial recognition software . Should have the kidnappers ' names within the hour . Preliminary ballistics confirms that Williams fired all three shots . - Including the one that killed her ? - Self-inflicted . Far as we can tell , the kidnappers don 't even have guns . - Who 's the kid ? - Tyler Carson , 15 years old . According to NYPD , he disappeared 36 hours ago . They 're still running leads . Walter , remember that conversation we had about personal space ? I 'm bored . No cadavers at this crime scene . Or food . Walter , they 're transferring the bodies to your lab now . There 's no need . I 've already formed a hypothesis as to what happened here . Mesmerism . Hypnotism . The victims have obviously been subjected to subliminal suggestions of a violent nature . Walter , hypnosis can 't make you do anything that you don 't want to do . Take a look at this . The kidnapped kid 's father . He works for Fleming-Monroe . The aerospace division of Massive Dynamic . I already have a call in to Nina Sharp . Ms. Sharp 's office is right this way . Dr. Carson is in there waiting with her now . Miss . The screen in the elevator said there were 73 laboratories . Is that right ? Yes . It 's amazing . Dr. Carson , why didn 't you call the police sooner ? I didn 't even know he was gone until I got the call from them the men who took him . Tyler and I don 't talk much . I just figured it 's because of his age . You know what teens are like . But I guess that 's just an excuse , isn 't it ? So , what did the kidnappers say ? Just to wait for further instruction . Ms. Sharp , the two men identified in those photographs . You absolutely certain they have no connection to your company ? Yes , we cross-referenced their names with our employee database . Patrick Hickey and Tom Dobbins have never worked for us . They had no peripheral involvement with any of our clients or partners . According to the police , they 're used car salesmen . - Been no indication of their demands ? - No , not yet . So is it possible that these men are trying to extort secrets from Massive Dynamic ? We have come to the same conclusion . Well , would you care to share what kind of secrets ? Dr. Carson performs sensitive and highly classified work on military aircraft designs , piloting software , guidance systems . What I do here , it 's my life . It 's the only ... Tyler 's mother died when he was just a boy . And now if ... If I lose him , I don 't know what I 'd do . I 'll get him . Excuse me . Dr. Carson , we will do everything we can to try and find your son . PETER : Hey , Walter . What are you doing ? WALTER : Massive Dynamic was just a name until now . Did you know that I once shared a laboratory with William Bell ? You might have mentioned that once or twice . Look how much he 's achieved . You know , he introduced me to her . To whom ? Your mother . After the neurobiology conference in Berlin . It was her idea , you know that Belly and I would one day form a company together . He just couldn 't wait , I suppose . But thankfully , she was still there for you while I was gone . I 'm hungry . ( DOOR CHIME RINGING ) Give me all the cash in the register . You kidding me ? You don 't even have a gun . Just do it before somebody gets hurt . Hey , buddy . Is there gonna be a problem here ? You really don 't want to get involved in this . Think I just did . ( SCREAMING ) Get out of my store . You should 've just given up the money . ( SHOUTS ) Remind me to never get a job as a convenience store clerk . Any witnesses ? Both victims are in intensive care at University Hospital . So no statements anytime soon . Stealing food and knocking over convenience stores ? They don 't really seem like they have much of a plan . No . There 's a second feed on the door . - He looks so scared . PETER : So why doesn 't he run ? Could just make a break for it . Far too soon for Stockholm syndrome to have kicked in . Well , maybe your father 's right . Maybe one or both of them are controlling people through hypnotic suggestion . They could just get the clerk to give them the cash . Why the carnage ? Maybe they 're silencing the witnesses . They don 't want us to know how it works . ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) Dunham . Owner of the dealership where the kidnappers worked said Hickey and Dobbins were his best salesmen . Is there anything out of the ordinary about these guys ? BROYLES : Model employees . Owner was mystified as to how they got mixed up in this . They each made a sale that morning . Took one of his loaner cars out for lunch and never came back . Okay . Broyles says the suspects were good at their jobs . No criminal record . Boss loves them . So how do these two become kidnappers ? PETER : Think they could be spies ? Maybe they 're hiding out in plain sight . Foreign intelligence agents often take mundane jobs . They can blend in while they gather information . There 's certainly nothing more mundane than being a used car salesman . Throw in Massive Dynamic and your father 's theory on hypnotism it starts to add up . Chicken . You 're serious ? Just a hypothesis . What , do you think more like pork ? I don 't spend a lot of time thinking about what human brains would taste like . Then why did you ask ? I was asking what you expected to find with this brain . Huh ? Well , normally hypnosis would simply , ugh , boost the alpha waves of the brain with no visible effect . But given the extreme nature of the suggestions in the policewoman 's case I suspect there might be lesions on the brain . Visible damage . Yes . Oh , my . Thank you . Now , this is not hypnosis . It is mind control . - There 's a difference ? - Peter was right . Hypnosis can only go so far . Suggesting , but not forcing behavior . Look , look , look . Hematomas on the brain matter , indicating actual trauma . The result of conflicting neural impulses . A conflict of mind and body . - Is that what killed them ? - Oh , no , no . The bullet took care of that . But mind control could cause brain damage . I theorize that the power operates through the cochlear nerve . - You mean sound . WALTER : Yes . An auditory trance is a far more effective path for manipulation than the other senses . But again , it 's just a hypothesis . Even if we find them , nobody can get near them ... - ... as long as they have this talent . - Work out how to block it . Ransom call could come any minute . Need to be ready . Right . Right , right . I don 't understand . Why are we just standing around ? - Shouldn 't we do something ? - Dr. Carson . I have my very best agents on the case . But you need to be here when the kidnappers call . Special Agent Broyles ? We 've just received a call for Dr. Carson . It 's his son . TECHNICIAN : We 're ready , sir . - Hello . TYLER ( OVER PHONE ) : Dad ? - It 's me . - Tyler , are you okay ? Just give them what they want , please . HICKEY : You 've seen that we won 't hesitate to do whatever 's necessary to get what we want . Please , listen . I 'll do anything you need . HICKEY : Two million dollars , unmarked bills . The industrial park off I-78 , west of Newark Airport , 5 p.m. If you 're even a minute late , your son dies . No , please , listen ... Tyler ? ( DIAL TONE HUMMING ) TECHNICIAN : No luck , sir . He hung up too soon . Money ? All they want is money ? I can sell the house , cash in my stock options ... Massive Dynamic will cover any ransom . Trying to squeeze a major international corporation with a kidnapping ? Doesn 't add up . Money 's the distraction . They want something else . They took your son for a reason . So , what now ? We set a trap . ( SINGING ) Baa , baa , black sheep Have you any wool ? Yes , sir , yes , sir Peter , we 're running out of time . You have any idea what your father 's looking for ? No , he just muttered something about my childhood . Here it is . It generates white noise which simulates the sound of being in utero . ( CHURNING SOUND PLAYS FROM TOY ) Just what we need to block the mind control . PETER : A teddy bear versus mind-control spies . The bad guys don 't stand a chance . Dr. Carson will meet the kidnapper with the briefcase . So take no action until the exchange is complete . We want clean shots only . We want them alive if possible , but the boy 's safety comes first . This is exciting . Do you think the FBI will ever give me a gun ? Dr. Bishop will now explain how to use the equipment that you 've been provided . Yes . Hello . I 'm , uh , Dr. Walter Bishop . You 've been given a set of audio-dampening earphones like this which will give off a steady stream of white noise . Hmm . They make it so the kidnappers can 't control you with sound . Now put them on . We gotta do a sound check . ( CHURNING SOUND PLAYING ) My son Peter 's teddy bear emits ... ( INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE ) As you listen , you may feel a sense of deep tranquility as if you had returned to your mother 's womb . PETER : Walter , you 're gonna need this . - Thank you , Peter . You will now be able to hear my voice . Each of your team leaders will have a microphone like this one . You will not be able to communicate with each other directly . All commands will come through the headphones . Once you are ordered to put on the headphones do not remove them under any circumstances . If you do , you may die a gruesome and horrible death . Thank you for your attention and have a nice day . ALPHA LEADER ( OVER RADIO ) : Alpha Team in position . BRAVO LEADER ( OVER RADIO ) : Bravo Team in position . ALPHA LEADER : Agent Dunham . We have a brown sedan entering on the north side . OLIVIA : Do you see Tyler in the vehicle ? ALPHA LEADER : That 's a negative . OLIVIA : All teams , stand by and hold position . Bravo Team , what 's your status ? BRAVO LEADER : We have somebody moving in on foot . ALPHA LEADER : Copy that . Possible suspect on route to Dr. Carson . All units , headphones on . Team leaders , move communications to microphones . ( CHURNING SOUND PLAYING ON HEADPHONES ) ( INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE ) OLIVIA : Contact made . Can anyone see the hostage ? ALPHA LEADER : This is Alpha leader . Negative . I 've got nothing . BRAVO LEADER : Bravo . Negative on my end too . OLIVIA : All units , move . Move . ( MOUTHS ) Walter . Stay here . ( MOUTHS ) Help me . Help me . Help me . You can lose the stupid headphones . They don 't work . Take me to your car . OLIVIA : Agent Balick , this is Agent Dunham . BALICK : Copy . Go for Balick . Any sign of Tyler Carson ? BALICK : Negative . We did two full sweeps . This place is abandoned . Olivia . Agent Dunham . Where is he ? Tyler ? We 're still looking for him , Walter . No , no . I don 't mean Tyler . I mean Peter . - I thought he was with you . - He 's gone . I can 't find him anywhere . Uh , has anyone seen Peter Bishop ? DOBBINS : I told you , we were the hostages in that car . Tyler Carson wanted you to kidnap him ? I 'm saying he made us do it . He worked us like puppets . He forced us to drive . He made us watch all those people die . - What about the ransom call ? - I told you . He made us say what he wanted . - How did he do that exactly ? DOBBINS : I don 't know how . You think I wanted to saw off my own finger ? He made me do it when I tried to get away . That friend you keep talking about ? You better pray he 's not with that kid . - Head hurts pretty bad , huh ? - Ugh . That happens when you try to fight it . I can make it stop if you do what I say . Yes . ( PETER GROANING ) Keep driving straight . You know your father 's worried about you . Awesome . Come on , let 's pull over and talk about ... Hey , bad idea . What are you doing ? Let 's see how fast this piece of junk can go . Kid , you 're gonna get us killed . ( CAR HORNS HONKING ) - You ready to behave ? - Yes . Just so we 're clear , I can make you do whatever I want . I can control all of you or just part of you . You know what , kid ? You 're a real son of a bitch . OLIVIA : It 's Tyler . Tyler is the kidnapper . This is from a traffic cam on I-95 . He 's the one controlling people . He 's taken Peter hostage . How could this have happened ? The son of one of your top scientists can control people 's minds . Surely that 's not a coincidence . Well , it doesn 't seem possible , but ... Dr. Carson works in aerospace , but on one project he 's collaborating with the pharmaceutical division . What project ? NINA : This is our flight simulation deck . What you 're watching is a live test of our prototype hands-free guidance system . OLIVIA : Hands-free navigation . So who 's controlling the jet ? NINA : Electrodes in the pilot 's helmet are picking up on his thought patterns which send commands to an onboard computer . The pilot has been given a pharmaceutical enhancement a drug to amplify his brainwaves . Makes it easier for the electrodes in the helmet to read them . Dr. Carson , did you perchance expose your son to this so-called pharmaceutical enhancement ? Massive Dynamic has strict testing protocols . Family members are absolutely ruled out as test subjects . Oh , my God . I took some samples home for further research . Tyler might have found them . I got a question . How far away can you control people ? You mean how far do you have to run ? Nice try . - When did you figure out ... ? - Not telling you anything . Genius , the second you took me , they knew you were behind it all . Whatever . You had no idea I was the one in charge . Heh , heh . Yeah , you managed to kidnap yourself . Congratulations . You 're a criminal mastermind . Screw you . You haven 't thought this out . You don 't have a plan . Shut up . You sound just like my father . Oh , come on . That 's what this is about ? Some sort of vendetta against your dad ? Think you 're the first kid whose father didn 't think he was good enough or smart enough ? Take a number . But it doesn 't make sense . Even if Tyler did take the drugs they 're designed to work on computer systems , not other human beings . The brain is a computer , doctor . It 's an organic computer . It can be hijacked like any other . So how old is this boy ? Fifteen ? Still going through puberty ? Yes ? - Yes . WALTER : Yes . His system flooded with hormones , affecting his neurotransmitters opening up the pathways for the uptake of psychoactive chemicals . Yes ? - I suppose it 's possible . - Oh , yes . It 's possible . And was he by chance taking any prescription medicine ? Psychostimulants , perhaps ? - Yes . WALTER : Yes . Tyler was taking medication for attention deficit disorder . Puberty , ADD medication and an untested brainwave enhancer . It 's a mind-control cocktail . Because of this man 's inability to be a proper parent ... - ... his son has kidnapped mine . - Walter . You know , I used to hate my father too . - I know what it 's like ... - I need a driver , all right ? Not a big brother . ( SIREN BLARES ) Don 't stop . This has been a ton of fun , but get real . It cannot go on forever . I say it 's not even close to finished . Pull over . Let me take care of this . If you don 't , I will . Evening , officer . Sir , I 'm gonna need you to step out of the vehicle . Sure . Put your hands on the car . - I 'm sorry . Did I do something wr ... ? - I said up against the car . You got any kind of weapon on you , you should tell me now . Tyler . Tyler . Tyler , please . - Do not force me to shoot this man . - He 'll tell them where we are . - They 'll try to stop us . - Please . Please . Come on , Tyler . There 's gotta be another way . ( PETER GRUNTING ) ( OFFICER SHOUTS ) Something like that ? We lost him on the New Jersey Turnpike , heading south towards Swedesboro . We had the chopper shadowing the vehicle . We need all assets rerouted to that vicinity . Let me know if you spot him . Thanks . Astrid , you tell the state troopers , if they spot them to keep their distance , just within visual range . Make sure they know Peter is not the target . - Yeah . ASSISTANT : Agent Dunham ? You 're needed in Ms. Sharp 's office . OLIVIA : What 's wrong ? - The director classified Tyler Carson as a national security threat . Fringe Division is ordered to stand down . Any intercept will be by Special Forces . We 're the reason they have a clue what 's really going on . - How can they take us off now ? - New information about Tyler 's plans . He purchased two one-way tickets to Costa Rica which he bought before abducting Peter . Headquarters believes he may work with a foreign handler . With respect , all the evidence points towards an angry kid . Best case scenario , we have a highly intelligent malcontent on a killing spree . The director thinks it 's worse . Tyler may have been recruited to deliver a multi-million-dollar defense project to enemies . " Overwhelming force will be brought to bear if necessary . " You know this means Peter could be collateral damage . But regardless , we need to contain the situation on our own before it 's too late . Walter ? Have you made any headway ? I can 't lose him again . Walter . I know you 're worried . We all are . But we can get Peter back . We just need you to find a way to disable Tyler . Peter always helps me . I don 't know what to do . How do I do this without Peter ? He always helps me . OLIVIA : He helps me too . But you can do this . Walter . I know you 're scared . But you 're the only one that can help him . WALTER : Perhaps ... Maybe I could use an EMF scrambler to disrupt his beta wave transmissions . It sounds like a good place to start . Olivia , I think I found something . They just brought Tyler 's computer in . He 's been doing some pretty strange searches . This is what he was looking for ? Obituaries and death notices ? All of women who died 14 years ago in car accidents . Look . All these women died in their mid-20s . Yeah . So that would make them , what , about 40 now if they were alive ? What are you thinking ? I don 't know yet . - Can you pull up his most recent search ? - Yeah . OLIVIA : What do you know about Renee Davies ? Who is she ? She 's my ex-wife . Tyler 's mother . Where 'd you find this ? It was on Tyler 's computer . This was a good idea . Yeah , I was 15 once too . But I had to talk my way into places like this . You know there are plenty of easier ways to get money . Yeah . Wouldn 't have been as fun . Fun ? Faking your kidnapping . Jacking your dad 's company . Killing cops and innocent bystanders ... That wasn 't part of the plan , okay ? They just got in the way . You know , I get it . You wanted to torture your dad , right ? Things got away from you , blew up in your face . It 's not done yet . What did your daddy do to you , anyway ? Didn 't pay enough attention ? Forgot your birthday ? Didn 't play ball with you enough ? He lied to me my entire life . - Let 's not get dramatic . - He told me my mother was dead . But you have to understand . She was a mess . She was on drugs , off drugs . I mean , I never knew what she was gonna do next . When Tyler was a baby , she would literally disappear for weeks at a time . And then finally she just never came back . Does Tyler know what happened ? I didn 't know . I just always assumed that she would end up dead of an overdose somewhere . And then when Tyler was old enough to start asking about her I told him that she died in a car wreck . I thought it was for the best . So he wouldn 't know that his mother abandoned him . About a month ago , I found my birth certificate . Learned her name . And then I tried to find her . Guess what I found . She was never really dead at all . She lives in Maryland . She 's some sort of rehab counselor . Think if you find her , the two of you will live happily ever after ? We 're gonna be a family again . We ... Those cops you killed , they had families too . They got wives , they got ... ( PETER GRUNTS ) That would have been your leg if I didn 't need you to drive . Let 's go . Okay , we know where Tyler 's going . Tell me you got something better to stop him with than what you 're wearing . This has nothing to do with the case . I don 't trust them here . I think they 're trying to read my thoughts . Massive Dynamic gives me the creeps too . According to Dr. Carson 's data the pilots that were treated with this drug were highly responsive to magnetic fields . So we are modifying an electromagnetic pulse to target his brainwaves . - What does that mean ? - We 're going to crash his brain . This device will wipe his brain of all thought , for a short period . He won 't be able to think . He will become severely disoriented . He may even vomit . Which hopefully will give you the window you need to take him down . Okay . Let 's pack it up . We 're leaving . TYLER : Renee Davies ? Yes . Can I help you ? Mom , it 's me , Tyler . Your son . Oh , my God . I found you . Who 's this ? You mind if we go inside ? Of course . Mom , listen , I don 't blame you for leaving . All right ? I blame him . - I don 't understand ... - Dad . He didn 't want me to be with you . Oh , no , Tyler . It wasn 't like that . But it 's okay now . I 'm here . We can go . - Go ? Go where ? - Anywhere . Another country . MAN : Hey , honey . What 's going on ? - Seth . We have some guests . Hi . Who the hell is this ? About time for us to go , Tyler . What do you say ? I think I see who 's the problem here . PETER : Tyler . God . Tyler , what are you doing ? BROYLES : You cover the back . I 'll take the front . I need to disable Tyler now . No time to wait for Dr. Bishop . I 'm going in . Tyler , it 's over . ( TASER CLICKING AND TYLER GROANING ) ( GUNSHOT ) We 're out of here . And you 're driving . - Sir . - He took Peter . Go after them . We need to stop the bleeding . ASTRID ( OVER RADIO ) : Dr. Bishop and I are approaching . The bullet went clean through and I said go . Yes , sir . OLIVIA : Tyler just took off with Peter . Let 's go . Olivia , isn 't that my car ? That 's them . If we can disrupt Tyler 's brain waves , how close do we need to be ? No farther than 20 feet . And the effect will only last a few seconds . Okay , do it . Do it now . WALTER : Peter . Peter . Peter . Son . Are you with me ? Peter . Son . There you are . That was quick thinking . You always prove to be more resourceful than I give you credit for . Was that supposed to be some sort of compliment ? How 's Tyler ? WALTER : He was knocked unconscious in the crash . It 's probably a concussion . But we gave him a sedative to make sure he stays under . Agent Broyles . See what happens when you get out from behind the desk ? BROYLES : I 've been shot before . First time by one of the good guys , though . - Lucky for me you 're a lousy shot . - Kid wanted to shoot you in the head . Lucky for you , I was able to pull it off center a bit . Gonna hold this over my head for a long time , aren 't you ? Somehow you 'll make it up to me . PETER : Okay . Thanks , Olivia . Yeah , I 'll tell Walter . Was I right ? Did Tyler lose the power once the drug wore off ? You were right . Which is a good thing , I guess . It means he won 't do any time . Kid goes on a killing spree . All they 're gonna do is make him talk it out with a bunch of shrinks . ( GROANS ) - How many do you want ? - I 'm not hungry . - I don 't need any crepes . - Oh , don 't be ridiculous . You were abducted . Of course you need crepes . I 'm okay , Walter . Whenever your mother made them , you called them creeps . Drove her batty . She was a strong woman , your mother . NINA : William , I don 't know if you 've been receiving these messages but I continue to hope . I wanted to update you on the status of the Penrose-Carson experiments . One of the Tylers did in fact display a rather dramatic ability for mind control . But before we became aware of his ability there were some unintended consequences . Among them , he was able to locate records of his surrogate mother . And unfortunately made a misguided attempt to reunite with her . In light of this , I am suspending the experiments indefinitely . You were right . Mind control is possible , given the right conditions . So despite the unfortunate circumstances we can consider the project a success . As always , I hope this finds you in good health . Warmest regards , Nina .
