 Charlie , Charlie , Charlie ... Adam , we don 't have time for Charlie . Mommy 's waiting . Charlie , Daddy , please ! Adam , how many times have you seen Charlie ? A hundred times ? A million times ? A gazillion times ? Charlie , Charlie , Charlie . Okay . Okay , you want to see Charlie ? ( honking ) Come on . ( sighs ) All right , here - Charlie on Red Bull . ( giggling ) Thank you ! Thank you , everybody . Thank you so much ! Charlie doesn 't talk . You 're the only four-year-old in the world that knows that ! Mommy 's waiting . Let 's go . ( honking ) I don 't know . All right , you ready ? You ready , Charlie ? Here we go . Look at this ! There goes Charlie ! I 'll call you back . You drive . Let 's go , buddy . Hey , I 'm fine too , hon . Adam : @ The itsy-bitsy spider @ - @ went up the water spout @ - Father : @ - water spout @ @ Down came the rain and ... @ - @ Washed the spider out @ - @ ... washed the spider out @ Both : @ Out came the sun and dried ... @ Father ( laughing ) : I can never remember those words . ( laughs ) Both : @ The itsy-bitsy spider went ... @ - ( mother screams ) - Father : Ahh ! - ( tires squeal ) - Adam , hang on ! ( grunting ) ( breathing heavily ) Where am I ? Adam . ( monkey cooing ) Come on , Maggie , it may be a jab in the ass to you , but it could be one large step for mankind . ( screams ) Dr. Amanda Mayfield calling Dr. Eric Norris . - Come in , Dr. Norris . - Hey . You know , I 've been in subterranean passageways very deep within ancient mountains that had more light than this . It 's kind of late . You want to grab some dinner ? The monkeys will still be here . No , thanks . Okay , but then this is it . This is absolutely the last time you will ever be offered the pleasure of my company . - Your loss , buster . - Thanks . Do you remember when our families took us to that podunk circus , and the clowns came out and nobody was laughing so you jumped in the ring with them ? The audience thought you were funnier than lipstick on a goat . Now that was who you were then . How come I don 't see a flea-sized portion of that Eric now ? You came all this way to talk about the circus ? I didn 't come just to annoy you . I came to show you something that 'll make your eyes pop ... stimulate your scientific curiosity , make you feel 15 again . This is going to be more fun than poking at monkeys . Look at - oh , wait a minute . How can that be ? It wasn 't like that when I found it . Found it ? You found this ? Yeah . The meteor that burned up last night - that came down on my property . That 's what was left of it , but it didn 't look like that when I put it in here . Look , Andreas , I gotta get back to work . No no no ! I swear - that damn thing was soft like a jellyfish or something . And you could almost see through it . It had legs - lots of legs . Seriously ! Really - Eric ! Look , I gotta get back to work , okay ? The Lord is my rock . Or maybe we could use it as a paperweight for those reports of yours that must have tumbled from my desk and lodged themselves in obscure crevices . I 'll have them for you . Oh , I 'm sure you will , Eric . But the inextricable march of time thunders in my ears . No tickee , no washee - no funding . Who was that guy ? My boss Shilling . You shouldn 't let him talk to you like that . I 'll see you later . The patient 's condition has deteriorated . Difficulty breathing ; minimal sensory response . ( sighs ) Come on , Maggie . You can fight this . Fight it off . Hey , Tarzan . How 's Cheetah ? Look , I have to talk to you about something . Herr Fuhrer has decreed that I divide my time between your monkeys and my mice . He wants me to supervise whatever it is you 're doing here . Why does he try to humiliate you ? You 're a brilliant scientist , Eric . Testing these monkeys with HIV is the way to go . You 're on the right track . HIV is a mutation of the simian virus . As soon as you figure out how - Don 't worry about it . Supervise away , okay ? This rock thing that your friend gave you ? Andreas . Yeah . Did he say where it was from ? - Outer space . - ( laughs ) Really ? I have to finish this report if I 'm gonna have it on your desk in the morning . I need to give it my full attention . Look , I already told you , I don 't care what Shilling said . Right . Okay , I 'll see you in the morning . Adam : @ The itsy-bitsy spider @ - @ went up the water spout ... @ - ( heart beating ) @ Down came the rain @ @ And washed the spider out @ @ Out came the sun @ @ And dried up all the ... @ ( sighs ) Oh , God . Oh , God . Oh , Maggie . Look , I 'm sorry about Maggie , but at least there was some improvement . The serum strengthened her immune system but ultimately couldn 't hold the gains . The good news is that you extended her life by at least three months . I 'd say you 're definitely on the right track . You know , it might be something as simple as modulating the dosage . - Oh . - What 's wrong ? No , nothing . I 'm - What ? What ? " Actually , it 's your body , Amanda . I never realized how attractive you are . " Wow , uh , yeah . Um ... actually that 's - that 's quite true . What ? No , um ... - What ? - So , uh ... what are you doing tonight ? ( Eric laughs ) So why after six months have you finally decided I 'm the woman of your dreams ? ( laughs ) I don 't know . Actually , I 'm surprised it took me this long . I mean , you are charming , delightful , and so darn attractive . Don 't you think I 'm just a little too old for you ? - No . - No ? Works for me . - Yours ? - Uh , yeah . It 's spiffy . Oh ! Thanks . ( drops keys ) - So this thing with Shilling ? - Mmm . What 's that about ? Obviously you pissed him off royally somewhere down the line . Ha . Um , reservations are for 7 : 30 . How about this ? The first time I ever kissed a boy , it was in the dead of winter and he had mucus running out of his nose . Do we really have to do this ? Absolutely . This is all part of the mating ritual . We have to tell each other embarrassing things . That way our defenses come down and we trust each other . That wasn 't embarrassing , that was disgusting . Oh ! Okay okay . This one 's a biggie : my left breast grew before my right one did . So necking was only permitted if the boy was on my right . That way if he reached over , he got the one with the half . ( laughing ) - Okay okay . - Pretty good . I accept that . Definitely embarrassing . But do you really want to tell me a story like that ? You 're a son of a bitch . So in order to look into the girls ' shower from the boys ' side , you had to jump up , grab the cold-water pipe ... and peek through this very small window near the ceiling , and uh ... well , it was a very - really good story . Yeah , well , I think you 're onto something , 'cause that can definitely count as embarrassing . That 's only the beginning . ( sighs ) The problem is that the hot-water pipe ran underneath the cold-water pipe , and your arms couldn 't help but swing against it . I had the absolute worst burns of everybody who tried it - practically third degree . Which means that you stayed up there the longest , and that makes you the horniest voyeur of them all . Yeah . Eric , ow . I was a hero to my classmates . You 're right - that is embarrassing . ( Amanda laughs ) Eric , Eric . Look , ah ! ( Eric laughs ) Ho ho , wait ! What are you doing ? I need to see that incredible breast of yours . Oh , not on our first date . Not on the first date ? What do you mean , not on the first - I said one grew fast . I didn 't say the other didn 't catch up . I want to find out for myself . Ahh ! ( gasping ) Hey , how you doin ' ? ( car beeps ) Good morning . Hey , guys . Fred , how you doing ? Fred : I 'm doing well . ( breathing heavily ) Amanda . Oh , God . My my , I had no idea you were so shy . Is it modesty , I wonder , or guilt ? Guilt ? Covering up the scene of the crime . You did go out with Amanda last night , didn 't you ? That 's what being close to someone means to you - " the scene of the crime " ? I read your report . You can 't compare one diseased animal to another . That monkey might have lasted three months longer regardless . Your proof is flawed . Can you even remember the last time you were published in " The New England Journal of Medicine " ? No . But I bet you do . Month , day , hour ... position of the earth , the moon . Whatever humor you think you 're finding at my expense has its own very steep charge . You 'll find that out when your keys don 't fit here any longer . That was perhaps a poor choice of words back there . But we both know where the real scene of the crime was , don 't we ? - Yes . - ( groans ) I thought as much . God . Oh . ( vomiting ) ( grunting , mumbling ) ( retching ) God ! Oh ! Blood work , X-rays , ultrasound , MRI - Jesus , a spinal tap ? Is there anything you didn 't order ? Well , I thought it important to be as thorough as I am with my own subjects . Well , as far as I can tell , it isn 't a virus or a bacterial infection . It 's nothing you contracted at the lab . Old tight-ass Shilling won 't have to worry about his insurance rates . And it 's not a tumor . You 've told me what it isn 't . As of now , some form of as-yet-unidentified parasite ... that is growing inside you at a very rapid rate . It seems to have tapped into the cardiovascular network through thousands of filament-like protrusions that act as conduits . It has also compromised your respiratory system . Like a true parasite and host , it is getting everything it needs to survive from you . Right - oxygen , blood , nutrients . Mm-hmm . It really is grotesque . - Yeah . - A monstrosity . But evidently , it has a physiology that 's compatible with yours . Do you have any idea how you could have come in contact with this ? No . And to remove it ? Well , that 's the bitch , Eric . It has integrated itself so insidiously into your biology that to remove it ... would cause massive hemorrhaging and instantaneous death . - Prognosis ? - I 've never seen anything like this . Prognosis ? Well , it 'd just be a guess , but I think either way ... it will kill you in a very short period of time . ( sighs ) Let me talk to Dr. Shilling . ( phone ringing ) Machine : You 've reached Eric Norris . Please leave a message after the tone . It 's me , Andreas . So what 'd you find out ? Were you able to crack that shell or whatever it was ? I tell you , it was the weirdest-looking thing I ever saw - all those legs and that spongy body you could see through . I 've been having nightmares about it , man . So was it some jellyfish flopping around 100 miles inland or was it some creature from another planet ? What ? Andreas ? I 'm here . Tell me again what you found . What 's the matter ? This . A parasite - something alien . It bore through the tissue , formed an opening , created a network throughout my body , attaching itself to every organ required to sustain its life . It 's nesting in there . Oh , Jesus . I asked you here because I know it 's gonna kill me . And when it does , it needs to be immediately removed and placed into an environment where it can maintain . I don 't trust anyone else to do it . No , that can 't be our only option . It 's gonna need a continuing blood supply with my blood type , and an oxygen source if its lungs haven 't matured enough to function on their own . I don 't think it can survive outside the host in any case , but you 've got to keep it alive long enough to conduct some experiments . You 're not making any sense . We 're talking about extraterrestrial life here . Eric ! This is going to be the scientific discovery of the millennium . How ? How has this thing manifested itself in you ? It 's of no consequence . I know it 's gonna kill me . I have accepted that . Okay , well , humor me . Okay , tell me : what symptoms have you experienced ? I don 't know . Uh , vomiting , cramps , um ... - cold sweats , stuff like that . - Yeah , okay . Okay . Now what about the emotional changes ? Eric , you just bought yourself a sporty new car ; you 've got a big hello for everybody . You 've been practically euphoric . I think we can attribute that to other sources . I believe I 've fallen in love with you . Damn you . Damn you . Damn you , Eric ! How dare you tell me something like that at the same time you 're telling me you 're gonna die ? This thing is not just a hole in your tissue , okay ? It dilates with tactile stimulation . What if there 's another answer , huh ? What if there 's another answer to what this thing is ? - Something that 's not gonna kill you ? - What do you mean ? What if this is not just a parasite ? The vomiting , the cold sweats , the cramps ... What if this thing somehow hooked itself into your vital organs and then attached itself into your reproductive system ? Oh my God , this - this is completely nuts , but - I 'd have to run a whole bunch of tests . You 're saying that it harvested some of my sperm when we made love ? That it somehow enabled me to impregnate myself ? But if it was true , it would likely have some of my genetic coding , wouldn 't it ? I don 't - I just threw something out there . Right now it 's nothing more than a postulation . What if I 'm gonna give birth to it ? No . No , that can 't be . It probably isn 't . The more I think about it , it 's ridiculous . It 's a monster . I had a beautiful son . I can 't be the father of a monster . Look , Eric , I promise you this is not gonna kill you . And you are not gonna give birth to it , okay ? I love you , Daddy . Why did you kill us , Eric ? Are you listening to me ? Eric ! Eric ? Eric ! ( grunting ) - ( cell phone ringing ) - Both : @ Out came the sun @ - @ And dried up all the rain ... @ - ( Eric stuttering ) Both : @ And the itsy-bitsy spider ... @ - Do you mind ? - Yeah , I do mind ! - ( mother screams ) - ( tires screech ) - Ah ! Hang on ! - Ahh ! Oh , my God . My God . ( brakes squeal ) Norris ? Norris ! Andreas 's voice : Were you able to crack that shell or whatever it was ? I tell you , it was the weirdest-looking thing I ever saw - all those legs and that spongy body you could see through . I 've been having nightmares about it , man . So was it some jellyfish flopping around 100 miles inland or was it some creature from another planet ? What ? Eric 's voice : Andreas , I 'm here . Tell me again what you found . Andreas 's voice : You mean it 's lost ? You can 't find it ? Eric 's voice : No , not lost . - I might know where it is . - ( banging ) Okay okay ! Where have you been ? You know , I 've been really worried . What 's going on with you ? Eric ? You see this glass ? Whoa , hey ! - Baby . Baby , stop it . - No , just get away ! Just get away from me . - What are you doing ? - I can 't hurt myself . Eric , what is wrong with you ! ? I drove my car into the path of a tree . What ? I took my hands off the steering wheel . I stepped down on the accelerator and I closed my eyes . - Why ? - And then my eyes were open . And I was - I was turning the wheel , and my foot was hitting the brake . I missed the tree . It 's protecting me . It won 't let me hurt myself . I have to live ... so it can be born . Baby , you need to stop . Let me help you , Eric . I want to help you . Don 't touch me . Don 't touch me . Why not ? It needs me alive to be born . It needed me in love to be conceived . Without it - without it , I don 't think we would have been together . I don 't think I would have let you into my life . Without it , I 'm not sure I 'd be in love with you . - What ? - I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . - No , you - - I 'm really sorry . You - ( door opens ) Norris 's friend found a foreign organism attached to a piece of the meteor and he gave it to him . According to what Norris told him , that thing has gotten inside of him and is growing at an accelerated pace . Norris believes that this is some sort of alien parasite that 's determined to free itself , and in the process , kill him . Didn 't I see this on " X Files " ? The question is , Agent Gerhard , is Norris the only one at risk ? ( groans ) - ( door opens ) - Amanda : Eric ? - Eric ? - ( door slams ) You 've got to wake up . You 've got to listen to me . Shilling just brought the FBI into this . They just questioned me and now they 're going to come looking for you . I know why I 'm carrying this monster . It 's a curse laid on me by a vengeful God . Okay . Okay , baby . Come on , come on . - You gotta sit up . - My family died because of me . I must atone for it . - Okay . - ( Eric muttering ) It 's the beast that I must care for in place of my own child . You 're soaking wet . Okay , listen to me . Listen to me : If they find you , they are going to take it away and then they 're going to conduct experiments on both of you . They 're going to put you in cages like - like one of your monkeys . And they 're going to inject you , draw your blood , and hook you up to all kinds of machines . And I 'm not going to let that happen . Okay , come on . Maybe - maybe you don 't really love me . And maybe when you no longer have this thing inside you , you 're not going to want to have anything more to do with me . But until then , you need me . And I am not giving you up to Shilling or the FBI . Now get it together . Let 's go . You have to get dressed . Amanda : My sister lives in Kansas City . We can stay with her . I 'll just call from the road . Do you have any money on you ? Never mind - I 'm loaded . ( Eric groaning ) - Man : Clear ! - Clear ! Man # 3 : Clear ! I told you you wouldn 't find him here . Oh , by the way , Dr. Mayfield has disappeared as well . Now where do you suppose she could be ? Somebody knows , Doctor . That 's what television is for . ( Eric coughs ) ( Eric grunts ) Amanda : All right , hold on , baby . Hold on . I 'll find us a safe place , I promise . ( Amanda grunts ) - ( Eric grunting ) - Okay now , Eric . ( Eric muttering ) Here here here ! Here ! ( both grunting ) - All right , baby . Okay . - ( Eric panting ) - Eric ! Eric , it 's okay . - ( Eric moaning ) - It 's okay ! - Ahh ! - ( Eric crying ) - ( liquid gurgling ) - ( Amanda grunts ) - ( baby crying ) - ( rooster crowing ) - ( horse neighing ) My God . What the hell are you ? I 'm not gonna hurt you . Not gonna hurt you . ( cooing ) Okay . Okay . It 's all right . It 's okay . Okay . Okay okay . I 'm not gonna hurt you . I 'm not gonna hurt you . Hey , don 't cry . Don 't cry . It 's okay . You smell like strawberries . You are ... really something . I 'm gonna touch your little fingers . - ( Eric laughs ) - ( cooing ) Look at these little hands . You have really gotten big . Really big . Got to have a sense of humor on this planet if you want to survive , know what I mean ? Hey , I 'm gonna cheer you up , okay ? Check this out . Hey , what do you think of this ? Hey , is that a smile ? ( laughs ) Yes , it is . Yeah , you 're smiling . You 're smiling . ( laughing ) Look at these little things . I 'm gonna call you Benjamin . It was my grandfather 's name . He was forever grabbing at the ladies . Used to say he was all hands . ( laughs ) You are really something , you know ? You are really - really something . Hey , Amanda . ( laughing ) He 's amazing , huh ? I think he understands me . No ! Hey , get away ! Get the creature . - Ahh ! - Amanda : No ! No ! Get your hands off him ! ( grunts ) Bastard ! Leave him alone ! Get off of him . Get off . - No ! - Leave her alone ! Leave her alone ! - ( grunts ) - No ! - Eric ! - Agent : Get it out of here . - Eric : No ! - Don 't hurt it . - No ! - Agent : Get him out of here . No ! No ! Ahh ! Get your hands off me . Look , we don 't want to hurt you . Where are they taking him ? Where are they taking him ? Why don 't you go home , Doctor ? Go back to Kansas or Maryland are wherever the hell it is you come from . Go to hell . ( spits ) Ahh ! ( traffic sounds ) Well , now that we 've got it , what do we do with it ? Well , it could be the next step in evolution ... or a scientific anomaly - a bizarre dead-end aberration . We can 't know what we have until we break down its DNA . If it is genetically linked to Dr. Norris , we have what could conceivably be called an offspring . It could lead to building a better mousetrap . Cyborgs , but not with mechanical parts - alien parts . " Homo superior . Homo extraordinaire . " It 's not out of the question . It 's certainly worth the research , the testing . Yes , if one is willing to risk one 's professional reputation that this thing is something other than ... an exotic parasite . Are you willing to do that ? And what happens when the public gets wind of it ? There 's no reason it need to . Oh , give me a break . For 60 years , they believed in flying saucers without proof , and now we 've got proof . And if they get hold of it - Steps can be taken to ensure that doesn 't happen . Dr. Shilling , you 're here by invitation of the United States government because of your past association with Dr. Norris . It 's not up to you to decide how this matter is handled . Christ , we don 't even know that this is the only one . Yes , we do . It didn 't arrive in a spaceship , for God 's sakes . It was a meteor - a shooting star , a chunk of rock . I saw what was left of it after it burned up . We will never know where it came from , but whatever it was , there are no more . And isn 't that reason enough to try and preserve it ? Or at least what it 's become ? Who was that guy ? Who do you think ? Dr. Norris 's condition has stabilized . You can leave . They told me how hard you fought them , how they had to rip it from your arms . And now I 've got to tell you ... it 's not doing well , Eric . Depressed motor activity , difficulty breathing , minimal sensory response . You know the drill . Very sorry to have to tell you that . All right , come on , pugly ugly , it 's time to eat . It 's something you like too - it 's bat wings and hyena guts . There you go . Now eat . Don 't be cute with me . There you go . See how easy that is ? We can keep Dr. Norris alive using intravenous feedings , but we have no way to do that with a child . Child ? We 're using the term " child " as a shorthand . What would you call it , sir ? As Dr. Braxton said , an aberration , a hideous anomaly , Beelzebub 's whimsy . Well , the last one is mine . It is our understanding now that the subject be kept functional for the purposes of research . Despite our best efforts , however , it appears to be failing - rather rapidly , at that . The only thing we haven 't tried is what you 're about to see now . Dr. Shilling 's objections notwithstanding ... Please have Emil ready the video cameras . Hello ? Yes , ma 'am . Bring them in . ( Eric grunting ) ( laughs ) Strawberries . ( muttering ) ( panting ) Oh , God . I thought Norris was nonresponsive . Hey . Hey ! Benjamin . Jesus Christ . Hey . Are you okay ? Huh ? You all right ? It 's okay . Take it easy . I 'm right here . Hey , I won 't let them do this to you . You understand ? You got to fight it . Fight it . Do it for me . Don 't be scared . Don 't be scared . I 'm right here , okay ? You got to fight this . You understand ? Come here . Come here . It 's okay . Yeah . Come here . Yeah , come right here . There you go . You all right ? Yeah yeah yeah . Hang on . Yeah . Hey . I 'm not gonna let anything happen to you . You understand that ? Oh . I 'm gonna take care of you . We 'll be together , I promise . I promise . All right . Hey , it 's okay . Hey . Hey , look at that . Yeah , there you go . Yeah . There you go . Hey , come on , see if you can get up . There you go . Yeah . There you go . That 's good , Benji . ( laughs ) What are you doing ? ( laughs ) Go like that . Yeah . Yeah . ( Eric laughing ) Yeah , you 're okay . You 're doing good . Yeah , come here . Come right here . Come to Daddy . Yeah . Yeah , it 's all right . You 're not really thinking of harming this child , are you ? Imagine that - just like any father and son . And you can train lizards to slither through hoops . Thank you very much , ladies and gentlemen . I think I 've seen enough . Maybe too much . So if the government wants us to proceed with this program , okay . But it becomes quite obvious that if we 're going to have any success at all with this , they 're going to have to be allowed to be together ... at least part of the time . - Have some coffee . - Thank you . Now how did you hear about me ? The phone book . I 'm not in the phone book . The Society for Alternative Explanations is , and they recommended you . Mm hmm hmm . I asked them for an attorney with an open mind . You found one with a hole in his head . Beg your pardon ? I keep taking these cases and I keep losing . I know there are aliens out there . At least , I 'm pretty sure I know there are aliens out there . I mean , how else would you explain Andy Kaufman or Jim Carrey ? Actually that was meant to be a joke . Mmm . I take pills for my paranoia , but I still believe in government conspiracies . You seem like a reasonable woman - research scientist , well-respected , emotionally stable , attractive without being overly cutesy . I 'm starting to believe you . You say you haven 't seen Dr. Norris since they took him away . Yes . I told you that . Mmm . This alien Benjamin , do you have any proof it exists ? Proof ? - Blanket it was wrapped in ? - They took it . - Baby bottle ? - There wasn 't any . Right back to where we started - we have no proof it exists . It 's locked away in a government installation , and we don 't know where . Look , this FBI agent knew where I was from . I mean , he came to interview me at my work in Fairfield , Connecticut . That 's not Kansas or Maryland . Now I 've got a stepsister in Kansas , but ... I don 't know a soul in Maryland . Plucked it out of thin air . That 's what I thought too at first . And then I got to thinking , " Why Maryland ? " And then I realized there 's a big federal hospital in a military base in Bethesda . There are federal hospitals all over the country . I know that , except that he mentioned Maryland . So he mentioned Maryland . So ? Jesus , would you let me finish , please ? Look , I called over there and I asked if I could visit Eric Norris . They said no . Like I said ... They didn 't say he wasn 't there . They just said that I couldn 't visit him . Hmm . Why would the FBI guy ... I don 't know . I don 't know . He was doing his job . You know , maybe ... maybe he just wasn 't happy about it . Not that it matters anyway because you think I 'm making this up . - It 's an impossible case . - I know . Impossible . I 'll take it . ( grunting ) Son of a bitch . ( groaning ) Benjamin ! Benjamin ! God ! Son of a bitch ! Ahhh ! Man : Call for backup ! ( alarm sounding ) - What 's going on ? - Man , you wouldn 't believe it ! ( sighs ) Grab the tentacles . ( squealing ) Oh , no . Oh ! Take hold of him ! Stay strong . Can 't breathe ! ( grunting ) What did you hope to accomplish ? Did you think you were going to sneak down the back staircase with your little freak and disappear into the night ? Is that what you thought ? And by the way , after your midnight visit , Benjamin became quite violent - tried to kill people , did considerable damage . Is there any end to your talent for causing pain and suffering ? I have something to tell you . It appears that I 've been drafted by our government . I am no longer an advisor to this team . In the matter of Benjamin , the mad little monster , I am now in charge . That information will remain in this room . Our new marching orders are these : The creature is a viable threat . It 's a danger to us all and must be dealt with accordingly . It 's growing and gaining strength exponentially . We need to push an aggressive testing regimen that will show us how it 's happening . ( grunts ) Hopefully it will survive . If it doesn 't , so be it . Better to err on the side of the intrepid . Lawyer : I 'm glad you 're here . I want you to see this . Eric ? Why was this sent to you ? I posted to the website that I was representing you and the reason why . I was hoping to stir up a bee 's nest , but this ... What ? Well , for one , there 's no name attached to it . I don 't trust anonymous tips . Could be a fake . Looks like computer images to me . No . No , they 're not . This is exactly how Eric would try to communicate with Benjamin . I mean , you saw how listless Benjamin was . The poor thing was practically comatose . I bet they brought them together to see if Eric 's presence could - could breathe some life into him . And you say you were there at its birth . Yeah , I already told you that . Why would you lie to me ? I can 't think of a good reason . Can you ? A respected scientist - you have a reputation to consider . If this were a fake , it would destroy you and Norris . It 's not a fake . It 's a real live alien . My first fucking alien . ( laughs ) I knew it ! - I knew it , I knew it ! - Okay . Okay . Now whoever sent us this is trying to tell us something . Okay . Benjamin 's in danger - imminent danger . They want us to do something about it . They can 't go public with it themselves because ... Because they 're too close to the situation . And if they were to come forward , they could be in danger too . Good . Who are you calling ? Our first line of defense is to keep the government from doing anything to Benjamin . The way to do that is to go public with this ; put it out there for everyone to see and freeze the feds in their tracks . Society of Alternative Explanations - they have an uncanny way of arousing media interest . ( ringing ) Hello , this is Howard Ellis . May I speak with General Fragni-aa-ta , Ambassador to the planet Na-hu-uu-met ? Thank you . So here are the DVDs . Upload them to the Internet , link to every science fiction and science fact site there is . We need to get the word out . Telepathically , or a letter-writing campaign ? I think we 'll stay with the letter writing . I want 20,000 letters to Amnesty International and the Council on Human Rights . If we go to the Justice Department , they 'll just freeze us up . What about " The Earthling Press " ? Avoid the tabloids at all costs , especially " The World , " " The Globe , " and that rag , " The Star . " - " The New York Times " ? - Mm-hmm . " Rolling Stone , " " Wall Street Journal " ? Ahh , I worked for " The Wall Street Journal . " ( ringing ) Yes , sir ? Man : Get me Congressman McKinney . Washington confirms that it is refusing to deny the existence or nonexistence of an alien life form which may or may not be currently detained in an undisclosed location . This comes from a high-level government source wishing to remain anonymous . Stay tuned for more on this developing story . And what are we going to do about that ? True or false - there are aliens among us . It is , of course , nonsense . Crapola ! I 'm pretty sure my brother is an alien . That little shit never leaves the hospital . ( applause ) So is it hot in here , or am I just eight months pregnant ? I thought I had it bad . That guy who had the alien ? Can you imagine ? You think he went the natural childbirth route or do you think he went for the epidural ? I 'm guessing he took the drugs . First of all , he 's a man , and second , an alien came out of him ! Ow . If that thing came out of me , I would still be on the drugs . Reporter : Speculation among leading scientific authorities seems equally divided between the belief that this is actually a creature from another planet and the notion that this is just a gigantic hoax perpetrated on a gullible public . So what do we do now ? A writ of habeas corpus . Can 't incarcerate someone without charging them with a crime . It 's against the law . It 's illegal and has been illegal for the last 250 years . 232 . ( grunts ) Find him , do you hear me ? Find that son of a bitch ! - We can 't find Emil . - Forget Emil . In case you haven 't heard , the secret is out . The entire world knows we have Benjamin . He doesn 't belong here . He belongs with Norris . We 've made a goddamn prisoner out of him . - Now how does that make us look ? - He 's dangerous . He 's attacked . Sure , when you take him away from Norris . You put them together and they do soft-shoe numbers . Now look , we have to give him back . I 've got to make him understand that . But we don 't know that he is its father . It only carries about 12 % human DNA . - And we have to run some tests . - Why ? To determine why it 's growing at such an extraordinary rate . Is it a pituitary-like function or is it something else ? We have no idea how big it 's going to get . We already know the strength it has at this size . Let it free and it 'll be like releasing King Kong into the neighborhood . If you think we look bad now , what will the world think of us then ? Christ . ( rattling ) Good news , Dr. Norris . You 're going home . I 'm taking Benjamin with me . I 'm afraid that 's not possible . Your people filed suit against the government . Whether or not Benjamin goes with you is now for the court to decide . - They 'll side with us . - That remains to be seen . I want to talk with him . I want to talk with my son . I want to let him know that he 's going to be coming home . That 's not possible . Why ? Why ? Benjamin has stabilized remarkably these last two days . He doesn 't seem to need you now the way he did . And we 're concerned that if he sees you and then you leave , it 's just gonna get him all wrought up again . Then I 'll stay . I 'm afraid that 's also not possible . The suit put you in an adversarial position . How would it look if we were to feed and shelter the enemy ? He 's my son . You 're well enough to go home , Doctor . And so you must . We 'll take good care of your so - of Benjamin . You 're coming home with me , Eric . Why the hell do you keep coming back ? How can you not be fascinated by a guy who burns his elbows trying to peer into the girls ' shower , and who 's dedicated to saving a little pink alien that nobody else in the world wants ? I 'm telling you , you got to love that guy . My friend didn 't say that the bedroom was her twin boys ' . You okay with that ? Yeah , it 's fine . Um , Howard Ellis , our attorney , will be here soon . - I can 't lose him . - I know . I can 't lose Benjamin . I know . I know . You won 't . Miriam and - Miriam and I had not been in love for a long time . And we were yelling at each other . Adam was in the backseat . He started singing to distract us . He made us join him but I was very angry . Very angry . I was pushing hard on the gas pedal . And I couldn 't let up . We skidded , went off the road ... and crashed into a tree . My family didn 't die in an accident . I killed them . Eric . Eric . Please . Good evening . Dr. Norris ! I 'm your attorney , Howard Ellis . Ooh , um , hope you take it black . Thanks . How 'd it go ? Well , the United States government is holding Benjamin without good cause and is going to have to defend its actions . Even an alien has inalienable rights . I filed the writ . ( all protesting , chanting ) Man : In the matter of Benjamin Norris before the United States District Court for the District of Columbia , Judge Julia Deville presiding . Bailiff : All rise . Be seated . I have a writ of habeas corpus . Who speaks for the petitioner ? Howard Ellis , Your Honor , for the petitioner . Jesus . And who speaks for the respondent ? Victoria Barry , Deputy Attorney General on behalf of the United States . Your Honor , the government objects to this entire proceeding and moves that this petition be dismissed . On what grounds ? The court lacks jurisdiction . Why is that ? The petitioner is an alien , Your Honor . - I know that . - From another planet . They usually are . Not from another planet , Your Honor . The child was born here . I know that . - To a human father . - We don 't know that . None of this answers my question . The creature is growing at an alarming rate with a proportionate increase in strength . He 's a healthy baby . It 's already attacked several of its attendants . It 's a bit colicky . You haven 't convinced me , Miss Barry . Court will reconvene tomorrow at 9 : 00 AM to hear evidence and argument on the petitioner 's writ . Court is adjourned . Bailiff : All rise . Well , I think that covers all the bases . My three expert witnesses are gonna kill ! What about the judge ? I don 't think she likes us . We 've had a run-in or two ... or three . But she 's basically fair . Basically ? What about Benjamin ? I don 't want him in that courtroom under any circumstances . Well , we 're certainly not going to call him to the stand , and the government 's got him locked away from public scrutiny . Suits us just fine . They 're holding him without cause . - That 's our case . - You 'd better be right . Trust me . Well , better get some rest . Got to be our best tomorrow . Not that I think we won 't win - I do think we 'll win . I mean , I know we 'll win . What was that ? What ? Outside the door . Something - - Really ? - Something . Stay here . There 's no one there . Well , better safe than sorry . Good night . - And if we don 't win ? - We will . We will . The guy 's a loser . Okay ? I mean , he 's pathetic . I know it . Eric , I am so so sorry . I just couldn 't find anybody else . It 's okay . It doesn 't matter . - Of course it matters . - No , it doesn 't . Eric , you 've got to at least face the possibility - No , it doesn 't matter - I 'm telling you right now - because we 're going to win . There are no other options , okay ? Benjamin is my son . He belongs with me , and that 's the way it 's gonna come out . Okay ? Okay . ( all protesting ) ( siren wailing ) Save Benjamin . The government will argue that Benjamin is so unnatural an occurrence - so abnormal , despite the presence of human DNA - that he has no birthright , and in fact belongs to no one . True ... Benjamin is different . But so is a Down Syndrome baby or a child born with a genius IQ . Would anyone dare suggest that the United States government has the right to detain , conduct experiments on , and deprive a child the love and comfort of a parent just because he 's different ? What does that sound like to you , Your Honor ? Do I have to kick my boots to make the point ? We all know the story of the Elephant Man . At best , he was a curiosity who engendered sympathy in a compassionate few . At worst , he was an object of scorn who was put on display and cruelly ridiculed by the public . And the Elephant Man was a human being . He - he could speak , he wore clothes , he had the power of cognition . This creature is not a human being , not even remotely , not by any stretch of the imagination . For heaven 's sake , just look at him , Your Honor . This is an alien creature first and foremost . Yesterday Mr. Ellis told us that Dr. Norris had given birth to what he calls a child . But Your Honor , we know men can 't give birth . They can host parasites . And parasites being parasites , they feed off the host . They can even assimilate host biology , even absorb host DNA . But they are not the host . They are not men . They are not human beings . And they are not someone 's child . Do you swear to tell the truth so help you God ? - I do . - Be seated . Dr. Lattis , you had an opportunity to review the X-rays Dr. Norris took of himself , yes ? As an expert in the field of radiology , what were you able to ascertain ? Well , I observed a symmetrically-formed organism with a beating heart growing internally near the abdomen . A beating heart ? How interesting . And symmetrical is important because , um ... why ? Well , it pertains to intentional design , not chaotic , which it would have been if we were dealing with foreign matter . Well , how would you define it , sir ? Well , beyond all reason , it - it appeared to me to be a living embryo . A human embryo ? - Objection . - Overruled . The man is an expert witness . We 're entitled to hear his professional opinion . Thank you . Well , if it was human , it was nothing I 'd ever seen before . Was it self-sustaining ? It ... did not take nourishment from a single umbilicus , but there was no doubt that it was completely dependent upon Dr. Norris 's body for its own survival . Hmm . So in a loose definition of the term , sir , would you consider Dr. Norris to be his mother ? ( chuckles ) Um , in a very loose ... definition of the term , I suppose . Thank you . Doctor ? Dr. Lattis , does Eric Norris have a uterus ? No . Does he have ovaries ? Produce ova ? Um , no . And yet you agreed that he was the creature 's mother ? Well , I said in a very loose definition of the term . So you 're changing your testimony . Well , if you - if what you want is a literal description of the - Stop tap dancing , Bojangles . Come to the point . No . Uh , Eric Norris is not the mother of the embryo that he was carrying . Wouldn 't it be more accurate to say that he was the host organism for a parasitic alien that grew to maturity inside him ? That does sound to be ... a more reasonable explanation . Thank you , Doctor . ( all protesting ) Dr. Mayfield , what is the nature of your relationship with Eric Norris ? - We 're colleagues . - Anything else ? We were lovers . To the best of your knowledge , does he have any other lovers ? No . In fact , he explained to me that before our relationship , he had been celibate for many years . Would you care to object to that as hearsay , Miss Barry ? No , but I wouldn 't boast about it either . ( crowd chuckling ) Um ... so would you feel secure in saying that Eric Norris became pregnant on one of the occasions you made love ? Objection , Your Honor . We 're taking giant leaps here . If we cannot affirm that what emerged from his body was a child , then we cannot affirm that what led to its creation was a pregnancy . I 'm thinking about it . All right . Strike Mr. Ellis 's question from the court record . At this point , the only thing I 'm really sure about is that the alien egg came before the chicken . ( crowd laughing ) Just one more question . As a medical doctor and a respected scientist , would you stake your reputation on the fact that what you participated in and helped actuate was in fact a birth , and that Eric Norris was the progenitor ? Without qualification . - ( crowd murmuring ) - Thank you , Dr. Mayfield . No further questions . You told Eric Norris that the authorities were looking for him . And it was your idea to run away . To avoid a repressive government agency which would surely make him and his child objects of public ridicule , which we can see , they already have . Your Honor ? Strike " child , " please . Thank you . You helped extricate the entity from him . I helped deliver it , yes . You jeopardized your reputation - in fact , your whole career - to help him , didn 't you ? I suppose . So wouldn 't you lie for him now ? Would you have any compunction about making up some story - that was consistent with this - - Objection ! - preposterous notion that Eric Norris - conceived this creature - - Objection , Your Honor . - was delivered of this creature , and is this creature 's parent ? No further questions , Your Honor . ( indistinct shouting continues ) For the record , Doctor ? My name is Katherine Magee . I 'm a board-certified urologist with a specialty in male infertility . Mmm . Now it 's been testified that the alien egg in question derives sustenance and survival capability through its propensity to ... connect to the vital organs of Dr. Eric Norris . Could it have harvested sperm from his testicles ? Well , considering what else it was capable of , I would imagine it could , but it wouldn 't have been able to inseminate itself - no way . And why is that ? Sperm in the testicles is immature . It 's not capable of fertilization . Then maybe my worthy opponent is correct - this is not an embryo , just a parasite . There is a well-documented condition known as retrograde ejaculation in which some or all of the semen flow backward into the bladder during climax . Now if this egg phenomenon were able to make accommodations with the subject 's organs , as has been stated , it could conceivably have instigated this malfunction , tapped into his bladder and harvested his sperm . Are you telling this court , ma 'am , that despite all logic to the contrary , Dr. Norris might have impregnated himself , and that the result of this union is none other than his own progeny ? You could very well make that case , yes . Huh . Thank you . Dr. Magee , can you say with any certainty that this rather unlikely theory of a man impregnating himself is what happened to Dr. Norris ? No . No further questions , Your Honor . Is there something I can do for you ? I 'm Emil Giddings . I made that video you saw . I sent it to you . How ? Well , I worked at the hospital . I recorded that session between your friend and the alien . Oh . We 're very grateful to you . - Thank you . - The government wanted to hush it up , keep it a secret . - Yes , we know . - The people had to know about it . It had to be exposed for the public to see , you know ? That 's what this hearing is doing . Otherwise it could have been experimented on in secret - made more of them ; made an army of them . Well , if - when we win , that won 't happen . So how are you going to keep it from laying eggs in other people ? Are you going to put it in a cage , keep it locked up somewhere ? Look , there 's no evidence that Benjamin is even capable of laying eggs . So are you going to go away somewhere in the desert where no one can find you ? Dr. Norris isn 't going to do any of those things . He 's going to raise Benjamin as his son the very best that he can . Now if you 'll excuse me . I loved Miriam . She should have been my wife . Adam should have been my son . She loved me . She did ... until you showed up . Why did she leave me for you ? You know , it isn 't so that life finds its true path , that everything happens the way it should be . Detours , potholes , bumps in the road - they change the natural course of things . And still , I was living with it . And you know why ? Because before the accident , she confessed to me that she wasn 't happy in her marriage , that she made a mistake , that she should never have left me for you . But before we could act on it , before we could smooth that bump in the road ... you took her from me a second time . When you killed her , Eric , my dear friend , you killed the last hope I 'll ever have . I 'm sorry , Frederick . I 've been sorry every minute for the last eight years of my life . I don 't know . Can you ever get even with someone for the loss of a loved one ? Maybe not . But seeing you in this courtroom , knowing that you 're going to lose , knowing that this monster you so pathetically call your son is going to be taken from you forever , well ... I guess that 's as close as payback will ever come for me . ( all protesting ) Mm , um ... what is your profession , sir ? I was the Carmack Waterhouse Professor of Constitutional Law at Georgetown University . The petitioner maintains that the United States government is holding Benjamin without cause . This flies in the face of habeas corpus , does it not ? Well , habeas corpus is the most important safeguard of personal freedom we have against arbitrary state action . Well , for all practical purposes , it 's 100 % more important than constitutional guarantees of individual liberty . Now it 's been determined by scientists employed by the federal government that approximately 12 % of the genetic material found in Benjamin is mirrored in the DNA of Dr. Eric Norris . Now in your expert opinion , sir , would this qualify the subject in question to the rights and privileges of the United States Constitution and the Bill of Rights , including the writ of habeas corpus ? Well , when I was younger - considerably younger - people 's rights in some states in this country were determined by what percentage of his genetic inheritance was white , and what percentage was of another race . Uh , an octoroon , for example , is a person whose blood is 1 / 8 African-American . And it was a crime for such a person to vote or to marry someone who was white . And that racist law was overturned by the Supreme Court in 1967 . Do you see any difference , sir , in restricting the rights of a person who is 1 / 8 black and denying the writ of habeas corpus to Benjamin because he is 1 / 8 human blood ? I do not . Thank you . No further questions . Could you describe what you see here , Professor Barnett ? I 'm - I 'm not quite sure I can describe it . Well , with the tentacles and the huge head , possibly an octopus ? Objection , Your Honor . Counsel is leading the witness . Overruled . Correct me if I 'm wrong , Professor , but when the Founding Fathers created the Constitution of the United States , it was to protect the rights of human beings , not octopi . No further questions , Your Honor . ( indistinct shouting ) Dr. Norris , could you tell this court what your relationship is with Benjamin , the subject of these proceedings ? He is my son , my flesh . He came from inside me . He doesn 't look like me . He doesn 't look like anybody , not in this world . But he is my son . This videotape showing you and Benjamin dancing , how did that happen ? Benjamin had fallen into a very deep depression . There was nothing they could do that would revive him . When I took him into my arms , however , he awakened . The connection we have had since he was born - before that , even - took over . There is no stronger bond in this world , in any world , apparently , than that between a parent and his or her child . The photos you have been asked to look at , and the horror of the strange creature you saw dancing with me on the tape - this thing with its long appendages and large flat face , that maybe looks like an octopus to some ... is my son , Benjamin Norris . Thank you , Doctor . No further questions . Just one question , Your Honor . Your wife and child were killed in a car accident eight years ago while you were driving . Do you feel responsible for their deaths ? ( sighs ) Yes . No further questions , Your Honor . The court is adjourned until tomorrow morning at 9 : 00 at which time the government will state its case . You know , I met someone today . It was that person that sent me the video . How do you think it went today ? Very very well . You testimony was straight from the heart . I 'm sorry - that guy was really creepy . If Barry had only cross-examined me more , I could have fought back . This way I 'm just sitting there , leaving it in someone else 's hands - Ellis , for God 's sake . Jesus . I can 't lose this . - I can 't . - You won 't . If I lose - if I lose ... You 're not gonna lose , baby . You know something else ? You don 't have to take care of this all by yourself . You 've never had to carry this all by yourself - any of it , even the events from eight years ago . You love me , Eric . I know you do . I 'm not gonna hurt you . And you 're not gonna hurt me . But listen to me - you can 't shut me out . You have to let me be there for you . You have to let me help you . I 've already hurt you , and I 'm very sorry . I 'm very very sorry . Do you love me , Eric ? I do . I do love you very much . If we have to , are you willing to go away with Benjamin and me ? Live by ourselves somewhere , no one else around , maybe for the rest of our lives ? Yes . - I love you . - I love you . Eric . Miss Barry , please proceed with the respondent 's case . Thank you , Your Honor . Your Honor , no one can dispute the obvious passion that Dr. Norris feels for the subject . I would consider it irrefutable . And based on the video we 've seen , one could argue that the alien itself , despite its appearance , has a certain ineffable charm . However , Your Honor , there is more than one side to this alien , and fortunately , more than one video of it in action . The government now seeks to enter the second video into evidence . Objection , Your Honor . We were never apprised of a second video . We 've not seen it , nor were we accorded any former knowledge of its existence . - It should be inadmissible . - Is this so , Miss Barry ? It is not , Your Honor . Video of the alien subject was clearly listed amongst our evidentiary materials . But - but Your Honor , we were led to believe that that was the video we had already shown . Be seated , Mr. Ellis . You may proceed , Miss Barry . ( Benjamin growling ) So much for the next generation of Beanie Babies . Dr. Norris lost his wife and son in an automobile accident eight years ago . He 's never been able to let that go . In what way , sir ? He 's a sullen , detached man with very few friends . - Objection , Your Honor . - Overruled . And yet you 've kept him on all these years . Why is that ? Well , actually , those are probably good qualities to have - in a research scientist . - ( crowd laughing ) But seriously ? Eric Norris was a fine man ... and once a brilliant scientist . He suffered a tragic loss that scarred him badly . He 's riddled with guilt , consumed by it . This hearing is a desperate effort to liberate himself from the burden that he has carried for eight years . He 's trying to make of this alien creature ... a child to replace the son that he lost . In his own mind , I truly believe he thinks that this ... parasite is his real child . Wouldn 't you consider that to be extremely unhealthy reasoning ? I feel for the man . I understand his grief . The loss of loved ones is a terrible thing . And yes , it can distort one 's sense of reality . And that 's the reason why I keep him on - because without me , he 'd have nowhere else to go . Thank you , Doctor . Your witness . No . No , please . - Judge : Mr. Ellis ? - You 've got to let me rebut . No , please . I have no questions for this witness . You may step down , Dr. Shilling . ( gasping ) And after you arrived on the scene , could you tell the court what , if anything , you saw ? The meteor - meteorite - had pretty well burned up . But there was this one large fragment . When I kicked it over , I saw this thing inside . I knew Eric would make heads or tails from it , so I ... Were there other fragments ? Yes , but much smaller . So you don 't know for a fact that the creature you found was the only one out there . When - when I went back the next day - The next day ? You said it was ambulatory - it could move on its own . What would have prevented the others from scattering ? How do we know that there aren 't hundreds of them out there ? Hundreds of them burrowing into people 's bodies , preparing themselves to be an alien army - - Objection . - - all , Your Honor , with the destructive force we 've just seen on that video ? Objection , Your Honor . Counsel is leading and badgering the witness . There is absolutely no proof such a thing occurred . Sustained . - Thank you . - No more questions . You don 't need to do this . The case is won . This is overkill . There 's no such thing as a little pregnant , and there 's no such thing as overkill . In a war , there are no survivors left behind . War ? I was instructed to win this case at any cost , and that 's exactly what I intend to do . Your honor , you 've seen the tapes . You 've heard testimony from scientists , professors , friends . You 've heard what Dr. Norris had to say . No one questions his passion for his cause . After what we 've heard today , one could question his motivation , but I feel that case has been sufficiently argued . I now call for Exhibit A. No , you cannot do this ! You cannot bring him in here ! You cannot bring him in here ! My God , what have they done to him ? Get him out of here ! Get him out of here ! This is what the petitioner would have you believe is someone 's child - a human being 's son . Would you want this thing crawling around out there ? Would you want this thing near your families ? " Look on my work , ye Mighty , and despair . " This is not God 's work ! - I 'm gonna kill you . - ( gavel banging ) Judge : Bailiff , retain this man ! - Get away from him ! - Dr. Norris , - you are in contempt ! - Get away ! - Order ! Order in the court ! - Amanda : No ! ( cocks gun ) You 're the devil . That is your spawn . Judge : Order now ! Mankind will be overrun ! It 's the ascension of evil . He 'll kill all of humanity ! Oh ! ( cage banging ) ( crowd screaming ) Son of a bitch ! No ! Emil , drop the gun . Drop it ! ( ethereal music playing ) No ! ( fires ) ( monkey chittering ) ( men chattering ) ( singing " Hava Nagila " ) ( laughing )
