 THE LINK CINEMATOGRAPHY : SET DECORATION : MAKE UP : EDITORS : PRODUCER : MUSIC : WRITTEN DIRECTED BY : Yes boss ... You know ... All clear and understood . I 'll call you later . I 'm glad you came . Come . Here it is . You know . To witness an event like this had become a rarity . I bet it has . You have beautiful ambiance here . Ambiance ? Prison . But why converse when the machine is here . You don 't know how it works ? The president didn 't explain ? I knew it ! The machine consists of four parts . As you assume , the convict sits here . Whome I ... But before it was done by our late president . You should 've met him . He was a true visionary . He knew exactly what to do and how . Now this new one wants to change everything . He won 't let me do my work . I 'm rambling , the machine is right there . The convict sits here . His nerve system is connected to the mainframe . Mainframe ? - Didn 't you get the brochure from the president ? - No , I didn 't get anything . As I said , the convict sits here . And his brain becomes one with the machine . Here we monitor his vital functions . We naturally want him to live as long as possible . The machine works on the principle of reading the subconscious . The principle of reading the subconscious ? You know that everything a person does stays written in the subconscious ? - Off course but ... - But ! We tuned it to perfection ! It 's a sort of a brainwash . First the cerebral sensors are shut down . And the human brain is never solely dependable on itself . Sudden deprivation of all sensory information is lethal to the mind and the conscious . Then the machine has the convict 's brain on a platter . Becomes the master of his mind and body . When the brain scan is complete , the electrodes project his most painful moments . And convinces him that his life has no meaning . To commit suicide . The suicides don 't happen in reality , but only in his mind . Why couldn 't you just keep your mouth shut ? Just look at me . I 'm graduating , doing my job . I don 't mess with politics . I understand you . I 'm doing fine , not great but fine . What do I care . A pussy waits for me at home . Do you know how I 'll screw her ? What 's up ! Who will you screw ? Hey ? Who waits for you at home ? Who will you screw ? You won 't screw anyone . Only mommy waits for you at home . When I come home and see my girl , do you know what I 'll do to her ? This is the pussy ! What 's wrong ? You 'd like to lick , wouldn 't you ? Off course you would ! But with what ? With what ? The suicides revolve in a loop . As the body survives , the mind slowly dies . Goes mad . Once the people worshipped my work . I chose whom the machine would ride . Nobody rebelled nor asked why him or her . Thousand would gather to gaze at this big screen . Which is now gone . The convicts most painful moments . Every suicide would be met with an applause . And standing ovations ! Eventually we would vote for the most creative suicide . It seemed that the women always excelled . It was the opiate of the masses ! I was admired . Today . Today I only have this small screen . No applause , no joy . Wasn 't it great ? - Please explain does that convict know his charges ? - He doesn 't . So just decided to let the machine ride this man . You don 't understand , he 's a journalist ! Journalists are not human , they 're cannibals . So he 's a journalist and ? Look ... He doesn 't know his charges He 's done something wrong and I 've sentenced him . So you 're the judge and the executioner . Interesting . This journalist wrote bad things about the late president . I managed to capture him and instantly gave the verdict . The rules are simple . Here I reign supreme . Everything was fine before the new president meddled in my affairs . - What an inconvenience , you must feel gutted . - You want an explanation of this case ? I did I come here as the envoy ... of the current president . With an emphasis on your judicial system . So feel free to elaborate further . If I arrested him and took him to the interrogation room . He would defend himself with endless lies . That is very complicated . As soon as we arrested him I instantly passed the verdict . Here he is now . He 's mine and nobody can have him . Is that clear ? - Ingenious ! - Yes genius ! But it 's almost time for the execution and I still have some explaining to do . Here we monitor his vital functions . If his body isn 't physically active the machine can 't send the suggestions to the brain . And will the new president attend the execution ? He might . I 'm sorry but I have to cut my demonstration short . Don 't let me discourage you . Continue . The machine stores the information in the victims subconscious and usually gives it the suggestion to commit suicide . The victims commits as many suicides as needed ... for the brain to melt down . To get a stroke . Did you notice how I said usually ? - What ? - Come . Do you see ? What am I looking at ? There are two possible verdicts . 'Kill yourself ' and ' My dearest ' . My dearest ? Subconsciously dearest , I 'd like to emphasize . I see you mastered the matter . Now you understand this masterpiece . - Fierce masterpiece . - Punks ! Some soldiers ... Once there was discipline . They would obey and things ran smoothly . Makes you wonder why ? Why ? While the old man was alive everything functioned . And now ... Jarhead , connect ! Today people turn on eachother . There is no friendship , pride or honour . Everyone entered a state of lethargy . We became monotonous copies . Obsessed with exterior . Depression comes easy . They stab you in the back rather then listen or help . It wakes the dead ! If the old man was alive . - Now you understand these conditions . - What ? - The malfunction is serious ? - The life support . But it 's fixable . You know eachother ? - No why ? - Nothing important . And him . I wouldn 't say he 's a retard . - What ? - No tongue . That 's probably why he 's a journalist . He used to have it . - Can we talk in private ? - Sure , sure . This execution , that you almost got to admire ... hasn 't got any open followers . If you only knew how it was in the old days . You already told me . - I get carried away ... - Haven 't noticed ! I know I can 't get you to believe in the old ways . My opinion was formed before my arrival . Since you saw the lack of public support for the executions , your opinion ... My opinion of these affairs is private . But you 'll still write of what you 've seen here ? I will give my expert opinion . Though in this case it doesn 't differ from my private one . You 've studied many nations and traditions ... Yet you never called my methods inhumane . I actually think you admire the machine . You overestimate my influence . If the president 's opinion is negative . Any proposal I make won 't change the fate of the machine . Nor yours . - But the president ! - Used my participation to elegantly end these atrocities . But you approve ? Certainly not ! I even contemplated interrupting today 's demonstration . Thou it would violate every code of my profession . But your ideas are as warped as your worldview . ... that human being relic of the past morbid atrocities ... This perversion of justice is over ! I will personally report your transgressions . Just a minute . Yes , boss . Hold that thought , I 'll be right back . Yes boss . Good . I 'll call you later . My precious ! Not you moron . CAST : MUSIC PERFORMED BY : THANKS : BASED ON SHORT STORIES FROM ' SIRIUS ' MAGAZINE THE END
