 Many governments all of a sudden are now involved in the search for extraterrestrial life . You have to wonder why . Between 1948 and 1969 , the U.S. Air Force collected 12,618 UFO reports . It was actually required that all officers fill out a form if they saw anything that might be regarded as a flying saucer . And they were told not to discuss their sighting with anyone . We have to be open to the possibility that the U.S. government is absolutely aware of extraterrestrial involvement in human affairs . Since the dawn of civilization , mankind has credited its origins to gods and other visitors from the stars . What if it were true ? Did extraterrestrial beings really help to shape our history ? And if so , could the truth be exposed by the alien hunters ? London , England . July 20 , 2015 . A consortium of the world 's leading scientists , including theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking and SETI founder Frank Drake , gather at London 's Royal Society as Russian billionaire and technology tycoon Yuri Milner announces his ambitious initiative : Breakthrough Listen . The scope of our search will be unprecedented . The project is a ten-year , $ 100 million search for intelligent extraterrestrial life that is widely regarded as the most comprehensive search for alien communications in recorded history . The endowment will fund thousands of hours yearly on radio telescopes in North America and Australia , as well as data processing to look for radio signals in distant solar systems . This Breakthrough Listen Project is revolutionary because not only are they going to survey a very long list of stars , they 're going to survey ten times more area overall compared to previous surveys . I think there 's definitely been a turning point regarding the overall consensus about the possibility of extraterrestrial life . Now that we 're able to document and scientifically see out in the universe the possibility of planets that could sustain life , it also allows us the opportunity to know the odds that there is life out there is undoubtable . Breakthrough Listen marks the first time that mainstream scientists have launched a major project with the explicit purpose of finding intelligent extraterrestrial life . During the announcement , Stephen Hawking stated ... While this new initiative is monumental , the hunt for the existence of life beyond Earth has persisted for many decades . Starting around 1947 , a series of events forced certain high-level members within the United States government to officially become alien hunters . When you look at the year 1947 , the statistics are that there were at least 800 reports to police and airports of people saying that they were seeing something in the sky , they didn 't know what it was . And probably the most important , and the one that made worldwide headlines was near Mt . Rainier , Washington . On June 24 , 1947 , a businessman and pilot named Kenneth Arnold was flying near Mt . Rainier in Washington state . As he was flying around the mountain , he suddenly caught sight of a squadron of strange-looking objects . He could not figure out what they were . He was able to time them as they went between two mountain peaks , which he knew the exact distance of , and calculated their speed at between 1,200 and 1,700 miles an hour . Well , in that day , we didn 't have aircraft that could go faster than about 500 or 600 miles an hour , so this was definitely something not of terrestrial origin . He later described the objects as being somewhat delta shaped and flying as if you were to skip a saucer across a body of water . And this gave rise to the term " flying saucer . " Within days of Arnold 's report being published , there were literally 20 other reports of-of similar objects seen in the sky around the northwest of the United States . This opened the floodgates for literally hundreds of reports to pour in . Just two weeks after this flurry of UFO sightings , the infamous Roswell Incident occurred . But it was actually a sighting that happened a day earlier that thrust military officials into the hunt . On July 7 , 1947 , at Edwards Air Force Base , then called Muroc Air Base , Major J.C. Wise was sitting in his XP-84 fighter jet , experimental aircraft , when he noticed that people on the ground were watching an object off in the distance . He looked and saw a bright , spinning , yellow object about 10,000 feet in the air that was a ball of about five to ten feet in diameter . After the sighting , it was actually required that all officers fill out a form if they saw anything that might be regarded as a UFO or a flying saucer . And in addition to that , they were told not to discuss their sighting or what was on their report with anyone . In the wake of the incredible number of UFO reports that reached the military in the summer of 1947 , Lieutenant General Nathan Twining at Wright Field created a new order to ensure that all UFO reports reached the military . This led to the creation of the first official UFO research program on the part of the military known as Project Sign . On January 22 , 1948 , the U.S. government authorized its first official study of the UFO phenomenon . The highly classified agenda was known as Project Sign . Project Sign officially argued that these UFO sightings were authentic and hinted that they were , in fact , extraterrestrial in nature . But the higher-ups in the military stepped in and redacted those statements , canceled Project Sign , turned it into Project Grudge , which ultimately became Project Blue Book . The Air Force closed down Blue Book because essentially they said they didn 't find any evidence that UFOs were real or represented a threat to national security . Between 1948 and 1969 , the U.S. Air Force collected 12,618 UFO reports . Of that number , 701 remained unexplained . While the Air Force 's official stance was that Project Blue Book produced no compelling evidence that extraterrestrial craft occupied Earth 's airspace , one important contributor to the study strongly disagreed . Dr. J. Allen Hynek , a professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at Ohio State University , was appointed as scientific advisor for UFO studies during Projects Sign , Grudge and Blue Book . Dr. Hynek was a pure skeptic at the very beginning of his career as a consultant to the United States Air Force . In fact , he considered these UFOs to be utterly ridiculous . But as he got more and more involved and began talking to more and more quality witnesses , like military fighter pilots , it became clear to him that there really was something to this whole UFO question . When asked in his later years what turned him around on the whole UFO question , Dr. Hynek said two things . The first is that the Air Force was dead set on putting an answer on every single UFO report , even if they had to force the answer . The second is that he started talking to very , very credible witnesses that led him to believe that these objects were , in fact , real . In the intervening years , UFO investigators and scholars have attempted to access Project Blue Book case files utilizing the Freedom of Information Act . But the names , details and other personal information of all the witnesses and sightings have been blacked out from the documents , preventing any further examination . Considering the way the U.S. government has labeled UFOs " top secret , " we have to at least be open to the possibility that higher-ups within the U.S. government , or even those higher than U.S. government , are absolutely aware of extraterrestrial involvement in human affairs and have sought to cover up this phenomena for the past six decades . Considering the top-secret nature of these projects , is it possible that the incredible claims of Dr. J. Allen Hynek are true , and that actual contact with extraterrestrial craft has been concealed from the general population ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and claim that mankind has had contact with aliens since our earliest civilizations . Humboldt University . Berlin , Germany . January 28 , 2016 . Astroarchaeologist Mathieu Ossendrijver announces what he calls " a truly astonishing find . " He has discovered evidence that astronomers living in the ancient city of Babylon invented sophisticated mathematical equations to track the movement of Jupiter some 2,000 years ago . When modern astronomers think about the timing of events in the solar system , we use very complicated computer programs that take into account things like special relativity and general relativity . We didn 't think that ancient astronomers would have had the capacity to make the same calculations we do today . We knew that the Babylonians were able to predict when Venus would appear and which constellations would be up at certain times of the year , but we never would have expected that they were using one of the precursors to calculus to figure out the motions of Jupiter in the sky . When the Babylonians looked where Jupiter was in the sky , they would record where it was one night , and they would draw a point on a graph . They would record the time on the bottom axis and the position on the top axis . They 'd do this the next night . They 'd see Jupiter was over here . And then the next night , it 's over there and over there . And they could then draw a corner down to the time axis , and then they 'd draw a line . So you end up with a trapezoid in space . How did the ancient Babylonians understand mathematical concepts that were thought to have been developed by Isaac Newton in the 17th century ? And why were they mysteriously concerned with the precise movements of Jupiter , a planet that they associated with one of their most important gods , Marduk ? The principal deity of ancient Babylon was Marduk , and he was associated with the planet Jupiter . And there was a large mythology around his departure and eventual return . They were very interested in the return of their divinity , so any sign that the planet Jupiter would give would be of great interest . Why was Jupiter so important to this culture that they actually conscribed it as being one of their gods called Marduk ? Was it that they believed that Marduk came from this planet and would eventually return one day ? Are they recounting an extraterrestrial visitation from the past ? And were they given this advanced knowledge as a way of knowing of when this extraterrestrial being would one day return ? It 's quite compelling that many ancient cultures went to great lengths to track these celestial bodies . Much like the Breakthrough Listen project of today , many ancient cultures took great measures to study the heavens . All over the planet , there are stone observatories . These are systems of stones arranged to line up with the planets in celestial moments , suggesting that the ancients were really quite advanced in their study of the stars to use these and use them well . We are fascinated , our current scientists , in the accuracy in the alignment that they have arranged and how they are so similar , these observatories , these configurations all over the planet . It would be one thing if we found one ancient megalithic stone observatory . But the fact is that there are at least ten all around the world that were fashioned in megalithic structures . The most popular one is Stonehenge . Stone observatories , oftentimes not only do they track the stars but sometimes they track specific constellations . First and foremost , Orion , Sirius and the Pleiades . So I have to ask the question why . Because in association with those observatories , we have stories of beings arriving from the Pleiades , from Sirius and Orion , imparting knowledge to our ancestors . This whole idea of observing the stars is something that is innate in our soul . All of our ancient cultures were visited by the same type of extraterrestrials . Is it possible that the Babylonians , as well as other ancient civilizations , were watching the stars for signs of extraterrestrial life ? And if so , were they watching because contact had already been made ? Why were they obsessed with tracking the movements of stars and planets ? Was it just for orientation , so they could know what direction they 're traveling when they 're navigating on ships ? Or could it be that they were actually visited by beings that came from these planets ? I think absolutely yes . Could our ancestors ' near obsession with the movement of the stars be proof that they were in fact the first alien hunters ? If so , could it lead to proof of extraterrestrial contact hundreds or even thousands of years ago ? And might these ancient stone observatories be leading today 's alien hunters towards the next big discovery ? Barron , Wisconsin . Summer 1934 . At the age of nine , Coral Lorenzen spots a saucer-shaped object floating across the sky . It makes no sound as it moves slowly northwest , before disappearing over the horizon . The encounter lasts just 20 seconds but will forever change the course of UFO investigations . One of the early important UFO researchers in the United States is Coral Lorenzen . She had a UFO sighting long before the flying saucer wave of the ' 40s took place . And it stayed with her her whole life . In August of 1951 , Coral took on a role of being a reporter for the Green Bay Press-Gazette and wrote stories about UFOs . She got lots of responses from other people who had seen similar objects . In 1952 , Coral and her husband , a former U.S. Army Air Corps officer , Jim Lorenzen , established the first independent UFO organization , known as Aerial Phenomena Research Organization , or APRO . Coral was highly disappointed with how the Air Force and the government was handling this whole UFO question . She knew that these craft were real . She felt there needed to be an investigative body not beholden to the government that could look into this question . The Lorenzens decided the best way to investigate the phenomenon was essentially to set up an investigative group with people in different disciplines and fields who could look at reports , study them , and determine what the witnesses had seen . At the height of its success , APRO actually had more than 3,000 members , many of whom were out in the field investigating things , compiling reports , and really putting together a huge body of highly credible data , which far exceeded anything , really , that Blue Book , Sign and Grudge were doing . This was the first civilian organization to go and investigate UFOs . And once she broke the ice on this , other organizations began coming and being created . One of those organizations was called NICAP . Admiral Fahrney , who was at the time in World War Two considered the guided missile scientist of the Navy , helped found and became the chairman of NICAP . Even more interesting , the other member of NICAP was the first head of the CIA , Admiral Hillenkoetter . If there was anyone who should know if UFOs were real or not , you would think it would be the head of the Central Intelligence Agency . In 1960 , Rear Admiral Hillenkoetter stated the following three things : one , that the UFO phenomenon was real ; two , that it was not Soviet ; and , three , that we had not adequately studied scientifically the UFO phenomenon . A former director of the CIA admitting that the UFO phenomenon is real ? Might Admiral Hillenkoetter have come across definitive evidence of alien craft visiting Earth ? Despite his audacious statement , the government maintained its position that no UFO reports had proved credible . But the number of public UFO societies continued to grow . On May 31 , 1969 , APRO member Walt Andrus created his own volunteer-based organization that combined Missouri , Iowa and Illinois . What started as the Midwest UFO Network would ultimately change its name to the Mutual UFO Network , or MUFON , when it grew to become the largest UFO investigation organization in the world . MUFON now has thousands of members . They have state directors and field investigators covering the entire United States , and indeed a number of other countries , too . And unlike the way in which things were done in APRO days , MUFON 's model involves giving a lot of autonomy to the states . They organize their own conferences . They handle research projects , and they literally get boots on the ground and go out and investigate . These organizations became very popular because there was an overall change and shift in the thinking of what these phenomena were . People were now coming out and looking up to the skies just to look for the possibility that there could be something up there , understanding the potential of what these objects could be . According to ancient astronaut theorists , aliens have been visiting Earth throughout mankind 's history . So why is it that so many people in the mid 20th century suddenly became obsessed with finding evidence of extraterrestrial encounters ? Some suggest that the aliens themselves may in fact be responsible for this increased awareness . Coral Lorenzen 's setting up of APRO , and Walt Andrus 's breakaway organization MUFON , all of these were inspired by personal UFO encounters . So could it be that there was more than chance alone at work here ? Could it be that some force was somehow targeting people like Coral Lorenzen and Walter Andrus ? Is there an overseeing presence that lies behind these apparently chance encounters ? Could it be that while extraterrestrials have kept their presence concealed from humanity at large , they have chosen specific individuals as emissaries , that will ultimately reveal a greater truth ? And if so , might their plan to reconnect with humanity have been set in motion in 1934 , when nine-year-old Coral Lorenzen first spotted a strange object in the sky ? Perhaps further answers can be found by examining efforts to not only find evidence of extraterrestrials , but to contact them . Delaware , Ohio . August 15 , 1977 . At Ohio State University 's Big Ear radio telescope , astronomer Jerry R. Ehman conducts research for SETI , the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence . While reviewing recorded data , he detects a highly unusual signal originating from the constellation Sagittarius . They 're looking for this bandwidth of 1,420 megahertz . Specifically , they believed that this bandwidth corresponds to water , and that intelligent civilizations might encode the electromagnetic frequency of water with a detectable signal . So there is Jerry Ehman , on the Big Ear telescope , doing his SETI work , and a 72-second burst comes in on the 1,420 megahertz signal . 72 seconds of very bizarre static that does not look natural . It looks artificial ; it looks like something that was intelligently built and sent . So he writes " Wow ! " next to this part of the readout , and it is now known as the " Wow ! signal . " And still to this day , the Wow ! signal has never been properly explained , nor has it been deciphered . While there are various theories as to what may have caused the now famous Wow ! signal , from terrestrial radio broadcasts to comet trails , SETI has not ruled out the possibility that it may represent modern man 's first radio contact with extraterrestrials . And they have plans to reexamine the area where it originated in the near future . To get a firsthand look into this continued search for extraterrestrial life , in March of 2016 , researcher and publisher Giorgio Tsoukalos traveled to the Allen Telescope Array in Hat Creek , California , where he met with the director for SETI research , Seth Shostak . This is truly amazing . What can you tell me about this place ? Well , this place is , uh , an observatory . But it 's a radio observatory . So these things around us , these 42 antennas , they pick up radio waves . And we 're trying to pick up very special sort of radio waves , namely some that would tell us somebody 's out there . By having lots of these dishes here , we can look at more of the sky at once . We can look at multiple star systems at once . Why radio waves ? What 's so significant about radio waves ? Radio waves go at the speed of light , and they also , by the way , go through all the gas and dust that 's between the stars . So , you know , if you want to communite from one part of the galaxy to another , radio waves are a great way to do it . So the way this works is actually kind of simple . I mean , the cosmic radio static , it comes in from the sky , and it bounces off that big reflector there , that first one , okay ? - That 's-that 's a mirror for radio waves . - Mm-hmm . And that redirects them to this secondary reflector , on the end , on the nose there . And then they 're directed to the receiver , and that 's inside . That information goes through a fiber optic over to the control room . So , this is where the , uh , data coming through the fiber optics kind of ends up after it 's been processed in a display like this . And what are we looking at right here ? So we 're looking , in this case , at three star systems at once , okay ? So that speeds up the search . It also allows us to determine whether we 're really seeing E.T. or just interference . The data from one of these star systems is being displayed over on this part of the screen here . This is called a waterfall plot . That ... can you see , can you see that line - of brighter dots there ? - This right here , yes . Mm-hmm . Yeah , that 's , uh , slightly more static at that frequency slowly going down the dot . That 's the kind of thing we 're looking for . So then , if this here were an actual E.T. signal , how would it differentiate itself ? Uh , would it be a bit thicker , a bit more pronounced , a bit longer or ... What are you looking for ? It could be all of those things . So what you do is , when you find a signal like this , you make a test . You 'll just move the antennas a little bit , and see if the signal goes away . And then point it back at the star and see if it comes back . You say , " Well , that 's looking promising . " You do that again , go off , go on , go off , go on . If you do that five or ten times , you start to get excited . I hope that that day will come very soon . The Wow ! signal continues to intrigue people . So we are going to use the Allen Telescope Array to reobserve the Wow ! signal , look in the same spot on the sky , look over a wider range of frequencies , and-and if there 's something up there and it 's still broadcasting , of course we would find it . While SETI has yet to find an explanation for the Wow ! signal , NASA 's Kepler Telescope team has continued to search for signs of alien life in other solar systems , despite the U.S. government 's open denial of extraterrestrial contact . In September 2015 , after more than five years of research , members of the Kepler team revealed some incredible findings coming from the star KIC 8462852 , also known as Tabby 's Star , named for the astronomer who discovered it . What we see from Tabby 's Star is changes in light output that are not attributable to comets , to planets , to asteroids or to other fragments that would orbit the star . We 're seeing quasi-periodic dimmings of the light that can be as much as a 21 % reduction in the luminosity that 's coming out of the star . Now , we have the scientists who are publishing papers in which they propose that one of the explanations for what they are seeing is a massive extraterrestrial construct akin to something known as a Dyson sphere . A Dyson sphere is actually a gigantic structure built around a star , which harnesses the energy of the star , and could in fact be used to travel from one place to another within the galaxy . This story is a total game-changer , because it suggests that a Type II civilization , a civilization that can harness the power of an entire star , actually does exist and we can see it with our telescopes . Is it possible that astronomers hunting for habitable planets may have accidentally discovered the first extrasolar civilization ? And if so , why does the U.S. government continue to deny extraterrestrial contact ? While the true cause behind the light patterns coming from Tabby 's Star has yet to be discovered , ancient astronaut theorists suggest that world governments have ramped up the hunt for extraterrestrial life because they already know it exists . Toronto , Canada . September 2005 . Paul Hellyer , who served as the Canadian Minister of National Defence from 1963 to 1967 , makes worldwide headlines by announcing his belief in the existence of UFOs , and that the United States government has made great efforts to conceal knowledge of their existence for decades . To date , Mr. Hellyer remains the highest-ranking government official to ever publicly declare this information . I came to the conclusion that there are issues here so profound for the future of the United States and the world , that they have to be discussed ... openly and intelligently . And one of them , of course , was the possibility the U.S. could get us in an intergalactic war . And so , I decided that I should speak out . UFOs are as real as the airplanes flying overhead . This is actually paralleling something that Edgar Mitchell ... the sixth man to walk on the surface of the moon ... suggested , that there were multiple alien races visiting the Earth . This is not unknown knowledge . There are people that know and there seems to be many different , perhaps several different species of aliens visiting here . And it looks like , likely they have been for a long , long time . People in the military have witnessed UFO operations around our military facilities . And there 's been quite a number of reports of attempts to destroy some of our missile tests and the missiles in flight . They are not particularly pleased , the alien visitors , with our warlike capabilities and our nuclear capabilities . UFO researchers have suggested that the U.S. military has secretly built an installation on the surface of the moon to help combat an alien threat . If there are extraterrestrials visiting the Earth , and they 're potentially hostile , it would make a great deal of sense that we would be prepared for this . A secret military installation on the moon ? Could such claims , along with those made by former Canadian Defence Minister Paul Hellyer and Apollo astronaut Edgar Mitchell , really be true ? Perhaps further clues can be found by examining recently declassified documents . July 20 , 2014 . The United States Army declassifies and discloses one of its biggest secret missions : Project Horizon . Project Horizon 's mandate was to create , by 1966 , three years before the first NASA landing of men on the moon , a military base which could hold at least 20 individuals and which would be expanded on over time as well . It would be nuclear powered . It would have its own water supply , oxygen . And it really would be the moon equivalent of a military installation . The feeling was , from Wernher von Braun , from NASA and indeed from-from the entire government , that space would become an important battlefield . We talk about conventional warfare and how that would play out . It 's fairly clear that if there is another war , that space will be a battlefield . The United States has been working for a long time in building new weapons based on the technology that they 've gained . If you control one of the approaches to the Earth , it gives you an advantage that you wouldn 't otherwise have . Also , it 's a launching pad for anything you want to do on Earth . Could it be , as some ancient astronaut theorists contend , that the U.S. military was successful in the construction of a military base on the surface of the moon ? While the stated mission goal was to establish dominance over the Soviet Union during the Cold War , many believe the effort was not against an antagonistic global super power , but an unknown extraterrestrial force . This is even further expanded upon when we look at Reagan 's legacy and some of these things like the Star Wars initiative . So , it 's very possible that , when we look at what was happening in the Cold War era , maybe they were trying to divert attention to what was really going on . And that could have been some type of collaboration between us and Russia , of putting a space base on the moon , or doing some other type of space platform that currently now exists within our solar system . There is no doubt in my mind that Star Wars , initiated by President Reagan , was more related to the possibility of being able to take the extraterrestrials on for size than it was against rogue states . All of the best information available is that it was more intended as a possible defense against UFOs than it was against rogue missiles . Did the recent disclosure of Project Horizon only serve to try to dissuade inquiry into a real and escalating military presence in space ? And , if so , is the military preparing to actively hunt out the aliens they 've known about for decades ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest that with a recent NASA project , the U.S. government has reportedly enlisted average citizens in the hunt for extraterrestrial life . April 21 , 2015 . NASA launches an unprecedented initiative that creates a coalition of scientific experts with a mandate to lead the search for life in the universe . This scientific endeavor , known as the Nexus for Exoplanet System Science ... or " NExSS " for short ... is a game-changer in the discovery of alien life . The NExSS is a multidiscipline , multi-institute approach to try to answer the big question of : are we alone in the galaxy ? The NExSS includes researchers from multiple institutions in different subfields . It includes astrophysicists , planetary scientists , Earth scientists and even helio-physicists ... people who study the sun ... so we can put all of the different pieces together and really learn what makes a planet tick and what kind of planets might have life on them ; and if those planets do exist , whether they have life at all . Since the launch of NASA 's Kepler Space Telescope in 2009 , more than 2,000 exoplanets ... a planet that orbits around another star ... have been found , with thousands of additional candidates awaiting research and confirmation . The Planet Hunters project was the brainchild of NASA and Yale researchers . The idea of the project is to allow average , everyday people ... citizen scientists , as we call them ... the opportunity to discover planets . Citizen scientists have actually done a tremendous service to the astrophysical community by looking at Kepler data through the Planet Hunters portal . Citizen scientists have really accelerated the pace of exoplanet discoveries , because that core of 260,000 people has looked at 20 million light curves by eye . It 's really interesting that NASA is doing this , because the fact is that they wouldn 't be doing it unless they believed that there were : A , habitable exoplanets out there ; B , that the general public could help in finding them ; and C , that there might be alien life on those planets . As the executive director of MUFON , I can tell you this shift has already started . We get calls from credible scientists , engineers , politicians and their staff , who want to know more about this phenomenon , because they realize that it is in fact real . So , as we look into this question of who they are , why they 're here and where they 're from , I think we 'll learn more about ourselves ... about who we are , where we 're from and why we 're here . In the search for extraterrestrial life , there are a number of questions that need to be asked . Where 's this gonna lead to ? What are the implications ? If we find extraterrestrials are benevolent , well , that 's good news ; it 's gonna help us . If we find out they 're malevolent and hostile , we could find ourselves in quite literally a world war . Is it possible that governments around the world are now openly on the hunt for extraterrestrials because they already have knowledge of their existence ? And if so , has the point finally come when this truth can no longer be covered up ? Perhaps it will soon be revealed that aliens have been visiting Earth for thousands of years , and that we are not searching for proof of their existence , but watching for their return . CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY A + E NETWORKS
