 And here he is ... King Tut himself , laying right in front of us , more than 3,000 years later . This tomb was made for ultimate protection . And when they first opened this tomb , people died mysteriously . The ancient pharaohs would place a curse on all those who would enter into their tombs . What is the deadly secret behind the curse of King Tut ? We 're dealing with an extraterrestrial force that the ancient Egyptians were utilizing to protect these tombs . Does alien technology prevent us from learning our true past ? Something very significant that perhaps we still don 't understand was hidden in that tomb . And if so , what might happen when the so-called curse is finally lifted ? According to the idea that I subscribe to , it will be the return of the extraterrestrials . Oak Island . Nova Scotia , Canada . 2017 . Rick and Marty Lagina return to the land they purchased here ten years ago in an effort to solve a centuries-old mystery ... One that began in 1795 , when three Nova Scotia farm boys set out to explore the island after witnessing strange lights coming from its shore in the middle of the night . According to a legendary curse , seven men must die before the island will reveal a treasure that lies buried deep beneath its surface . So far , six lives have been lost in pursuit of the treasure . The island has been studied and explored by generation after generation of earnest seekers . The current owners have brought in much heavier equipment than has ever been used before , and they are dedicated to finding out the secret of Oak Island . But some ancient astronaut theorists believe they already know what will be found . There was a giant shaft that had been dug into the island . Very , very deep . And , at certain levels , flood tunnels had been built from the ocean that came to the shaft . And so you have to wonder if people have gone through a lot of effort to protect something . And I would suspect the Ark of the Covenant . The Ark of the Covenant ? The golden chest built to house the Ten Commandments ? How would this have ended up buried more than 100 feet beneath the earth on Oak Island ? And what does it have to do with a curse ? Ancient astronaut theorists say the answer lies more than 5,000 miles away , with a curse that dates back to the 14th century BC . Egypt . Valley of the Kings . November 4 , 1922 . A young boy , working for a British excavation team led by Howard Carter , is riding his donkey home one night , when suddenly the animal 's hoof slips into a hole below the sand . Thinking he may have stumbled upon the entrance to a tomb , he rushes home and alerts Carter . When Howard Carter came in , they dug feverishly , all the way through the tomb . 72 steps . Till they reached the sealed door of the tomb , which was right here . He instantly made a hole into the wall before destroying it . And Howard Carter peeked in and said ... And I quote ... " I see wonderful things . " Which was very true . Right inside King Tut 's tomb , there were wonderful things . This tomb was packed with gold and treasures . Incredibly , Howard Carter and his team had unearthed the tomb of King Tutankhamen . To this day , it is considered the best-preserved and most intact tomb ever found in the Valley of the Kings . Although the excavation team achieved instant , worldwide fame for their discovery , their triumph was short-lived . During the opening of the tomb of King Tut , all the workers were very wary ... The Egyptian ones . It is known that ancient Egyptian tombs have the curse of the pharaohs . Whoever enters the tomb first will die . While most Westerners involved did not take the ancient stories of a curse seriously , the opening of King Tut 's tomb was almost immediately followed by numerous tragedies , some with eerie connections to the alleged curse . Soon after the opening of the tomb , a messenger went to the archaeologist 's house . This was Howard Carter . He found Carter 's beloved canary in the mouth of a cobra , which was the symbolic snake of the pharaoh . Later , we learned that Lord Carnarvon himself was bit on the cheek by a mosquito in the very same place that King Tut , it turned out , was also wounded . He died within weeks of a blood-borne disease , very mysteriously . Howard Fields , another archeologist who came to the tomb , had his home burned down and flooded . And people began to wonder if , in fact , this was the curse of Tutankhamen . No fewer than seven deaths have been associated with the opening of the tomb , the same number of lives that Oak Island must claim , according to the legend . Could there really have been a curse protecting King Tut 's tomb ? And if so , what was behind it ? Curses were a tool of Heka , the magical technology that the ancient Egyptians used that they said was a gift of their extraterrestrial gods . This suggests that the curse of the pharaohs is an extraterrestrial force , or perhaps even technology that the ancient Egyptians were utilizing to protect these tombs . Is it possible that some type of extraterrestrial technology was activated with the opening of King Tut 's tomb ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and as further evidence , point to the so-called magic bricks found at the tomb . In the tomb of Tutankhamen ... When we go over to the Tibetan arena , we see these prayer wheels . And this is a very interesting thing , because the priest would actually go by and they would roll these cylindrical drums with their hands . And they believe that the simple rolling of the drum would actually impress the words upon the space around them . They believe that space was alive and intelligent . So this suggests the possibility that certain words do , in a sense , become imbued with a force . That force may be something that certain types of extraterrestrial or extra-dimensional beings can actually access . Is it possible that the Egyptians were working with extraterrestrials , who would , in fact , generate these types of seemingly magical phenomena in the event that people tried to transgress into these locations ? If the so-called magic bricks really were alien technology , as ancient astronaut theorists suggest , might they have triggered the terrible events that were set in motion when Howard Carter breached the entrance to King Tut 's tomb ? And is there a connection to the curse that is said to exist on Oak Island today ? Perhaps further clues will be revealed by examining an artifact in King Tut 's tomb that isn 't found in any other : a fifth magic brick . September 22 , 1926 . Howard Carter and his team begin their fifth excavation season at the tomb of King Tutankhamen . The focus of their work is an unwalled room on the far end of the burial chamber called the treasury . When they enter , the first thing they come upon is a fifth so-called magic brick . This fifth brick has a harrowing inscription that reads , " It is I who hindered the sand " from choking the secret chamber " and who repel that one who would repel him " with the desert flame . " I have set aflame the desert . " I have caused the path to be mistaken . I am for the protection of the deceased . " And we have to wonder , why was this fifth brick placed in the tomb of Tutankhamen ? While other pharaohs ' tombs were found to contain four magic curse bricks , only King Tut 's includes a fifth . But why ? - That fifth brick may be a clue , a sort of " X " - marks-the-spot treasure map that shows us that something very significant that perhaps we still don 't understand was hidden in that tomb . On September 28 , 2015 , British Egyptologist Nicholas Reeves made a remarkable discovery while examining high-resolution scans of King Tut 's tomb : the possibility of hidden cavities within the burial chamber . Dr. Reeves looked at high-resolution images of this wall , and , um , he noticed a crack that looks like it should have been a door . And it was right about here . They brought thermal scanners in and scanned behind this wall , and they believed they found cavities behind this specific area . He took a permission to go inside the north room and dig through to discover what 's behind this wall . But just a couple of months before the mission took place , it was stopped for unknown reasons . Who , or what , may be hidden in this secret chamber is hotly debated , but some researchers believe it is possible that it contains the remains of Egypt 's most controversial pharaoh , Akhenaten , who also happens to be the father of King Tut . Ancient Egypt had always been polytheistic , many gods , and then there is a new leader , a new pharaoh with a new idea . Akhenaten announces there will be one god , they will be a monotheistic people . Aten , the sun god , would be the one divinity they all worshipped . The image is the sun disc . It shook the empire in really terrible ways . What could have inspired Akhenaten to make such drastic changes during a time of tremendous prosperity ? Ancient astronaut theorists suggest there may have been an otherworldly influence , and as evidence , point to the way he was depicted by artists of the time . Akhenaten introduced the idea that every time his artisans would carve something , it had to be lifelike , so it had to be represented exactly the way it was seen . Which is interesting , because , if you look at the likenesses of Akhenaten , he looks very strange . Akhenaten had himself depicted in the most peculiar way . He had this elongated face , he had this protruding belly , he had these almost like chicken leg-type legs . Very peculiar , with this elongated skull at the back . Now , all other pharaohs had themselves depicted looking as , shall we say , majestic and muscular as possible . One has to wonder if Akhenaten may have been some type of an extraterrestrial hybrid , and that is why he introduced this one-god rule . Perhaps that sun disc Aten that Akhenaten prayed to wasn 't a sun in the sky at all , but it could have been an extraterrestrial that instructed Akhenaten . The texts say it 's a winged disc . The sun is not referred to as a winged disc . Following Akhenaten 's death , his enemies went to extreme lengths to obliterate his legacy . Right here , opposite King Tut 's tomb , is the very mysterious KV55 . Most Egyptologists agree that the mummy they found inside was King Akhenaten 's mummy . They found a destroyed coffin , and every wall painting was already chiseled off , intentionally chiseled off . Which would make sense . It would make sense that this tomb has been trying to wipe out King Akhenaten 's memory . Because the tomb had been so badly vandalized , it could not be verified with absolute certainty who it belonged to . And some Egyptologists claim that examination of the mummy proves definitively that it was not Akhenaten ... It was someone else . When it was examined , it turned out to be somebody who , uh , is in his early 20s ... The ancient Egyptians did not want us to know anything about Akhenaten . You can only wonder if there 's a connection now to the curse that protects King Tut 's tomb . Was it , in fact , to protect an even darker secret ? Is it possible that the mummy of Akhenaten was not buried in his tomb , but instead was secretly placed in a hidden chamber in the tomb of his son , King Tut ? And might the so-called curse of the pharaohs have been put in place to keep us from finding it until a time when we are ready to discover the truth about Akhenaten 's otherworldly origins ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest an even more profound secret can be found by examining King Tut 's sarcophagus and the name that was removed from it . Egypt . Valley of the Queens . January 26 , 1909 . 13 years before the discovery of King Tut 's tomb , artist and playwright Joseph Lindon Smith and Egyptologist Arthur Weigall perform a theater piece for Howard Carter 's team . The play tells the story of a curse that was placed on the pharaoh Akhenaten by the priests of Amun , who he had defied . According to the curse , Akhenaten would not be able to travel to the otherworld , but would be doomed to walk the Earth as a ghost . Now , some very interesting circumstances unfortunately took place when they went through with this play . This storm comes up out of nowhere , blinds one of the actresses . One of the play writers ' wives is befuddled with this unknown sickness . Really raises a lot of questions as to this curse around Akhenaten actually being real . In the legends of many curses , there is often a story that a certain mantra , or reading a certain script will suddenly activate the curse . So you have to wonder , is it possible that there is some kind of extraterrestrial device that 's activated by sound ? Just in the same way that we would talk to Siri or Alexa , from Amazon , and activate it with our voices , and give it commands , and then it 's going to do something for us . Is it possible that there is some form of alien technology that was enacted with both the unsealing of King Tut 's tomb and the recitation of ancient lines contained in the play to lift Akhenaten 's curse ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest that the curse was designed not only to hide the truth about Akhenaten 's extraterrestrial ancestry , but also another incredible secret about mankind 's past ... One that can be found by examining the sarcophagus of King Tut . Every mummy had coffins that look like the king . The face was sculpted in a way that looks like the mummy inside it . Whether the coffins were made of wood or made of solid gold , like King Tut 's , it had to resemble the way King Tut looked . Every pharaoh was buried not within one coffin , but several concentric coffins , like a Russian nesting doll . King Tut has three . Right in front of me is the sarcophagus of the king . Now there 's a lot of debate about the middle coffin . It has different facial features than the rest . And it also seems like the cartouche where the name of the king would be was replaced with King Tut 's name instead . Now , under further analysis , they were able to read the name on the cartouche underneath King Tut 's name . And that read " Ankhkheperure . " Ankhkheperure was not King Tut . Why was a sarcophagus that was made for Ankhkheperure used to hold the mummy of King Tut ? His death at 19 was definitely a problem for the tomb makers . It ended up being a rushed job . He got the smallest tomb in the valley . But who is Ankhkheperure ? Every ruler in ancient Egypt was given a throne name that was different from his birth name . The throne name of Ankhkheperure is believed to have belonged to a very important and mysterious member of King Tut 's family . Ankhkheperure could have been the throne name of Prince Thutmose , who was allegedly Akhenaten 's brother and was supposed to rule before or after Akhenaten , but never got to . There are numerous theories regarding Akhenaten 's mysterious brother Thutmose . But the most profound comes from an unexpected source : Sigmund Freud , who , in addition to being the founder of psychoanalysis , was also a scholar of Judaism and ancient Egypt . Sigmund Freud , the famous psychoanalyst , in 1939 , first suggested that monotheism began with Akhenaten , and he thought that someone in Akhenaten 's court , perhaps his brother Thutmoses , could in fact be the historical Moses . Could Sigmund Freud 's audacious conclusion be true ? That Akhenaten 's biological brother was in fact the Hebrew leader Moses ? According to Freud , the events depicted in the Bible surrounding Moses ' birth , exile , and most importantly his introduction of monotheism , perfectly coincide with the historical record of Thutmose . The name Thutmoses means " son of the god Thoth . " If you take away the " Thut " element in his name , it simply means " son of . " " Mose " means " the son of . " Now , the name Moses is very similar to " Mose , " and it just so happens that the story of Moses in the Bible is set at exactly the time that Thutmose disappears from history . And we 're told in the Bible that Moses grows up as the brother of the prince apparent to the throne . In other words , the historical Thutmose could be the biblical Moses . In recent years , a number of Egyptologists , like Ahmed Osman , have proposed theories similar to Freud 's . Freud realized the similarity between Akhenaten 's religion and the Jewish religion . He suggested that after Akhenaten had left his throne ... Curiously , at the same time as the Exodus of the Israelites , it is also recorded that the followers of Akhenaten were forced to flee Egypt . Do the stories of Moses and Akhenaten reveal an extraterrestrial agenda to alter the course of humanity ? Ancient astronaut theorists propose that , much like Akhenaten , many of the events surrounding the life of Moses point to an otherworldly connection . The Egyptian Museum . Cairo , Egypt . On prominent display in the King Tutankhamen exhibit is a wooden chest covered in gold leaf . On top of it sits the statue of a jackal , the Egyptian god Anubis . When Howard Carter and his team began their fifth season excavating King Tut 's tomb in 1926 , they came upon this unusual shrine guarding the entrance to the treasury room . What ancient astronaut theorists find most intriguing about this artifact is its undeniable similarities with perhaps the most important sacred object in all of Judeo-Christian history : the Ark of the Covenant . The Ark of the Covenant is the central shrine to ancient Israel . It 's actually a-a box , a wooden box made out of acacia wood , overlaid in gold . And on the cover are two mythological beings , cherubs . There are also rings on the side of the box through which poles are placed . What we have in Tutankhamen 's tomb is an Egyptian version of the Ark of the Covenant . If Prince Thutmoses was the historical Moses it would explain why , when he led the Israelites out of Egypt into the Sinai wilderness , that he got them to make this Ark of the Covenant . It is exactly the same as the item found in Tutankhamen 's tomb . But what could account for the similarity between the Anubis Shrine and the Ark of the Covenant ? According to the biblical text , Moses was given instructions for building the Ark of the Covenant when he spoke with God at the top of Mount Sinai . However , some ancient astronaut theorists suggest there is evidence that the Ark already existed in Egypt . There 's numerous depictions on the temple walls that reference a device that resembles the Ark of the Covenant . At the Temple of Seti in Abydos , in the Osiris Chapel , we see depicted on the walls the single most powerful relic in all of human history . It 's called the Osiris Device . It functioned as a stairway to heaven . What most people don 't realize is that the Osiris Device was actually the biblical Arc of the Covenant . Is it possible that the Anubis Shrine found in King Tut 's tomb was a representation of the Osiris Device , the Egyptian name for what would become known as the Ark of the Covenant ? Could it have originally belonged to Akhenaten , and might Moses have taken this with him when he left Egypt ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest that this object contained extraterrestrial technology . The Bible records that when the Ark was , for lack of a better word , activated , two sons of the High Priest Aaron approached it . And because they were not properly prepared , the Bible says a fire came forth and burned them . But the legends state that the nature of this fire was two beams of light that actually entered inside their nostrils and burned them from within . Sounds very similar to what we today understand as electrocution . It was said that the Ark could create lightning , that the Ark could fly . We know that the Ark of the Covenant is a communication device between man and God , because God tells us so in Exodus . So was this god some kind of extraterrestrial ? And was the Ark of the Covenant some sort of device that allowed communication between Moses and Aaron and some extraterrestrial spaceship orbiting the Earth ? But if extraterrestrials directed Moses , and perhaps Akhenaten before him , to lead the Israelites towards a new monotheistic faith , what motivated them to do so ? What if these alien visitors didn 't want future generations of humans to know that they had intervened in our development ? If a new monotheistic religion were to arise , then people would start to relegate figures like Amun-Ra and the all the rest to the realm of mythology . The extraterrestrials could hide our true history until a time when we were ready to have it revealed . Did alien visitors attempt to change the course of history , first through Akhenaten and then Moses ? And might this be why a so-called curse was put on King Tut 's tomb , to hide the clues that lead to this connection , until humanity is ready to know the truth ? Perhaps further answers can be found by examining the fate of the Ark of the Covenant after the time of Moses , and the curse that followed it . Jerusalem , 586 BC . Roughly 750 years after the death of Akhenaten , and the Exodus of Moses and the Israelites from Egypt , the Ark of the Covenant is believed to reside here in Solomon 's Temple , where it is heavily guarded . But the city has been under siege by the Babylonians , who finally manage to break through Jerusalem 's walls . In 586 BCE , the Babylonians came and ultimately destroyed the Temple of Solomon . The million-dollar question is : what happened to the Ark of the Covenant ? According to historical accounts , the Babylonians stole every treasure they could find from Solomon 's Temple , but there is no mention of the Ark of the Covenant . One story proposes that King Solomon had a son named Menelik with the Queen of Sheba , and that Menelik stole the Ark and took it to Ethiopia with him long before the Babylonians invaded , hiding it in a small chapel in the city of Aksum , where it still resides today . But many believe the Ark remained hidden at the site of Solomon 's Temple long after the Babylonian invasion , until it was smuggled out of Jerusalem by the ancient order of the Knights Templar . The Knights Templar were a mysterious order of warrior monks who were formed in the 12th century . King Baldwin II of Jerusalem gave them a wing of a palace on what we now know as the Temple Mount . A number of historians have speculated that it was part of their mandate to do excavations at Solomon 's Temple in Jerusalem , and that during these excavations , they discovered , in a hidden chamber , beneath the temple , a secret room that had the Ark of the Covenant in it . Were the Knights Templar really in possession of the Ark of the Covenant ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest there is evidence that , like King Tut 's tomb , it too was protected by a curse . Ile de la Cité . Paris , France . March 18 , 1314 . After enduring seven long years of torture , Jacques de Molay , the 23rd and final Grand Master of the Knights Templar , is executed by order of King Philip IV and Pope Clement V. It 's thought that King Philip really wanted to get rid of the Templars so that he could take their treasure and pay off his own debts . But you have to wonder , did King Philip and maybe the pope realize that the Templars had the Ark of the Covenant now , and perhaps this is what they really wanted , an extraterrestrial device that was being kept by the Knights Templar ? Jacques de Molay gets the last word . He curses both the pope , Clement V , and the king , Philip IV , directly from the stake before he dies . But he doesn 't stop there . Jacques de Molay does not just curse the king . He curses the entire line of the Capetian kings . Shortly after , the pope died of a rare disease . The church where the service was to be held for the pope burned down . The king died , the house that followed him lost control of the throne . All this , shortly after the Grand Master was executed . The curse seems to have come literally true . Over the course of the next 14 years , all three of King Philip 's sons died and his only grandson died as well , ending the Capetian dynasty exactly as Jacques de Molay had cursed . So you have to wonder if this curse on King Philip and the pope was something that came through the Ark of the Covenant in some strange way , and its curse was all about protecting that device itself . Is it possible that the curse placed upon King Tut 's tomb was also the same one that protected the Ark of the Covenant ? And could it be that the curse has its origins in an extraterrestrial intelligence ? When the Knights Templar were persecuted in France in the 14th century , Scotland became their safe haven . Some researchers believe they brought the Ark of the Covenant with them , before a Templar named Henry Sinclair secretly smuggled it to the New World , landing in Nova Scotia in 1398 . Curiously , a tribe called the Mi 'kmaq , that occupied this region of Canada during Sinclair 's alleged expedition , designed their flag in a manner that is a mirror image of the Templar battle flag . Within this greater Nova Scotia area , there are many signs that the Templars were there . You have the Newport , Rhode Island Tower that is thought to have been built by the Knights Templar . You have images of knights with swords and helmets that are carved on rocks in New Hampshire and Massachusetts . And on Oak Island itself is a giant cross , a thousand feet long , that 's made out of six huge boulders . And the central boulder looks like a human head , and it has a sword carved into the side . Did the Ark of the Covenant really end up buried on Oak Island ? Perhaps further clues can be found by examining the curse that continues to plague the island to this day . Oak Island . Nova Scotia , Canada . 1803 . Simeon Lynds forms the Onslow Company , the first formal organization dedicated to excavating the treasure at Oak Island . Within a year , while digging in the infamous borehole known as the Money Pit , they discover an unusual stone slab at a depth of 90 feet . When it is brought to the surface , the excavators immediately notice strange hieroglyphs of an unknown language covering the stone . Shortly after this , a series of calamities befall everyone who attempts to search for the treasure . There is famously a curse around Oak Island , and it is said that seven people must die before the treasure of Oak Island will reveal itself . And there have in fact been tragic deaths on Oak Island . The island claimed its first victim in 1861 , when the boiler of a cast-iron pump and steam engine burst , scalding one man to death and injuring others . In 1897 , Maynard Kaiser was killed when a hoisting rope slipped off a pulley , dropping him down a shaft . And in 1965 , Robert Restall also fell into a shaft , after inhaling mysterious fumes that rendered him unconscious . His son Bobby and two other men who attempted a rescue died along with him , bringing the death toll to six . Could this be evidence that a curse truly exists on Oak Island ? And might it be connected to the stone slab that contained mysterious hieroglyphic writing ? When you look at the so-called 90-foot stone , you have to ask yourself : is this the clue that gets you to understand what the treasure of Oak Island is ? Or might it be a curse brick that is actually trying to protect that secret ? There is an undeniable similarity between this brick that we see at Oak Island and the curse bricks that we see in King Tut 's tomb . The Templars chose Oak Island to bury whatever it is that they found at the temple in Jerusalem during the Crusades . And in my opinion , what they had discovered was either the complete Ark of the Covenant or components of it . And the Ark of the Covenant , according to the ancient astronaut theory , contained an extraterrestrial device . This suggests that there could be one unified group that is behind Oak Island , behind King Tut 's tomb , that is protecting the Ark of the Covenant , that is protecting the Egyptian heritage of Moses , and may in fact be concealing the truth of humanity 's extraterrestrial origins . Could an ancient Egyptian curse really be guarding an incredible secret concerning mankind 's alien origins ? And might proof of that secret be contained within the legendary Ark of the Covenant ? There are those who believe the answer is a profound yes , and that the evidence lies buried some 160 feet below a remote island in Nova Scotia , and which , like King Tut 's tomb , remains guarded by a deadly curse , one that demands the sacrifice of seven lives before the secret can be revealed . CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY A + E NETWORKS
