 Once it reaches its critical temperature , it will actually levitate . This , to me , looks like a flying saucer . Could we have something that potentially people could ride in ? If you have enough magnetism , there 's no limit to how big this can be . Unbelievable . We 're seeing a very intriguing connection here . At this ancient site of Teotihuacan , there may be a location in which exotic technology was used to create an electromagnetic field . At very low temperatures , mercury would display the same behavior . Mercury , in fact , was the first superconductor ever discovered . Archeologists found a literal river of liquid mercury at Teotihuacan . So there absolutely does appear to be an advanced ancient civilization that was here , and this is the actual spaceport of this civilization . ♪ ♪ Mexico City . Beneath the current-day capital of Mexico lie the ruins of the ancient Aztec metropolis known as Tenochtitlan . The Aztecs dominated much of central Mexico from the 14th to the 16th century AD , and Tenochtitlan is considered to be their first official settlement ... An incredibly sophisticated city featuring a grid system of canals and causeways . But according to their historical texts , the Aztec civilization did not originate here . The Aztecs say they started from this place up in the north called Chicomoztoc . It was a cave , and inside that cave , it had seven different caverns , and there were said to be seven different tribes . And the Aztecs say they were part of the seven tribes that came from the seven chambers of Chicomoztoc . While Chicomoztoc was once thought to be a mythological place , some scholars believe archaeological evidence suggests that it really did exist , and is located at the site of the ancient pyramid complex known today as Teotihuacan . The place of seven caves , we think maybe that has actually been located archaeologically at the site of the main temple of Teotihuacan , called the Pyramid of the Sun , which sits just north of the Valley of Mexico . Underneath it is actually a cave with seven different spots that it extends out into . And that 's where the Aztecs said their original ancestors came from . In the 16th century , Spanish chronicler Geronimo de Mendieta recorded the legends of the local native population . According to their accounts , the Aztec believed that they were fashioned by a group of stranded gods within these seven caves . Mendieta wrote an account of Aztec legend . In this report , he describes a giant flint knife landing on the Earth . And the Earth was trembling and shaking as this enormous flint knife landed . Then some 1,600 gods disgorged from this thing , and they are responsible for launching Aztec civilization . The Aztecs talk about the many gods coming down to Earth and creating humans . They create them out of bone , ash and their own blood . And they make them somewhat in their own image . But they make them specifically so that they will honor them and they will serve them . All of a sudden , there is a description of a giant flint knife that descended from the sky , and somebody emerged out of it . One has to wonder whether or not our ancestors were witness to a landing of some type of a craft . If so , then the Aztec story suggests that , some point in our history , extraterrestrials created mankind . And something very strange was going on at Teotihuacan . Located just 30 miles northeast of Mexico City , the Teotihuacan complex encompasses nearly eight square miles , and is dated to the first century AD . It is the oldest and most sophisticated city of Mesoamerica , an area that extends from northern Mexico down through Central America . The civilization predated the Maya by at least a hundred years . At its peak , it was said to have supported nearly 100,000 residents . It was also the largest city in the entire Western Hemisphere prior to the 15th century , and served as the major commerce and religious center for the region . The significance of Teotihuacan cannot be overstated . It is the Rome of Mesoamerica . The things that Teotihuacan did set the pattern for all other city-states after it . The central features of the complex are two large pyramids , known as the Pyramid of the Sun and the Pyramid of the Moon , as well as a temple dedicated to Quetzalcoatl , the feathered serpent . These structures stand alongside a thoroughfare referred to as the Avenue of the Dead . Over 200 smaller buildings , platforms and pyramids are found adjacent to the Avenue . And there are thousands of living quarters just outside the complex . But as incredible as Teotihuacan is , no one knows exactly who built this metropolis or what happened to its occupants . Teotihuacan , despite its size , has no hieroglyphs whatsoever . There are other cultures in Mesoamerica that were using writing systems . There 's nothing like that at Teotihuacan . So we don 't really have a clear history of what happened at Teotihuacan . And we can 't really find evidence of their rulers . To develop a complete , huge complex , citadel ... We have such a sophisticated site that embodies engineering principles , craftsmanship , art . Where did it originate ? Where are the smaller versions of this ? Well , we don 't find any . So , we don 't have a progression , an evolution , to show where this came from . So we have to ask : where did it come from ? We 've become conditioned to look at these awesome works of stone architecture and think , " Oh , primitive people did that , and they used primitive methods with primitive technology . " But we have to rethink the fundamental assumptions , and come to a greater and greater level of understanding that the technology required to build these artifacts , in fact , is greater than anything that they possessed . But based on the local lore of the region , ancient astronaut theorists suggest that the original builders of the site may not have been human at all . All of the people in this area felt this city was a sacred site connected to a divine realm . The population along the coast were the Totonac . They believed that the place was founded by a dozen sky gods ... The lords of thunder . Other nearby Mesoamerican cultures had their own theories . One associated the site with the feathered serpent god Quetzalcoatl , who was said to have come from Venus . It was the Aztecs who gave the place its name , Teotihuacan ... City of the Gods . The name speaks for itself . So one has to ask the question : what gods ? Who were they ? Were they just a figment of our ancestors ' imagination , or did they see someone ? Did somebody visit them to essentially jumpstart civilization ? If Teotihuacan truly was founded by extraterrestrial visitors in the remote past , just how old might the site be ? And could this ancient city still hold evidence of alien visitation ? Every year , millions of tourists visit the ancient ruins of Teotihuacan . But most are unaware that many of the buildings they see throughout the complex have been erected upon much older structures . The Pyramid of the Sun is believed to consist of a total of five layers of pyramids , one built on top of the next , like a Russian nesting doll . Curiously , the oldest layers are said to exhibit the most advanced building techniques . Evidence of this older stonework can still be found scattered in parts of the complex , including a largely off-limits area behind the Pyramid of the Feathered Serpent . This enormous stone has been very finely cut by the inhabitants of Teotihuacan . Local researcher Marco Vigato has gained unprecedented access to this part of the site . When archaeologist Leopoldo Batres started excavating the site in 1884 , he discovered the pyramids were buried in upwards of 12 feet of earth . He surmised that only a catastrophic event could account for the devastation . It was covered under a deep layer of earth . And we have to ask why . How did it get covered in so much dirt ? It would require an enormous amount of time for nature to do it . Unless you have a catastrophic flooding . You have to ask yourself : was there some big cataclysm that occurred here in prehistory ? Possibly even the Great Flood that is spoken of in various mythologies around the world ? This could mean that Teotihuacan is actually many , many thousands of years older than what archaeologists say . According to the accounts recorded by Spanish chroniclers when they initially made contact with the locals , the Aztec believed that they were one of seven tribes to be created by the gods at a time after the world had been wiped clean due to a catastrophic event . They were the last group to leave the caves where they were created in order to repopulate the world . Teotihuacan is where they believe the gods had created humanity , had created all things , had created the sun , which they referred to as the " fifth sun . " The Aztecs had a cosmology that involved five ages . They were solar ages , about 5,000 years long , and each one terminates in a disaster . The fourth age was called the " Water Sun , " and it was presided over by the goddess Chalchiuhtlicue . She was the goddess who , at the end of the age , poured the deluge on the Earth , and flooded everything . If the origins of the site are thousands of years older than mainstream archaeologists suggest , might this help explain why , even after decades of excavations , they still haven 't found evidence of who the site 's rulers were ? And could it also shed new light on recent perplexing discoveries ? October , 2003 . Torrential rains sweep through the ruins of this ancient pyramid complex ... leaving a three-foot-wide sinkhole at the foot of one of the site 's most important structures : the Temple of the Feathered Serpent . Archaeologists immediately begin exploring the cavity . What they found is the tunnel leading from outside the temple all the way to about centerline underneath the temple . It was very filled in , probably by the Teotihuacanos themselves . But it 's been a slow process to excavate . Halfway through down the tunnel , we find these two chambers on either side . As they continued down , they found three more chambers at the end . And those hold some incredible things . There were many jade statues in there . And ceramics . In April , 2015 , after nearly 12 years of excavations , archaeologist Sergio Gómez and his team make another shocking discovery . Directly underneath the center of the pyramid , they have located a vast pool of liquid mercury . What makes this so interesting is that the mercury cannot exist in its native form in nature . There is a natural minerallac material called " cinnabar , " and in order to get mercury , you have to extract it out of the cinnabar , which requires a complex process involving high temperatures . It 's a highly toxic element . It is difficult to extract . So , the logistics behind this are incredible . How was it transported there ? Where did it come from and for what purpose ? Also , how did our ancestors handle liquid mercury without them dying out ? Interestingly enough , the only other site that features liquid mercury is in China , inside the tomb of the first emperor . How come there is liquid mercury in a tomb in China , and now they 've discovered liquid mercury in Teotihuacan ? One has to ask the question : what was it used for ? Liquid mercury is a superconductor , and in our modern technological age , this class of elements is being used in revolutionary applications such as free-energy generation , advanced medical imaging and cutting-edge transportation projects . But why would there be vast amounts of mercury found under a nearly 2,000-year-old pyramid ? Could it have served a technological purpose ? May , 2013 . Just two years prior to the astounding discovery of liquid mercury at Teotihuacan , archaeologist Sergio Gómez and his team made another curious find : hundreds of gold-colored metallic spheres scattered in the same tunnel beneath the Temple of the Feathered Serpent . The spheres ranged in diameter from just one inch up to five inches . There were hundreds of them . On the exterior , they were burned pyrite . And on the interior , they 're mostly clay . In fact , the entire chamber seems to have flecks of this golden pyrite or fool 's gold all over it . I 've never seen anything like it . I do not know what these things are , what their meaning is . To my knowledge , we 've never found a chamber like that anywhere in Mesoamerica , certainly nowhere in Teotihuacan . It 's an enigma , and neither I nor any of my colleagues know what to make of it . One of the findings of the analysis of these golden spheres was that there are substances in them that can 't be identified , can 't be related to other known Earth substances . The archeologists themselves cannot explain how these were formed , why is there anomalous organic material within them , or what purpose did they serve . We have to wonder what these pyramids and this whole structure is about . What are these golden spheres about ? And why is there mercury inside of this pyramid ? It 's almost like some kind of alien technology is being used at Teotihuacan , but we don 't understand it . The recent finds of mercury and the inexplicable golden spheres only add to the mystery of the site . In 1906 , archaeologist Leopoldo Batres discovered layers of mica throughout the Teotihuacan complex . The discovery of entire sheets of this material , which is used in electrical and thermal applications , has baffled researchers , as it has not been found in any other ancient architecture . In a couple of different places in Teotihuacan , we 've discovered sheets of mica . The first reports of them were supposedly that Leopold Batres had found these large sheets of mica on top of the Temple of the Sun . Since that first discovery , entire chambers lined with mica have allegedly been found at different locations along the Avenue of the Dead , but the areas are now off limits to visitors . Ever since the late 1990s , the Mexican government ... In the 1970s , author and researcher Erich von Daniken got a firsthand look into one of these mica chambers . I was brought there by a local archeologist who loved my books , and he said he can show me a mystery . There is a room , and the room has a ceiling , and has , of course , four walls . And in the four walls , you see mica . This mica is put in artificially . It 's like an insulation . First , you have stone , then you have a level of mica , about ten centimeter , and then again stone . From this chamber where the mica is , there is a hole , and the hole is insulated with mica . And I have been told that the hole goes inside the great pyramid ... The Pyramid of the Sun in Teotihuacan . That will be the next discovery . Today , mica is used as a heat shield in electronic and aerospace industries . It has the unique properties of being a good conductor of electricity as well as an insulator of heat , since it is able to resist temperatures upwards of 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit . We use mica today with high technology . So one has to wonder , why is there a mica chamber at Teotihuacan ? It 's very brittle , but it 's incredibly , incredibly heat resistant . Why was there any need for mica in the first place ? There seems to be a correlation , though , between mica , liquid mercury , and these orbs or spheres that all seem to point to some high technology usage . What did they know , how did they know it is anybody 's guess , but it just sounds like they needed these materials for something , and they used them . We have to wonder , are we looking at a technology ? We see components of it that don 't make sense just for a primitive culture . The pyramids and the various components could 've been part of a sophisticated system of technology . Ancient astronaut theorists propose that the mercury , mica , and gold-colored spheres may be somehow connected and serve as components of a larger device . They suggest that further evidence can be found at the site by examining the remnants of an ancient explosion . Teotihuacan . Along the Avenue of the Dead , multiple structures show evidence of a catastrophic fire that consumed portions of the temple complex . The damage has been attributed to an uprising at the end of the sixth century , just before the population entirely vanished without a trace . This structure , in particular , in spite of the many modern restorations ... According to archaeologist Leopoldo Batres , who surveyed the site in the late 19th century , the damage seemed too extensive to be attributed to simple torch flames , leading researchers to explore alternative explanations . Could the curious finds of mica and mercury at the site help corroborate the theory that the burn marks we see along the Avenue of the Dead are from some sort of mechanical explosion ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and they suggest that like the Great Pyramid at Giza and other sites throughout the globe , the structures at Teotihuacan may have once served as an electromagnetic power plant . Researchers proposed that the pyramids constructed around the world are , in fact , power plants . This is based on our new knowledge that they , in fact , are designed to tap the resonant power of the Earth and then to distribute it around the world . Teotihuacan matches precisely this model . It 's built over caverns , it had liquid mercury and mica incorporated into its design , and we know that the gods came and left from this place . So when we put all the pieces together , we 're looking at Teotihuacan as yet another example of the power plants of the gods . If it was a technological system that was generating a lot of energy , at some point , there could 've been a malfunction in it . If there was energy , the mica found at the site was supposed to shield it , and mercury ... Was also found at the site ... Seems to have been used . Perhaps we had some kind of accident there at some point in time . If Teotihuacan served as an ancient power plant , generating electromagnetic energy , just what role did the liquid mercury ... Recently discovered at the site ... Play in such a scenario ? There 's stories of mercury being used in spacecraft . And some of the ancient Indian epics talk about mercury as part of the vimanas and the mechanics of these craft . So here we have the idea that this mercury that 's being found at archeological sites is really part of the propulsion of some of the craft that the extraterrestrials were using here on Earth . Los Angeles , California . February , 2017 . Physicist James Lincoln has been experimenting with superconductors like mercury and the levitation effects produced in the presence of strong electromagnetic fields , such as those suspected of being generated by the ancient pyramid power plants . Author and researcher David Wilcock visited his laboratory to see how electromagnetism creates an environment that allows mercury to levitate . - Good to meet you . - Nice to meet you . Yes . The demonstration will utilize a conventional superconductor material in place of mercury due to its toxicity . What am I about to see here ? Now , one of the signatures of a superconductor is that once it reaches its critical temperature , as being it 's cold enough , it will actually levitate over a magnetic field . That is unbelievable . We can actually make it go around the track . This is the signature behavior of any superconductor in the presence of a magnetic field . It generates electricity flowing in loops inside of a superconductor . - That 's why it floats . - Wow . There 's not really an upper limit to how fast this thing can go . So there 's a flow of current in the disc as it 's going ? Yes . Once these electric currents are generated , it 's free and permanent and can last as long as you can keep it cold . Wow . Very , very cool . So if you had mercury here and got it really , really cold , th-this same type of effect would occur , or would we notice anything different ? We would be able to get the same effect if we managed to get this cold enough . Okay . - Mercury is also a superconductor . In fact , it was the first superconductor - ever discovered . - Okay . And this one can be anywhere , any orientation , whether I put it on forward or backwards or even upside down , it still works . And here we 're seeing it held perfectly in place , zipping along on its own . Now that is truly remarkable . This , to me , looks like a flying saucer . It does look a lot like a flying saucer . In fact , you can get it to avoid obstacles , like you would want from any hovering technology . So , here I 'm placing some little debris on the track , and let 's see if it , uh , can get over this , uh , pile of sticks . Sure . - No trouble . - No resistance . Yeah , so now you can imagine it flying over forests , if it was large enough , and if you managed to have enough magnetism on the surface for that to happen . Unbelievable . If this technology could be scaled up , could we have something that potentially people could be able to ride in as a craft ? Yeah . If you keep the superconductor cold . - Huh . - And you imagine it has to have a chamber of liquid nitrogen . - Right . And you have enough magnetism over a surface , then there 's no upper limit to how big this can be . So , if there were some way to make this a self-contained continuously cooling unit , theoretically at least , would it be able to keep doing what it 's doing right now indefinitely ? Well , yes . It will last , uh , as long as it stays cold . People have had superconductors lasting for years already with currents flowing in them . And there 's a lot of places that are cold enough that that would work . - For example , outer space . - Right . We 're seeing a very intriguing connection here . Teotihuacan may be a location in which exotic technology was used to create an electromagnetic field . And therefore , the area around the pyramid may have been an area in which levitation was much easier for a flying saucer that involved liquid mercury as a fuel . Teotihuacan may have been the Cape Canaveral of its day . Today most space facilities are built as close to the equator as possible to take advantage of the Earth 's rotation . And Teotihuacan is relatively near the equator , and so it would be an ideal spot as a spaceport for extraterrestrial vehicles to land and take off . Is it possible that Teotihuacan functioned as some sort of extraterrestrial spaceport , one capable of generating electromagnetic power to support interstellar craft fueled by liquid mercury ? Perhaps further evidence can be found by examining a planetary map encoded in the city 's layout . March , 2017 . Archaeologists continue to dig under the pyramid complex , in an attempt to answer the many mysteries of Teotihuacan . The discoveries of liquid mercury , walls lined with mica , and strange artifacts like the golden spheres point to the possibility that an advanced society once occupied this city . But some researchers suggest even greater clues can be found by examining the layout of the entire complex . Three of the major structures contained within Teotihuacan have been found to line up with the three belt stars of Orion , a connection that is also mirrored in the layout of the pyramids at the Giza Plateau in Egypt . And the positioning of the main thoroughfare , known as the Avenue of the Dead , is directed toward the Pleiades star cluster . But perhaps the most intriguing connection was proposed in the 1970s by American engineer Hugh Harleston Jr . In 1972 , Hugh Harleston undertook a study of the site . And he was trying to determine mathematically if he could break down or discover a standard unit of measure at Teotihuacan . The conclusion that Harleston came up with in all his measurements , he found consistent numbers . And he discovered that they reflected mathematical principles that involved units , intervals , and the spacing of the planets . He found the actual derivation of the solar system with the planets , their correct distances from one another , actually laid out in the spacings of the monuments at this complex . Harleston noted that the intervals between the major structures corresponded exactly to the distances between the various planets . There is a very clear rationale for the positioning of these artifacts , and it 's only once you get into their measurements that you start to see compelling proof that this is intended to be an accurate map of our solar system . Even the distance of the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter was correctly plotted by the diversion of the San Juan River through the site . Harleston believed that a man-made canal that was cut through Teotihuacan represented the asteroid belt , which was not something known to ancient people . Whoever built Teotihuacan , they had full knowledge of our solar system and knowledge that ancient people could not have had . Three and a half miles away , on top of the Cerro Gordo mountain range , Harleston also located the ruins of the Temple of Xóchitl , which fell directly in sight line of the Avenue of the Dead . Harleston believed that this temple was mathematically showing that there was a planet beyond Pluto , twice as far as Pluto , that was somehow orbiting around our solar system . Curiously , in 2016 , planetary scientists from the California Institute of Technology announced that they had found preliminary evidence of the existence of an unknown planet beyond Pluto . Would such a revelation give further credence to the idea that the inhabitants of Teotihuacan had intimate knowledge of our solar system , and that the site served as an ancient spaceport , one that might still be active today ? May 4 , 2015 . A tourist visiting the ancient pyramid complex of Teotihuacan takes a photograph featuring the Pyramid of the Sun . He thinks nothing of it until he later reviews the photo and notices two strange objects hovering over the pyramid . Upon closer examination , they appear to be silver disk-shaped craft . What 's strange about the two UFOs photographed above the Pyramid of the Sun at Teotihuacan is that only ten seconds later , a second photograph was taken and those two objects were gone . So , clearly , we 're not talking about Mylar balloons here . There 's nothing floating in the sky anymore . And if they would have been Mylar balloons , well , they don 't move that fast to just disappear . There has been a long history of UFO sightings and unusual events in Teotihuacan , particularly around the pyramids , which perhaps are somehow attracting UFOs and extraterrestrials . Is there more going on at Teotihuacan than archaeologists realize ? Could there be secrets about our extraterrestrial past left for us to discover at this ancient city ? At Teotihuacan , so far only ten percent has been excavated . That means there 's 90 % that remains to be dug up . How much more is there at the site ? We have no idea . But we have to ask , if we continue and press on , might we find the artifacts , the components that start to put the pieces together , and perhaps lead us to a much clearer concept of who these beings were that built this ? We don 't know what they will find in the future , but I suspect they 'll make some startling discoveries . There 's many things in our past that we just don 't understand , but it 's possible that the answers , or some of them , are at Teotihuacan . Is it possible that the ancient complex of Teotihuacan was an extraterrestrial spaceport ? Might it still hold the very fuel that was used to power alien craft ? Perhaps the secrets of Teotihuacan will ultimately be revealed in time for mankind 's alien ancestors to return . CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY A + E NETWORKS
