 ( suspenseful militaristic music ) ( airplane buzzing ) ( explosion booming ) ( suspenseful militaristic music ) Captain , I just spotted a platoon . They 've got an MG 42 nest right over the hill . Alright men , here 's the situation , Preacher I want you to take Simpson through the woods , come around , I want you to flank them from the rear . Richie , you 're with me . Right . Underwood I want you to find yourself a nice pretty spot , you cover us . Alright men let 's move out . Yes sir . ( birds chirping ) ( speaking in a foreign language ) ( guns firing ) ( shouting in a foreign language ) ( guns firing ) ( groaning ) ( guns firing ) ( shouting in a foreign language ) ( guns firing ) ( unnerving music ) - You boys alright ? - Yeah . ( guns firing ) ( growling ) ( guns firing ) [ Man ] He won 't go down . Underwood take him out ! ( guns firing ) ( unnerving music ) What the hell is that thing ? He took two head shots before he went down . ( unnerving music ) ( growling ) ( creepy atmospheric music ) ( gun firing ) ( creepy atmospheric music ) ( gun firing ) ( screaming ) ( guns firing ) ( creepy atmospheric music ) ( airplane buzzing ) ( gun firing ) ( creepy atmospheric music ) ( heavy breathing ) ( guns firing ) ( screaming ) ( creepy atmospheric music ) ( electricity sparking ) ( creepy atmospheric music ) ( guns firing ) ( creepy atmospheric music ) ( guns firing ) ( screaming ) ( creepy atmospheric music ) ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) I thought you said there were only three or four of them . That 's what Fredric told me . Dammit Simpson . They must have snuck in more last night . Armstrong change of plans . There 's gotta be about 10 Germans in that gun placement up there . I need those guys dead yesterday . Simpson , take Rueber ... ( explosion booming ) ( groaning ) Take Rueber and Underwood and see if you can enter from the side . Don 't let them see you . Armstrong you see here and get it from the front . Here you 're gonna need this . I 'm gonna take Reese and Jackson , we 're gonna hit them with some grenades . Nobody move until you start covering fire . Let 's go fellas . ( suspenseful music ) ( guns firing ) Get ready for some fun boys . Get those grenades ready , in your hand . ( suspenseful music ) ( guns firing ) What 's the word ? ( guns firing ) - Underwood . - Hang in there Underwood . Underwood . ( guns firing ) Pull my finger . Alright , it 's a passing fire . - Come on . - On me . Now ! ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) Showtime , move . ( suspenseful music ) ( guns firing ) ( screaming ) ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) ( screaming ) ( suspenseful music ) Reese ! ( explosion booming ) ( guns firing ) God dammit . ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) Captain ! ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) ( explosion booming ) ( suspenseful music ) ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) Cease fire , cease fire ! I think they 've had enough Simpson . Griff , Reese and Jackson go down , go check on ' em . [ Man ] Yes sir . Simpson , what the hell were you thinking ? I didn 't like the way that one was shooting at me . ( laughing ) Funny , jackass , check him for intel . ( somber music ) Lieutenant Schmidt reporting sir . Have a seat . I 've just been reviewing your after action report . According to you , you ran into something extraordinary on your patrol . No one else in your squad was able to confirm your report . I can 't force anyone else to come forward with the truth of what we saw . In your report you stated that you sent a Private Bagwell and a Private Stamper . " I had to assess the situation . " Yes sir . Why didn 't you take the entire squad ? It was a mistake sir . I 'm going to reassign you . You 'll report to a Captain Mitchell . Yes sir . That 'll be all . ( dramatic music ) [ Gary ] You must be Lieutenant Schmidt ? Sergeant . So , being dropped behind enemy lines ? That 's what I hear . Is it true if we make it back from this mission we 'll be reassigned to our old units ? That is affirmative , everybody 's record will be wiped clean . Just so you know not all of us are bad guys . Right , just a group of misfits . Well it can get tough here . Some of the fellas call it the gray bar unit . Meaning ? [ Gary ] Meaning a lot of these guys spent time behind gray bars . And you ? Great . Alright , think what you want . You haven 't met Captain Mitchell yet have you ? ( dramatic music ) ( airplanes droning ) Alright listen up men . We 're hitting a weapon 's facility near car trains . What kind of weapons facility ? I didn 't ask . Now we 're landing in occupied France . We 're gonna be behind enemy lines . We need to move fast , quick . When we get back no more time in the brig . ( artillery firing ) ( explosion booming ) What are the odds we even make it back ? One in a hundred . Grab your gear . ( engine sputtering ) [ Man ] Move , move , move . [ Mitchell ] Grab your stuff , we gotta bail . We 're hit , we gotta go , go , move it , move it , move it . ( suspenseful music ) Get into the tree line , go go go . ( laughing ) [ Man ] Move guys quick or your gonna get your ass shot off . Where is everybody ? The whole platoon 's probably scattered for miles . Once the planes got hit people just started jumping . Are we going to abort sir ? Hell no we 're gonna finish this mission . Yeah , I don 't want to go back to jail . [ Schmidt ] We don 't have the numbers . We 're gonna head out to our objective and pick up as many of my men along the way as we can . We don 't even know where we are . Well let 's figure out where we are then . - We 're here . - Nowhere near our drop zone . We could head back . Two miles southeast , get back on track over that bridge , we can go back northeast toward the line . There 's a sign back there that says Versailles . It 's Versailles . What ? That 's how the French pronounce it . Bullshit . He 's right , it 's Versailles . ( laughing ) Shut up all of you . College boy , think you know everything don 't you ? Once the bullets start flying you 're gonna wish you did a hell of a lot more running . Let 's move out , this ain 't a grammar lesson . Imbecile . Like I said stay out of Mitchell 's way and you 'll be fine . - Fine , thanks . - Let 's go . ( suspenseful music ) ( flies buzzing ) ( suspenseful music ) Hey I found someone ! What the hell 's this ? He 's burned . What happened here ? He must 've made it out of plane after us . Answer me , what happened here ? Got stuck in a tree . German patrol came . They pulled me down and then they started to beat me . I wouldn 't tell them what they wanted to know so they just kept beating . I had no idea what this was . A man was walking on all fours like a dog . There was this guy . He wasn 't even ranked in the German army . They were afraid of him . He left . That 's when things went wrong . ( unnerving music ) ( growling ) ( guns firing ) ( thumping ) ( gun firing ) ( slicing whooshing ) ( unnerving music ) ( grunting ) He got them all . Got them all one by one . So all there was left was me . ( unnerving music ) Do you have any idea how ridiculous that sounds ? Watch him . What do you think ? Section eight for sure . Do you have any other explanation for what did this ? Look I 've been hunting in Kentucky enough times to know that a mountain lion or a wolf can get pretty damn big . People exaggerate . And no way it happened the way he said , this guy 's crazy . Let 's get him up and get the hell out of here . Let 's go . Get up soldier we still have a mission . Can 't . Get up you coward . Look he 's in shock . He 's not gonna do us any good . Fine , leave him , take his ammo and let 's go . Gary give him your canteen . Head west if you can . ( suspenseful music ) [ Mitchell ] See anything ? Small graveyard . It 's pretty clear . What do you think ? I don 't like it . There could be an enemy squad in those trees or there could be no one for miles . Last intel report says we 're just outside the village . We cut across this clearing we 're gonna save ourselves hours . Gary get you ass up here now . Alright listen up , hey hey , ( whistling ) over here . You and college boy here follow these two to that point directly over there you got it ? Line up two by two fellas . ( suspenseful music ) Fall back , fall back ! ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) Covering fire ! ( guns firing ) [ Man ] Brick 's down ! ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) Try to flank them from the rear ! We 're cut off ! ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) Sergeant on me , move , go now ! ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) Grenade ! Do it now . ( suspenseful music ) ( explosions booming ) Go , fall back , go . ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) ( groaning ) ( guns firing ) ( explosions booming ) ( screaming ) ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) ( explosion booming ) ( guns firing ) ( explosion booming ) Over here . ( speaking in a foreign language ) I don 't get it why did they leave ? I don 't know , doesn 't make any sense at all . There 's a sign back there . I 'm gonna go check it out . What does it say ? Give me a second . Gary , forget it , we gotta get out of here now . We keep heading east . ( suspenseful music ) ( growling ) What was that ? ( suspenseful music ) ( growling ) What was that ? We don 't know . Let 's keep moving . ( suspenseful music ) ( growling ) What 's wrong ? I thought I saw someone . Hey , we gotta keep moving . ( suspenseful music ) We got two woman . Any sign of any men ? Husband , brother ? No , they look like they 're alone . Alright , we can hide out here for tonight . But the barn had the road in plain view it makes more sense for us ... We 're going in this house . Sir we don 't have to do this . We 're going in that house , and you 're the only one here who speaks French so unless you want me to kill them over some silly little misunderstanding , well I think you 'll go in there with us . Now let 's get this over with shall we ? Hell , it 's just one night . ( speaking in a foreign language ) ( laughing ) Get back ! ( shouting over each other ) Gary ask them if there 's anyone else here . ( speaking in a foreign language ) Ask them if there 's anyone else here . ( speaking in foreign language ) She says there 's no one else . She says there 's no one else ! - Dimm . - Yeah ? You go check the rest of the house . [ Dimm ] Right . If you 're lying , hey , I 'll kill you both . Everything 's going to be okay . ( sighing ) Ask them where the man in that picture is . ( speaking in a foreign language ) Don 't lie to me , I want to know where the man in that picture is right now . ( speaking in a foreign language ) She says it 's her brother . The Germans took him , he 's dead . Look you don 't have to do things this way . They hate the Germans just as much as we do . It 's all clear , now what ? ( smooching ) ( speaking in a foreign language ) ( suspenseful music ) Let 's figure out where we are . ( fingers snapping ) Alright we 're about seven miles from our objective . Due south . Yes we , if we leave by day break we should be able to get there by midday . Let 's just hope we can avoid any more patrols . You bet . Why don 't you go take the first watch huh ? You , go get some sleep will you ? I 'll wake you when it 's your turn . I 'm gonna take the first watch . You get some shut eye . ( unnerving music ) ( growling ) [ Gary ] Sergeant , what the hell are you doing ? Lay off him will you ? I think we 've earned a little fun . No stop ! Don 't do this . Since when did you grow a conscience , huh ? I 'm not asking you to do anything you 've never done before . Just get outside and look the other way . ( thumping ) You know you make it real hard for me to be a nice guy . Get in there . Come on . ( suspenseful music ) What happened to your head ? Captain Mitchell and I got into a disagreement . Did you see anything ? Nothing . It 's sort of eerie . There 's no life for miles . ( growling ) ( suspenseful music ) Things just keep getting better . What was that ? ( growling ) ( unnerving music ) A wolf . ( growling ) ( unnerving music ) ( growling ) ( unnerving music ) ( growling ) I got next watch , your turn for some fun . What 's the matter don 't you like girls ? ( somber music ) ( chattering ) I need you right in front of me . [ Man ] Don 't worry . - Alright ? - Yep . ( speaking in a foreign language ) She 's got a gun , wait wait wait . ( speaking in a foreign language ) - Mademoiselle ... - What are you doing ? Don 't ! Wait wait , whoa wait wait , tell her to , wait wait ... ( shouting over each other ) ( gun firing ) ( shouting ) ( suspenseful music ) What the hell did you just do ? Forget her . You just killed an innocent girl . No one is innocent . ( suspenseful music ) ( distant gun firing ) ( dramatic music ) ( distant gun firing ) ( dramatic music ) Was that part of the mission ? Excuse me ? You know killing that girl ? What 's your problem Lieutenant ? No problem sir . I 'm just trying to figure out what the hell happened back there . Simple . She tried to kill me . I was protecting myself . Right , and why was she trying to kill you ? What did you do to her ? I don 't have to tell you anything . You shouldn 't have done it . - Shut your hole . - What did you do ? She had a good time . When we get back ... Oh you really think you 're gonna make it back huh ? When we get back you 're gonna pay . ( laughing ) Let 's keep moving huh ? ( dramatic music ) I saw my father , just for a second and I ran right up to him and just blasted him as hard as I could in the face . Man did he fall . I preceded to just beat the hell out of him . Probably could have killed him . That 's why I went to jail . Hey Schmidt , do you want to know what I did ? ( somber music ) A young man picked a real bad day to get on my nerves . We got to fighting , I got to pistol whipping him and it went off . Wasn 't my fault , but they put me away and threw away the key . Hell the way I see it I did my men a favor . If things hadn 't happened the way they did that goofy son of a bitch would 've been responsible for a lot more deaths than his own I can guarantee you that . Especially him being a Lieutenant and all . Sergeant Gary , so you served in North Africa ? Yeah . What was it like ? Hot and miserable . Did you see a lot of action ? Some . [ Man ] North Africa sounds like a breeze compared to the Pacific . Okay it wasn 't a vacation , men died there , good men died there . Not just from Italians or Germans , people died of thirst , they dropped off of starvation , they got lost in the sand . Lost huh ? You know your Sergeant used to be a Lieutenant ? Went AWOL , tried to get out on a section eight . Is that why they put you in this unit ? Do you want to hear the whole story ? I was in the 509th . There was a drop over Oran , part of Operation Torch . ( screaming ) ( growling ) Oh Jesus . ( screaming ) Come on , let 's move out . ( suspenseful music ) I suppose you think that 's just another wolf from Kentucky . I thought they only eat birds and not us . Well it wasn 't . We gotta find some water fast . [ Man ] Why ? 'Cause I think I know why it 's after us . ( suspenseful music ) ( growling ) ( suspenseful music ) ( growling ) ( clinking ) ( growling ) ( screaming ) What are you doing ? It 's the blood , if we wash it off ... No there 's no time for that we gotta go . Where 's your rifle ? - Where 's yours ? - It 's back there . ( suspenseful music ) I 'm empty . I have these . ( growling ) Schmidt ! Schmidt shoot him ! ( growling ) ( tearing ) ( screaming ) Schmidt . ( Screaming ) ( gun firing ) Gary are you okay ? ( suspenseful music ) ( howling ) ( growling ) Lieutenant Schmidt reporting sir . You seem to have a penchant for reporting the unusual . If you want to ridicule me sir I feel I 've had enough . No one believes me so ... Son , son . No one believed you then , but in the weeks since the Office of of Strategic Services has compiled a list of similar reports . Reports that are hard to explain , and now with this new report from you and that of Sergeant Gary along with his , condition . Yes sir . We have a problem , a big problem . Problem sir ? We 've intercepted a communique en route to Berlin . Hitler is feeling the pressure of the Allied advance . We 've learned that he has scientists working on secret weapons projects . I don 't understand sir . As you know we 've launched operations to counter or retrieve intel on these secret weapons projects like the last one you were on with Captain Mitchell . Did anything come from the other missions ? They have elements in common with your reports and something else , a German by the name of Schaltur . We think he 's the key , but we don 't know if he 's being forced to do this or if he 's loyal to the Third Reich , but we want him . I don 't understand this sounds like a job for the OSS where do I come in ? You may have encountered some of these weapons , and that contact gives unique perspective on these matters . You 're being reassigned Schmidt . You and Sergeant Gary . Permission to speak freely sir . Go ahead . I just don 't think I 'm the right man for the job . I keep losing men and ... Listen son you 've encountered these things up close and you 're still alive , you know what these things are capable of first hand . But sir I just don 't think that ... Look , how many more men do you think we 'll lose if these things aren 't stopped ? Remember Bagwell ? Stamper ? This could be the turning point of the war . Son we need you on this . ( dramatic music ) What 's my objective ? No no you can 't stand there and tell me that the 42 Indians was a good team , they didn 't have nobody . Nobody ? ( Laughing ) What you call Jimmy Grant nobody ? Or Buddy Rosar , Mickey Rucko huh ? What Hank Edwards a nobody ? - Never heard of them . - Yeah . Sarge why don 't you just go ahead and root for a real team ? Like the Yankees . Babe Ruth number ( speaking in a foreign language ) Shut up . Even the krauts have heard of the New York Yankees . ( laughing ) [ Man ] Excuse me sir we 're looking for Captain Russo . I 'm Captain Russo . [ Man ] Sir I 'm here to escort you back to headquarters . What is it ? [ Man ] Beats me sir , all I know is I 'm to take you to Colonel Parks . Alright . Think you guys could meet me there Armstrong ? In the back Private . Captain Russo to see Colonel Parks . - He 's right inside sir . - Thank you Private . Russo good . You wanted to see me Colonel Parks ? Russo you remember Lieutenant Schmidt , OSS . OSS ? Last I heard is that you were shipped home . Colonel Parks are you sure you got the right guy ? Russo . Yes sir ? It seems Lieutenant is questioning my choice of personnel . Yes sir . Is that what 's going on Lieutenant ? - No sir . - Good . Then let 's get down to business . Russo , you remember the night of the landing ? ( explosions booming ) ( guns firing ) ( airplane buzzing ) - Thunder . - Flash . Schmidt . [ Schmidt ] Lieutenant . Is this all that 's left of your squad ? That 's all I could find . Where 's Captain Davis ? He didn 't make it . So that means you 're in charge now ? Yeah , yeah . ( laughing ) Okay , let 's move out . ( suspenseful music ) Simpson how about a smoke ? ( suspenseful music ) Well Lieutenant don 't you think we should check it out ? Yeah . Stamper , Bagwell . Alright you two , go and check out the situation , report back to me . Alright go . Why 's he only sending two ? ( unnerving music ) ( grunting ) - Get on the ground . - Stop ! ( growling ) Help , help ! ( grunting ) [ Man ] What the ? [ Man ] Open fire ! ( gun firing ) ( growling ) I 'm shooting him , but he doesn 't seem to notice . ( gun firing ) ( screaming ) ( growling ) ( thumping ) Man down ! ( growling ) ( thumping ) ( guns firing ) Simpson , check to see if anyone 's still alive . ( groaning ) Schmidt 's alive . Great . Armstrong help Simpson get Schmidt back to CP . ( groaning ) ( growling ) ( gun firing ) Russo , remember the night of the landing ? Yeah , how 's the arm ? That guy that we shot . The guy that I shot ? That thing , was just the beginning . Now we 're on the trail of a Dr. Heinrich Schaltur . And he has something to do with the German we saw that night ? That 's what we need to find out . We believe the doctor 's in an area east of Metz . Behind enemy lines . That 's where we believe a project called Osiris is located . You 're to escort Lieutenant Schmidt to the target , capture our good doctor . And Russo ... Yes sir ? You can only take four of your men . Well sir that 's all of my men . I lost Reese , Jackson and Griff . All good men . Damn right . So your four men , myself and one more . You mean three or four more ? No , just one . ( suspenseful music ) You Sergeant Gary ? Depends on who 's asking . Rueber and Underwood . Underwood . We 're wondering why we have two NCO 's now . You 're Russo 's men . Yeah I was just shipped in last ... What he 's trying to say is we 're the last of Captain Russo 's men . We already have a sergeant , so why do we have you ? I see . Well fellas this is one of those need to know missions and you don 't need to know yet . Is that him ? Yeah that 's him . Special skills huh ? Doesn 't look that special to me . Look I know you outrank me but we need to work together on this . Don 't worry Lieutenant I know who 's in charge of this operation . Captain what 's the story ? Lieutenant Schmidt we heard you were dead . And we were all envious . Simpson , Armstrong . Lieutenant Schmidt 's gonna be with us for a few days boys . Where are we going sir ? I hear Underwood speaks German . [ Man ] That 's what he says . Good we move out in an hour . Oh son of a bitch . Yeah . ( dramatic music ) You see people under estimated Jimmy Grant , he was a great hitter , always consistent . He was with the Indians Sarge . You can 't tell me the Cleveland Indians is a better team than the New York Yankees . You know this argument never gets old . No sir . Gentlemen let 's hold up here for a few minutes , take a break . Smoke them if you got them . Say Simpson can I have a cigarette ? Sorry sir , it 's for show . ( suspenseful music ) So one captain , two sergeants , this must be important . Not more important than any other mission . Come on Sarge what are we doing out here ? Well we 're following orders by finding the target , collecting intel , honor , glory , same old stuff . What about you Lieutenant Schmidt ? You 're with intelligence . What are we doing out here ? Well Corporal this is a need to know situation . And you don 't need to know . See Rueber I told you so . Well the target should be just over that ridge . So what I was thinking ... ( shouting in a foreign language ) Underwood what 's he saying ? " Help me , monster , monster . " ( shouting in a foreign language ) - What did he say ? - " Monster , monster " I think . He 's getting closer . ( shouting in a foreign language ) [ Russo ] Stay back . Halt . ( speaking in a foreign language ) He 's crazy . I don 't know he keeps saying some kind of monster . ( speaking in a foreign language ) ( growling ) ( arm snapping ) ( screaming ) ( thumping ) ( gun firing ) ( guns firing ) Aim for the head ! ( gun firing ) [ Man ] That 's gotta be the biggest Nazi I 've ever seen . Look at his eyes . Look familiar ? There 's an old abandoned church nearby . I think we should up in there until the morning . Let 's move out gentlemen . ( suspenseful music ) Sir . Sir we 've checked it out , it 's secure enough , we can stay here . Good , good . Alright I 'm gonna take Underwood with me . The target is about two miles due east . Alright stay here and get some rest . I 'd like to go with you if that 's alright ? Alright Lieutenant . You stay here and get camp setup , Underwood 's off the hook . - Yes sir . - Let 's go . ( spooky music ) These are the coordinates exactly . What do you see ? [ Russo ] I got an old factory . Looks like the bombers have already hit it . Let me take a look . Look again . Building closest to us , northwest corner . Ah , I see one . Now two soldiers . Got two soldiers walking the perimeter . There 's something going on here . This must be the place . That is a high probability Captain . Russo , something 's sticking at me and I gotta get it off my chest . Speak up Lieutenant . That night , the night we saw that thing . What about it ? Look I read your report . You made no mention of that super soldier , why ? Come on Jack , you were there , you saw what I saw . I didn 't think anyone would believe us and I wasn 't about to get pulled out of combat to answer a bunch of dumb ass questions from the company shrink . Listen I took a lot of heat for that report . I can 't help feeling like you left me twisting in the wind . If you 're looking for an apology you 're not gonna get it . ( dramatic music ) Jack I 've learned one thing out here . It 's that you make a lot of unpopular decisions , it 's the first of 500 , at least that one didn 't get anybody killed . ( dramatic music ) I 'm gonna complete my mission Joe , no matter what the cost . Let 's go , we 'll come back at dawn . Yeah . I 'd like to get a good night 's rest before I die . You got it . ( dramatic music ) What 's the situation sir ? The target is sitting in a group of bombed out buildings . We saw two krauts walking the perimeter but I 'd venture a guess there 's at least six to 12 Germans hidden in there somewhere . Underwood , you get your rest tonight , we need you sharp tomorrow . Yes sir . You too Armstrong , hit it . ( dramatic music ) Is that your girl ? Sophia . Cute . What 's a good looking girl doing with a dog face like you ? Lucky I guess . Every night before I get some shuteye I like to stare into her eyes . What do you see ? Hope . Everybody needs hope underpants . Captain Russo could use some help in that department . What do you mean ? Well , I 've been with the captain since the landing , Armstrong too , we 're the two guys left on his squad . Well besides Lieutenant Schmidt . The day of the landing the krauts were laying into us . When the ramp went down half the men were just , well it wasn 't pretty . I made it over the side , got up to the shore somehow . I don 't even remember . I look over and all the men are just dropping , and I see the captain , he was a lieutenant then . He was standing there holding a picture of his wife and kids . I must have seen that picture a thousand times , buried it right there in the sand . I mean bullets are flying all over the place and the captain 's acting like nothing 's going on . We all changed that day Underwood , but the captain he lost hope . Does he think he 's gonna die ? Yeah well we 're all gonna die kid . Trick is not to lose hope before you do . ( dramatic music ) So this kid you brought to the party , Gary , seems pretty ordinary to me . What 's his story ? Listen , if I told you you wouldn 't believe me . Tell him . Excuse me Sergeant ? Go ahead , tell him , tell everybody . Sergeant Gary here is what you call a , a lycanthrope . What most people refer to as a werewolf . What a load of crap . Come on Schmidt . Look , I didn 't ask to be this way and I don 't like being this way , but when things go down , when I change ... What ? ( dramatic music ) I don 't expect you to believe me now , sounds crazy . But seeing is believing , and you 'll see . When you do just be glad you 're not a kraut . ( dramatic music ) Good thing I brought an extra razor . ( unnerving music ) Little early for the sauce isn 't it ? Yeah well , trying to cut down . Liquid courage right ? You got that right . Simpson ! Nothing , he ain 't here but I did find his uniform . Where the hell is Gary ? ( goofy music ) [ Gary ] What the hell are you looking at ? Apparently nothing . Alright gentlemen as soon as Gary is ready we can get out of here . ( imitating howling ) Got a light Schmidt ? ( suspenseful music ) Underwood . I need you to take a position where you can take those two Germans out with the machine gun . Yes sir . Underwood , see clear and shoot straight . Yes sir . ( suspenseful music ) Doesn 't look good , there 's gotta be krauts everywhere . There 's at least two walking the perimeter . There 's gotta be more around the back . I know , I know , listen , when Underwood takes out those two Germans we 're gonna move in fast alright ? Gentlemen , stay sharp . ( suspenseful music ) Come on show me something . ( suspenseful music ) Come on , come on . Thank you . ( gun firing ) Move out . ( gun firing ) ( suspenseful music ) ( gun firing ) - Take cover ! - Cover ! ( guns firing ) Rueber grenade that window . You got it . Covering fire , now , cover . ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) [ Rueber ] Eat it . ( explosion booming ) ( suspenseful music ) ( guns firing ) Armstrong , Armstrong ! ( guns firing ) I don 't know where Armstrong is . ( guns firing ) Where the hell is Armstrong ? ( guns firing ) I don 't see him . ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) Armstrong . [ Armstrong ] I think I got them . You got some good men Russo . Damn right . ( growling ) Damn I think there 's one more left . Your observational skills never cease to amaze me Sergeant . ( unnerving music ) ( growling ) ( guns firing ) Not another one . ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) Sure does stink doesn 't he ? One things for sure they 're making them a lot uglier . Jesus he 's still twitching . Take a good look fellas . We 're about to go find daddy . ( suspenseful music ) Care to lead the way Lieutenant ? Of course . ( dramatic music ) So , if it gets harry in there , you 're gonna get , hairy ? You better hope so . ( dramatic music ) [ Simpson ] Do not like the look of this . Ah shut it Simpson . ( dramatic music ) - Alright let 's split up . - Yeah . Simpson , Armstrong . Gary you 're with me . Schmidt , if you find anything you can 't explain don 't touch it . ( dramatic music ) ( spooky music ) Yeah I see it . There 's a light coming from that room . Do you think we ought to go in ? ( spooky music ) Clear up . - Clear down . - Clear to the left . Clear . Alright check the rest of the room . ( spooky music ) ( flies buzzing ) ( spooky music ) Jackpot . ( sniffing ) ( groaning ) I think I see something . ( suspenseful music ) Hey . ( coughing ) Are you alright ? I said are you alright ? You alright Underwood ? He 's alright . Just a dead body . Well whatever these things are they don 't discriminate . Lucky us . ( spooky music ) Over there guys . Are you Dr. Heinrich Schaltur ? Speak English ? Yeah , yeah . My family . My wife , my little boy . They said if I did not make the formula in time they would kill them , one by one . Formula ? ( coughing ) I gave them soldiers , that were impervious to bullets , no pain , ubersoldat . That explains Fritz and Frack . There are two prototypes , they had abnormal strength and stamina . Is that what did this ? Is that what did this ? ( suspenseful music ) They wanted stronger soldiers . So I made another test on the formula . It must 've been too strong . Where is it ? ( gun cocking ) ( suspenseful music ) Jesus Christ . Anybody got any clean underwear ? ( coughing ) Go get Russo and his men over here now . We 'll set the explosives on a timer and get the doc out of here . Doctor ? ( coughing ) ( suspenseful music ) Doctor are you alright ? ( growling ) ( banging ) ( groaning ) Captain , Captain . We found the doctor . Good , good . ( suspenseful music ) Do I smell that ? ( suspenseful music ) Yeah . ( growling ) ( thumping ) Fire ! ( guns firing ) ( shouting ) ( thumping ) ( groaning ) ( suspenseful music ) ( guns firing ) ( suspenseful music ) Get him , get him now ! ( suspenseful music ) Schmidt what the hell are you doing ? We have men in there . The formula , the doctor said that this was the formula . What formula ? You 've seen what that thing can do . There 's no way a human can beat that . ( suspenseful music ) This is my job Schmidt . ( suspenseful music ) ( howling ) ( thumping ) ( suspenseful music ) ( coughing ) ( suspenseful music ) ( thumping ) ( suspenseful music ) ( slicing whooshing ) ( suspenseful music ) ( growling ) ( shouting ) ( growling ) ( neck snapping ) ( thudding ) ( suspenseful music ) ( shouting ) ( groaning ) ( shouting ) ( suspenseful music ) Captain ? ( grunting ) ( coughing ) ( dramatic music ) Underwood you have to kill me , now . Sir I can 't , I can 't do it . I 'm giving you an order private . Fire that weapon ! I can 't , I can 't do it . Do it Underwood . ( groaning ) I don 't know how long this is gonna stay down . You might not have another chance . God dammit I don 't believe this shit . Do it Underwood . - Shoot ! - Why Captain ... - Shoot ! - Why did you do it ? Fire that weapon ! Shoot him Private , shoot him . I can 't sir , don 't make me do it . I 'm giving you an order Private , fire that weapon ! Just damn pull the trigger Underwood . - Shoot ! - Please Captain . - Please , I can 't . - Shoot him , shoot him now . Do it now ! Pull the trigger , shoot him ! - Now ! - Do it now , pull the trigger ! - Now ! - I can 't . - Come on ! - Now ! ( gun firing ) Take the bodies outside and get the dog tags . ( dramatic music ) You did what you had to do . Yeah I know . ( dramatic music ) - Good job Underwood . - Thank you sir . ( dramatic music ) You did well Schmidt . We lost some good men sir . There 's always sacrifices in war . I know sir . The files you recovered have been reviewed and we 've got new intel coming in . Lieutenant I hate to do this , but I 'm gonna have to send you back in . There 's more of those things , we 're seeing reports right here . ( dramatic music ) ( spooky music ) ( militaristic music ) ( spooky music ) ( dramatic music )
