 What I think is cool is that we 're watching all this stuff that 's happening here on the screen , but we 're looking at Dr. Chopra right now . He sits there perfectly still , motionless , but look at all the activity . Very , very conscious control of his brain activity and all this inner world that he can activate , or not . In many spiritual traditions in the East , they say there are three states of consciousness that we all go through every day : our sleep , dreams and waking . But then there 's a state of consciousness that 's called " cosmic consciousness , " which is beyond the physical world , and basically a record of the entire history of the universe . Although completely invisible to the naked eye , a virtual universe of electromagnetic waves permeates our entire world . And this vast network of impulses carries within it information and data that we have come to depend on in our digital age . It is the backbone of what is otherwise referred to as the cloud , which remotely stores billions of gigabytes of data . When we think about the cloud , what we 're really talking about is data transfer , information transfer . You 're sending bits of information through the air , wirelessly , up to satellites , down to servers , back again , into your computer , into your phone , and there 's close to seven billion people using cloud computing now . So you can imagine that pretty much anywhere on the planet that has Internet access , you 're going to find these hidden , sort of , secret patterns and codes that are floating around us . According to historians , the concept of an intergalactic computer network was first proposed by scientist J.C.R Licklider in the 1960s . However , ancient astronaut theorists suggest that the idea may actually trace all the way back to our ancient past . Korva Island . Raichur , India . Religious pilgrims seeking enlightened wisdom travel here to a temple dedicated to the celestial sage Narada . According to the Hindu scriptures , Narada had the supernatural ability to gain access to a hidden domain that most humans are completely unaware of : the realm of cosmic knowledge . Tales about Narada appear in the Mahabharata , in the Ramayana , in the Puranas . Tradition has it that Narada transcended consciousness to gather his stories and give teachings of great wisdom . The Narada is called Narada Rishi . Rishis are like sages in Western concept . So they have gained this ability to be able to tap into the knowledge , access that knowledge directly from the cosmos . Narada is interesting , specifically that he clearly had access to an essential knowledge that is at the fabric of the divine cosmic order . This idea of an otherworldly repository of cosmic information is most commonly referred to today as the " Akashic record . " The term was coined in 1883 by author Alfred Percy Sinnett , in his book Esoteric Buddhism . In it , he describes how , according to Eastern philosophy , universal records physically exist in the ever-pervasive realm known as the " Akasha , " which can be accessed by enlightened individuals . " Akasha " is a Sanskrit word ; it means sky . So Akashic records can be considered as cosmic knowledge . So it is belonging to the cosmos . Everything written in the sky . It 's not belonging to human beings . You simply cannot go and bring it in its tangible form . It 's something that can be accessed through your mind , through your brainpower , through your spiritual wavelength . The Akashic Field , it 's the immeasurable potential of all that was , is , and will ever be . It 's completely non-local . " Non-local " means there is no experience of space or time . This is the level of entanglement , where everything in the universe is inseparably correlated with everything else in the universe . I have always called the universe " the wireless network , " where information is just out there and stored from all our minds and memories , from every creature living in this universe . This bank of knowledge has been with us since the formation of the universe . The idea of the Akashic record , it 's where inventions come from , it 's where art comes from , it 's where science comes from . You can call it whatever you want . It 's something that 's in the substrate , right ? It 's something that you could access and , sort of , find information that 's been hidden . Not even hidden . I mean , it 's available to us all the time . It 's just that certain people who tune into it can unlock it . This Akashic record may be something that every biological entity in the universe can gain access to . I believe it 's something that even extraterrestrials would tap into . Throughout history , countless prophets and visionaries have alluded to accessing such a realm . And spiritual practitioners the world over claim that , through deep prayer and meditation , an individual may be granted glimpses into this divine domain . There seemed to be a common way to tap into all of this information that all these prophets were following . The first thing was to quiet your mind , and this is the time where your brain waves start to tap into higher-dimensional realities . When we say " deep meditation , " we mean going into that state of awareness . That 's called " cosmic consciousness . " What you 're accessing is the non-local aspects of consciousness , which are connected to past , present , future , in a sense . If a cosmic realm of information truly exists , could there really be a way for humans to access it ? Perhaps further clues can be found by testing what 's happening in the brain under deep meditation . Los Angeles , California . March , 2017 . Dr. Nardi ? - Oh , yes . - I 'm Giorgio . Editor and researcher Giorgio Tsoukalos meets with neuroscientist Dr. Dario Nardi , who has extensively studied neurological effects on the human brain during deep meditation . Dr. Chopra , I 'm Giorgio . Great pleasure to meet you . Nice to meet you . - And are you ready ? - Always ready . World-renowned physician , author and guided meditation expert Dr. Deepak Chopra has agreed to allow Dr. Dario Nardi ... We 're just going to step outside the room . To utilize advanced brain-mapping software to observe real-time changes in his brain as he enters a state of deep mediation . Okay , Dr. Chopra , we 're going to get a baseline . Okay , so we 're taking a look at the brain now before his meditation . So each of the sensors corresponds roughly to a particular brain region and anatomical areas of the brain . We see activity more towards the front of the brain . What do these different colors mean ? - So when we see that red and orange and even yellow , that 's much more active , and when we see the dark blue and the black here , then the brain has gotten very quiet . Okay . - And each one of these views here indicates a different wave band . And you 're expecting to see something different once he goes into deep meditation . Yes , absolutely . Okay , Dr. Chopra , when you 're ready . Okay , so he 's going into his meditative process right now , and we can see the brain activity swiftly dropping and becoming much darker . Mm-hmm . Yeah , there we go . Beautiful . Okay , so we 're seeing here a region that doesn 't get used very often , certainly not by itself , down in the corner here . So this is in areas of the brain in the back , the visual cortex , and where we 're seeing that the brain is really disengaging from everyday life and going into this special state , this altered state , and to really connect with something beyond ourselves . Is that something that only a person that 's been trained in meditation for a long time can activate ? It 's not a region of the brain that people normally activate upon command . Amazing . What I think is cool is that we 're watching all this stuff that 's happening here on the screen , but we 're looking at Dr. Chopra right now . He sits there perfectly still , motionless , but look at all the activity . Very , very conscious control of his brain activity and all this inner world that he can activate or not . In many spiritual traditions in the East , they say the three states of consciousness that we all go through every day are sleep , dreams and waking . But then , there 's a state of consciousness that 's called cosmic consciousness , which is beyond the physical world and basically a record of the entire history of the universe . Is it possible that humans have the ability to access information beyond that which has been accumulated through their own experiences ? Theoretical scientists propose that they have found evidence that there truly is a vast field of information present in the cosmos . But if so , just what is it that we are tapping into ? Tuscany , Italy , 2004 . After years of studying the nature of electromagnetic and gravitational fields , celebrated futurist and Nobel Prize nominee Dr. Ervin Laszlo announces that he has found evidence of the " A " or Akashic Field . Dr. Laszlo took work from the discovery of the quantum zero-point energy , which is a radiation field that exists all around us that we can 't perceive , but we can detect it indirectly . It 's very solid theoretically . It was first discovered by Einstein . So , we know that the zero-point energy exists and it carries a lot of information about the universe in it . Laszlo proposed that this didn 't carry just a physical information about the physics of the universe , but also it contained intellectual information . According to theoretical physicists , zero-point energy is an all-pervasive sea of quantum energy waves that is invisible , but exists throughout the universe . The fabric of space itself is made of energy and information . And the way this information propagates through the universe is through waves . We call that quantum waves . And so , the Akashic Field is made of quantum waves that are common to all intelligent life . This means that all human brains , extraterrestrial brains , any sort of otherworldly beings also are tapping into similar quantum waves . This idea of an intelligent informational field that we can access with our consciousness is not pseudoscience . It 's not superstition . It is a basic fact that our scientists are finding out is really true . Nearly two decades prior to Lazlo 's discovery , Nobel Prize-winning physicist Richard Feynman published his groundbreaking work in quantum physics , The Strange Theory of Light and Matter . In it , he explored the idea that electrons in our brains can be activated and informed by quantum waves , affecting our thoughts and subconscious . So , Richard Feynman talked about the quantum entanglement theory , and the idea that you could have subatomic particles at any distance whatsoever and they could affect each other , where information can be sent , uh , at great speeds , uh , instantaneously , actually . The human brain is full of electrical activity . That creates radiation that a very sensitive radio receiver could pick up . And other minds , other places would also be able to send such waves . Feynman found from the idea of a quantum field of information an electron moving in our brains could be receiving radio signals from the past . But to compensate , it must also receive waves from the future . Now , this means that every electron in our brains is actually a receiver . Information could traverse to any part of the universe instantaneously . This could mean that intelligent civilizations could send complex information to us by quantum wave propagation or other means . They could very much be nudging society along through people having apparent visions , which could be nothing more complex than a radio broadcast , some sort of thought transference through the Akashic record . Could the Akashic Field be similar to our modern invention of the cloud , but hold an infinitely larger field of information , one through which the user can gain not just insight , but even foresight into future events ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest further clues can be found by investigating the story of a blind , Bulgarian peasant and her incredibly accurate prophecies . Novo Selo , Bulgaria . 1923 . A 12-year old peasant girl , Vangelia , is playing with her cousins in a field when she gets caught up in a freak storm . She was carried off into the air by tornado . And-and they found her motionless body in a field . And strangely , her eyes were completely caked with sand and dust , and she said that she couldn 't open them without excruciating pain . And what then began was a decline in her ability to see . After the accident , Vangelia developed a striking ability to predict the future and began making accurate revelations for the local population . By the 1980s , the blind prophet , who adopted the name Baba Vanga , had given thousands of accurate predictions and gained a reputation as the Nostradamus of the Balkans . Baba Vanga said that she could see in her mind 's eye . And when she would look at a person , she said that she could see their whole life in its totality , complete , from birth , through their life , until death , as if she were watching a movie . She was the study of many Bulgarian and Soviet scientists , who scientifically started testing her and interviewing her and the people that she read . And they have found that it is an 80 % accuracy . Her predictions were actually very accurate , which tells us that the ability to retrieve information beyond this Earth plane has nothing to do with our five senses . In fact , when she became blind , it is as if her other senses developed to receive messages and information about the future . Among her numerous claims were predictions relating to world events , many which would later come true . New York City . September 11 , 2001 . Two planes hijacked by members of a terrorist group called Al-Qaeda crashed into the World Trade Center , taking the lives of nearly 3,000 innocent civilians . Sumatra , Indonesia . December 26 , 2004 . A 9.1 magnitude earthquake off the coast of the island creates a devastating tsunami , completely engulfing over 3,000 miles of land and claiming the lives of over 230,000 people . Washington , D.C. January 20 , 2009 . I , Barack Hussein Obama , do solemnly swear ... Barack Obama , an African-American senator from Illinois , is sworn into office as the 44th President of the United States . Congratulations , Mr. President . We must remember , these amazing things are coming from someone who was born a peasant , who has not read books , had a slight , maybe functional literacy with braille . But she essentially has no access to televisions , no access to movies . This is coming out of her interiority . Baba Vanga proclaimed her prophetic abilities not only allowed her to tap into an unknown realm of information , but it also put her in contact with extraterrestrials . Baba Vanga talked about these extraterrestrials that are invisible , or more like they are presences like clear reflections of water shimmering . And they shared with her many secrets , which she says are locked inside the scriptures of many religions . You have to wonder with her where she was getting this information . Is it possible she was able to access some kind of knowledge that 's out there that normal people cannot access ? Throughout the centuries , there have been oracles and prophets that have claimed contact with otherworldly realms as a source of their inspiration . This includes prolific seers like Michel de Nostredame , better known as Nostradamus , who published his seminal book , The Prophesies , in 1555 A.D. Biographers claim that he predicted numerous future events , including the Great London Fire of 1666 , the rise of Adolf Hitler , and even the Iranian revolution of 1979 . - Nostradamus has been often shown as a man looking at bowls of water . He did do that , but that was very minor . His main use was tapping into the divine source . Nostradamus tries , in his labored narratives , to explain a divine state where everything is happening , not in a linear sense but all happening at once ... Past , present and future concepts bind into one thing . Most prophets say that they are tapping into another reality beyond this earthly existence . So , potentially , they could be tapping into a layer of reality that is shared by otherworldly beings , extraterrestrial intelligence , and so on and so forth . It may be the information is there , it 's that our brains are not evolved yet to see the information . So there have been mystics and there have been prophets and there have been philosophers who are able , through either meditation or observation or whatever their medium is , to get to that place of information , and have been able to access something deeper , something greater , a bigger picture . If seers like Baba Vanga , Nostradamus and others are able to access an unseen cloud of information to obtain their prophesies , might this realm have also been tapped by some of history 's most brilliant minds ? Perhaps further clues can be found by examining the shocking statements made by one of the greatest visionaries of the 20th century , Nikola Tesla . New York City . 1922 . Two Columbia University sociologists , William Ogburn and Dorothy Thomas , publish a paper in the Academy of Political Science Journal entitled " Are Inventions Inevitable ? " In it , they cite 148 instances of simultaneous inventions where two or more individuals , each operating without knowledge of the others ' work , came up with the same groundbreaking innovation or theory at the same time . How is it that people in different continents , different cultures can come up with the same idea at almost exactly the same time ? And it 's seen throughout history . Albert Einstein says that he came up with the idea for relativity in a few moments . It suddenly came into his mind . Einstein 's discovery of relativity was preceded , almost simultaneously , by a theoretical physicist , a Frenchman named Poincaré . You have the radio being developed by both Nikola Tesla and Guglielmo Marconi at the same time . You have the telephone , also being developed at the same time . There 's many incidences in history like this . During World War II , British engineer Sir Frank Whittle and a German physicist , Hans von Ohain , both invented the first jet engine . The designs were strikingly similar , and because they were serving on different sides of the war , neither had any knowledge of the other 's work . More recently , a revolutionary discovery was made by two scientists independent of each other . In fact , they were thousands of miles apart . And they came up with the same discovery that neutrinos have mass . And one has to wonder if this can be attributed to coincidence or if both scientists tapped into what is known as the Akashic record . There have been discoveries that have shown up around the planet at the exact same time . People that aren 't connected , people that have no influence upon each other , and those are the things that start to emerge simultaneously around the planet . Here 's the interesting thing . This goes back to the idea that we find information in the substrate of the physical world . It may just be that every single discovery that we ever wanted to discover is already in the room right now . It isn 't that the information is not there , it 's that our brains are not evolved yet to see the information . Now , not everybody is on the same wavelength . Not everybody 's evolved at the same rate ; that 's also true . So there are people throughout history that could access that information . This effect has been documented all the way back to the time of the Renaissance and the Reformation ... Things like the discovery of the telescope , the identification of the colors in the rainbow , the identification of basic chemistry , the theory of evolution . Scientists try to explain it . And they think people have a certain level of technology at a certain time , and they have the tools in front of them to be able to make breakthroughs . That doesn 't explain why it happens so precisely , that in many cases it is literally simultaneous . We have to look at the possibility that extraterrestrials could be introducing ideas into this information field . It 's sort of as if something has been uploaded into the cloud . Curious statements made by one of history 's greatest visionaries , Nikola Tesla , seem to point to some sort of influence from an otherworldly realm of information . Tesla was most notably responsible for the practical application of alternating current , the foundation of our modern electrical grid . In his autobiography , Tesla , he talked about the day that he had the revelation of how to harness alternating current . Right before that , he had a serious flu , but he said that he felt that he could detect light from his forehead and that he was able to receive information from other sources , and that this other source entered his consciousness and he was then enabled to come up with this invention which changed the world . Tesla felt that we were receivers , that all impulses came from the outside and that we worked under these impulses . So , he doesn 't believe that they come from dreams or inner visions . He really felt that we were , in a sense , self-propelled robots . It appears that Tesla got more information than anyone rightfully should have been able to get for his time in history , where he was and when he was . It could be the result of outside influence from the Akashic Field steering us along a path to make sure that we have reached a certain level of technological sophistication within a certain prescribed time window . Could the nature of genius lie in the ability of visionaries to tap into an otherworldly realm of knowledge ? If the information contained within this field was uploaded by extraterrestrials , as ancient astronaut theorists propose , does this suggest that humans are on a predetermined path ? And if so , what are we being guided to do ? Sofia , Bulgaria . After her death in 1996 , the home of the 20th century prophet Baba Vanga is turned into a museum so that followers can continue to pay their respects . Among the hundreds of thousands of future readings given by the blind prophet during her lifetime , many relate to events concerning the whole of the human race , events , centuries , and even millennia into the future . If we look at Baba Vanga 's prophecies , they 're a lot like contemporary science fiction . In her accounts , Baba Vanga claimed the world will undergo many changes . It will rise , and it will fall . But the balance will be established when extraterrestrials start to communicate with humans . She said , " You don 't see it now , " but there is a huge movement of crafts in the sky . " Usually , there are three of them flying . " They tell me , 'Be prepared for a big event , ' but they don 't tell me what it is . " Baba Vanga is unique in being very much a prophet that looks at the future of man in space , humanity in space and extraterrestrial contact , which she assures us will happen in the next 200 years . By 2130 , Baba Vanga prophesied that human colonies deep under the ocean would be created with the assistance of extraterrestrial beings , who would lend us a tremendous hand in developing this new civilization . By 2183 , humans would already have a colony on Mars . The human colony would revolt , ultimately leading to a nuclear confrontation . By 2221 , humanity in search of alien life would come into contact or knowledge of something absolutely horrific , but she does not tell us what this means . Are we headed toward the future that Baba Vanga somehow tapped into , a future that is written within the Akashic record ? March , 2017 . The U.S. Congress passes the NASA Authorization Act and issues a mandate for the organization to get humans to Mars by 2033 . Officials at the space agency immediately respond with a detailed plan outlining their strategy to accomplish this goal . Along with NASA mission plans , the European Space Agency , China , United Arab Emirates and India are all slated to send orbiters to the planet in the next few years . And private ventures , including Mars One , SpaceX and even Boeing have all set their sights on successfully colonizing the Red Planet within the next decade . At present , there 's a race among several nations and private companies to get to Mars and to colonize Mars . So what 's going on here ? One of humanity 's great visionaries , Elon Musk , sees real problems ahead for humanity . In his view , our colonization of Mars is an effort to save or back up humanity . It 's a compelling possibility that , in fact , there is some greater organized effort being made to steer human knowledge towards a desired outcome . Our brain could act as a tuning fork or antenna for the Akashic record itself , which may have very explicit directions leading us down a certain path . We 're going to Mars . We 're going to be a space-faring nation and civilization , going to other planets . And like the phenomenon of spontaneous invention , we have people all over the world suddenly pushing us to go to Mars . Is it possible that this information is actually being sent to humans in order to-to move us forward ? Ancient astronaut theorists suggest that if mankind fulfills its mission to colonize Mars , we may be repeating the past . According to scientific evidence proposed by Dr. John Brandenburg in an article for the Journal of Cosmology in 2014 , Baba Vanga 's prediction for a nuclear event on Mars may have happened once before . There appears to have been a devastating nuclear attack on Mars . Two massive nuclear weapons detonated over the surface of Mars , apparently dropped from space . I originally proposed as an explanation that this was a natural nuclear reactor that had gone unstable . However , as I talked to more scientists , they said the Xenon spectrum is wrong . That is weapons signature . There 's no natural phenomenon that can account for this nuclear data . Evidence has shown us that there 's possibility that Mars did , in fact , suffer a nuclear war deep , deep in ancient history . This would suggest that human events are repeated and that throughout time we go back and retrace our steps . It could be that the past , present and future has already happened . And if that 's the case , you 're really looking at a system that repeats itself over and over and over again . And that could be looked at as a script . It could be looked at as a computer code . Then it would make sense that we are in-in some way being directed by that information . It is guiding our behavior . These prophecies may be actually something where people were tapping into a future that already existed in some other sense . And it appears to be something that is part of a greater cosmic script that we 're all following that does have an extraterrestrial influence in making sure that we stay on the script . Is it possible that the Akashic record contains a script ... Like a cosmic computer code ... That humans are being programmed to follow ? Perhaps the answer can be found by examining evidence discovered by theoretical physicists that there is programming language embedded in the very fabric of the universe . College Park , Maryland . 2008 . Renowned physicist and University of Maryland professor S. James Gates Jr . Coauthors a report announcing that he found specific computer code in the equations defining the fabric of the universe . He theorizes that since these error-correcting codes are indistinguishable from those that drive search engines on our computers , it suggests that the cosmos is digital in nature . Professor Gates finding computer code in his string theories , it literally shook me , because what he 's saying is that there is code ... And not only code , but code that we use for our computers ... In the fabric of reality . So the implication is that our reality is digital , that every experience you 've ever had is based on code . They have found computer algorithms in the existence of the universe , a code of one and zeros , which would imply that the idea of an information field or the cloud is not a new idea , and it 's happened before . Now , what the forces are behind the Akashic record , your guess is as good as mine . If computer code is embedded within the very fabric of the universe , might it have been put there by an ancient extraterrestrial race , or possibly even an earlier race of humans ? And has mankind established a new Akashic record with the creation of the cloud ? But if so , are we merely following a pre-programmed cosmic script embedded within an invisible realm that exists all around us ? Do we have free will , or are we totally determined ? The answer is : if you 're not aware of the choices you 're making , you 're a biological robot . But if you become conscious of the nature of the universe , then you can start to have some degree of freedom . As we reclaim the Akashic records , and even go beyond it , this could be the key that opens the door that will enable us to enter into a new level of existence or a new reality . We are evolving to a stage where we 're unlocking secrets and codes and patterns that have always been there . It 's mind-blowing , but it 's also conscious-altering . What it does is it starts to drive humanity towards discovering what we really are , who we really are . What 's our purpose here as a species ? Is there really a cosmic repository of all knowledge contained within the universe , past , present and future ? And if so , does the recent invention of what is commonly known as the cloud help pave the way to a future of limitless possibilities ? Perhaps when we finally tap into the Akashic record , we will find out that humanity has been following a program that has been in place for millions of years , a program that will ultimately lead us to our final destiny on other worlds . CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY A + E NETWORKS
