 This design has been taken from a text that 's at least 1,800 years old . Our vehicle was showing positive lift , like an aircraft would . So the information contained in the ancient texts is indeed accurate . Now , this is a vast medical text and it 's considered the foundation of traditional Indian medicine . Oh , so this is the basis for Ayurvedic medicine ? Yes . This book was written more than a 100 years before Hippocrates , the father of modern medicine . Incredible . There is information about science , technology , and medicine preserved in ancient India . Where did the ancestors receive this information ? Aliens . People from other planet . India . Home to over 1.3 billion people . It is the second most populous nation in the world . Although it is home to some of mankind 's oldest civilizations , India has , in recent years , also undergone rapid modernization . The city of Bangalore , for example , is the headquarters of literally thousands of information technology companies , and has been ranked as one of the most high-tech cities in the world . But these advancements also coexist with the country 's ancient origins . Roughly 80 % of the Indian population practices Hinduism . And for the Hindu faithful , their gods are not mythological creatures , but are real flesh-and-blood beings that have , at times , been present here on Earth . For the Indian people , the basis of their religion is essential to the fabric of their lives . Many of the faithful , to this day , see these accounts not as fanciful , but as history . They take it literally that the gods walked among human beings and conveyed knowledge . In the Hindu tradition , these ancient gods are not considered just symbolic or mythical beings . They are considered as flesh-and-blood beings that came down from the sky and existed in real life . The foundation of Hinduism is carefully preserved in India 's most ancient texts . And according to their traditions , these texts are accounts given directly by the gods themselves , and only transcribed by humans . This collection includes the Vedas , or Hindu scriptures , as well as other manuscripts written in the early Sanskrit language . Vedic scholars suggest knowledge pertaining to architecture , science , technology , weaponry , and medicine are preserved in meticulous detail in these works . The origins of the Vedic text goes back to cosmic time . They have been around for thousands of thousands of years . It is believed that the knowledge came directly from gods . We are seeing a handbook of the gods . We are looking at an endowment from some superior intelligence that appears to have been given to us as a very practical guide in ways that benefit humankind all across the board . But if the ancient texts of India are truly attributable to the extraterrestrial gods , just what information do they contain ? Sirpur , India . The Surang Tila Temple . This structure , which dates back to the seventh century AD , was recently unearthed after being buried by a powerful earthquake that occurred in the 11th century . Although the rest of the area was completely leveled , the structure itself remained largely intact . Archaeologists suggest that this is due to the advanced construction techniques , known as Ayurvedic or Vedic architecture , utilized by its builders . The principles they used are derived from the ancient science of design that can be traced back to the ancient Indian texts . In March 2017 , researcher and ancient astronaut theorist Giorgio Tsoukalos traveled to India to meet with archaeologist Dr. Arun Sharma , who headed the dig . This is beautiful . Mm-hmm . Really ? Now , is this considered Ayurvedic architecture , right here ? That 's amazing . Huh . Okay . Although much of the site has been renovated using modern concrete , blocks held together by the Ayurvedic paste can still be found . It seems to be almost like a ... s-some type of glue . The glue-like substance is said to form a bond that is at least 20 times stronger than concrete . But modern builders have been unwilling to entertain the notion that such an ancient concoction could be superior to today 's building materials . Wow , look at this . Beautiful . The detailed instructions for making this paste can be found in an ancient Indian text known as the Mayamatam ... A manuscript dedicated to construction techniques . The information contained within the document is understood to have been passed down to humans from Mayasura , the ancient king of the demigods , who was said to oversee various construction projects on Earth , including cities in the sky . This , right here ? Curiously , there is a more astounding earthquake-proof feature at the site which indicates that advanced knowledge was used in its construction . Located at key points within the Surang Tila Temple are several 80-foot long shafts designed to form air pockets that can dissipate the impact of seismic events . Yes , please . All right . Wow . Oh , wow , this is big . It 's a huge book . And-and this text has been around for 4,500 years ? In your opinion , where did this knowledge come from ? Uh-huh . And you think that this knowledge originated from the stars ? That 's amazing . According to the Hindu faithful , the construction techniques used at the Surang Tila Temple are just one example of advanced technology detailed in the ancient Sanskrit texts . Other works are said to contain information far beyond the scope of early man ... Perhaps even providing concrete proof of extraterrestrial activity on Earth . The Indus Valley . Northwest India and Pakistan . June 2011 . Paleontologists discover a 4,300-year-old skull featuring multiple drilled holes in it . Remarkably , they conclude these are signs that brain surgery was performed . And it even appears that the operation was successful , as the wound showed signs of advanced healing . In ancient India , they performed incredible kinds of medicine and surgical procedures on people . Things like operating on the skull . What 's fascinating about this is ... is this kind of advanced medical knowledge goes way back , way back . And they were able to use those techniques to heal people . Vedic scholars suggest that not only were the ancient Hindus able to perform brain surgery , but other advanced procedures as well . And much of this medical knowledge was set to record in a Sanskrit text dating back to 800 BC , known as the Sushruta Samhita . In 2017 at a local library in Mahabalipuram , India , Giorgio Tsoukalos meets with fellow ancient astronaut theorist Praveen Mohan to take a closer look at the text . Now this is a , uh , vast medical text that contains information about more than 11,000 illnesses . Uh , it talks about 700 medicinal plants , 64 preparations from mineral resources , 57 preparations from animal resources , and it 's considered the foundation of Ayurveda , the traditional Indian medicine . Oh , so this is the basis for Ayurvedic medicine right here . - Yes , yes . I was able to find a passage . I thought you might find it , - you know , interesting . - Mm-hmm . Right here . Now you can see where it says that surgical operations are of eight types . They are incising , excising , scraping , puncturing , probing , extracting , secreting fluids , and even suturing . So imagine , we had suturing 2,600 years ago . - Mm-hmm . And this book was written more than a hundred years before Hippocrates , the father of modern medicine . That is amazing . And how was this information obtained ? Like , what 's the story behind this ? Well , the title Sushruta Samhita means that the author Sushruta is not really the author . He did not write this book . He got this information from a character called Dhanvantari , who was an otherworldly being . Dhanvantari is believed to be the physician to the gods and the father of Ayurvedic medicine . Dhanvantari himself has a divine origin associated with the churning of the milky ocean . The churning of the milk of sea refers to , perhaps , uh , the Milky Way . Dhanvantari came out of that and then he was the god of medicine . And he , then , gave this knowledge of medicine to human beings . Dhanvantari was said to have originated from the Milky Way . And so , all of a sudden , you have a connection with this deity arriving from the Milky Way . Well , what more do you want ? The knowledge contained in this document , known as the Sushruta Samhita , was brought here by an extraterrestrial visitor . Ayurvedic medicine is considered one of the world 's oldest and most detailed healing sciences . Is it possible that it was really handed down to mankind by alien sources ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest that other texts clearly reveal this extraterrestrial connection . Mumbai University . Kalina , India . January 2015 . The Indian Science Congress presents talks on various technical disciplines to an audience of some of India 's top engineers . Included in the list of presentations is a lecture on " Ancient Indian Aviation Technology " given by retired pilot and flight instructor Captain Anand J. Bodas . In his lecture , Captain Anand Bodas told young engineers that they should recreate what is given in ancient Vedic texts , because in the field of aviation , there are much more advanced devices mentioned than what we have today . This was a very controversial talk because you had one camp that thought that the ancient civilizations of India possessed incredible flying technology , yet you then had that other camp that said this is crazy , it 's nonsense . But something was going on many , many , many , many thousands of years ago , and they presented evidence and documented facts that they had flying machines that were capable of doing incredible things . How did they know this ? Captain Bodas is just the latest in a long line of researchers to suggest that the ancient texts contained actual information about lost technology pertaining to aerial vehicles , often referred to in the texts as " vimanas . " In 1895 , a full eight years before the Wright Brothers successfully launched their flying machine , Sanskrit scholar Shivkar Talpade tested an aircraft he fashioned based solely on information gleaned from the ancient Indian writings . Talpade , in India , was a student of the Vedic scriptures . And he decided to try and construct one of the vimana flying craft that were seen in the , um , Vedic scriptures . The first aircraft of Talpade was called , " Marutsakha , " which means , " friend of the wind . " He was able to fly this aircraft in front of thousands of people in Mumbai Beach . The legend has it that he flew for , like , 30 seconds at 1,500 feet . The Wright brothers only went 120 feet for 12 seconds . If this is true , that changes aviation history dramatically . But even more exciting is that he based his design on something written thousands of years before mankind even thought flying was possible . In 2017 , Kavya Vaddadi , an aircraft design engineer in Delhi , India , was able to re-create the Marutsakha as a digital 3D model utilizing the same information contained in the texts that Talpade studied . She shared her digital file with aerospace systems engineer Travis Taylor , so he could 3D print it in order to test its aerodynamic properties in a wind tunnel . But just how would this ancient design hold up when put to the test ? University of California at Irvine . April 2017 . Aerospace engineer Travis Taylor has obtained a model of an aircraft whose design specifications are based solely on information gleaned from ancient Indian texts that are believed to have been formally set to writing in 500 BC . He is going to subject it to wind tunnel analysis to determine if it is a viable flying machine . So explain to me what we 've set up here with that wind tunnel . Okay , so this is our aerospace vehicle model . It 's connected to this boom . The armature has a force gauge on it . But we 're gonna have airflow go past it at about 50 miles per hour or so . - Okay . And then we 're gonna measure forces against it to determine if , uh , if it 's gonna fly or not . And so , what are the signs that you 're looking for in order to determine whether this is , - in fact , aerodynamically sound ? - Right . So we 're gonna measure the , uh , normal force . And the normal force is up or down . Uh , if it starts to move up , then that 'll be exciting , because it 's actually going to be rising and that 's how you get flight . You know , when the airplane turns up , and it starts to move , it 's because it 's getting lift . Uh , the other thing is , I don 't want to see it going real bad side to side , or real bad chatter up and down , because that would mean it 's unstable . All right . Well , let 's do it . Let 's fire her up and see what happens . Yeah , let 's do it . - The flow 's coming up to speed . - Yep . While being subjected to 50-mile-an-hour winds , the craft exhibits a slight lift upwards yet remains relatively steady . No side-to-side wobble . Okay . Sensors record the measurements of various forces , as well as torque and pitch , to determine just how aerodynamic the body is . It looks very stable . All right . So let 's look at the results . So what happened during the test was the normal force , which is where we measure the lift , it was positive between .03 and .06 pounds of force . That means we were measuring lift . - Okay . So our vehicle in the wind tunnel experiment was showing positive lift like an aircraft would . Did you expect these results from a shape that 's like that ? Well , the shape looks like a lifting body to me . But you never know until you actually do the experiment . And we have experimental results now that says it is . So that 's the exciting part . And-and what do you say to anyone who questions the idea that this information has been taken from a text that 's at least 1,800 years old ? The only thing you can say is we performed a good scientific experiment . And the results were that the shape made from those texts is a viable aerodynamic structure . The aircraft model created using details garnered from the ancient Indian texts has proven to be flight-worthy . Is it possible that , by studying the ancient Indian texts , we may be able to recreate advanced technology that existed thousands of years ago in India ? Ancient astronaut theorists suggest that the texts may also contain details for advanced spacecraft . Hindu scholars point out that stories of space travel can be found throughout the pages of the ancient Sanskrit texts . There are even detailed accounts of humans entering flying crafts and being transported to other solar systems . In the ancient text of Vishnu Purana , Lord Vishnu decides to take Dhruva , a human being , through an interstellar journey . We know this because it is specifically stated that Dhruva would be taken beyond planets like Mercury , Venus , and even beyond some other stars . According to the text , he went past seven planetary systems in a physical craft , and eventually he reached the solar system and planet of Vishnu Loka , the planet that Vishnu is said to have come from . So here we have the story of extraterrestrials taking a human to another solar system . Although few details exist of the craft Dhruva was transported in , scholars have noted that highly specific descriptions of space vehicles can be found throughout the texts . In 2014 , in an article in the Journal of Engineering and Innovative Technology titled " Vedic lon Engine , " a team of aerospace scientists posed the theory that what is being described in a 1,000-year-old text called the Samarangana Sutradhara is a modern ion mercury vortex engine used for space travel . In the Samarangana Sutradhara text , there 's a description of an engine that uses mercury , and the mercury swirls in a vortex and it uses the heat from , perhaps , solar power to create some type of flying capability . My thought on this is it sounds a lot like an ion engine . The concept for ion engines has actually been around for more than 100 years . Now , the way it works is xenon gas , which is like helium or neon but heavier , is introduced into a chamber here . And it 's ionized , which means it 's given an electric charge . And once it has an electric charge , a voltage applied between this grid and one just behind it causes the xenon to shoot out of the engine . Well , the action of the xenon going out this direction causes a reaction that pushes the spacecraft in the other direction . And that 's how the ion thruster propels the spacecraft . You heat the ions up , and then you accelerate them out the back end of the spacecraft . It puts out a small amount of thrust , but for a very long time . And that 's why ion engines are uniquely perfect for interspace travel . In 2007 , NASA launched the Dawn spacecraft , which used a conventional multistage chemical rocket to blast off from Earth , but then switched to an ion engine for its journey through deep space . Crucial to that mission was an ion thruster . And it gets its energy from solar panels . So here you have this solar-powered ion thruster with this vortex in the middle of it going out to the asteroid belt , and it 's described in Sanskrit texts . If information detailing previously lost technology was purposely left for humans to rediscover , are we now sufficiently advanced to successfully replicate it ? And if so , are there any other developments beyond ancient space travel that scientists have been able to exploit ? Mahabalipuram , India . While at a local library with fellow ancient astronaut theorist Praveen Mohan , Giorgio Tsoukalos gets a firsthand look at early copies of some of India 's most important ancient texts . And now let me show you the other book . This is the Bhagavad Gita . Among the most influential is the Bhagavad Gita , part of the 13,000-page epic called the Mahabharata , which contains 19 individual books . Historians think this text was written around 500 BC , so this book is 2,500 years old . - Okay . - But according to " mythology , " this was supposed to be written at least 10,000 years ago . Okay . It 's a very popular book , and some people even say atomic science is hidden in this book . Not just regular people , but modern physicists . So the argument can be made that the knowledge of , for example , the atom is contained in a book - Mm-hmm . Yes . - ... that is at least 2,500 years old ? And some stories say that it was given by an otherworldly being . - Yes . - Okay . - Even Robert Oppenheimer , who is the father of atomic bomb , uh , was fascinated by this book . - Mm-hmm . - Really ? Wow . - Yes . Okay , that 's interesting . Jornada del Muerto Desert , New Mexico . July 16 , 1945 . In the middle of the barren Alamogordo Bombing and Gunnery Range , scientists detonate the first man-made nuclear weapon . The destruction was comparable to no other weapon known to man . The father of the atomic bomb was J. Robert Oppenheimer , the leader of the Manhattan Project , a secret government program created to develop such a weapon . Oppenheimer , when he saw the successful nuclear test and realized what a terrible weapon he was unleashing , he quoted the Bhagavad Gita 's " I am become death , the destroyer of worlds . " Oppenheimer 's interest in ancient Sanskrit literature began while he was a professor at the University of California , Berkeley and was introduced to the texts by renowned scholar Arthur W. Ryder . Under Ryder 's tutelage , Oppenheimer extensively studied the Vedic scriptures and became proficient in Sanskrit . According to his biographers , he kept a hardcover of the Bhagavad Gita on his bookshelf and was known to give copies away to his friends as gifts . One of the ideas that 's deep within the Vedic scriptures , the Bhagavad Gita , is the idea of duty . He felt it was his duty to do this , even though it would be a terrible thing , he realized , to develop this new nuclear weapon . So he believed he was part of a cosmic cycle and we had to do this to advance . Perhaps he knew that by developing the atomic bomb , we were actually reconnecting with technologies that we had been exposed to many thousands of years before . One of the key ideas found within the Indian texts is the concept of the cyclical nature of existence , that once we complete a cosmic cycle , it just begins once more . Oppenheimer himself came to see that he was , in a sense , fulfilling some ancient destiny and that this weapon could ultimately be used to stop a major war , which is exactly what happened . It totally broke the momentum of World War II . In that sense , he was seeing that he was , in some way , fulfilling a destiny that came to him from a seemingly supernatural source , i.e. extraterrestrial gods who influenced ancient India . If Oppenheimer 's work on the atomic bomb was inspired by the ancient Indian texts , could this mean that similar weapons actually existed on Earth thousands of years ago ? Thar Desert . Rajasthan , India . 1992 . Engineers conducting soil sampling at a site where a housing development was to be built discover a heavy layer of radioactive ash under the soil . Further examination reveals the contamination stretches across a three-square-mile area of the desert . After cordoning off the area , scientists unearthed a city with completely demolished buildings . Scientists have discovered a radioactive ash that they believe dates to 8,000 to 12,000 years ago that shows evidence of a nuclear blast in ancient times . This is very interesting because the Sanskrit texts describe exactly this type of occurrence in this era in ancient times . In the Ramayana , one of the major ancient Sanskrit epics , a mighty weapon of the god Brahma called the Brahmastra is described as a weapon of immense power intended to rain down destruction from above . Brahma provided this weapon to the hero Rama as a last resort after all conventional means of warfare failed in his battle against the demon king . The Brahmastra is the deadliest weapon there is in the history of humankind . It is like a nuclear device , uh , that can be detonated , and then it will have a very devastating effect . Once it was fired , its effect fell on a lot of animals , and then they dropped dead . And also , people started losing their nails , their hair , and they could not breathe . Rama fires the Brahmastra weapon upon Dhrumatulya . It is commonly accepted that this is in Rajasthan , in Pakistan . It 's the 19th-largest desert in the world . Does the layer of radioactive ash , recently discovered in the Thar Desert of Rajasthan , provide proof that the stories recorded in the ancient scriptures have merit ? Nuclear warfare , space travel , flying craft ... might there be greater truth about our technological past revealed in the ancient Indian texts ? And if so , are they simply a guide to move us forward , as a warning for mankind 's impending fate ? Ranakpur , India . The Chaumukha Jain Temple . Built in the 15th century AD , this place of worship is dedicated to the Jains ' first teacher god , Rishabhanatha , who is credited with the task of civilizing human beings and teaching them writing , mathematics , science and agriculture . Jainism is an ancient Indian religion that predates Hinduism . Jains and Hindus hold a similar belief system relating to the cyclical nature of the Universe , karma , and reincarnation , yet worship different gods . For Jains , the quest for knowledge is essential for their spiritual liberation . And the iconography of the temple is meant to symbolize Rishabhanatha 's attainment of cosmic enlightenment . The most uncanny feature in the Temple of Ranakpur is not on the ground , it 's not on the walls , but it is on the ceiling . The ceiling is almost identical to images of the Large Hadron Collider , a particle accelerator in Switzerland . If you look at the carving on the ceiling , you 're seeing something that has a curious radial structure . It 's circular . There 's bands within bands . And then you have all of these lines that go towards the center . Now , there is a more-than-passing similarity between the carving and what we 're actually seeing in the Large Hadron Collider . The 17-mile-long Large Hadron Collider , or LHC , is the world 's largest and most powerful particle accelerator . It was created to smash tiny protons together at speeds of nearly 670 million miles per hour , roughly the speed of light . The total energy produced by the collisions is believed to reproduce similar states to those that existed moments after the Big Bang , the event that many scientists believe was responsible for the creation of the cosmos . By examining these collisions , scientists can attempt to answer the question of just how the universe began . The Hadron supercollider : its purpose is to duplicate , basically , conditions of the Big Bang , when the universe was first created . But one of the concerns is that since we 're recreating conditions like the Big Bang at the beginning of the universe , some of the things running around at the beginning of the universe we don 't want to encounter . And this is a very difficult thing , to face so many unknowns . Work on this subatomic realm , or quantum mechanics , can be traced to two scientific pioneers ... Austrian physicist Erwin Schrodinger , and German physicist Werner Heisenberg . According to biographers , both Schrodinger and Heisenberg were highly influenced by the ancient Indian texts . Heisenberg is on record saying quantum theory will not look so unusual to anyone who is a student of the Vedanta , the Hindu sacred scriptures . Well , why would he say something like that ? The Hindus had a very interesting way of looking at the world , including this concept of a quantum reality through what they call " trutis , " which appear to be magnificently tiny particles that ultimately make up all of physical reality as we know it . It is fascinating how these very old texts are still relevant today , and , in fact , may be largely responsible for the progress in quantum mechanics in the early 20th century . This suggests that the culture that wrote those texts had knowledge of quantum mechanics . The Hindu texts in some ways mirrors , or foreshadows , things that will come later . Perhaps these people were being guided by extraterrestrials to protect that knowledge , so that in our time we would look back at that and notice the similarity . And we have to look at the possibility that this is an endowment that has been given to us by these extraterrestrials for a greater divine purpose . The texts could serve as a window into our future , and a warning that if we don 't alter the course that we 're on , it could be catastrophic . If extraterrestrials instructed our ancestors to record lost advanced technological knowledge and principles , was it meant to serve as a guidebook to our scientifically enlightened age ? Or might it , instead , be a warning to prevent us from repeating the mistakes of the past ? If so , what do the texts say about where mankind is headed next ? New Delhi , India . Scholars at the National Mission of Manuscripts set out to translate and preserve what they estimate to be over four million rare ancient texts related to various disciplines , including ancient science . Many of these texts have been preserved on palm leaves , and are believed to be scattered in obscure locations throughout the subcontinent . Currently , less than ten percent of the ancient writings of India have been published . And no one is certain what secrets lie hidden in these remaining undeciphered manuscripts . Is it possible that the road map for our future is yet to be revealed by studying these ancient Indian texts ? These texts should be consulted as we evolve into a world that is full of so many unknowns , and the Vedic scriptures are a vast storehouse of knowledge . And by not consulting them , who knows ... We may be missing something vital . We would be well served to go back to the Hindu texts and recognize that perhaps we 've been here before . The Vedic text offers the key to us to move forward . Conversely , it could well be that ignoring it will be at our own peril , and that we could , in fact , face our end . What I really think is important here is that we pay more attention to these ancient texts , and try to learn what we can from them , because this is the gods , the extraterrestrials , giving us this information . Do the voices of the gods , as written in the pages of India 's ancient texts , really contain information left for us to discover , or do they convey knowledge that we were meant to avoid ? For ancient astronaut theorists , one fact is certain ... That mankind 's extraterrestrial past provides the key to its future . A future that will either see us successfully avoid the mistakes of our ancestors , or warn us of the deadly mistakes we are destined ... to repeat . CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY A + E NETWORKS
