 Hello , everybody , and welcome to the Back to the Future Q and A session here at the University of Southern California . We have the distinct honor to have the two Bobs : Director-Writer , Robert Zemeckis , and Producer-Writer , Bob Gale . They 're here to answer questions about the making of Back to the Future . And having just screened the film , I 'm sure there will be plenty of questions . My name is Laurent Bouzereau and I am producing the Back to the Future DVD in collaboration with Universal Studios Home Video . I will be moderating today 's event . I will be also repeating each of the questions so that the audience can hear it . And all of you at home watching this DVD and listening to this audio commentary can also hear what the questions were . So here we go . Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale . Well , let 's get started , Bob and Bob . Can you tell us a little about where you were at in your career at the time that you started working on Back to the Future ? Bob Zemeckis , tell us about your career at the time . Where we were when we wrote the screenplay was different from when we made the movie . When we wrote the screenplay , we had just finished Used Cars and we couldn 't get a movie made . We couldn 't get a movie made anywhere . It was like a three , maybe four-year dry spell . We wrote Back to the Future during that time . And then I went off and made Romancing the Stone and then we were able to get Back to the Future made after that movie , thankfully it was a hit . Because I 've got a ... In my archives , I 've got a rejection letter from every single studio . Every single studio . Sometimes more than one from the same studio . Sometimes they sent it back twice , rejecting Back to the Future as an idea for a movie . Bob Gale , do you want to tell us a little bit about how you guys write together how you came up with the actual idea for Back to the Future ? And , maybe , begin with your initial fascination with time travel . We 'd always wanted to do a time-travel movie . Actually we were fascinated by the fact that people always predict the future wrong . We thought it would be interesting to make a movie that took place in a future scene like the 1939 World 's Fair , that had everything wrong in the future . So that was ... The idea of doing a time-travel movie kind of came out of that . But there was really no movie there . After Used Cars came out , I went back to visit my parents in St. Louis , Missouri and I found my father 's high school yearbook . I discovered that my father had been the president of his graduating class . Something that I didn 't know . I started thinking about the president of my graduating class who was somebody I would 've had nothing to do with . I was head of the Student Committee to Abolish Student Government . So I thought , " If I had gone to high school with my dad ... " ... would I have been friends with him ? " And that was the spark of the idea . So when I came back to California , I told that little story to Bob . He jumped up and said : " Yeah , and wouldn 't it be interesting if your mom , who said that she 'd never , ever ... " ... kissed a boy on a date or anything , turned out to be the school slut ? " So we started cooking on this and that 's how the concept got going . Of course , there was only one way to have a kid go to high school with his parents . And that was , from our point of view , to do it in a time machine . We 'd seen plenty of movies where ... Plenty of stories ... In A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court he gets hit on the head and he 's suddenly back in the past . And we never bought that . So we decided that if somebody was going to go back in time it had to be with a time machine . So that 's how the creative juices got flowing . Obviously , the part in the past in the movie takes place in 1955 . The Academy Award for Best Picture that year went to a movie called Marty . Is it just a coincidence or was it a conscious decision to call Michael J. Fox 's character in the movie Marty ? I think that was a coincidence . I don 't remember us thinking about that . No . We never thought about that . The fact that Marty had never even occurred to me until you just mentioned it right now . Sometimes we name characters that are inside jokes , other times I think , in the case of Marty , I think it was just a name that ... Sometimes we just name characters that have a good sound to them that they roll off your tongue kind of easily . Then other times we name them after people . Like Biff Tannen . Ned Tannen was the president of Universal . When we were making I Wanna Hold Your Hand at one meeting that we had he got irate with us in his office and threw the script on the floor and accused us of wanting to make an anti-Semitic movie even though I 'm Jewish . So , in honor of good old Ned , Biff got his last name . How much research did you find yourself doing on the 1955 time period to make sure that everything was accurate ? We did quite a bit of research . It seemed to be the process of coming up with ideas was to just go and immerse yourselves in ... We would immerse ourselves in ... We 'd go to the library and read the newspapers of the time . You know , those great Time-Life series and photograph books of the time . You have to sort of be a history buff to enjoy doing something like this . When we came up with specific scenes we would research , specifically , if we could do a certain thing . But most of it was just sort of getting a flavor for the time . Then , of course , once the production gets going , then it gets to be really fun , because then everything starts to get real and you have teams of researchers in the art department , and they start ... It wasn 't a foregone conclusion automatically that 1955 was the year . In fact , when we wrote the script in 1980 , it was also 1955 then . And as the years went by because it was four years later that we actually got the movie made we gave Marty an older brother and an older sister so that you would understand the age of his parents that they would be in high school in 1955 . But 1955 was important because we wanted Marty to invent rock ' n ' roll . That was one of the ideas that we had real early on . So , if it was any later than 1955 , that couldn 't have worked . We knew it had to be after rock ' n ' roll . It wouldn 't have worked if it was 1950 or 1949 . When you were writing the script , did you have any specific actors in mind ? No , I don 't think ... You know , Bob and I actually entertain ourselves by saying : " Wouldn 't so-and-so be funny to do this ? " But I 've found , over the years , we do that on specific lines of dialogue . We 'll sit there and say : " Nicholson . He would really be able to do this line great . " So , for me anyway , they become these kind of shadow characters . And I never really see anyone specifically when we 're writing . - I don 't . Do you ? - No . Sometimes , in terms of trying to conceive how a character would deliver dialogue we would imagine in our heads , like , Jack Nicholson or Jimmy Cagney or somebody who has a very distinctive way of speaking . And that 's just sort of a guideline to put somebody 's voice in our head that allows us to give the dialogue a certain style . Sometimes it 's based on somebody that we actually know . Again , just to give the character a style of talking . In Back to the Future , since most of the characters were young people and there aren 't any big stars that are going to be young people we never thought of that at all . Could you talk a little more specifically about your collaboration and how you actually write together ? Yeah , we write together . We just put ourselves in the office together and we write together . I think that the way I sort of describe it is that we just , basically springboard ideas back and forth and act scenes out together and then if we come up with something good , Bob writes it down . He writes it in longhand . We first started outlining it with index cards . And a lot of times we 'll think of a scene , and we don 't know where it goes . For example one of the first scenes in this movie was Marty Invents Rock ' n ' Roll . So we write that down on a card and we pin it up on the wall and you say to yourself , " Okay , if Marty 's going to invent rock ' n ' roll ... " ... we have to establish the fact that he can play rock ' n ' roll . " So that automatically tells you there has to be a scene at the beginning of the movie that has him , it turned out to be his audition so that you could see that he knows how to play it . So , one scene then becomes two scenes . And every time we come up with an idea ... He 's gonna invent the skateboard . So we have a card that says Skateboard Chase and that means we have to see him on a skateboard somewhere in the beginning of the movie . So , again , one scene then becomes two scenes . And pretty soon we have a bunch of cards up on the board and a lot of times there 'll be a lot of space in between them , and we 'll say : " How do we get from this scene here to that scene over there ? " And we 'll start kind of focusing on what would have to happen . We always use pushpins on those cards because we 're always moving them around . Sometimes we 'll say : " We can 't have that scene here . It 's gotta come two scenes later . " And eventually we have a full outline . And then we start really talking about each scene , and the dialogue , and the physical action that takes place . It might be noteworthy ... I remember , to say a few things about my recollection about writing the screenplay , which was , it took years . It took us years . I mean , this was ... I think it took us at least three years to write this . - Is that about right ? - No . Maybe it felt like three years . Well , from when we finally made the movie it was . But we started writing in ... I think it was around September of 1980 , after Used Cars came out . And the first draft has a February ' 81 date on it . And then we spent two months doing a re-write on that . And that was the draft we took everywhere in town and everybody passed on it . I remember , one of the things that we suffered over one of the big breakthroughs was the ... We didn 't know how to get Marty out of the Oedipal situation with his mother . I remember that . I think that took us months to figure that one out . And we didn 't know how we got ... We knew we had this great story that got us to this place . And then we didn 't know what to do . And I remember we were stuck on the fact that the Marty character had to do something . We couldn 't figure out what he could possibly do . And then the big breakthrough came when we decided that ... And my favorite line that we wrote in the entire movie is when she says : " It 's like I 'm kissing my brother . " That just solved that whole problem . We were able to actually make that story work . We struggled over that for a really long time . And I think the other big breakthrough which made the movie just charged the screenplay , was when we came up with the idea of making the time machine mobile . Our first drafts were , the time machine was this machine that was this big ... It was a chamber . It was in Doc 's lab and if he had to go anywhere , he had to put it in the back of a pickup truck . In fact , in that early draft , the nuclear-powered thing required them to drive it out onto a nuclear test site in New Mexico . And that was the climax of the movie , and it stayed that way until budget problems made it impossible for us to do that . The thing with the nuclear test site ... We actually went into production expecting to design that and the idea was in all the early drafts of the screenplay . The only place they were able to get enough energy was they had to bring the time machine to the Nevada nuclear test site in the ' 50s , where they set up all those little villages and towns to blow up with nuclear bombs . And Marty and the Doc sneak onto that and the big countdown was to the nuclear blast . When Marty went back in time , he arrived at ground zero and there was a bunch of tourists there , taking his picture and stuff . We were told that we had to cut $ 2 million out of the budget . And that 's one of the things where there 's method to the madness . Because the realization that we weren 't going to be able to go and move the company to Nevada or to Arizona or someplace and shoot . We were going to have to do the whole thing at the studio , to do it for the price . But it turned out that it became a much better scene . It became a much better scene because there was no way to involve the Doc , actually , if I remember right . It was just over the walkie-talkies where Doc was just there , on a side of a mountain , watching all this stuff . And of course , just tying everything into the town and keeping it all local in the town , just made it all absolutely better . And it 's one of those things where necessity becomes the mother of invention . " You gotta cut that scene out . " Bob and I spent a weekend walking around the back lot at Universal trying to figure out : " If this is the only environment we have that isn 't gonna cost us any money ... " ... that we can completely control , exactly what are we gonna do ? " We managed to cook up the clock tower sequence . One of the most memorable characters in the movie is , of course , Doc Brown . I was just wondering if you had any kind of inspirations or any kind of influences that helped you create that particular character . Christopher Lloyd always said that he made the character Doc Brown a combination of Albert Einstein and the conductor Leopold Stokowski . So all those big , broad gestures that he 's always doing ... Chris is a big classical music aficionado . So that 's what he had in his mind , a big shock of hair like Stokowski . If you don 't remember who Stokowski is , just watch the beginning of Fantasia . That 's Leopold Stokowski . In the early drafts of the screenplay , the reason we ... We always wrote him as Professor Brown . That had a good ring to it . You know , he was a professor . We never wrote him as a Doc . And Sid Sheinberg , the head of the studio , insisted that we change his title from professor , because he thought it just sounded too corny . There 's those famous Sid Sheinberg stories which we can tell you . He had three notes when Steven gave him the screenplay to read . One was that we couldn 't call the Doc " Professor . " The second one was , in the original draft of the screenplay he had a chimp as a mascot , instead of the dog and Sid said , " You have to get rid of the chimp ... " ... because no one is gonna see a movie with a chimp in it . " We actually had this meeting with him . It was hysterical . He said , " I 've done the research . " No movie with a chimpanzee in it has ever made a profit . " I said , " Well , " because in the ' 80s , " there were these two Clint Eastwood movies ... " ... Every Which Way But Loose and Any Which Way You Can . " So , what about those movies , Sid ? " And he said , " That was an orangutan in those movies . " And the third one was , he hated the title . But we stuck to our guns on that one . There was a fourth one , which was that originally Marty 's mother 's name was not Lorraine . It was Meg . Remember that ? That 's right . He didn 't like that name , so he said , " Name her Lorraine . " Coincidentally , his wife 's name is Lorraine . So we knew how to pick our battles . I think Sid 's comment was that nobody was going to see a movie with the word " future " in the title . So we decided that was the one . We would give up the others . We changed the chimp to a dog and the names . But we stuck to Back to the Future . Then , afterwards , we were having a meeting , a celebratory meeting in Sid 's office , after the movie was a giant success . We said , " Well , you see , Sid ? People went to the movie . " And he says , " Yes . But I 'll never know if I was right or not , will I ? " And I guess not . Bob Gale , can you actually reveal what the alternate title was ? Well , the alternate title ... This got hot and heavy during the production and postproduction of the movie because we 'd given Sid what he wanted on these other issues and he kept on this . And he decided that the hip title for the movie should be Spaceman from Pluto . And that 's because of the comic book that the kid has in the barn Space Zombies from Pluto . Sid actually sent us a memo where he outlined certain changes that should be made in the movie to reflect this new title Spaceman from Pluto . One of them was that instead of Marty saying , " I 'm Darth Vader from the Planet Vulcan " he should say , " I 'm from the planet Pluto . " There were one or two other things like that . Bob and I got this memo , and we were really scared and worried because he meant it . You gotta be careful about the kind of fights that you pick with the head of the company . He wasn 't just the head of the studio , he was the head of the company . Everyone at Universal thought Back to the Future was a great title , except for Sid . So we went to Steven with this memo , because Steven had been copied on it and we said , " Steven , what are we gonna do ? He really means it . " He really wants to change the title . " And Steven , in this one solution to the problem I think earned all the money that he made off of all these movies . He wrote a memo back to Sheinberg , and he said : " Dear Sid , thank you so much for your most humorous memo . " We really all got a big laugh out of it . " Steven knew that Sid was too proud to admit that he 'd meant it seriously and we never ... That was the end of it . Going back to the time machine itself , what convinced you to choose the DeLorean ? The joke in the barn , because ... That 's what my memory is . We backed it into that joke because we thought a car from ... What would really look like a spaceship landing in the barn in the ' 50s ? We said , " Hey , a DeLorean 's got these gull-wing doors . " That 'll really look like a futuristic machine from outer space . " - And that was basically it . - And it was stainless steel . And we had no idea there 'd be all this cocaine controversy and it would be such an infamous car when we wrote the joke . We actually got a fan letter from John DeLorean after the movie came out . He just sent us this glowing letter , how much he enjoyed the movie and thanked us for keeping his dream alive , and said that any of the people that worked on the car in the movie could have a job on his design team . Can you explain why you don 't really go into the back story of the relationship between Doc Brown and Marty ? We never really thought about it . We thought that the familiarity of him being able to just walk into his lab ... Actually , you know what ? We always saw it as the way Leave It to Beaver was with Gus the Fireman . Beaver always had the Fireman that he could go to , as basically like his therapist . And he went there and he would tell him about all the problems he was having with his family . We always said , " Let 's have a relationship ... " ... between Marty and Doc . " Marty would be this kid who was attracted to this crackpot scientist who was building inventions in this garage down the street . But we just felt to build a whole back story would take too long . We just sort of did it by trying to blast through it with the fact that obviously they know each other because they 're so familiar . When I was a kid , people had moved next door to us . The guy was a retired professional photographer . Not retired , he was just much older , and he had all this great darkroom equipment . I was eight years old , and I 'd never seen any of this kind of stuff before . So this guy was like a magician to me and me and my brothers would go over there and watch him develop film . We developed a relationship with him . He was just somebody that was kind of in my head as the type of thing . Plus , in a smaller town , if everybody tells you there 's a guy who 's dangerous , a crackpot well , every kid 's gonna want to find out who that guy is and get to know him . And every single movie story can be found in episodes of Leave It to Beaver . So for all you screenwriters out there if you 're struggling with a problem in your screenplay , watch Leave It to Beaver . You 'll find the way to fix the script in that series . As you took the script around town , and kept getting rejections did you , at any point , go back to the drawing board and revise the script ? What happened was that Spielberg wanted to do it right after Used Cars . He was the only guy who got it . But we had made two movies that he executive produced that flopped . - Plus 1941 which we took ... - We took the blame . Yeah . His only money-losing movie up to that point was the one that we wrote . I said to Steven , " If we make this movie , and it doesn 't work ... " ... we 'll probably never be able to work again . " And he said , " You 're right . " We just put it on the shelf . We actually even had one meeting on the movie with a studio executive , who I won 't name who was so excited about it . We sat down in his office and he went , " Yeah , yeah , yeah . " We 're telling him what we want to do , and we thought it was a really good meeting . And he said , " So what 's Steven 's involvement ? " And we said , " Well , nothing . " He said , " Oh . " And the meeting was over and we knew that that was it . So then after Romancing the Stone , now everybody wanted to make it . Bob and I felt that the only upstanding thing to do was to bring it to the only guy who had original faith in it not based on our box-office track record . So we brought it back to Steven . Then he had become famous with E. T. And everything . So it was like this perfect fit , because he was becoming this fantasy brand name ... - Master of fantasy and family entertainment . That was one of the big objections to the script is everybody told us that it was too sweet . It was too nice . Everybody was looking for R-rated , raunchy comedies . Except Disney , who said it was too dirty . Remember that ? Because of the thing with his mother , they said , " No , no . " That was before the Eisner-Katzenberg days . That was the old Disney . They said , " No , we can 't make this . " It wasn 't raunchy enough for most studios , and too dirty for Disney . So we were stuck . How did you go about coming up with the mechanics of the time travel ? Well , the mechanics of time travel ... The fact that everybody says , " Why 88 miles an hour ? What 's so special about that ? " It 's easy to remember . That 's all . There 's no special significance to that . The whole idea of what the time machine should look like ... We decided way early on that if there was going to be a working time machine one of the problems we had to solve writing-wise , was " Where did it come from ? " First we said , " Well , it could come from the government . " The government could be working on it . " We thought about it and said , " No , if they built it , it wouldn 't work . " Then we thought , " Some major corporation could be working on it . " Then we said , " No , we don 't like the idea that a major corporation is working on time travel . " That opens up a big can of worms that we didn 't want to deal with . We thought that the American myth is that there 's a guy who , in his garage invented the automobile engine that gets 200 miles to the gallon . He invented the reusable match that the match companies won 't let us have because it 'll put them out of business . The car companies won 't let us have the engine . That 's the guy that would invent time travel . And he would look like Dr. Emmett Brown . One of the things that we kept stressing to our art department and the people that we hired to help design the DeLorean was that it really needed to look dangerous and look like it was built in somebody 's garage . It couldn 't have a real Star Trek machined look because a guy that 's trying to invent stuff in his garage would just stick something on the side of his car temporarily to see if it worked . Then he 'd forget that it was temporary . He 'd put some other coil on there . Pretty soon you 'd have this big mishmash . So we wanted it to look dangerous . At the same time , because it was nuclear we did do some homework on nuclear reactors . Those big vents that are on the back those are supposed to be cooling towers , like you have at a nuclear power plant . After the plutonium fires off , you have all this big steam come out of there because that 's what would happen in a nuclear reaction . So we did actually try to have some sense of logic that we could stick to and make sense out of , that was a guide . But as far as the actual nuts and bolts of time travel itself that 's one of the things that Bob and I were really proud of . We were absolutely fanatics about dealing with what the real rules of time travel would be . We basically based our time-travel theories on The Time Machine by H.G. Wells . Simply , we stuck to that one which is that you travel through time , you don 't travel through space . Most of your time-travel stories and movies make that fatal mistake . You 're in California , and you travel back to ancient Rome . How did you get to Rome , if you 're in this latitude and longitude ? And in the H.G. Wells stories , the time machine never moved in space except at the very end , when he drags it a few feet . Right . So that 's exactly what Bob and I did in how our time machine worked . We were very careful . As a matter of fact , I was just thinking about it as I was watching the end of the movie just now . I remembered that we had ... The whole reason why we had the car not be able to start after he got back , at the end of the movie , to the future was so that we didn 't have to deal with the duplication of two DeLoreans . We only had to deal with him being duplicated once . And that one paradox , we cleaned up real quick . And , of course , if you talk to all the time-travel scientists and the people who study this stuff they think that we 'll probably be able to figure out how to travel into the future . Traveling to the past will be much more difficult because of the paradoxes involved . Eric Stoltz was in the movie prior to Michael J. Fox . Can you tell us why you had to re-cast the role of Marty ? The lesson that I learned was you have to stick to your convictions at all costs , no matter what . What happened to me ... It was completely my fault , and I miscast Eric Stoltz . I didn 't know it at the time . I felt I was going to be able to make it work . I had always envisioned Michael in the part but he was doing this TVseries . And conventional wisdom was that you can 't possibly do a feature film with an actor who 's in a TVseries . It 's impossible . One of the other mandates I was given by Mr. Sheinberg was if I didn 't have the movie for Memorial Day , I 'm not making it . So I was stuck , and I had to cast somebody and Eric was the best that I had available . Then , when I shot the first couple weeks of the movie he wasn 't understanding , or I wasn 't able to communicate the type of humor that I was seeing in the movie . The other reason that Steven deserves the money he made off of this movie was the fact that when I went to Steven and said : " I 've got to re-cast Eric , " he said : - " You 're right . " - " You 're right . " He went to Sid , and got him to agree . Not only got him to agree to let me re-cast him , of course , the painful part was everything that poor Eric had to go through but then , also , to agree to allow us to make a movie ... Basically , we made this entire movie at night . We made this movie from 6 : 00 p. m . To 6 : 00 a . M because Michael was working on the TVshow during the day . Then he 'd drive to the studio . We stayed on nights . - It was the most ... - It was splits , most of it . It was splits most of it , but it was pretty insane because we were on soundstages shooting , lighting the soundstages for daylight at 2 : 00 a. m . It was pretty insane , the way we did it . We didn 't make the Memorial Day date , but we did make the Fourth of July . The irony of it all is that because we put Eric Stoltz in the movie is the reason we got Michael J. Fox . We approached Gary Goldberg , who was the producer of Family Ties . That was the first phone call we made , because we wanted Michael in the movie . And he said ... He read the script , he said , " This is perfect for Michael . " I cannot let him read this script . " When he reads this , and I tell him that I 'm not going to let him out of the TVshow to do it ... " ... he 'll hate me for the rest of his life . " Meredith Baxter-Birney , who played his mother on that show was pregnant at that time , and Michael was really carrying the show . So that just right away put him out of it . We kept pushing our start date back while we kept trying to find the perfect Marty McFly . By the time we made the realization that we had to make a change it was now the beginning of January , 1985 . Meredith Baxter-Birney had already had her baby . So we went back to Gary Goldberg and said , " We are up against it , Gary . " There 's only one guy that can play this part . " He said , " I 'll let Michael read it . If he wants to do it ... " ... it 's fine with me , as long as you guys understand that Family Ties is always first . " If there 's a conflict between us and you , we win . Family Ties wins . " So that was the rules . Of course , when Michael read the script , he flipped for it . He said , " Try and stop me from being in this movie . " One of the amazing things about the movie is , of course , the performances . I was just wondering how much of those performances are in the script and how much of the performances was improvisation by the actors . I don 't like to watch actors improv in movies . I hate watching actors trying to think up lines while they 're acting . But if they can take the essence of what we wrote and improve it ... - Make it theirs . - Make it theirs . I 'm fine with that . The whole point is that the screenplay is supposed to be this blueprint for the movie . I 've always said that good directing is good casting and good writing . You cast the right actor , and you 've got a good script your directing looks great . The mannerisms that Crispin Glover has that 's what he brought . He came in to read and he started doing all that stuff with his hands . We just looked at each other and said , " This guy was probably born to play ... " ... George McFly . " Right . My job as the director , in that case , was the endless throwing the net over Crispin , because he was completely off about 50 percent of the time in his interpretation of the character . He had bizarre ideas of what the character 's wardrobe should look like and what his hair should look like . Probably the single hardest thing that we had to do in the movie was at the very end , when he comes in as the new George McFly and he looks like a normal , middle-class , American citizen that was pulling teeth to get him to do that . Crispin thought that when George shows up at the end of the movie he should be wearing gray baggy pants and a sleeveless , tank top T-shirt like some guy in the barrio . I swear to God , he absolutely ... He did those scenes totally under protest . That was the second time we filmed them . We filmed them once and they weren 't right . He actually went around dressed the way Bob just described on the set trying to solicit the crew to say , " Don 't you think this is how George should look ? " Nobody on the crew agreed with him . There 's a scene in the cafeteria when he 's writing his stories and if you look real close at his performance his face is all red , and his eyes are puffy and bloodshot because Crispin insisted that his hair should be sticking straight up . The day before , we had shot Michael 's side of the scene with his hair down . It didn 't make any sense . " Crispin , I don 't understand this . " He said , " When I write , I think my hair should be straight up . " I said , " But I don 't get that . " He said , " You don 't get that ? " I said , " No . " He couldn 't explain it . When Bob said , " It 's not going to match with what we ... " ... shot yesterday , " he said , " Brando never matched . " That was his answer to that . Wasn 't it difficult for Michael J. Fox to shoot his television series and shoot the movie at the same time ? How did he manage ? How could he even function doing that ? He was young . He was young in those days . We started shooting with Michael around the first or second week of January , 1985 . I think his show ended shooting about the second or third week of March . Then we wrapped photography in the third week in April . We also had the problem of we had to finish everything in the square that was the 1950s , because we had to turn it around to the 1980s , so we actually shot the daytime scenes on the back lot , on the weekends . So Michael didn 't even get to sleep on the weekends because the only time we could get him for a full day of light was on Saturday and Sunday at great expense , because everyone 's working platinum time on Sunday to shoot . He didn 't sleep hardly at all during that whole ten to twelve-week period that we were making the movie . How did you go about selecting Christopher Lloyd to play the character of Doc Brown ? Neil Canton worked with Christopher Lloyd on Buckaroo Banzai . As I remember , the guy that we first wanted to have play Doc Brown was John Lithgow who also was a veteran of that movie . He wasn 't available , and Neil said , " You guys have got to meet Christopher Lloyd . " Chris came in . Didn 't say a word , just sat in the office . But he looked at us with those eyes and we said , " That 's Dr. Emmett Brown . " As a matter of fact , Chris never said a word . I never had a conversation with him the entire movie . Chris is so shy that I 'd just say , " All right , Chris ... " ... we 're going to hang you in a harness , up on the thing . " The camera will be here . You 're going to hang from the clock . " There will be lightning and wind . " He would go , " Okay . " It took this entire movie for Chris to warm up to me enough for us to have conversations in the following movies . Chris would just say , " Okay . " The amazing thing about him is that he would be different every time . Every take he 'd do something a little different . You never exactly knew what it would be , but it was always right . He created such latitude with this character that we always had an embarrassment of riches in the editing room . He 'd just do some crazy thing with his eyes on one line and one take and then he 'd do something else in another take . It was always a tough decision to say which of these moments we would use . He was always wonderful , and it was good for the other actors . It was especially good for Michael J. Fox because Chris kept surprising him . So he was able to react a little bit differently in each scene in each take , and that kept his performance fresh . It kept him on his toes when he might have preferred to go into his trailer to take a nap . You 've got to love Chris . Somebody asked a question earlier about what happens ... How does a performance get designed ? For example , I think Chris is 6 ' 4 " 6 ' 2 " , and Michael is not that tall . You 've gotta love Chris , because Chris does the whole movie hunched over , so I could keep them both in frame . Chris did the whole performance like this : " Marty ! " He did that for me , because otherwise I couldn 't keep these guys in frame . He just kept himself in frame for me and made the character live that way . The other thing I remember is Chris absolutely would never let you know what he was going to do until the camera was rolling . He would only ever do a rehearsal or a camera blocking , literally at quarter speed . He would stumble through his lines , and he would have the script pages with him so then when we would say , " Roll ! " he was nowhere where the camera operator could find him in frame . Basically , I just started rolling the camera all the time , telling everybody : " We don 't know what 's going to happen , but it will be good . " The only way to get a full-speed rehearsal is to roll film . It was a thing Chris had about that . Did you always have a sequel in mind because , of course , at the end of Back to the Future Doc Brown comes back in the car ? No . I 've said in this other documentary if we were planning for a sequel , I wouldn 't have put the girl in the car . - The ending was a joke . - It was a joke . It was a joke : " Something 's got to be done about your kids . " We had no idea whether this movie would make a dime . We would have been happy if it had just barely broke even because our other movies lost money . We didn 't know that anybody would have any interest in seeing this picture . The characters go riding off into the sunset . That 's the end of the movie . What were you looking for when you were casting the role of Biff ? Interestingly , there 's a character in the gang with a crewcut who 's credited as " Skinhead . " His name is J.J. Cohen . He was somebody we were very seriously considering to play Biff . He came in and just knocked us out . He didn 't have the physical presence . Playing against Eric Stoltz you would have never believed that he could push Eric Stoltz around . If Michael J. Fox had been in the movie at that time J.J. Cohen might have ended up being Biff , because he would have been four or five inches taller than him . We wanted somebody that had a real physical presence and Tom Wilson is a big guy . Absolutely nothing like the character of Biff . Just the sweetest , most gentle guy in the world . He says that when he was a kid , he got picked on and that 's where he drew his inspiration for what he did . Can you make comments about Lea Thompson and working with her on the film ? Lea was just so great and wonderful and sweet and she did everything she was told and never gave us any problems . Like a dream . She would just work and do it perfect every take . She was just absolutely fantastic . We can 't tell great Lea Thompson stories ... Because there are none . She was a director 's dream . Always on time , always knew her lines . Always did it right . Actually , something we should talk about is that one of the important decisions that we made in the movie was using young actors to play themselves old . At the time , there were executives that thought maybe we should find actors that looked like them to play them older . We went through quite a lot of makeup tests to prove that it could be done this way . Normally , certainly at that time this wasn 't done . You didn 't take an 18-year-old or 22-year-old actor , and put makeup on them and make them look like they were 47 . So we did a lot of extensive makeup tests with Ken Chase , we hired . He 'd done all the prosthetic makeup on Roots . Ken always told us that it would have been easier for him if he were making these 18-year-olds look like they were 75 instead of 45 . Then he could have put full makeup on all over their face but he had to create these appliances so the actual face of the actor would be able to move , and everybody didn 't look like they had too much Botox . It 's a tribute to all the cast that they were able to create things in their performance that made you buy them at age 47 . It wasn 't just the makeup , it was their posture and their body language and their wardrobe , of course . Can you tell us about working with Dean Cundey , your director of photography and Larry Paull , the production designer on Back to the Future ? I had worked with both Dean and Larry on Romancing the Stone , and got along with them great . The design of the movie , basically ... The thing we started with was the town square . We wanted to make this cynical statement about what it used to look like , and what it looks like now . That was a lot of fun to do and to be able to just take it from there . We actually considered shooting that on location , remember ? - Right . - We scouted Petaluma . We went to Petaluma , which is where Joe Dante made Explorers which came out a couple weeks before our movie did in 1985 . It had this great look to it , but when we started realizing all the headaches we would have trying to change the light fixtures , the street lighting everything , every business that had to be bought out to change a modern-day town and take it back 30 years ... It ended up that it was pointless to do anything except shoot it on the back lot . In terms of the car Michael J. Fox talks about how demonic that car was . Do you have any memories about how difficult it was to work with it as a prop ? Oh , yeah , it was a terrible car . The frame is plastic . They had a four-cylinder Volvo engine in that model DeLorean . It didn 't have any pickup at all . It was impossible to shoot around . We had to cut one apart because it was too small to get a camera in . So all the scenes that we have inside the DeLorean , where Michael is sitting in there and driving it were a process done on the stage . We actually had to cut the car apart so we could pull the back wall out and get the camera in there . Yes , but all movie cars are like that . As soon as you bring a picture car on the set , it just doesn 't start . Or it runs out of gas . It never fails . It 's just one of those curses . I 've never had it not happen . One of the problems that we had a lot was and nobody would have ever thought of this one we 'd be shooting outside on the back lot , and at night it got cold out there . It was winter when we were shooting it . The way that the DeLorean gull-wing doors stayed up was there were these little gas-jet things , like you use to open up a door . When we left the door open for a while the gas would condense in the cold and the door would start to drop down in the middle of a take . Finally , in between takes , we had the special effects crew out there with portable hair dryers and they were in there heating up those valves heating up that gas so that the car door would stay open through an entire take . ILM did the special visual effects for all three movies . Obviously , they were in their early days at the time you made the first picture . I was just wondering if you had any concern at the time about some of the visual effects that had to be done to the picture . There 's no digital work . Everything was optical . There 's only about 30 shots in the whole movie . Everyone sees it as a big special effects movie , but there weren 't that many shots . In those days , everything had to be a lock-off . They had this little Vista Vision camera that could only run a minute of film . That was real old-fashioned optical stuff from the early days of Star Wars . That 's what everything was . The car at the end was a miniature that they made move just like they did the spaceships in Star Wars on an articulated arm . They had a motion-controlled camera they had up at ILM with a green screen and a blue screen . Just all the old optical work . We never saw a decent optical until about a week before the picture had to be turned over to negative cutting . We were terrified , because this was the first time we 'd ever worked with ILM . We would get these comps down , and they would be terrible . Bob would have these frantic conversations with Ken Ralston about why this didn 't look right , and why this didn 't look right and would it even be possible to get it in time . ILM did . There 's the one shot that still doesn 't work Ken just couldn 't get the one where you see his eye through his hand . That 's the imperfection that we put in there for ... We didn 't want to insult Allah . It 's a movie , so it 's perfect enough . ILM worked on all three movies . Obviously , when Back to the Future was made , they were in their earlier days . I 'm wondering if you had any concerns about some of the work that had to be done in the movie , in terms of visual effects . In the shots of Chris on the clock tower , you can see the cable on his harness . Which would be an insult if I paid $ 9 to go see Spiderman and I actually saw a cable in the shot . There 's no excuse for that now . But , in those days , there was no way to remove it . That was the best-played piece of performance . This movie would be so easy to make now . Can you imagine how I would have done the town square ? I would have just painted it in . I would 've had huge buildings . And then , when I went back to the ' 80s , it would 've been so completely different . I wouldn 't have had to do it all physically . I could have made it better , if I had digital technology . Movies have always been this technical thing . It all , ultimately , comes back to the script and the imagination of the filmmaker . The digital stuff is just a tool . Being a director and a screenwriter was there a particular scene that you were excited about going in and directing ? Did that scene come out exactly the way you had imagined it ? I just couldn 't believe how lucky I was on the day we shot Michael walking into the town square for the first time , because I had those great cumulus clouds in the sky . If I was doing the movie today , I just would have painted all those in . The sky would have looked perfect . But it was , " I can 't believe ... " ... how lucky we were to have that sky . " - That was a great thing . - So , you have those , or there 's millions of times in this movie , where the actor will do something you never imagined , and you go , " Wow ! " I never thought I 'd ever see an actor do a reading like that , or hear that . " Those are the gems . But , as far as my work , it 's always just compromise . It 's always less than I ever imagined it . I always have to go in and say : " We 'll piece this together . We 'll figure out a way to make it work , somehow . " If we had another day , it could have really been great . " That 's how I come away from everything . In this movie , we did have the unusual circumstance of actually getting to redo a couple of those scenes . We did make them a little bit better . They were also angst-ridden , because once you go back , you feel you 're compelled to make it better . That 's why , any time you re-shoot , it 's always a pain because you 're going , " Oh , no . I 've got to make it better now . " There 's nothing worse than re-shooting . Michael J. Fox would go crazy because we 'd have these conversations , " When we did this scene before ... " He 'd go , " Damn it . I never did this scene before . " Some scenes I shot exactly the way I shot it with Eric . Completely , camera in the same place . Other times , I was able to go back and say : " We can improve this by doing this . " And the best thing is , you get to ... The advantage of going back and redoing stuff , is you know what you don 't need . " Let 's not waste our time doing that . " That wide-angle , we 're never going to use it . " So that was helpful . Can you comment on the editing of the film ? Was it as frantic as the shooting , in terms of schedule and are there any deleted scenes ? I was coming into the editing room about two hours before the call . So I 'd go and I 'd edit , and then I 'd ... Because we were shooting nights , I 'd edit , then I 'd go see dailies and then I 'd start to work . I think the editing rooms were trailers near the back lot . Toward the end , I 'd just get in a golf cart and zip over and they 'd look at it . Look at a scene , give them my notes . We had to put two editors on , because we had to have this accelerated release . Because , when did we wrap ? We wrapped , I think , on April 20 . - And the movie came out on ... - July 3 . So nine and a half weeks from when we wrapped , the movie was in the theater . This movie ruined postproduction schedules in Hollywood . Because nobody thought this was even possible . And at the point when we changed actors Universal was resigned to the fact that the movie probably wouldn 't come out until the middle of August now . So , we were kind of thinking that we 'd have a release date in the middle of August . And then we had this dynamite sneak preview . And Mr. Sheinberg sees the movie with this audience and they go nuts . And the visual effects weren 't finished and the last shot was in black and white . It was still rough . But the audience just got it , and got it big time . And he pulled us aside , and he said : " Is it possible ? What will we have to do ... " ... to get this movie out for the Fourth of July weekend ? " And we said , " Write some checks . " And he said , " Okay , whatever it costs , do it . " And we actually had sound crews working 24 hours a day . In the Hitchcock Theater , where we were doing the mix we had a pre-dub crew working the graveyard shift . They 'd start work at 8 : 00 p. m . And go home at 7 : 00 a. m . And then we 'd come in at 8 : 00 a . M and mix the picture with the tracks that they had pre-dubbed the night before . So that was insane . Bob Gale , can you tell us a little more about those sneak previews ? Any surprises after the first one ? The first sneak preview ... We had two sneak previews . The first one was in San Jose , and we didn 't invite the studio to that one . One of the advantages of having Steven Spielberg as your executive producer is you can close the door on people that you don 't want there . We didn 't want their feedback yet . We didn 't want the studio to give their feedback . We wanted to hear what the audience had to say . One of the things that ... The movie had gotten no publicity . Back then , there was no Internet , there was no advance word about anything . Here we had a recruited audience that only knew they were seeing a movie that had Michael J. Fox , who they knew from Family Ties and Christopher Lloyd from Taxi and it was a comedy , and they didn 't even know what it was about . They didn 't even know it was about time travel . So when the DeLorean came out of the truck , they didn 't know what it was . And , I remember , when Doc does his time-travel experiment with Einstein and the car and the dog disappear . This very nervous thing happened in the audience where people thought that something bad might have happened to that dog . They were real worried about that . There was a big sigh of relief when the dog comes back and he 's okay . And I remember that the point in that screening where they got it was when Marty sees his father in the cafe in that scene where Biff and those guys come in and start harassing : " Hey , McFly . " At that point , you knew they were totally with it and they completely went with it . We cut six or seven minutes out of the picture after that screening . And that was the last time that ever happened . That people didn 't know it was a time-travel movie . Once they knew it was a time-travel movie and the word got out it was about a kid who meets his parents a lot of the stuff at the beginning played differently than it did with a completely cold audience . And , of course , no one was ever again worried about the dog . Can you tell us a little bit about Steven Spielberg ? What is he like to work with on a day-to-day basis in production and postproduction ? Was he very hands-on ? With me , Steven 's great . Steven 's a director , so he doesn 't ask you to do insane things . He 's always respected my vision as a director . I can 't speak for other directors , but for me he 's never meddled in the process anywhere . Tell them the story about how Steven was so concerned about the score . - Remember that ? - For this movie ? No . Bob had worked with Al Silvestri on Romancing the Stone . And Steven wasn 't that enamored with the score of Romancing the Stone . And he made no bones about making that clear . And he thought we needed somebody who could do a more John Williams kind of a score . And he was always paranoid about what the score was going to be . So , in that first preview we had a mixture of temp music and we 'd had the first two days of scoring . So we had some of the real score cut into the movie . So one of Al 's cues came on during the sneak and Steven says to Bob , " That 's what your score should sound like . " And Bob said , " That is the score , Steven . " Yeah , right , I remember that . Steven 's always trying to do what 's right for you and the movie . And you just have to sometimes ... You just have to cherry-pick his ideas . Because sometimes he 'll have really good ideas and sometimes he 's not making the movie you 're making . So , it 's like he 's just another opinion in the mix . Bob has a theory . He says : " If one person says something , that 's their opinion . " If two people say the same thing , probably millions of people will agree . " So , if one person said , " I don 't like that " and somebody else said , " I like that , I didn 't like this " and there 's a difference of opinion about everything we 'd just shrug our shoulders and say , " Let 's not worry about that . " But if two or three people kept saying : " That thing where Biff does this really bothers me . " Then we 'd look at that and say , " Maybe there 's a problem with that . " Did you guys have any concerns , and what was the reaction before the movie came out ? We had two previews in theaters and one on the studio lot . There was a controversy about that , too , because they had just built the Hitchcock Theater and supposedly it was cursed . Meaning that any movie that ever played in the Hitchcock ... " If the movie is a comedy , never play it at the Hitchcock ... " ... because nothing plays in the Hitchcock Theater . " Everything we ever screened there is ... " I remember Sid got up and said ... We turned to him , and we said , " So much for the curse of the Hitchcock Theater . " And Sid says , " The curse of the Hitchcock Theater has been shitty movies . " Right . And the other thing was , we developed the original screenplay at Columbia . And Steven originally developed E.T. At Columbia . So when the lights came on after Sid saw the movie , he said : " I get the best stuff from Columbia Pictures ! " It was something like that . So , anyway the previews ... I remember that I got incredibly , almost paralyzed with fear when I had all these good previews . Because I understood that the movies I Wanna Hold Your Hand and Used Cars also had tremendous previews . And it didn 't mean anything . It 's two different worlds . There are so many wonderful movies that are made and they 're great , and they work , but nobody wants to go see them . So I was really terrified that they weren 't going to be able to open this movie . I was just terrified that the movie might not find its audience . But then , I also remember that I didn 't like the TVspots . And I realized on making this movie that that 's an art form that I don 't understand and I should just butt out of the marketing because I forget who it was , but whoever cut the TVspot ... Every single piece of marketing material had that one line of Michael Fox 's in there where he said : " Are you telling me that my mother has the hots for me ? " And I thought the way you sell this movie is with all my effects and my action . But they saw the movie and they said , " This is what the spot should be . " And that one line was in everything , and there was something about that . They understood that that 's what people would come in for . Seeing Michael J. Fox say that was the whole campaign . For me , the first time that I thought maybe we might have something happening was ... We shot the exterior of the high school stuff down at Whittier High School . And one night , we were shooting the dance stuff and word got out that Michael J. Fox was in this movie and suddenly we had kids lined up seven-deep , trying to catch a glimpse of Michael J. Fox . That never happened to us before on any movie we 'd done and we said , " Wow ! This guy 's really a star . " We didn 't realize how big a star you can be from being in a hit TVseries . And Michael was unavailable to do any promotion . I remember that , because Sid was angry about that . " So we 've got the star of this movie , and we can 't even put him on TV ! " Because Michael on top of anything else , with Family Ties they decided they were going to shoot an entire season in Europe . - Like Family Ties Goes to Europe . - Goes to London . Yeah . And that was the summer the movie opened . So Michael wasn 't around to A : Enjoy all the insanity of the success of the movie and B : He wasn 't around to promote the movie . He just kept hearing on the phone that the movie 's a success . Do you remember good reviews ? Bad reviews ? Were you concerned about reviews or even paying attention ? The reviews ? No . There were some ... We got a lot of good reviews but some people didn 't like it . That 's what makes the world go round . If you start worrying about that , you can really make yourself insane . I remember Steve Martin , I saw him do an interview once where he said : " The critics who ... " ... give my movies good reviews are insightful , wonderful , genius people ... " ... and those who give my movies bad reviews are worthless scum . " At what point did you guys realize that not only did you have a hit but you had a mega hit ? And how did it change your life and career ? Second weekend , the box-office gross was higher than the opening weekend . You don 't see that anymore . When the movie was released , we were only in 1,100 or 1,200 theaters . And I think our opening box-office gross was $ 10 million for the weekend which was big . And , in fact , that summer , 11 out of 12 weeks from when the movie was released , it was the number one movie in America . One weekend we got knocked out by National Lampoon some National Lampoon movie . Our big concern was that we were going to get clobbered by the Mad Max Road Warrior , Beyond the Thunderdome . - Right . - I remember . Oh , that was going to be it . And we rolled right over them . So we were really excited about that . What 's interesting about this movie was I went to a couple of theaters to watch it play with the public . And people , when Michael got back and he did that thing with his family ... Everyone assumed that the movie was over , and some people started to leave and then they would come running back in because the movie was still going . Because we had so many different endings on this movie that people were trying to guess the endings , and , of course , they were wrong . Can you explain how you stay in tune with the popular culture , what 's going on ? Is that awareness important to you and is it part of your creative process ? The awareness is that it 's a constant sort of anxiety and fear because you don 't know why it is , and when it 's going to go away . And you look around and see it happening to other filmmakers all over the place . And the landscape of everything is changing so dramatically . But I just keep asking myself the two questions which are : " Do I want to go see this movie ? " And , " Do I think anybody else wants to go see it ? " Because that 's the best I can do , and it 's really out of my control . We find that if you try to second-guess the audience too much you 're going to shoot yourself in the head . There 's plenty of movies where you see that somebody in the studio is saying , " Oh , this is hot right now . " We 've got to put Britney Spears in a movie . " Or whoever it is . Whoever 's hot , or whatever the big thing is has to be in the movie . And it 's a bad idea because it 's not true to somebody 's vision . Yeah , one studio executive , when we were trying to make this movie going back to the early days , you know again , I won 't mention his name , but he said : " Look . Time-travel movies never work . " They just don 't work . " That 's what he said . The Back to the Future trilogy was a huge success , of course . I 'm wondering if there were any times where you had creative differences when you were working together on the films . We truly respect each other 's talent and opinion . What happens when we 'll have a difference of opinion about something instead of believing that one of us is right and the other one is wrong I 'll say , " What is it about this that bothers you ? " He 'll start explaining it , so that I can try to get inside his head and figure it out . Generally what would happen is that we would come up with something brand-new that was better than what my original idea was or what his idea was . That 's true collaboration . You get a synthesis and instead of two plus two equals four , it equals eight . There is something about that , that I think a movie like Back to the Future which is a movie that really benefits from the writers being a team . When you have a collaboration like mine and Bob 's , whatever that is because it does work . Another thing that it has is there 's no ego involved . When one of us comes up with a great idea the other person says , " That 's a really great idea . " That goes right into the script . Why I think it 's good for pop movies like this is because we 're able to temper each other 's own indulgences . So we don 't get self-indulgent , like you can when you 're writing . You don 't have somebody there killing your darlings or calling you on it . It gets very self-indulgent . You say , " This scene is going on forever . Cut this stuff out . " You 're making mass entertainment so you might as well be collaborating . It 's not something that 's like a poem where it 's supposed to be just your emotional vision . - Your vision . You 're already bringing in actors and technicians , and all these other people to help you realize a vision , so all filmmaking is collaborative , all the way through . Bring each other into it , and bring the audience in that way . At the end of the day , we want the movie to work for an audience . What 's the point if nobody 's going to go see it ? Or if they go see it and they don 't get it ? Make sure that they get it . Can you tell us about the music , how you went about choosing it not just the score , but also the actual songs . Huey Lewis and the News was such a big part of the movie . Johnny B. Goode was always in the original script . There was no second choice . It had to be Johnny B. Goode . That turned out to be the most expensive piece of music in the movie . We were thinking , " We 've got a movie that 's got ... " ... teens in it . We 've got to have a record on the radio . " From the beginning , we knew we wanted to have a signature song that we could get on the radio . Alan said , " You 've got to hear this guy , Huey Lewis . " Al Silvestri . And I said , " Okay . " I didn 't know . The Sports album had just come out . We called them , and they were very enthusiastic to get involved . They wrote a song that wasn 't right . I brought Huey into the editing room and I showed him the cut scene . This was during this insane postproduction . I think I cut I Want a New Drug to it . Just to give him an idea , when Michael blasts out of the Doc 's thing on a skateboard . Huey said , " I get this . You want a major song . We 've got to do a song in a major key . " That was it . He went off and wrote Power of Love . I remember when Neil Canton called me , and he said : " I just found out Power of Love , " this is two weeks before the movie came out ... " ... is going on the radio in heavy rotation . " I said , " Great . " We had to send all the field people out to all the radio stations to remind them to say : " From the movie Back to the Future . " The studio always wants the song to be the title of the movie . Huey Lewis said , " I can 't work that way . I 've got to just write the song ... " ... that is going to be right for it . " Then he decided to write the second song . We only asked him to write one . They wrote the second song , and we put that in there . I think it was the only number one single that Huey ever did . It was some big breakthrough record for these guys , even after the album . And it got nominated for an Academy Award . It was great . All the DJs were saying , " From the movie Back to the Future . " It was just one of those things where all the synergy all came together . The plan came together . Bob Zemeckis , I was wondering if you could tell us how you feel about the movie , looking back at it today . Other than there being some sloppy stuff in the movie from a technical standpoint . I was watching that early remote head and I hadn 't seen this movie on the big screen since it came out . I 'm sitting there and I 'm watching in the dance scene , we had this terrible remote head called the " hot head , " and you could see it jerking . I 'm going , " Oh , man . " Nowadays , all that stuff is perfect . I don 't know if I 'd be doing this comedy that broad kind of comedy . Maybe , if the script is right , maybe I will . I don 't know . - It 's a pretty good movie , actually . - It 's pretty good . I don 't know if we 've grown as screenwriters from this . This is the best thing we 've ever written . It 's a pretty terrific screenplay . We 're always flattered that we hear it 's used in classes , as a quintessential example of how you set stuff up , and how you pay it off . All that stuff works . Those are tried and true rules of storytelling , and we made them work . That 's the nice thing of having the writers be the filmmakers when the director totally gets the script because he wrote it . We start talking about Sid Sheinberg a lot . When the movie came out , he said , " That screenplay is like a Swiss watch . " He 's right . There is not a single frame of that movie that isn 't doing what they told us we 're supposed to do in film school : Advance plot or character . It 's really economical , this movie . Can you discuss the deleted scenes that were in the movie and were taken out prior to the release ? God , I don 't remember . I know what they are , because we pulled them out to put them on the DVD . The Darth Vader scene was a whole lot longer . - Right . But that was just shortened . - That was shortened . That was two minutes longer . Everything was pretty much lifts . There was a scene where Doc Brown in the ' 50s , opens up the suitcase that we see him put in there . He 's going through all of his personal belongings and he wants to know , " What 's this thing ? " And he pulls out this hairdryer . He 's got this fixation on underwear , so he pulls out this pair of underpants and he 's disappointed that they 're cotton and that the underwear of the future isn 't made out of paper . We had a little scene where as a stall to get George McFly out to the car the kid in the red hair that cuts in at the dance , locks him in a phone booth . When he looks at the clock , to see what time it is he decides he 'd better be sure and calls the time and temperature to find out exactly what time it is and ends up being locked in the phone booth . That turned out to be a scene that we didn 't need . How 'd he get out ? We showed Strickland coming over and saying : " See what happens to slackers , McFly ? " We filmed them letting him out , but we didn 't ever use it . You 'd see him come out and knew that Strickland must have let him out . This is how dangerous it is , how you can get so self-destructive . We almost cut the whole Johnny B. Goode scene out of the movie . - Do you remember this ? - Yes . It was the eleventh hour , and it was because of this thing : It 's the only place in the movie where the storyline stops . For Michael to do this performance . I actually had Artie lift it , and I looked at the movie without it and it worked okay , and then Artie , my editor , said : " Why don 't we leave it in for the preview ? " These things are scary , what happens . You lose your focus , and you 're thinking : " Maybe I should make the movie shorter . " And , " It doesn 't advance anything . " It 's fun to watch this , but ... " Once the audience went crazy , then , you know . It 's really a shame that we can 't preview anymore , because previews are so important . You can 't because the movie is reviewed on the Internet the next hour . It 's a terrible tool that 's been destroyed . It 's so important to be able to do that . One of the end sequences , with Doc in the car , uses fusion . It is a contemporary concept now , but how did you know about it then ? Fuel cells . We knew about that . We read about that . Fusion was something that everybody 's been experimenting with . I think about six or eight months after the movie came out was when those scientists in Utah claimed that they had figured out cold fusion . That was all over the news for four or five months , until nobody could replicate those experiments . It turned out they didn 't know what they were doing . We actually got a letter from the Defense Department when the movie came out . They wanted to know what we knew about fusion power . - Very scary , kids . - The government , that 's how it works . The sneak previews went pretty well , and , obviously there was great potential for the movie , but were you still concerned somehow that the movie would lose money and not turn a profit ? It 's the studio 's money , and the way we rationalize it is , we say : " The studio has decided that it 's worth ... " ... $ 20 million to them to make this movie . " We 're going to realize it as best we can but they pushed the button and said we 're going to write this check against this movie and hope that it works . Otherwise , you 'd drive yourself crazy . You have better odds if you took your $ 20 million , went to Las Vegas and put the $ 20 million on the come line at the crap table . Your odds are better than making money on a movie . That 's the business we 've chosen , so there 's nothing we can do . We have to do this gambling . You have a little more control , because you do actually make the movie yourself . But , as far as the odds of what movies make money and what movies don 't most movies actually lose money . Bob Zemeckis , at the time you were developing this screenplay your name was attached to the project as director . Was that a plus in getting the project made ? Before I made Romancing the Stone , it was a hindrance and after I made Romancing the Stone , it was a help . But the script was the same . The script was the same , but nobody ever read the script and said : " We 'd like to give this script to this other director to make . " Because nobody liked the script . All these rejection letters that Bob has in his archives we got 42 or 44 of them from studios and different producers . It wasn 't like anybody was calling us up and saying : " I 'll do anything to make that script Back to the Future . " There wasn 't anybody that was interested . That wasn 't a decision that we ever had to wrestle with . Bob was going to direct the movie , end of conversation . Before Romancing the Stone , I was getting the worst possible reputation which is : His movies are good , but they don 't make any money . Man , that was the kiss of death . Bob Zemeckis , you mentioned earlier that you noticed a few flaws in the movie things that the average viewer would not catch . What is your take on that ? That 's just me seeing all the little flaws . That 's the way it is . I look at movies that I love and I think they 're perfect . Then I talk to the filmmakers and they don 't know what I 'm talking about . It 's always the same in all the arts . A painter will look at his painting and he 'll look at that tree limb that he never got right . That 's the only thing he 'll focus on . When everybody else is looking at the whole canvas , saying , " What a great painting . " I don 't think you 'll ever find a director that will say , " I made the perfect movie . " If they do say that , the movie is probably a complete piece of junk . At the end of Back to the Future Marty returns to a new and improved 1985 . Was it always written that way ? Yeah . It was 1985 . You 've got to look at that ending in historical context . It was a very ' 80s ending . The fact that things changed for the better as a result of his actions , was always something that ... It 's the story of a kid who teaches his father how to be a man . Yes , but things changed for the better , they were material things . They were possessions . He had a truck . His father had a BMW . But his father is a successful author . Come on . Yeah , but it was the ' 80s . It 's interesting . There were a couple of reviews that came out of Europe that keyed in on the blatant idea that how can these filmmakers equate this kind of happiness with material possessions ? But not a single critic , that I remember , talked about it in America . There 's a lot of product placement in the movie . Was this meant to be a direct slam against the materialistic attitude that we had in the ' 80s ? In terms of creating an image of the past one of the ways that you create the past is through brand names . We made a conscious effort to find products that had a different logo in the past so that we could use those . It used to be , in the ' 60s or the ' 70s they 'd make a movie , and a car would pull into a gas station and there would be no name on the gas station . We would say , " That 's ridiculous . It has to be ... " Somebody owns that gas station . It 's some brand of gasoline . " Put the brand in there , that makes it real . There was a product placement department at the studio that had just gotten started and they were trying to cram all kinds of stuff at us . We would nix anything that didn 't work too well . Shell gasoline , for example would have paid more for a placement than Texaco did but Shell didn 't change their logo . So Texaco was the perfect gas station because , how different a Texaco station looked in the ' 50s , compared to the ' 80s . The same with Pepsi versus Coke . A Coke bottle in the ' 50s and a Coke bottle in the ' 80s were the same but a Pepsi logo was completely different . When we talk about the sequels , we 'll tell you all the product placement horror stories . Nobody cares about product placement until they know the movie is going to be a hit . That 's one problem with sequels . There is one story I 've got to tell you . The product placement department hired this real sleazy guy . A lot of these product placement guys are sleazy because they try to figure out how to graft these corporations and make these ridiculous promises . So he made this deal with the California Raisin Board that Back to the Future was going to do for raisins what E. T. Did for Reese 's Pieces . They came to me with this proposal to put raisins in the movie . I 'm saying , " What brand ? Sun-Maid Raisins ? " No . Just raisins . " Can 't you have a bowl of raisins at the dance ? " I 'm going , " A bowl of raisins looks like a bowl of dirt . " How is that going to photograph ? " If we can 't put a brand name somewhere ... They had taken $ 50,000 from the California Raisin Board for this placement that wasn 't going to happen in the movie . Finally , what we gave them was the bum on the bench in 1985 , when the DeLorean comes back at the end it says " California Raisins " on that bus bench . That was what came out of that deal . When the California Raisin Board saw it , they were livid . I didn 't realize at the time they 'd already actually paid the money . They told the studio they were going to sue them and the lawyer at the studio called me and asked me about it . I said , " You 'd better settle and give them back their money ... " ... because I 'd be happy to be a witness for them . " Because of the way they 'd just tried to force this on us , and we weren 't going to do it . So the California Raisin Board ended up not paying for that exposure . The lesson I learned on this , in the subsequent sequels was never do product placement . Ever . Anymore . The only real way to do product placement is to get permission and then get cooperation . If you 're going to do Texaco , and they give you signs and uniforms and stuff , that you don 't have to make . That 's the only way . I never take money anymore , because you 've got another creative person . - You 've got another producer that 's saying , " What am I getting for my money ? " Product placement just isn 't worth it . You 've touched on it throughout this whole discussion , but I 'm just wondering if you could tell us what was your favorite part of making this film . My favorite part of making this film was writing it . The actual making of the movie , I don 't remember any good times . Seeing the movie work when it was finally put up on the screen that was a thrill . But the actual shooting of the movie was just survival . It was cold . I remember never having enough sleep , always being half-asleep . I was the most unhealthy I ever was when I made this movie . I was the fattest , and the most out of shape and sick that I ever was , making this movie . So , I guess , the writing and the finishing were the favorite parts . And the actual shooting was just survival . I think the best moment I had on the set was Michael J. Fox 's first day . When he walked in front of the camera and he started doing the scene and I just felt , " Thank God . That 's Marty McFly . " It 's gonna work now . It 's gonna work . " Kind of along the same lines , about your expectations with the actors you said you were very happy with the performances . But would you say that they exceeded your expectations ? Yeah , they 're brilliant . This is one of those movies where everybody is on the same page . Once Michael came into the movie , it was like everything just gelled together . Everybody just got the tone of what the humor of this movie should be . All the performances around Michael were better . Lea was fine with Eric Stoltz , and Chris was fine , but when Michael J. Fox was working with them , it just supercharged it . It just went into the stratosphere . If you talk to actors , they 'll talk about give and take and how important it is to be playing a scene with somebody that gives back something for them to work from . And that was always what was happening . I would say , honestly , they 're better than I thought they could ever be . I 've been fortunate to work with so many great actors that it 's always better than I ever imagined . It really is . It really , truly is . How much control did you have over the final cut ? That 's the final cut . You know , I 've never had any of these final cut problems . Never , ever , once in my entire career have I ever had to have a struggle over the cut of the picture . Now , of course , I contractually have final cut in everything that I do . But even in the early days I didn 't have final cut , but nobody wanted to tamper with it . You know , I really believe that most studio executives don 't want to do the filmmaker 's work . And it becomes more of a personality clash than it has anything to do with the movie when you have these issues about final cut . I 've never had anyone ever try to take the movie away on any movie I 've ever made . Are you making any changes to the movie for the DVD ? Taking out , for example , the wires that you mentioned . The ones we see in the clock tower scene . Nope . I hate that . I don 't think you should ever do that . That would be like ... That 's like colorizing a movie , a black-and-white movie . - It is what it is . - Warts and all . I don 't get this adding scenes back in and re-cutting the movie . I don 't get that at all . It should be the way it was . At that moment in time , this is the movie and this is the way it was , and that , I think , is what it 's supposed to be . For those of you that have only seen the movie on home video on the video it says , " To be continued " at the end . You didn 't see that here . That was never on the theatrical release . It won 't be on the DVD . We only put that on the video as a way of telling the world that there was going to be a sequel . So , if anybody says , " That 's different , " nope . The film that you saw was a new print made from the original elements . It 's been re-mastered in hi-def and it looks absolutely great . I supervised the video transfer . But it is the movie that you just saw . Is the trailer for ill going to be on the end of II ? Yes . And the only thing that 's different about that is that at the end of that trailer it said , originally , " Coming summer 1990 . " And now it doesn 't say , " Coming summer 1990 . " If you could travel in time , where would you go ? It depends . If I could come back I would go to the future . I mean , I would go to the past . But if I could only go one way , I would go to the future . And Bob Gale ? Where would you go ? Maybe I 'd go back and see what my parents were like in high school . That would certainly be about the most interesting thing I can think of . Can you tell us who were some of your major influences when you were making this movie ? Any other writers , directors , that truly inspired you ? The classic American directors . I mean , I think that the main influences on this movie are definitely you know , Frank Capra and Billy Wilder . Throw a little John Ford in there when you start getting into the sequels . But I 'd say it 's more like a Billy Wilder movie more than anything . Maybe ? But those are the filmmakers that we love . The classic American filmmakers . I think we 're gonna end on that note . Robert Zemeckis , Bob Gale , thank you so much for your time . This was really , truly an amazing experience . Thanks so much , everybody . Thank you . [ Clocks ticking ] ANNOUNCER : October is inventory time . So right now , Statler Toyota is making the best deals of the year on all 1985-model Toyotas . You won 't find a better car at a better price with better service anywhere in Hill Valley . NEWSCASTER : The Senate is expected to vote on this today . In other news , officials at the Pacific Nuclear research facility have denied the rumor that a case of missing plutonium was in fact stolen from their vault two weeks ago . A Libyan terrorist group had claimed responsibility for the alleged theft . However , officials now attribute the discrepancy to a simple clerical error . The FBI , which is investigating the matter , had no comment . [ Buzzer blares ] MARTY : Doc ? Doc ? Hello ! Anybody home ? Einstein , come here , boy . [ Marty whistles ] MARTY : What 's going on ? God . Jesus ! That is disgusting . [ Marty muttering ] [ Clocks ticking ] [ Machine humming ] [ Humming grows louder ] [ Humming grows very loud ] [ Dial clicking ] [ Electric guitar note plays ] [ Marty grunts ] [ Marty groaning ] Rock ' n ' roll . [ Alarm bell ringing ] MARTY : Yo . DOC : Marty , is that you ? Doc . Where are you ? DOC : Thank God I 've found you . Meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1 : 15 . I made a breakthrough . I 'll need your assistance . 1 : 15 in the morning ? Doc , what 's going on ? MARTY : Where you been all week ? DOC : Working . MARTY : Is Einstein with you ? DOC : Yeah , he 's right here . You left your equipment on all week . DOC : My equipment . That reminds me , Marty . Do not hook up to the amplifier . There 's a slight possibility of overload . Yeah . I 'll keep that in mind . DOC : Good . I 'll see you tonight . Don 't forget . DOC : 1 : 15 a.m. , Twin Pines Mall . MARTY : Right . [ Clocks all ringing , chiming , cuckooing ] DOC : Are those my clocks I hear ? MARTY : Yeah , it 's 8 : 00 . DOC : Perfect ! My experiment worked ! They 're all exactly 25 minutes slow ! Wait a minute , Doc . Are you telling me that it 's 8 : 25 ? DOC : Precisely . MARTY : Damn ! I 'm late for school . [ The Power of Love playing ] MARTY : Jennifer . JENNIFER : Strickland 's looking for you . If you get caught , it 'll be four tardies in a row . All right , come on . I think we 're safe . This time it wasn 't my fault . The doc set all his clocks 25 minutes slow . The doc ? Am I to understand you 're still hanging around with Dr. Emmett Brown , McFly ? Tardy slip for you , Miss Parker . And one for you , McFly . I believe that 's four in a row . Let me give you a nickel 's worth of free advice , young man . This so-called Dr. Brown is dangerous . He 's a real nutcase . Hang around with him , you 'll end up in big trouble . Yes , sir . You got a real attitude problem . You 're a slacker . You remind me of your father when he went here . He was a slacker , too . Can I go now , Mr. Strickland ? Your band is on the roster for the dance auditions after school today . Why even bother ? You don 't have a chance . You 're too much like your old man . No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley . Yeah , well , history is going to change . Next , please . [ Synthesizer playing ] All right . We 're the Pinheads . MARTY : One , two , three . [ Playing Power of Love ] Okay , that 's enough . Thank you , fellas . Hold it , fellas . I 'm afraid you 're just too darn loud . Next , please . Next group , please . ANNOUNCER : Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson . Progress is his middle name . MARTY : " Too loud . " I can 't believe it . We 'll never get a chance to play in front of anybody . Marty , one rejection isn 't the end of the world . I just don 't think I 'm cut out for music . But you 're really good , and your audition tape is great . You 've got to send it in to the record company . - It 's like Doc 's always saying . - I know . If you put your mind to it , you can accomplish anything . That 's good advice . All right . What if I send in the tape and they don 't like it ? What if they say I 'm no good ? What if they say , " You got no future " ? I can 't take that kind of rejection . I 'm starting to sound like my old man . - He 's not that bad . - Save the clock tower . He 's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night . Check out that 4x4 . MARTY : That is hot . ATTENDANT : Back her up . Someday , Jennifer . Someday . Wouldn 't it be great to take that truck up to the lake ? Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back . Lie out underneath the stars . - Stop it . - What ? Does your mom know ? About tomorrow night ? No , get out of town . My mom thinks I 'm going camping with the guys . My mother would freak out if she knew I was going with you . I 'd get the standard lecture about how she never did that stuff when she was a kid . Look , I think the woman was born a nun . She 's just trying to keep you respectable . She 's not doing a very good job . Terrible . WOMAN : Save the clock tower . Save the clock tower . Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock . Thirty years ago , lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn 't run since . We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved the way it is as part of our history and heritage . MARTY : There 's a quarter . WOMAN : Thanks . WOMAN : Don 't forget to take a flyer . Save the clock tower ! Where were we ? [ Car horn honks ] JENNIFER : Right about here . MAN : Jennifer ! It 's my dad . I 've got to go . MARTY : I 'll call you tonight . I 'll be at my grandma 's . Here , let me give you the number . 'Bye . [ Power of Love music playing ] [ Dog barking ] RADIO DISPATCHER : Bravo , Tango , Delta 6-2-9 . Tow for impoundment . Any unit , please respond . MARTY : Perfect . Just perfect . [ Biff speaking muffled ] BIFF : I can 't believe you 'd loan me your car without telling me it had a blind spot . I could 've been killed . Now , Biff , I never noticed that the car had any blind spot before when I would drive it . Hi , son . BIFF : Are you blind , McFly ? How else do you explain that wreck out there ? MR. MCFLY : Biff , can I assume that your insurance is going to pay for the damage ? My insurance ? It 's your car . Your insurance should pay . Who 's going to pay for this ? I spilled beer when the car smashed into me . Who 'll pay my cleaning bill ? And where 's my reports ? I haven 't finished those up yet , but I figured since they weren 't due ' til ... Hello ? Hello ? Anybody home ? Think , McFly . Think ! I got to have time to get them retyped . Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting ? I 'll get fired . You wouldn 't want that to happen , would you ? - Would you ? - Of course not . I wouldn 't want that to happen . Now , look . I 'll finish those reports tonight and I 'll run them on over first thing tomorrow . Not too early . I sleep in Saturday . Your shoe 's untied . Don 't be so gullible , McFly . Got the place fixed up nice . I have your car towed to your house and all you got for me is lite beer ? What are you looking at , butthead ? Say hi to your mom for me . I know what you 're going to say , son and you 're right . You 're right . But ... Biff just happens to be my supervisor and I 'm afraid I 'm just not very good at confrontations . But the car , Dad . [ Car driving away ] MARTY : I mean , he wrecked it . He totaled it . I needed that car tomorrow night , Dad . Do you have any idea how important this was to me ? MR. MCFLY : I know , and all I can say is , I 'm ... I 'm sorry . MR. MCFLY : Believe me , Marty , you 're better off without having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance . DAVID : He 's absolutely right . The last thing you need is headaches . [ Mr. McFly laughing ] [ David laughing ] [ TV audience applauding ] Kids , we 're going to have to eat this cake by ourselves . Your Uncle Joey didn 't make parole again . [ Mrs. McFly sighs ] It would be nice if you all dropped him a line . MARTY : Uncle " Jailbird " Joey ? He 's your brother , Mom . Yeah . It 's a major embarrassment , having an uncle in prison . We all make mistakes in life , children . DAVID : Goddamn it . I 'm late . MRS. MCFLY : David , watch your mouth ! You come here and kiss your mother before you go . Come on , Mom . Make it fast . I 'll miss my bus . DAVID : See you later , Pop . [ David exclaims ] Time to change that oil . [ Laughing ] LINDA : Marty . I 'm not your answering service . While you were outside pouting over the car Jennifer Parker called you twice . MRS. MCFLY : I don 't like her . Any girl who calls up a boy is just asking for trouble . LINDA : Mom . There 's nothing wrong with calling a boy . I think it 's terrible . Girls chasing boys . When I was your age , I never chased a boy or called a boy or sat in a parked car with a boy . LINDA : Then how am I ever supposed to meet anybody ? Well , it 'll just happen . Like the way I met your father . That was so stupid . Grandpa hit him with the car . It was meant to be . [ Linda sighs ] Anyway if Grandpa hadn 't hit him , then none of you would have been born . Yeah , well . I don 't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street . MRS. MCFLY : What was it , George ? Bird-watching ? What , Lorraine ? What ? Anyway , your Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house . He seemed so helpless . Like a little lost puppy , and my heart just went out to him . LINDA : Yeah , we know . You 've told us this story a million times . You felt sorry for him . You decided to go with him to the Fish Under the Sea dance . No . It was the Enchantment Under the Sea dance . Our first date . I 'll never forget it . It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm , remember , George ? [ Lndistinct chatter on TV ] Your father kissed me for the first time on that dance floor . It was then that I realized that I was going to spend the rest of my life with him . [ Mr. McFly laughing ] Oh , no . [ Music playing on radio ] [ Telephone ringing ] [ Sighing ] Hello . DOC : Marty , you didn 't fall asleep , did you ? MARTY : Doc . No . No , don 't be silly . DOC : Listen , this is very important . I forgot my video camera . Can you pick it up at my place on your way to the mall ? Yeah . I 'm on my way . Einstein ! Where 's the doc , boy ? [ Einstein whining ] [ Machine humming ] [ Gate unlocking ] [ Mysterious instrumental music ] [ Engine revving ] [ Dramatic instrumental music ] [ Steam rushing ] Doc ! - Marty ! You made it ! - Yeah . Welcome to my latest experiment . This is the one I 've been waiting for all my life . Well , it 's a DeLorean ... All your questions will be answered . Roll tape and we 'll proceed . - Is that a Devo suit ? - Never mind that now . DOC : Not now . MARTY : I 'm ready . Good evening . I 'm Dr. Emmett Brown . I 'm in the Twin Pines Mall parking lot . It 's Saturday morning , October 26 , 1985 , 1 : 18 a.m. This is temporal experiment number one . DOC : Come on , Einie . Get in there . In you go . Sit down . Put your seat belt on . [ Einstein grunting ] MARTY : Okay . Please note that Einstein 's clock is in precise synchronization with my control watch . DOC : Got it ? MARTY : Right . Check , Doc . DOC : Have a good trip , Einstein . Watch your head . MARTY : You got that thing hooked up to the car ? DOC : Watch this . MARTY : Yeah . Okay . MARTY : Got it . Jesus ! Not me ! The car ! [ Tires squealing ] [ Engine revving ] If my calculations are correct when this baby hits 88 miles per hour you 're going to see some serious shit . [ Remote control beeping ] [ Tires squealing ] [ Remote control beeping ] [ Tires squealing ] [ Remote control beeping ] [ Tires squealing ] Watch this ! [ Beeping growing faster ] [ Dramatic instrumental music ] [ Doc laughs ] What did I tell you ? 88 miles per hour ! The temporal displacement occurred exactly 1 : 20 a.m. And zero seconds ! Jesus Christ ! Jesus Christ , Doc ! You disintegrated Einstein ! Calm down . I didn 't disintegrate anything . The molecular structure of both Einstein and the car are completely intact . Then where the hell are they ? The appropriate question is , " When the hell are they ? " Einstein has just become the world 's first time traveler . DOC : I sent him into the future . One minute into the future , to be exact . At precisely 1 : 21 a.m. And zero seconds we shall catch up with him and the time machine . [ Dramatic instrumental music ends ] Wait a minute , Doc . Are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a DeLorean ? - The way I see it if you 're going to build a time machine into a car , why not do it with style ? Besides , the stainless-steel construction made the flux dispersal ... [ Watch beeping ] Look out ! [ Tires squealing ] [ Remote control beeps ] [ Time machine steaming and creaking ] [ Doc gasps ] MARTY : What ? Is it hot ? DOC : It 's cold . Damn cold . [ Doc laughing ] Einstein , you little devil ! Einstein 's clock is exactly one minute behind mine and still ticking ! MARTY : He 's okay . DOC : He 's fine . He 's completely unaware that anything happened . As far as he 's concerned , the trip was instantaneous . That 's why his watch is exactly one minute behind mine . He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time . I 'll show you how it works . First , you turn the time circuits on . [ Machine powering up ] [ Machine whirs ] DOC : This tells you where you 're going , this where you are and this where you were . Input your destination time on this keypad . Say you want to see the signing of the Declaration of Independence . [ Machine bleeps ] DOC : Or witness the birth of Christ . Here 's a red-letter date in the history of science . November 5 , 1955 . Yes , of course . November 5 , 1955 . What happened ? That was the day I invented time travel . I remember it vividly . I was standing on my toilet hanging a clock . The porcelain was wet . I slipped , hit my head on the sink . When I came to , I had a revelation . A vision . A picture in my head . A picture of this . This is what makes time travel possible . The flux capacitor . Flux capacitor ? It 's taken almost 30 years and my family fortune to realize the vision of that day . My God , has it been that long ? Things have certainly changed around here . I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see . Old man Peabody owned all of this . He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees . This is ... This is heavy-duty , Doc . This is great . Does it run on regular unleaded gasoline ? Unfortunately , no . It requires something with a little more kick . Plutonium . Plutonium . Wait a minute . Are you telling me that this sucker is nuclear ? Keep rolling there . No , this sucker 's electrical but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts of electricity I need . You don 't just walk into a store and buy plutonium . Did you rip that off ? Of course . From a group of Libyans . They wanted me to build them a bomb . I took the plutonium and gave them a bomb casing full of pinball machine parts . DOC : Come on . Let 's get you a radiation suit . MARTY : Jesus ! [ Breathing distorted by suit ] [ Sucking ] It 's safe now . Everything 's lead-lined . [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] DOC : Don 't lose those tapes now . I need that as a record . Let 's put this back here . There we go . Almost forgot my luggage . Who knows if they got cotton underwear in the future . - I 'm allergic to all synthetics . - The future . - That 's where you 're going . - Right . 25 years . I 've always dreamed of seeing the future , looking beyond my years seeing the progress of mankind . MARTY : Why not ? I 'll also be able to see who wins the next 25 World Series . MARTY : Doc . Look me up when you get there . Indeed I will . Roll ' em . [ Doc clearing throat ] I , Dr. Emmett Brown am about to embark on an historic journey . What am I thinking of ? I almost forgot to bring extra plutonium . How do I expect to get back ? One pellet , one trip . I must be out of my mind . [ Einstein barking ] What is it ? [ Ominous instrumental music ] My God . They found me . I don 't know how , but they found me . DOC : Run for it , Marty ! MARTY : Who ? Who do you think ? The Libyans ! [ Man shouting in Arabic ] Holy shit ! [ Gunshots firing ] I 'll draw their fire ! Doc , wait ! [ Doc screaming ] No ! Bastards ! [ Shouting in Arabic ] [ Grunting ] [ Gun clicking ] [ Swearing in Arabic ] [ Grunting ] Go ! [ Engine stalling ] Go ! [ Tires squealing ] [ Engine starting ] [ Tires squealing ] [ Machine beeping ] [ Gunshots firing and ricocheting ] [ Shouting ] Come on ! Move ! Goddamn it ! MARTY : Jesus ! [ Dramatic instrumental music ] Holy shit ! Let 's see if you bastards can do 90 . [ Tires squealing ] [ Rumbling over ground ] [ Screaming ] [ Crashing ] [ Chickens clucking ] [ Crickets chirping ] [ Dog barking distantly ] [ Door creaks open ] [ Car blinker clicking ] WOMAN : Pa , what is it ? What is it , Pa ? Looks like an airplane without wings . That ain 't no airplane . Look . [ Hydraulics hissing ] [ Muffled breathing ] [ Screaming ] Don 't look ! MARTY : Listen ... [ Cows mooing ] Hello . Excuse me . Sorry about your barn . [ Gunshot fires ] It 's already mutated into human form ! Shoot it ! Take that , you mutated son of a bitch ! [ Screaming ] BOY : Wait ! BOY : Shoot it , Pa ! MAN : My pine ! Why you ... [ Gunshot fires ] MAN : You space bastard ! You killed my pine ! [ Dramatic instrumental music ] [ Tires squealing ] MARTY : Okay , McFly . Get a grip on yourself . It 's all a dream . Just a very intense dream . [ Brakes squealing ] [ Mysterious instrumental music ] [ Somber instrumental music ] MARTY : Listen , you got to help me . WOMAN : Don 't stop , Wilbur ! It can 't be . [ Machine beeps ] This is nuts . [ Engine stalling ] [ Engine stalling ] Come on . Perfect . [ Machine beeping insistently ] [ Mr. Sandman playing ] [ Car honking ] [ Bell dings ] [ Gas attendants speaking ] [ Mr. Sandman continuing ] [ Boy counting ] [ Bell chiming ] ANNOUNCER : Remember , fellow citizens , the future is in your hands . If you believe in progress , re-elect Mayor Red Thomas . Progress is his middle name . Mayor Red Thomas ' progress platform means more jobs , better education bigger civic improvements and lower taxes . On election day , cast your vote for a proven leader . Re-elect Mayor Red Thomas . MARTY : This has got to be a dream . [ Davy Crockett playing on jukebox ] MAN : Hey , kid . You jump ship ? - What ? - What 's with the life preserver ? I want to use the phone . It 's in the back . MARTY : Brown . Great . You 're alive . [ Watch beeping ] [ Marty sighs ] [ Phone ringing ] Come on . MARTY : Do you know where 1640 Riverside ... MAN : Are you going to order , kid ? Yeah . Give me a Tab . I can 't give you a tab unless you order something . Right . Give me a Pepsi Free . MAN : You want a Pepsi , pal , you 're going to pay for it . Just give me something without any sugar in it , okay ? Something without sugar . [ Door opens ] BIFF : McFly . What are you doing ? Biff . I 'm talking to you , McFly , you Irish bug ! GEORGE : Biff . Guys . How are you doing ? BIFF : You got my homework finished ? Actually , I figured since it wasn 't due ' til Monday ... Hello ? Hello ? Anybody home ? Think , McFly . Think ! I got to have time to recopy it . You realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting ? I 'll get kicked out of school . You wouldn 't want that to happen , would you ? - Would you ? - Of course not . - No . - I wouldn 't want that to happen . - What are you looking at , butthead ? - Get a load of his life preserver . Dork thinks he 's going to drown . BIFF : How about my homework , McFly ? Okay , Biff . I 'll finish that up tonight and then I 'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning . Not too early . I sleep in Sundays . Your shoe 's untied ! Don 't be so gullible , McFly . - I don 't want to see you in here again . - Okay . All right . Bye-bye . - What ? - You 're George McFly ! Yeah . Who are you ? Why do you let those boys push you around like that for ? They 're bigger than me . Stand tall . Have some respect for yourself . If you let people walk over you now , they 'll walk over you the rest of your life . Look at me . You think I 'll spend my life in this slop house ? MAN : Watch it , Goldie . GOLDIE : No , sir ! GOLDIE : I 'll do something . I 'll go to night school . One day , I 'm going to be somebody . That 's right . He 's going to be mayor . Yeah , I 'm ... Mayor ! Now that 's a good idea ! I could run for mayor . - A colored mayor . That 'll be the day . - Wait and see . I will be mayor . I 'll be the most powerful man in Hill Valley and I 'm going to clean up this town . Good . You can start by sweeping the floor . Mayor Goldie Wilson . I like the sound of that . [ Bicycle bell rings ] Hey , Dad ! George ! Hey , you on the bike ! He 's a peeping Tom ! Dad ! [ Horn honking ] [ Dogs barking ] Wait a minute . Who are you ? Stella ! Another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car ! Come out here ! Help me take him in the house ! [ Thunder rumbling ] Mom ? That you ? LORRAINE : There , there , now . Just relax . You 've been asleep for almost nine hours now . I had a horrible nightmare . I dreamed that I went back in time . It was terrible . LORRAINE : Well you 're safe and sound now back in good old 1955 . 1955 ? [ Marty gasping ] You 're my ... My name is Lorraine . LORRAINE : Lorraine Baines ? MARTY : Yeah . But you 're ... You 're so ... You 're so thin ! Just relax , Calvin . You got a big bruise on your head . [ Panting ] [ Marty exclaiming ] Where are my pants ? Over there on my hope chest . I 've never seen purple underwear before , Calvin . Calvin ? Why do you keep calling me Calvin ? That is your name , isn 't it ? Calvin Klein . It 's written all over your underwear . I guess they call you Cal , huh ? No , actually , people call me Marty . [ Sighing ] Pleased to meet you , Calvin ... Marty Klein . - Do you mind if I sit here ? - No . Fine . No . Good . Fine . Good . That 's a big bruise you have there . [ Marty shouts ] STELLA : Lorraine , are you up there ? Oh , my God ! It 's my mother ! LORRAINE : Quick ! Put your pants back on ! STELLA : Marty , how long have you been in port ? MARTY : Excuse me ? STELLA : I guessed you 're a sailor . That 's why you wear that life preserver . Coast guard . Sam , here 's the young man you hit with your car . He 's all right . Thank God . What were you doing in the middle of the street ? Don 't pay attention to him . He 's in one of his moods . Quit fiddling with that thing . Come in here to dinner . STELLA : You already know Lorraine . This is Milton , this is Sally that 's Toby , and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey . MARTY : So , you 're my uncle Joey . Better get used to these bars , kid . STELLA : Yes . Joey just loves being in his playpen . He cries whenever we take him out , so we leave him in there all the time . Well , Marty , I hope you like meat loaf . - Well , listen , I really ought to ... - Sit here , Marty . Sam , stop fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner . [ Sam chortling ] Look at it roll . Now we can watch Jackie Gleason while we eat . [ Muffled voices on TV ] Our first television set . Dad just picked it up today . Do you have a television ? Well , yeah . You know , we have two of them . Wow ! You must be rich . Honey , he 's teasing you . Nobody has two television sets . [ Marty exclaiming ] I 've seen this one . This is a classic . This is where Ralph dresses up as a man from space . What do you mean , you 've seen this ? It 's brand-new . Yeah , well , I saw it on a rerun . What 's a rerun ? You 'll find out . You know , Marty , you look so familiar to me . Do I know your mother ? Yeah , I think maybe you do . STELLA : Then I 'll call her . I don 't want her to worry about you . You can 't . [ Stuttering ] That is , nobody 's home . Yet . Listen . Do you know where Riverside Drive is ? It 's on the other end of town . A block past Maple . East end of town . A block past Maple . That 's John F. Kennedy Drive . Who the hell is John F. Kennedy ? LORRAINE : Mother ? With Marty 's parents out of town don 't you think he ought to spend the night ? After all , Dad almost killed him with the car . That 's true , Marty . I think you should spend the night . I think you 're our responsibility . - Well , gee , I don 't know . - He can sleep in my room . MARTY : I got to go ! Thanks very much . You were all great . See you all later . Much later . [ Door closes ] He 's a very strange young man . He 's an idiot . Comes from upbringing . His parents are probably idiots , too . Lorraine , you ever have a kid who acts that way , I 'll disown you . [ Knocking on door ] [ Electronic warbling ] MARTY : Doc ? Don 't say a word . DOC : No names . I want to know nothing about you . MARTY : Listen , Doc ... DOC : Quiet ! DOC : Don 't tell me anything . MARTY : You got to help ... DOC : Quiet . [ Electronic warbling ] I 'm going to read your thoughts . Let 's see now . You come here from a great distance ? - Yeah . Exactly . - Don 't tell me ! DOC : You want me to subscribe to the Saturday Evening Post . - No . - Not a word now ! Quiet . Donations . You want me to make a donation to the Coast Guard Youth Auxiliary . Doc ... [ Electronics grow silent ] ... I 'm from the future . I came here in a time machine that you invented . Now , I need your help to get back to the year 1985 . My God ! Do you know what this means ? It means that this damn thing doesn 't work at all ! MARTY : You got to help me . You are the only one who knows how your time machine works . [ Whispering ] Time machine ? I haven 't invented any time machine . Okay . I 'll prove it to you . Look at my driver 's license . Expires 1987 . Look at my birthday . I haven 't even been born yet . And look at this picture . It 's my brother , my sister and me . Look at her sweatshirt , Doc . " Class of 1984 " ? DOC : Pretty mediocre photographic fakery . They cut off your brother 's hair . I 'm telling the truth . You got to believe me . Then tell me , future boy who 's president of the United States in 1985 ? - Ronald Reagan . - Ronald Reagan ? The actor ? [ Doc exclaims ] Then who 's vice president ? Jerry Lewis ? DOC : I suppose Jane Wyman is the First Lady . MARTY : Wait , Doc ! DOC : And Jack Benny is treasury secretary . MARTY : Listen to me . I 've had enough jokes for one evening . Good night , future boy ! MARTY : No , wait , Doc . MARTY : The bruise on your head . I know how that happened . You told me . You were standing on your toilet hanging a clock and you fell and hit your head on the sink . That 's when you got the idea for the flux capacitor which is what makes time travel possible . [ Mysterious instrumental music ] MARTY : There 's something wrong with the starter , so I hid it here . DOC : After I fell off my toilet I drew this . MARTY : The flux capacitor . [ Electric crackling ] It works ! [ Doc laughing ] It works ! I finally invent something that works ! You bet your ass it works . We 've got to sneak this back to my laboratory . We 've got to get you home ! This is it . DOC ON TV : Never mind that now . DOC : Why , that 's me ! Look at me ! - I 'm an old man ! - I 'm Dr. Emmett Brown . I 'm in the Twin Pines Mall parking lot . Thank God , I 've still got my hair . What 's this thing I 'm wearing ? This is a radiation suit . Radiation suit ? Of course . ' Cause of all the fallout from the atomic wars . This is truly amazing . A portable television studio . No wonder your president has to be an actor . He has to look good on TV . MARTY : This is the part coming up . This sucker 's electrical but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts ... What did I just say ? ... this sucker 's electrical , but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts of ... - 1.21 gigawatts ! 1.21 gigawatts . DOC : Great Scott ! What the hell is a gigawatt ? How could I have been so careless ? 1.21 gigawatts ! Tom , how am I going to generate that kind of power ? It can 't be done , can it ? MARTY : Doc , look . All we need is a little plutonium . DOC : I 'm sure that in 1985 plutonium is available in every corner drugstore but in 1955 , it 's a little hard to come by . Marty , I 'm sorry , but I 'm afraid you 're stuck here . Doc , stuck here ? I can 't be stuck here . I got a life in 1985 . - I got a girl . - Is she pretty ? Doc , she 's beautiful . She 's crazy about me . Look at this . Look what she wrote here . That says it all . Doc , you 're my only hope . Marty , I 'm sorry , but the only power source capable of generating 1.21 gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning . MARTY : What did you say ? DOC : A bolt of lightning . Unfortunately , you never know when or where it 's ever going to strike . We do now . This is it ! This is the answer . It says here that a bolt of lightning is going to strike the clock tower at 10 : 04 p.m. Next Saturday night ! If we could somehow harness this lightning channel it into the flux capacitor it just might work . Next Saturday night we 're sending you back to the future ! All right . Saturday 's good . I can spend a week in 1955 . I can hang out . You can show me around . That is out of the question . You must not leave this house . You must not see or talk to anybody . Anything you do can have repercussions on future events . Do you understand ? Yeah . Sure . Okay . Marty have you interacted with anybody else today besides me ? Yeah , well , I might 've sort of bumped into my parents . Great Scott ! Let me see that photograph again of your brother . Just as I thought . This proves my theory . Look at your brother . MARTY : His head 's gone . It 's like it 's been erased . Erased from existence . They really cleaned this place up . Looks brand-new . DOC : According to my theory , you interfered with your parents ' first meeting . If they don 't meet , they won 't fall in love , get married or have kids . That 's why your brother 's disappearing . Your sister will follow , and unless you repair the damage , you 're next . MARTY : Sounds heavy . DOC : Weight has nothing to do with it . Which one 's your pop ? [ Bell ringing ] That 's him . Okay . Okay , you guys . [ George pretending to laugh ] Very funny . You guys are being real mature . Maybe you were adopted . GEORGE : Okay , real mature , guys . GEORGE : Okay , pick up my books . STRICKLAND : McFly . That 's Strickland . Jesus , didn 't that guy ever have hair ? Shape up , man . You 're a slacker . Do you want to be a slacker for the rest of your life ? No . - What did your mother see in him ? - I don 't know . I guess she felt sorry for him 'cause her dad hit him with the car . He hit me with the car . That 's the Florence Nightingale effect . It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients . Go to it , kid . George , buddy . I have been looking all over for you . You remember me , the guy who saved your life the other day ? - Yeah . - There 's somebody I 'd like you to meet . Lorraine ? Calvin ! I 'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly . Hi . It 's really a pleasure to meet you . - How 's your head ? - Good . Fine . I 've been worried about you ever since you ran off the other night . Are you okay ? [ Bell ringing ] - I 'm sorry . I have to go . - Come on ! Isn 't he a dreamboat ? - She didn 't even look at him . - This is more serious than I thought . Your mother is infatuated with you instead of your father . Wait a minute , Doc . Are you trying to tell me that my mother has got the hots for me ? - Precisely . - This is heavy . There 's that word again . " Heavy . " Why are things so heavy in the future ? Is there a problem with the Earth 's gravity ? The only way we 're going to get them to mate is if they 're alone . You 've got to get them to interact in some sort of social ... - You mean like a date ? - Right ! What kind of date ? What do kids do in the ' 50s ? They 're your parents . You must know them . What are their common interests ? What do they like to do together ? Nothing . DOC : Look ! There 's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up . The Enchantment Under the Sea dance ! They 're supposed to go to this . - That 's where they kiss for the first time . - All right , kid . You stick to your father like glue and make sure he takes her to that dance . MARTY : George , buddy remember that girl I introduced you to , Lorraine ? What are you writing ? Stories . MR. MCFLY : Science fiction stories about visitors ... Get out of town ! I didn 't know you did anything creative . - Let me read some . - No , no . I never let anybody read my stories . MARTY : Why not ? What if they didn 't like them ? What if they told me I was no good ? I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand . No . No , not hard at all . So anyway , George . About Lorraine . She really likes you . She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under the Sea dance . - Really ? - Yeah . All you got to do is go over there and ask her . Right here , right now , in the cafeteria ? What if she said no ? I don 't know if I could take that kind of rejection . Besides , I think she 'd rather go with somebody else . MARTY : Who ? Biff . - Don 't kid around . Come on . - Come on . Leave . BIFF : You know you want it . You know you want me to give it to you . Shut your filthy mouth . I 'm not that kind of girl . Maybe you are and you just don 't know it yet . Get your meat hooks off of me . MARTY : You heard her . She said , get your meat hooks off . MARTY : Please . What 's it to you , butthead ? BIFF : You been looking for a fight . [ People exclaiming ] Since you 're new here , I 'm going to cut you a break today . So why don 't you make like a tree and get out of here . [ Boy laughing ] MARTY : George ! GEORGE : Why do you keep following me ? George , I 'm telling you , if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance I 'll regret it for the rest of my life . - I can 't go . I 'll miss my favorite TV program , Science Fiction Theatre . Yeah , but Lorraine wants to go with you . Give her a break . I 'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance and not you or anybody else on this planet is going to make me change my mind . MARTY : Science Fiction Theatre . [ Muffled breathing ] [ Loud rock music plays ] [ Stops music ] Who are you ? [ Plays music ] [ Stops music ] MARTY : [ Muffled ] Silence , Earthling . My name is Darth Vader . I am an extraterrestrial from the planet Vulcan . Marty ! [ Car honks ] - Marty ! Marty ! - George , buddy . You weren 't at school . What have you been doing ? I overslept . I need your help . I have to ask Lorraine out , but I don 't know how to do it . Keep your pants on . She 's over in the cafe . God ! How do you ... ? MARTY : What made you change your mind ? Last night , Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan and told me that if I didn 't take Lorraine out , he 'd melt my brain . Let 's just keep this brain-melting stuff to ourselves , okay ? - Yeah . Yeah . - All right . There she is . Just go in there and invite her . GEORGE : But I don 't know what to say . MARTY : Say anything . Say whatever 's natural , the first thing that comes into your mind . Nothing 's coming to my mind . Jesus . It 's a wonder I was even born . - What ? What ? - Nothing . Tell her destiny brought you together . Tell her she is the most beautiful girl you have ever seen in the world . Girls like that stuff . - What are you doing ? - I 'm writing this down . This is good stuff . - Yeah . Okay . Can you take care of that ? - Right . [ The Wallflower playing ] [ People chattering ] Lou , give me a milk . Chocolate . GEORGE : Lorraine . My density has popped me to you . What ? [ Mumbling ] What I meant to say was ... Wait a minute . Don 't I know you from somewhere ? GEORGE : Yes . Yes . I 'm George . George McFly . I 'm your density . I mean your destiny . [ Sighing ] BIFF : McFly . [ Music stops ] I thought I told you never to come in here . Well , it 's going to cost you . How much money you got on you ? GEORGE : How much do you want , Biff ? [ Biff grunts ] [ All gasping ] BIFF : All right , punk . - Now I 'm going to ... - Biff . What 's that ? [ Biff grunts ] [ All gasping ] That 's Calvin Klein . My God , he 's a dream . Kid ! Kid , stop ! Stop ! [ Boy protesting ] [ Dramatic instrumental music ] MARTY : I 'll get it back to you . BOY : You broke it ! Come back here ! [ Cars honking ] Look at him go ! Get him ! [ Dramatic instrumental music ] BIFF : To the car ! Go ! GIRL : What 's that thing he 's on ? BOY : A board with wheels . He 's an absolute dream . THUG 1 : Come on , come on ! THUG 2 : Look out for the car ! [ Shouting ] [ Tires squealing ] [ Screaming ] [ Brakes squealing ] [ Woman grunts ] [ Tires squealing ] BIFF : I 'm going to ram him . ALL : Shit ! [ Brakes squealing ] [ Crowd murmuring ] [ Exclaiming ] Thanks a lot , kid . I 'm going to get that son of a bitch . - Where does he come from ? - Yeah , where does he live ? I don 't know but I 'm going to find out . [ Audio rewinding ] DOC ON TV : My God . They found me . I don 't know how , but they found me . Run for it , Marty ! [ Audio rewinding ] My God . They found me . I don 't know how , but they found me . Run for it , Marty ! Doc ? Hi , Marty . I didn 't hear you come in . Fascinating device , this video unit . Listen , Doc . MARTY : I haven 't told you about ... DOC : One shouldn 't know about his own destiny . - You don 't understand . - I do . If I know too much I endanger my own existence just as you 've endangered yours . You 're right . Let me show you my plan for sending you home . Please excuse the crudity of this model . I didn 't have time to build it to scale or paint it . - It 's good . - Thank you . We run industrial-strength electrical cable from the top of the clock tower down , suspending it over the street between these two lampposts . Meanwhile , we 've outfitted the time vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux capacitor . At the calculated moment you start off from down the street driving directly toward the cable , accelerating to 88 miles per hour . According to the flyer , at precisely 10 : 04 p.m. This Saturday night lightning will strike the clock tower , electrifying the cable as the connecting hook makes contact thereby sending 1.21 gigawatts into the flux capacitor and sending you back to 1985 . DOC : All right , now . Watch this . You wind up the car and release it . I 'll simulate the lightning . [ Wind-up mechanism twisting ] [ Electrical humming ] Ready . Set . Release . [ Car whirring ] [ Marty exclaims ] [ Gasps ] MARTY : You 're instilling me with a lot of confidence . Don 't worry . I 'll take care of ideas . You take care of your pop . By the way what happened today ? Did he ask her out ? - I think so . - What did she say ? [ Knocking at door ] It 's your mom ! She 's tracked you down ! Quick ! Let 's cover the time machine . Hi , Cal ... Marty . MARTY : Lorraine . How did you know I was here ? I followed you . This is my doc ... My uncle Doc Brown . - Hi . - Hi . LORRAINE : Marty , this may seem a little forward but I was kind of wondering if you 'd ask me to the Enchantment Under the Sea dance on Saturday ? You mean ... You mean nobody 's asked you ? LORRAINE : No . Not yet . - What about George ? - George McFly ? He 's kind of cute and all , but not ... Well ... I think a man should be strong so he can stand up for himself and protect the woman he loves . Don 't you ? Yeah . I still don 't understand . How am I supposed to go to the dance with her if she 's already going to the dance with you ? Well , because , George , she wants to go with you . She just doesn 't know it yet . That 's why we got to show her that you , George , are a fighter . You 're somebody who stands up for yourself and will protect her . Yeah , but I 've never picked a fight in my entire life . Look , you 're not going to be picking a fight , Dad ... Dad-dad-daddy-o . You 're coming to her rescue , right ? Let 's go over the plan again . 8 : 55 , where are you going to be ? I 'm going to be at the dance . - And where am I going to be ? - You 'll be in the car , with her . Right around 9 : 00 , she 's going to get very angry with me . Why is she going to get angry with you ? Well , because , George , nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them . [ George exclaims ] - You 're going to go touch her on her ... - No . No , George , look . It 's just an act , right ? So , 9 : 00 , you 're strolling through the parking lot . You see us struggling in the car . You walk up , you open the door , and you say ... Your line , George . [ Exclaiming ] Hey , you , get your damn hands off her ! - You really think I ought to swear ? - Definitely . Goddamn it , George , swear . Okay . So now you come up . You punch me in the stomach . I 'm out for the count , right ? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after . You make it sound so easy . I just ... I wish I wasn 't so scared . There 's nothing to be scared of . All it takes is self-confidence . You know , if you put your mind to it you can accomplish anything . ANNOUNCER : Hill Valley weather this Saturday night . Mostly clear , with some scattered clouds . Lows tonight , in the upper forties . Are you sure about this storm ? Since when can weathermen predict the weather , let alone the future ? You know , Marty , I 'm going to be very sad to see you go . You 've made a difference in my life , given me something to shoot for . Just knowing that I 'm going to be around to see 1985 . That I 'm going to succeed in this ! That I 'm going to have a chance to travel through time ! [ Emotional instrumental music ] It 's going to be hard waiting 30 years to talk to you about everything that 's happened in the past few days . I 'm really going to miss you , Marty . I 'm going to miss you . - Doc , about the future ... - No ! We 've agreed that information about the future can be extremely dangerous . Even if your intentions are good , it can backfire drastically . Whatever you 've got to tell me I 'll find out through the natural course of time . " Dear Dr. Brown : " On the night that I go back in time ... " ... you will be ... " ... shot by terrorists . " Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster . " Your friend ... " ... Marty . " 'Evening , Dr. Brown . What 's with the wire ? Just a little weather experiment . - What you got under here ? - No ! Don 't touch that ! Some new , specialized weather-sensing equipment . Got a permit for that ? Of course I do . DOC : Just a second . Let me see if I can find it here . [ Playing rock ' n ' roll music ] [ Music continues faintly ] [ Marty sighs ] Do you mind if we park for a while ? That 's a great idea . I 'd love to park . I 'm almost 18 years old . It 's not like I 've never parked before . What ? Marty , you seem so nervous . Is something wrong ? No . No . [ Opening bottle ] Lorraine , what are you doing ? I swiped it from the old lady 's liquor cabinet . Yeah , well , you shouldn 't drink . - Why not ? - Because you ... You might regret it later in life . Marty , don 't be such a square . Everybody who 's anybody drinks . Jeez , you smoke too ? You 're beginning to sound just like my mother . [ Jazz song ending ] [ Crowd applauding ] We 're going to take a little break , but we 'll be back in a while so don 't nobody go nowhere . Marty ? Why are you so nervous ? Lorraine have you ever been in a situation where you knew you had to act a certain way , but when you got there , you didn 't know if you could go through with it ? You mean like how you 're supposed to act on a first date ? Sort of . I think I know exactly what you mean . You do ? You know what I do in those situations ? - What ? - I don 't worry . [ Marty protesting muffled ] LORRAINE : This is all wrong . I don 't know what it is but when I kiss you , it 's like I 'm kissing my brother . I guess that doesn 't make any sense , does it ? Believe me it makes perfect sense . [ Footsteps approaching ] Somebody 's coming . [ Marty grunts ] You caused $ 300 damage to my car , you son of a bitch and I 'm going to take it out of your ass . Hold him . Let him go , Biff . You 're drunk . Well , lookee what we have here . No ! Stay right here with me . Come on , Lorraine . LORRAINE : Let me go ! MARTY : Leave her alone ! Take him in back . I 'll be right there . Just admit that you want it . Come on . Well , go on . This ain 't no peep show . [ Marty grunts ] [ Lorraine and Biff struggling ] [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] THUG 1 : Hey , let 's put him in there . THUG 2 : Yeah ! That 's for messing up my hair . What the hell are you doing to my car ? Hey , beat it , spook . This don 't concern you . Who you calling spook , peckerwood ? THUG 2 : Listen , guys I don 't want to mess with no reefer addicts , okay ? MARVIN : Get home to your mama , boy . THUG 1 : Biff ! THUG 2 : Hurry , Biff ! MARTY : [ Muffled ] Let me out of here ! [ Pounding and shouting ] Reginald , where are your keys ? MARTY : [ Muffled ] The keys are in the trunk . MARVIN : Say that again ? MARTY : I said , the keys are in here . LORRAINE : [ Muffled ] Let me go ! BIFF : [ Muffled ] Come on ! Hey you , get your damn hands off ... [ Sighing ] I think you got the wrong car , McFly . George , help me ! Please ! Just turn around , McFly , and walk away . LORRAINE : Please , George . BIFF : Are you deaf ? BIFF : Close the door and beat it . [ Lorraine whimpering ] No , Biff . You leave her alone . All right , McFly . You 're asking for it and now you 're going to get it . [ George groaning ] Stop it ! Biff , you 'll break his arm ! [ Gasping ] LORRAINE : Biff , no ! MARVIN : Give me a hand here , Reginald . [ Exclaiming ] Damn it , man ! I sliced my hand ! - Whose are these ? - Mine . Thanks . Thanks a lot . You 're going to break his arm ! Biff ! Biff , leave him alone ! Let him go ! Let him go ! [ Biff laughing ] [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] [ Biff grunts ] [ George panting ] Are you okay ? [ Tender instrumental music ] Who is that guy ? That 's George McFly . That 's George McFly ? Excuse me . [ Thunder rumbling ] The storm . Guys , you got to get back in there and finish the dance . Look at Marvin 's hand . He can 't play with this hand , and we can 't play without him . Marvin , you got to play . They kiss for the first time at the dance . If there 's no music , they can 't dance . If they can 't dance and kiss , then they can 't fall in love and I 'm history . The dance is over unless you know somebody that can play the guitar . [ Playing Earth Angel ] This is for all you lovers out there . MARVIN : [ Singing ] " Earth Angel , Earth Angel " Will you be mine " My darling dear " LORRAINE : George , aren 't you going to kiss me ? I don 't know . Scram , McFly . I 'm cutting in . [ Lorraine protesting ] [ Playing dissonant notes ] " Earth Angel , Earth Angel " The one I adore " Hey , boy , you all right ? I can 't play . George ! [ Boy laughing ] [ Oppressive instrumental music ] [ Ominous instrumental music ] [ Boy laughing ] George ! George . Excuse me . [ Boy grunts ] [ Uplifting instrumental music ] MARVIN : [ Singing ] " The vision of your happiness " Earth Angel , Earth Angel " Please be mine " My darling dear " Love you for all time " I 'm just a fool " A fool in love " with you " [ Crowd applauding ] MARVIN : Yeah , man , that was good . Let 's do another one . No . I got to go . Come on , man . Let 's do something that really cooks . Something that cooks . [ Cheering ] MARTY : All right . MARVIN : All right ! All right . All right , this is an oldie , but ... Well , it 's an oldie where I come from . All right , listen , this is a blues riff in B. Watch me for the changes , and try and keep up , okay ? [ Playing Johnny B. Goode ] " Way down in Louisiana Down in New Orleans " Way back up in the woods among the evergreens " There stood a log cabin made of earth and wood " Where lived a country boy name of Johnny B. Goode " He never ever learned to read or write so well " He could play the guitar just like he 's ringin ' a bell " Go go Go Johnny go , go " Go Johnny , go , go , go " Go Johnny go , go " George , I heard you laid out Biff . Nice going . You ever think of running for class president ? MARTY : [ Singing ] " Johnny B. Goode " Go Johnny go , go " Go Johnny go , go , go " Go Johnny go , go " Go Johnny go , go , go " Johnny B. Goode " Chuck ! Chuck , it 's Marvin . Your cousin , Marvin Berry ? You know that new sound you 're looking for ? Well , listen to this . [ Music growing wilder ] [ Marty playing heavy metal riffs ] [ Feedback ] [ Playing sustained high-pitch note ] [ Amplifiers humming ] I guess you guys aren 't ready for that yet but your kids are going to love it . [ Jazz playing faintly ] Lorraine . Marty , that was very interesting music . Yeah . I hope you don 't mind , but George asked if he could take me home . Great ! Good . Good , Lorraine . I had a feeling about you two . I have a feeling , too . Listen , I got to go , but I wanted to tell you that it 's been educational . LORRAINE : Marty , will we ever see you again ? I guarantee it . Well , Marty , I want to thank you for all your good advice . I 'll never forget it . Right , George . Well , good luck , you guys . [ Marty exclaims ] One other thing . If you guys ever have kids and one of them , when he 's eight years old accidentally sets fire to the living room rug go easy on him . Okay . Marty . Such a nice name . Damn ! Where is that kid ? [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] Damn ! Damn ! Damn ! [ Brakes squealing ] DOC : You 're late ! Do you have no concept of time ? Hey , come on . I had to change . Do you think I 'm going back in that zoot suit ? The old man really came through . It worked . He laid out Biff in one punch . I didn 't know he had it in him . He 's never stood up to Biff in his life . - Never ? - No . Why ? What 's the matter ? All right ! Let 's set your destination time . [ Machine beeping ] DOC : This is the exact time you left . Let 's send you back at exactly the same time . It 'll be like you never left . Now , I painted a white line on the street way over there . That 's where you 'll start from . I 've calculated the precise distance taking into account the acceleration speed and wind resistance retroactive from the moment the lightning strikes which will be in exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds . When this alarm goes off , you hit the gas . Right . [ Dramatic instrumental music ] Well , I guess that 's everything . - Thanks . - Thank you . DOC : See you in about 30 years . I hope so . Don 't worry ! As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles an hour the instant the lightning strikes the tower ... DOC : Everything will be fine . MARTY : Right . [ Thunder rumbling ] - What 's the meaning of this ? - You 'll find out in 30 years . It 's about the future , isn 't it ? DOC : Information about the future . MARTY : Wait a minute . I warned you about this , kid . The consequences could be disastrous ! Doc , that 's a risk you 're going to have to take . - Your life depends on it ! - No ! I refuse to accept the responsibility . In that case , I 'll tell you straight out . [ Thunder crashing ] Great Scott ! [ Thunder clapping ] You get the cable , I 'll throw the rope down to you . MARTY : Right ! I got it ! [ Wind howling ] [ Gasping ] Doc ! DOC : Come on , come on . Let 's go ! MARTY : All right ! Take it up ! Go ! Doc ! [ Shouting indistinctly ] I have to tell you about the future . DOC : What ? MARTY : I have to tell you about the future ! What ? On the night I go back in time you get ... [ Clock bells ringing ] Doc ! [ Doc screaming ] Go ! - No , Doc ! - Look at the time ! You 've got less than four minutes . Please , hurry ! [ Dramatic instrumental music ] [ Bell ringing ] DOC : Yeah ! Damn it , Doc ! Why did you have to tear up that letter ? If I only had more time . Wait a minute . I got all the time I want . I got a time machine . I can just go back early and warn him . Okay . Ten minutes ought to do it . Okay . Time circuit 's on . Flux capacitor , fluxing . Engine running . All right . [ Engine stops suddenly ] No . No , no . Come on . Come on . Not this time . [ Doc screaming ] [ Engine clicking ] [ Grunts ] MARTY : Come on . [ Alarm ringing ] Here we go . Here we go . This time . Come on . Please . Please . Come on ! [ Shouts ] [ Engine starts ] [ Tires squealing ] [ Grunts ] [ Screaming ] [ Dramatic instrumental music ] [ Screaming ] Doc . [ Wind blowing ] [ Doc shouting gleefully ] [ Helicopter whirring ] [ Music playing on radio ] [ Explosive crashing ] [ Tires squealing ] Crazy drunk driver . [ Marty exclaims ] All right . Fred . You look great . Everything looks great . [ Marty panting ] 1 : 24 . I still got time . I 'm coming , Doc ! [ Engine dies ] No ! No , not again ! Come on ! Come on ! [ Tires squealing ] [ Terrorists shouting indistinctly ] Libyans . [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] MARTY : No ! Bastards ! TERRORIST : Go ! [ Tires squealing ] [ Gunshots firing ] MARTY : Doc ! Doc ! [ Marty sobbing ] [ Tender instrumental music ] MARTY : No ! You 're alive . Bulletproof vest ? How did you know ? I never got a chance to tell you . What about all that talk about screwing up future events ? The space-time continuum ? Well , I figured , what the hell . [ Uplifting instrumental music ] MARTY : So how far ahead are you going ? About 30 years . It 's a nice round number . Look me up when you get there , all right ? Guess I 'll be about 47 . I will . MARTY : Take care . You , too . Right . Bye-bye , Einie . MARTY : And watch that re-entry . It 's a little bumpy . You bet . [ Explosive crashing ] [ Dog barking ] [ Radio plays Back In Time ] What a nightmare . LINDA : If Paul calls , tell him I 'm working at the boutique late . DAVID : Linda , I 'm not your answering service and somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago . LINDA : Which one was it ? DAVID : I can 't keep up with your boyfriends . [ Marty calls ] MARTY : What the hell is this ? Breakfast . DAVID : Did you sleep in your clothes again ? Yeah . L ... What are you wearing , Dave ? Marty I always wear a suit to the office . DAVID : You all right ? MARTY : Yeah . MRS. MCFLY : We need a rematch . MR. MCFLY : A rematch ? - Why ? Were you cheating ? - No . - Hello . - Good morning . Mom ! Dad ! MR. MCFLY : Hit your head ? MRS. MCFLY : Are you okay ? You guys look great . Mom , you look so thin . Why , thank you , Marty . George ! Good morning , sleepyhead . MRS. MCFLY : Good morning , kids . DAVID AND LINDA : ' Morning . LINDA : Marty , I almost forgot . Jennifer Parker called . I sure like her . She is such a sweet girl . Isn 't tonight the night of the big date ? What ? What , Ma ? Aren 't you going up to the lake ? You 've been planning it for two weeks . We talked about this . How can I go to the lake ? The car 's wrecked . MR. MCFLY : Wrecked ? DAVID : Wrecked ? When did this happen ? Why wasn 't I told ? MR. MCFLY : I 'm sure the car is fine . DAVID : Why am I the last to know ? MR. MCFLY : See ? There 's Biff out there waxing it now . Now , Biff , I want to make sure we get two coats of wax , not just one . - I 'm just finishing up the second coat now . - Now , Biff , don 't con me . I 'm sorry , Mr. McFly . I meant I was just starting on the second coat . Biff . What a character . Always trying to get away with something . I 've had to stay on top of Biff ever since high school . MR. MCFLY : But , if it wasn 't for him ... MRS. MCFLY : We 'd never have fallen in love . Mr. McFly ! Mr. McFly , this just arrived . Hi , Marty . I think it 's your new book . Honey ! Your first novel . MR. MCFLY : I 've always told you , if you put your mind to it , you can accomplish anything . Marty , here 's your keys . You 're all waxed up , ready for tonight . Keys ? [ Tender instrumental music ] - How about a ride , mister ? - Jennifer ! Are you a sight for sore eyes . MARTY : Let me look at you . Marty , you 're acting like you haven 't seen me in a week . I haven 't . You okay ? Is everything all right ? MARTY : Yeah . Everything is great . [ Explosive crashing ] [ Brakes screeching ] Marty ! You 've got to come back with me ! - Where ? - Back to the future . What are you doing , Doc ? I need fuel . Go ahead . Quick ! Get in the car . No , no . I just got here . Jennifer 's here . We 're taking the new truck for a spin . DOC : Bring her along . This concerns her , too . What are you talking about ? What happens to us in the future ? - Do we become assholes or something ? - No , Marty . Both you and Jennifer turn out fine . It 's your kids , Marty . Something has got to be done about your kids . We better back up . We don 't have enough road to get up to 88 . Roads ? Where we 're going , we don 't need roads . [ Jets firing ] [ Back In Time playing ] Subtitles by SOFTITLER October is inventory time . So right now , Statler Toyota is making the best deals of the year on all 1985-model Toyotas . You won 't find a better car at a better price with better service anywhere in Hill Valley . The Senate is expected to vote on this today . In other news , officials at the Pacific Nuclear research facility have denied the rumor that a case of missing plutonium was in fact stolen from their vault two weeks ago . A Libyan terrorist group had claimed responsibility for the alleged theft . However , officials now attribute the discrepancy to a simple clerical error . The FBI , which is investigating the matter , had no comment . Doc ? Doc ? Hello ! Anybody home ? Einstein , come here , boy . What 's going on ? God . Jesus ! That is disgusting . Rock ' n ' roll . Yo . Marty , is that you ? Doc . Where are you ? Thank God I 've found you . Meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1 : 15 . I made a breakthrough . I 'll need your assistance . 1 : 15 in the morning ? Doc , what 's going on ? Where you been all week ? Working . Is Einstein with you ? Yeah , he 's right here . You left your equipment on all week . My equipment . That reminds me , Marty . Do not hook up to the amplifier . There 's a slight possibility of overload . Yeah . I 'll keep that in mind . Good . I 'll see you tonight . Don 't forget . 1 : 15 a. m . , Twin Pines Mall . Right . Are those my clocks I hear ? Yeah , it 's 8 : 00 . Perfect ! My experiment worked ! They 're all exactly 25 minutes slow ! Wait a minute , Doc . Are you telling me that it 's 8 : 25 ? Precisely . Damn ! I 'm late for school . Jennifer . Strickland 's looking for you . If you get caught , it 'll be four tardies in a row . All right , come on . I think we 're safe . This time it wasn 't my fault . The doc set all his clocks 25 minutes slow . The doc ? Am I to understand you 're still hanging around with Dr. Emmett Brown , McFly ? Tardy slip for you , Miss Parker . And one for you , McFly . I believe that 's four in a row . Let me give you a nickel 's worth of free advice , young man . This so-called Dr. Brown is dangerous . He 's a real nutcase . Hang around with him , you 'll end up in big trouble . Yes , sir . You got a real attitude problem . You 're a slacker . You remind me of your father when he went here . He was a slacker , too . Can I go now , Mr. Strickland ? Your band is on the roster for the dance auditions after school today . Why even bother ? You don 't have a chance . You 're too much like your old man . No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley . Yeah , well , history is going to change . Next , please . All right . We 're the Pinheads . One , two , three . Okay , that 's enough . Thank you , fellas . Hold it , fellas . I 'm afraid you 're just too darn loud . Next , please . Next group , please . Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson . Progress is his middle name . " Too loud . " I can 't believe it . We 'll never get a chance to play in front of anybody . Marty , one rejection isn 't the end of the world . I just don 't think I 'm cut out for music . But you 're really good , and your audition tape is great . You 've got to send it in to the record company . - It 's like Doc 's always saying . - I know . If you put your mind to it , you can accomplish anything . That 's good advice . All right . What if I send in the tape and they don 't like it ? What if they say I 'm no good ? What if they say , " You got no future " ? I can 't take that kind of rejection . I 'm starting to sound like my old man . - He 's not that bad . - Save the clock tower . He 's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night . Check out that 4x4 . That is hot . Back her up . Someday , Jennifer . Someday . Wouldn 't it be great to take that truck up to the lake ? Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back . Lie out underneath the stars . - Stop it . - What ? Does your mom know ? About tomorrow night ? No , get out of town . My mom thinks I 'm going camping with the guys . My mother would freak out if she knew I was going with you . I 'd get the standard lecture about how she never did that stuff when she was a kid . Look , I think the woman was born a nun . She 's just trying to keep you respectable . She 's not doing a very good job . Terrible . Save the clock tower . Save the clock tower . Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock . Thirty years ago , lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn 't run since . We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved the way it is as part of our history and heritage . There 's a quarter . Thanks . Don 't forget to take a flyer . Save the clock tower ! Where were we ? Right about here . Jennifer ! It 's my dad . I 've got to go . I 'll call you tonight . I 'll be at my grandma 's . Here , let me give you the number . 'Bye . Bravo , Tango , Delta 6-2-9 . Tow for impoundment . Any unit , please respond . Perfect . Just perfect . I can 't believe you 'd loan me your car without telling me it had a blind spot . I could 've been killed . Now , Biff , I never noticed that the car had any blind spot before when I would drive it . Hi , son . Are you blind , McFly ? How else do you explain that wreck out there ? Biff , can I assume that your insurance is going to pay for the damage ? My insurance ? It 's your car . Your insurance should pay . Who 's going to pay for this ? I spilled beer when the car smashed into me . Who 'll pay my cleaning bill ? And where 's my reports ? I haven 't finished those up yet , but I figured since they weren 't due ' til ... Hello ? Hello ? Anybody home ? Think , McFly . Think ! I got to have time to get them retyped . Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting ? I 'll get fired . You wouldn 't want that to happen , would you ? - Would you ? - Of course not . I wouldn 't want that to happen . Now , look . I 'll finish those reports tonight and I 'll run them on over first thing tomorrow . Not too early . I sleep in Saturday . Your shoe 's untied . Don 't be so gullible , McFly . Got the place fixed up nice . I have your car towed to your house and all you got for me is lite beer ? What are you looking at , butthead ? Say hi to your mom for me . I know what you 're going to say , son and you 're right . You 're right . But ... Biff just happens to be my supervisor and I 'm afraid I 'm just not very good at confrontations . But the car , Dad . I mean , he wrecked it . He totaled it . I needed that car tomorrow night , Dad . Do you have any idea how important this was to me ? I know , and all I can say is , I 'm ... I 'm sorry . Believe me , Marty , you 're better off without having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance . He 's absolutely right . The last thing you need is headaches . Kids , we 're going to have to eat this cake by ourselves . Your Uncle Joey didn 't make parole again . It would be nice if you all dropped him a line . Uncle " Jailbird " Joey ? He 's your brother , Mom . Yeah . It 's a major embarrassment , having an uncle in prison . We all make mistakes in life , children . Goddamn it . I 'm late . David , watch your mouth ! You come here and kiss your mother before you go . Come on , Mom . Make it fast . I 'll miss my bus . See you later , Pop . Time to change that oil . Marty . I 'm not your answering service . While you were outside pouting over the car Jennifer Parker called you twice . I don 't like her . Any girl who calls up a boy is just asking for trouble . Mom . There 's nothing wrong with calling a boy . I think it 's terrible . Girls chasing boys . When I was your age , I never chased a boy or called a boy or sat in a parked car with a boy . Then how am I ever supposed to meet anybody ? Well , it 'll just happen . Like the way I met your father . That was so stupid . Grandpa hit him with the car . It was meant to be . Anyway if Grandpa hadn 't hit him , then none of you would have been born . Yeah , well . I don 't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street . What was it , George ? Bird-watching ? What , Lorraine ? What ? Anyway , your Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house . He seemed so helpless . Like a little lost puppy , and my heart just went out to him . Yeah , we know . You 've told us this story a million times . You felt sorry for him . You decided to go with him to the Fish Under the Sea dance . No . It was the Enchantment Under the Sea dance . Our first date . I 'll never forget it . It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm , remember , George ? Your father kissed me for the first time on that dance floor . It was then that I realized that I was going to spend the rest of my life with him . Oh , no . Hello . Marty , you didn 't fall asleep , did you ? Doc . No . No , don 't be silly . Listen , this is very important . I forgot my video camera . Can you pick it up at my place on your way to the mall ? Yeah . I 'm on my way . Einstein ! Where 's the doc , boy ? Doc ! - Marty ! You made it ! - Yeah . Welcome to my latest experiment . This is the one I 've been waiting for all my life . Well , it 's a DeLorean ... All your questions will be answered . Roll tape and we 'll proceed . - Is that a Devo suit ? - Never mind that now . Not now . I 'm ready . Good evening . I 'm Dr. Emmett Brown . I 'm in the Twin Pines Mall parking lot . It 's Saturday morning , October 26 , 1985 , 1 : 18 a. m . This is temporal experiment number one . Come on , Einie . Get in there . In you go . Sit down . Put your seat belt on . Okay . Please note that Einstein 's clock is in precise synchronization with my control watch . Got it ? Right . Check , Doc . Have a good trip , Einstein . Watch your head . You got that thing hooked up to the car ? Watch this . Yeah . Okay . Got it . Jesus ! Not me ! The car ! If my calculations are correct when this baby hits 88 miles per hour you 're going to see some serious shit . Watch this ! What did I tell you ? 88 miles per hour ! The temporal displacement occurred exactly 1 : 20 a. m . And zero seconds ! Jesus Christ ! Jesus Christ , Doc ! You disintegrated Einstein ! Calm down . I didn 't disintegrate anything . The molecular structure of both Einstein and the car are completely intact . Then where the hell are they ? The appropriate question is , " When the hell are they ? " Einstein has just become the world 's first time traveler . I sent him into the future . One minute into the future , to be exact . At precisely 1 : 21 a. m . And zero seconds we shall catch up with him and the time machine . Wait a minute , Doc . Are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a DeLorean ? - The way I see it if you 're going to build a time machine into a car , why not do it with style ? Besides , the stainless-steel construction made the flux dispersal ... Look out ! What ? Is it hot ? It 's cold . Damn cold . Einstein , you little devil ! Einstein 's clock is exactly one minute behind mine and still ticking ! He 's okay . He 's fine . He 's completely unaware that anything happened . As far as he 's concerned , the trip was instantaneous . That 's why his watch is exactly one minute behind mine . He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time . I 'll show you how it works . First , you turn the time circuits on . This tells you where you 're going , this where you are and this where you were . Input your destination time on this keypad . Say you want to see the signing of the Declaration of Independence . Or witness the birth of Christ . Here 's a red-letter date in the history of science . November 5 , 1955 . Yes , of course . November 5 , 1955 . What happened ? That was the day I invented time travel . I remember it vividly . I was standing on my toilet hanging a clock . The porcelain was wet . I slipped , hit my head on the sink . When I came to , I had a revelation . A vision . A picture in my head . A picture of this . This is what makes time travel possible . The flux capacitor . Flux capacitor ? It 's taken almost 30 years and my family fortune to realize the vision of that day . My God , has it been that long ? Things have certainly changed around here . I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see . Old man Peabody owned all of this . He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees . This is ... This is heavy-duty , Doc . This is great . Does it run on regular unleaded gasoline ? Unfortunately , no . It requires something with a little more kick . Plutonium . Plutonium . Wait a minute . Are you telling me that this sucker is nuclear ? Keep rolling there . No , this sucker 's electrical but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts of electricity I need . You don 't just walk into a store and buy plutonium . Did you rip that off ? Of course . From a group of Libyans . They wanted me to build them a bomb . I took the plutonium and gave them a bomb casing full of pinball machine parts . Come on . Let 's get you a radiation suit . Jesus ! It 's safe now . Everything 's lead-lined . Don 't lose those tapes now . I need that as a record . Let 's put this back here . There we go . Almost forgot my luggage . Who knows if they got cotton underwear in the future . - I 'm allergic to all synthetics . - The future . - That 's where you 're going . - Right . 25 years . I 've always dreamed of seeing the future , looking beyond my years seeing the progress of mankind . Why not ? I 'll also be able to see who wins the next 25 World Series . Doc . Look me up when you get there . Indeed I will . Roll ' em . I , Dr. Emmett Brown am about to embark on an historic journey . What am I thinking of ? I almost forgot to bring extra plutonium . How do I expect to get back ? One pellet , one trip . I must be out of my mind . What is it ? My God . They found me . I don 't know how , but they found me . Run for it , Marty ! Who ? Who do you think ? The Libyans ! Holy shit ! I 'll draw their fire ! Doc , wait ! No ! Bastards ! Go ! Go ! Come on ! Move ! Goddamn it ! Jesus ! Holy shit ! Let 's see if you bastards can do 90 . Pa , what is it ? What is it , Pa ? Looks like an airplane without wings . That ain 't no airplane . Look . Don 't look ! Listen ... Hello . Excuse me . Sorry about your barn . It 's already mutated into human form ! Shoot it ! Take that , you mutated son of a bitch ! Wait ! Shoot it , Pa ! My pine ! Why you ... You space bastard ! You killed my pine ! Okay , McFly . Get a grip on yourself . It 's all a dream . Just a very intense dream . Listen , you got to help me . Don 't stop , Wilbur ! It can 't be . This is nuts . Come on . Perfect . Remember , fellow citizens , the future is in your hands . If you believe in progress , re-elect Mayor Red Thomas . Progress is his middle name . Mayor Red Thomas ' progress platform means more jobs , better education bigger civic improvements and lower taxes . On election day , cast your vote for a proven leader . Re-elect Mayor Red Thomas . This has got to be a dream . Hey , kid . You jump ship ? - What ? - What 's with the life preserver ? I want to use the phone . It 's in the back . Brown . Great . You 're alive . Come on . Do you know where 1640 Riverside ... Are you going to order , kid ? Yeah . Give me a Tab . I can 't give you a tab unless you order something . Right . Give me a Pepsi Free . You want a Pepsi , pal , you 're going to pay for it . Just give me something without any sugar in it , okay ? Something without sugar . McFly . What are you doing ? Biff . I 'm talking to you , McFly , you Irish bug ! Biff . Guys . How are you doing ? You got my homework finished ? Actually , I figured since it wasn 't due ' til Monday ... Hello ? Hello ? Anybody home ? Think , McFly . Think ! I got to have time to recopy it . You realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting ? I 'll get kicked out of school . You wouldn 't want that to happen , would you ? - Would you ? - Of course not . - No . - I wouldn 't want that to happen . - What are you looking at , butthead ? - Get a load of his life preserver . Dork thinks he 's going to drown . How about my homework , McFly ? Okay , Biff . I 'll finish that up tonight and then I 'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning . Not too early . I sleep in Sundays . Your shoe 's untied ! Don 't be so gullible , McFly . - I don 't want to see you in here again . - Okay . All right . Bye-bye . - What ? - You 're George McFly ! Yeah . Who are you ? Why do you let those boys push you around like that for ? They 're bigger than me . Stand tall . Have some respect for yourself . If you let people walk over you now , they 'll walk over you the rest of your life . Look at me . You think I 'll spend my life in this slop house ? Watch it , Goldie . No , sir ! I 'll do something . I 'll go to night school . One day , I 'm going to be somebody . That 's right . He 's going to be mayor . Yeah , I 'm ... Mayor ! Now that 's a good idea ! I could run for mayor . - A colored mayor . That 'll be the day . - Wait and see . I will be mayor . I 'll be the most powerful man in Hill Valley and I 'm going to clean up this town . Good . You can start by sweeping the floor . Mayor Goldie Wilson . I like the sound of that . Hey , Dad ! George ! Hey , you on the bike ! He 's a peeping Tom ! Dad ! Wait a minute . Who are you ? Stella ! Another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car ! Come out here ! Help me take him in the house ! Mom ? That you ? There , there , now . Just relax . You 've been asleep for almost nine hours now . I had a horrible nightmare . I dreamed that I went back in time . It was terrible . Well you 're safe and sound now back in good old 1955 . 1955 ? You 're my ... My name is Lorraine . Lorraine Baines ? Yeah . But you 're ... You 're so ... You 're so thin ! Just relax , Calvin . You got a big bruise on your head . Where are my pants ? Over there on my hope chest . I 've never seen purple underwear before , Calvin . Calvin ? Why do you keep calling me Calvin ? That is your name , isn 't it ? Calvin Klein . It 's written all over your underwear . I guess they call you Cal , huh ? No , actually , people call me Marty . Pleased to meet you , Calvin ... Marty Klein . - Do you mind if I sit here ? - No . Fine . No . Good . Fine . Good . That 's a big bruise you have there . Lorraine , are you up there ? Oh , my God ! It 's my mother ! Quick ! Put your pants back on ! Marty , how long have you been in port ? Excuse me ? I guessed you 're a sailor . That 's why you wear that life preserver . Coast guard . Sam , here 's the young man you hit with your car . He 's all right . Thank God . What were you doing in the middle of the street ? Don 't pay attention to him . He 's in one of his moods . Quit fiddling with that thing . Come in here to dinner . You already know Lorraine . This is Milton , this is Sally that 's Toby , and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey . So , you 're my uncle Joey . Better get used to these bars , kid . Yes . Joey just loves being in his playpen . He cries whenever we take him out , so we leave him in there all the time . Well , Marty , I hope you like meat loaf . - Well , listen , I really ought to ... - Sit here , Marty . Sam , stop fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner . Look at it roll . Now we can watch Jackie Gleason while we eat . Our first television set . Dad just picked it up today . Do you have a television ? Well , yeah . You know , we have two of them . Wow ! You must be rich . Honey , he 's teasing you . Nobody has two television sets . I 've seen this one . This is a classic . This is where Ralph dresses up as a man from space . What do you mean , you 've seen this ? It 's brand-new . Yeah , well , I saw it on a rerun . What 's a rerun ? You 'll find out . You know , Marty , you look so familiar to me . Do I know your mother ? Yeah , I think maybe you do . Then I 'll call her . I don 't want her to worry about you . You can 't . That is , nobody 's home . Yet . Listen . Do you know where Riverside Drive is ? It 's on the other end of town . A block past Maple . East end of town . A block past Maple . That 's John F. Kennedy Drive . Who the hell is John F. Kennedy ? Mother ? With Marty 's parents out of town don 't you think he ought to spend the night ? After all , Dad almost killed him with the car . That 's true , Marty . I think you should spend the night . I think you 're our responsibility . - Well , gee , I don 't know . - He can sleep in my room . I got to go ! Thanks very much . You were all great . See you all later . Much later . He 's a very strange young man . He 's an idiot . Comes from upbringing . His parents are probably idiots , too . Lorraine , you ever have a kid who acts that way , I 'll disown you . Doc ? Don 't say a word . No names . I want to know nothing about you . Listen , Doc ... Quiet ! Don 't tell me anything . You got to help ... Quiet . I 'm going to read your thoughts . Let 's see now . You come here from a great distance ? - Yeah . Exactly . - Don 't tell me ! You want me to subscribe to the Saturday Evening Post . - No . - Not a word now ! Quiet . Donations . You want me to make a donation to the Coast Guard Youth Auxiliary . Doc I 'm from the future . I came here in a time machine that you invented . Now , I need your help to get back to the year 1985 . My God ! Do you know what this means ? It means that this damn thing doesn 't work at all ! You got to help me . You are the only one who knows how your time machine works . Time machine ? I haven 't invented any time machine . Okay . I 'll prove it to you . Look at my driver 's license . Expires 1987 . Look at my birthday . I haven 't even been born yet . And look at this picture . It 's my brother , my sister and me . Look at her sweatshirt , Doc . " Class of 1984 " ? Pretty mediocre photographic fakery . They cut off your brother 's hair . I 'm telling the truth . You got to believe me . Then tell me , future boy who 's president of the United States in 1985 ? - Ronald Reagan . - Ronald Reagan ? The actor ? Then who 's vice president ? Jerry Lewis ? I suppose Jane Wyman is the First Lady . Wait , Doc ! And Jack Benny is treasury secretary . Listen to me . I 've had enough jokes for one evening . Good night , future boy ! No , wait , Doc . The bruise on your head . I know how that happened . You told me . You were standing on your toilet hanging a clock and you fell and hit your head on the sink . That 's when you got the idea for the flux capacitor which is what makes time travel possible . There 's something wrong with the starter , so I hid it here . After I fell off my toilet I drew this . The flux capacitor . It works ! It works ! I finally invent something that works ! You bet your ass it works . We 've got to sneak this back to my laboratory . We 've got to get you home ! This is it . Never mind that now . Why , that 's me ! Look at me ! - I 'm an old man ! - I 'm Dr. Emmett Brown . I 'm in the Twin Pines Mall parking lot . Thank God , I 've still got my hair . What 's this thing I 'm wearing ? This is a radiation suit . Radiation suit ? Of course . ' Cause of all the fallout from the atomic wars . This is truly amazing . A portable television studio . No wonder your president has to be an actor . He has to look good on TV . This is the part coming up . This sucker 's electrical but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts ... What did I just say ? ... this sucker 's electrical , but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts of ... - 1.21 gigawatts ! 1.21 gigawatts . Great Scott ! What the hell is a gigawatt ? How could I have been so careless ? 1.21 gigawatts ! Tom , how am I going to generate that kind of power ? It can 't be done , can it ? Doc , look . All we need is a little plutonium . I 'm sure that in 1985 plutonium is available in every corner drugstore but in 1955 , it 's a little hard to come by . Marty , I 'm sorry , but I 'm afraid you 're stuck here . Doc , stuck here ? I can 't be stuck here . I got a life in 1985 . - I got a girl . - Is she pretty ? Doc , she 's beautiful . She 's crazy about me . Look at this . Look what she wrote here . That says it all . Doc , you 're my only hope . Marty , I 'm sorry , but the only power source capable of generating 1.21 gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning . What did you say ? A bolt of lightning . Unfortunately , you never know when or where it 's ever going to strike . We do now . This is it ! This is the answer . It says here that a bolt of lightning is going to strike the clock tower at 10 : 04 p. m . Next Saturday night ! If we could somehow harness this lightning channel it into the flux capacitor it just might work . Next Saturday night we 're sending you back to the future ! All right . Saturday 's good . I can spend a week in 1955 . I can hang out . You can show me around . That is out of the question . You must not leave this house . You must not see or talk to anybody . Anything you do can have repercussions on future events . Do you understand ? Yeah . Sure . Okay . Marty have you interacted with anybody else today besides me ? Yeah , well , I might 've sort of bumped into my parents . Great Scott ! Let me see that photograph again of your brother . Just as I thought . This proves my theory . Look at your brother . His head 's gone . It 's like it 's been erased . Erased from existence . They really cleaned this place up . Looks brand-new . According to my theory , you interfered with your parents ' first meeting . If they don 't meet , they won 't fall in love , get married or have kids . That 's why your brother 's disappearing . Your sister will follow , and unless you repair the damage , you 're next . Sounds heavy . Weight has nothing to do with it . Which one 's your pop ? That 's him . Okay . Okay , you guys . Very funny . You guys are being real mature . Maybe you were adopted . Okay , real mature , guys . Okay , pick up my books . McFly . That 's Strickland . Jesus , didn 't that guy ever have hair ? Shape up , man . You 're a slacker . Do you want to be a slacker for the rest of your life ? No . - What did your mother see in him ? - I don 't know . I guess she felt sorry for him 'cause her dad hit him with the car . He hit me with the car . That 's the Florence Nightingale effect . It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients . Go to it , kid . George , buddy . I have been looking all over for you . You remember me , the guy who saved your life the other day ? - Yeah . - There 's somebody I 'd like you to meet . Lorraine ? Calvin ! I 'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly . Hi . It 's really a pleasure to meet you . - How 's your head ? - Good . Fine . I 've been worried about you ever since you ran off the other night . Are you okay ? - I 'm sorry . I have to go . - Come on ! Isn 't he a dreamboat ? - She didn 't even look at him . - This is more serious than I thought . Your mother is infatuated with you instead of your father . Wait a minute , Doc . Are you trying to tell me that my mother has got the hots for me ? - Precisely . - This is heavy . There 's that word again . " Heavy . " Why are things so heavy in the future ? Is there a problem with the Earth 's gravity ? The only way we 're going to get them to mate is if they 're alone . You 've got to get them to interact in some sort of social ... - You mean like a date ? - Right ! What kind of date ? What do kids do in the ' 50s ? They 're your parents . You must know them . What are their common interests ? What do they like to do together ? Nothing . Look ! There 's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up . The Enchantment Under the Sea dance ! They 're supposed to go to this . - That 's where they kiss for the first time . - All right , kid . You stick to your father like glue and make sure he takes her to that dance . George , buddy remember that girl I introduced you to , Lorraine ? What are you writing ? Stories . Science fiction stories about visitors ... Get out of town ! I didn 't know you did anything creative . - Let me read some . - No , no . I never let anybody read my stories . Why not ? What if they didn 't like them ? What if they told me I was no good ? I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand . No . No , not hard at all . So anyway , George . About Lorraine . She really likes you . She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under the Sea dance . - Really ? - Yeah . All you got to do is go over there and ask her . Right here , right now , in the cafeteria ? What if she said no ? I don 't know if I could take that kind of rejection . Besides , I think she 'd rather go with somebody else . Who ? Biff . - Don 't kid around . Come on . - Come on . Leave . You know you want it . You know you want me to give it to you . Shut your filthy mouth . I 'm not that kind of girl . Maybe you are and you just don 't know it yet . Get your meat hooks off of me . You heard her . She said , get your meat hooks off . Please . What 's it to you , butthead ? You been looking for a fight . Since you 're new here , I 'm going to cut you a break today . So why don 't you make like a tree and get out of here . George ! Why do you keep following me ? George , I 'm telling you , if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance I 'll regret it for the rest of my life . - I can 't go . I 'll miss my favorite TV program , Science Fiction Theatre . Yeah , but Lorraine wants to go with you . Give her a break . I 'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance and not you or anybody else on this planet is going to make me change my mind . Science Fiction Theatre . Who are you ? Silence , Earthling . My name is Darth Vader . I am an extraterrestrial from the planet Vulcan . Marty ! - Marty ! Marty ! - George , buddy . You weren 't at school . What have you been doing ? I overslept . I need your help . I have to ask Lorraine out , but I don 't know how to do it . Keep your pants on . She 's over in the cafe . God ! How do you ... ? What made you change your mind ? Last night , Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan and told me that if I didn 't take Lorraine out , he 'd melt my brain . Let 's just keep this brain-melting stuff to ourselves , okay ? - Yeah . Yeah . - All right . There she is . Just go in there and invite her . But I don 't know what to say . Say anything . Say whatever 's natural , the first thing that comes into your mind . Nothing 's coming to my mind . Jesus . It 's a wonder I was even born . - What ? What ? - Nothing . Tell her destiny brought you together . Tell her she is the most beautiful girl you have ever seen in the world . Girls like that stuff . - What are you doing ? - I 'm writing this down . This is good stuff . - Yeah . Okay . Can you take care of that ? - Right . Lou , give me a milk . Chocolate . Lorraine . My density has popped me to you . What ? What I meant to say was ... Wait a minute . Don 't I know you from somewhere ? Yes . Yes . I 'm George . George McFly . I 'm your density . I mean your destiny . McFly . I thought I told you never to come in here . Well , it 's going to cost you . How much money you got on you ? How much do you want , Biff ? All right , punk . - Now I 'm going to ... - Biff . What 's that ? That 's Calvin Klein . My God , he 's a dream . Kid ! Kid , stop ! Stop ! I 'll get it back to you . You broke it ! Come back here ! Look at him go ! Get him ! To the car ! Go ! What 's that thing he 's on ? A board with wheels . He 's an absolute dream . Come on , come on ! Look out for the car ! I 'm going to ram him . Shit ! Thanks a lot , kid . I 'm going to get that son of a bitch . - Where does he come from ? - Yeah , where does he live ? I don 't know but I 'm going to find out . My God . They found me . I don 't know how , but they found me . Run for it , Marty ! My God . They found me . I don 't know how , but they found me . Run for it , Marty ! Doc ? Hi , Marty . I didn 't hear you come in . Fascinating device , this video unit . Listen , Doc . I haven 't told you about ... One shouldn 't know about his own destiny . - You don 't understand . - I do . If I know too much I endanger my own existence just as you 've endangered yours . You 're right . Let me show you my plan for sending you home . Please excuse the crudity of this model . I didn 't have time to build it to scale or paint it . - It 's good . - Thank you . We run industrial-strength electrical cable from the top of the clock tower down , suspending it over the street between these two lampposts . Meanwhile , we 've outfitted the time vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux capacitor . At the calculated moment you start off from down the street driving directly toward the cable , accelerating to 88 miles per hour . According to the flyer , at precisely 10 : 04 p. m . This Saturday night lightning will strike the clock tower , electrifying the cable as the connecting hook makes contact thereby sending 1.21 gigawatts into the flux capacitor and sending you back to 1985 . All right , now . Watch this . You wind up the car and release it . I 'll simulate the lightning . Ready . Set . Release . You 're instilling me with a lot of confidence . Don 't worry . I 'll take care of ideas . You take care of your pop . By the way what happened today ? Did he ask her out ? - I think so . - What did she say ? It 's your mom ! She 's tracked you down ! Quick ! Let 's cover the time machine . Hi , Cal ... Marty . Lorraine . How did you know I was here ? I followed you . This is my doc ... My uncle Doc Brown . - Hi . - Hi . Marty , this may seem a little forward but I was kind of wondering if you 'd ask me to the Enchantment Under the Sea dance on Saturday ? You mean ... You mean nobody 's asked you ? No . Not yet . - What about George ? - George McFly ? He 's kind of cute and all , but not ... Well ... I think a man should be strong so he can stand up for himself and protect the woman he loves . Don 't you ? Yeah . I still don 't understand . How am I supposed to go to the dance with her if she 's already going to the dance with you ? Well , because , George , she wants to go with you . She just doesn 't know it yet . That 's why we got to show her that you , George , are a fighter . You 're somebody who stands up for yourself and will protect her . Yeah , but I 've never picked a fight in my entire life . Look , you 're not going to be picking a fight , Dad ... Dad-dad-daddy-o . You 're coming to her rescue , right ? Let 's go over the plan again . 8 : 55 , where are you going to be ? I 'm going to be at the dance . - And where am I going to be ? - You 'll be in the car , with her . Right around 9 : 00 , she 's going to get very angry with me . Why is she going to get angry with you ? Well , because , George , nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them . - You 're going to go touch her on her ... - No . No , George , look . It 's just an act , right ? So , 9 : 00 , you 're strolling through the parking lot . You see us struggling in the car . You walk up , you open the door , and you say ... Your line , George . Hey , you , get your damn hands off her ! - You really think I ought to swear ? - Definitely . Goddamn it , George , swear . Okay . So now you come up . You punch me in the stomach . I 'm out for the count , right ? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after . You make it sound so easy . I just ... I wish I wasn 't so scared . There 's nothing to be scared of . All it takes is self-confidence . You know , if you put your mind to it you can accomplish anything . Hill Valley weather this Saturday night . Mostly clear , with some scattered clouds . Lows tonight , in the upper forties . Are you sure about this storm ? Since when can weathermen predict the weather , let alone the future ? You know , Marty , I 'm going to be very sad to see you go . You 've made a difference in my life , given me something to shoot for . Just knowing that I 'm going to be around to see 1985 . That I 'm going to succeed in this ! That I 'm going to have a chance to travel through time ! It 's going to be hard waiting 30 years to talk to you about everything that 's happened in the past few days . I 'm really going to miss you , Marty . I 'm going to miss you . - Doc , about the future ... - No ! We 've agreed that information about the future can be extremely dangerous . Even if your intentions are good , it can backfire drastically . Whatever you 've got to tell me I 'll find out through the natural course of time . " Dear Dr. Brown : " On the night that I go back in time ... " ... you will be ... " ... shot by terrorists . " Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster . " Your friend ... " ... Marty . " 'Evening , Dr. Brown . What 's with the wire ? Just a little weather experiment . - What you got under here ? - No ! Don 't touch that ! Some new , specialized weather-sensing equipment . Got a permit for that ? Of course I do . Just a second . Let me see if I can find it here . Do you mind if we park for a while ? That 's a great idea . I 'd love to park . I 'm almost 18 years old . It 's not like I 've never parked before . What ? Marty , you seem so nervous . Is something wrong ? No . No . Lorraine , what are you doing ? I swiped it from the old lady 's liquor cabinet . Yeah , well , you shouldn 't drink . - Why not ? - Because you ... You might regret it later in life . Marty , don 't be such a square . Everybody who 's anybody drinks . Jeez , you smoke too ? You 're beginning to sound just like my mother . We 're going to take a little break , but we 'll be back in a while so don 't nobody go nowhere . Marty ? Why are you so nervous ? Lorraine have you ever been in a situation where you knew you had to act a certain way , but when you got there , you didn 't know if you could go through with it ? You mean like how you 're supposed to act on a first date ? Sort of . I think I know exactly what you mean . You do ? You know what I do in those situations ? - What ? - I don 't worry . This is all wrong . I don 't know what it is but when I kiss you , it 's like I 'm kissing my brother . I guess that doesn 't make any sense , does it ? Believe me it makes perfect sense . Somebody 's coming . You caused $ 300 damage to my car , you son of a bitch and I 'm going to take it out of your ass . Hold him . Let him go , Biff . You 're drunk . Well , lookee what we have here . No ! Stay right here with me . Come on , Lorraine . Let me go ! Leave her alone ! Take him in back . I 'll be right there . Just admit that you want it . Come on . Well , go on . This ain 't no peep show . Hey , let 's put him in there . Yeah ! That 's for messing up my hair . What the hell are you doing to my car ? Hey , beat it , spook . This don 't concern you . Who you calling spook , peckerwood ? Listen , guys I don 't want to mess with no reefer addicts , okay ? Get home to your mama , boy . Biff ! Hurry , Biff ! Let me out of here ! Reginald , where are your keys ? The keys are in the trunk . Say that again ? I said , the keys are in here . Let me go ! Come on ! Hey you , get your damn hands off ... I think you got the wrong car , McFly . George , help me ! Please ! Just turn around , McFly , and walk away . Please , George . Are you deaf ? Close the door and beat it . No , Biff . You leave her alone . All right , McFly . You 're asking for it and now you 're going to get it . Stop it ! Biff , you 'll break his arm ! Biff , no ! Give me a hand here , Reginald . Damn it , man ! I sliced my hand ! - Whose are these ? - Mine . Thanks . Thanks a lot . You 're going to break his arm ! Biff ! Biff , leave him alone ! Let him go ! Let him go ! Are you okay ? Who is that guy ? That 's George McFly . That 's George McFly ? Excuse me . The storm . Guys , you got to get back in there and finish the dance . Look at Marvin 's hand . He can 't play with this hand , and we can 't play without him . Marvin , you got to play . They kiss for the first time at the dance . If there 's no music , they can 't dance . If they can 't dance and kiss , then they can 't fall in love and I 'm history . The dance is over unless you know somebody that can play the guitar . This is for all you lovers out there . " Earth Angel , Earth Angel " Will you be mine " My darling dear " George , aren 't you going to kiss me ? I don 't know . Scram , McFly . I 'm cutting in . " Earth Angel , Earth Angel " The one I adore " Hey , boy , you all right ? I can 't play . George ! George ! George . Excuse me . " The vision of your happiness " Earth Angel , Earth Angel " Please be mine " My darling dear " Love you for all time " I 'm just a fool " A fool in love " with you " Yeah , man , that was good . Let 's do another one . No . I got to go . Come on , man . Let 's do something that really cooks . Something that cooks . All right . All right ! All right . All right , this is an oldie , but ... Well , it 's an oldie where I come from . All right , listen , this is a blues riff in B. Watch me for the changes , and try and keep up , okay ? " Way down in Louisiana Down in New Orleans " Way back up in the woods among the evergreens " There stood a log cabin made of earth and wood " Where lived a country boy name of Johnny B. Goode " He never ever learned to read or write so well " He could play the guitar just like he 's ringin ' a bell " Go go Go Johnny go , go " Go Johnny , go , go , go " Go Johnny go , go " George , I heard you laid out Biff . Nice going . You ever think of running for class president ? " Johnny B. Goode " Go Johnny go , go " Go Johnny go , go , go " Go Johnny go , go " Go Johnny go , go , go " Johnny B. Goode " Chuck ! Chuck , it 's Marvin . Your cousin , Marvin Berry ? You know that new sound you 're looking for ? Well , listen to this . I guess you guys aren 't ready for that yet but your kids are going to love it . Lorraine . Marty , that was very interesting music . Yeah . I hope you don 't mind , but George asked if he could take me home . Great ! Good . Good , Lorraine . I had a feeling about you two . I have a feeling , too . Listen , I got to go , but I wanted to tell you that it 's been educational . Marty , will we ever see you again ? I guarantee it . Well , Marty , I want to thank you for all your good advice . I 'll never forget it . Right , George . Well , good luck , you guys . One other thing . If you guys ever have kids and one of them , when he 's eight years old accidentally sets fire to the living room rug go easy on him . Okay . Marty . Such a nice name . Damn ! Where is that kid ? Damn ! Damn ! Damn ! You 're late ! Do you have no concept of time ? Hey , come on . I had to change . Do you think I 'm going back in that zoot suit ? The old man really came through . It worked . He laid out Biff in one punch . I didn 't know he had it in him . He 's never stood up to Biff in his life . - Never ? - No . Why ? What 's the matter ? All right ! Let 's set your destination time . This is the exact time you left . Let 's send you back at exactly the same time . It 'll be like you never left . Now , I painted a white line on the street way over there . That 's where you 'll start from . I 've calculated the precise distance taking into account the acceleration speed and wind resistance retroactive from the moment the lightning strikes which will be in exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds . When this alarm goes off , you hit the gas . Right . Well , I guess that 's everything . - Thanks . - Thank you . See you in about 30 years . I hope so . Don 't worry ! As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles an hour the instant the lightning strikes the tower ... Everything will be fine . Right . - What 's the meaning of this ? - You 'll find out in 30 years . It 's about the future , isn 't it ? Information about the future . Wait a minute . I warned you about this , kid . The consequences could be disastrous ! Doc , that 's a risk you 're going to have to take . - Your life depends on it ! - No ! I refuse to accept the responsibility . In that case , I 'll tell you straight out . Great Scott ! You get the cable , I 'll throw the rope down to you . Right ! I got it ! Doc ! Come on , come on . Let 's go ! All right ! Take it up ! Go ! Doc ! I have to tell you about the future . What ? I have to tell you about the future ! What ? On the night I go back in time you get ... Doc ! Go ! - No , Doc ! - Look at the time ! You 've got less than four minutes . Please , hurry ! Yeah ! Damn it , Doc ! Why did you have to tear up that letter ? If I only had more time . Wait a minute . I got all the time I want . I got a time machine . I can just go back early and warn him . Okay . Ten minutes ought to do it . Okay . Time circuit 's on . Flux capacitor , fluxing . Engine running . All right . No . No , no . Come on . Come on . Not this time . Come on . Here we go . Here we go . This time . Come on . Please . Please . Come on ! Doc . Crazy drunk driver . All right . Fred . You look great . Everything looks great . 1 : 24 . I still got time . I 'm coming , Doc ! No ! No , not again ! Come on ! Come on ! Libyans . No ! Bastards ! Go ! Doc ! Doc ! No ! You 're alive . Bulletproof vest ? How did you know ? I never got a chance to tell you . What about all that talk about screwing up future events ? The space-time continuum ? Well , I figured , what the hell . So how far ahead are you going ? About 30 years . It 's a nice round number . Look me up when you get there , all right ? Guess I 'll be about 47 . I will . Take care . You , too . Right . Bye-bye , Einie . And watch that re-entry . It 's a little bumpy . You bet . What a nightmare . If Paul calls , tell him I 'm working at the boutique late . Linda , I 'm not your answering service and somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago . Which one was it ? I can 't keep up with your boyfriends . What the hell is this ? Breakfast . Did you sleep in your clothes again ? Yeah . L ... What are you wearing , Dave ? Marty I always wear a suit to the office . You all right ? Yeah . We need a rematch . A rematch ? - Why ? Were you cheating ? - No . - Hello . - Good morning . Mom ! Dad ! Hit your head ? Are you okay ? You guys look great . Mom , you look so thin . Why , thank you , Marty . George ! Good morning , sleepyhead . Good morning , kids . 'Morning . Marty , I almost forgot . Jennifer Parker called . I sure like her . She is such a sweet girl . Isn 't tonight the night of the big date ? What ? What , Ma ? Aren 't you going up to the lake ? You 've been planning it for two weeks . We talked about this . How can I go to the lake ? The car 's wrecked . Wrecked ? Wrecked ? When did this happen ? Why wasn 't I told ? I 'm sure the car is fine . Why am I the last to know ? See ? There 's Biff out there waxing it now . Now , Biff , I want to make sure we get two coats of wax , not just one . - I 'm just finishing up the second coat now . - Now , Biff , don 't con me . I 'm sorry , Mr. McFly . I meant I was just starting on the second coat . Biff . What a character . Always trying to get away with something . I 've had to stay on top of Biff ever since high school . But , if it wasn 't for him ... We 'd never have fallen in love . Mr. McFly ! Mr. McFly , this just arrived . Hi , Marty . I think it 's your new book . Honey ! Your first novel . I 've always told you , if you put your mind to it , you can accomplish anything . Marty , here 's your keys . You 're all waxed up , ready for tonight . Keys ? - How about a ride , mister ? - Jennifer ! Are you a sight for sore eyes . Let me look at you . Marty , you 're acting like you haven 't seen me in a week . I haven 't . You okay ? Is everything all right ? Yeah . Everything is great . Marty ! You 've got to come back with me ! - Where ? - Back to the future . What are you doing , Doc ? I need fuel . Go ahead . Quick ! Get in the car . No , no . I just got here . Jennifer 's here . We 're taking the new truck for a spin . Bring her along . This concerns her , too . What are you talking about ? What happens to us in the future ? - Do we become assholes or something ? - No , Marty . Both you and Jennifer turn out fine . It 's your kids , Marty . Something has got to be done about your kids . We better back up . We don 't have enough road to get up to 88 . Roads ? Where we 're going , we don 't need roads . Subtitles by SOFTITLER [ Hinges creaking ] [ Soft instrumental music ] How about a ride , mister ? Jennifer . MARTY : Man , are you a sight for sore eyes . Let me look at you . Marty , you 're acting like you haven 't seen me in a week . I haven 't . Are you okay ? Is everything all right ? Yeah . Everything 's great . [ Electrical explosions ] [ Tires screeching ] [ Engine revving down ] Marty ! You 've got to come back with me . - Where ? - Back to the future . - Wait a minute . What are you doing , Doc ? - I need fuel . Go ahead . Quick . Get in the car . No . Look , Doc , I just got here . Jennifer 's here . We 're going to take the new truck for a spin . Bring her along . This concerns her , too . Wait a minute . What are you talking about ? What happens to us in the future ? Do we become assholes or something ? No . You and Jennifer both turn out fine . It 's your kids , Marty . Something 's got to be done about them . [ Tires screeching ] Doc , you better back up . We don 't have enough road to get up to 88 . Roads ? Where we 're going , we don 't need roads . BIFF : Say , Marty ! Marty , I wanted to show you these new matchbooks for my auto detailing I had printed up . A flying DeLorean ? [ Adventurous instrumental music ] [ Electrical explosion ] What the hell is going on here ? [ Ominous instrumental music ] [ Adventurous instrumental music ] [ Zooming and whooshing ] [ Electrical explosions ] [ Frightened screaming ] [ Cars honking ] - What the hell was that ? - Taxicab . - Taxicab ? I thought we were flying . - Precisely . All right , Doc . What 's going on ? Where are we ? When are we ? We 're descending toward Hill Valley , California at 4 : 29 p . M on Wednesday , October 21 , 2015 . 2015 ? You mean we 're in the future . What do you mean ? How can we be in the future ? Jennifer I don 't know how to tell you this , but you 're in a time machine . JENNIFER : And this is the year 2015 ? DOC : October 21 , 2015 . God , so , like , you weren 't kidding . Marty , we can actually see our future . You said we were married , right ? DOC : Yeah ... JENNIFER : Yeah ? Was it a big wedding ? JENNIFER : We 're going to see our wedding ! MARTY : Wow . JENNIFER : I 'll see my wedding dress . MARTY : Wow . I wonder where we live . I bet it 's a big house with lots of kids . JENNIFER : How many kids ... MARTY : Doc ! What the hell are you doing ? DOC : Relax . It 's a sleep-inducing alpha rhythm generator . No one should know too much about their future . When she wakes up , she 'll think it was a dream . MARTY : What did you bring her for ? DOC : I had to do something . She saw the time machine . I couldn 't leave her with that information . Don 't worry . She 's not essential to my plan . Well , you 're the doc , Doc . Here 's our exit . [ Adventurous instrumental music ] DOC : You 've got to get out and change clothes . MARTY : Right now ? It 's pouring rain . Wait five more seconds . Right on the tick . DOC : Amazing . Absolutely amazing . Too bad the post office isn 't as efficient as the weather service . [ Mysterious instrumental music ] DOC : Excuse the disguise , but I was afraid you wouldn 't recognize me . I went to a rejuvenation clinic and got a whole natural overhaul . Took out some wrinkles , did a hair repair , changed the blood added 30 or 40 years to my life . They also replaced my spleen and colon . What do you think ? You look great , Doc . The future . Unbelievable . - I got to check this out , Doc . - All in good time . - We 're on a tight schedule . - Tell me about my future . Do I become , like , a rich rock star ? No one should know too much about their destiny . - I am rich , though , right ? - Marty , please , take off your shirt . Put on the jacket and the shoes . Got a mission to accomplish . [ Dramatic instrumental music ] Precisely on schedule . [ Beeping ] Power laces . All right . [ Beeping ] [ Watch alarm beeping ] This thing doesn 't fit . JACKET : Size-adjusting fit . DOC : Pull out your pants pockets . All kids here wear their pants inside out . Put on this cap . Perfect . You 're the spitting image of your future son . MARTY : What ? DOC : Help me move Jennifer over here . MARTY : So what 's the deal ? DOC : Grab her feet . Okay , now what ? In exactly two minutes , you go around the corner into the Cafe ' 80s . MARTY : Cafe ' 80s ? DOC : It 's one of those nostalgia places , but not done well . Go in and order a Pepsi . Here 's $ 50 . Wait for a guy named Griff . Right . Griff . Griff 's going to ask about tonight . Are you in or out ? Tell him you are out . Whatever he says , say no , you 're not interested . Then leave , come back here and wait for me . Don 't talk to anyone . Don 't touch anything . Don 't do anything . Don 't interact with anyone and try not to look at anything . I don 't get it . - You said this had to do with my kids . - Look what happens to your son . My son ? MARTY : God , he looks just like me . MARTY : " Within two hours of his arrest , Martin McFly Jr ... " ... was tried , convicted , and sentenced to 15 years in the state penitentiary " ? Within two hours ? The justice system works swiftly now that they 've abolished lawyers . This is heavy . It gets worse . Your daughter tries to break him out and gets sent up for 20 years . My daughter . I have a daughter ? This one event starts a chain reaction that completely destroys your entire family . Doc , this date ... This is tomorrow 's newspaper . Precisely . I already went further ahead into time to see what else happens . I backtracked everything to this one event . We 're here to prevent this event from happening . Damn ! I 'm late ! Where are you going now ? To intercept the real Marty Jr . You 're taking his place . The Cafe ' 80s , guy named Griff , just say no ! What about Jennifer ? We can 't just leave her here . She 'll be safe . It 'll just be for a few minutes . Marty , be careful . That Griff has a few short circuits in his bionic implants . [ Portentous instrumental music ] MARTY : The future . GAS STATION : Welcome to Texaco . You can trust your car to the system with the star . Checking oil . Checking landing gear . [ Ominous Jaws theme playing ] Shark still looks fake . Hi , friends . Goldie Wilson III for Wilson Hover Conversion Systems . You know , when my grandpa was mayor of Hill Valley he had to worry about traffic problems but now you don 't have to worry about traffic . I 'll hover-convert your old road car into a skyway flier for only $ 39,999.95 . So come on down and see me Goldie Wilson III , at any one of our 29 convenient locations . Remember , Keep ' Em Flying . [ Michael Jackson 's Beat It playing in restaurant ] MICHAEL JACKSON : It 's got a hot salsa , avocados cilantro mixed with your choice of beans , chicken beef or pork . CUSTOMER : Waiter . Waiter . [ Electric motors ] REAGAN : Welcome to the Cafe ' 80s where it 's always morning in America , even in the afternoon . Our special today is mesquite-grilled sushi . AYATOLLAH : Have the hostage special ! REAGAN : Cajun style . AYATOLLAH : The hostage special ! AYATOLLAH : You must have the hostage special ! All I want is a Pepsi . McFly ! Yeah . I seen you around . You 're Marty McFly 's kid , aren 't you ? - Biff ? - You 're Marty Jr . Tough break , kid . Must be rough being named after a complete butthead . What 's that mean ? Hello . Hello . Anybody home ? Think , McFly , think ! Your old man ? Mr. Loser ? - What ? - That 's right . Loser with a capital " L. " Look , I happen to know George McFly is ... I 'm not talking about George McFly . I 'm talking about his kid . Your old man , Marty McFly Sr. ? The man who took his life and flushed it completely down the toilet . I did ? I mean , he did ? GRIFF : Hey , Gramps I told you two coats of wax on my car , not just one ! BIFF : I just put the second coat on last week . - With your eyes closed ? - Are you two related ? Hello ? Hello ? Anybody home ? You think Griff called me Grandpa for his health ? MARTY : He 's Griff ? GRIFF : Gramps ! What the hell am I paying you for ? BIFF : Kid , say hello to your grandma for me . GRIFF : Get out of there , Gramps . BIFF : Take it easy ! And McFly , don 't go anywhere ! You 're next ! BOY : This is a video game . [ Beeps and bloops ] I got it working . BOY : My dad taught me about these . MARTY : It is Wild Gunman . BOY : How do you play this thing ? I 'll show you , kid . I 'm a crack shot at this . BOY : You mean you have to use your hands ? That 's like a baby 's toy . Baby 's toy ? MARTY JR : Pepsi Perfect . - Damn ! - Pepsi . GRIFF : McFly ! I thought I told you to stay in here ! Guys , how 's it going ? GRIFF : McFly ! MARTY JR : Yeah ? GRIFF : McFly ! MARTY JR : What ? Your shoe 's unbelted . So , McFly , have you made a decision about tonight 's opportunity ? Yeah , Griff . I was thinking about how I 'm not sure because it might be dangerous . What 's wrong , McFly ? VIXEN : You got no scrote ? He 's a complete wimp . GRIFF : What 's it going to be , McFly ? Are you in or out ? I just , I 'm not sure that I should . I should discuss it with my father . GANG : Your father ? Wrong answer , McFly ! You lose ! MARTY JR : Okay , Griff , I 'll do it . Whatever you say . Stay down and shut up . GRIFF : Keep pedaling , you two ! GRIFF : Now let 's hear the right answer . GRIFF : Well ! Since when did you become the physical type ? The answer 's no , Griff . - No ? - What are you , deaf and stupid ? I said no ! GRIFF : What 's wrong , McFly ? Chicken ? [ Dramatic overture ] [ Synthesized clucking ] MARTY : What did you call me , Griff ? Chicken , McFly ! Nobody calls me ... [ Hesitant laugh ] ... chicken . [ Electricity surging ] [ Michael Jackson 's Beat It playing ] [ Electric motors whirring ] - All right , punk ! - Look ! MARTY : Stop ! Little girl , little girl . Stop . Look , I need to borrow your " hoverboard . " LACKEY : Where is he ? MARTY : Here . LACKEY : There ! [ Adventurous instrumental music ] He 's on a hoverboard . LACKEY : Get the boards ! VIXEN : Get McFly ! LACKEY : Get him ! VIXEN : Yeah , we got him ! [ Landing jets firing ] There 's something very familiar about all this . LACKEY : McFly , you bojo ! - Those boards don 't work on water ! - Unless you 've got power ! [ Ominous instrumental music ] [ Aggressive whirring ] Hook on ! Batter up ! [ Jets firing ] [ Desperate screams ] [ Windows shattering ] Holy shit ! Buttheads . [ Electronic beeping ] JACKET : Drying mode on . Jacket drying . [ Confirmation beep ] Your jacket is now dry . [ Distant police sirens ] Hey , kid . Hey , little girl , thanks . Keep it . I got a Pit Bull now . GIRL : Come on . SOLICITOR : Save the clock tower ! Throw in $ 100 and help save the clock tower . Sorry , no . - That 's an important historical landmark ! - Some other time . SOLICITOR : Lightning struck that thing 60 years ago . MARTY : Wait a minute . Cubs win World Series ... - Against Miami ? - Yeah , it 's something , huh ? Who would 've thought ? 100-1 shot ! I wish I could go back to the beginning of the season bet on the Cubs . - I just meant Miami ... What did you just say ? I wish I could go back to the beginning of the season , bet on the Cubbies ! SALESLADY : This has an interesting feature . It has a dust jacket . Books had these to protect the covers . That was before dust-repellent paper . If you 're interested in dust , we have something from the 1980s called a Dustbuster . MARTY : I can 't lose . DOC : Up here ! - Doc , what 's going on ? - Stand by . I 'll park over there . MARTY : Yeah , all right . MARTY : Hey , right on time . Flying DeLorean ? BIFF : I haven 't seen one in 30 years . MARTY JR : Sorry . Excuse me . Sorry . MARTY JR : I 'm walking here ! I 'm walking here ! - What the hell ? - Don 't drive trank , low-res scuzzball ! Two of them ? DOC : I left him in a suspended animation kennel . Einstein never knew I was gone ! Marty ! What in the name of Sir Isaac H. Newton happened here ? Doc , my kid showed up . All hell broke loose . Your kid ? Great Scott , I was afraid of this . I used it on Jennifer . There wasn 't enough power left to knock your son out for a full hour . Doc , Doc , look at this ! It 's changing . GRIFF : I was framed ! Yes ! Yes , of course ! DOC : Because this hoverboard incident occurred , Griff goes to jail . Your son won 't go with him tonight . That robbery won 't take place ! History , future history , has been altered , and this is proof ! We 've succeeded , not as planned , but no matter . Let 's get Jennifer and go home ! MARTY : Hi , Einie . Hi , buddy . DOC : What 's this ? MARTY : A souvenir . " 50 years of sports statistics . " DOC : Hardly recreational reading material . Doc , what 's the harm in bringing back some info on the future ? We could place some bets . DOC : I didn 't invent the time machine for financial gain ! The intent is to gain a clearer perception of humanity . Our past , our future , the pitfalls , the possibilities the perils , and the promise . Perhaps an answer to that universal question , " Why ? " I 'm all for that . What 's wrong with making a few bucks on the side ? DOC : I am going to put this in the trash . Great Scott ! COP : McFly , Jennifer Jane Parker , 3793 Oakhurst Street Hilldale , age 47 . PARTNER : 47 ? That 's a hell of a good face-lift ! - What 's happening ? - They used her thumbprint to assess her ID . Since thumbprints never change , they assume she 's the future Jennifer . MARTY : We got to stop them . How ? Tell them we 're time travelers ? They 'd have us committed . COP : She 's clean . We take her home . PARTNER : To Hilldale ? We won 't get there before dark . They 're taking her to your future home ! We 'll arrive shortly thereafter , get her , and return to 1985 . I 'll see where I live . See myself as an old man ? No , that could result in ... Great Scott ! Jennifer could conceivably encounter her future self ! The consequences could be disastrous ! - What do you mean ? - I foresee two possibilities . One , seeing herself 30 years older would put her into shock , and she 'd pass out or two , the encounter could create a time paradox and cause a chain reaction that would unravel the space-time continuum and destroy the entire universe ! Granted , that 's a worst-case scenario . The destruction might be localized , limited to our own galaxy . Well , that 's a relief . [ Jets firing ] Let 's go and find Jennifer before she finds herself . DOC : The skyway 's jammed . It 'll take forever to get there . And this stays here ! I didn 't invent the time machine to win at gambling , but to travel through time ! I know . So , Doc Brown invented a time machine . Hilldale . COP : Nothing but a breeding ground for tranks , lobos , and zipheads . PARTNER : Yeah , they ought to tear this whole place down . DOOR : Welcome home , Jennifer . COP : You got a little tranked , but I think you can walk . PARTNER : Ma 'am , you should reprogram . It 's dangerous in the dark . JENNIFER : Lights on ? COP : Yes . Now , look . COP : Just take it easy , and you 'll be fine . And be careful in the future . The future ? Have a nice day , Mrs. McFly . TV : Broadcasting beautiful views 24 hours a day . You 're tuned to the Scenery Channel . I 'm in the future . I get married in the Chapel O Love ? MARLENE : Mom ? Mom , is that you ? JENNIFER : I got to get out of here ! [ Doorbell rings ] MARLENE : Mom ! [ Doorbell rings ] Mom ? Mom , is that you ? MARLENE : Grandma ! LORRAINE : Sweetheart ! Hi ! - What happened to Grandpa ? - He threw his back out again . - How 's Granddad 's little pumpkin ? - How did you do that ? GEORGE : Out on the golf course . LORRAINE : Are your folks home yet ? I brought pizza ! - Who 's going to eat all that ? - I will . Damn this traffic ! Jennifer , old Jennifer gets home around now . I hope we 're not too late . - What is it ? What 's the matter , Doc ? - I thought I saw a taxi . I thought it was following us . LORRAINE : I can 't believe this window 's still broken . MARLENE : When the repairman called Daddy a chicken Daddy threw him out of the house . Now nobody will fix it . Look how worn out this is . LORRAINE : Your father 's biggest problem is that he loses all self-control when someone calls him chicken . How often have we heard it ? " Mom , I can 't let him think I 'm chicken . " You 're right . Well , you 're right ! LORRAINE : About 30 years ago , your father tried to prove he wasn 't chicken . He ended up in an automobile accident . MARLENE : With the Rolls-Royce ? Automobile accident . All right , Einie , let 's find Jennifer . MARTY : I live in Hilldale ? This is great ! DOC : Stay here , change clothes . If I need you , I 'll holler . MARTY : I want to check out my house . DOC : We can 't risk you running into your older self . Einie , let 's go . Hilldale . MARTY : This is bitchin ' . [ Ominous instrumental music ] METER : One , seven , four point five zero . DRIVER : That will be $ 174.50 . BIFF : Here . Be careful in this neighborhood . BIFF : Where 's my receipt ? DRIVER : Right here . PARROT : How about a tip ? [ Parrot laughing ] [ Ominous instrumental music ] That accident caused a chain reaction , sending Marty 's life down the tubes . LORRAINE : Otherwise , your father 's life would have turned out differently . The man wouldn 't have pressed charges Marty wouldn 't have broken his hand , given up on his music and spent years feeling sorry for himself . MARTY JR : Hey , Mom , nice pants . LORRAINE : The reason your mother married him ... Mom ? MARTY JR : Turn off . MARTY JR : I want channels 18 , 24 , 63 , 109 , 87 , and the Weather Channel . TV : Bringing you the world 's weather 24 hours a day . TV : Weather conditions remain the same ... TV : Board-certified implant surgeons ... DOOR : Welcome home , Marty . MARTY JR : Dad 's home . MARTY SR : That 's right . He 's home . Dad 's home . DOOR : Lord of the manor . MARTY SR : Hello . DOOR : King of the castle . MARTY SR : Hello . What the hell is this ? THERMOSTAT : Lithium mode on . Yeah . That 's better . Damned kids . Hey , Son . Watching a little TV for a change ? MARTY : Son of a ... [ Foreboding instrumental music ] MARTY JR : I 'm hungry . MARTY SR : Just wait your turn . MARTY JR : When it 's ready , shove it in my mouth . MARTY SR : Don 't you be a smart-ass . MARTY JR : Hey ! The Atrocity Channel . Hydrate level 4 , please . [ Juices gurgling ] [ Ding ] MARTY JR : Is it ready ? LORRAINE : Here you go . MARTY SR : Mom , you sure can hydrate a pizza . MARTY SR : I 'm sorry . I missed that whole thing . LORRAINE : I 'm just worried about Jennifer . LORRAINE : Why isn 't she home ? MARTY SR : I 'm not sure where Jennifer is , Mom . She should have been home hours ago . - I can 't keep track ... - Fruit ! - Fruit , please . - She 's in one of those moods . LORRAINE : Aren 't you and her getting along ? Yeah . Great , Mom . We 're like a couple of teenagers . [ Phone ringing ] Dad , telephone . It 's Needles . Dad , it 's for you . All right . Well , I 'll take that in the den . Retract . MARTY SR : Hello . In here , please . Hey , the big M. How 's it hanging , McFly ? Hey , Needles . Needles ? Did you look at my little business proposal ? MARTY SR : I don 't know . NEEDLES : Why are you worried ? If this works , your financial problems are solved . And if it doesn 't work , Needles , I could get fired . It 's illegal . I mean , what if the Jits is monitoring ? NEEDLES : The Jits will never find out . MARTY SR : God . Come on . Stick your card in the slot , and I 'll handle it . NEEDLES : Unless you want everyone in the division to think you 're chicken . Nobody calls me chicken , Needles . MARTY SR : Nobody ! NEEDLES : All right . Prove it . All right . MARTY SR : All right , Needles . MARTY SR : Here 's my card . Scan it . I 'm in . NEEDLES : Thanks , McFly . I 'll see you at the plant tomorrow . Shit . McFly ! MARTY SR : Fujitsu-san . McFly I was monitoring that scan you just interfaced . You are terminated ! Terminated . No ! It wasn 't my fault , sir . - Needles was behind it . - And you cooperated . It was a sting operation . I was setting him up . Read my fax ! MARTY SR : No ! Please ! I cannot be fired . I 'm fired . MARTY SR : This is heavy . What am I going to tell Jennifer ? DOC : Jennifer . Jennifer . Doc . Am I glad to see you . Go out the front door . I 'll meet you there . But it doesn 't open . There 's no doorknob . Press your thumb to the plate . What plate ? [ Out-of-tune strumming ] LORRAINE : What does this fax mean ? MARTY SR : Mom . It 's a joke , an office joke . It 's a joke fax . LORRAINE : I heard you yell . MARTY SR : Calm down . I wasn 't yelling . Needles and I were just joking . DOOR : Welcome home , Jennifer . MARTY SR : Lost my job , Mom ? Get out of town . - I 'm young ! - I 'm old ! DOC : Marty ! Marty ! Marty , come quick ! Quick ! [ Cane snaps ] [ Painful groaning ] DOC : She encountered her older self and went into shock . She 'll be fine . Let 's get her back to 1985 . DOC : Then I 'll destroy the time machine . MARTY : Destroy it ? What about that stuff about humanity and where we 're going ? DOC : The risks are too great , as this incident proves . And I was behaving responsibly . Imagine if the time machine fell into the wrong hands ? [ Painful scream ] DOC : My only regret is that I 'll never get a chance to visit my favorite historical era the Old West . But time traveling is just too dangerous . Better that I devote myself to study the other great mystery of the universe : Women . DOC : Marty , Einie , brace yourselves for temporal displacement . [ Electrical explosion ] Did we make it ? Are we back ? [ Airplane jet exhaust ] We 're back . [ Tires screeching ] Let 's put her in the swing . You can return in your truck and wake her . DOC : When she awakens here in her own house you can convince her it was a dream . MARTY : We 're just leaving her here ? Disorientation will help convince her it was a dream . How long will she be out ? DOC : I 'm not quite sure . She received quite a shock . Could be a few minutes , probably a couple of hours . - You better bring smelling salts . - You 're the doc , Doc . Come on . Let 's go , Einie . DOC : Don 't worry . She 'll be fine . I don 't remember bars being on these windows . DOC : If you need me , I 'll be in my lab dismantling this thing . MARTY : Right . What the hell ? [ Hysterical screaming ] MARTY : Wait a minute . What are you doing in my room ? - Rape ! Mom ! - Okay . Okay . GIRL : Dad , help ! DAD : Freeze , sucker ! - I don 't want any trouble . - You got trouble now , you piece of trash . DAD : What are you doing here ? MARTY : I 'm in the wrong house . DAD : You got that right , you son of a ... - Look . I made a mistake . - Damned right you made a mistake ! DAD : I 'm going to tear your ass up ! That 's right . You keep running , sucker ! Tell that realty company that I ain 't selling ! We won 't be terrorized ! [ Apprehensive instrumental music ] [ Distant gunshots and screaming ] [ Dog howling ] [ Foreboding instrumental music ] [ Police sirens approaching ] This has got to be the wrong year . [ Helicopter patrolling overhead ] MARTY : 1985 ? MARTY : It can 't be . STRICKLAND : Drop it . So you 're the son of a bitch who 's been stealing my papers . Mr. Strickland . MARTY : Mr. Strickland . It 's me , sir . Marty . STRICKLAND : Who ? Martin McFly . Don 't you know me from school ? I 've never seen you before in my life , but you look like a slacker . Yeah , that 's right . I am a slacker . - You gave me detention last week . - The school burned down six years ago . You have three seconds to get off my porch with your nuts intact . STRICKLAND : One . MARTY : I just want to know what 's going on . Two . [ Tires screeching ] PUNKS : Strickland ! PUNKS : Yeah ! [ Machine-gun fire ] [ Bullets ricocheting ] [ Panicked gasping ] [ Shotgun blast ] Eat lead , slackers ! [ Battle cry ] [ Rock music plays ] Watch where you 're going , crazy drunk pedestrian . Red . [ Fuse blowing ] RECORDING : Ladies and gentlemen , welcome to the Biff Tannen Museum . Dedicated to Hill Valley 's number one citizen and America 's greatest living folk hero the one and only Biff Tannen . Of course we 've all heard the legend , but who is the man ? Inside you 'll learn how Biff became one of the richest men in America . Learn the amazing history of the Tannen family starting with his grandfather Buford " Mad Dog " Tannen fastest gun in the West . See Biff 's humble beginnings and how a trip to the racetrack on his 21st birthday made him a millionaire overnight . Share in the excitement of a fabulous winning streak that earned him the nickname " The Luckiest Man on Earth . " Learn how Biff parlayed that lucky winning streak into the vast empire called Biffco . Discover how in 1979 Biff successfully lobbied to legalize gambling and turned Hill Valley 's dilapidated courthouse into a beautiful casino hotel . BIFF : I just want to say one thing : God bless America ! RECORDING : Meet the women who shared his passion as he searched for true love and relive Biff 's happiest moment as in 1973 he realized his romantic dream by marrying his high school sweetheart Lorraine Baines McFly . BIFF : Third time 's the charm . MARTY : No ! MARTY : No ! LACKEY : Come with us upstairs . - Let me go . - We can do this the easy way or the hard way . RECORDING : The easy way . [ Dreamy instrumental harp ] MARTY : Mom ? Mom , is that you ? LORRAINE : Just relax , Marty . LORRAINE : You 've been asleep for almost two hours . I had a horrible nightmare . It was terrible . LORRAINE : Well , you 're safe and sound now , back on the good old 27th floor . 27th floor ! Mom ? Mom , that can 't be you . Well , yes , it 's me , Marty . Are you all right ? I 'm fine . I 'm fine . It 's just that you 're so ... You 're so big . Everything 's going to be fine , Marty . Are you hungry ? I can call room service . Room service ? BIFF : Lorraine ! LORRAINE : Oh , my God . It 's your father . My father ? You 're supposed to be in Switzerland , you son of a bitch ! My father ! You got kicked out of another boarding school ? Do you know how much dough I 've blown on your no-good kids ? What the hell do you care ? We can afford it . The least we can do with that money is provide a better life for our children . Hold on . Let 's get this straight . Marty is your kid , not mine . All the world 's money wouldn 't help that lazy bum . LORRAINE : Stop it , Biff . Just stop it . Look at him . He 's a butthead , just like his old man was . Don 't you dare speak that way about George . You 're not even half the man he was . MARTY : You son of a bitch ! [ Tearful moaning ] BIFF : Always the little hothead ? You want to take a poke at me ? LORRAINE : Damn it , Biff . That 's it . I 'm leaving . So go ahead . Think about this , Lorraine ! Who 's going to pay for your clothes ? And your jewelry and liquor ? Who 's going to pay for your cosmetic surgery ? You were the one who wanted me to get these things . If you want them back , you can have them . BIFF : Look , Lorraine . You leave and I won 't only cut off you , I 'll cut off your kids . LORRAINE : You wouldn 't . BIFF : Wouldn 't I ? First your daughter Linda . I 'll cancel all her credit cards . BIFF : She 'll settle her debts with the bank herself . I 'll have your idiot son Dave 's probation revoked . And as for Marty maybe you 'd like to have all of your kids behind bars just like your brother Joey . One big happy jailbird family . All right , Biff . You win . I 'll stay . As for you , I 'll be back up here in an hour , so you better not be . He was right , and I was wrong . Mom ! Mom , what 're you saying ? You 're actually defending him . I had it coming . He 's my husband , and he takes care of all of us ... LORRAINE : And he deserves our respect . MARTY : Respect ? Your husband ! How could he be your husband ? - How could you leave Dad for him ? - Leave Dad ? - Marty , are you feeling all right ? - No , I 'm not feeling all right ! I don 't understand what 's going on here . Why nobody can give me a simple , straight answer . They must have hit you over the head hard this time . Mom , I just want to know one thing . Where 's my father ? Where 's George McFly ? Marty . George , your father , is in the same place he 's been for the past 12 years . Oak Park Cemetery . [ Thunder clapping ] [ Unsettling instrumental music ] [ Sad instrumental music ] No . No ! This can 't be happening ! MARTY : " March 15 , 1973 . " No ! Please , God , no ! No , please , God . Please , God , no . This can 't be happening . This can 't be happening . This can 't be ... DOC : I 'm afraid it is happening . All of it . Doc ! DOC : When I learned about your father , I figured you 'd come here . MARTY : Then you know what happened to him ? Do you know what happened March 15 , 1973 ? DOC : Yes , Marty . I know . DOC : I went to the public library to make sense of the madness . The place was boarded up . I broke in and borrowed newspapers . I don 't get it , Doc . How can all this be happening ? It 's like we 're in Hell or something . No , it 's Hill Valley , although I can 't imagine Hell being much worse . DOC : Einie . I 'm sorry , boy . The lab is an awful , awful mess . Attaboy . Obviously , the time continuum has been disrupted creating this new temporal event sequence resulting in this alternate reality . - English , Doc . DOC : Here , here , here . Let me illustrate . Imagine that this line represents time . DOC : Here 's the present , 1985 , the future , and the past . Prior to this point in time , somewhere in the past the time line skewed into this tangent creating an alternate 1985 . DOC : Alternate to you , me , and Einstein but reality for everyone else . Recognize this ? DOC : It 's the bag the sports book came in . I know , because the receipt was still inside . I found them in the time machine , along with this . [ Thunder clapping ] It 's the top of Biff 's cane . I mean old Biff , from the future . Correct . It was in the time machine because Biff was in the time machine with the Sports Almanac . Holy shit . You see , while we were in the future Biff got the sports book , stole the time machine , went back in time and gave the book to himself at some point in the past . Look . It says right here that Biff made his first $ 1,000,000 betting on a horserace in 1958 . He wasn 't just lucky . He knew , because he had the race results in the Sports Almanac . That 's how he made his entire fortune . Look at his pocket with a magnifying glass . MARTY : The Almanac . Son of a bitch stole my idea . MARTY : He must have been listening when I ... It 's my fault . The whole thing is my fault . If I hadn 't bought that damn book none of this would have happened . - It 's all in the past . - The future . Whatever . It demonstrates precisely how time travel can be misused and why the time machine must be destroyed after we straighten all of this out . Right . So we go back to the future and we stop Biff from stealing the time machine . We can 't , because if we travel into the future from this point in time it will be the future of this reality in which Biff is corrupt and powerful and married to your mother , and in which this has happened to me . No . Our only chance to repair the present is in the past at the point where the time line skewed into this tangent . In order to put the universe back as we remember it and get back to our reality , we have to find out the exact date and the specific circumstances of how , where , and when young Biff got his hands on that Sports Almanac . I 'll ask him . [ Suspenseful music from TV ] Bulletproof vest ! Great flick ! Great frigging flick ! The guy is brilliant . What the hell 's going ... - What the hell are you doing in here ? - Party 's over , Biff . MARTY : Sorry , ladies . How did you get past my security downstairs ? There 's a matter we need to talk about . - Yeah . Money , right ? Well , forget it . - No . Not money . Gray 's Sports Almanac . You heard him , girls . Party 's over . Start talking , kid . What else do you know about that book ? First you tell me how you got it . How , where , and when . All right . Take a seat . Sit down ! November 12 , 1955 . That was when . MARTY : November 12 , 1955 . That was the date I went back ... That was the date of the famous Hill Valley lightning storm . You know your history . Very good . BIFF : I 'll never forget that Saturday . I 'd picked my car up from the shop because I 'd rolled it in a drag race . I thought you crashed into a manure truck . How do you know about that ? My father told me about it . BIFF : Your father ? Before he died . Yeah . Right . So there I was , minding my own business . This crazy old codger with a cane shows up . He says he 's my distant relative . I don 't see any resemblance . So he says , " How would you like to be rich ? " So I said , " Sure . " So he lays this book on me . He says this book will tell me the outcome of every sporting event this century . All I have to do is bet on the winner and I 'll never lose . So I said , " What 's the catch ? " He says , " No catch . Just keep it a secret . " After that , he disappeared . I never saw him again . He told me one more thing . He said , " Someday a crazy , wild-eyed scientist ... " ... or a kid may show up asking about that book . " And if that ever happens ... " [ Cocks hammer ] [ Self-satisfied snicker ] Funny . I never thought it would be you . Biff , you 're forgetting one thing . What the hell is that ? You 're dead , you little son of a bitch ! [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] [ Elevator bell rings ] - There he is ! - Wait , kid ! [ Fast-paced instrumental music ] LACKEY : Hurry ! There he is ! [ Dramatic instrumental flourish ] BIFF : Go ahead , kid . Jump . A suicide will be nice and neat . What if I don 't ? Lead poisoning . What about the police , Biff ? They 're going to match the bullet with that gun . Kid , I own the police . Besides , they couldn 't match up the bullet that killed your old man . You son of a ... BIFF : I suppose it 's poetic justice . Two McFlys with the same gun . [ Surprised gasp ] Idiot . [ Engine whirring ] What the hell ... Nice job , Doc ! MARTY : You 're not going to believe this . We 've got to go back to 1955 . I don 't believe it . [ Adventurous instrumental music ] MARTY : That 's right , Doc . November 12 , 1955 . Unbelievable that old Biff could 've chosen that particular date . It could mean that that point in time contains some cosmic significance as if it were the temporal junction point of the entire space-time continuum or it could just be an amazing coincidence . DOC : Damn ! Got to fix that thing . All right . Time circuits on . What do you mean , time circuits on ? Doc , we 're not going back now . What about Jennifer ? What about Einstein ? We can 't leave them . Don 't worry . Assuming we succeed on our mission this alternate 1985 will be changed into the real 1985 instantaneously transforming around Jennifer and Einie . Jennifer and Einie will be fine . They 'll have no memory of this horrible place . MARTY : Doc . - What if we don 't succeed ? - We must succeed . [ Electrical explosions ] MARTY : This is heavy , Doc . It 's like I was here yesterday . DOC : You were here yesterday , Marty . Amazing , isn 't it ? Sunrise should be in about 22 minutes . DOC : You go into town . Track down young Biff and tail him . Sometime today , old Biff will show up to give young Biff the Almanac . Above all you must not interfere . Let old Biff believe he 's succeeded so he 'll leave 1955 and bring the DeLorean to the future . - Right . Once old Biff is gone , grab the Almanac anyway that you can . - Remember , our futures depend on this . - You don 't have to remind me of that . DOC : Here 's some binoculars and a walkie-talkie to keep in contact . I 'll stay and repair the short in the time circuit . That way , we don 't risk anyone else stealing the time machine and I won 't risk accidentally running into my other self . MARTY : Other self ? DOC : Yes . There are now two of me here and there are two of you here . DOC : The other me is the Dr. Emmett Brown from 1955 . The other me that helps the other you get back to 1985 . Remember the lightning bolt at the clock tower ? That doesn 't happen until tonight . Be careful not to run into your other self . Let me give you some money . [ Marty whistles in awe ] DOC : Have to be prepared for all monetary possibilities . DOC : Get yourself some ' 50s clothes . MARTY : Check , Doc . Something inconspicuous . Doc . Come in . This is Marty . Over . - DOC : Roger , this is Doc . Are you there ? - MARTY : Yeah , Doc . I 'm at the address . It 's the only Tannen in the book , but I don 't think this is Biff 's house . It looks like an old lady lives here . GRANDMA : Biff ! BIFF : Yeah . GRANDMA : Where are you going , Biff ? BIFF : I 'm going to get my car , Grandma . GRANDMA : When are you coming back ? I want you to rub my toes . BIFF : Shut up , you old bag . KIDS : Give us our ball back . BIFF : What ball ? KIDS : That ball ! BIFF : What are you talking about ? KIDS : Give us our ball ! BIFF : Ball ? BIFF : Is this your ball ? KIDS : Yeah ! BIFF : You want it back ? KIDS : Yeah . BIFF : Go get it . Doc , it is Biff 's house . I 'm on him . Over . [ The Four Aces ' Mr. Sandman plays on soundtrack ] MECHANIC : She 's all fixed up , but I couldn 't get her started . MECHANIC : Got a kill switch ? BIFF : You just need the right touch . BIFF : Nobody can start this car but me . MECHANIC : The bill comes to $ 302.57 . BIFF : $ 300 ? $ 300 for a couple of dents ? That 's bullshit . It was horseshit . The whole car was horseshit . MECHANIC : Jones wanted $ 80 to haul it away . BIFF : I bet he resold it . BIFF : I got to get something . MECHANIC : You want something ? You can call Jones and if he wants to give you a refund ... $ 300 ! If I catch the guy that caused this I 'll break his neck . The manure . I remember that . MECHANIC : 4 cans of Valvoline . BIFF : 4 cans for a $ 300 job ? MECHANIC : I can 't have lunch in there . MECHANIC : Makes me nauseous . BIFF : I should get a case for $ 300 . MECHANIC : It smells worse than the bathroom . The stench is never going to go away , Biff . Last time I do you a favor . Last time . [ Girlish laughter ] [ Oohs and ahs ] BABS : It 's perfect , Lorraine . You 're going to look so good ! BABS : You 're going to look ... BIFF : Look at what we have here . Nice dress , Lorraine . Although I think you 'd look better wearing nothing . LORRAINE : Take a long walk off a short pier . BIFF : There 's that dance at school tonight . Now that my car 's fixed I 'll give you the honor of going with the best-looking guy in school . I 'm busy . - Doing what ? - Washing my hair . That 's as funny as a screen door on a battleship . Screen door on a submarine , you dork . Biff , somebody already asked me to the dance . Who ? That bug George McFly ? - I 'm going with Calvin Klein , okay ? - Calvin Klein ? No , it 's not okay . - You 're going with me , understand ? - Get your cooties off me ! When will you get it through your skull ? You 're my girl . I wouldn 't be your girl even if you had a million dollars ! BIFF : Yes , you will ! It 's you and me , Lorraine . DRIVER : Watch it ! It 's meant to be . I 'm going to marry you someday , Lorraine . Someday you 'll be my wife ! You always did have a way with women . Get the hell out of my car , old man . You want to marry that girl ? I can help make it happen . - Who are you , Miss Lonely-hearts ? - Just get in the car , butthead . Who are you calling butthead , butthead ? How did you do that ? Nobody can start this car but me . Get in the car , Tannen . Today 's your lucky day . [ Tires screeching ] [ Frantic screaming ] BIFF : Watch where you 're driving , old man . If you dent this car , I 'll kill you . BIFF : This cost me $ 300 ! OLD BIFF : Would you shut up about the car ? - How do you know where I live ? - Let 's just say we 're related , Biff . That being the case , I got a present for you . Something that 'll make you rich . - You want to be rich , don 't you ? - Yeah . Sure . Right . That 's rich . You 're going to make me rich ? You see this book ? This book tells the future . Tells the results of every major sports event till the end of this century . Football , baseball , horseraces , boxing . The information in here is worth millions , and I 'm giving it to you . That 's very nice . Thank you very much . Now , why don 't you make like a tree and get out of here ? It 's leave , you idiot . Make like a tree and leave . You sound like a fool when you say it wrong . All right , leave . And take your book with you . Don 't you get it ? You could make a fortune with this book . Let me show you . [ Static coming from radio ] RADIO : UCLA trails 17-16 . It 's 4th and 11 with only 18 seconds left of this game . I 'd say it 's all over for UCLA . Bet you a million bucks UCLA wins it 19-17 . - What are you , deaf ? It 's over . You lost . - Yeah ? Here comes Decker with the kick . It 's up and looks good . Ball 's in the clear . Field goal ! UCLA wins 19-17 . Listen to that Coliseum crowd go wild . Jim Decker ... All right . What 's the gag ? How did you know what the score would be ? OLD BIFF : I told you , it 's in this book . All you got to do is bet on the winner , and you 'll never lose . All right . I 'll take a look at it . OLD BIFF : You damn fool ! Never leave this book laying around . Don 't you have a safe ? No , you don 't have a safe . Get a safe . Keep it locked up . Until then , keep it on you . BIFF : What are you doing ? OLD BIFF : Don 't tell anybody , either . OLD BIFF : There 's one more thing . One day , a kid or a crazy old man who claims to be a scientist is going to come around asking ... I 'm trapped . Doc . MARTY : Doc , come in . - What 's the report ? - Biff 's gone . MARTY : He 's got the book . I 'm locked in Biff 's garage . Get me the hell out of here . I 'm at 1809 Mason Street . I can 't take the DeLorean . Don 't worry . Somehow I 'll get there . Doc , wait a minute . Doc . Doc . Perfect . GRANDMA : Biff ! Where are you going now ? BIFF : I told you , Grandma , I 'm going to the dance . GRANDMA : When you coming home ? MARTY : The dance . BIFF : I 'll get home when I get home . GRANDMA : Don 't forget to turn out the garage light . [ Tires screeching ] [ Bicycle bell ringing ] DOC : Marty . Marty ! Marty . Marty , Marty . Damn ! Where is that kid ? [ Perry Como 's Papa Loves Mambo playing on radio ] MARTY : Doc . Doc , come in . Come in , Doc . Marty ! Come in . Doc . [ Static interference ] Marty . My ... Great Scott . DOC : My God . MARTY : Doc , Doc , come in . Marty , what happened ? You weren 't at Biff 's house . MARTY : I 'm in Biff 's car , heading for the Enchantment Under The Sea dance . We may have to abort this entire plan . It 's getting much too dangerous . MARTY : The book 's on his dashboard . I 'll grab it when we arrive . You must be careful not to run into your other self . - My other self ? - Yes . Remember your mother is at that exact same dance with you . MARTY : Right . This could get heavy , Doc . DOC : Heavy , heavy . Whatever happens , don 't let your other self see you ! DOC : The consequences could be disastrous . OTHER DOC : Excuse me , sir . Yes , you with the hat . - Who , me ? - Yes . Be a pal and hand me a five-eighths inch wrench from the toolbox . Five-eighths ? Don 't you mean three-quarters ? Why , you 're right . I presume you 're conducting some sort of weather experiment . That 's right . How did you know that ? I happen to have had a little experience in this area . I 'm hoping to see some lightning tonight although the weatherman says there 's no chance of rain . There 's going to be plenty of rain . Wind , thunder , lightning . - It 's going to be one hell of a storm . - Thanks . Nice talking to you . Maybe we 'll bump into each other again in the future . DOC : Or in the past . [ Tires screeching ] [ Jazz music playing in school ] MARTY : Doc , Doc ! Come in ! BIFF : Where 's that punk Calvin Klein , anyway ? LACKEY : I don 't know . I ain 't his secretary . BIFF : Well , find him . He caused me $ 300 damage . I owe him a knuckle sandwich . Get going ! LACKEY : Aren 't you coming ? BIFF : I 'm reading . [ Crunch of footfall ] STRICKLAND : Well , well , Mr. Tannen . How nice to see you here . - Why , Mr. Strickland , nice to see you , sir . - Is that liquor I smell , Tannen ? I wouldn 't know . I don 't know what it smells like because I 'm too young to drink it . I see . What have we here ? STRICKLAND : Sports stats , interesting subject . Homework , Tannen ? No , it ain 't homework , because , I ain 't at home . You got a real attitude problem , you know ? One day I 'll have you where I want you , in detention . STRICKLAND : Slacker ! MARTY : Jesus , you smoke , too ? LORRAINE : Marty , you sound just like my mother . MARTY : Yeah , right . LORRAINE : When I have kids , I 'll let them do anything they want . Anything at all . - I 'd like to have that in writing . - Yeah , me , too . LORRAINE : Marty , why are you so nervous ? [ Loud bang ] [ Horn playing La Cucaracha outside ] Yes ! No ! MARTY : " Oh LL " ? MARTY : " Oh LL " ? " Oh LL " ? [ Anxious gasping ] MARTY : Doc ! Doc ! GEORGE : Hey , you . MARTY : Doc , come in ! DOC : Marty , what 's up ? Doc ! I 'm in trouble . I blew it . DOC : Where 's the book ? MARTY : Biff must have it . MARTY : I 've only got the cover . DOC : Where 's Biff ? BIFF : You 're asking for it . MARTY : I don 't know . DOC : Any idea ? MARTY : No ! He could be anywhere by now . The entire future depends on you getting that book ! MARTY : I know . I just don 't ... LORRAINE : Stop it ! Stop it , Biff . You 'll break his arm . Stop it ! MARTY : Of course ! MARTY : I gotta go . I got one chance ! My old man is about to deck Biff ! Yes ! Talk about dj vu . GEORGE : Are you okay ? [ Romantic instrumental music ] MARTY : Okay , everybody , let 's back up . Everybody just back up . Give him a little bit of room . It 's okay . I know CPR . I know CPR . - What 's CPR ? - You ! - He 's fine . - Did you just take his wallet ? He took that guy 's wallet . MARTY : Doc , success . I got it . Thank goodness . Great , Marty . As soon as I reload the fusion generator we 'll meet on the roof of the school gym . MARTY : On the roof . 10-4 . LACKEY : It 's him ! THUG : He 's in disguise . Guys , what 's that ? LACKEY : Come on ! Let 's get him ! DOC : Damn ! [ Band playing Earth Angel ] SINGER : All right ! Let 's do another . LACKEY : Where did he go ? He just came in here ! - Look ! How did he get on stage ? - When he 's through , we 'll nail him . How did he change his clothes so fast ? OTHER MARTY : It 's an oldie where I come from . All right , guys , blues riff in B. Watch me for the changes , and try and keep up , okay ? [ Starts playing Johnny B. Goode ] MARTY : Doc , come in ! Come in . Listen , Biff 's guys chased me into the gym . They 're going to jump " me . " Get out of there ! MARTY : No , not me . The other me . The one on stage playing Johnny B. Goode . He could miss his opportunity to return ! We 'll have a major paradox ! Wait . A paradox ? One of those things that could destroy the universe ? DOC : You have to stop those guys without being seen by your other self . MARTY : 10-4 . What the hell ? - Where is he ? - Who ? - Calvin Klein . - Who ? - With the hat , where is he ? - He went that way . WITNESS : I think he took your wallet . I think he took his wallet . [ Johnny B. Goode continues playing ] [ Muted thud ] I guess you guys aren 't ready for that yet but your kids are going to love it . [ Thud ] Doc , success . Everything 's cool . DOC : Great . I 'll be landing at the roof in one minute . I 'll be there . Lorraine . Marty , that was very interesting music . LORRAINE : I hope you don 't mind . George asked to take me home . OTHER MARTY : Yeah . Great . Great . I had a feeling about you two . LORRAINE : I had a feeling , too . Butthead ! You think that stupid disguise can get by me ? Let 's have it out . You and me , right now . No , thanks . What 's the matter ? BIFF : Where are you going ? Are you chicken ? That 's it , isn 't it ? Nothing but a little chicken . Nobody calls me a ... What the hell ... You steal my stuff ? And this one 's for my car ! [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] [ Tires screeching ] MARTY : Doc ! I blew it . Biff nailed me . He took the book . He drove away with it in his car . It 's my fault . I should have left sooner . - No time for that . Where did he go ? - To the River Road Tunnel . DOC : Get in ! Yes ! MARTY : There he is , Doc ! - Let 's land on him and cripple his car . - That 's a ' 46 Ford . We 're a DeLorean . DOC : He 'll rip us like tin foil . - So what do we do ? - I have a plan . RADIO : Repeating tonight 's weather bulletin , a severe thunderstorm is heading for Hill Valley . [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] RADIO : Serving Hill Valley and Hill County you 're tuned to KKHV , the voice of Hill Valley . RADIO : Turning to community calendar , the Hill Valley Women 's Club bake sale will be held tomorrow from 2 : 00 to 5 : 00 at the community center on Forest Road . For you sports fans , there was much action today in college football . Here 's what happened to the top 10 . UCLA narrowly defeated Washington 19-17 . Michigan State crushed Minnesota 42-14 . Ohio State beat Iowa 20-10 . - Michigan blanked Indiana 30-0 . - Shit . - It was Notre Dame over North Carolina ... - Son of a bitch . Oklahoma ripped Iowa State 52-0 . West Virginia lost to Pittsburgh 26-7 . Texas AM over Rice 20-10 . Maryland defeated Clemson 25-12 and it was Texas Christian over Texas 47-20 . Repeating tonight 's earlier weather bulletin , a severe thundershower ... BIFF : You again ? God ! BIFF : Let it go ! [ Tires screeching ] Let go of this car ! [ Loud screeching ] That 'll teach him . [ Truck honking ] [ Dramatic instrumental flourish ] [ Engine revving ] [ Loud engine revving ] [ Loud screeching ] [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] [ Loud screeching ] [ Evil laughter ] MARTY : Go , Doc ! Hold on , Marty ! Shit ! [ Happy laughter ] Yes ! [ Disgusted groaning ] Manure ! I hate manure ! [ Thunder rumbling ] Doc , is everything all right ? Over . DOC : It 's very miserable flying weather much too turbulent for a landing from this direction . I 'll have to approach from the south . Have you got the book ? In my hand , Doc ! I got it in my hand ! Burn it ! Check ! Doc ! Doc ! The newspaper changed . Doc , my father 's alive ! That means everything 's back to normal , right ? Mission accomplished . That means Jennifer 's okay and Einie 's okay , right ? That 's right , Marty . It 's the ripple effect . The future is back , so let 's go home . Right . Let 's get our asses back to the ... Doc , Doc , are you okay ? DOC : That was a close one . I almost bought the farm . Well , be careful . You don 't want to get struck by lightning . [ Electrical explosions ] [ Air siphoning ] Doc . Doc ? Doc , come in , Doc . Doc , do you read me ? Do you read me , Doc ? Come in . Doc . [ Melancholic instrumental music ] No . He 's gone . The Doc 's gone . [ Ominous instrumental music ] STRANGER : Mr. McFly ! Is your name Marty McFly ? [ Thunder rumbling ] Yeah . I 've got something for you . A letter . A letter for me ? That 's impossible . - Who the hell are you ? - Western Union . Many of us at the office were hoping you could shed some light on the subject . We 've had that envelope in our possession for the past 70 years . STRANGER : It was given to us with the explicit instructions that it be delivered to a young man with your description answering to the name of Marty at this exact location at this exact minute , November 12 , 1955 . We had a bet going on whether this Marty would actually be here . Looks like I lost . Did you say 70 years ? Yes . 70 years , 2 months , 12 days , to be exact . Sign on line 6 , please . Here you are . It 's from the Doc ! " Dear Marty , if my calculations are correct ... " ... you will receive this letter immediately after the DeLorean 's struck by lightning . " First let me assure you I 'm alive and well . " I 've been living happily these past eight months in the year 1885 . " The lightning bolt ... " 1885 ! " September , 1885 . " STRANGER : Wait , kid ! Wait a minute . What 's this all about ? He 's alive ! The Doc 's alive ! - He 's in the Old West , but he 's alive . - Kid , you all right ? Need any help ? There 's only one man who can help me . [ Adventurous instrumental music ] [ Terrified cry ] [ Electrical explosion ] [ Joyous cheering ] Doc ! Doc ! Doc ! Doc ! [ Startled scream ] Relax , Doc . It 's me . It 's me ! It 's Marty . Impossible . I sent you back to the future . I know , you did send me back but I 'm back . I 'm back from the future . Great Scott ! Doc ! Doc . Doc . [ Old West-style instrumental music ] TANNEN : McFly . That 's right , Tannen ! Come on , runt ! You can dance better than that ! Subtitles by SOFTITLER How about a ride , mister ? Jennifer . Man , are you a sight for sore eyes . Let me look at you . Marty , you 're acting like you haven 't seen me in a week . I haven 't . Are you okay ? Is everything all right ? Yeah . Everything 's great . Marty ! You 've got to come back with me . - Where ? - Back to the future . - Wait a minute . What are you doing , Doc ? - I need fuel . Go ahead . Quick . Get in the car . No . Look , Doc , I just got here . Jennifer 's here . We 're going to take the new truck for a spin . Bring her along . This concerns her , too . Wait a minute . What are you talking about ? What happens to us in the future ? Do we become assholes or something ? No . You and Jennifer both turn out fine . It 's your kids , Marty . Something 's got to be done about them . Doc , you better back up . We don 't have enough road to get up to 88 . Roads ? Where we 're going , we don 't need roads . Say , Marty ! Marty , I wanted to show you these new matchbooks for my auto detailing I had printed up . A flying DeLorean ? What the hell is going on here ? - What the hell was that ? - Taxicab . - Taxicab ? I thought we were flying . - Precisely . All right , Doc . What 's going on ? Where are we ? When are we ? We 're descending toward Hill Valley , California at 4 : 29 p . M on Wednesday , October 21 , 2015 . 2015 ? You mean we 're in the future . What do you mean ? How can we be in the future ? Jennifer I don 't know how to tell you this , but you 're in a time machine . And this is the year 2015 ? October 21 , 2015 . God , so , like , you weren 't kidding . Marty , we can actually see our future . You said we were married , right ? Yeah ... Yeah ? Was it a big wedding ? We 're going to see our wedding ! Wow . I 'll see my wedding dress . Wow . I wonder where we live . I bet it 's a big house with lots of kids . How many kids ... Doc ! What the hell are you doing ? Relax . It 's a sleep-inducing alpha rhythm generator . No one should know too much about their future . When she wakes up , she 'll think it was a dream . What did you bring her for ? I had to do something . She saw the time machine . I couldn 't leave her with that information . Don 't worry . She 's not essential to my plan . Well , you 're the doc , Doc . Here 's our exit . You 've got to get out and change clothes . Right now ? It 's pouring rain . Wait five more seconds . Right on the tick . Amazing . Absolutely amazing . Too bad the post office isn 't as efficient as the weather service . Excuse the disguise , but I was afraid you wouldn 't recognize me . I went to a rejuvenation clinic and got a whole natural overhaul . Took out some wrinkles , did a hair repair , changed the blood added 30 or 40 years to my life . They also replaced my spleen and colon . What do you think ? You look great , Doc . The future . Unbelievable . - I got to check this out , Doc . - All in good time . - We 're on a tight schedule . - Tell me about my future . Do I become , like , a rich rock star ? No one should know too much about their destiny . - I am rich , though , right ? - Marty , please , take off your shirt . Put on the jacket and the shoes . Got a mission to accomplish . Precisely on schedule . Power laces . All right . This thing doesn 't fit . Size-adjusting fit . Pull out your pants pockets . All kids here wear their pants inside out . Put on this cap . Perfect . You 're the spitting image of your future son . What ? Help me move Jennifer over here . So what 's the deal ? Grab her feet . Okay , now what ? In exactly two minutes , you go around the corner into the Cafe ' 80s . Cafe ' 80s ? It 's one of those nostalgia places , but not done well . Go in and order a Pepsi . Here 's $ 50 . Wait for a guy named Griff . Right . Griff . Griff 's going to ask about tonight . Are you in or out ? Tell him you are out . Whatever he says , say no , you 're not interested . Then leave , come back here and wait for me . Don 't talk to anyone . Don 't touch anything . Don 't do anything . Don 't interact with anyone and try not to look at anything . I don 't get it . - You said this had to do with my kids . - Look what happens to your son . My son ? God , he looks just like me . " Within two hours of his arrest , Martin McFly Jr ... " ... was tried , convicted , and sentenced to 15 years in the state penitentiary " ? Within two hours ? The justice system works swiftly now that they 've abolished lawyers . This is heavy . It gets worse . Your daughter tries to break him out and gets sent up for 20 years . My daughter . I have a daughter ? This one event starts a chain reaction that completely destroys your entire family . Doc , this date ... This is tomorrow 's newspaper . Precisely . I already went further ahead into time to see what else happens . I backtracked everything to this one event . We 're here to prevent this event from happening . Damn ! I 'm late ! Where are you going now ? To intercept the real Marty Jr . You 're taking his place . The Cafe ' 80s , guy named Griff , just say no ! What about Jennifer ? We can 't just leave her here . She 'll be safe . It 'll just be for a few minutes . Marty , be careful . That Griff has a few short circuits in his bionic implants . The future . Welcome to Texaco . You can trust your car to the system with the star . Checking oil . Checking landing gear . Shark still looks fake . Hi , friends . Goldie Wilson llI for Wilson Hover Conversion Systems . You know , when my grandpa was mayor of Hill Valley he had to worry about traffic problems but now you don 't have to worry about traffic . I 'll hover-convert your old road car into a skyway flier for only $ 39,999.95 . So come on down and see me Goldie Wilson III , at any one of our 29 convenient locations . Remember , Keep ' Em Flying . It 's got a hot salsa , avocados cilantro mixed with your choice of beans , chicken beef or pork . Waiter . Waiter . Welcome to the Cafe ' 80s where it 's always morning in America , even in the afternoon . Our special today is mesquite-grilled sushi . Have the hostage special ! Cajun style . The hostage special ! You must have the hostage special ! All I want is a Pepsi . McFly ! Yeah . I seen you around . You 're Marty McFly 's kid , aren 't you ? - Biff ? - You 're Marty Jr . Tough break , kid . Must be rough being named after a complete butthead . What 's that mean ? Hello . Hello . Anybody home ? Think , McFly , think ! Your old man ? Mr. Loser ? - What ? - That 's right . Loser with a capital " L. " Look , I happen to know George McFly is ... I 'm not talking about George McFly . I 'm talking about his kid . Your old man , Marty McFly Sr. ? The man who took his life and flushed it completely down the toilet . I did ? I mean , he did ? Hey , Gramps I told you two coats of wax on my car , not just one ! I just put the second coat on last week . - With your eyes closed ? - Are you two related ? Hello ? Hello ? Anybody home ? You think Griff called me Grandpa for his health ? He 's Griff ? Gramps ! What the hell am I paying you for ? Kid , say hello to your grandma for me . Get out of there , Gramps . Take it easy ! And McFly , don 't go anywhere ! You 're next ! This is a video game . I got it working . My dad taught me about these . It is Wild Gunman . How do you play this thing ? I 'll show you , kid . I 'm a crack shot at this . You mean you have to use your hands ? That 's like a baby 's toy . Baby 's toy ? Pepsi Perfect . - Damn ! - Pepsi . McFly ! I thought I told you to stay in here ! Guys , how 's it going ? McFly ! Yeah ? McFly ! What ? Your shoe 's unbelted . So , McFly , have you made a decision about tonight 's opportunity ? Yeah , Griff . I was thinking about how I 'm not sure because it might be dangerous . What 's wrong , McFly ? You got no scrote ? He 's a complete wimp . What 's it going to be , McFly ? Are you in or out ? I just , I 'm not sure that I should . I should discuss it with my father . Your father ? Wrong answer , McFly ! You lose ! Okay , Griff , I 'll do it . Whatever you say . Stay down and shut up . Keep pedaling , you two ! Now let 's hear the right answer . Well ! Since when did you become the physical type ? The answer 's no , Griff . - No ? - What are you , deaf and stupid ? I said no ! What 's wrong , McFly ? Chicken ? What did you call me , Griff ? Chicken , McFly ! Nobody calls me chicken . - All right , punk ! - Look ! Stop ! Little girl , little girl . Stop . Look , I need to borrow your " hoverboard . " Where is he ? Here . There ! He 's on a hoverboard . Get the boards ! Get McFly ! Get him ! Yeah , we got him ! There 's something very familiar about all this . McFly , you bojo ! - Those boards don 't work on water ! - Unless you 've got power ! Hook on ! Batter up ! Holy shit ! Buttheads . Drying mode on . Jacket drying . Your jacket is now dry . Hey , kid . Hey , little girl , thanks . Keep it . I got a Pit Bull now . Come on . Save the clock tower ! Throw in $ 100 and help save the clock tower . Sorry , no . - That 's an important historical landmark ! - Some other time . Lightning struck that thing 60 years ago . Wait a minute . Cubs win World Series ... - Against Miami ? - Yeah , it 's something , huh ? Who would 've thought ? 100-1 shot ! I wish I could go back to the beginning of the season bet on the Cubs . - I just meant Miami ... What did you just say ? I wish I could go back to the beginning of the season , bet on the Cubbies ! This has an interesting feature . It has a dust jacket . Books had these to protect the covers . That was before dust-repellent paper . If you 're interested in dust , we have something from the 1980s called a Dustbuster . I can 't lose . Up here ! - Doc , what 's going on ? - Stand by . I 'll park over there . Yeah , all right . Hey , right on time . Flying DeLorean ? I haven 't seen one in 30 years . Sorry . Excuse me . Sorry . I 'm walking here ! I 'm walking here ! - What the hell ? - Don 't drive trank , low-res scuzzball ! Two of them ? I left him in a suspended animation kennel . Einstein never knew I was gone ! Marty ! What in the name of Sir Isaac H. Newton happened here ? Doc , my kid showed up . All hell broke loose . Your kid ? Great Scott , I was afraid of this . I used it on Jennifer . There wasn 't enough power left to knock your son out for a full hour . Doc , Doc , look at this ! It 's changing . I was framed ! Yes ! Yes , of course ! Because this hoverboard incident occurred , Griff goes to jail . Your son won 't go with him tonight . That robbery won 't take place ! History , future history , has been altered , and this is proof ! We 've succeeded , not as planned , but no matter . Let 's get Jennifer and go home ! Hi , Einie . Hi , buddy . What 's this ? A souvenir . " 50 years of sports statistics . " Hardly recreational reading material . Doc , what 's the harm in bringing back some info on the future ? We could place some bets . I didn 't invent the time machine for financial gain ! The intent is to gain a clearer perception of humanity . Our past , our future , the pitfalls , the possibilities the perils , and the promise . Perhaps an answer to that universal question , " Why ? " I 'm all for that . What 's wrong with making a few bucks on the side ? I am going to put this in the trash . Great Scott ! McFly , Jennifer Jane Parker , 3793 Oakhurst Street Hilldale , age 47 . 47 ? That 's a hell of a good face-lift ! - What 's happening ? - They used her thumbprint to assess her ID . Since thumbprints never change , they assume she 's the future Jennifer . We got to stop them . How ? Tell them we 're time travelers ? They 'd have us committed . She 's clean . We take her home . To Hilldale ? We won 't get there before dark . They 're taking her to your future home ! We 'll arrive shortly thereafter , get her , and return to 1985 . I 'll see where I live . See myself as an old man ? No , that could result in ... Great Scott ! Jennifer could conceivably encounter her future self ! The consequences could be disastrous ! - What do you mean ? - I foresee two possibilities . One , seeing herself 30 years older would put her into shock , and she 'd pass out or two , the encounter could create a time paradox and cause a chain reaction that would unravel the space-time continuum and destroy the entire universe ! Granted , that 's a worst-case scenario . The destruction might be localized , limited to our own galaxy . Well , that 's a relief . Let 's go and find Jennifer before she finds herself . The skyway 's jammed . It 'll take forever to get there . And this stays here ! I didn 't invent the time machine to win at gambling , but to travel through time ! I know . So , Doc Brown invented a time machine . Hilldale . Nothing but a breeding ground for tranks , lobos , and zipheads . Yeah , they ought to tear this whole place down . Welcome home , Jennifer . You got a little tranked , but I think you can walk . Ma 'am , you should reprogram . It 's dangerous in the dark . Lights on ? Yes . Now , look . Just take it easy , and you 'll be fine . And be careful in the future . The future ? Have a nice day , Mrs. McFly . Broadcasting beautiful views 24 hours a day . You 're tuned to the Scenery Channel . I 'm in the future . I get married in the Chapel O Love ? Mom ? Mom , is that you ? I got to get out of here ! Mom ! Mom ? Mom , is that you ? Grandma ! Sweetheart ! Hi ! - What happened to Grandpa ? - He threw his back out again . - How 's Granddad 's little pumpkin ? - How did you do that ? Out on the golf course . Are your folks home yet ? I brought pizza ! - Who 's going to eat all that ? - I will . Damn this traffic ! Jennifer , old Jennifer gets home around now . I hope we 're not too late . - What is it ? What 's the matter , Doc ? - I thought I saw a taxi . I thought it was following us . I can 't believe this window 's still broken . When the repairman called Daddy a chicken Daddy threw him out of the house . Now nobody will fix it . Look how worn out this is . Your father 's biggest problem is that he loses all self-control when someone calls him chicken . How often have we heard it ? " Mom , I can 't let him think I 'm chicken . " You 're right . Well , you 're right ! About 30 years ago , your father tried to prove he wasn 't chicken . He ended up in an automobile accident . With the Rolls-Royce ? Automobile accident . All right , Einie , let 's find Jennifer . I live in Hilldale ? This is great ! Stay here , change clothes . If I need you , I 'll holler . I want to check out my house . We can 't risk you running into your older self . Einie , let 's go . Hilldale . This is bitchin ' . One , seven , four point five zero . That will be $ 174.50 . Here . Be careful in this neighborhood . Where 's my receipt ? Right here . How about a tip ? That accident caused a chain reaction , sending Marty 's life down the tubes . Otherwise , your father 's life would have turned out differently . The man wouldn 't have pressed charges Marty wouldn 't have broken his hand , given up on his music and spent years feeling sorry for himself . Hey , Mom , nice pants . The reason your mother married him ... Mom ? Turn off . I want channels 18 , 24 , 63 , 109 , 87 , and the Weather Channel . Bringing you the world 's weather 24 hours a day . Weather conditions remain the same ... Board-certified implant surgeons ... Welcome home , Marty . Dad 's home . That 's right . He 's home . Dad 's home . Lord of the manor . Hello . King of the castle . Hello . What the hell is this ? Lithium mode on . Yeah . That 's better . Damned kids . Hey , Son . Watching a little TV for a change ? Son of a ... I 'm hungry . Just wait your turn . When it 's ready , shove it in my mouth . Don 't you be a smart-ass . Hey ! The Atrocity Channel . Hydrate level 4 , please . Is it ready ? Here you go . Mom , you sure can hydrate a pizza . I 'm sorry . I missed that whole thing . I 'm just worried about Jennifer . Why isn 't she home ? I 'm not sure where Jennifer is , Mom . She should have been home hours ago . - I can 't keep track ... - Fruit ! - Fruit , please . - She 's in one of those moods . Aren 't you and her getting along ? Yeah . Great , Mom . We 're like a couple of teenagers . Dad , telephone . It 's Needles . Dad , it 's for you . All right . Well , I 'll take that in the den . Retract . Hello . In here , please . Hey , the big M. How 's it hanging , McFly ? Hey , Needles . Needles ? Did you look at my little business proposal ? I don 't know . Why are you worried ? If this works , your financial problems are solved . And if it doesn 't work , Needles , I could get fired . It 's illegal . I mean , what if the Jits is monitoring ? The Jits will never find out . God . Come on . Stick your card in the slot , and I 'll handle it . Unless you want everyone in the division to think you 're chicken . Nobody calls me chicken , Needles . Nobody ! All right . Prove it . All right . All right , Needles . Here 's my card . Scan it . I 'm in . Thanks , McFly . I 'll see you at the plant tomorrow . Shit . McFly ! Fujitsu-san . McFly I was monitoring that scan you just interfaced . You are terminated ! Terminated . No ! It wasn 't my fault , sir . - Needles was behind it . - And you cooperated . It was a sting operation . I was setting him up . Read my fax ! No ! Please ! I cannot be fired . I 'm fired . This is heavy . What am I going to tell Jennifer ? Jennifer . Jennifer . Doc . Am I glad to see you . Go out the front door . I 'll meet you there . But it doesn 't open . There 's no doorknob . Press your thumb to the plate . What plate ? What does this fax mean ? Mom . It 's a joke , an office joke . It 's a joke fax . I heard you yell . Calm down . I wasn 't yelling . Needles and I were just joking . Welcome home , Jennifer . Lost my job , Mom ? Get out of town . - I 'm young ! - I 'm old ! Marty ! Marty ! Marty , come quick ! Quick ! She encountered her older self and went into shock . She 'll be fine . Let 's get her back to 1985 . Then I 'll destroy the time machine . Destroy it ? What about that stuff about humanity and where we 're going ? The risks are too great , as this incident proves . And I was behaving responsibly . Imagine if the time machine fell into the wrong hands ? My only regret is that I 'll never get a chance to visit my favorite historical era the Old West . But time traveling is just too dangerous . Better that I devote myself to study the other great mystery of the universe : Women . Marty , Einie , brace yourselves for temporal displacement . Did we make it ? Are we back ? We 're back . Let 's put her in the swing . You can return in your truck and wake her . When she awakens here in her own house you can convince her it was a dream . We 're just leaving her here ? Disorientation will help convince her it was a dream . How long will she be out ? I 'm not quite sure . She received quite a shock . Could be a few minutes , probably a couple of hours . - You better bring smelling salts . - You 're the doc , Doc . Come on . Let 's go , Einie . Don 't worry . She 'll be fine . I don 't remember bars being on these windows . If you need me , I 'll be in my lab dismantling this thing . Right . What the hell ? Wait a minute . What are you doing in my room ? - Rape ! Mom ! - Okay . Okay . Dad , help ! Freeze , sucker ! - I don 't want any trouble . - You got trouble now , you piece of trash . What are you doing here ? I 'm in the wrong house . You got that right , you son of a ... - Look . I made a mistake . - Damned right you made a mistake ! I 'm going to tear your ass up ! That 's right . You keep running , sucker ! Tell that realty company that I ain 't selling ! We won 't be terrorized ! This has got to be the wrong year . 1985 ? It can 't be . Drop it . So you 're the son of a bitch who 's been stealing my papers . Mr. Strickland . Mr. Strickland . It 's me , sir . Marty . Who ? Martin McFly . Don 't you know me from school ? I 've never seen you before in my life , but you look like a slacker . Yeah , that 's right . I am a slacker . - You gave me detention last week . - The school burned down six years ago . You have three seconds to get off my porch with your nuts intact . One . I just want to know what 's going on . Two . Strickland ! Yeah ! Eat lead , slackers ! Watch where you 're going , crazy drunk pedestrian . Red . Ladies and gentlemen , welcome to the Biff Tannen Museum . Dedicated to Hill Valley 's number one citizen and America 's greatest living folk hero the one and only Biff Tannen . Of course we 've all heard the legend , but who is the man ? Inside you 'll learn how Biff became one of the richest men in America . Learn the amazing history of the Tannen family starting with his grandfather Buford " Mad Dog " Tannen fastest gun in the West . See Biff 's humble beginnings and how a trip to the racetrack on his 21st birthday made him a millionaire overnight . Share in the excitement of a fabulous winning streak that earned him the nickname " The Luckiest Man on Earth . " Learn how Biff parlayed that lucky winning streak into the vast empire called Biffco . Discover how in 1979 Biff successfully lobbied to legalize gambling and turned Hill Valley 's dilapidated courthouse into a beautiful casino hotel . I just want to say one thing : God bless America ! Meet the women who shared his passion as he searched for true love and relive Biff 's happiest moment as in 1973 he realized his romantic dream by marrying his high school sweetheart Lorraine Baines McFly . Third time 's the charm . No ! No ! Come with us upstairs . - Let me go . - We can do this the easy way or the hard way . The easy way . Mom ? Mom , is that you ? Just relax , Marty . You 've been asleep for almost two hours . I had a horrible nightmare . It was terrible . Well , you 're safe and sound now , back on the good old 27th floor . 27th floor ! Mom ? Mom , that can 't be you . Well , yes , it 's me , Marty . Are you all right ? I 'm fine . I 'm fine . It 's just that you 're so ... You 're so big . Everything 's going to be fine , Marty . Are you hungry ? I can call room service . Room service ? Lorraine ! Oh , my God . It 's your father . My father ? You 're supposed to be in Switzerland , you son of a bitch ! My father ! You got kicked out of another boarding school ? Do you know how much dough I 've blown on your no-good kids ? What the hell do you care ? We can afford it . The least we can do with that money is provide a better life for our children . Hold on . Let 's get this straight . Marty is your kid , not mine . All the world 's money wouldn 't help that lazy bum . Stop it , Biff . Just stop it . Look at him . He 's a butthead , just like his old man was . Don 't you dare speak that way about George . You 're not even half the man he was . You son of a bitch ! Always the little hothead ? You want to take a poke at me ? Damn it , Biff . That 's it . I 'm leaving . So go ahead . Think about this , Lorraine ! Who 's going to pay for your clothes ? And your jewelry and liquor ? Who 's going to pay for your cosmetic surgery ? You were the one who wanted me to get these things . If you want them back , you can have them . Look , Lorraine . You leave and I won 't only cut off you , I 'll cut off your kids . You wouldn 't . Wouldn 't I ? First your daughter Linda . I 'll cancel all her credit cards . She 'll settle her debts with the bank herself . I 'll have your idiot son Dave 's probation revoked . And as for Marty maybe you 'd like to have all of your kids behind bars just like your brother Joey . One big happy jailbird family . All right , Biff . You win . I 'll stay . As for you , I 'll be back up here in an hour , so you better not be . He was right , and I was wrong . Mom ! Mom , what 're you saying ? You 're actually defending him . I had it coming . He 's my husband , and he takes care of all of us ... And he deserves our respect . Respect ? Your husband ! How could he be your husband ? - How could you leave Dad for him ? - Leave Dad ? - Marty , are you feeling all right ? - No , I 'm not feeling all right ! I don 't understand what 's going on here . Why nobody can give me a simple , straight answer . They must have hit you over the head hard this time . Mom , I just want to know one thing . Where 's my father ? Where 's George McFly ? Marty . George , your father , is in the same place he 's been for the past 12 years . Oak Park Cemetery . No . No ! This can 't be happening ! " March 15 , 1973 . " No ! Please , God , no ! No , please , God . Please , God , no . This can 't be happening . This can 't be happening . This can 't be ... I 'm afraid it is happening . All of it . Doc ! When I learned about your father , I figured you 'd come here . Then you know what happened to him ? Do you know what happened March 15 , 1973 ? Yes , Marty . I know . I went to the public library to make sense of the madness . The place was boarded up . I broke in and borrowed newspapers . I don 't get it , Doc . How can all this be happening ? It 's like we 're in Hell or something . No , it 's Hill Valley , although I can 't imagine Hell being much worse . Einie . I 'm sorry , boy . The lab is an awful , awful mess . Attaboy . Obviously , the time continuum has been disrupted creating this new temporal event sequence resulting in this alternate reality . - English , Doc . Here , here , here . Let me illustrate . Imagine that this line represents time . Here 's the present , 1985 , the future , and the past . Prior to this point in time , somewhere in the past the time line skewed into this tangent creating an alternate 1985 . Alternate to you , me , and Einstein but reality for everyone else . Recognize this ? It 's the bag the sports book came in . I know , because the receipt was still inside . I found them in the time machine , along with this . It 's the top of Biff 's cane . I mean old Biff , from the future . Correct . It was in the time machine because Biff was in the time machine with the Sports Almanac . Holy shit . You see , while we were in the future Biff got the sports book , stole the time machine , went back in time and gave the book to himself at some point in the past . Look . It says right here that Biff made his first $ 1,000,000 betting on a horserace in 1958 . He wasn 't just lucky . He knew , because he had the race results in the Sports Almanac . That 's how he made his entire fortune . Look at his pocket with a magnifying glass . The Almanac . Son of a bitch stole my idea . He must have been listening when I ... It 's my fault . The whole thing is my fault . If I hadn 't bought that damn book none of this would have happened . - It 's all in the past . - The future . Whatever . It demonstrates precisely how time travel can be misused and why the time machine must be destroyed after we straighten all of this out . Right . So we go back to the future and we stop Biff from stealing the time machine . We can 't , because if we travel into the future from this point in time it will be the future of this reality in which Biff is corrupt and powerful and married to your mother , and in which this has happened to me . No . Our only chance to repair the present is in the past at the point where the time line skewed into this tangent . In order to put the universe back as we remember it and get back to our reality , we have to find out the exact date and the specific circumstances of how , where , and when young Biff got his hands on that Sports Almanac . I 'll ask him . Bulletproof vest ! Great flick ! Great frigging flick ! The guy is brilliant . What the hell 's going ... - What the hell are you doing in here ? - Party 's over , Biff . Sorry , ladies . How did you get past my security downstairs ? There 's a matter we need to talk about . - Yeah . Money , right ? Well , forget it . - No . Not money . Gray 's Sports Almanac . You heard him , girls . Party 's over . Start talking , kid . What else do you know about that book ? First you tell me how you got it . How , where , and when . All right . Take a seat . Sit down ! November 12 , 1955 . That was when . November 12 , 1955 . That was the date I went back ... That was the date of the famous Hill Valley lightning storm . You know your history . Very good . I 'll never forget that Saturday . I 'd picked my car up from the shop because I 'd rolled it in a drag race . I thought you crashed into a manure truck . How do you know about that ? My father told me about it . Your father ? Before he died . Yeah . Right . So there I was , minding my own business . This crazy old codger with a cane shows up . He says he 's my distant relative . I don 't see any resemblance . So he says , " How would you like to be rich ? " So I said , " Sure . " So he lays this book on me . He says this book will tell me the outcome of every sporting event this century . All I have to do is bet on the winner and I 'll never lose . So I said , " What 's the catch ? " He says , " No catch . Just keep it a secret . " After that , he disappeared . I never saw him again . He told me one more thing . He said , " Someday a crazy , wild-eyed scientist ... " ... or a kid may show up asking about that book . " And if that ever happens ... " Funny . I never thought it would be you . Biff , you 're forgetting one thing . What the hell is that ? You 're dead , you little son of a bitch ! - There he is ! - Wait , kid ! Hurry ! There he is ! Go ahead , kid . Jump . A suicide will be nice and neat . What if I don 't ? Lead poisoning . What about the police , Biff ? They 're going to match the bullet with that gun . Kid , I own the police . Besides , they couldn 't match up the bullet that killed your old man . You son of a ... I suppose it 's poetic justice . Two McFlys with the same gun . Idiot . What the hell ... Nice job , Doc ! You 're not going to believe this . We 've got to go back to 1955 . I don 't believe it . That 's right , Doc . November 12 , 1955 . Unbelievable that old Biff could 've chosen that particular date . It could mean that that point in time contains some cosmic significance as if it were the temporal junction point of the entire space-time continuum or it could just be an amazing coincidence . Damn ! Got to fix that thing . All right . Time circuits on . What do you mean , time circuits on ? Doc , we 're not going back now . What about Jennifer ? What about Einstein ? We can 't leave them . Don 't worry . Assuming we succeed on our mission this alternate 1985 will be changed into the real 1985 instantaneously transforming around Jennifer and Einie . Jennifer and Einie will be fine . They 'll have no memory of this horrible place . Doc . - What if we don 't succeed ? - We must succeed . This is heavy , Doc . It 's like I was here yesterday . You were here yesterday , Marty . Amazing , isn 't it ? Sunrise should be in about 22 minutes . You go into town . Track down young Biff and tail him . Sometime today , old Biff will show up to give young Biff the Almanac . Above all you must not interfere . Let old Biff believe he 's succeeded so he 'll leave 1955 and bring the DeLorean to the future . - Right . Once old Biff is gone , grab the Almanac anyway that you can . - Remember , our futures depend on this . - You don 't have to remind me of that . Here 's some binoculars and a walkie-talkie to keep in contact . I 'll stay and repair the short in the time circuit . That way , we don 't risk anyone else stealing the time machine and I won 't risk accidentally running into my other self . Other self ? Yes . There are now two of me here and there are two of you here . The other me is the Dr. Emmett Brown from 1955 . The other me that helps the other you get back to 1985 . Remember the lightning bolt at the clock tower ? That doesn 't happen until tonight . Be careful not to run into your other self . Let me give you some money . Have to be prepared for all monetary possibilities . Get yourself some ' 50s clothes . Check , Doc . Something inconspicuous . Doc . Come in . This is Marty . Over . Roger , this is Doc . Are you there ? Yeah , Doc . I 'm at the address . It 's the only Tannen in the book , but I don 't think this is Biff 's house . It looks like an old lady lives here . Biff ! Yeah . Where are you going , Biff ? I 'm going to get my car , Grandma . When are you coming back ? I want you to rub my toes . Shut up , you old bag . Give us our ball back . What ball ? That ball ! What are you talking about ? Give us our ball ! Ball ? Is this your ball ? Yeah ! You want it back ? Yeah . Go get it . Doc , it is Biff 's house . I 'm on him . Over . She 's all fixed up , but I couldn 't get her started . Got a kill switch ? You just need the right touch . Nobody can start this car but me . The bill comes to $ 302.57 . $ 300 ? $ 300 for a couple of dents ? That 's bullshit . It was horseshit . The whole car was horseshit . Jones wanted $ 80 to haul it away . I bet he resold it . I got to get something . You want something ? You can call Jones and if he wants to give you a refund ... $ 300 ! If I catch the guy that caused this I 'll break his neck . The manure . I remember that . 4 cans of Valvoline . 4 cans for a $ 300 job ? I can 't have lunch in there . Makes me nauseous . I should get a case for $ 300 . It smells worse than the bathroom . The stench is never going to go away , Biff . Last time I do you a favor . Last time . It 's perfect , Lorraine . You 're going to look so good ! You 're going to look ... Look at what we have here . Nice dress , Lorraine . Although I think you 'd look better wearing nothing . Take a long walk off a short pier . There 's that dance at school tonight . Now that my car 's fixed I 'll give you the honor of going with the best-looking guy in school . I 'm busy . - Doing what ? - Washing my hair . That 's as funny as a screen door on a battleship . Screen door on a submarine , you dork . Biff , somebody already asked me to the dance . Who ? That bug George McFly ? - I 'm going with Calvin Klein , okay ? - Calvin Klein ? No , it 's not okay . - You 're going with me , understand ? - Get your cooties off me ! When will you get it through your skull ? You 're my girl . I wouldn 't be your girl even if you had a million dollars ! Yes , you will ! It 's you and me , Lorraine . Watch it ! It 's meant to be . I 'm going to marry you someday , Lorraine . Someday you 'll be my wife ! You always did have a way with women . Get the hell out of my car , old man . You want to marry that girl ? I can help make it happen . - Who are you , Miss Lonely-hearts ? - Just get in the car , butthead . Who are you calling butthead , butthead ? How did you do that ? Nobody can start this car but me . Get in the car , Tannen . Today 's your lucky day . Watch where you 're driving , old man . If you dent this car , I 'll kill you . This cost me $ 300 ! Would you shut up about the car ? - How do you know where I live ? - Let 's just say we 're related , Biff . That being the case , I got a present for you . Something that 'll make you rich . - You want to be rich , don 't you ? - Yeah . Sure . Right . That 's rich . You 're going to make me rich ? You see this book ? This book tells the future . Tells the results of every major sports event till the end of this century . Football , baseball , horseraces , boxing . The information in here is worth millions , and I 'm giving it to you . That 's very nice . Thank you very much . Now , why don 't you make like a tree and get out of here ? It 's leave , you idiot . Make like a tree and leave . You sound like a fool when you say it wrong . All right , leave . And take your book with you . Don 't you get it ? You could make a fortune with this book . Let me show you . UCLA trails 17-16 . It 's 4th and 11 with only 18 seconds left of this game . I 'd say it 's all over for UCLA . Bet you a million bucks UCLA wins it 19-17 . - What are you , deaf ? It 's over . You lost . - Yeah ? Here comes Decker with the kick . It 's up and looks good . Ball 's in the clear . Field goal ! UCLA wins 19-17 . Listen to that Coliseum crowd go wild . Jim Decker ... All right . What 's the gag ? How did you know what the score would be ? I told you , it 's in this book . All you got to do is bet on the winner , and you 'll never lose . All right . I 'll take a look at it . You damn fool ! Never leave this book laying around . Don 't you have a safe ? No , you don 't have a safe . Get a safe . Keep it locked up . Until then , keep it on you . What are you doing ? Don 't tell anybody , either . There 's one more thing . One day , a kid or a crazy old man who claims to be a scientist is going to come around asking ... I 'm trapped . Doc . Doc , come in . - What 's the report ? - Biff 's gone . He 's got the book . I 'm locked in Biff 's garage . Get me the hell out of here . I 'm at 1809 Mason Street . I can 't take the DeLorean . Don 't worry . Somehow I 'll get there . Doc , wait a minute . Doc . Doc . Perfect . Biff ! Where are you going now ? I told you , Grandma , I 'm going to the dance . When you coming home ? The dance . I 'll get home when I get home . Don 't forget to turn out the garage light . Marty . Marty ! Marty . Marty , Marty . Damn ! Where is that kid ? Doc . Doc , come in . Come in , Doc . Marty ! Come in . Doc . Marty . My ... Great Scott . My God . Doc , Doc , come in . Marty , what happened ? You weren 't at Biff 's house . I 'm in Biff 's car , heading for the Enchantment Under The Sea dance . We may have to abort this entire plan . It 's getting much too dangerous . The book 's on his dashboard . I 'll grab it when we arrive . You must be careful not to run into your other self . - My other self ? - Yes . Remember your mother is at that exact same dance with you . Right . This could get heavy , Doc . Heavy , heavy . Whatever happens , don 't let your other self see you ! The consequences could be disastrous . Excuse me , sir . Yes , you with the hat . - Who , me ? - Yes . Be a pal and hand me a five-eighths inch wrench from the toolbox . Five-eighths ? Don 't you mean three-quarters ? Why , you 're right . I presume you 're conducting some sort of weather experiment . That 's right . How did you know that ? I happen to have had a little experience in this area . I 'm hoping to see some lightning tonight although the weatherman says there 's no chance of rain . There 's going to be plenty of rain . Wind , thunder , lightning . - It 's going to be one hell of a storm . - Thanks . Nice talking to you . Maybe we 'll bump into each other again in the future . Or in the past . Doc , Doc ! Come in ! Where 's that punk Calvin Klein , anyway ? I don 't know . I ain 't his secretary . Well , find him . He caused me $ 300 damage . I owe him a knuckle sandwich . Get going ! Aren 't you coming ? I 'm reading . Well , well , Mr. Tannen . How nice to see you here . - Why , Mr. Strickland , nice to see you , sir . - Is that liquor I smell , Tannen ? I wouldn 't know . I don 't know what it smells like because I 'm too young to drink it . I see . What have we here ? Sports stats , interesting subject . Homework , Tannen ? No , it ain 't homework , because , I ain 't at home . You got a real attitude problem , you know ? One day I 'll have you where I want you , in detention . Slacker ! Jesus , you smoke , too ? Marty , you sound just like my mother . Yeah , right . When I have kids , I 'll let them do anything they want . Anything at all . - I 'd like to have that in writing . - Yeah , me , too . Marty , why are you so nervous ? Yes ! No ! " Oh LL " ? " Oh LL " ? " Oh LL " ? Doc ! Doc ! Hey , you . Doc , come in ! Marty , what 's up ? Doc ! I 'm in trouble . I blew it . Where 's the book ? Biff must have it . I 've only got the cover . Where 's Biff ? You 're asking for it . I don 't know . Any idea ? No ! He could be anywhere by now . The entire future depends on you getting that book ! I know . I just don 't ... Stop it ! Stop it , Biff . You 'll break his arm . Stop it ! Of course ! I gotta go . I got one chance ! My old man is about to deck Biff ! Yes ! Talk about dj vu . Are you okay ? Okay , everybody , let 's back up . Everybody just back up . Give him a little bit of room . It 's okay . I know CPR . I know CPR . - What 's CPR ? - You ! - He 's fine . - Did you just take his wallet ? He took that guy 's wallet . Doc , success . I got it . Thank goodness . Great , Marty . As soon as I reload the fusion generator we 'll meet on the roof of the school gym . On the roof . 10-4 . It 's him ! He 's in disguise . Guys , what 's that ? Come on ! Let 's get him ! Damn ! All right ! Let 's do another . Where did he go ? He just came in here ! - Look ! How did he get on stage ? - When he 's through , we 'll nail him . How did he change his clothes so fast ? It 's an oldie where I come from . All right , guys , blues riff in B. Watch me for the changes , and try and keep up , okay ? Doc , come in ! Come in . Listen , Biff 's guys chased me into the gym . They 're going to jump " me . " Get out of there ! No , not me . The other me . The one on stage playing Johnny B. Goode . He could miss his opportunity to return ! We 'll have a major paradox ! Wait . A paradox ? One of those things that could destroy the universe ? You have to stop those guys without being seen by your other self . 10-4 . What the hell ? - Where is he ? - Who ? - Calvin Klein . - Who ? - With the hat , where is he ? - He went that way . I think he took your wallet . I think he took his wallet . I guess you guys aren 't ready for that yet but your kids are going to love it . Doc , success . Everything 's cool . Great . I 'll be landing at the roof in one minute . I 'll be there . Lorraine . Marty , that was very interesting music . I hope you don 't mind . George asked to take me home . Yeah . Great . Great . I had a feeling about you two . I had a feeling , too . Butthead ! You think that stupid disguise can get by me ? Let 's have it out . You and me , right now . No , thanks . What 's the matter ? Where are you going ? Are you chicken ? That 's it , isn 't it ? Nothing but a little chicken . Nobody calls me a ... What the hell ... You steal my stuff ? And this one 's for my car ! Doc ! I blew it . Biff nailed me . He took the book . He drove away with it in his car . It 's my fault . I should have left sooner . - No time for that . Where did he go ? - To the River Road Tunnel . Get in ! Yes ! There he is , Doc ! - Let 's land on him and cripple his car . - That 's a ' 46 Ford . We 're a DeLorean . He 'll rip us like tin foil . - So what do we do ? - I have a plan . Repeating tonight 's weather bulletin , a severe thunderstorm is heading for Hill Valley . Serving Hill Valley and Hill County you 're tuned to KKHV , the voice of Hill Valley . Turning to community calendar , the Hill Valley Women 's Club bake sale will be held tomorrow from 2 : 00 to 5 : 00 at the community center on Forest Road . For you sports fans , there was much action today in college football . Here 's what happened to the top 10 . UCLA narrowly defeated Washington 19-17 . Michigan State crushed Minnesota 42-14 . Ohio State beat Iowa 20-10 . - Michigan blanked Indiana 30-0 . - Shit . - It was Notre Dame over North Carolina ... - Son of a bitch . Oklahoma ripped Iowa State 52-0 . West Virginia lost to Pittsburgh 26-7 . Texas AM over Rice 20-10 . Maryland defeated Clemson 25-12 and it was Texas Christian over Texas 47-20 . Repeating tonight 's earlier weather bulletin , a severe thundershower ... You again ? God ! Let it go ! Let go of this car ! That 'll teach him . Go , Doc ! Hold on , Marty ! Shit ! Yes ! Manure ! I hate manure ! Doc , is everything all right ? Over . It 's very miserable flying weather much too turbulent for a landing from this direction . I 'll have to approach from the south . Have you got the book ? In my hand , Doc ! I got it in my hand ! Burn it ! Check ! Doc ! Doc ! The newspaper changed . Doc , my father 's alive ! That means everything 's back to normal , right ? Mission accomplished . That means Jennifer 's okay and Einie 's okay , right ? That 's right , Marty . It 's the ripple effect . The future is back , so let 's go home . Right . Let 's get our asses back to the ... Doc , Doc , are you okay ? That was a close one . I almost bought the farm . Well , be careful . You don 't want to get struck by lightning . Doc . Doc ? Doc , come in , Doc . Doc , do you read me ? Do you read me , Doc ? Come in . Doc . No . He 's gone . The Doc 's gone . Mr. McFly ! Is your name Marty McFly ? Yeah . I 've got something for you . A letter . A letter for me ? That 's impossible . - Who the hell are you ? - Western Union . Many of us at the office were hoping you could shed some light on the subject . We 've had that envelope in our possession for the past 70 years . It was given to us with the explicit instructions that it be delivered to a young man with your description answering to the name of Marty at this exact location at this exact minute , November 12 , 1955 . We had a bet going on whether this Marty would actually be here . Looks like I lost . Did you say 70 years ? Yes . 70 years , 2 months , 12 days , to be exact . Sign on line 6 , please . Here you are . It 's from the Doc ! " Dear Marty , if my calculations are correct ... " ... you will receive this letter immediately after the DeLorean 's struck by lightning . " First let me assure you I 'm alive and well . " I 've been living happily these past eight months in the year 1885 . " The lightning bolt ... " 1885 ! " September , 1885 . " Wait , kid ! Wait a minute . What 's this all about ? He 's alive ! The Doc 's alive ! - He 's in the Old West , but he 's alive . - Kid , you all right ? Need any help ? There 's only one man who can help me . Doc ! Doc ! Doc ! Doc ! Relax , Doc . It 's me . It 's me ! It 's Marty . Impossible . I sent you back to the future . I know , you did send me back but I 'm back . I 'm back from the future . Great Scott ! Doc ! Doc . Doc . McFly . That 's right , Tannen ! Come on , runt ! You can dance better than that ! Subtitles by SOFTITLER [ Mysterious instrumental music ] [ Crashing lightning bolts ] [ Dramatic instrumental music ] [ Doc screaming ] Doc . [ Doc shouting gleefully ] [ Laughing ] [ Dramatic instrumental music ] Doc . - Doc ! - What ? [ Screams ] Relax , Doc . It 's me ! It 's Marty . It can 't be . I just sent you back to the future . You did send me back to the future , but I 'm back . I 'm back from the future . Great Scott ! [ Thunder rumbling ] [ Rain falling ] [ Thunder cracking loudly ] [ Soft instrumental music ] [ Soft instrumental music continues ] BUFFALO BOB : Hey , kids , what time is it ? KIDS : Howdy Doody time ! SINGING ON TV : " It 's Howdy Doody time " DOC : Great Scott ! [ Singing on TV continues ] Howdy Doody time ? Date : Sunday , November 13 , 1955 , 7 : 01 a.m. Last night 's time travel experiment was apparently a complete success . Lightning struck the clock tower at 10 : 04 p . M sending the necessary 1.21 gigawatts into the time vehicle , which vanished in a flash of light leaving a pair of fire trails behind . I assumed Marty and the time vehicle were transported forward through time to the year 1985 . After that , I can 't recall what happened . In fact , I don 't even remember how I got home . Perhaps the gigawatt discharge and the temporal displacement field generated by the vehicle caused a disruption of my own brain waves resulting in a condition of momentary amnesia . I now recall that moments after the time vehicle disappeared into the future I saw a vision of Marty saying he had come back from the future . Hey , Doc . Undoubtedly , this was some residual image . [ Doc screaming ] Doc , calm down . It 's me . It 's Marty . It can 't be you . I sent you back to the future ! That 's right , but I came back again from the future . Don 't you remember ? You fainted . I brought you home . This can 't be happening ! You can 't be here ! It doesn 't make sense ! I refuse to believe you are here ! MARTY : I am here , and it does make sense . I came back to 1955 again with you . The you from 1985 is waiting to get a book from Biff ! Once I got the book , the you from 1985 were in the DeLorean and it got struck by lightning , and you got sent back to 1885 ! DOC : 1885 ? It 's a very interesting story , future boy but there 's one thing that doesn 't make sense . If the me of the future is now in the past , how could you possibly know about it ? You sent me a letter . DOC : " Dear Marty , if my calculations are correct ... " ... you will receive this letter immediately after the DeLorean 's struck by lightning . " First , let me assure you I am alive and well . " I 've been living happily these past eight months in the year 1885 . " The lightning bolt that hit the DeLorean ... " ... caused an overload which scrambled the time circuits ... " ... activated the flux capacitor and sent me back to 1885 . " The overload shorted out the time circuits ... " ... and destroyed the flying circuits . Unfortunately , the car will never fly again . " It actually flew ? Yeah . We had a hover conversion done in the early 21st century . Incredible ! " I set myself up as a blacksmith as a front ... " ... while I attempted to repair the damage to the time circuits . " Unfortunately , this proved impossible ... " ... because suitable replacement parts will not be invented until 1947 . " However , I 've gotten quite adept at shoeing horses and fixing wagons . " 1885 ! Amazing ! I actually end up as a blacksmith in the Old West . Pretty heavy . DOC : " I have buried the DeLorean in the abandoned Delgado Mine ... " ... adjacent to the old Boot Hill Cemetery as shown on the enclosed map . " Hopefully , it should remain undisturbed and preserved until you uncover it in 1955 . " Inside , you will find repair instructions . " My 1955 counterpart ... " That 's me . " Should have no problem repairing it so that you can drive it back to the future . " Once you have returned to 1985 , destroy the time machine . " - Destroy it ? - It 's a long story , Doc . " I repeat , do not attempt to come back here to get me . " I am perfectly happy living in the fresh air ... " ... and wide-open spaces . " I fear that unnecessary time travel ... " ... only risks further disruption of the space-time continuum . " And please take care of Einstein for me . " Einstein ? MARTY : He 's your dog , Doc . Einstein is what you call your dog in 1985 . " I know you will give him a good home . " Remember to walk him twice a day and that he only likes canned dog food . " These are my wishes . Please respect and follow them . " And so , Marty , I now say farewell and wish you Godspeed . " You 've been a good , kind , and loyal friend to me ... " ... and you made a real difference in my life . " I will always treasure our relationship and think of you with fond memories ... " ... warm feelings and a special place in my heart . " Your friend in time , Doc Emmett L. Brown . " September 1 , 1885 . " I never knew I could write anything so touching . I know , it 's beautiful . [ Dog whining ] It 's all right , Copernicus . Everything will be fine . I 'm sorry . It 's all my fault you 're stuck back there . I never should 've let Biff get to me . There are plenty worse places to be than the Old West . I could have ended up in the Dark Ages . They probably would have burned me at the stake as a heretic . Let 's look at the map . According to this , the time vehicle is sealed off in a side tunnel . We may have to blast . MARTY : Whoa ! I think you woke up the dead with that blast . Take this camera . I want to document everything ! DOC : This reminds me of the time I attempted to reach the center of the Earth . I 'd been reading my favorite author , Jules Verne . I spent weeks preparing that expedition . I didn 't even get this far . Of course , I was only 12 at the time . You know , it was the writings of Jules Verne that had a profound effect on my life . When I was 11 , I first read 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea . It was then that I realized I must devote my life to science . MARTY : Check it out . Look at this . DOC : My initials ! Just like in Journey to the Center of the Earth ! That means the time machine must be right through this wall ! DOC : It 's been buried in here for 70 years , two months and 13 days . Astounding ! MARTY : " As you see , the lightning bolt shorted out the time-circuit control chip . " The attached ... " Schematic . " Schematic diagram will allow you to build a replacement unit ... " ... with 1955 components , thus restoring the time machine to perfect working order . " Unbelievable that this little piece of junk could be such a big problem . No wonder this circuit failed . It says , " Made in Japan . " What do you mean , Doc ? All the best stuff is made in Japan . Unbelievable ! [ Motor grinding ] DOC : You know , when I was a kid , I always wanted to be a cowboy . Now , knowing I 'm spending my future in the past it sounds like a wonderful way to spend my retirement years . It just occurred to me , since I end up in 1885 perhaps I 'm now in the history books . I wonder . Could I look myself up in the old newspaper archives ? MARTY : I don 't know . You always say it 's not good to know too much about your own destiny . You 're right , Marty . I know too much already . Better that I not attempt to uncover the circumstances of my own future . Copernicus . Come on , boy ! MARTY : I 'll get him . Copernicus ! Come on . Let 's go home , boy . What 's wrong ? What 's wrong , Copernicus ? Come on , let 's go . MARTY : [ Desperate ] Doc , come here ! Quick ! What 's wrong ? You look like you 've seen a ghost . You 're not far off , Doc . Great Scott ! Check this out . " Died September 7 , 1885 . " That 's one week after you wrote the letter ! " Erected in eternal memory by his beloved Clara . " Who the hell is Clara ? - Please don 't stand there ! - Right . Sorry . I have to get another picture . DOC : " Shot in the back by Buford Tannen over a matter of $ 80 " ? What kind of a future do you call that ? MARTY : " Buford Tannen was a notorious gunman ... " ... whose short temper and a tendency to drool ... " ... earned him the nickname ' Mad Dog . ' " He was quick on the trigger and bragged he had killed 12 men ... " ... not including Indians or Chinamen . " DOC : Does it name me ? Am I one of the 12 ? MARTY : Wait . " This claim cannot be proven since precise records were not kept ... " ... after Tannen shot a newspaper editor ... " ... who printed an unfavorable story about him in 1884 . " MARTY : That 's why we can 't find anything . DOC : Look . DOC : William McFly and family . Your relatives ? MARTY : My great-grandfather 's name was William . That 's him . Good-looking guy . DOC : McFlys , but no Browns . Maybe it was a mistake . Maybe that grave wasn 't yours . There could 've been another Emmett Brown in 1885 . Did you have any relatives here back then ? The Browns didn 't come to Hill Valley until 1908 . Then they were the von Brauns . My father changed our name during World War I. MARTY : Look . [ Doc gasps ] Great Scott , it 's me ! Then it is true , all of it . It is me who goes back there and gets shot . It 's not gonna happen , Doc . After you fix the time circuits and put new tires on the DeLorean I 'm going back to 1885 , and I 'm bringing you home . DOC : The clothes fit ? MARTY : Everything except the boots . They 're kind of tight . Are you sure this stuff is authentic ? Of course . Haven 't you ever seen a Western ? Yeah , I have . Clint Eastwood never wore anything like this . - Clint who ? - Right . You haven 't heard of him yet . You have to wear the boots . You can 't wear those futuristic things back in 1885 . You shouldn 't be wearing them here in 1955 . - As soon as I get there , I 'll put them on . - Okay . I think we 're about ready . I put gas in the tank . Your future clothes are packed . Just in case , fresh batteries for your walkie-talkies . What about that floating device ? MARTY : Hoverboard . DOC : All right . It 's gonna be a long walk back to Hill Valley from here . It 's still the safest plan . We can 't risk sending you back into a populated area or to a spot that 's geographically unknown . You don 't want to crash into some tree that existed in the past . This was all completely open country so you 'll have plenty of runout space when you arrive . Remember , where you 're going , there are no roads . There 's a small cave over there which will be a good place to hide the time vehicle . The new time-circuit control tubes are warmed up . Time circuits on . I wrote the letter on September 1 , so we 'll send you to September 2 , that 's a Wednesday . September 2 , 1885 , 8 : 00 a.m. I get shot on Monday the 7th . You have five days to locate me . According to my letter , I 'm a blacksmith , so I probably have a shop somewhere . All you got to do is drive the time vehicle directly toward that screen , accelerating to 88 miles an hour . MARTY : Wait a minute . If I drive straight towards the screen , I 'll crash into those Indians . DOC : Marty , you 're not thinking fourth dimensionally . You 'll instantly be transported to 1885 and those Indians won 't even be there . Right . Good luck , for both of our sakes . See you in the future . - You mean the past . - Exactly . [ Adventurous instrumental music ] [ Engine starting ] DOC : Happy trails , Marty ! [ Revving engine ] DOC : Ready , Marty ? Ready ! - Set ! - Hi-ho , Silver . [ Revving engine ] [ Shouting in Spanish ] [ Adventurous instrumental music ] [ Lndians whooping ] Indians ! [ Lndian drum beat pounds rhythmically ] [ Fast-paced instrumental music ] [ Screaming ] MARTY : The cave ! CAVALRYMAN : Charge ! [ Bugle playing battle call ] Shit ! The cavalry ! [ Cavalry shouting ] [ Bugle playing battle call ] [ Sighing ] [ Sniffs ] [ Liquid pouring ] Damn , I ripped the fuel line . [ Bear moaning ] [ Marty screams ] [ Screaming ] [ Roaring ] [ Roaring ] [ Shouting ] [ Sheep bleating ] Maggie ! Fetch some water ! We got a hurt man here . Mom . MARTY : Mom , is that you ? MAGGIE : There , there . You 've been asleep for nearly six hours . I had this horrible nightmare . I dreamed I was in a Western . I was being chased by all these Indians and a bear . MAGGIE : You 're safe and sound now here at the McFly farm . " McFly farm " ? [ Marty shouts ] You 're my ... You 're my ... - Who are you ? - The name is Maggie McFly . McFly ? Maggie ? And that 's Mrs. McFly , and don 't you be forgetting the " Mrs. " MAGGIE : What might your name be , sir ? MARTY : It 's ... Eastwood . Clint Eastwood . You hit your head , Mr. Eastwood . Not too serious , but lucky for you Seamus found you when he did . Seamus . Me husband . [ Baby squealing ] You 'll be excusing me , while I tend to William . William . MAGGIE : That 's okay , Will . [ Baby crying ] MARTY : That 's William ? MAGGIE : Aye . William Sean McFly , the first of our family to be born in America . MAGGIE : It 's okay , Will . This here is Mr. Clint Eastwood visiting . He sure likes you . Maggie . I 've got supper . SEAMUS : I 'm not one to pry into a man 's personal affairs but exactly how is it you came to be way out here without a horse , or boots , or a hat ? Well , my horse broke down and a bear ate my boots and I just forgot my hat . How could you forget a thing like your hat ? - Would you like some water ? - Yeah . I 'll tell you what I 'll do , Mr. Eastwood . I 'll help you find your blacksmith friend . You can stay the night in the barn and tomorrow I 'll take you as far as the railroad tracks . You can follow them straight into town . I 'll even give you a hat . That 's great . Thanks . [ Baby crying ] [ Seamus exclaiming appreciatively ] SEAMUS : That 's my William . Wee Willy . Yes . I think you 'll find the barn comfortable . Never had any complaints about it from the pigs . MAGGIE : Seamus . MAGGIE : A word with you . SEAMUS : Aye . SEAMUS : Will you hold him for a minute ? Are you sure you 're not bringing a curse on this house taking him in like that ? - He 's such a strange young man . - Aye , but I 've just got a feeling about him . Looking after him is the right thing to do . That 's important . MARTY : Hey , buddy . Look how the baby takes to him . Little Will never takes to strangers . It 's almost as if he 's connected to us . MARTY : Hey , Will . So you 're my great-grandfather . The first McFly born in America . [ Sound of trickling ] And you peed on me . [ Marty panting ] [ Whistling ] [ Dramatic instrumental music ] [ Chickens clucking ] MAN 1 : Give us some soap . MAN 2 : Here you go . [ Piano music plays ] [ Heavy thudding ] [ Horse snorts ] [ Donkey braying ] [ Gun fires ] Take a look and see what just breezed in the door . I didn 't know the circus was in town . Must have got that shirt off a dead Chinese . [ Men laughing ] [ Spits ] What will it be , stranger ? I 'll have ... MARTY : Ice water . OLD MAN : Ice water ? [ Men laughing ] BARMAN : Water ? You want water , you better dunk your head in the horse trough out there . In here , we pour whiskey . - Excuse me . - For what ? MARTY : I 'm trying to find a blacksmith . TANNEN : Hey , McFly ! Thought I told you never to come in ... You ain 't Seamus McFly . You look like him , though , especially with that dog-ugly hat . [ All laughing ] You kin to that hay barber ? - What 's your name , dude ? - Marty ... Eastwood . Clint Eastwood . [ Laughing ] - What kind of stupid name is that ? - He 's the runt of the litter . Boys , would you look-see at these pearly whites ? I ain 't seen teeth that straight that weren 't store-bought . Take a gander at them moccasins . What kind of skins is them ? THUG 1 : What 's that writing mean ? THUG 2 : " Nike " ? Is that Indian talk ? [ Laughing ] Bartender , I 'm looking for that no-good , cheating blacksmith . - You seen him ? - No , sir , Mr. Tannen . I have not . Tannen . You 're Mad Dog Tannen . TANNEN : " Mad Dog " ? I hate that name . I hate it , you hear ? Nobody calls me " Mad Dog " ! Especially not some duded-up , egg-sucking gutter trash . Dance ! Come on ! TANNEN : Come on , runt ! You can dance better than that ! Shit . [ Marty whoops ] [ Grunts ] - You better run , squirrel . - Get him ! [ Dramatic instrumental music ] [ Women shrieking ] [ Marty shouts ] [ Marty screaming ] [ Thugs whooping gleefully ] TANNEN : We got ourselves a new courthouse . It 's high time we had a hanging ! [ Cheering ] [ Marty grunting ] [ Gagging ] [ Thugs cheering ] THUG 1 : Look at him sway . TANNEN : Yeah , haven 't had a hanging in a long time ! DOC : I shoot the fleas off a dog 's back at 500 yards , Tannen and it 's pointed at your head ! TANNEN : You owe me money , blacksmith . DOC : How do you figure ? My horse threw a shoe . You done the shoeing , so that makes you responsible . Since you never paid me for the job , I 'd say that makes us even . Wrong ! I was on my horse when it happened , and I got throwed off ! That caused me to bust a perfectly good bottle of fine Kentucky redeye . The way I figure it , blacksmith , you owe me $ 5 for the whiskey and $ 75 for the horse ! That 's the $ 80 . If your horse threw a shoe , bring him back and I 'll reshoe him . I shot that horse ! - That 's your problem , Tannen . - Wrong . That 's yours . From now on , you better be looking behind you when you walk . Because one day you 're gonna get a bullet in your back . Doc ! Marty , I gave you explicit instructions not to come here but to go directly back to 1985 . I know , but I had to come . It 's good to see you , Marty . DOC : You 've got to do something about those clothes . - Dressed like that , you 're liable to get shot . - Or hanged . DOC : What idiot dressed you in that outfit ? You did . DOC : " Shot in the back by Buford Tannen over a matter of $ 80 " ? " September 7 " ? That 's this Monday ! Now I wish I 'd paid him off . Who 's this " beloved Clara " ? I don 't know anyone named Clara . I don 't know , Doc . I thought maybe she was a girlfriend of yours . My involvement in such a social relationship here in 1885 could result in a disruption of the space-time continuum . As a scientist I can never take that risk . Certainly not after what we 've already been through . MAYOR : Emmett ! Hello , Emmett . DOC : Hubert . It 's the mayor . Excuse me , Emmett . Do you remember last week when you volunteered to meet the new schoolteacher at the station ? DOC : Yes , quite so . We just got word she 's coming in tomorrow . Here are the details for you . MAYOR : Thanks for all your help . DOC : Anytime , Hubert . MAYOR : Oh ! Her name 's Miss Clara Clayton . [ Machine chugging loudly ] MARTY : Well , Doc now we know who Clara is . Marty , it 's impossible . The idea that I could fall in love at first sight is romantic nonsense . There 's no scientific rationale for that concept . It 's not science . You meet the right girl , it hits you like lightning . Please , don 't say that . That 's the way it was for me and Jennifer . We couldn 't keep our eyes off each other . God , Jennifer , I hope she 's all right . I can 't believe we just left her on the porch . Don 't worry . She 'll be fine . When you burned the almanac in 1955 , the normal timeline was restored . Once we 're back in 1985 you just have to go to her house to wake her up . [ Whistling ] DOC : Turn that valve over there , all the way to the right . Yeah , pull it all the way around . Let 's go ! DOC : Ice tea ? MARTY : No , thanks . It 's a refrigerator . I guess Miss Clayton will have to find other transportation . If I never meet her , there 's no possibility of a romantic infatuation . - You 're the doc . - All right . DOC : We 'll get the DeLorean and get back to the future . I tore a hole in the gas tank when I was landing so we 'll have to patch it up and get some gas . You mean , we 're out of gas ? MARTY : Yeah . It 's no big deal . We 've got Mr. Fusion , right ? Mr. Fusion powers the time circuits and the flux capacitor . But the internal combustion engine runs on ordinary gasoline . It always has . There won 't be a gas station around here until sometime in the next century . Without gasoline , we can 't get the DeLorean up to 88 mph . [ Ominous instrumental music ] MARTY : So what do we do ? [ Adventurous instrumental music ] - Twenty-four ! - It 's no use , Marty ! Even the fastest horse in the world won 't run more than 35 , 40 miles an hour ! MARTY : Bartender said that 's the strongest stuff they got . Try it , Marty . [ Engine stalling ] [ Engine chugging ] Give it more gas ! [ Engine dies ] DOC : Damn ! It blew the fuel injection manifold . Strong stuff , all right . It will take me a month to rebuild it . A month ? - You 're gonna get shot on Monday ! - I know ! I wish ... Wait . I 've got it ! We can roll it down a steep hill ! We 'll never find a smooth enough surface . Unless ... Of course ! Ice ! We 'll wait until winter when the lake freezes over . MARTY : Winter ? What are you saying ? Monday is three days away ! All right . Let 's just think this thing through logically . We know it won 't run under its own power . We know we can 't pull it . But if we could figure out a way to push it up to 88 miles an hour ... [ Train whistle blowing ] That 's it . How fast can she go ? Why , I 've had her up to 55 myself . I heard that Fearless Frank Fargo got one of these up to near 70 out past Verde Junction . Do you think it 's possible to get it up to 90 ? Ninety ? Tarnation . Who would ever need to be in such a hurry ? Just a little bet he and I have , that 's all . Theoretically speaking , could it be done ? I suppose , if you had a straight stretch of track with a level grade and you weren 't hauling no cars and if you could get the fire hot enough . I 'm talking about hotter than the blazes of Hell itself . It might be possible to get her up that fast . When does the next train come through ? Monday morning at 8 : 00 . Here . This spur that runs off the main line 3 miles out to Clayton Ravine . It 's a long stretch of level track that will still exist in 1985 . This is where we 'll push the DeLorean with the locomotive . Funny . This map calls Clayton Ravine " Shonash Ravine . " That must be the old Indian name for it . It 's perfect . A long run that goes across the bridge over the ravine over near that Hilldale housing development . Right , but according to this map there is no bridge . MARTY : Well , Doc , we can scratch that idea . We can 't wait for this thing to get finished . DOC : Marty , it 's perfect . DOC : You 're not thinking fourth dimensionally . MARTY : Right . I have a problem with that . DOC : Don 't you see ? The bridge will exist in 1985 . It 's safe and still in use . As long as we get the DeLorean up to 88 miles an hour before we hit the edge of the ravine we 'll instantaneously arrive at a point in time where the bridge is completed . We 'll have track under us and coast safely across the ravine . MARTY : What about the train ? DOC : It will be a spectacular wreck . Too bad no one will be around to see it . [ Woman screaming ] CLARA : Help me ! DOC : Great Scott ! [ Horses neighing ] [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] CLARA : Hurry ! DOC : Jump ! [ Clara shouts ] [ Clara panting ] Thank you , sir . You saved my life . Emmett Brown at your service , Miss ... Clayton . Clara Clayton . Clara ? What a beautiful name . [ Soft instrumental music ] DOC : May I help you inside with these ? That won 't be necessary . I can take care of it . - You 've done more than enough already . - But it 's really no trouble . She says it 's fine , and we have to get going . Ma 'am , good luck with your school teaching and everything . Clara . I 'll straighten everything out for the buckboard rental . Don 't worry about that . I feel somewhat responsible for what happened . That would be very gentlemanly of you , Mr. Brown . Emmett . You know , I 'm almost glad that snake spooked those horses . Otherwise , we might never have met . I suppose it was destiny . Thank you for everything . You 're quite welcome . I will see you again , won 't I ? Of course . You 'll see lots of me . I have a shop in town . I 'm the local scientist , I mean , blacksmith . What sort of science ? Astronomy ? Chemistry ? Actually , I 'm a student of all sciences . Doc , we have to get going . Yes . Excuse us , Clara . We have to get going . Toodle-oo . What do you mean , you 'll be seeing lots of her ? I might see her again just in passing . Did you see the way she was looking at you ? She did have quite a scare , right ? Miss Clayton almost ended up at the bottom of Clayton Ravine . Holy shit . Clayton Ravine was named after a teacher . - They say she fell in there 100 years ago . - 100 years ago ! - That 's this year ! - Every kid knows that story . We all have teachers we 'd like to see fall into the ravine . Great Scott ! Then she was supposed to go over in that wagon . Now I may have seriously altered history . Look , Doc , what 's the worse that can happen ? So they don 't name the ravine after her . Let 's get the DeLorean ready and get out of here . I wish I 'd never invented that infernal time machine . It 's caused nothing but disaster . Doc , this is Marty . Do you read me ? Over . Check , Marty . MARTY : Great . These things still work . All right . Once more , let 's go over the entire plan and layout . - I apologize for the crudity of this model ... - Yeah , it 's not to scale . It 's okay . All right . Tomorrow night , Sunday we load the DeLorean onto the tracks here , on the spur by the abandoned silver mine . The switch track is where the spur runs off the main line three miles out to Clayton ... Shonash Ravine . The train leaves the station at 8 : 00 Monday morning . We 'll stop it , uncouple the cars , throw the switch track and then hijack borrow the locomotive and use it to push the time machine . According to my calculations we 'll reach 88 mph just before we hit the edge of the ravine , at which point we 'll be transported back to 1985 and coast safely across the completed bridge . What does this mean ? " Point of no return . " That 's our fail-safe point . Till there , we have time to stop the locomotive before it plunges into the ravine . But once we pass this windmill , it 's the future or bust . DOC : Here you go . Connect that to the positive terminal . DOC : All right , you all set ? MARTY : Yeah . Go ! DOC : Train pulling out of the station ! Coming up to the switch track ! Stop at the switch track ! Throw the switch ! Pull up to the DeLorean ! Pushing the DeLorean up to 88 miles per hour ! [ Whistle blowing ] It couldn 't be simpler . [ Door creaking ] CLARA : Emmett ? It 's Clara . Quick , cover the DeLorean ! CLARA : Hello . DOC : Why , hello . DOC : This is quite a surprise . I hope I 'm not disturbing anything . We were just doing a little model railroading . When my bags were thrown from the wagon my telescope was damaged . Since you mentioned an interest in science I thought you might be able to repair it for me . I would pay you , of course . I wouldn 't think of charging you for this . Let 's have a look at it . CLARA : I think a lens may be out of alignment because if you move it this way the image turns fuzzy . See ? But if you turn it the other way then ... Everything becomes clear . [ Clearing throat ] I could repair it right away and have it for you tonight . Tonight is the town festival . I wouldn 't dream of having you work on my telescope during such an occasion . You are planning on attending , aren 't you ? - Actually , ma 'am ... - Yes , of course . The festival . In that case , I 'll see you this evening at the festival . CLARA : Mr. Eastwood . MARTY : Ma 'am . Thank you for taking care of my telescope . DOC : You 're quite welcome . It 's a nice telescope . Ladies and gentlemen as mayor of Hill Valley it gives me great pleasure to dedicate this clock to the people of Hill County ! May it stand for all time ! Tell me when , gentlemen . [ Drum-roll plays ] CROWD : Three ! Two ! One ! Now ! [ Band plays ] [ All applauding ] MAYOR : Let the festivities begin ! In a way , it 's fitting that you and I are here to witness this . It 's too bad I didn 't bring my camera . Ready , gentlemen ? The only problem is , we 'll never be able to show it to anybody . Smile , Doc . [ Man shouting gleefully ] [ Band plays folk music ] [ People whooping ] What great music ! Yeah , it 's got a beat , and you can dance to it . Step right up and test your mettle with the latest products from Col. Samuel Colt 's Patent Firearms Manufacturing Company of Hartford , Connecticut . Now , take this model , for example . The new , improved and refined Colt Peacemaker selling to you tonight for the low price of $ 12 . - Good evening . - ' Evening . You look very nice . Thank you . Would you like ... - Would you care to ... - I 'd love to . Young man , you want to give it a try ? MARTY : No , thanks . Doc , this ... Son ! - Sonny boy ! - Doc can dance ? Son . SALESMAN : I just told you that even a baby could handle this weapon . SALESMAN : Surely you 're not afraid to try . MARTY : I 'm not afraid of nothing . Come on , then . Just step up here like a man . Now , young man , what you do is just ease that hammer back and squeeze off a round . Right on out there and be real smooth . That 's the way you do it . [ Chortling ] - Can I try that again ? - Yeah , go ahead . Tell me one thing . Where did you learn to shoot like that ? 7-Eleven . Buford , you sure that blacksmith will be at this shindig ? Sure he 's here . Everybody 's here tonight . You 'll have to check your firearms if you want to join in on the festivities . [ Tannen laughing ] TANNEN : Who 's gonna make us , tenderfoot ? MARSHAL : I am . TANNEN : Marshal Strickland . I didn 't know you was back in town . If you can 't read the sign , I presume you can read this . Pretty tough hombre when you 're pointing a gun at a man 's back . Just like you , I take every advantage I can get . You gonna check your iron ? I was just joking with your deputy . Of course , I 'm gonna check my iron . TANNEN : We all were , weren 't we , boys ? THUGS : Yeah , right . DEPUTY : Tannen . Your knife , too . TANNEN : Smile , Marshal . After all , this is a party . Only party I 'll be smiling at is the one that sees you at the end of a rope . Have fun ! [ Horses neighing ] That 's how you handle them . Never give them an inch and maintain discipline at all times . Remember that word : Discipline . I will , Pa . WOMAN : Thank you very much . Mr. Eastwood , nice to see you . I see you got yourself some respectable clothes and a fine hat . A couple people didn 't like the way the other one looked on me . That one suits you . - It 's very becoming . - Thanks . " Frisbee . " Far out . - What was the meaning of that ? - It was right in front of him . [ Music stops ] [ All cheering and applauding ] - That 's mine ! - Not anymore . - Give me that . - There he is , Buford . - Where ? - There . THUG 1 : Dancing with that piece of calico . THUG 2 : What are you gonna do , boss ? I figure if I bury this muzzle deep enough in his back nobody will hear the shot . Careful . You 've only got one bullet with that . I only need one . [ Band playing folk music ] I told you to watch your back , smithy . You 're early . It 's a Derringer . Small but effective . The last time I used it , fella took two days to die . Bled to death inside . It was real painful . That means you 'll be dead by about supper time Monday . Excuse me . I don 't know who you think you are , but we 're dancing . Look what we have here . TANNEN : Ain 't you gonna introduce me ? I 'd like a dance . I wouldn 't give you the pleasure . You 'll have to go ahead and shoot . - All right . - I 'll dance with him . TANNEN : Boys , keep the blacksmith company while I get acquainted with the filly ! [ Tannen whoops excitedly ] Yeah ! I don 't dance very well when my partner has a gun in his hand . You 'll learn . Maybe I 'll just take my $ 80 worth out of her ! Leave her alone ! [ Laughing ] Yeah , I bet there 's something you can do that 's worth $ 80 . I believe you 've underestimated me , mister . Have I ? [ Tannen grunts loudly ] [ Clara grunts ] DOC : Stop it ! DOC : Damn you ! TANNEN : No , I damn you ! I damn you to hell ! - You . - Lighten up , jerk ! Mighty strong words , runt ! You man enough to back them up with more than just a pie plate ? Just leave my friends alone . What 's wrong , dude ? You yellow ? That 's what I thought . A yellow-belly . Nobody calls me yellow . TANNEN : Then let 's finish it . Right now . Not now , Buford . Marshal 's got our guns . Like I said , we 'll finish this tomorrow ! Tomorrow we 're robbing the Pine City stage . What about Monday ? We doing anything Monday ? Monday would be fine . You can kill him on Monday . I 'll be back this way on Monday . We 'll settle this then . Right there , out in the street in front of the Palace Saloon . Yeah , right . When ? MARTY : High noon ? TANNEN : Noon ? I do my killing before breakfast . 7 : 00 ! 8 : 00 . I do my killing after breakfast . DOC : [ Whispering ] Marty ! MARSHAL : Break it up . What 's all this about ? You causing trouble here , Tannen ? TANNEN : No trouble , Marshal . Just a little personal matter between me and Eastwood . This don 't concern the law . MARSHAL : Tonight , everything concerns the law . Break it up . Any brawling , it 's 15 days in the county jail . All right , folks . This is a party . Come on ! Let 's have some fun ! [ People cheering ] [ Band resumes ] 8 : 00 Monday , runt . If you ain 't here , I 'll hunt you and shoot you down like a duck . It 's " dog . " Shoot him down like a dog . Let 's go , boys ! Let these sissies have their party ! What are you doing , saying you 'll meet Tannen ? Don 't worry about it . Monday morning we 'll be gone . Theoretically , yes . But what if the train 's late ? - We 'll discuss this later . - We 'll discuss it now . - Thank you for your gallantry . - Ma 'am . Had you not interceded , Emmett might have been shot . Marty ... Clint , I 'm gonna take Clara home . - Right . Good night . - You sure set him straight . I 'm glad somebody finally stood up to that son of a bitch . You 're all right in my book . I 'd like to buy you a drink . You don 't have to buy me anything . It was no big deal ... You can have this brand-new Colt Peacemaker and gun belt , free of charge . Free ? I want everybody to know the gun that shot Buford Tannen was a Colt Peacemaker ! No problem . Thanks a lot . Of course , if you lose , I 'm taking it back . Thanks again . SEAMUS : You had him . You could have walked away and nobody would have thought less of you . All it would have been was words , hot air from a buffoon . Instead , you let him rile you into playing his game , his way , by his rules . Seamus , relax . I know what I 'm doing . - He reminds me of poor Martin . - Aye . - Who ? - Me brother . Wait a minute . You have a brother named Martin McFly ? Had a brother . Martin used to let men provoke him into fighting . He was concerned people would think him a coward if he refused . That 's how he got a knife shoved through his belly in a saloon in Virginia City . Never considered the future , poor Martin . God rest his soul . Sure , and I hope you 're considering the future , Mr. Eastwood . I think about it all the time . CLARA : That crater all by itself , like a starburst . DOC : Yeah . CLARA : That one 's called Copernicus . Listen to me . I feel like I 'm teaching school . Please , continue the lesson . I never found lunar geography so fascinating . You 're quite knowledgeable . When I was 11 , I had diphtheria . I was quarantined for three months . My father brought this telescope and put it next to my bed so I could see everything out the window . Do you think we 'll ever travel to the moon the way we travel across the country on trains ? Definitely . Although not for 84 years , and not on trains . We 'll have space capsules sent aloft with rockets devices that create giant explosions so powerful they just ... That they break the pull of gravity and send the projectile to outer space . Emmett ! I read that book , too ! You 're quoting Jules Verne , From the Earth to the Moon . You 've read Jules Verne ? - I adore Jules Verne . - So do I. 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea . My absolute favorite . The first time I read that as a little boy , I wanted to meet Captain Nemo . Don 't tease . You couldn 't have read that when you were a boy . It was only first published 10 years ago . Yes . I meant it made me feel like a boy . I never met a woman who liked Jules Verne before . I never ever met a man like you before . [ Clock cuckooing ] [ Bell rings ] [ Object rolling ] [ Marty groaning ] [ Marty sighs ] MARTY : Doc ? Doc ? Hope you know what you 're doing . [ Ominous instrumental music ] You talking to me ? You talking to me , Tannen ? I 'm the only one here . Go ahead ! Make my day . [ Horse neighs ] PASSERBY : Good morning . MARTY : ' Morning . Man : Have a cigar . Anything I can do for you today ? - No , that 's fine . - Good luck tomorrow . - We 'll be praying for you . - Thanks . Good morning . Interest you in a new suit for tomorrow ? I 'm fine . Thanks . MARTY : What are you doing ? DOC : Nothing . I was just out enjoying the morning air . It 's really lovely here in the morning . Don 't you think ? Yes . We 've got to load the DeLorean and get ready to roll . Look at that , the tombstone . DOC : Let me see that photograph again . My name , it 's vanished . MARTY : That 's great , Doc . We 're going back to the future tomorrow , so everything 's being erased . DOC : But only my name is erased . The tombstone itself and the date still remain . That doesn 't make sense . We know this photograph represents what will happen if the events of today continue to run their course into tomorrow . - Right . So ? - Excuse me , Mr. Eastwood . - I just need to take your measurements . - Look , pal , I don 't want to buy a suit . - This is for your coffin . - My coffin ? The odds are running 2-1 against you . Might as well be prepared . So it may not be my name that 's going to be on this tombstone . It may be yours . - Great Scott . - I know , this is heavy . DOC : Why are you wearing that gun ? You 're not considering going up against Tannen ? Tomorrow morning I 'm going back to the future with you . But if Buford Tannen comes looking for trouble , I 'll be ready for him . You heard what that son of a bitch called me . You can 't lose your judgment over names . That 's exactly what causes you to get in that accident in the future . What ? What about my future ? I can 't tell you . It might make things worse . Wait a minute . What is wrong with my future ? We all have to make decisions that affect the course of our lives . You 've got to do what you 've got to do and I 've got to do what I 've got to do . - Marty . - Yeah ? I 've made a decision . I 'm not going with you tomorrow . I 'm staying here . What are you talking about ? There 's no point in denying it . - I 'm in love with Clara . - Oh , man . We don 't belong here . Neither one of us . It could still be you that gets shot tomorrow . This tombstone could still be in your future . Marty , the future isn 't written . It can be changed . You know that . Anyone can make their future whatever they want it to be . I can 't let this one little photograph determine my entire destiny . I have to live my life according to what I believe is right in my heart . Doc , you 're a scientist . So you tell me . What 's the right thing to do , up here ? [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] You 're right , Marty . - That worked great . - I 've at least got to tell her good-bye . Come on , Doc . Think about it . What will you say to her ? " I 've got to go back to the future " ? She won 't understand that . Hell , I 'm in it with you , and I don 't even understand it . [ Tender instrumental music ] MARTY : Doc . Listen . Maybe we ... Maybe we can just take Clara with us . To the future ? As you reminded me , I 'm a scientist , so I must be scientific about this . I cautioned you about disrupting the continuum for your own benefit . Therefore , I must do no less . We shall proceed as planned , and as soon as we return to 1985 we 'll destroy this infernal machine . Traveling through time has become much too painful . [ Knocking on door ] It 's Emmett , Clara . [ Sighs ] Emmett , won 't you come in ? No , I better not . I ... What 's wrong ? I 've come to say good-bye . Good-bye ? Where are you going ? I 'm going away . I 'm afraid I 'll never see you again . Emmett . Clara , I want you to know that I care about you deeply . But I 've realized that I don 't belong here , and I have to go back where I came from . Where might that be ? I can 't tell you . [ Sighs ] Then wherever you 're going , take me with you . I can 't , Clara . I wish it didn 't have to be this way but believe me when I tell you that I 'll never forget you and that I love you . CLARA : I don 't understand what you 're trying to say . Clara . I don 't think there 's any way that you can understand it . Please , I have to know . If you sincerely do love me , then tell me the truth . All right then . I 'm from the future . I came here in a time machine that I invented and tomorrow I have to go back to the year 1985 . [ Gasps ] Yes , Emmett . I do understand . I understand that because you know I 'm partial to the writings of Jules Verne you concocted those mendacities in order to take advantage of me . I 've heard some whoppers in my day but the fact that you 'd expect me to believe this is so insulting and degrading ! All you had to say is , " I don 't love you and I don 't want to see you anymore . " That , at least , would have been respectful ! But that 's not the truth . [ Somber instrumental music ] [ Sobbing softly ] [ Saloon music playing ] PATRON : Good to see you , too . Emmett . What can I get you , the usual ? No , Chester , I 'll need something a lot stronger than that tonight . - Sarsaparilla . - Whiskey , Chester . Whiskey ? Are you sure ? You know what happened to you on the Fourth of July . Whiskey . BARMAN : Okay , I ain 't your papa . Just don 't want to see you do the wrong thing . You can leave the bottle . It 's a woman , right ? I knew it . I 've seen that look on a man 's face a thousand times all across the country . All I can tell you , friend , is you 'll get over her . Clara was one in a million . One in a billion . One in a googolplex . The woman of my dreams , and I 've lost her for all time . I can assure you , sir , there are other women . Peddling this barbed wire across the country has taught me one thing for certain it 's that you never know what the future might bring . The future . I can tell you about the future . [ Horse neighs ] Man , did I sleep . What time is it , Doc ? Doc ! TANNEN : Wake up ! Get up ! Let 's go ! I got me a runt to kill . THUG 2 : It 's still early , boss . What 's your hurry ? I 'm hungry . And in the future , we don 't need horses . We have motorized carriages called automobiles . [ Laughing ] If everybody 's got one of these auto whatsits does anybody walk or run anymore ? Of course they run , but for recreation , for fun . Run for fun ? What the hell kind of fun is that ? [ Laughing hysterically ] MARTY : Doc ! How much has he had ? None . That 's the first one , and he hasn 't touched it yet . He just likes to hold it . [ Man laughing ] Doc ! What are you doing ? I 've lost her , Marty . There 's nothing left for me here . That 's why you gotta come back with me . - Where ? - Back to the future ! - Right ! Let 's get going ! - Great . Gentlemen , excuse me . My friend and I have to catch a train . Here 's to you , blacksmith . - And to the future . - Amen . - Amen . - Emmett , no ! MARTY : Doc ! MARTY : Come on , Doc . Wake up ! Wake up , Doc ! - How many did he have ? - Just the one . - Just the one ? Come on , Doc . - There 's a fellow that can 't hold his liquor . - Get me some black coffee ! - Joey , coffee ! [ Clock bell ringing ] [ Dramatic instrumental music ] CLERK : Ma 'am ? - How far does the 8 : 00 train go ? - San Francisco is the end of the line . I 'll take a one-way ticket . To sober him up in a hurry , you need something a lot stronger than coffee . What do you suggest ? Joey , let 's make some wake-up juice . MARTY : Come on , Doc , swallow . In about 10 minutes he 's gonna be as sober as a priest on Sunday . Ten minutes ! Why do we cut these things so damn close ? BARMAN : Here , stick this clothespin on his nose . When he opens up his mouth , go ahead and pour it on down his gullet . Stand back . [ Doc screaming ] - He 's still out ! - That was just a reflex action . It 'll take a few more minutes for the stuff to clear up his head . Perfect . [ Bell ringing ] MARTY : Come on , Doc . Wake up , buddy . Wake up , Doc ! Seamus ? Wouldn 't expect to see you here this morning . Aye . Something inside me told me I should be here as if my future had something to do with it . He 'll come around in a minute . Come on . Come on , Doc . Let 's go ! Let 's wake up now , buddy . TANNEN : Are you in there , Eastwood ? It 's 8 : 00 and I 'm calling you out . MARTY : It 's not 8 : 00 yet ! TANNEN : It is by my watch ! Let 's settle this once and for all , runt ! Or ain 't you got the gumption ? Listen . I 'm not really feeling up to this today . - So I 'll have to forfeit . - Forfeit ? What 's that mean ? - It means that you win without a fight . - Without shooting ? He can 't do that . You can 't do that ! You know what I think ? I think you ain 't nothing but a gutless , yellow turd ! I 'm giving you to the count of 10 to come out here and prove I 'm wrong ! One ! Doc , come on , sober up , buddy . TANNEN : Two ! MAN : You better get out there , son . I got $ 20 gold bet on you , so don 't let me down . TANNEN : Three ! MAN 2 : I got $ 30 gold bet against you , so don 't let me down . Four ! MAN 3 : You better face up to it , son , because if you don 't go out there ... MARTY : What ? TANNEN : Five ! - What if I don 't go out there ? - You 're a coward . TANNEN : Six ! And you 'll be branded a coward for the rest of your days ! MAN 3 : Everybody everywhere will say Clint Eastwood is the biggest yellow-belly in the West ! Seven ! Here ! TANNEN : Eight ! I already got a gun . TANNEN : Nine ! Ten ! Do you hear me , runt ? I said that 's 10 , you gutless , yellow pie-slinger ! He 's an asshole ! I don 't care what Tannen says ! I don 't care what anybody else says either . MARTY : Doc , you okay ? DOC : I think so . What a headache ! - You got a back door to this place ? - It 's in the back . Let 's go . Are you coming out here or do I have to come in after you ? The thing I really miss here is Tylenol . Hey ! Reach , blacksmith ! [ Train whistle blowing ] [ Bell ringing ] GENTLEMAN : Yes , sir , that poor fellow last night had the worst case of broken heart I have ever seen . When he said he didn 't know how he could live the rest of his life knowing how much hurt he 'd caused that little girl I really felt for him , I did , right here . TANNEN : Listen up , Eastwood ! I aim to shoot somebody today , and I prefer it 'd be you . But if you 're just too damn yellow it 'll just have to be your blacksmith friend . Forget about me , Marty , and save yourself ! You got one minute to decide . You hear me , runt ? One minute ! [ Train whistle blowing distantly ] I 've never seen a man so broken up over a woman . What did he say her name was ? Cara ? Sara ? - Clara . - Clara . - Excuse me . - Ma 'am ? Was this man tall , with great big brown puppy-dog eyes and long silvery , flowing hair ? You know him . [ Clara panting ] Emmett ! [ Brakes scraping loudly ] [ All shrieking ] [ Dramatic instrumental music ] Time 's up , runt ! [ Clock bells ringing ] [ Gun cocks ] Prepare to meet your maker , blacksmith . MARTY : Right here , Tannen ! [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] Draw ! No ! I thought we could settle this like men . You thought wrong , dude . [ Laughing ] TANNEN : Thank you . [ Tannen shrieking ] [ Tannen grunts ] [ Dramatic instrumental music ] [ Tannen grunts ] [ Tannen groaning ] [ Crowd laughing ] That was good . You know what I think ? - I think Buford 's going to jail . - Yeah . Get him out of that shit . Get them ! DEPUTY : Buford Tannen , you 're under arrest for robbing the Pine City stage . You got anything to say ? I hate manure . Look ! Yes ! [ Whistle blowing ] - The train ! - Can we make it ? We 'll have to cut them off at Coyote Pass . [ Dramatic instrumental music ] BOY : Hey , mister . Mr. Eastwood . - Here 's your gun , mister . - Thanks , kid . Seamus . It 's worth $ 12 . Never been used . SEAMUS : Maybe I 'll trade it for a new hat . MARTY : Right ! Take care of that baby ! I will ! [ Dramatic instrumental music ] Emmett ! Emmett ! Emmett ! CLARA : " Time machine . " [ Dramatic instrumental music ] Come on ! MARTY : Go ! DOC : Give me your hand ! [ Both grunting ] [ Marty shouting ] Come on ! Come on , Marty . [ Shouting ] Come on . Let 's go ! Masks on . DOC : Reach ! ENGINEER : Is this a holdup ? DOC : It 's a science experiment . Stop the train just before you hit the switch track up ahead . [ Brakes whining ] MARTY : Doc ! DOC : Uncouple the cars from the tender ! [ Engine chugging ] [ Chugging grows faster ] [ Whistle blowing ] I 've wanted to do that all my life . [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] [ Uplifting instrumental music ] MARTY : What are these things ? My version of Presto Logs . Compressed wood with anthracite dust chemically treated to burn hotter and longer . I use them so I don 't have to stoke my forge . These three will ignite sequentially make the fire hotter , kick up the boiler pressure and make the train go faster . [ Dramatic instrumental music ] [ Train whistle blowing ] Ready to roll ! [ Whistle blowing ] [ Chugging growing faster ] [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] CLARA : Emmett ! DOC : Marty , are the time circuits on ? Check ! Input the destination time : October 27 , 1985 , 11 : 00 a.m. MARTY : Check . We 're cruising at a steady 25 miles an hour . DOC : I 'm throwing in the Presto Logs . [ Fire roaring loudly ] The new dashboard gauge will tell us the boiler temperature . It 's color-coded to indicate when each log will fire . Green , yellow and red . Each detonation will be accompanied by a sudden burst of acceleration . Hopefully we 'll hit 88 miles per hour before the needle gets much past 2,000 . Why ? What happens after it hits 2,000 ? The whole boiler explodes ! Perfect ! [ Clara shrieks ] MARTY : We just hit 35 ! DOC : Okay , Marty . I 'm coming aboard ! [ Dramatic instrumental music ] Emmett ! [ Clara shouting over noise ] Come on . MARTY : You better hold onto something ! The yellow log is about to blow ! Golly . We just passed 40 ! [ Lntense instrumental music ] [ Faint shouting of Clara ] Emmett ! We just passed 45 ! Go for it ! MARTY : Fifty . [ Train whistle blowing ] Emmett ! Clara ! I love you ! MARTY : What 's happening ? DOC : It 's Clara ! She 's on the train ! Clara ? Perfect . She 's in the cab ! I 'm going back for her ! The windmill ! Doc ! We 're going past 50 ! You 'll never make it ! Then we 'll have to take her back with us ! Keep calling out the speed ! Clara , climb out here to me ! - I don 't know if I can ! - You can do it ! DOC : Just don 't look down ! That 's it ! Sixty miles an hour ! [ Dramatic instrumental music ] You 're doing fine ! Nice and steady ! Come on ! - Just a little further ! - I can 't ! I 'm scared ! MARTY : Seventy ! DOC : Keep coming , Clara ! DOC : Come on ! You 're doing fine ! Come on ! Nice and easy ! Don 't look down ! That 's it ! You 're doing fine ! The red log is about to blow ! [ Clara screaming ] Clara ! [ Marty exclaiming ] CLARA : Emmett ! CLARA : I 'm trying to reach you ! DOC : Clara , hold on ! CLARA : I can 't ! I 'll slip you the Hoverboard ! Marty , watch out ! [ Screaming ] CLARA : Emmett , help ! Hold on ! MARTY : Ready , Doc ? Catch it ! Yes ! Emmett ! Clara ! [ Sparks crackling ] [ Lntense instrumental music ] [ Explosion resounds ] [ Chugging ] [ Explosions bursting ] [ Crossing bell ringing ] [ Car honks ] [ Wheels scraping on tracks ] [ Train whistle blowing ] [ Sad instrumental music ] [ Machine buzzing intermittently ] Well , Doc it 's destroyed . Just like you wanted . [ Ominous instrumental music ] - Hey , butthead , get away ... - Watch it , Biff ! I didn 't mean to scare you . I didn 't recognize you . - What the hell are you doing ? - Just putting on the second coat . You going cowboy ? DAVID : Come on , guys . We 'll be late for brunch . Dad , they won 't hold your reservations all day . MR. MCFLY : I can 't find my glasses . MR. MCFLY : Have you seen them ? MRS. MCFLY : They 're in your suede jacket . Marty ? What 's wrong ? We thought you went to the lake . - You wore that to the lake ? - Thank God you guys are back to normal . Who are you supposed to be ? Clint Eastwood ? Right . I have to go get Jennifer . - I really like that hat . - Thanks , Biff . [ Mysterious instrumental music ] MARTY : Jennifer . Jen . [ Tender instrumental music ] Jennifer . [ Jennifer sighs ] Marty . Marty ! I had the worst nightmare . JENNIFER : That dream I had is so real . It was about the future . About us . And you got fired . Wait a minute . What do you mean , I got fired ? Hilldale . Hilldale ! This is where we live . I mean , this is where we 're going to live . Someday . It was a dream , wasn 't it ? [ Power of Love playing loudly ] [ Kids laughing ] NEEDLES : The big M. - How 's it hanging , McFly ? - Hey , Needles . Nice set of wheels . Let 's see what she can do . NEEDLES : Next green light . MARTY : No , thanks . What 's the matter ? Chicken ? [ Kids cheering ] - Marty , don 't . - Grab hold of something . KID : Come on ! NEEDLES : Get on ! [ Engines revving ] Yeah , go ! [ Cheering ] [ Tires squealing ] [ Jennifer shrieks ] JENNIFER : Did you do that on purpose ? Yeah . You think I 'm stupid enough to race that asshole ? [ Horn honking ] [ Brakes screeching ] [ Tires squealing ] Jeez ! I would have hit that Rolls-Royce . It erased . JENNIFER : You 're right . There 's not much left . Doc 's never coming back . I 'll sure miss him , Jen . [ Crossing bell ringing ] What the hell ? [ Train chugging slowly ] [ Machines powering down ] - Doc ! - Marty ! - Doc ! - Marty ! It runs on steam ! [ Tender instrumental music ] Meet the family . Clara , you know . - Hi , Marty ! - Ma 'am ! These are our boys : Jules and Verne . Boys , this is Marty and Jennifer . - Doc , I thought I 'd never see you again . - You can 't keep a good scientist down . I had to come back for Einstein and I didn 't want you to be worried about me . I brought you a little souvenir . It 's great , Doc . Thanks . JENNIFER : Dr. Brown , I brought this note back from the future and now it 's erased . Of course it 's erased . What does that mean ? It means your future hasn 't been written yet . No one 's has . Your future is whatever you make it . So make it a good one , both of you . We will , Doc ! Stand back ! All right , boys , buckle up ! MARTY : Where are you going now ? Back to the future ? No . Already been there . [ Dramatic instrumental music ] [ Train whistle blowing ] [ Climactic instrumental music ] [ Double Back plays by ZZ Top ] [ Back to the Future theme music plays ] Subtitles by SOFTITLER Doc . Doc . - Doc ! - What ? Relax , Doc . It 's me ! It 's Marty . It can 't be . I just sent you back to the future . You did send me back to the future , but I 'm back . I 'm back from the future . Great Scott ! Hey , kids , what time is it ? Howdy Doody time ! " It 's Howdy Doody time " Great Scott ! Howdy Doody time ? Date : Sunday , November 13 , 1955 , 7 : 01 a. m . Last night 's time travel experiment was apparently a complete success . Lightning struck the clock tower at 10 : 04 p . M sending the necessary 1.21 gigawatts into the time vehicle , which vanished in a flash of light leaving a pair of fire trails behind . I assumed Marty and the time vehicle were transported forward through time to the year 1985 . After that , I can 't recall what happened . In fact , I don 't even remember how I got home . Perhaps the gigawatt discharge and the temporal displacement field generated by the vehicle caused a disruption of my own brain waves resulting in a condition of momentary amnesia . I now recall that moments after the time vehicle disappeared into the future I saw a vision of Marty saying he had come back from the future . Hey , Doc . Undoubtedly , this was some residual image . Doc , calm down . It 's me . It 's Marty . It can 't be you . I sent you back to the future ! That 's right , but I came back again from the future . Don 't you remember ? You fainted . I brought you home . This can 't be happening ! You can 't be here ! It doesn 't make sense ! I refuse to believe you are here ! I am here , and it does make sense . I came back to 1955 again with you . The you from 1985 is waiting to get a book from Biff ! Once I got the book , the you from 1985 were in the DeLorean and it got struck by lightning , and you got sent back to 1885 ! 1885 ? It 's a very interesting story , future boy but there 's one thing that doesn 't make sense . If the me of the future is now in the past , how could you possibly know about it ? You sent me a letter . " Dear Marty , if my calculations are correct ... " ... you will receive this letter immediately after the DeLorean 's struck by lightning . " First , let me assure you I am alive and well . " I 've been living happily these past eight months in the year 1885 . " The lightning bolt that hit the DeLorean ... " ... caused an overload which scrambled the time circuits ... " ... activated the flux capacitor and sent me back to 1885 . " The overload shorted out the time circuits ... " ... and destroyed the flying circuits . Unfortunately , the car will never fly again . " It actually flew ? Yeah . We had a hover conversion done in the early 21st century . Incredible ! " I set myself up as a blacksmith as a front ... " ... while I attempted to repair the damage to the time circuits . " Unfortunately , this proved impossible ... " ... because suitable replacement parts will not be invented until 1947 . " However , I 've gotten quite adept at shoeing horses and fixing wagons . " 1885 ! Amazing ! I actually end up as a blacksmith in the Old West . Pretty heavy . " I have buried the DeLorean in the abandoned Delgado Mine ... " ... adjacent to the old Boot Hill Cemetery as shown on the enclosed map . " Hopefully , it should remain undisturbed and preserved until you uncover it in 1955 . " Inside , you will find repair instructions . " My 1955 counterpart ... " That 's me . " Should have no problem repairing it so that you can drive it back to the future . " Once you have returned to 1985 , destroy the time machine . " - Destroy it ? - It 's a long story , Doc . " I repeat , do not attempt to come back here to get me . " I am perfectly happy living in the fresh air ... " ... and wide-open spaces . " I fear that unnecessary time travel ... " ... only risks further disruption of the space-time continuum . " And please take care of Einstein for me . " Einstein ? He 's your dog , Doc . Einstein is what you call your dog in 1985 . " I know you will give him a good home . " Remember to walk him twice a day and that he only likes canned dog food . " These are my wishes . Please respect and follow them . " And so , Marty , I now say farewell and wish you Godspeed . " You 've been a good , kind , and loyal friend to me ... " ... and you made a real difference in my life . " I will always treasure our relationship and think of you with fond memories ... " ... warm feelings and a special place in my heart . " Your friend in time , Doc Emmett L. Brown . " September 1 , 1885 . " I never knew I could write anything so touching . I know , it 's beautiful . It 's all right , Copernicus . Everything will be fine . I 'm sorry . It 's all my fault you 're stuck back there . I never should 've let Biff get to me . There are plenty worse places to be than the Old West . I could have ended up in the Dark Ages . They probably would have burned me at the stake as a heretic . Let 's look at the map . According to this , the time vehicle is sealed off in a side tunnel . We may have to blast . Whoa ! I think you woke up the dead with that blast . Take this camera . I want to document everything ! This reminds me of the time I attempted to reach the center of the Earth . I 'd been reading my favorite author , Jules Verne . I spent weeks preparing that expedition . I didn 't even get this far . Of course , I was only 12 at the time . You know , it was the writings of Jules Verne that had a profound effect on my life . When I was 11 , I first read 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea . It was then that I realized I must devote my life to science . Check it out . Look at this . My initials ! Just like in Journey to the Center of the Earth ! That means the time machine must be right through this wall ! It 's been buried in here for 70 years , two months and 13 days . Astounding ! " As you see , the lightning bolt shorted out the time-circuit control chip . " The attached ... " Schematic . " Schematic diagram will allow you to build a replacement unit ... " ... with 1955 components , thus restoring the time machine to perfect working order . " Unbelievable that this little piece of junk could be such a big problem . No wonder this circuit failed . It says , " Made in Japan . " What do you mean , Doc ? All the best stuff is made in Japan . Unbelievable ! You know , when I was a kid , I always wanted to be a cowboy . Now , knowing I 'm spending my future in the past it sounds like a wonderful way to spend my retirement years . It just occurred to me , since I end up in 1885 perhaps I 'm now in the history books . I wonder . Could I look myself up in the old newspaper archives ? I don 't know . You always say it 's not good to know too much about your own destiny . You 're right , Marty . I know too much already . Better that I not attempt to uncover the circumstances of my own future . Copernicus . Come on , boy ! I 'll get him . Copernicus ! Come on . Let 's go home , boy . What 's wrong ? What 's wrong , Copernicus ? Come on , let 's go . Doc , come here ! Quick ! What 's wrong ? You look like you 've seen a ghost . You 're not far off , Doc . Great Scott ! Check this out . " Died September 7 , 1885 . " That 's one week after you wrote the letter ! " Erected in eternal memory by his beloved Clara . " Who the hell is Clara ? - Please don 't stand there ! - Right . Sorry . I have to get another picture . " Shot in the back by Buford Tannen over a matter of $ 80 " ? What kind of a future do you call that ? " Buford Tannen was a notorious gunman ... " ... whose short temper and a tendency to drool ... " ... earned him the nickname ' Mad Dog . ' " He was quick on the trigger and bragged he had killed 12 men ... " ... not including Indians or Chinamen . " Does it name me ? Am I one of the 12 ? Wait . " This claim cannot be proven since precise records were not kept ... " ... after Tannen shot a newspaper editor ... " ... who printed an unfavorable story about him in 1884 . " That 's why we can 't find anything . Look . William McFly and family . Your relatives ? My great-grandfather 's name was William . That 's him . Good-looking guy . McFlys , but no Browns . Maybe it was a mistake . Maybe that grave wasn 't yours . There could 've been another Emmett Brown in 1885 . Did you have any relatives here back then ? The Browns didn 't come to Hill Valley until 1908 . Then they were the von Brauns . My father changed our name during World War I. Look . Great Scott , it 's me ! Then it is true , all of it . It is me who goes back there and gets shot . It 's not gonna happen , Doc . After you fix the time circuits and put new tires on the DeLorean I 'm going back to 1885 , and I 'm bringing you home . The clothes fit ? Everything except the boots . They 're kind of tight . Are you sure this stuff is authentic ? Of course . Haven 't you ever seen a Western ? Yeah , I have . Clint Eastwood never wore anything like this . - Clint who ? - Right . You haven 't heard of him yet . You have to wear the boots . You can 't wear those futuristic things back in 1885 . You shouldn 't be wearing them here in 1955 . - As soon as I get there , I 'll put them on . - Okay . I think we 're about ready . I put gas in the tank . Your future clothes are packed . Just in case , fresh batteries for your walkie-talkies . What about that floating device ? Hoverboard . All right . It 's gonna be a long walk back to Hill Valley from here . It 's still the safest plan . We can 't risk sending you back into a populated area or to a spot that 's geographically unknown . You don 't want to crash into some tree that existed in the past . This was all completely open country so you 'll have plenty of runout space when you arrive . Remember , where you 're going , there are no roads . There 's a small cave over there which will be a good place to hide the time vehicle . The new time-circuit control tubes are warmed up . Time circuits on . I wrote the letter on September 1 , so we 'll send you to September 2 , that 's a Wednesday . September 2 , 1885 , 8 : 00 a. m . I get shot on Monday the 7th . You have five days to locate me . According to my letter , I 'm a blacksmith , so I probably have a shop somewhere . All you got to do is drive the time vehicle directly toward that screen , accelerating to 88 miles an hour . Wait a minute . If I drive straight towards the screen , I 'll crash into those Indians . Marty , you 're not thinking fourth dimensionally . You 'll instantly be transported to 1885 and those Indians won 't even be there . Right . Good luck , for both of our sakes . See you in the future . - You mean the past . - Exactly . Happy trails , Marty ! Ready , Marty ? Ready ! - Set ! - Hi-ho , Silver . Indians ! The cave ! Charge ! Shit ! The cavalry ! Damn , I ripped the fuel line . Maggie ! Fetch some water ! We got a hurt man here . Mom . Mom , is that you ? There , there . You 've been asleep for nearly six hours . I had this horrible nightmare . I dreamed I was in a Western . I was being chased by all these Indians and a bear . You 're safe and sound now here at the McFly farm . " McFly farm " ? You 're my ... You 're my ... - Who are you ? - The name is Maggie McFly . McFly ? Maggie ? And that 's Mrs. McFly , and don 't you be forgetting the " Mrs. " What might your name be , sir ? It 's ... Eastwood . Clint Eastwood . You hit your head , Mr. Eastwood . Not too serious , but lucky for you Seamus found you when he did . Seamus . Me husband . You 'll be excusing me , while I tend to William . William . That 's okay , Will . That 's William ? Aye . William Sean McFly , the first of our family to be born in America . It 's okay , Will . This here is Mr. Clint Eastwood visiting . He sure likes you . Maggie . I 've got supper . I 'm not one to pry into a man 's personal affairs but exactly how is it you came to be way out here without a horse , or boots , or a hat ? Well , my horse broke down and a bear ate my boots and I just forgot my hat . How could you forget a thing like your hat ? - Would you like some water ? - Yeah . I 'll tell you what I 'll do , Mr. Eastwood . I 'll help you find your blacksmith friend . You can stay the night in the barn and tomorrow I 'll take you as far as the railroad tracks . You can follow them straight into town . I 'll even give you a hat . That 's great . Thanks . That 's my William . Wee Willy . Yes . I think you 'll find the barn comfortable . Never had any complaints about it from the pigs . Seamus . A word with you . Aye . Will you hold him for a minute ? Are you sure you 're not bringing a curse on this house taking him in like that ? - He 's such a strange young man . - Aye , but I 've just got a feeling about him . Looking after him is the right thing to do . That 's important . Hey , buddy . Look how the baby takes to him . Little Will never takes to strangers . It 's almost as if he 's connected to us . Hey , Will . So you 're my great-grandfather . The first McFly born in America . And you peed on me . Give us some soap . Here you go . Take a look and see what just breezed in the door . I didn 't know the circus was in town . Must have got that shirt off a dead Chinese . What will it be , stranger ? I 'll have ... Ice water . Ice water ? Water ? You want water , you better dunk your head in the horse trough out there . In here , we pour whiskey . - Excuse me . - For what ? I 'm trying to find a blacksmith . Hey , McFly ! Thought I told you never to come in ... You ain 't Seamus McFly . You look like him , though , especially with that dog-ugly hat . You kin to that hay barber ? - What 's your name , dude ? - Marty ... Eastwood . Clint Eastwood . - What kind of stupid name is that ? - He 's the runt of the litter . Boys , would you look-see at these pearly whites ? I ain 't seen teeth that straight that weren 't store-bought . Take a gander at them moccasins . What kind of skins is them ? What 's that writing mean ? " Nike " ? Is that Indian talk ? Bartender , I 'm looking for that no-good , cheating blacksmith . - You seen him ? - No , sir , Mr. Tannen . I have not . Tannen . You 're Mad Dog Tannen . " Mad Dog " ? I hate that name . I hate it , you hear ? Nobody calls me " Mad Dog " ! Especially not some duded-up , egg-sucking gutter trash . Dance ! Come on ! Come on , runt ! You can dance better than that ! Shit . - You better run , squirrel . - Get him ! We got ourselves a new courthouse . It 's high time we had a hanging ! Look at him sway . Yeah , haven 't had a hanging in a long time ! I shoot the fleas off a dog 's back at 500 yards , Tannen and it 's pointed at your head ! You owe me money , blacksmith . How do you figure ? My horse threw a shoe . You done the shoeing , so that makes you responsible . Since you never paid me for the job , I 'd say that makes us even . Wrong ! I was on my horse when it happened , and I got throwed off ! That caused me to bust a perfectly good bottle of fine Kentucky redeye . The way I figure it , blacksmith , you owe me $ 5 for the whiskey and $ 75 for the horse ! That 's the $ 80 . If your horse threw a shoe , bring him back and I 'll reshoe him . I shot that horse ! - That 's your problem , Tannen . - Wrong . That 's yours . From now on , you better be looking behind you when you walk . Because one day you 're gonna get a bullet in your back . Doc ! Marty , I gave you explicit instructions not to come here but to go directly back to 1985 . I know , but I had to come . It 's good to see you , Marty . You 've got to do something about those clothes . - Dressed like that , you 're liable to get shot . - Or hanged . What idiot dressed you in that outfit ? You did . " Shot in the back by Buford Tannen over a matter of $ 80 " ? " September 7 " ? That 's this Monday ! Now I wish I 'd paid him off . Who 's this " beloved Clara " ? I don 't know anyone named Clara . I don 't know , Doc . I thought maybe she was a girlfriend of yours . My involvement in such a social relationship here in 1885 could result in a disruption of the space-time continuum . As a scientist I can never take that risk . Certainly not after what we 've already been through . Emmett ! Hello , Emmett . Hubert . It 's the mayor . Excuse me , Emmett . Do you remember last week when you volunteered to meet the new schoolteacher at the station ? Yes , quite so . We just got word she 's coming in tomorrow . Here are the details for you . Thanks for all your help . Anytime , Hubert . Oh ! Her name 's Miss Clara Clayton . Well , Doc now we know who Clara is . Marty , it 's impossible . The idea that I could fall in love at first sight is romantic nonsense . There 's no scientific rationale for that concept . It 's not science . You meet the right girl , it hits you like lightning . Please , don 't say that . That 's the way it was for me and Jennifer . We couldn 't keep our eyes off each other . God , Jennifer , I hope she 's all right . I can 't believe we just left her on the porch . Don 't worry . She 'll be fine . When you burned the almanac in 1955 , the normal timeline was restored . Once we 're back in 1985 you just have to go to her house to wake her up . Turn that valve over there , all the way to the right . Yeah , pull it all the way around . Let 's go ! Ice tea ? No , thanks . It 's a refrigerator . I guess Miss Clayton will have to find other transportation . If I never meet her , there 's no possibility of a romantic infatuation . - You 're the doc . - All right . We 'll get the DeLorean and get back to the future . I tore a hole in the gas tank when I was landing so we 'll have to patch it up and get some gas . You mean , we 're out of gas ? Yeah . It 's no big deal . We 've got Mr. Fusion , right ? Mr. Fusion powers the time circuits and the flux capacitor . But the internal combustion engine runs on ordinary gasoline . It always has . There won 't be a gas station around here until sometime in the next century . Without gasoline , we can 't get the DeLorean up to 88 mph . So what do we do ? - Twenty-four ! - It 's no use , Marty ! Even the fastest horse in the world won 't run more than 35 , 40 miles an hour ! Bartender said that 's the strongest stuff they got . Try it , Marty . Give it more gas ! Damn ! It blew the fuel injection manifold . Strong stuff , all right . It will take me a month to rebuild it . A month ? - You 're gonna get shot on Monday ! - I know ! I wish ... Wait . I 've got it ! We can roll it down a steep hill ! We 'll never find a smooth enough surface . Unless ... Of course ! Ice ! We 'll wait until winter when the lake freezes over . Winter ? What are you saying ? Monday is three days away ! All right . Let 's just think this thing through logically . We know it won 't run under its own power . We know we can 't pull it . But if we could figure out a way to push it up to 88 miles an hour ... That 's it . How fast can she go ? Why , I 've had her up to 55 myself . I heard that Fearless Frank Fargo got one of these up to near 70 out past Verde Junction . Do you think it 's possible to get it up to 90 ? Ninety ? Tarnation . Who would ever need to be in such a hurry ? Just a little bet he and I have , that 's all . Theoretically speaking , could it be done ? I suppose , if you had a straight stretch of track with a level grade and you weren 't hauling no cars and if you could get the fire hot enough . I 'm talking about hotter than the blazes of Hell itself . It might be possible to get her up that fast . When does the next train come through ? Monday morning at 8 : 00 . Here . This spur that runs off the main line 3 miles out to Clayton Ravine . It 's a long stretch of level track that will still exist in 1985 . This is where we 'll push the DeLorean with the locomotive . Funny . This map calls Clayton Ravine " Shonash Ravine . " That must be the old Indian name for it . It 's perfect . A long run that goes across the bridge over the ravine over near that Hilldale housing development . Right , but according to this map there is no bridge . Well , Doc , we can scratch that idea . We can 't wait for this thing to get finished . Marty , it 's perfect . You 're not thinking fourth dimensionally . Right . I have a problem with that . Don 't you see ? The bridge will exist in 1985 . It 's safe and still in use . As long as we get the DeLorean up to 88 miles an hour before we hit the edge of the ravine we 'll instantaneously arrive at a point in time where the bridge is completed . We 'll have track under us and coast safely across the ravine . What about the train ? It will be a spectacular wreck . Too bad no one will be around to see it . Help me ! Great Scott ! Hurry ! Jump ! Thank you , sir . You saved my life . Emmett Brown at your service , Miss ... Clayton . Clara Clayton . Clara ? What a beautiful name . May I help you inside with these ? That won 't be necessary . I can take care of it . - You 've done more than enough already . - But it 's really no trouble . She says it 's fine , and we have to get going . Ma 'am , good luck with your school teaching and everything . Clara . I 'll straighten everything out for the buckboard rental . Don 't worry about that . I feel somewhat responsible for what happened . That would be very gentlemanly of you , Mr. Brown . Emmett . You know , I 'm almost glad that snake spooked those horses . Otherwise , we might never have met . I suppose it was destiny . Thank you for everything . You 're quite welcome . I will see you again , won 't I ? Of course . You 'll see lots of me . I have a shop in town . I 'm the local scientist , I mean , blacksmith . What sort of science ? Astronomy ? Chemistry ? Actually , I 'm a student of all sciences . Doc , we have to get going . Yes . Excuse us , Clara . We have to get going . Toodle-oo . What do you mean , you 'll be seeing lots of her ? I might see her again just in passing . Did you see the way she was looking at you ? She did have quite a scare , right ? Miss Clayton almost ended up at the bottom of Clayton Ravine . Holy shit . Clayton Ravine was named after a teacher . - They say she fell in there 100 years ago . - 100 years ago ! - That 's this year ! - Every kid knows that story . We all have teachers we 'd like to see fall into the ravine . Great Scott ! Then she was supposed to go over in that wagon . Now I may have seriously altered history . Look , Doc , what 's the worse that can happen ? So they don 't name the ravine after her . Let 's get the DeLorean ready and get out of here . I wish I 'd never invented that infernal time machine . It 's caused nothing but disaster . Doc , this is Marty . Do you read me ? Over . Check , Marty . Great . These things still work . All right . Once more , let 's go over the entire plan and layout . - I apologize for the crudity of this model ... - Yeah , it 's not to scale . It 's okay . All right . Tomorrow night , Sunday we load the DeLorean onto the tracks here , on the spur by the abandoned silver mine . The switch track is where the spur runs off the main line three miles out to Clayton ... Shonash Ravine . The train leaves the station at 8 : 00 Monday morning . We 'll stop it , uncouple the cars , throw the switch track and then hijack borrow the locomotive and use it to push the time machine . According to my calculations we 'll reach 88 mph just before we hit the edge of the ravine , at which point we 'll be transported back to 1985 and coast safely across the completed bridge . What does this mean ? " Point of no return . " That 's our fail-safe point . Till there , we have time to stop the locomotive before it plunges into the ravine . But once we pass this windmill , it 's the future or bust . Here you go . Connect that to the positive terminal . All right , you all set ? Yeah . Go ! Train pulling out of the station ! Coming up to the switch track ! Stop at the switch track ! Throw the switch ! Pull up to the DeLorean ! Pushing the DeLorean up to 88 miles per hour ! It couldn 't be simpler . Emmett ? It 's Clara . Quick , cover the DeLorean ! Hello . Why , hello . This is quite a surprise . I hope I 'm not disturbing anything . We were just doing a little model railroading . When my bags were thrown from the wagon my telescope was damaged . Since you mentioned an interest in science I thought you might be able to repair it for me . I would pay you , of course . I wouldn 't think of charging you for this . Let 's have a look at it . I think a lens may be out of alignment because if you move it this way the image turns fuzzy . See ? But if you turn it the other way then ... Everything becomes clear . I could repair it right away and have it for you tonight . Tonight is the town festival . I wouldn 't dream of having you work on my telescope during such an occasion . You are planning on attending , aren 't you ? - Actually , ma 'am ... - Yes , of course . The festival . In that case , I 'll see you this evening at the festival . Mr. Eastwood . Ma 'am . Thank you for taking care of my telescope . You 're quite welcome . It 's a nice telescope . Ladies and gentlemen as mayor of Hill Valley it gives me great pleasure to dedicate this clock to the people of Hill County ! May it stand for all time ! Tell me when , gentlemen . Three ! Two ! One ! Now ! Let the festivities begin ! In a way , it 's fitting that you and I are here to witness this . It 's too bad I didn 't bring my camera . Ready , gentlemen ? The only problem is , we 'll never be able to show it to anybody . Smile , Doc . What great music ! Yeah , it 's got a beat , and you can dance to it . Step right up and test your mettle with the latest products from Col. Samuel Colt 's Patent Firearms Manufacturing Company of Hartford , Connecticut . Now , take this model , for example . The new , improved and refined Colt Peacemaker selling to you tonight for the low price of $ 12 . - Good evening . - ' Evening . You look very nice . Thank you . Would you like ... - Would you care to ... - I 'd love to . Young man , you want to give it a try ? No , thanks . Doc , this ... Son ! - Sonny boy ! - Doc can dance ? Son . I just told you that even a baby could handle this weapon . Surely you 're not afraid to try . I 'm not afraid of nothing . Come on , then . Just step up here like a man . Now , young man , what you do is just ease that hammer back and squeeze off a round . Right on out there and be real smooth . That 's the way you do it . - Can I try that again ? - Yeah , go ahead . Tell me one thing . Where did you learn to shoot like that ? 7 - Eleven . Buford , you sure that blacksmith will be at this shindig ? Sure he 's here . Everybody 's here tonight . You 'll have to check your firearms if you want to join in on the festivities . Who 's gonna make us , tenderfoot ? I am . Marshal Strickland . I didn 't know you was back in town . If you can 't read the sign , I presume you can read this . Pretty tough hombre when you 're pointing a gun at a man 's back . Just like you , I take every advantage I can get . You gonna check your iron ? I was just joking with your deputy . Of course , I 'm gonna check my iron . We all were , weren 't we , boys ? Yeah , right . Tannen . Your knife , too . Smile , Marshal . After all , this is a party . Only party I 'll be smiling at is the one that sees you at the end of a rope . Have fun ! That 's how you handle them . Never give them an inch and maintain discipline at all times . Remember that word : Discipline . I will , Pa . Thank you very much . Mr. Eastwood , nice to see you . I see you got yourself some respectable clothes and a fine hat . A couple people didn 't like the way the other one looked on me . That one suits you . - It 's very becoming . - Thanks . " Frisbee . " Far out . - What was the meaning of that ? - It was right in front of him . - That 's mine ! - Not anymore . - Give me that . - There he is , Buford . - Where ? - There . Dancing with that piece of calico . What are you gonna do , boss ? I figure if I bury this muzzle deep enough in his back nobody will hear the shot . Careful . You 've only got one bullet with that . I only need one . I told you to watch your back , smithy . You 're early . It 's a Derringer . Small but effective . The last time I used it , fella took two days to die . Bled to death inside . It was real painful . That means you 'll be dead by about supper time Monday . Excuse me . I don 't know who you think you are , but we 're dancing . Look what we have here . Ain 't you gonna introduce me ? I 'd like a dance . I wouldn 't give you the pleasure . You 'll have to go ahead and shoot . - All right . - I 'll dance with him . Boys , keep the blacksmith company while I get acquainted with the filly ! Yeah ! I don 't dance very well when my partner has a gun in his hand . You 'll learn . Maybe I 'll just take my $ 80 worth out of her ! Leave her alone ! Yeah , I bet there 's something you can do that 's worth $ 80 . I believe you 've underestimated me , mister . Have I ? Stop it ! Damn you ! No , I damn you ! I damn you to hell ! - You . - Lighten up , jerk ! Mighty strong words , runt ! You man enough to back them up with more than just a pie plate ? Just leave my friends alone . What 's wrong , dude ? You yellow ? That 's what I thought . A yellow-belly . Nobody calls me yellow . Then let 's finish it . Right now . Not now , Buford . Marshal 's got our guns . Like I said , we 'll finish this tomorrow ! Tomorrow we 're robbing the Pine City stage . What about Monday ? We doing anything Monday ? Monday would be fine . You can kill him on Monday . I 'll be back this way on Monday . We 'll settle this then . Right there , out in the street in front of the Palace Saloon . Yeah , right . When ? High noon ? Noon ? I do my killing before breakfast . 7 : 00 ! 8 : 00 . I do my killing after breakfast . Marty ! Break it up . What 's all this about ? You causing trouble here , Tannen ? No trouble , Marshal . Just a little personal matter between me and Eastwood . This don 't concern the law . Tonight , everything concerns the law . Break it up . Any brawling , it 's 15 days in the county jail . All right , folks . This is a party . Come on ! Let 's have some fun ! 8 : 00 Monday , runt . If you ain 't here , I 'll hunt you and shoot you down like a duck . It 's " dog . " Shoot him down like a dog . Let 's go , boys ! Let these sissies have their party ! What are you doing , saying you 'll meet Tannen ? Don 't worry about it . Monday morning we 'll be gone . Theoretically , yes . But what if the train 's late ? - We 'll discuss this later . - We 'll discuss it now . - Thank you for your gallantry . - Ma 'am . Had you not interceded , Emmett might have been shot . Marty ... Clint , I 'm gonna take Clara home . - Right . Good night . - You sure set him straight . I 'm glad somebody finally stood up to that son of a bitch . You 're all right in my book . I 'd like to buy you a drink . You don 't have to buy me anything . It was no big deal ... You can have this brand-new Colt Peacemaker and gun belt , free of charge . Free ? I want everybody to know the gun that shot Buford Tannen was a Colt Peacemaker ! No problem . Thanks a lot . Of course , if you lose , I 'm taking it back . Thanks again . You had him . You could have walked away and nobody would have thought less of you . All it would have been was words , hot air from a buffoon . Instead , you let him rile you into playing his game , his way , by his rules . Seamus , relax . I know what I 'm doing . - He reminds me of poor Martin . - Aye . - Who ? - Me brother . Wait a minute . You have a brother named Martin McFly ? Had a brother . Martin used to let men provoke him into fighting . He was concerned people would think him a coward if he refused . That 's how he got a knife shoved through his belly in a saloon in Virginia City . Never considered the future , poor Martin . God rest his soul . Sure , and I hope you 're considering the future , Mr. Eastwood . I think about it all the time . That crater all by itself , like a starburst . Yeah . That one 's called Copernicus . Listen to me . I feel like I 'm teaching school . Please , continue the lesson . I never found lunar geography so fascinating . You 're quite knowledgeable . When I was 11 , I had diphtheria . I was quarantined for three months . My father brought this telescope and put it next to my bed so I could see everything out the window . Do you think we 'll ever travel to the moon the way we travel across the country on trains ? Definitely . Although not for 84 years , and not on trains . We 'll have space capsules sent aloft with rockets devices that create giant explosions so powerful they just ... That they break the pull of gravity and send the projectile to outer space . Emmett ! I read that book , too ! You 're quoting Jules Verne , From the Earth to the Moon . You 've read Jules Verne ? - I adore Jules Verne . - So do I. 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea . My absolute favorite . The first time I read that as a little boy , I wanted to meet Captain Nemo . Don 't tease . You couldn 't have read that when you were a boy . It was only first published 10 years ago . Yes . I meant it made me feel like a boy . I never met a woman who liked Jules Verne before . I never ever met a man like you before . Doc ? Doc ? Hope you know what you 're doing . You talking to me ? You talking to me , Tannen ? I 'm the only one here . Go ahead ! Make my day . Good morning . 'Morning . Man : Have a cigar . Anything I can do for you today ? - No , that 's fine . - Good luck tomorrow . - We 'll be praying for you . - Thanks . Good morning . Interest you in a new suit for tomorrow ? I 'm fine . Thanks . What are you doing ? Nothing . I was just out enjoying the morning air . It 's really lovely here in the morning . Don 't you think ? Yes . We 've got to load the DeLorean and get ready to roll . Look at that , the tombstone . Let me see that photograph again . My name , it 's vanished . That 's great , Doc . We 're going back to the future tomorrow , so everything 's being erased . But only my name is erased . The tombstone itself and the date still remain . That doesn 't make sense . We know this photograph represents what will happen if the events of today continue to run their course into tomorrow . - Right . So ? - Excuse me , Mr. Eastwood . - I just need to take your measurements . - Look , pal , I don 't want to buy a suit . - This is for your coffin . - My coffin ? The odds are running 2-1 against you . Might as well be prepared . So it may not be my name that 's going to be on this tombstone . It may be yours . - Great Scott . - I know , this is heavy . Why are you wearing that gun ? You 're not considering going up against Tannen ? Tomorrow morning I 'm going back to the future with you . But if Buford Tannen comes looking for trouble , I 'll be ready for him . You heard what that son of a bitch called me . You can 't lose your judgment over names . That 's exactly what causes you to get in that accident in the future . What ? What about my future ? I can 't tell you . It might make things worse . Wait a minute . What is wrong with my future ? We all have to make decisions that affect the course of our lives . You 've got to do what you 've got to do and I 've got to do what I 've got to do . - Marty . - Yeah ? I 've made a decision . I 'm not going with you tomorrow . I 'm staying here . What are you talking about ? There 's no point in denying it . - I 'm in love with Clara . - Oh , man . We don 't belong here . Neither one of us . It could still be you that gets shot tomorrow . This tombstone could still be in your future . Marty , the future isn 't written . It can be changed . You know that . Anyone can make their future whatever they want it to be . I can 't let this one little photograph determine my entire destiny . I have to live my life according to what I believe is right in my heart . Doc , you 're a scientist . So you tell me . What 's the right thing to do , up here ? You 're right , Marty . - That worked great . - I 've at least got to tell her good-bye . Come on , Doc . Think about it . What will you say to her ? " I 've got to go back to the future " ? She won 't understand that . Hell , I 'm in it with you , and I don 't even understand it . Doc . Listen . Maybe we ... Maybe we can just take Clara with us . To the future ? As you reminded me , I 'm a scientist , so I must be scientific about this . I cautioned you about disrupting the continuum for your own benefit . Therefore , I must do no less . We shall proceed as planned , and as soon as we return to 1985 we 'll destroy this infernal machine . Traveling through time has become much too painful . It 's Emmett , Clara . Emmett , won 't you come in ? No , I better not . I ... What 's wrong ? I 've come to say good-bye . Good-bye ? Where are you going ? I 'm going away . I 'm afraid I 'll never see you again . Emmett . Clara , I want you to know that I care about you deeply . But I 've realized that I don 't belong here , and I have to go back where I came from . Where might that be ? I can 't tell you . Then wherever you 're going , take me with you . I can 't , Clara . I wish it didn 't have to be this way but believe me when I tell you that I 'll never forget you and that I love you . I don 't understand what you 're trying to say . Clara . I don 't think there 's any way that you can understand it . Please , I have to know . If you sincerely do love me , then tell me the truth . All right then . I 'm from the future . I came here in a time machine that I invented and tomorrow I have to go back to the year 1985 . Yes , Emmett . I do understand . I understand that because you know I 'm partial to the writings of Jules Verne you concocted those mendacities in order to take advantage of me . I 've heard some whoppers in my day but the fact that you 'd expect me to believe this is so insulting and degrading ! All you had to say is , " I don 't love you and I don 't want to see you anymore . " That , at least , would have been respectful ! But that 's not the truth . Good to see you , too . Emmett . What can I get you , the usual ? No , Chester , I 'll need something a lot stronger than that tonight . - Sarsaparilla . - Whiskey , Chester . Whiskey ? Are you sure ? You know what happened to you on the Fourth of July . Whiskey . Okay , I ain 't your papa . Just don 't want to see you do the wrong thing . You can leave the bottle . It 's a woman , right ? I knew it . I 've seen that look on a man 's face a thousand times all across the country . All I can tell you , friend , is you 'll get over her . Clara was one in a million . One in a billion . One in a googolplex . The woman of my dreams , and I 've lost her for all time . I can assure you , sir , there are other women . Peddling this barbed wire across the country has taught me one thing for certain it 's that you never know what the future might bring . The future . I can tell you about the future . Man , did I sleep . What time is it , Doc ? Doc ! Wake up ! Get up ! Let 's go ! I got me a runt to kill . It 's still early , boss . What 's your hurry ? I 'm hungry . And in the future , we don 't need horses . We have motorized carriages called automobiles . If everybody 's got one of these auto whatsits does anybody walk or run anymore ? Of course they run , but for recreation , for fun . Run for fun ? What the hell kind of fun is that ? Doc ! How much has he had ? None . That 's the first one , and he hasn 't touched it yet . He just likes to hold it . Doc ! What are you doing ? I 've lost her , Marty . There 's nothing left for me here . That 's why you gotta come back with me . - Where ? - Back to the future ! - Right ! Let 's get going ! - Great . Gentlemen , excuse me . My friend and I have to catch a train . Here 's to you , blacksmith . - And to the future . - Amen . - Amen . - Emmett , no ! Doc ! Come on , Doc . Wake up ! Wake up , Doc ! - How many did he have ? - Just the one . - Just the one ? Come on , Doc . - There 's a fellow that can 't hold his liquor . - Get me some black coffee ! - Joey , coffee ! Ma 'am ? - How far does the 8 : 00 train go ? - San Francisco is the end of the line . I 'll take a one-way ticket . To sober him up in a hurry , you need something a lot stronger than coffee . What do you suggest ? Joey , let 's make some wake-up juice . Come on , Doc , swallow . In about 10 minutes he 's gonna be as sober as a priest on Sunday . Ten minutes ! Why do we cut these things so damn close ? Here , stick this clothespin on his nose . When he opens up his mouth , go ahead and pour it on down his gullet . Stand back . - He 's still out ! - That was just a reflex action . It 'll take a few more minutes for the stuff to clear up his head . Perfect . Come on , Doc . Wake up , buddy . Wake up , Doc ! Seamus ? Wouldn 't expect to see you here this morning . Aye . Something inside me told me I should be here as if my future had something to do with it . He 'll come around in a minute . Come on . Come on , Doc . Let 's go ! Let 's wake up now , buddy . Are you in there , Eastwood ? It 's 8 : 00 and I 'm calling you out . It 's not 8 : 00 yet ! It is by my watch ! Let 's settle this once and for all , runt ! Or ain 't you got the gumption ? Listen . I 'm not really feeling up to this today . - So I 'll have to forfeit . - Forfeit ? What 's that mean ? - It means that you win without a fight . - Without shooting ? He can 't do that . You can 't do that ! You know what I think ? I think you ain 't nothing but a gutless , yellow turd ! I 'm giving you to the count of 10 to come out here and prove I 'm wrong ! One ! Doc , come on , sober up , buddy . Two ! You better get out there , son . I got $ 20 gold bet on you , so don 't let me down . Three ! I got $ 30 gold bet against you , so don 't let me down . Four ! You better face up to it , son , because if you don 't go out there ... What ? Five ! - What if I don 't go out there ? - You 're a coward . Six ! And you 'll be branded a coward for the rest of your days ! Everybody everywhere will say Clint Eastwood is the biggest yellow-belly in the West ! Seven ! Here ! Eight ! I already got a gun . Nine ! Ten ! Do you hear me , runt ? I said that 's 10 , you gutless , yellow pie-slinger ! He 's an asshole ! I don 't care what Tannen says ! I don 't care what anybody else says either . Doc , you okay ? I think so . What a headache ! - You got a back door to this place ? - It 's in the back . Let 's go . Are you coming out here or do I have to come in after you ? The thing I really miss here is Tylenol . Hey ! Reach , blacksmith ! Yes , sir , that poor fellow last night had the worst case of broken heart I have ever seen . When he said he didn 't know how he could live the rest of his life knowing how much hurt he 'd caused that little girl I really felt for him , I did , right here . Listen up , Eastwood ! I aim to shoot somebody today , and I prefer it 'd be you . But if you 're just too damn yellow it 'll just have to be your blacksmith friend . Forget about me , Marty , and save yourself ! You got one minute to decide . You hear me , runt ? One minute ! I 've never seen a man so broken up over a woman . What did he say her name was ? Cara ? Sara ? - Clara . - Clara . - Excuse me . - Ma 'am ? Was this man tall , with great big brown puppy-dog eyes and long silvery , flowing hair ? You know him . Emmett ! Time 's up , runt ! Prepare to meet your maker , blacksmith . Right here , Tannen ! Draw ! No ! I thought we could settle this like men . You thought wrong , dude . Thank you . That was good . You know what I think ? - I think Buford 's going to jail . - Yeah . Get him out of that shit . Get them ! Buford Tannen , you 're under arrest for robbing the Pine City stage . You got anything to say ? I hate manure . Look ! Yes ! - The train ! - Can we make it ? We 'll have to cut them off at Coyote Pass . Hey , mister . Mr. Eastwood . - Here 's your gun , mister . - Thanks , kid . Seamus . It 's worth $ 12 . Never been used . Maybe I 'll trade it for a new hat . Right ! Take care of that baby ! I will ! Emmett ! Emmett ! Emmett ! " Time machine . " Come on ! Go ! Give me your hand ! Come on ! Come on , Marty . Come on . Let 's go ! Masks on . Reach ! Is this a holdup ? It 's a science experiment . Stop the train just before you hit the switch track up ahead . Doc ! Uncouple the cars from the tender ! I 've wanted to do that all my life . What are these things ? My version of Presto Logs . Compressed wood with anthracite dust chemically treated to burn hotter and longer . I use them so I don 't have to stoke my forge . These three will ignite sequentially make the fire hotter , kick up the boiler pressure and make the train go faster . Ready to roll ! Emmett ! Marty , are the time circuits on ? Check ! Input the destination time : October 27 , 1985 , 11 : 00 a. m . Check . We 're cruising at a steady 25 miles an hour . I 'm throwing in the Presto Logs . The new dashboard gauge will tell us the boiler temperature . It 's color-coded to indicate when each log will fire . Green , yellow and red . Each detonation will be accompanied by a sudden burst of acceleration . Hopefully we 'll hit 88 miles per hour before the needle gets much past 2,000 . Why ? What happens after it hits 2,000 ? The whole boiler explodes ! Perfect ! We just hit 35 ! Okay , Marty . I 'm coming aboard ! Emmett ! Come on . You better hold onto something ! The yellow log is about to blow ! Golly . We just passed 40 ! Emmett ! We just passed 45 ! Go for it ! Fifty . Emmett ! Clara ! I love you ! What 's happening ? It 's Clara ! She 's on the train ! Clara ? Perfect . She 's in the cab ! I 'm going back for her ! The windmill ! Doc ! We 're going past 50 ! You 'll never make it ! Then we 'll have to take her back with us ! Keep calling out the speed ! Clara , climb out here to me ! - I don 't know if I can ! - You can do it ! Just don 't look down ! That 's it ! Sixty miles an hour ! You 're doing fine ! Nice and steady ! Come on ! - Just a little further ! - I can 't ! I 'm scared ! Seventy ! Keep coming , Clara ! Come on ! You 're doing fine ! Come on ! Nice and easy ! Don 't look down ! That 's it ! You 're doing fine ! The red log is about to blow ! Clara ! Emmett ! I 'm trying to reach you ! Clara , hold on ! I can 't ! I 'll slip you the Hoverboard ! Marty , watch out ! Emmett , help ! Hold on ! Ready , Doc ? Catch it ! Yes ! Emmett ! Clara ! Well , Doc it 's destroyed . Just like you wanted . - Hey , butthead , get away ... - Watch it , Biff ! I didn 't mean to scare you . I didn 't recognize you . - What the hell are you doing ? - Just putting on the second coat . You going cowboy ? Come on , guys . We 'll be late for brunch . Dad , they won 't hold your reservations all day . I can 't find my glasses . Have you seen them ? They 're in your suede jacket . Marty ? What 's wrong ? We thought you went to the lake . - You wore that to the lake ? - Thank God you guys are back to normal . Who are you supposed to be ? Clint Eastwood ? Right . I have to go get Jennifer . - I really like that hat . - Thanks , Biff . Jennifer . Jen . Jennifer . Marty . Marty ! I had the worst nightmare . That dream I had is so real . It was about the future . About us . And you got fired . Wait a minute . What do you mean , I got fired ? Hilldale . Hilldale ! This is where we live . I mean , this is where we 're going to live . Someday . It was a dream , wasn 't it ? The big M. - How 's it hanging , McFly ? - Hey , Needles . Nice set of wheels . Let 's see what she can do . Next green light . No , thanks . What 's the matter ? Chicken ? - Marty , don 't . - Grab hold of something . Come on ! Get on ! Yeah , go ! Did you do that on purpose ? Yeah . You think I 'm stupid enough to race that asshole ? Jeez ! I would have hit that Rolls-Royce . It erased . You 're right . There 's not much left . Doc 's never coming back . I 'll sure miss him , Jen . What the hell ? - Doc ! - Marty ! - Doc ! - Marty ! It runs on steam ! Meet the family . Clara , you know . - Hi , Marty ! - Ma 'am ! These are our boys : Jules and Verne . Boys , this is Marty and Jennifer . - Doc , I thought I 'd never see you again . - You can 't keep a good scientist down . I had to come back for Einstein and I didn 't want you to be worried about me . I brought you a little souvenir . It 's great , Doc . Thanks . Dr. Brown , I brought this note back from the future and now it 's erased . Of course it 's erased . What does that mean ? It means your future hasn 't been written yet . No one 's has . Your future is whatever you make it . So make it a good one , both of you . We will , Doc ! Stand back ! All right , boys , buckle up ! Where are you going now ? Back to the future ? No . Already been there . Subtitles by SOFTITLER
