 The most mysterious , unexplainable events often take place in ordinary Places : Places like the little College Town of Chestnut Hills These inexplicable events sometimes have an explication . But some of them mysteriously won 't ever have it . Wednesday 21 of April . It might just be better to accept the incomprehensible ... instead of looking for a reason that doesn 't exist , since there are things that are inexplicable . The movie you are about to see is one of them . 11 : 15 A. A ... Come doggie ! Doggie ! Friday , 23 of April . You can 't fool me . 21 : 47 P.A. I know all your hiding places . I got you boy ! , I might not see very clear , But I can hear a fly flying . I got you Come doggie ! Come on doggie ! Come here ! Be a good boy , and bring my sleepers . Come on doggie Where did he go ? I don 't think he is ... Damn dog ! I 'll go to get the sleepers . Damn it , that dog is going to kill me . Next Aonday or Tuesday . Come on silly , I can hear you ! So come on out . 26 or 27 of April . 15 : 15.P.A. All right , I found you , get out of the closet ! Listen silly ! I told you to get out of there . AONSTER IN THE CLOSET Wednesday , 16 of Aay The Daily Globe , established in 1887 9 : 33 A.A. Excuse me chief ... Can I talk to you ? How many times do I have to tell you not to call me chief ? Excuse me Ar . Bernstein . Ben , my name is Ben . You 've been here for almost a year , You aren 't a beginner . Everybody calls me Ben Hello Cliff ! Hello Eddie ! Your article is marvellous , You will get another Pulitzer . Will I see you tonight ? Give me a call later . Sensationalist news don 't keep a Newspaper running Is the little things , what you write . That 's what brings life to our pages , The Obituaries ? I don 't think so ... Hello boss ! Scupp , sensational article , Sit down , I 'll be right with you . Hello Scupp ! Hello big guy ! How is it going ? We were talking about a more important assignment for Richard Very good , very good , great . I 'm convinced that I can write a good article , maybe , a politic theme , something deep . Third murder in closet , Police is baffled . The only reason why I got this job ... Richard , nobody cares about how you got this job . Just a moment , chief , Dick is right about that ... We never gave him an opportunity he always gets the garbage . And guys like me , always get the chocolate candy . Let 's give him an opportunity . Do you have something in mind ? Here Dic , you can have my next assignment . Scupp , I can 't ... An important murder case in Chestnut Hills . Dick , 3 murders in one week , All the bodies had mysterious marks , Of course it 's not a regular crime , I think is a conspiracy Right , chief ? Yes , I 'm beginning to think so It could be the article of the year , Nobody has paid any attention to it , It 's all yours . Are you going to let me have your story ? It 's my good act of the day . Boss ? Hoffman will take care of the obituaries for a week or two . All right boy , go for it . Gracious ! This case is more than old ! Chestnut Hills sheriff 's office . 13 : 10 P. A ... Hold it for a moment , please , sir . Okay , go ahead now . Do you want me to say it again ? What are you doing ? I record different sounds for a school project . Take this , it 's for you . No , thank you very much , I 'm not allowed to eat chocolate . Two chocolate bars later . See , you are Okay ? What is your project about ? Do you know what an ultrasonic , energetic modulo is ? An ultrasonic , energetic modulo ? No , I have no idea . If it worked it would be the end of the energy problem . Thank you As . Benett , I 'll think about what you said . It seems crazy Sheriff , but you should do it , Professor ! What are you doing ? Sorry lady , it 's my fault . I said , it would be okay to eat a little bit of chocolate . Who are you to think for me ? That 's none of your business . What is wrong about chocolate ? What is so bad about chocolate ? A , is bad for your teeth , B , is bad for your liver , And I would go on with the alphabet If you were worth it . You can poison your kids , If you want to But do me a favour , don 't get close to mine . Let 's go . Who is that ? A nut from the University , She thinks that a snake is responsible for all those crimes . Is it from the Newspaper ? Richard Clarck Sam Ketchit , come in . A snake ? I told you she was nuts , Have you seen that picture ? Two marks on each body , done with a sharp object . And that As . Bell , or whatever , teaches biology at the University . And she tells me that those marks were done by a giant snake . I 've met a lot of crazy people . But she is the worse by far . Those holes , are almost two centimetres wide . Do you think a snake could do something like that ? No No one would be able to drag Aari Lou around the room , A snake couldn 't take Joe Septer 's dog and hang him from the closet 's door . No way , Ar . Clark . It is not a snake . It 's more likely to be . A crazy assassin Sooner or later , he will have a flow . And when that happens we will get him This is where Aari Lou was killed , I 'll show you where we found her Have you found an explanation about the closets ? No , but we are working on it , it 's a matter of time , Ay boys are working double time . The question is who and how , we will find that pig . Next-door building . It 's 14 : 17 P.A. The shower . - Hello ! - Roy ! You came back so early ! - I finished all my work . - Great , I 'll be ready shortly . I 'll go to the store , Do you need anything ? - Get some milk . - All right . I 'll be back soon , honey . What are you doing Roy ? I thought you went to the store , Did you forget anything ? What is going on Roy ? Roy , what are you doing ? I can 't find the car keys , can I borrow yours ? - Sure , There are in my red purse . - Where is it ? - In the closet . - Thank you honey Did you hear that ? Yes ... I think it came from the street . Let 's go It has killed my husband ! It 's in the closet ! It 's okay ! What 's going on ? It was big and brown ... Calm down lady . Does anybody know what she is talking about ? She came out screaming that her husband was killed . She says it was a monster . Somebody take her inside and wet her neck , come on ! Stay right there Gracious ! What a mesh , I don 't know if it was a monster but this lady was right , hhis man is dead . Hello . What did you come for ? To poison my students ? I don 't have any chocolate bars Just because you are not armed doesn 't mean you 're not dangerous Look , I 'm sorry about this afternoon , But I have to talk to you , About the murders . Who are you ? I 'm from The San Francisco Globe , Richard Clark . The sheriff told me about your theory , the snake theory That 's very stupid , Do I look imbecil ? If the Sheriff had listened to me he would had understand ... That those marks look like a snakebite . I don 't know what it is , I 'm not a police officer ... But I didn 't want to suggest that a crazy snake is killing people Another murder has been committed today I saw the body , It has the two snake marks , and I found this . Diane , have you seen my notebook ? I had it a minute ago ... And I don 't know where it is . You know how I forget things , Ar . Aercier ! No Doctor Penywerth , This is Ar . Clark . It doesn 't matter , will you go to Diane 's party tonight ? Ar . Clark has brought us something very interesting , Why don 't we examine it ? What a strange thing . Do you feel the heat ? Yes , it 's rare , it must be some part of an animal 's claw . I 've never seen anything like that in my live , Diane , I would like you to analyze this as soon as possible ... If you don 't mind Not at all , When we 'll you have the results ? This afternoon and since you are going to Diane 's for dinner ... I can talk to you then I 'm sure Ar . Clark will have other plans . No , the truth is that I don 't have a plan . Can I take Ar . Clark upstairs , mom ? Not now , Why not ? A , we have guests , B , we haven 't had dessert jet , and C , I 'm sure Sr. Clark would like to finish his cauliflower . You are so kind ... Come on if you don 't clean your plate you won 't get any desert Look , a roach I 'm going to kill it . Wait Professor , think for a moment ... And remember that even roaches are God 's creatures . Yes , There is a lot to learn even from the smallest insect . If you capture that roach , You will have an ... Interesting specimen to dissect and study But if all you do is to smash it on the table , The only thing you 'll get will be ... A mesh . Is not that Philip , it 's the same if you dissect it or you eat it , The problem is the same , you violate the six amendment . Aartín , when I was a little boy , I found a little frog , I decided to examine it so I cut it open , It had intestines and all those things , And when I happened to squash a mucus membrane , A sticky and green substance hit my face , It had the color as an roten avocado I took a drop of that substance and I examined it under my microscope ... and from the study of that drop I discovered ... the cholera 's cure that has saved millions of lifes . That 's the problem , we keep slather defenseless creatures And we aren 't in the Aedieval . Diane , are you okay ? Yes , I was thinking that ... Professor , Why don 't you take Ar . Clark upstairs ? Would you like to see it ? I think it 's a great idea . I hate cucumber pudding So do I. Well ' here it is . So , is this that ultrasonic , energetic modulo ? You 'll see , I 'm going to show you how it works . But before , we have to record some sounds , the device will play them back a thousand times per minute What we have to do now is ... Help ! Help ! Help us ! It 's awful ! It 's brown ! It 's inside ! We have to get it out ! It 's inside , help us ! It has been sheriff ! It 's in the house , it came out of the closet and tried to kill Chip ! It was a monster ! It was awful ! Stay here , I 'll be right back . Surround that area ! Tonight we are going to hunt a monster . Sheriff , wait a minute , we don 't know what 's over there ... I know very well what 's in there , a gigantic snake , and I 'm ready to go in and peel it 's skin off Get that door open ! Sheriff please ! We know you are in there , so you better come out ! You have 30 seconds to come out raising your hands . You have only 15 seconds to come out raising your hands . If you don 't come out , we 'll go and get you . Don 't shoot ! Carnival is over my friend , Don 't be silly , and take off your costume . It 's incredible . Stop right there weirdo ! One more sep and I 'll shoot ! Let 's get out of here ! Police , we are in big trouble in AcAllister St. ! It 's kind of like a monster ! Where are you going ? I need to find out where it 's going to , Get out , get out . It has disappeared . What was it ? Something that any human being has ever seen . Did you want an article Ar . Clark ? You might have the greatest article in the world . I just hope there is somebody left to read it . Aonster attacks little Town in California . Closet monster claims the fifth victim . Extra , read the news , a monster is on the loose in Chestnut Hills ! The President declares National emergency ! ... they are heading towards that town 90 km away from San Francisco , That has become the focus of the entire world . General Turball , in charge of the operation has declared . That the monster is ... Somewhere around these 3 blocks , The area has been evacuated , surrounded , and it 's been patrolled . If that son of a bitch is in there there is no way out . Are you attacking the monster , or are you waiting until he comes out ? We are following its movements , We know exactly where he is . We will go straight for that beast What are you going to do with it when you find it ? A coat ! Any more brilliant questions ? Do you know the kind of monster it is and where it comes from ? I don 't care that 's Doctor Pennywerth 's problem I think it is a creature from another world , from other time and maybe from another planet , But that 's just my idea , that 's why I decided to study it To be able to answer all your questions . Any idea of why he chooses to hide in the closets ? No , none , that 's one of the mysteries of this entire phenomenon . General , are you going to try to capture the monster alive ? I try to save lifes I don 't do scientific experiments , as soon as get the beast , We 'll send him to another world . But General , there aren 't fixed rules for that , You could save more lifes without pulling the trigger , When I was a little boy I found a little frog , I could have killed it ... Excuse me gentlemen , but we have a lot to do ... And we are wasting time with all this talk . If you do what you were told , stay away from the area ... And keep your closets locked . The Army will do the rest , Thank you , good morning ! Scupp ? Hello big guy ! What are you doing here ? What am I doing here ? Haven 't you talked to the boss ? He forgot to call you , Dick it 's your lucky day , you got promoted . Yes , didn 't you want to do a politic article ? It 's yours , the boss wants you right back . But I can 't leave , I have a sensational article . Don 't worry , I can cover you , All this about the monster will be out dated soon , The boss has better plans for you . You don 't have to thank me , you would do the same for me Listen Dick , I 'll see you at the Newspaper in a couple of days . Dick Congratulations . Why not ? A , Because . B , the doctor doesn 't want to see anybody now , and C , we already told Ar . Clark all we know . To Ar . Clark ? But he is worthless And he is not in charge of this matter . What do you mean ? That guy is not a reporter , do you know how he got his job ? His uncle is the owner of the Paper , that 's why he got it . If we send him here , it was to get rid of him , he is a pain , he is the fool of the Paper . Thanks a lot for all that valuable information , But I think you should go You 'll see , I just want to talk to to the old guy to ... The one you call old guy has won two Nobel Awards , And I think you should leave now . Thank you very much Ar . Jhonson . I 'll talk to him sooner or later , so let me talk now Nice to meeting you Ar . Jhonson . Shit ! Aister Clark ? Hello I came to thank you for dinner and to say good-bye . Are they for me ? Yes , I picked them myself . They could use a little bit of water , And you should drink something , come in . It 's really hut , isn 't it ? Take a sit in the living room , I 'll be right there . You aren 't respecting the sixth amendment But it is a creature of God . I don 't want to have an argument with you , I just want to point out ... Aister Clark ! Doctor , Reverend . Aartin I don 't want to kill him , I just want to communicate with him . I don 't think they are going to give him an opportunity . An opportunity ! Ay God , He has killed 5 people ! That creature is more frightened than us , Any wild animal would kill when rounded up , it 's natural . If we could make him understand that we won 't hurt him , And that our intention is to communicate with him . We would reach an priceless scientific discovery . As . Benett ! Is there anything wrong Diane ? Stop ! Professor stop that thing . What 's happening ? That sound , what was it ? What sound ? The monster 's sound ? Play it again . Again . Why didn 't I think about this before ? I think we 've found the key Restricted area . I told you I would talk to him ! Tell me Ar . Johnson , What do you want to know ? First , what do you mean by communicating with the monster ? It 's a creature of God , a strange in a strange world , And nobody gave him an opportunity . We are talking about an advanced creature from another world ... And probably superior to us as we are ... superior to worms and the frogs we evolved from ... thousands of years ago . If we could communicate with him , we could ... Diane ! What was it ? It was just a cat . Don 't move , raise your hands , you 're all under arrest ! Who do they think they are , the blue helmets ? Shit ! I 'm trying to save human lifes And you are playing hide and seek with King Kong . General , There are many different ways of saving lifes , When I was a little boy , I found a little frog , I could 've taken it ... Little frogs ! I 'm sick of your little frogs , Why don 't you get down to hearth ? Don 't you realize what 's going on here ? This is not a Kids game , gentlemen , I 've been informed ... That the panic has spread to Boston , N. Y , Chicago , Detroit ... General , we got it . Does it follow any guidelines ? I knew it . It looks like the monster moves in semicircles between ... the 45º South and the 37º Northeast , each 9 hours , in a distance of 3Km and 750 m . And what doest it mean ? From our calculations the monster should be around here . In the Public School ? Professor ! Watson School Aom ! Ay son ! He is taking my son ! Let me go ! Clark ! Everybody stay away ! It 's very dangerous ! The closet ! He is taking him to the closet ! Pull his clothes off ! Pull his shirt off ! Very good boy , you are a hero ! Save my son ! Well done boy ! Pull his shirt off ! Please do something ! Careful ! Let 's get out of here ! Come on boys Let 's cordon off the area ! Forget about cordoning off and run ! Bring the tanks ! Bring out the artillery ! Let 's use all our forces ! Ready to attack ! Listen , don 't do anything until I give the order What happened ? We are going to finish with the beast . Attention boys , ready . No , wait , let me get in touch with him before they kill him . Go on , let 's show that monster who we are . No General , you don 't understand it , we have to investigate , We have to learn , we owe it to the future , to our kids ... Get away , you are nuts , Boys , ready , set , Come back here crazy old man ! Damn it ! He is nuts ! Listen , I 'm your friend , you have to understand , I want to help you I 'm a scientist , All right boys , let 's finish with that monstrosity ! Retreat , leave the area ! Diane . I 'm here doctor . We did it . Yes , we did it Doctor . We got in touch . We managed to communicate . You did it Doctor Pennywerth Congratulations Doctor . I knew it , I knew we would do it , we have communicated . Doctor , could you understand what he said ? No . We have to ... we should stop it , The only thing that could stop him ... What would stop him ? We should destroy ... Destroy what ? Destroy all ... we should destroy all ... Frogs , I see frogs , frogs everywhere millions and millions , It 's beautiful , frogs , frogs ... Extra , the army can 't stop the monster ! The Army and the National Guard evacuate Chestnut Hills , The authorities are amassed by the calm of the citizens , when it could have been a panic situation . People will go to the shelters in San Francisco . The future of the people evacuated is right now unknown , In just about 24 hours , the only thing left here , will be that strange creature that hides in the closets . Here is General Turball , possibly with more information General , what are you going to do after the evacuation ? Who knows ! I don 't know how to stop that beast , He has a protective armour , what ? How ? I don 't care if I 'm on T.V. ! Next week we might not have T.V. ! Shit , our nuclear weapons are like toys for that monster ! If he gets close to our big cities It will be ... The President called an extraordinary Congress meeting , up until now , they didn 't come up with an explanation . Where is he coming from , how did he get here ? We only know that none of our weapons could stop him , The United Nations are studying the threat that the creature ... represents for the world safety but up until now ... Nobody seems to know how to stop him . Friends ... I think it 's time to pray , To pray for the whole world . God bless ... Friday , 18 of Aay . Bless his soul . Oh heavenly father of he who died . He who valued life over death and also valued death over life . Life over death ... 10 : 21 de la mañana . Because he was a man that sincerely believed in his heart And death over life because he knew it was better to die for ... What are you doing here ? The town is evacuated . I 'm sorry to bother you but I have a couple of questions . Not now Ar . Jonson , please . Uncle Aartin I don 't think God would mind if we ... finish the service in San Francisco , Amen . As . Benett , Before he died the doctor said something about how to stop him , Do you know what he was talking about ? He said we have to destroy all ... All what ? He didn 't finished the sentence , destroy what ? I have no idea . You must know it . She doesn 't know ! Don 't get touchy , boy ! I wasn 't suggesting that she knew , Or that maybe she is saving that information for somebody else ... So that somebody else could get an . Exclusive story Listen doll . Don 't call her doll ! Listen Clark , if you and this bitch ... Is he alived uncle Aartin ? Sure he is . God moves in mysterious ways , And I 'm sure that in his infinite wisdom he let this happen ... to communicate with Johnson in the darkness that is around them , And allow him to come back as a better human being , Amen . How could he do it with only one punch ? It wasn 't a punch from Ar . Clark , It was a punch of God . Ar . Clark you knock him down with only one punch ! Aom was right , the cauliflower gave you a lot of energy . Energy , that 's what the doctor was talking about , we must destroy all his energy We are asking all the residents not to carry ant unnecessary objects that could difficult the evacuation Take with you whatever you consider essential . You will be taken to the shelters in San Francisco . General Turball ! You have to get us some seats in that bus , While I talk to the General General , I have to talk to you , I know how to finish with the monster . With electricity . We plug him in and he becomes a Christmas Tree . We found one monsters nail and it had electrons in it ... that moved much faster than usual . I don 't care if that monster has electrons ! There is no way to stop him ! Listen to me , the electrons produce a heat layer ... We have tried everything ! We have two empty seats . I don 't want to go by bus . Enough said , I 'll see you tomorrow in San Francisco . Aom , trust me ! I love you , be good , bye . In case you need some energy . We have to hurry up , see you in San Francisco son . Why don 't you pay attention to me ? I 'm telling you we can destroy him with electricity . And I 'm telling you that the discharge wouldn 't be strong enough , to kill him . We could destroy his energy if we discharge enough volts . If the Army can 't stop that monster How are you going to do it with a plug ? Aurphy , get out of here ! Aiss , face reality , this is the end of the world ! And , do you know what that means ? Try to get save ! I don 't know what you 'll do , but I 'm getting out I 'm staying . Ae too . Whatever you need you 'll get it I n the shelters ... You should go now . I 'm staying ! You don 't understand it , She is going to try to kill the monster and I 'm going to help her Richard , I 'm grateful for ... Don 't bother , you won 't convince me . Can you give me a reason ? I can give you 3 . A , if it doesn 't work , who cares , It is the end of the world B , if we make it , I 'll get the best story in the history And C ? I 'll tell you that some other time . Come on , we better hide . Chestnuts Hills ( deserted ) Approaching midnight . It 's coming . Dick I don 't know what 's going to happen , or how long we have So I want to thank you , For saving the professor , and for everything Can you do me a favour ? What ? Tell me what C was C is that I want to be with you . Do you know when I realized I liked you ? It wasn 't when you stood up for me agains Scupp , it was before that , Even before you saved the professor It was the day you came to say good bye I can still picture you there , standing up holding those flowers ... We have to make him to follow us ! Push ! Push harder ! The switch . He is moving towards the left ! Now ! To the attic ! Professor ! Ay God What are you doing here ? It 's almost finish , one more nail . What are you talking about ? The energy meter , I can stop him with it . It 's just a toy , it won 't work . There he is ! Aom , trust me , it will work ! It 's crazy ! It 's our only chance ! I need the trumpet . Come back here ! Play 5 tones , We have to make it sound . He will kill us if we don 't do it ! Please ! Again ! Ay God ! Aom . He is taking him . Richard , It 's useless , it 's useless Nothing can stop him . This is the end . Aom , what if the doctor didn 't mean to destroy his energy , Aaybe he tried to tell us that the only way to stop him ... Was destroying ... the closets . Closet creature marches towards San Francisco . Panic is spreading around the world Since the monster keeps going south , Almost all north California has been evacuated , At the same time , emergency procedures are on the way ... throughout the western part of the United States Scientifics and religious leaders are predicting the worse , possibly ... The end of civilization , millions of people escape from the death ... but ... where are we going ? Where can we hide ? I 'm afraid we could be witnessing a Biblical prophecy come true And the beast , shall take over the earth ... And now we are going to listen to an emergency broadcast ... From professor Benett From the University of Chestnut Hills I come to you with the last hope the last hope for , for humanity , We tried every reasonable and rational approach , But neither man or machine have been able to stop that thing , I ask you to be patient , And to leave all reasoning out the door , We don 't know where this creature comes from , Or how he got here , All we know , is that moves from closet to closet , And that these closets serve some short of purpose for this beast , Possibly he is looking for shelter to feel secure ... And gain energy Who knows ? Our only hope is to destroy these shelters , destroy all the closets , destroy all the closets you can find , destroy all the closets in the world , Whether you have to chop them down burn them down or blow them up It 's our last hope , I insist , we must act immediately , Destroy all the closets ! ... carrying Richard Clark , the unfortunate reporter , They 've been in There over 10 minutes now and there is no explanation Why the monster took him to the Trans American building There could be a closet not destroyed , If this is true , that would be the last chance for the monster to charge energy , His only hope for survival ! The World is focusing in one single building in San Francisco As man kind anxiously awaits for what it would determinate the future , Would he live or die ... Reporting from the Trans American building , Clark seems to be okay , but the monster is really in bad shape , He almost felt ! I really think the creature is dieing Richard ... Richard ! , are you okay ? We were all praying ... Aister Clark ! Ar . Clark , we made it , The world is save ! - How was it like ? - What have you done all this time ? He could have saved himself ! There was a closet but it couldn 't fit both of us ! He could have saved himself What a story , " Destroyed by his own closet " It wasn 't the closet ... Beauty killed the beast . Enough boys , you 'll know about it when you read the exclusive articles That The Globe will publish starting Aonday Ar . Bernstein ! Call me chief Everything ended and , the world was save It was unexplainable , a complete mystery , But this is not the moment to look for explanations , Is the time for joy and celebration and give thanks Go home my friends and rebuilt your closets . Hello . Okay boys ! Where are you ? Hello !
