 How about a ride Mister ? Jennifer ... oh man , aren 't you a sight for sore eyes . Let me look at you Marty you 're acting like you haven 't seen me in a week . I haven 't . Are you okay ? It everything okay ? Oh yeah , Everything is great ! Marty ! You got to come back with me . Where ? Back to the future ! Wait a minute , what are you doing Doc ? I need fuse . Quick , get in the car . No , no , no , Doc I just got here . Jennifer is here , We going to take the new truck for a spin . Well , bring her along . This concern her too . Wait a minute . What are you talking about what happened ? What happened in the future ? Have I become an asshole or something ? No , no , no , Both you and Jennifer turn out fine It your kids Marty ! Something 's gotta be done about your kids . Hey ! Doc we better back up . We haven 't got enough road to go up 88 . Roads ? Where we going we don 't need ... Roads ! Hey Marty ! Marty ! I want to show you ... What the hell is going on here ? What the hell is that ? Taxi cab ! What do you mean the taxi cab ? I thought we are flying ! Precisely ! Okay Doc , what going on huh ? Where are we ? When are we ? We 're setting towards Hill-Valley California . At 4 : 29 pm on Wednesday October 21st 2015 Two thousands fifteen . You mean we 're in the future . Marty , what do you mean ? How can we be in the future ? Er ... Jennifer I don 't know how to tell you this . But you 're in a time machine ! And this is the years 2015 ? October 21st 2015 God ! You were kidding ? Why we can actually see our future You said we are married right ? Yeah . Was it a big wedding ? Marty we can see our wedding . I 'll be able to see my wedding dress . With a big house and lots of kid . How many kids ... - Doc , what the hell are you doing ? Relax Marty , It 's just a sleep producing alpha rhythc generator , She is asking too many questions . Nobody suppose to know too much about their future . When she wakes up , she 'll think is all a dream What did you bring her for ? I had to do something . She 's in a time machine I couldn 't leave her without information Don 't worry , she 's not essential to my plan . First you got to change clothes . Right now ? It 's pouring with rain ! Right time more set . Right on the tick . Amazing Absolutely amazing . Today the post office isn 't efficiency as the weather service . I 'm afraid you wouldn 't recognise me . With all the rejuvenation clinic . And took out winkles from the hair to head . Change of blood Change 30 to 40 years of my life . What do you think ? - You look great Doc ! The future ... unbelieveable . I got to check this out Doc . With all the time Marty . We 're on a tight schedule here ? Tell me about my future Doc ? I mean ... Will I become a rich rock star ? Please Marty , No one should know about too much about their own yesterdays . Right , Right . I am rich right ? Marty please , take off you shirt . And the jacket and the shoes . Precisely on schedule . Without laces , all right ! This thing doesn 't fit I 'm adjusting fit . Flung out your pant pockets All kids in the future wear their pants inside out . Wear this cap . Perfect . You 're the spliting image of your future son . What ? - Help me move Jennifer over here . So what the deal ? - Grab her feet . Okay now what ? In exactly 2 minutes . You are going round the corner in to the cafe Eighties . Cafe Eighties ? Is one of those astounding place not done very well . No in ordering a Pepsi . Here a fifty . And wait for a guy name Griff . - Aright Griff . Right , Griff going to ask you about tonight ? Are you in or out , tell him you are out . Whatever he said , what ever happened , Say no , you aren 't interested . And leave and come back here to wait for me . Don 't talk to anyone . Don 't touch anything . Don 't do anything , Don 't interact with anyone . And tries not to look at anything . I don 't get it . I thought you said this is something to do with my kids . Look whan happened to your son ! My son ! God ! It just looked like me . Within two hours of his arrest Martin McFly junior was tried convicted a sentence 15 years To the state penitentiary Within two hours ? Just as the system worked so swiftly in the future now days . Abolished all lawyers . - This is heavy . It 'll get worse . Next week all the attempts to break him out of jail She gets penalty for 20 years . My daughter ? Wait a minute I have a daughter ? You see this one event chain reaction completely destroyed your entire family Doc , this is tomorrow newspaper . Precisely , I already when further headed into time . To see what else happened . I back track everything to this one event . That 's why we are here today . To prevent this incident from ever happening Damned I 'm late . Wait a minute , where are you going now ? When to accept the real Marty Junior . You 're taking his place round the corner Cafe Eighties Carly Griff Just say no . Hey ! What about Jennifer We can 't just leave her here . Don 't worry she 'll be safe it 'll be just a few minutes Marty be careful on that Carly Griff . He got a few short circuits . The future . Welcome to Texaco . If you lost your car the system , we will serve . Check the oil , check the gear . Sharks still looks fake . Hi there , Goldie Wilson third Wilson 's Hollywood convertion system . You know when my Granpa was Mayor of Hill-Valley . He had to worry about traffic problem . But now you don 't have to worry about traffic Our road car into sky way flyer for only 3999.95 . So come on down . See me Goldie Wilson the third . At 29 convenient Location Welcome to the cafe . We alway morning in America and evening in the afternoon Our special today ... Hey ! Hey stop ! All I want is a Pepsi . Hey McFly ! Yeah ! I seen you around . You 're Martin McFly kid aren 't you ? Biff ? You 're Martin Junior Tough break kid ! Must be rough after being a complete butthead . What 's that suppose to mean ? Hello ! Hello ! Anybody home ? Think McFly ! Think ! Your old man still a loser ! - What ? That 's right , Loser with a capital ' L ' . I happen to know George McFly ... - No , No I 'm not talking about George McFly . I 'm talking about his kid . Your old man , Marty McFly senior . The man who took his life , and flushed it completely down the toilet . I did ... I mean he did ? Hey Gramps ! I told you to wax my car not just once . Hey ! Hey ! I just put the second coat on last week . Yeah ? With your eyes closed ? Are you two related ? Hello ! Hello ! Anybody home ? What do you think ? He just called me Grandpa for his health ? He 's Griff Gramps ! What the hell am I paying you for ? Hey Kid ! Said hello to you grandma for me . Hey McFly ! Don 't go any where ! You 're next . This is a video game . I got it working . My dad taught me how these ... How do you play these thing ? I 'll show you kid , I 'm crack shot at these . You mena you have to use your hands ? - That 's like a baby 's toy ! Babie 's toy ? - Pepsi perfect ... - Damned ! McFly ! I thought I told you to still in there ! How 's it going ? - McFly ! Yeah ? - McFly ! What ? - Your shoes on belt ! So McFly ! Have you made a decision ? About tonight opportunity ? Yeah I 'm thinking about it . I 'm not sure . Because it might be a little bit dangerous It 's wrong McFly You got no gut ? What a complete wimp . What it going to be McFly ? Are you in or out ? I not ... sure I 'm sure you know . Because I think I should discuss it with my father . No answer McFly ? Okay I 'll do it I 'll do it buddy whatever you say . Stay down and shut up ! Sit back down you two . Now , Let hear the right answer . Whow , Since when did you are the physical type ? The answer is no Griff ! No - Are you deaf and stupid ? I said no ! What wrong McFly ? Chicken ? What did you called me Griff ? Chicken McFly ! No buddy , no one called me ... Chicken . All right punk ! - Hey look ! Hey , Hey , Hey , Hey , Hey . Little girl stop . Little girl stop . Hey ! - I need to borrow your ... board . Something very familiar about all this . Hey McFly the board can 't go in water . Oh shit ! - Butthead ! Drying up now , - Drying up . Your jacket is now dry . Hey thanks little girl . - Keep it . I got a pit board now . - Save the clock tower . Give me a hundred bucks and help to save the clock tower . Er ... sorry no . - That 's an important historical landmark Some other time . Wait a minute , Clubs world war series . Against Miami ? Something like that . Who would have thought 100 for one shot . I wish I can go back to the beginning of the season and put some money on the cup . I mean Miami ? What did you just said ? I said I wish I can go back to the beginning of the season and put some money on the cubbies . Now this is an interesting features It has a duff jacket . It used to have these to protect the covers . Of course that was before you have to pay for it . And you are interesting we have the 1980 It called the dustbuster . Marty , Marty ! - I can 't lose . Up here ! - Hey doc what 's going on ? Standby I 'll park over there . - All right . I haven 't seen one of those in 30 years . Sorry . Hey I 'm walking here ! I 'm walking . What the hell ! Two of them ? I have to go to the animation kennel . Einstein never knew I was gone . Marty ! What in the name of Sir Isengate happened here ? Hey Doc listen , my kid showed up . All hell broke loose . You 're kid ? I was afraid of this ! Because I used a shot of gel there weren 't enough power left I got shut out for a full hour ! Doc ! Doc ! Doc ! Look at this , it 's changing . Yes , yes of course . Because this incident has now occured . Griff now go to jail . Before your son goes with them tonight The robbery will never take place . The history , the future history has now been altered . And this is the proof . Marty we have succeeded let get Jennifer and go home . What this ? - A sovereign . Fifty years I supposed it said . Hardly recreation reading material Marty . Hey Doc ! What the harm in bringing a little info on the future . Maybe we can place a couple of bets . Marty I didn 't invented the time machine for financial gain . The intend was getting clearer perception of your humanity . Where we been ! Where we going ! The pit-fall , the possibility , The pedals and the promises . Perhaps even the answer of the universal questions . Why ? - Hey Doc what for then ? What 's wrong making a few bucks on the side ? I 'm going to put this in the past . Jennifer got ! McFly Jennifer Jane Parker . 3793 O 'Curse street . Hill Dales Age 47 - 47 That the hell of a good face lift What the hell are they doing , Doc ? They 're using the thumb print to accessing her I.D. Since her thumb print haven 't changed over the year They simply assume she the Jennifer from the future How do we stop them ? What are we going to say ? Hey ! We from the time travel . We 'll be committed . She clean that mean we can take her home Home in Hill Dales . It 'll be dark by the time we get there . To your future home ! We have to get her out back in 1985 You mean I never seen where I lived . I never seen myself as an old man . No , no , no Marty , that can insult her . Jennifer can see the entire her future self . The consequences of that can be disasters . Doc , What do you mean ? I foreseen two possibability , One , Coming face to face with herself 30 years older put her into shots and simply pass out Or two the encounter will create time paradox . The results which will cause a team reaction for the arriving of the fabric space continual and destroy the entire universal . The worst case scenario , the destruction will in fact similar to our galaxy . Well , that 's a relief . Lets go , I hope to find Jennifer before she find herself . The skyway train will take forever to get there . And this stays here I invented the time machine not for gambling I invented the time machine that travel through time . I know , I know . So Dr. Emmett Brown invented the time machine . Hill Dale . Nothing but a breathing ground of tracks , logos and zipped heads Yeah ! We had to tear this whole place down Welcome come home Jennifer . You alright ? You got us a little tricked - But I think you can walk . Madame . You sure re-programm It 's dangerous to enter without light on . Lights on ? Er ... look , just take it easy and you 'll be fine . And be careful in the future . The future ? Have a nice day Mrs McFly . I 'm in the future . I get to married in an ' Chapel O Love' - Oh mum ? Mum is that you ? I got to get out of here ! - Mum ? Mum ? Mum ? Is that you ? Grandma Lorraine ! - Sweet heart ! What happened to Grandpa ? He always back out again . How 's Grandad little pumkin ? How do you do that ? How do he do that ? Right on a golf course . Are your folks home yet ? I have pizzas for everyone ! Who gonna eat all that ? - Oh , I will . Damm this traffic .. Jennifer get home around now I hope we 're not too late . What it is ? What the matter Doc ? I don 't know I thought I saw a taxi in my rear display I thought he was following us . Weird . I can 't believe this window it 's still broken . When the scene repair man called Daddy a chicken Daddy threw him out of the house . Now he can 't get anyone to fix it . You father biggest problem , Marlence Is that he loses all self-control when someone called him chicken Mum I can 't let him think I 'm chicken . You 're right Well , you 're right . About 30 years ago , Your father tried to prove he wasn 't chicken So he ended up in an accident . You mean with the Roll Royal . An accident ? All right Marty . Let 's find Jennifer . I can 't believe I live in Hill Dales . This is great . Marty stays here , changes clothes . I need your holier . Come on Doc , I want to check out my house We can 't risk you running into your older self . Come on Marty , Lets go . Hill-Dales . That will be one seventy four fifty . - Here . Be careful , this is a rough neighbourhood Where 's my receipt ? That accident cause a chain reaction That send Marty life straight down the tools If it not for that accident , Your father life would have turned out very differently . A man of Roll Royel couldn 't press charged . Marty wouldn 't broken his hand and wouldn 't given up his music And wouldn 't spend all those years feeling sorry for himself . Hey mum ! Nice pants . Mum ? Grandma , I want channels 18,24,63,197 the weather channel . Welcome home Marty ! Hey , hey dad is home . Dad 's home . Hello , Hello . Hello ? What the hell is this ? That better , damm kid . Watching T.V for a change ? Hey ! Tea time ! I 'm hungry . Grandma . Can I just shove it in my mouth ? Don 't you be a smart ass . Level four please . Is it ready ? - Here you go ! Oh boy , Oh boy , mum . You sure can hydrated a pizza . Jennifer miss that whole thing . I 'm worried about Jennifer Why isn 't she home yet ? I 'm not sure where Jennifer is mum . I saw her a couples of hours ago . It hard keeping track these day - Fruits please Aren 't you and Jennifer getting along ? Oh yeah , great mum , like a couples of teenages . Dad telephone is Needles . Dad is for you . All right then - Trapped Hello ? Hey ! Hey is the big M How 's it hanging McFly ? Needles ? So did you take a look at the little business propsal of mine ? I don 't know Needles - What are you afraid of ? Is this thing works , it will solve all your financal problem . And if it doesn 't work Needles I could get fired . It 's illegal I mean what if they changes man huh ? That shit would never find out Come on .. Stick your card in the slot it will handle it Unless you got a little divison to think here ? Chicken ! No buddy ! Called me a chicken Needles , No buddy All right , prove it ! All right , All right Needles . Here 's my card , scan it . Thanks McFly , I see you at the park tomorrow . McFly ! I was monitoring that scan , you just interface ! You are terminated ! Terminated ? No , it wasn 't my fault sir . It was Needles , he was behind all this ! And you co-operated It was you McFly ! Read my tongue . Please , I can 't not be fired I 'm fired ! Ahhhhh ! Er ... this is heavy ! When am I gonna tell Jennifer ? Jennifer . Jennfier - Doc I 'm glad to see you ! Go out the front door . I 'll meet you there . I don 't know how to open it There no doing up . Press your fingers to the plate . What plate ? Marty what does this fax mean ? Mum , is the jokes from the office . Mum , Mum , calm down I wasn 't yelling . Welcome home Jennifer , Marty , Marty , Marty . Come quick ! Quick ! She was shocked ! Just as I contradict She 'll be fine Let gets back to 1985 . Then I 'm going to destroy the time machine Destroy it ? About about everything ? Where we going and why ? There are two incidents . Neither were behave responsibly Is the matter of the danger of the time machine . My only regret is I 'll never get a chance to go to my favourite historcial year . The Old West . The time travelling is just too dangerous . Better for myself to study other great histories of universe Wait a minute ! Did we make it ? Are we back ? - We 're back . Lets put her on the swings then I can go home . And come back with your truck , then you can wake her When she wakes and see her own house in the dark Then you should be able to convince her it was all a dream Wait a minute . Are we just going to leave her here in the cold ? The intentional convince her it was all a dream . How long do you think she 's gonna be out ? I 'm not quite sure , she 'd received quite a shock . It would be a few minutes Or it could be a couples of hours . Don 't worry she 'll be fine . I didn 't remember she had bars behind these windows . If you need me , I 'll be back at my lab Right . What the hell ? Hey ! Hey ! Wait a minute . What are you doing in my room ? Freeze sucker ! - Hey ! I don 't want no trouble ! You got trouble ! What are you doing here with my daughter ? Hey listen ! I 'm just in the wrong house ! Hey look ! I made a mistake ! We ain 't gonna be terrorise ! It got to be the wrong year . October 26 1985 . It can 't be . Drop it ! So you 're the son of a bitch stealing my newspaper ! Mr Strickland , Mr Strickland It 's me Marty Hold it ! - Marty McFly , Don 't you know me from school ? I haven 't seen you before in my life ! But you like a slacker to me . Yeah ! That 's right I 'm a slacker . Don 't you remember giving me detenstion last week ? Last week ? The school burned down six years ago ! Now you got exactly 3 seconds to get off my porch . 1 , Please Mr Strickland , I just want to know what the hell is going on here ? 2 - Hey Strickland . Slackers ! Watch where you 're going ! Ladies and Gentleman , Welcome to the Biff Tannen 's museum Delicated to Hill-Valley No.1 Citizen And American greatest living folks hero . The one and only Biff Tannen Of course we all heard the legend But who is the man . Inside you will learn how Biff Tannen Become the most richest and most powerful man In America . Learn the amazing history of the Tannen 's family Starting with his great grandfather Biffen Maddog Tannen Fastest gun in the west . See Biffen humble the beginning How a trip to the race track on his 21st birthday Made him a millionaire overnight . Sharing an excitement of a fabulous winning streak That earn him a nickname 'The luckiest man on earth' Learn how Biff the lucky winning streak Into the vast enterprise called Pittco Discover how in 1979 Biff successfully lobby to legalised gambing And turn Hill-Valley labortious court house into a beautiful casino hotel . He going to say one thing . 'God bless America' Meet the women who share in his passion As he search for true love . And re-lift Biff , happiest moment And in 1973 he realised his life long romantic dream By marrying high-school sweetheart Lorraine Baines McFly No ! Hey sonny ! We can 't do it the easy way but the hard way . The easy way ! Mum is that you ? - Now just relax Marty . You been asleep for almost two hours . What a horrible nightmare . - You 're safe and sound now The good old 27th floor The 27th floor ? Mum ? Mum it can 't be you . Yes it 's me Marty , are you all right ? I 'm fine , I 'm fine But you look so ... big . Everything gonna be fine Marty Are you hungary ? . I can called room service Room service ? Lorraine ! Oh my god ! Is your father . My father ? You supposed to be in Switzerland ! You little son of a bitch ! My father ? Did you get kicked out from another boarding school ? Damm it Lorraine , there 're no good kids of yours ! All three of them ! - What the hell do you care ! We can afford it ! At least with all that money We can provide better life for the children Hold on one second ! Let get this straight ! Marty is yours kid . Not mine I wouldn 't do jackshit for him ! Stop it Biff , just stop it ! Look ! He a butthead just like his old man was . Don 't you dare speak that way about George ! You 're not even half the man he was You son of a bitch ! Always the little hot head , huh ? You want to take a poke at me ? Damned it Biff , that 's it . I 'm leaving . Go ahead ! Well think about this Lorraine , Who 's gonna pay for all yours clothes , huh ? And your jewelry ? And your liquor ? Who 's going to pay for your cosmetic surgery , Lorraine ? You were the one who wanted me to get these ... things . If you want them back , you can have them ! Look Lorraine ! You walk out that door And I not only cut off you , I 'll cut off your kids You wouldn 't ? - Wouldn 't I ? First your daughter Linda , I 'll cancel all her credit cards she can settle her debts herself . Your idiot son Dave , I 'll get the probation report As for Marty , You might want to have all three of yours kids behind bars ! Just like your brother Joey ! One big happy jail bird family ! All right Biff , you win ... I 'll stay . As for you , I 'll be back within an hour So you better not be ! He was right , and I was wrong . Mum ! Mum , what are you saying ? You absolutely defending him ! I had it coming . He 's my husband and he takes care of all of us and he deserves our respect . Respect ! Your husband ! How can he be your husband ? How can you leave dad for him ! Leave dad ? Marty , are you feeling all right ? - No ! No ! I 'm not feeling all right . I don 't understand what damned things are going on around here ? Why nobody can give me a simple straight answer ! Oh , they must have hit you over the head hard this time . Mum , I just want to know one thing . Where 's my father ? Where 's George Mcfly ? Marty ... George your father Hasn 't been for the same place for the past 12 years . Over the park cemetery . No ! No ! This can 't be happening March 15 1973 No ! Please god no ! Please god no ! This can 't be happening ! This can 't be happening ! I 'm afraid it is happening , all of it Doc ? When I learn about you father I figured you came here . You know what happened to them ? You know what happened ? March 15 1973 ? Yes Marty , I know . I went to the public libary to make sense out of all the madness . The place is shut down so I broke in . And borrowed some newspaper I don 't get it Doc ? How can these be happening ? Is like we 're in hell or something . Is Hill-Valley . I can image hell can be much worst ! I 'm sorry boy . The lab is in awful , awful mess . Obviously , The Time continual has been disrupted . Created this new temporary events Sequence resulting alternate relatively . English Doc . - Here , Here , Imagin this line represent time . Here the present 1985 The future , the past . From this point of time . Somewhere in the past , The time line has skirl into this tension created alternated 1985 Alternate to you , me and Einstein . But reality for everyone else . Recognised this ? Is the bag the sport book came in . I know . Because the receipt was still inside I found it in the time machine . Along with this . That the top of Biff 's cane . I mean the old Biff from the future . Correct ! It was in the time machine Biff was in a time machine With the sport Almanac . - Holy shit ! You see , while we were in the future . Biff got the sport Almanac , stole the time machine And back in time And gave the book to himself at some point in the past Look , It said right here , That Biff made his first million betting on horses race at 1958 He wasn 't just lucky , he knew . Because he had all the race results in the sport Almanac Winning his entire fortune . Look at it with an magnify glass . Yeah is the Almanac . Son of a bitch ! Stole my idea . He must had been listening . It was my fault , the whole thing was my fault , If I only hasn 't bought that damned book ! This would never happened . It all the past - You mean the future ? One of them That demonstrated . Precisely , how the time machine travel can be misused The time machine must be destroy After we restrict all this out . We go back to the future and stop him from stealing the time machine We can 't , because if we travel into the future . From this point of time it will be the future . Of this ... reality . Which Biff has corrupted a poweful and a marriage with your mother . And in which ... this has happened to me ! Now , our only chance to repair the present is in the past At the point where the time line has skirl into the tension . All the input universal that has been remembered . Get back to our reality , We had to find out the exact date , And pacific circled on how where and when . Young Biff has got his hand on that sport book . I 'll ask him . What a great flick , The guy is brilliant . What the hell are you doing in here ? Party over , Biff ! Sorry ladies . How did you get past my security downstair ? It doesn 't matter , we need to talk about this . Right Marty forget it ! No . Not enough money , great sport Almanac ! You heard him girl . Party over . Stop talking kid , what else do ya know about that book ? First you tell me how you got it . How , where and when ? All right , take a seat . Sit down ! November 12th 1955 . That was when . November 12th 1955 . That was the date I when back ... That ... was the date of the famous Hill-Valley lighting storm . You know your history . Very good I never forget that Saturday I just pick my car up from the shelter I rode in the drive way a few days earlier . I thought you crashed into your truck How do you know about that ? My father told me about it ... - Your father ? Before he died . Oh yeah right . There it was mine and mind old business . This crazy old car shown up and he said I was his distant relative . I don 't see any resemblance . So he said how you like to be rich I said sure . So he laid this book on me . He said this book will tell me every outcome results of the sport events Till the end of the century . All I had to do is bet on the winning and I 'll never lose . I said what the catch ? He said no catch but keep it a secret . That man disappeared . Marty , he told me one more thing . Someday a crazy old wild scientist or a kid Will ask me about that book . If that ever happen ... funny . I never thought it would be you Oh yeah , Biff you forgot one thing ... What the hell is that ? You son of a bitch ! Go a head kid ! Jump ! Suicide will be nice and neat . What if I don 't ? Blood poisoning ! What about the police Biff ? They 'll match up the bullet with that gun Can ! I own the police ! Beside they couldn 't match up the bullet which killed your old man . You son of a bitch ! George Mcfly with the same gun ! What the hell ? Nice shot Doc ! I don 't believe it , we can go back to 1955 . I don 't believe it . That 's right Doc , we can go back to 12th 1955 ! Unbelievable ! Old Biff told you that date . It could mean that pointed time herein contained some sort significant . Almost if it was temporary jink space time continual . Amazingly coincidence . Got to fix that thing , Alright time circuit on . What do you mean time circuit on ? Doc , we aren 't going back now . Yep . What about Jennifer ? What about Einstein ? We can 't just leave them here ! Don 't worry Marty , as soon as we succeeded . This alternate 1985 will be change back to the real 1985 Instantaneously tranformating around Jennifer and Einstein Jennifer and Einstein will be fine . They will have absolutely no memory of this horrible place . Doc , what if we don 't succeed ? We must succeed ! Er this is heavy doc , It seem like we were here yesterday . We were here yesterday , we were ! Amazing isn 't ? Alright , the sun rise should in about 22 minutes You go to town and track down young Biff . You stay with him . Sometime today old Biff will shown up to give young Biff the Almanac . You mustn 't denied any field without any events You must let him believe that he had succeed so he will leave 1955 and bring them all back to the future . Alright . Once , old Biff is gone Grab the Almanac anywhere that you can Remember our future depends on this . You don 't have to remind me of that , Doc . A walkie talkie so we can keep in contact . I 'll stay here and repair the time circuit . Don 't risk anywhere else stealing my time machine . I won 't accidently running into my another self Another self ? Yes , there are now two of me here . There are two of you here . The other me Dr Emmett Brown from 1955 The other me helps the other you get back to 1985 Remember the bolt of lighting from the clock tower . Yeah ! - That doesn 't happen till tonight . So you must be very careful not to run into the your other self . I give you some money , Marty , I have to leave them out for the possibility Get your self some fiftys folks . Got that . Doc coming Doc . This is Marty over . Marty this is Doc , are you there ? Yes Doc ! I mapped the address I don 't think this is Biff 's house . Looks like some old lady lives here Where you going Biff ? - I 'm going to get my car grandma When are you coming back ? I need you to sweep the floor Shut up old bang ! Go and get it ! Doc , it is Biff house . Good , - I couldn 't get her started I got to get have her right now . It come to 300 and 2 dollars 300 bucks ? 300 bucks for a couple of horse shit ? That bullshit ! - No that horse shit . The whole car is full of horse shit . I don 't get something for that ! Get something for that ? You can called inside ! You can called your men ! 300 bucks . If I catch the guy who caused this , I 'll break his neck . I remembered that . For 300 dollars job ! It looks so good . Look what we have here ? Nice dress Lorraine . Is better if you wear nothing at all Biff why don 't you take a long to the store here ? Listen Lorraine , there the dance after school tonight . Right now my car is all fix , I thought I 'll catch you at break . And give you an honour of going with the best look guy Well , I 'm busy ! - Doing what ? Washing my hair Somebody already asked me to the dance Who ? The butthead Mcfly ? I am going with Calvin Klein , okay ? Calvin Klein ? No ... it is no okay You go with me , understand ? Get your filthy hand off me . You are my girl . No , I won 't be your girl Even you have million dollars Yes , you will I got to marry you someday , Lorraine Someday you will be my wife You always did that to the women Get that hell out of my car , old man You want to marry that girl , Biff ? I can help make that happen Oh ... yeah Who are you ? Just get into the car , butthead You called me butthead , butthead How do you know how to do it ? Nobody can start this car , but me . You just get into the car , today is your lucky day It cost me 300 hundreds bucks Would you shut up about the car ? I don 't know one thing How do you know where I live ? Let just said we are related , Biff . I got a present for ya . In another case Something that makes you rich . You want to be rich don 't ya ? - Oh yes , sure that 's rich ! You gonna make me rich ? See this book , This book tell the future . Tells the results of every major sports events . Till the end of the century . Footballs , Baseballs , Horseracing , betting . The information in here worth millions . And I 'm giving it to you . That 's very nice , Thank you very much ! Why don 't you make like a tree and get out of here ! It leaves , you idiot ! Makes like a tree and leave . You sound like a damned fool when you say it wrong All right then leave ! And take your book with ya ! Don 't you get it ? You can make a fortune with this book . Let me shown ya . That a million dollars that wins at 1970 Are you deaf old man , it said all over . You lost ! - Oh yeah ? What the catch ? How do you know what the results gonna be ? I told you the results is in this book All you had to do is bet on the winning and you 'll never lose . All right , I 'll take a look at it . You damned fool ! Never leave this book laying around . Don 't you have a safe ? No you don 't have a safe . Get a save ! Keep it lock up . Until then on ya like this Hey what you doing ? - And don 't tell anybody either . And there this one more thing , Oneday , a crazy old wild old man claims to be a scientist will ... I 'm trapped . Doc . - What the reports ? Biff gone , he got the book and he old man gone too . I 'm locked in this garage . I don 't know how the hell to get out of here . He down the street . I can 't figure out in daylight . Don 't worry Marty , somehow I 'll get over there . Wait a minute Hey Doc , Doc ? Perfect ... I told you grandma ... Marty ? Marty ? Marty ? Marty ? Marty ? Marty ? Doc ? Marty ? Marty ? Marty ? Doc ? - What happened to you ? I when to Biff house and you aren 't there . I 'm in the back of Biff 's car He 's on his way to the Enchantment under the sea dance . Marty listen , It getting more dangerous . Don 't worry the book is in Biff jacket Marty , you must be extremely careful not to run into your otherself . My other self ? Yes , Remember your mother is at exactly the same dance with you ? Right This is getting heavy doc . Marty , what ever happened you must not let the other half sees you The consequences can be disasters Excuse sir ? Yes ? - Can you please lend me two bucks ? Fine mate ! Don 't you mean a few quarters You 're right - I presume You 're conducting some sort of weather experiment ? - That 's right , how did you like that ? I happened to do some experiment here , Yes , I 'm gonna see some lighting tonight . But the weather man said there won 't be any rain . There be plenty of rains All right , Wind and lighting . There will be hell of a storm . Thanks nice talking to you . Maybe , we 'll bump into again in the future . Or in the past . Doc ? Where that pumkin ? He cause 300 bucks damaged to my car , and I haven 't got enough to sandwhich . Keep going , Well , well , well Mr Tannen How nice to see here . Well , Mr Strickland is nice too see you sir . Is that a liquor smell . - I wouldn 't know I don 't know what liquor smell like . Because I 'm too young too drink it . - I see And what have we here ? Sports statistics ? What an interesting subject . Homework Tannen ? - No , it ain 't homework Cause I ain 't going home ! You got a real attitudes problem Just watch it , Tannen ! One day , I 'll have you in detention . Slackers ! Geez you smoke too ? You beinning to sound just like my mother . We gonna take a little break , We 'll be back in a while . Yes ! No ! Doc ! Marty what 's up ? - I 'm in trouble , I blew it ! Where the book ? Biff still got it with him All I got is the damned cover . Where Biff ? I don 't know - Don 't you have any ideas where he is ? I don 't know , I mean he can be any where by now . The entire future depend on you . Find Biff and get the book . I just don 't know , Of course , I gonna go . Is like a deja vu . Okay everybody , lets back up now . Back up now . Give him a little bit of room . A little bit of air . You ! Did you just take his wallet . Doc success , I got it . Great Marty , As soon as I genarated , I need you on the roof ! Hey he 's here , - He in disguise Where did he go ? Doc , - Marty , Listen when you see me , I 'm gonna jump . Well , get out of there . Not me , the other me . You won 't get back to the future . You 're going to be in paradise You mean one of those thing which can destroy the univeral ? Not to be seen by your other self or your parent . What the hell ? Where is he ? - Who ? Calvin Klein - Who ? The guy with the hat ! - I think he when that way . I think he took his wallet . I think he took his wallet . I guess you guy aren 't ready for that ! But you kid gonna love it . Hey Doc , I succeed it . Okay I 'll be under the school roof in one minute . I 'll be there . Lorraine ! - Marty ! that 's very interesting music I hope you don 't mind George asked me to take me home . Hey Butt head ! You think your disguise will get by me ? Let have it off . You and me right now . - No thanks . What the matter ? - Where you going ? Are you chicken ? I said you 're nothing but a little chicken No buddy called me chicken ! What the hell ? You steal my stuff . Doc , Doc , I blew it ! Biff took it and put it in his car . What time is it now ? Which way did he go ? Get him ! There he is Doc ! Let land on him and cripple his car . Marty , he would blew on us like tin foil . So what do we do ? - I have a plan . Son of a bitch ! Let go of the car ! I 'll teach him ! Hold on buddy ! Yes ! I hate my life ! Doc , is everything all right over ? Marty , I have to terminate the landing of the direction I have to circle to make a long approach . Have you got the book ? In my hand ! Doctor ! Doctor ! The newspaper changed My father is alive ! Everything is back to normal right ? Everything is okay right ? That 's right Marty Let get the hell back to the future ... Doc ! Doc are you alright ? I 'm all right ! Now be careful you don 't want to strike by lighting . Doc ? Doc ? Doc ? Doc do you read me ? Doc do you read me come in ? Oh no ! He 's gone ! Doctor is gone ! Hey Mr Mcfly ! - Huh ? Is your name Marty Mcfly ? Yeah ? - I got something for you a letter ! A letter for me that 's impossible ! Who the hell are you ? Dr Junior , A bunch of us want you to share about this subject . It 's actually a possession from the past 70 years It 's was still in the West . But the important instruction it had to deliver to ... A young man with the name Marty . At the exact location , at the exact minute . November 12th 1985 . We were thinking if the actual Marty gonna be here . That why I laughed ... Ha ! Ha ! Ha ! Did you say 70 years ? Yes 70 years . 70 years , 2 months , 12 days to be exacted . There you are ! It from the Doc ! Dear Marty , If my calculation are correct you 'll receive this letter immediately . After I stuck by lighting . First , let me show you I am alive and well . I been living happily for the past eight months In the years 1885 . The lighting bolt ... 1885 ! September 1885 ! Wait a minute . What this all about ? He 's alive ! The doctor is alive ! He said he 's in the old West , he 's alive ! All you alright ? There only one man who can help me ! Doc ! Relax it 's me Marty . It can 't be , I 'd just send you back to the future I know you send me back to the future but I 'm back . Doc !
