 In the age that proclaimed the end of the Christian Era ... Mankind began advancing out into space ... spreading its seeds across many star systems . But , the characteristic flames of humanity 's wars ... were not extinguished , after all . Even on this planet , Jerra ... You bastard ! The new generation of humanity is the Nexrum , who oppose the rule of the Earth Government over all the planets . Hoping to contain the Nexrum , Jerra 's regular army wages war . Neither side yields a single step . While their offense and defense see-saw back and forth , the war situation becomes a quagmire . Little Elephant to Black Box ... 13 km to target . Dropping to low altitude , on schedule . This is Black Box , we roger that . Good luck . You 're too high . Bring it down . Roger . How long do we have to wait ? I 'm ready for some action . I don 't think there 's anyone left alive out there . Maybe the ghosts will come out . Don 't talk that way . How long are the pilots going to keep us shut up in this coffin ? Relax . Once the fighting starts , you 'll miss this flying coffin . What 's that ? M.D. Geist : Part of the regular army 's elite troop of special manufactured soldiers . Based on the theories of biocloning , they possess fighting abilities far beyond that of normal man . But Geist 's method of fighting proved to be too ferocious . It was decided that his very existence posed too great a danger , and in Jerra year 843 , he was imprisoned in an orbiting satellite . Also known as : M.D. GEIST Who are you : Coming down from the frozen sky Who are you : Silent sky won 't answer me Battle weary , still you fight on Mission in an unknown land Long forgotten man , a strange and fearful warrior Nobody knows : Memory is torn asunder Nobody knows : Racing on the wind 's aura Drinking in all , all that it sees From the cold and darkness you come Who are you , who has awakened ... tell me Can 't stop : He 's just a soldier Can 't stop : We awaken and we see There is nothing left of our tomorrow Can 't stop : He 's just a soldier Can 't stop : The never-ending war game On the horizon ... battle is on Chasing you Looks like someone 's been playing with fire . You 're dead , moron ! You should have stayed in the army . Not bad . Who the hell is that slob ? Get your stinking hands off of our stuff ! You scum wouldn 't even know how to use it . I 'm the only one here with the skill . Marsh ! Stand back , Marsh . I 'll handle this . You want the armor ? I like that , you 've got balls . But we killed him , so it 's ours , not yours . Want to live ? You got two choices : You can join my gang , or you can beat me in a fight . Fight ? He must be joking ! He doesn 't know about the boss . He must be insane ! Who cares ? He 'll be dead meat in another minute . - Rules ? - Just one : Kill . You bastard ! Stop ! All of you together still couldn 't take him . You 're pretty good . He was tough , but not even close to your league . You want the suit ? Take it . You need a place to stay ? Come with me . I 've been waiting a long time for someone like you . Vaiya ! He just killed the boss ! Shut up ! I was worried about this all along ! That idiot was always starting trouble . I always figured he 'd get killed by another gang . But you 're the real thing ! Become our boss , and you could have anything you want . I even have contacts with the army brass ! The Nexrum Army ? Both ! I work either side of the fence . Tell me everything , and I 'll consider it . Really ? Sure ! I 'll tell you anything . First question : What year is it ? The year ? What ? I just want to know how long I 've been napping . Nothing important . Vaiya 's brains got us out of some tough spots , but this time I don 't get it ! If she hadn 't stopped us , that bastard would 've killed us all ! Together we could take him . Hold on . She 's got some kind of plan . Or she wouldn 't have tried so hard to fish him in . And what if she 's planning to stab us in the back ? Betray us ? Then we 'd have no choice ... Nexrum finally tested their battle armor . Their power suits are the best . The regular army is all but gone . Enough of that . I 'll bet you haven 't had a woman in a while . Don 't look at me like that . Is that your name on these tags ? G-e-i-s-t . It sounds so strong . The regular army ... where are they based ? Oh , who gives a damn ? Geist ! You 're wrong . All I want from you is what 's in your head . I could care less about the rest . Don 't say that . You make me ashamed . Get out of here . I 'm done with you now . What are you doing , you impotent bastard ! I won 't let him get away . He 's got something other men don 't . He 's strong enough to protect me from Death itself . It 's big , Geist . You got lucky . But you 'll get nowhere helping the regular army . They wouldn 't be chasing the tank unless it was undermanned . The weaker side is desperate . They 'll pay more for help . What if they don 't have any money at all ? Nexrum 's too strong ! We can 't beat them . That 's the signal . Are we really going to fight Nexrum ? If we don 't , that bastard will kill us . Same thing , either way . Engine # 2 is overheating ! Put in more coolant ! Left side treads are sluggish ! Don 't slow down ! I verify 4 Powered Machines on our flank , 3 behind . The rear center appears to be the command unit . Persistent little worms . Where 's the rear gun ? We need more firepower ! We have too many wounded . We 're losing coverage on the guns . Hans , maintain speed until I return . Yes , sir ! Maintaining present speed . We 'll be in close combat soon . Prepare the Fightechs . All hands , maintain your posts ! Idiot ! Does he think that 's going to save him ? Forget him ! Get the tank ! Yes , sir , beginning my run ! What ? Stop it ! Dammit ! I 'm not going to die for that asshole ! Serves you right , you bastard ! We 've got to stop ! The engine 's going to blow ! Colonel Crutes ! Where 's the Colonel ? What is he ? He 's incredible ! What was that ? There 's a Powered Machine on top of the bridge ! Get me a Fightech ! I 'll knock him off ! No time , sir ! What ? It 's Colonel Crutes ! Damned vermin ! Now , army boy , we talk price . My men are expensive . I have to thank you , Mr. Geist . You helped the NoahGuards out of a tight spot . I originally served in the regular army . It 's an honor to fight again . Let 's skip the chitchat and get to the point . You 're not military . Who are you ? Geist 's manager . You 've seen how good he is , so now you have a decision . About what ? His price ! Don 't play dumb with me . So that 's your game . Forget it ! We never asked you to fight for us . Don 't give me that crap ! We saved your butts ! You can 't push me around ! Shut up , you hyena ! We fight our own battles ! We don 't need scum like you . I 'm a hyena ? Yeah , I live off dead men . But who made me that way ? You , the army ! Your damn battles have killed almost everyone on the planet ! And the few who aren 't dead yet are left in a living hell ! If I 'm a hyena , then you 're a demon from hell ! Let 's go . We should have let them die . What 's wrong , Geist ? Crutes ... Ovild Folgain Shtrime . Are you just going to let him go ? I am . He 's far too dangerous . What do you mean ? You saw his dogtags ? He 's an MDS . MDS ? You new recruits probably never heard of them . When the war started , everyone feared the Most Dangerous Soldiers . Perfectly trained for all forms of combat . But they were too good . The army decided they should be discontinued . But we need his skills for our mission . I agree . If he joins , it would certainly end our morale problem . The troops already treat him like their savior . Sakamoto is right ! This mission is top secret . I won 't repeat it , so listen closely . This is our strategic headquarter : Brain Palace . As the war turned against us , we prepared a final program . Our mission is to invade Brain Palace and deactivate this program . Its name : Death Force . Death Force was to be our final retaliation : A doomsday device . It reacts to all life forms , attacking indiscriminately . At activation , millions of robotic soldiers will coverJerra . Ten days ago , President Ryan was assassinated in Sandorea Garden . At that point , Brain Palace entered the final phase . We have 11 hours and 45 minutes before the program is enacted . The NoahGuards will attack head-on . We have Fightechs for Hans , Lester , Jack , Sakamoto , Mr. Geist , and me . The six of us will head for the control room . Our final target is here . Still at it ? I always seem to find you in some back room like this . You really are the real thing . More than I ever hoped for . Together , we could do anything . With the money from this job we 'll be rich . We could go far away . You could learn to listen a little ! Dammit ! Vaiya . I hate to say this , but we 're going to leave you now . You see , we 've talked and decided to get the hell out of here . We 've spent too much time just trying to stay alive . Take care , Vaiya . Five minutes to Brain Palace ! Alert condition two ! Constant duty has worn them out . If they stay like this ... What 's wrong ? Snap to , men ! You look like a bunch of enlisted grunts , not Fightech Commandos ! Let 's go . Direct hit to the bridge ! Get to the central tower ! Sakamoto ! Don 't stop ! You want to die ? Pull yourself together , Hans ! Hans , hold on . You 'll make it . It doesn 't look that bad . Colonel ... You and Mr. Geist have to get to the control room ! They 're all dead ! Again ! No , you killed them ! Farewell , Mr. Geist , or I should say , MDS ? You 're a bloody war machine . This place will be a good tomb for you . You said that when you left me on the satellite , too . It 's no coincidence that you happened on the NoahGuards . It 's the will of God that evil should be destroyed . The universe is an eternal battlefield for me Never , never , never : It goes forever The pain and suffering I can hear in that melody Come on , come on , come on : You , can never return It 's the only crazy game It 's the only foolish game Just awakening , you can 't possibly see You must be the ... Dangerous : Most dangerous Raging fire of violence Dangerous : Most dangerous The warrior who has left his land of birth It 's the only crazy game It 's the only foolish game Never stops until , it all ends in destruction Dangerous : Most dangerous Raging fire of violence Dangerous : Most Dangerous The warrior who has left his land of birth Program D now terminated . Brain Palace now returning to normal operating condition . Long Tom to Sphinx , the operation is a success . Hans , Lester , Jack , Sakamoto , John , Louis , at least your sacrifices were not in vain . And a great evil has been eliminated from the world . You did it . Why ? Why ... Geist ! You killed the Colonel . Everyone 's dead , above . I hid , so I was safe . But all that matters is that you 're alive . Geist , what ? Hey , Geist ! What are you doing ? What are you doing ? Stop joking , the battle 's over ! Program D now active . Code 303 . Begin Death Force . The game 's not over yet . It 's just beginning . Area B-13 : No survivors Southwest Bay Area : No survivors Survivors spotted Begin Level Two extermination procedures immediately Help me ! Help me , Officer ! One 's in front of us ! Thank you for your contribution to the regular army . Huh ? You idiot ! What regular army ? You 're insane ! They were all killed , a long , long time ago ! Those monstrosities they created ... slaughtered both them and their enemies ! How much longer do we have to fight before it 's all over ? It doesn 't matter ... we 're all done for , anyway ! The planet Jerra : A colony of one of the migratory groups of humanity ... who went out into space , in search of mankind 's potential . However , the supreme ruler of this planet is no longer human . The army of Death Force machines , who will not allow life of any kind , continually wander the planet 's surface , indiscriminately attacking the humans . Because of this final weapon that mankind itself created , humanity has become a helpless creature , awaiting its own inevitable destruction . Where are we ? Anything at all . Find anything that might be useful , grab it and bring here . We 'll be easy targets if this old ruin is attacked . Sure beats being stranded in the middle of the desert , though . I 've heard a rumor that ... when the weather 's this bad , they stay home and sleep . That 's just a story . If it weren 't , it wouldn 't be this difficult to survive . Have you heard this one ? There 's someplace in the middle of the desert ... where a lot of people have created the last stronghold . You must have been dreaming that one , old man . But it 's true ! It 's not just a story . There 's a man out there who can hold his own against the Death Force . They say that everyone depends on him for survival . Yeah , who would that be ? Are you talking about God ? Look at this ! It 's a dead Fightechs soldier ! Call everyone over here ! Gotcha . Did you find anything over there , kid ? Help me ! It can 't be ! It 's using his body for food ! Hurry , start the engines ! Get the trucks away from the factory ! Hurry ! Hurry ! How horrible ! Nothing will stop them ! This is the island base . Land in ESI mode as soon as possible . Krauser 's plane , roger . We have survivors on board . Please get ready for their arrival . Look over there ! People ! There are tons of people here ! Allow me to welcome you , my new comrades who shall live to see the future ! As you know , this island base is the last stronghold of humanity . This is the only Eden , where the monsters cannot reach us ! I swear to you , we shall destroy the evil steel demons , and save the future of this planet ! Hmph ! He is truly a hero . From now on , kid , this will be where you work . Do your best job . You owe Lord Krauser your life . Always remember that . I feel like I 've seen it somewhere before . Someone else had those dog tags ... Next , let 's look at the distribution of Death Force units . There are about 900 units , but they have the ability to self-produce . Because of this , our attacks cannot do enough damage . If they keep reproducing , how many can they make ? Our data indicates that ... they can only increase to a maximum of 9099 units . Mr. Krauser has some amazing abilities , I know . But how are we deceiving the Death Force units ? We have an ESI unit . The Death Force can convert human activity ... into a special vibrational signal and read that . Dr. Breston , who was originally a scientist from the regular army , has deciphered this and developed a system to camouflage the signals . At this moment , only Captain Krauser and the Fightechs bodyguards ... are equipped with this ESI unit . Is there something amusing , Breston ? No , I was just thinking that ... if the men saw you now , they 'd be very surprised . You are quite a hero to the refugees . But in actuality , you 're feared by even the army , as one of their experimental warriors : An MDS . You must look almost like a god to them . Not almost . I AM a god . At least to them . - Geist ? - That 's what I heard . He 's the one who destroyed the Death Force units all by himself . And they think it 's Geist ? Don 't be ridiculous . He 's still in orbit . He was an absolute failure . An insane beast , incapable of controlling himself . It 's only natural that the brass decided to imprison him in an orbital satellite . But who other than an MDS could take on the Death Force all alone ? If Geist is back on the ground ... If he IS back on the ground ... then what ? ! Have you forgotten , Doctor ? The reason you lost your job in the army was because of Geist ! And after that , you could never make another MDS who wasn 't completely insane . Only I am capable of using my powers , since I have normal judgment . I dealt with the military leaders who started this war . And only because I acquired this position ... does your life have any meaning ! I won 't tolerate any unnecessary thoughts from you ... other than maintaining my body ! Are you afraid of me ? No . Make yourself at home here . It seems you recognize these dog tags . From where ? ! Where did you see them ? ! Time for work , Eagle . After such a long time , you can be of help again . It 's work perfectly suited for someone as filthy as you . You 're a test cyborg of the ESI unit . I know you got along well with the Death Force . Yes , Doctor . I want you to search everywhere . Bring me that man . Bring him to me ! It can 't be him ! They say you destroyed the Death Force units , all by yourself . Of course , it wouldn 't make a good story , if you were just a normal man . The Fightechs and the ESI unit were both taken by force . But there is no indication they were killed by the Death Force . Please , don 't go near my data ! Please stop , Krauser ! The Brain Palace guards , Final Striker . So that 's how you got all the data on Geist ! You deceived me , Breston ! But I needed his data ! I thought it would be useful in your modifications ! Fool ! There is a warrior running loose who can match my power ! Yet he is insane ! My leg ! If he hadn 't just tangled with the Death Force , I might not have been able to beat him . How were you able to stop him ? Hell , I got him with just one shot . Don 't joke with me ! Damn you ! You won 't get away with this ! Wait ! Don 't shoot in here ! Damn ! What a fine time for this ! They sure are making quite a ruckus back there . Damn ! It 's no use ! Incredible ! Amazing ! The only thing buried deep in his mind is the desire for pure battle ! Congratulations , Doctor . Are you going to destroy this monster as Lord Krauser ordered ? Don 't be ridiculous ! You saw how strong he is ! This sample is even greater than Krauser ! The cellular regeneration of Bioclones ... is not enough to keep themselves going . But this one 's cells grow and evolve ... whenever he 's in the heat of battle ! Although I created him , I never even dreamed that ... this miraculous man would fall into my hands . Do you know what this means ? No , sir . The majority of his mental faculties are dedicated to ... expanding the limits of his fighting condition . The result causes a spontaneous change in his cells . Since he 's an MDS , created especially for fighting , this is quite a natural reaction . This means it 's far more unusual to turn out like Krauser ... with his unusual desire for fame and ambition . But Geist 's body is reinforced for fighting , which makes him my ideal soldier in these desperate times ! I 've got a bad feeling about this , once again . I 'll re-examine Geist 's body and spirit ! I know something wonderful will come of it ! We 've captured the man you seem to know . It may be a clue as to how to get your memories back . What kind of connection did you have with him ? I need to know . Why are you so interested in him ? Because I exist to eliminate him ! He is no more than a brutal , primitive man , lost in our civilized society . I can 't merely ignore him . I don 't care if my memories never return . When I try to remember him , I 'm attacked by an image that threatens to engulf me in flames . I feel as if something absolutely horrible happened . Wait , Geist ! I 'm your friend ! Don 't you remember me ? Let me go ! An accident has occurred in Breston 's research lab . Fire squad , report immediately ! Repeating , an accident has occurred in Breston 's research lab . Fire squad , report immediately ! Geist escaped from the research lab into the elevator ... that connects to the command tower ! The Captain gave us the order to shoot to kill . Don 't let him escape , no matter what ! Up 1234567 Down Unit B has been destroyed in corridor 13 ! Two survivors verified from Unit C. Geist is engaging Unit D on level 4 , block 33 ! I won 't allow any more of this violence ! This is my castle ! Attention ! It appears the Death Force has already sent in a humanoid - type machine ! But Lord Krauser has declared that he will destroy it , personally ! You were a disgrace to the regular army ! I shall do my duty and eliminate you ! You ARE a complete failure , after all ! But don 't worry . I shall remove the dishonor you brought to the MDS ! Kill him ! He 's not human ! He 's a demon ! He 's a god of death ... who climbed up out of hell to kill everything alive ! Kill him ! Hurry ! You bastard ! Krauser ! Krauser ! Krauser ! You monstrosity ! Go to hell ! Krauser ! Krauser ! Krauser ! He must have treated you very badly . You must have been through a lot . But don 't worry . He 's dead . You can begin a new life now . He 's not dead . He 's not human . What ? He 's a demon . He 'll come back to take his revenge . I know it . He 's a god of death , come to kill us all ! And no one can stop him ! Hey , where are you taking me ? Don 't touch me like that ! Let me go ! A splendid performance , Mr. Krauser . Thank you for your cooperation , Commander . You are indispensable in our next operation : The Nexrum army 's Jignix bomb . Your superhuman strength is also indispensable . Together , we can bring a new utopia to this planet . I agree completely . If we don 't install a new leader and a new national policy , the Earth Federation will merely retake this planet . Major , we 're counting on you to help Mr. Krauser 's plan reach fruition . I assure you , the plan will be a success , Commander ! Recently a large number of Death Force machines ... have been consolidating here . And this is where we have applied the theories of the ESI unit ... and created a signal which sends out pseudo-life signs . In other words , it appears to the Death Force ... as if a city of 14,000 inhabitants suddenly materialized . But they won 't find any humans . It is merely a mirage in the desert . Now is the time to destroy them all , with a Jignix bomb . Theoretically , it can atomize anything within a four-kilometer radius . But there is just one problem . We have only completed one preliminary Jignix bomb . It is divided into several sections ... which need to be assembled to make the complete bomb . Both the assembly and the setting of the self-destruct mechanism ... must be done manually , at the scene . The activity of the Death Force will make it a dangerous place . The time has come to completely destroy this evil . We must collect all the fighting ability and skill remaining on this planet , to carry out this , our final operation . We will be one-hundred percent effective . Believe in me . I believe in those glorious last moments of a hero . Here are all the firesticks . I brought a motorcycle , too . You can blow out of this ship at any time ! Do you know what Mr. Bigshot 's plan is ? I saw it on the ship-wide broadcasting . Great ! Are you going to kill him ? If you don 't ... Why are you helping me ? What 's your goal ? I owe you one . Don 't worry about me . Besides , I have a feeling that when you get enraged , you 'll send all these pathetic creatures straight to hell . Look at me ; do you know what I am ? I 've had to slave away for them my whole life . They collect garbage and just leave them here . They wouldn 't care if anybody uses them . Okay . You can go now . I 've been looking forward to this big fireworks show . The Death Force has stopped moving . It 's as you expected . Since they 're unsure of their target , they 're avoiding expending energy . But don 't get careless . Is it safe for us to be this close ? We 're five kilometers away . We won 't feel the bomb at all . I 'm relieved to hear that . Before he comes back here , I 'll put an end to everything ! With the Death Force gone , there is no more need for Krauser . That fool , thinking he , an experimental warrior , is the savior of this planet ! The operation is complete . It will explode in 30 minutes . Good . Evacuate to the safety zone . Everyone , extend your wings . John , what 's wrong ? Open your wings . Spread out ! Get as far as possible away from here ! - Krauser ! - But how ? ! Now we continue . Emergency ! It 's Geist ! The monster has reappeared ! He 's the God of Death ! You rabid dog ! You don 't know what bad timing you have ! Hurry ! Rescue the Captain , no matter what ! Die ! It should be simple for me to kill him , with my power ! What the hell ? The ESI unit ? How did you get that ? ! Stop , Geist ! Stop ! Stop it ! Damn it ! What are you up to ? Stop ! Turn back ! Mr. Krauser can handle this by himself ! If we go in , it will only be difficult for us to get out in time ! Damn ! How could he ? Those bastards from the regular army ... A large group of Death Force units is rapidly approaching . They 're charging straight for the main ship ! Prepare to welcome them ! All soldiers , stand ready in battle formation ! Stop it ! I can see something in the middle of the light ! Shoot him ! Shoot to kill ! It 's beginning . It 's burning . My castle is burning ! Have I lost ? No ! I can 't have ! I will win ! I must not lose ! Open up ! Open the door ! I don 't want to be sent to hell from here ! Lord Krauser ! It 's him ! It 's really him ! Save us , Lord Krauser ! - Please , help us , Lord Krauser ! - My people ... There 's a ton of monsters below ! Help us ! Save us ! We don 't want to die ! Everyone , calm down ! Out of my way , idiots ! It can 't be ! I couldn 't have ! You 're not qualified to be a hero . You demon ! How dare you ! I 'll send you to hell ! When we were tied up in the darkness And everyone seemed to be an enemy I saw trying to escape through the window You , the dying person Answer again ... Again from somewhere I hear your voice Answer again ... How much Are you going to hurt me ? Who do you hurt ? What did you lose ? But you can 't destroy it You can 't love anyone You can 't ask for anything That 's right ... Only lonely soldier Who do you protect ? What did you obtain ? The end of desire in this world No one can cure it Nothing changes That 's right ... Only lonely soldier When we were tied up in the darkness And everyone seemed to be an enemy I saw trying to escape through the window You , the dying person Answer again ... Again from somewhere I hear your voice Answer again ... How much Are you going to hurt me ? Who do you hurt ? What did you lose ? But you can 't destroy it You can 't love anyone You can 't ask for anything That 's right ... Only lonely soldier Who do you protect ? What did you obtain ? The end of desire in this world No one can cure it Nothing changes That 's right ... Only lonely soldier
