 My dear boy . Just imagine , I am working . And what 's strangest , it 's of some use to society . I measured the new day cycle : 7200 minutes by the old standard . It 's not senseless , as it first seems . Because the twilight is uniform . Even the Lord , when creating this world , had to orient himself in time . He invented the day cycle , because it encompasses variety within itself . I suggested a new measure of time : " one crepuscule , " because variety no longer exists in this world . Your mother and I stayed in the shelter beneath the museum , with her colleagues . Here we 'll wait for you . And we 'll only go to the central bunker together . The entrance from the street is open , but you have to go up the wall . Good morning . - What time is it then , may I ask ? - I don 't know . Then what are you ringing it for ? I feel that it 's morning . Did you turn on the ventilation ? It 's stuttering . - Then put on the mask . - Yes . Thank you . I 'll go turn it off . Dear Erick . Before all of us : your mother , and I , and even you turn into cosmic dust , as we are all mortal , we 'll live many more happy hours and days ! Even by my measurements . Your mother 's feeling much better today . We haven 't had such a nice talk in a long time , as we did just now . LETTERS FROM A DEAD MAN Screenplay : Konstantin Lopushanskii Vyacheskav Rybakov with Boris Strugatskii Directed by : Konstantin Lopushanskii Cinematography : Nikolai Pokoptsev Art Direction : Elena Amshinskaya Viktor Ivanov Music : Aleksandr Zhurbin Sound : Leonid Gavrichenko Editing : Tatiana Smorodinskaya Yurii Pavlov Cast : Rolan Bykov Iosif Ryklin Viktor Mikhailov Alexandr Sabinin Nora Gryakalova Vera Mayorova Vatslav Dvorzhetsky Vadim Lobanov Svetlana Smirnova Nikolai Alkanov Has the commission been here ? They 're here now . I 'm very worried . Lord , please save and protect us . Please take everything off and come in . I have to go . - Who 's in charge here ? - I am . Come over here . - How many people live in this place ? - Twelve . And everyone 's here ? Yes . Yes , everyone 's here . And this is our guest . No , no , I 'm not here for the inspection . I already have a pass . Where are their parents ? This is all that 's left of the orphanage . I had a shelter for 40 children . Almost all of them died . - So their parents are dead ? - Yes . They never say a word . I think they 're in still in a state of shock . I see . They 're in a stuporous state . They can understand almost everything . They just can 't talk . You . Yes , you . Get behind the screen . - Maybe we should start with the children ? - No . - It 's time for bed already ... Why ? - Don 't ask questions . What 's your name ? Look at me . Can you hear me ? Yes , it 's clear . Don 't include the children . Turn your back to me . Lift your arms . Put them down . Turn around . Get dressed . - Should I call the old man ? - No . - Listen , doctor . The children ... - Get out of my way ! Are you saying that you want to leave the children here ? I don 't want to do anything , I 'm following instructions ! Only children with their parents , and only those who are healthy . That 's impossible . You must understand what will happen to them if ... you leave them here alone . That 's not my responsibility . Everyone should do what 's required of them , and leave others to do the same ! You 're a doctor . You 're supposed to save lives . They 're going to die anyway . They 're ill . We can 't take care of the healthy , and you want to save the sick ! Please understand , even if I give them a pass , they will be stopped at the control . Children without their parents , and in a catatonic state ! I could be shot for giving out false passes . You 're forgetting that we 're in a military state . Enough ! The special services will take care of them . And you ? Who will take care of you ? What are you talking about ? You 'll leave them here , and then go hide in your bunker ? But the dead will come for you , sooner or later . They 'll sit there , right in front of you . How will you then look into their dead eyes ? How would you live with yourself ? And what service is going to help you then ? - How old are you ? - What difference does it make ? For you , quite a bit . Because we don 't need the decrepit , either . So please find your birth certificate if you want to get a pass , and shut up . You 're interfering with my work ! Everything you have said , or were about to say , I 've heard already . Ten times , twenty times , a hundred times ! Come over here ! You report the day after tomorrow . Bring nothing extra . A change of clothes , blankets , food , if you have any , nothing else ! I 'm not leaving without the children ! You have no right to do this ! Then don 't go . Nobody 's forcing you . It 's your choice to make . By the time of the catastrophe , there was not a single domain of human activity left that was not in a state of profound crisis . Science had focused itself upon the creation of means of mass destruction , each of which , by itself , was already capable of eliminating all life on the planet . Technology was systematically destroying the environment . Political relations had acquired an ambitiously paranoid character . The arts had become thoroughly antihumanistic , and instead of guidance , had become a tool of stupefaction , indulging the most base instincts of mankind . - Good morning . - Good morning . I feel like a completely new person . It 's simply incredible . I 'm adapting so well ! I only need to get used to the cold . I forgot to ask you , how 's your wife feeling lately ? Bad . Stand still . The commission doctor was talking about some kind of list in the central bunker . I came over , and they got quiet . Go . They didn 't want me to hear . I 'm very worried . We have children , after all ! We 're leaving today . What about you ? I don 't know . I haven 't decided yet . Yes . Here are some pills for her headaches . You 'll need to dissolve them in a little water . Thank you . It 's not good to laugh at the insane . He 's no more insane than the rest of us . What is this mess ? I asked you a question . I was trying to make sense of the seismic data . If war is everywhere , Then the explosions must have been recorded . And if not ... Then what ? Then it 's proof . Proof ? Do you think that if you find some proof , you can save the world ? Don 't you see what 's happening around you ? And what 's happening to me - you don 't notice that , either ? You know when you lost your mind ? When ? Even before all of this . After your findings . After the Nobel Prize . It 's possible . Drink the medicine . My son thinks that we should go to the central bunker tomorrow . After lunch . There may be confusion at the control . What do you think ? It 's possible . To be honest , none of this has penetrated the psyche yet . There was a book . " The Mole-Man . " Has anyone read it ? It 's interesting . How would you imagine an underground civilization , I 'd like to know ? It 's true . It 's a serious moral dilemma . But what can one do ? This is our only chance . There 's nothing left . I disagree ... I don 't believe that the world is finished . Yes . Are you quite serious ? Yes , quite . I have made this into a logical problem . So far I only have 25 hypotheses . But each one can be tested . It will take time , of course . Yes . I read a scientific book . It said that a human being evolves very quickly . He can adapt to anything . Yes , absolutely anything . It 's only necessary that the body can breathe . The skin has to be uncovered . Do you understand ? Well , I decided to try it . I 'm already doing breathing exercises . - What , am I saying something stupid ? - Yes . Drink this , you 'll feel better . It 's an analgesic . Yes , yes , just like that . Wait , wait . Just a little more . Do you have a photograph of Eriсk ? No , of course not . He died on the streets . - Burned to death . - How could you know that ? I saw it in a dream . Try to sleep anyway . Go ... Don 't wait for me ... Attention ! Any exit to the surface during curfew hours is forbidden . Those who possess a permit must carry it on their person at all times . Attention ! Movement through the tunnels of internal services during curfew hours is strictly forbidden . I repeat ... A week ago , you could get painkillers on the black market . One can will get you an ampule . Try going there . Just be very careful . During the curfew , they shoot without warning . That 's all we can do for Anna . And the Eskatamon ? What about it ? It 's not medicine , it 's only a stimulant . Have you found anything out ? We 've received orders to evacuate to the central bunker . - We 're leaving today . - And the military ? What about them ? Is it really possible that they still don 't know anything ? Nothing at all . They have their instructions . - And what do those say ? - All the same things . Evacuation to the central bunker , deep conservation . And so forth . And what does that mean ? 30 years under the surface , maybe 50 . And maybe eternity . Everything 's finished . Our planet is uninhabitable . That 's not possible . Call it what you want - sense , intuition . I don 't have a positive hypothesis yet , but I just feel it , do you understand ? It 's simply not possible . It 's impossible to believe it . My entire family burned to death . Is that possible ? I don 't know . There 's something wrong with my head . Maybe even amnesia . I ... Need ... To concentrate on a problem , I need to find a hypothesis . I don 't know what ... I need . Fresh mountain air and total rest . I need medicine . Some kind of analgesic . - What do you have there ? - Canned goods . - Meat ? - Yes , from the army supplies . They were kept in the cellar . - Come with me , but don 't try anything . - Yes , I understand . A raid ! I repeat : if you show any resistance , we will open fire . Please allow me ... Please allow me to express ... On behalf of the remaining museum staff , our deepest , most heartfelt condolences concerning the untimely death of your wife . Dear Eriсk . Some claim , that children live with the joy of discovery and wonder . I on the other hand am convinced , that in the best of times a child lives with fear . In my childhood , this fear was of steam engines . They said , that as a small child , I saw how a steam engine ran into a cow . I don 't remember this , but in my worst nightmares , a giant black steam engine would pursue me . My feet were glued to the ground , and I 'd wake up screaming . Now I 'm having this dream again . I 'm standing on the tracks in front of it . And I 'm the one behind the controls . I 'm racing towards myself , and can 't do anything . My life , and my science became this black , merciless engine , which we ran into humanity . How many people have I imagined behind its controls ! From the great Bohr , to our own president . But the worst dream , Erick , is when you 're the one standing on the tracks ... My dear boy ! If something happens to me or your mother , although it 's quite unlikely , I 've asked that we be buried by the red cabinet with the Egyptian urns , to the left of the entrance to the repository . Yesterday , after our memorable debate , I took it upon myself to draft up a message of sorts , to a future civilization which will someday , I dare to hope , rise up from what remains of this bed of ashes . Excuse me , colleague , but I do not quite understand . To whom is this addressed ? I don 't know . It doesn 't matter . To anyone ... To whoever takes our place . Extraterrestrials . Mutants . Mutants ? Please excuse me , I really must go . Lots of work to do . Excuse me . I suppose , father , that we should postpone the discussion of the text until tomorrow . Yes . It 's not fit to do it now . On such a grim day . It 's time to finally admit that the entire history of mankind is a history of the prolonged suicide of a living matter , which a cosmic coincidence had endowed with the capacity to reason , and which did not know what to do with this accidental , fatal capacity . Period . And did not find a better use for it , than the creation of ever more effective means of committing total suicide . Period . From the memorable rope of Judas ... I can 't stand this anymore ! ... to the appearance of the neutron bomb , genetic , biological , and the devil only knows what other types of weapons . What wonderful progress ! The flowering of reason ! Period . Robbery ! That is the essence of science . But after all , there 's some truth in what he 's saying . What do you mean ? If our values have been destroyed , it 's because they were baseless . Under the surface , we 'll create a new humanity . We 'll give it new values , and new commandments . Hate those close to you . Hate those far from you . Hate yourself . I can imagine what you 'll create . I understand you . This is foreign to you . You remind me very much of my father . Please excuse my frankness , but you are the last humanists . How would you call it . A dying species of mammoths . It 's time for me to go . ... a couple dozen pictures , several hundred books , and a few records . Here are your works of art ! On the other hand ... I 'll come with you , father . ... mountains of corpses and rivers of blood . What 's up there is the museum ! What we have here is a pitiful forgery . It 's time to finally admit , that we failed miserably . That we disgraced ourselves , without managing to utilize even a fraction of what was given to us by nature . And if there is a God , he must be looking down on us with disgust and revulsion . Nothing but arrogant presumptuous apes . That 's what we are ! Dear Erick . I 'm doing a lot of work , and am close to understanding a quite amusing thing , which is important for all of us . There are many unimportant things interfering with my work , like ... For example ... I 'm absolutely certain , that I really heard the operator in charge of the electronic center scream : " There 's a computer error ! Call off the missile launch ! " Yes , just like that : " Call off the missile launch ! " They said later that he had coffee in his mouth and had choked on it . In any case , he was late by exactly seven seconds . Just seven ... There is something magical about this number , it seems , even if you disregard the banalities . I remember his face , by the way . He walked by me in the corridor , a big drop of sweat on his nose . He was smiling as he walked , unbuckling his belt . He hung himself in the bathroom . He knew that there were exactly fourteen minutes left . Why did this terrible wind sweep over the whole world starting here , of all places , in our poor city ? Why , Erick ? Your son is not registered here . Wait ! Wait , there must be some mistake . - You ... Can you hear me ? - Yes . The registration isn 't finished yet ? Please wait , I can 't hear anything . What are you saying ? The instructions forbid any exit to the surface . I 'm begging you . The guards operate under your command . Not any longer . There is a new procedure from this morning . The guards no longer follow orders , only instructions . I understand . But I have to return to the surface ! It doesn 't matter how ! Erick 's up there ! And Anna . Until any change in directive , only the dead can return to the surface . Please call back . Do you understand ? No . We can only get you out through the tunnel used for mortuary services . - Will you risk it ? - Of course . Be careful at the control ! Somebody ! A gas mask ! Please ! Please let me into the children 's ward ! - Even the nurses try to stay away from there . - But he 's in there ! - Don 't be insane ! - I feel it - I know he 's in there , and you 're not letting me through ! There are no children there his age ! Please , just let me in - you can 't understand , you 're not a father ! So go ! Just go ! Let him through ! And so , judging by the course of events , the history of mankind has come to a close . It seems then , that it 's time for us to take stock of our situation . I believe that we should do this calmly , without vulgar affectations . Today I would like to speak with you as a dead man to the dead . In other words , candidly . Please allow me to present to you a small defense of humankind as a biological species . It was a tragic species , perhaps doomed from the beginning . Our magnificent and fatal destiny lay in our determination to jump ahead of ourselves . To become better , than nature had intended for us to be . We found it in ourselves to have compassion , although this contradicted the laws of survival . To experience the feeling of human dignity , although we always trampled it beneath our feet . Create divine works of art , knowing full well their uselessness and fragility . We found it in ourselves to love . My Lord , how difficult that was ! The merciless forces of time would decay the body , the mind , and the emotions . But man continued to love , and love created the arts . The arts , which captured our unearthly longing for an ideal , our endless despair , and our universal scream of terror . The scream of thinking creatures abandoned in the cold and indifferent desert of the cosmos . Here , behind these walls , we have uttered many words of hatred , derision , and ridicule towards mankind . But I will not cast a stone at it today . No . What I would like to say is this . I loved humanity . And I love it even more , now that it has perished , precisely because of its tragic fate . And my dear colleagues , I want to say to you ... I want to say to all of you , that I love you . Everyone has their own leap of consciousness . Perhaps this was mine . I would like you to know this . I 'm going to go back to my room now , and that will be the end of me . After all , we 're all grown up . And death is not so frightening , once - everything- has perished . But wait , please ... Are you really ? .. My son has understood me , and has forgiven me . I hope , that you will also understand me , and will not judge my decision . Dear Lord , please forgive me . Please allow me ... to express ... my most deepest , most heartfelt condolences regarding the untimely death of your father . I have never met a man who devoted himself so ... fully to the arts . You have the full right to ... Everyone has gone beneath the surface . An exodus ! On the deserted earth , under a cold and empty sky . Do you agree ? No ? A pity ... Haven 't seen you for a long time ! I thought you were a goner , now that it 's become fashionable . But don 't be offended ! You have a wonderfully healthy glow about you . I found the Greiffer reference book for you - the seventh volume , as you 'd asked . the eighth , sadly , is gone . Thank you . I was thinking , by the way . While looking for proof that the world is not yet finished is quite amusing and interesting , it is a foolish idea and unworthy of you , professor ! What proof could there possibly be ? It 's quite amusing , really . Remember , the one who came to save humanity , saying that it had perished - and that was two thousand years ago ! He came to save those who had perished , or I think that 's what he said , anyway . Do you want me to tell you a secret ? There was no war . It happened just as it was prophesied , here . The Apocalypse ! Everything was programmed ! From birth to death - everything was programmed , the hour and the day ! That 's why astrology was always on the mark . Everything was prophesied with absolute accuracy ! .. My dear Erick . Today I got up , dressed myself , and within an hour solved the Dan Cooper equation . Of course , this means little to you . But my Institute wrestled with it for over thirty years . Something 's happening to the gray matter in my brain . I only need 11 data tables . With them , I could probably calculate the probability of the continued survival of living matter . I could only find three . It turns out , that the military reference manuals are now priceless on the black market because of the thick cardboard binding and natural paper . In the indirect heating systems , they give off more heat . As you can see , literature has acquired an entirely new value now . Lately I 'm having the same dream , over and over . A bottle with soda water that I didn 't finish drinking . Why ? I went to the shelter . I tried to find you . They wouldn 't take the children . I decided to bring them here , to you . You did the right thing . Of course . You can 't imagine , what 's happening in the central bunker . There are so many people there . I only have a 24-hour pass . I must come back . I understand . And the pastor ? He 's gone . We have to leave . Get your things . You know that I 'm staying . - Well , we 're very sorry to leave you here . - Goodbye . I 'll come right back . I 'll bring some firewood . I 'm coming right back . You don 't believe me ? Don 't worry , I 'll come back . Let 's go to sleep . It 's getting late . Dear Erick . I 've wanted to write to you for a long time about that disgusting September night . You walked in as your mother was yelling , and hit me on the face . Youth is not capable of mercy and understanding . But you have the ability to analyze . Maybe that will help you to understand . I always loved and love your mother . And your mother loved me . Nothing else is important . Today , by my record , is the seventh crepuscule of the first month of snow . That means that today is Christmas . On this evening , and you must remember this , people have always tried to bring joy to one another . Give each other gifts , treat a friend to something tasty , or just sit in the warmth of the night . Talk to each other . And then , everyone would go outside , to gaze at the first star . And those who saw it were happy . And all of their wishes would come true . We 'll also go out today , to meet the first star . The snow is falling . It always snows on this day . Well , should we light up the tree ? Now we have a real Christmas tree . Dear Erick . It seems to me , that with willpower , and the fact that I 've once again found a purpose to my life , I 've regained control over my by now destroyed organism . It 's also ... Very important to me ... Erick , my dear boy . Please don 't leave me alone in this world . And it happened on the sixth day from the beginning of the end of the world . Theresa took them to a different place , as the pastor had said it would happen , and left them there . And they were taken in by a man , who did not give them his name . And the pastor 's prophecy again came true . And the oldest of the children wrote it down in his journal . As had been taught by the pastor . And wrote down everything , that happened in those days , until the great day of the exodus . And so it happened . On the day of the great celebration of Christmas , he gathered everyone by the tree , and lit the candle , and taught them . He said this : " Remember : the world has not died . " That is what he taught . And he took them outside that evening , to look at the first star . And said : " Look . Now we 'll see the star . " But there were no stars in the sky . Because the world had been covered with darkness . And on that night , he lay down by the furnace , and didn 't get up again . And he said : " I 'm going to die soon . " That is what he said . And then the oldest among them came up to him and said : " May I ask you a question ? " " Go ahead , " he said . " No , " said the oldest among them . " We know that a human being tells lies his entire life , and only before death begins to tell the truth . We 'll wait until you begin to die . " " Ask your question , " he said . " It 's time . " And they all came up to him , and looked him in the eyes . And the oldest among them asked : " Did you tell us the truth today ? Do you believe in what you told us ? " " Keep going , " he said . " Keep going , as long as you have the strength . Because as long as a human being walks on , he has hope . " " There lies before us , if we choose , continual progress in happiness , knowledge , and wisdom . Shall we , instead , choose death , because we cannot forget our quarrels ? We appeal as human beings to human beings : Remember your humanity , and forget the rest ! " B. Russell , A. Einstein , F. Joliot-Curie , ... From the manifesto addressed by the prominent scientists of the world to the governments of powerful nations . ( Russell-Einstein Manifesto ) THE END
