 MORNING PATROL A film by Nikos Nikolaidis Last night , I dreamed I went back to Mandele I dreamed that I walked through the big iron garden gate ... with the rusty rails ... and started walking the big alley expanding in front of me The road was now a narrow , dilapidated path Unlike the way we used to know it The cobblestone was covered with weed ... dampness and twigs And then , suddenly , the house appeared in front of me ... and I stopped there , because that was Mandele Our own Mandele . Silent , And full of mystery , as always With its grey stones shining in my moonlit dream When i don 't sleep , and live in fear I think of Mandele without any feeling any bitterness These images will never perish For they are memories that don 't hurt I know all this when I 'm dreaming Because , like all of us I know too that I 'm dreaming One thing is certain : We can 't go back The past is still too close We no longer have secrets between us Everything is shared and I don 't mean Mandele Because this place is no longer ours There is no Mandele anymore . I must continuously speak , otherwise I will die I have to continuously walk , even on the roadside , being in dager of stumbling upon the morning patrol For if I stop , I will sleep never to wake up again , like so many of us For something happened to me as I was returning home after all these years And I 'm no longer the same That 's all I remember The most stupid question one can ask on this earth , is ... " Where the hell did everybody else go ? " Sometimes I see them from afar , crossing the hills and descend towards the west They die going west Or they kill eachother for a little water Or stumble upon the death squads The Black Jack on the Red Queen The Black Ace on three , this is how it has to be done Now I find myself kilometers away from home In a land that seems foreign to me and in a few minutes , I might wake up to find myself killed on the roadside Last spring , I felt very tired and I realized that I had started to get old So we are in mid-winter and things are now worse than they were back then I have a coat , a knife , and I feel very bad I think that I might once use to have a man Or maybe I was living with my parents My father , who must be dead by now Our world is now a grave And in its ruins , our fear and our pain is buried What does it matter where you are , if you 're dead In the murky waters , or high up in a marble tower , what does it matter You 're dead , and you don 't care about anything anymore Gasoline and water , it 's like the wind to you . You sleep the big sleep , without caring for all this dirt So I left him , and took the road that led to the great bridge You however must stay away You have to stay lying in your peaceful beds With a heart that beats with a short and uncertain whisper and with your thoughts grey like ash Because you too will soon sleep the big sleep Because this place is no longer ours There is no Mandele anymore When I was fifteen , and my folks came to the island for the summer , There were not so many homes , not so many people Back then , we had not noticed how beautiful the island and its sea was That summer of ' 42 , I spent together with Osk and with my friend Benji They used to call us " The Infamous Trio " And high upon the hill was his house , and nothing since that day I saw him , And nobody since then ever made me feel so scared and confused Because nobody in my life did more to make me feel more confident , more insecure , more important , and more unimportant That summer of ' 42 I lost him and I never got to know what happened to him We are different Children were different back then It took us some time until we understood our feelings Life was made of little things that came and went For everythign we gained , we always left something else behind In the summer of ' 42 , we did 4 raids , on the Coast Guard camp . We saw 5 films , and we had 10 days of rain Benji broke his watch Osk quit harmonica and I , in some wonderful way , lost myself We always spoke of a trip that never took place , away from the calm sea and in the end , alone , ready to depart , I asked nothing , I knew nothing I just left my body move forward We used to speak about some other trip I was twelve , I was sixteen and my heart used to beat loud on the sand dunes Back then , when I thought I was prepared for everything , apart from the fear of this nightmare However this music still exists That kept me company all the way to my exit from my childhood Mixed with the sound of the sea With fingers tight on closed eyes I can still see , red , the wildfires , and the explosions of the sun and my hands full of blood and the image of a body that disappears into the dark It all comes back to me , with time . A Led Toy Soldier blocked my way I told him a fairytale , and he let me , and I passed But the music is no longer the same , and the sea of another era and there , I find them all again , without names The night is the best hour for running Here , you 'll find nothing but shadows of people , skeletons of humans Houses wide open , with white curtains on windows Here , I am waiting for you When I was fifteen , and my folks came to the island for the summer , There didn 't use to be so many houses and so many people I often see their faces emerge from the dark approaching me I then turn around and go meet them But it 's too late in the afternoon , and the sun is going down , and the darkness spreads quickly and then there are no faces anymore , and then there is no sea anymore There is nothing and I , I am no longer there I found a dead man , and I took it from him Did you perhaps help him a little too ? - Help him in what ? - To die . He was dead when I found him You mean , killed . yes ... What should I do ? I had to get through . And now you got through , what 's the big deal ? The big deal is , there 's food here . A home to sleep ... There is water . I had to get inside . They die outside , I 've seen them - What happened here ? - What happened here ... Same that happened everywhere else . Where do you come from ? I don 't know ... I only remember walking . I crossed some hills , and some ruins . Outside the hills , there are dead people . Mandele ... Mandele , have you heard of it ? I 'm probably coming from down there ... Last night I dreamed ... that I went back to Mandele I thought I crossed the big iron gate What 's wrong with your hand ? I don 't know ... It looks like it 's burned , I found it like this I must be ill ... Oil and water , they 're like the wind to you Please tell me , what happened ? Don 't you remember anything ? Nothing . I only remember walking Where to ? West . To the sea . Why ? There is no sea to the West ? That 's what they all say . They all go west for the sea . But nobody came back to tell us if there is a sea to the West ... Why did they not come back ? Because nobody reaches that far . Down there it might be worse than here Worse ? In what way ? Worse death ... Can 't you remember anything ? Nobody does ... Is this bicycle yours ? How long have you been following me ? Ever since you entered the city ... What are you ? This is what I want to find out too ... Now I 'm in the Morning Platoon And the gun ? What do you have it for ? For killing ... It 's a solution For whom ? For all of us . Then why did you let me live ? I haven 't ... not yet ... But then , you might be able to remember something ... And if I remember , I will live ... You will let me live , that is ... If all goes turns out well for you , you need two days to get out of the city If the third day you 're still alive and still inside ... I will have to kill you myself ... That is my job ... This will help you go west ... Stay away from Cinemas ... Food stores , phone booths ... They 're all traps . Night time is the best time for running ... Do you have a name ? Why ? Do you need one to kill me ? What if I kill you first ? Who knows ... You might take my place in the Morning Platoon But for this to happen , you 'll first need these ... Three days from now ... Ok ? ... But the moonlight knows how to play strange games ... To somebody who is dreaming ... As I stood there however , silent and still , I could swear that the house was no longer an empty shell ... but it lived and breathed like it once used to . Don 't look for your medicine , it 's on the table . Stop playing , I need those things . Ok ... What do you want ? You will get me out of the city . And you 'll give me back my things . You know , I could even kill you ... Yes , but then , who will get you out of the city ? How long is it since it started ? What ? That pain of yours . I don 't know ... A couple of weeks ... It started with cold and aching bones . And then , fever . You were moaning all night . You will get me out of the city . - It 's not easy . - You will make it easy . There are only a few exits in the city , and they are all well guarded . Besides ... I have to report daily . If I haven 't shown up by tomorrow , the hunted will become two ... Hunted by whom ? The Morning Patrol . I will keep the medicine . When I 'm out of here , they will be yours . - What are you doing there ? - You will listen ... Morning Patrol , Code 33 , Alpha Sector . Identification . I report four dead in the Cinema , borders between Three and Four . - Charge them to 33 . - You killed them ... Let 's get out of here ... My throat ached ... But the fingers touching it felt nothing ... As if it was somebody else 's fingers ... Like the fingerst that get sent to you by the post . Together with the special ID card , the badge , and the graduation certificate . The world outside was dark ... and something red ... that gathered like a germ under the microscope lens ... Then nothing ... Only darkness and desolation and a load of traps ... The long and silent night had just begun ... I never understood , why death in the tunnels always smells of honey suckle , and heads westwards ... Nevertheless , I 'll get you out of the city ... Dead or alive , it doesn 't matter . In a coffin bound with thick black wires On a moonless night , hot and humid . I could kill you anytime I wish ... But when somebody holds a gun against your back ... you 're supposed to do as told ... Later , I will let her to be treated by hands dirtier than mine ... Her eyes were a deep blue ... Looking at me , but not seeing me ... Why did you stop ? " From Center to A19 " There 's a guard upstairs . Why don 't you lead the way , since you have the gun ... - Move ! - If they kill me , who 'll get you out of here ? The guy who kills you . Move ! " This is Center again ... Calling A19 ... " Not possible . " This is Center to A16 and A17 ... Gap in sector West-5 . " " Find A19 . His last report came from sector 5 . " Stop where you are ! Wait for me here ... " This is A16 to Center ... I take over coverage of sector 5 in 20 minutes . " This is A17 to A16 . Meeting point : the bridge . " " This is Center to A16 and A17 . " " This is A16 to Center . Contact at bridge , 19 dead . " " Building coverage in 10 minutes . " Let 's get out of here , or else we 'll get cornered . Are you sure we haven 't met before ? Where ? East ? Yes ... What 's down East , that you speak of ... ? " This is A17 to A16 ... " " I take over coverage of Building - West . " " Come to White Frequency - 3 " " This is Center to Frequency . " Can 't you remember anything ? " Proceed to Main Entrance with contact every 2 minutes . " " This is A16 - Input received . " Let 's go ... You must remember something ... You had a house on the hill ... I used to watch you from afar ... I don 't remember anything ... Neither have I a scar that reminds me of anything . Nor photographs ... Or anything forgotten in my pockets . And the clothes I wear , must belong to somebody else . Only , I fear death . My death . Dark waters ... Footprints of the drowned ... And skulls without eyes ... The last water I drank , had a strange taste . The river is still far away , and time started running again . I often see her face coming out of the dark , approaching me ... I then turn and go to meet her . But it is too late in the afternoon , and the sun is vanishing ... And darkness is falling fast , and there is no face anymore . Then there is no river , there is nothing . And I 'm no longer there . Those who tried to cross this city , Were taken out in a coffin , bound with thick black wires . On a moonless night , sweet and humid . And something red that gathered like a germ under the microscope lens . I 'm wondering where she might have hidden my medicine . Definitely close to the house where we slept ... She might even carry them on her ... She might even know how fast she will need them too ... So , on the way to the city , I went down to the bar , and drank two double Whiskeys . Didn 't do much to me ... The only thing they did , was to bring back to my mind The platinum girl . Which I will never see again in my life " This is Center to A16 and A17 ... Come to White Frequency 2 . " " This is A16 to Center in Frequency 2 . A19 was found dead . " " Unknown cause of death . His medicine is not there . " " Awaiting orders " " This is Center to A18 " . " Return to Base . Replacement of the dead with A17 . " It 's pointless to ask . Everytime you ask what happened here , You find yourself with a black marble slab on your face And the blood gushing out of your belly And your fingers turning into white wax We need fresh water and a little luck Dead or alive , it makes no difference to me . In any case , I 'll get you out of the city , if all goes well . Are you in pain ? Not yet . Cold , and aching bones . And then fever . Isn 't it how it starts ? Let me have a look at it ... Hold here . - Does it hurt ? - No . Now it did . Have you killed many ? No ... Women ? Including you , four , maybe five . I have to be away for a few hours . Where will you go ? Work . I 'll come with you . Not possible . I want to see ... How you kill ... I want to see you . Don 't worry , I 'll come back . I promised to you that I 'll get you out of the city . Ok ? After all , if I don 't do something , they 'll start looking for me . I have a quota of one person per day . If by tomorrow I haven 't done anything , they 'll start considering me a suspect . Therefore , I have to go out tomorrow . What if they kill you ? You will continue to the West . You 'll take me with you tomorrow . Now I have to sleep . Mind you , we 'll find the sea ... Do you see anything ? There is nobody . Keep looking , somebody will show up . This is a pass . Everybody is looking for a phone that is ringing . What 's up ? Nothing ... Something is moving ... Where ? Back there , to the right , in the car ... Let him first show himself . There is nothing ? Forget about me , look up ... " This is Center to Sectors 5 , 6 , and 7 " . " Connect to emergency frequency " " This is sector 5 to Center . " " A-Units and Central in emergency frequency . " " This is Center to 5 , 6 , and 7 . " " Seek A33 . " " Refusal of entry to West Sector , and preemptive arrest . " " This is 5 and 6 central . We expect entry of A33 . " " This is A6 and A7 . " " We enter emergency frequency . " " From Western Center , to all A-Units . " " Morning Patrol in Emergency mode . " What do we do now ? We move a bit farther in Sector 5 , and then we go back to Sector 3-4 . 3 and 4 is back . We 'll cross the railway tracks , and we will leave through the river . " To all Centrers and A-Units : " " Maintain radio silence for the next 30 minutes - Over and Out . " Now it 's our turn to sing ... This is 33 calling Center ... 33 calling Center ... " This is Center to 33 . Justify position and means of transportation . " Registered trap in Phone booth Sector 5 . Dead woman , to be charged in 33 . " This is Center to 33 . Return immediately to your Sector , and go directly to Central . " Contact in 4 hours . Registered traps in Sector 6-2 . From 33 , Over and Out . " From 5-Central to Center 6 and 7 . Trap in Phone booth registered to 33 confirmed " " Dead man with neck and hand wound , unknown executor and registration . " Come to white Frequency . Circuit 33 is under surveilance . I 'm listening . Don 't go to Sector 6 , they are after you . I know . Final destination : Three to four . - And then ? - Don 't laugh ... Some people in here claim that there is a sea , and they have a gun ... Do you need help , perhaps ? No . Tell them you never saw me . Because things will get worse . You didn 't see me either . Get out of the road , because in the Western exit , they have set up a roadblock for you . What about the old airport ? They closed it a short while ago . Get out of the road quickly . Ok , Over and Out . Why did we stop here ? What time is it ? It is broken ... As soon as it gets dark , we 'll start again . Are you ok ? The river is still far away , and time has started running again . I simply could feel it , because I had no watch . Besides , watches are not made to measure this kind of time ... I often see her face coming out of the dark , approaching me ... I then turn and go to meet her . But it is too late in the afternoon , and the sun is vanishing ... And darkness is falling fast , and there is no face anymore . Then there is no river , there is nothing . And I 'm no longer there . What is this ? Cyanide Why ? In 5 seconds you get away from this nightmare They say that within these few seconds , you see your whole life But you 're already too far away to shout at the others about what had happened The river is 4 kilometers ahead of you In the dark , you 'll slip through easily . I 'll cover you till the tributary . After that you go on on your own I was sitting there watching him slowly die I don 't know why he finally saved my life Maybe because he also believed in the sea . We will be both tormented by the same questions , for ever . Where I come from , where I 'm going , and how much time do I have left , to live What does it matter anymore ? Oil and water , are the same like the wind to you . Now you sleep the big sleep . Without worrying for all this dirt . His eyes were looking at me , but were not seeing me . Dead or alive , I 'll get you out of the city . I could already hear the patrol aproaching us Don 't think that I quit . I know this is my last chance . And if they 're going to get me back , they won 't get me alive . There are so many stories about us . They say that after the river , down at the valley of death , When the moon is gone , 7 angels pray for those who leave the city . And when the battle is over , and the smoke dissolves , we get to the sea . alive or dead , it doesn 't matter . Don 't think I quit . Do you have a name ?
