 Kin-Dza-Dza ! PART ONE screenplay by Revaz GABRIADZE Georgi DANELIYA directed by Georgi DANELIYA camera and staging by Pavel LEBESHEV music by Giya KANCHELI Starring : Stanislav LYUBSHIN as Vladimir Nikolaevich " Vovka " Mashkov aka " Uncle Vova " Evgeni LEONOV as Uef ( " Chatlan " ) Yuri YAKOVLEV as Be ( " Patzak " ) Levan GABRIADZE as Gedevan aka " Fiddler " - Hi - Hi - How was your day ? - Pipes burst at Manukhin 's building site [ Unknown and long-forgotten song from an old movie With exquisitely dumb lyrics ] " Mama , mama , what shall we do now ? Winter 's coming . Freezing all day long " " You could use a warmer woolen scarf , and I don 't have a winter coat at all " - How 's our ' excellent student ' ? - He 's out with friends Vovka ! Go buy some bread . I forgot Oh , and buy some noodles too Comrade , that man over there says he 's from another planet . We have to do something Just report him I will , but he 's almost barefoot he 'll catch a cold - How do you do ! - How do you do Please excuse the bad smell - It 's cold here . I found this in a container - Way to go ! Friend ! Please tell me your planet number in Tenture , or at least the galaxy number in The Spiral I engaged the wrong keys and now I can 't return home Well , my dear fellow ... We don 't remember the number Look , let 's send this guy to the information office , and we 'll wait for him together in the bakery , okay ? - You can put these on - Uh-huh ... Thank you Look , friends There 's no need for a bakery ... or information office This is my planet : Uzm , 247 in Tenture Galaxy Beta in The Spiral This is my space - transportation gadget But which keys should I engage to get transported home ? Since time is relative ... You do understand that , right ? OK , my friend . I have a proposition We " engage the keys " now ... and get transported to your place But if your little gizmo doesn 't work ... you will be transported to where we transport you . Deal ? No , you can 't do it without knowledge Sure we can And you , what do you see ? Huh ? - Sand ... - So the frickin ' gizmo worked And that freak with a grater , did he stay behind ? ! Keep calm ! Just keep calm We have sun , sand ... and we have gravity - Where are we ? We are on Earth , or ... - Or ? .. No , let 's assume we 're on Earth , in some desert . Right ? Say , Karakum . Huh ? What other deserts do we have ? - Gobi , Sahara ... - I said * we * have ! We also have ... Kyzylkum No We 'll assume it 's Karakum . Huh ? So , the sun is to the west , Ashgabad-city must be there Understood ? Let 's go Come on ! Let 's go Comrade , what is your name ? Vladimir Nikolaevich - My name is Gedevan - ' Pleased to meet you You have a bottle in your bag . Is it wine ? Nah ... It 's vinegar I also have some herbs and spices We 're all set then Vladimir Nikolaevich , do you remember the number he mentioned ? - The man I gave my sock to - No Maybe we 're on his planet ? Listen , Fiddler ... We can guess all we want That won 't change a frickin ' thing ! We 've chosen a direction and we keep walking We just need to get to the water . Clear ? Vladimir Nikolaevich , I want to change into slippers - Well , do it ! - Stop walking please ! - What time is it ? - Four - In the morning ? - In the morning Are you late for something ? It 's embarrassing ... I called from the airport , said I 'd be there in an hour , and ... - You study music ? - No . It 's not mine It was Maestro Ragosin He was on tour in my hometown , and after the concert ... they forgot to put the violin on the plane - Banquet ? - Nah , just a dinner - Oh ... Are you from Tbilisi ? - From Batumi [ in Georgia ] I thought I 'd return the violin and still catch the train to my college - I study Textile Manufacturing - Uh-huh ... I wanted to study International Relations in Moscow , but there they told me ... Quiet ! A man - " Koo " - Hello A capitalist country Do you speak any foreign languages ? English , a little French Tell them we have no money Tell them now ! It 's not a free show " Gentlemen ! Sorry , we haven 't money ... now " How do you do ! We are tourists We lost our group Please give us a ride to the nearest city , and we 'll find our way from there Translate Hello We have no money We left money , passports and foreign currency with our guide We stepped aside for a moment and got lost in the sands It 's yours . Very warm Sorry ? You want my hat ? Here you go It 's not mine , I can 't give it away - There 's nothing in there - Open it It 's not wine , it 's vinegar Sour , isn 't it ? So that 's settled then ? Friend , will you give us a ride ? Fiddler , hurry up Just to the nearest city , we 'll be all right there What ? my jacket ? Jerks ... Glad I didn 't give them the violin Looks like they 're sorry " Ketze " what ? I think he wants a match You want a match ? Here The whole box ? You get us out of here , and we 'll give you the " koo " Not a single letter , not a single " Made in " , heh ? Sorry , I don 't understand " Sprechen Sie Turkisch ? " What do they want ? It 's " koo " they want Thank you He wants me to put on a bell He 'll get over it I 'll put it on , Vladimir Nikolaevich It 's getting too awkward Whatever All right , you win I 'll just have a smoke Easy ! Easy there . Easy Vladimir Nikolaevich , maybe we are really on ... Yeah , typical Martians " Lucy darling , you pest ! You just had to have those noodles " So . You do speak Russian What was your motive for concealing it ? We didn 't conceal it It 's hard to penetrate your minds when you two think in different languages And this Patzak always speaks in languages he hardly knows ! What are you staring at ? " Maimuna verishvilla " - They speak Georgian , too ! - What did he say ? - " Monkey , son of a goat " - That 's it ! We are from the Soviet Union , here on a cultural exchange Everybody knows where we are Looking for us If you don 't put us in touch with the embassy ... you 'll be in serious trouble , got it ? We don 't understand " embassy " Quick , put the ' tzak ' back ! You understand " noodles " , and you understand " maimuna " , yet you don 't know " embassy " ? You poor things Enough ! Stop fooling us around ! Got it ? About noodles I simply said what you thought It 's not Earth , my dear fellow , and it 's not Africa It 's planet Pluk , 215 in Tenture Galaxy Kin-Dza-Dza in The Spiral . Got it ? Well hello , here we are Put the bell on , my friend Put it on Right ... Way to go - Excuse me , where have we landed ? - Shh ! He has very sharp ears - Do you know the Tenture of your planet ? - Tenture ? Well , tell us your galaxy number in The Spiral - In the spiral ? - Yes , yes , in The Spiral Well , Earth is there , you know ... Spinning next to such planets as ... Venus , Saturn , Mars , Jupiter ... - What else , Vladimir Nikolaevich ? - The Big Dipper Vladimir Nikolaevich , come over here - Do you have more matches on your planet ? - It 's possible How many will you give us if we put you there ? - How many do you need ? - Two full boxes like this one - Seven ! - Seven And give me all that you have here I will trade them for a ' gravitzapa' Excuse me , what is " gravitzapa " ? Well , without a gravitzapa , 'Pepelatz ' can only fly like this ... but add a gravitzapa and---to any place in the Universe ... in 5 seconds And you guys roll your Pepelatz out of the garage without a gravitzapa ... - That 's not right - We did have a gravitzapa ! But when we landed here , someone snatched it up - By any chance , do you have a space-transportation gadget ? - No . No - Give me the matches - Give us some water Like this ! Do like this ! Do like this ! Like this ! This is yours ; this is how you smoke now Thank you He says they have a gravitzapa - Put your matches here - Well , here 's the deal You put us on Earth , and you 'll get this , and this Hey ! Fiddler , let 's go for a ' little spacewalk' Stop ! Give it back ! - Give it back ! - Only on Mother Earth Vladimir Nikolaevich ! You said , if we take you to the city you will give us all of them And now you stole a match from us ! A Patzak shall not cheat another Patzak . That 's not nice ! I said , to the city ! - And what is this ? - It 's a barn And what is this ? and this ? and this here ? How is it not a city ? Hey , relax ! Show us your gravitzapa If it 's a major brand , we 'll take it Patzak ! Only a blockhead would take smuggled ketze in front of witnesses That 's ' etsikh ' for life , with nails ! Do you have ' kyou ' for brains or what ? We 'll buy it ourselves Let 's go Stop ! I said stop ! Who are you ? I said , who are you ? - ' Alien foreman - No , you are a Patzak - And who are you ? - I 'm Georgian No , you are also a Patzak You are a Patzak , you are a Patzak and he is a Patzak And I am a Chatlan , and they are Chatlans , so put on your tzak , and stay in the Pepelatz ! Got it ? Oh yeah ? Look at me , my friend This is a ' Visator' See the response , what color ? Green , isn 't it Now look at him . It 's green And the same with you , green Now look at Uef . What color ? Orange , isn 't it That 's because he is a Chatlan Understood ? - What ? - Pluk is a Chatlan planet So , we Patzaks , must wear tzaks Yes ! And before us Chatlans , you have to do this ! Vladimir Nikolaevich , this is overtly racist - Please , show it again - Like this ! - A bit slower , will you please - Like .. this ... Vladimir Nikolaevich ... You have a wife back home , a son struggling in school , ... and you are behind on your mortgage Yet here you are ... fooling us around There won 't be a happy ending for you , my dear fellow Here - OK . Fiddler , we 'll play their game - Way to go ! Now give the match to Uef , he 'll buy a gravitzapa - And he said he needed them all - I was joking Heh ... You guys are so funny ! - Koo ! - Wait ! Koo . We 'll go together Don 't show them any of your ketze Don 't even think about them Just show them my ketze And don 't give them more than half a match for the gravitzapa And your Patzak said it costs a whole match Shh ! He was joking too Cement series 300 , isn 't it ? - Patzak ! Remember , half or less - All right Excuse me , but what is " Chatlan " or " Patzak " ? Ethnicity ? No - A biological factor ? - No - People from different planets ? - No So how are they different ? Fiddler , are you color-blind or what ? Can 't you tell green from orange ? Tourist Hey ! A skyscraper ! Come on , let 's go Koo ! Do as I taught you Hi missy Must be chilly , in that poor coat ? They won 't let me in , they want you alone Don 't give them the ketze , bring the gravitzapa here , I 'll check it Go ! Stay ! - We 're together - Stay ! Vladimir Nikolaevich , tell him ! It 's all right Wait here Just don 't go anywhere Hi What 's up ? To squat , you say ? Well , out of respect for the ladies present Well ? What 's new on Pluk ? Put ketze here and you 'll get a gravitzapa - Only a half - Half it is - Can I take a look ? - Sure Actually I 'm not an expert on gravitzapas Let 's show it to my Chatlan , he 'll check it In a minute . We 'll just set up a ' tzapa' Sore throat ? Water I have a proposition I 'll give you the rest of this ketze for two bottles of water . Deal ? Deal Do you have food ? Porridge What kind ? Plastic Look I 'll give you this whole ketze for five bottles of water ... and a kilo of porridge - What 's this ? - Ketze - Now we have to check it again ... - Well , be my guest Hey , hang on a sec ! In a minute Fiddler , how about you , can you get matches on Earth ? Yes , I can If you can spit further than me , I 'll give you half a ' chatle' If I can spit further , you 'll owe me two matches - Understood ? - Nah ... It 's a simple game I bet half a chatle , you bet 3 matches - Here , kid . Spit - No , thank you Well , OK , you bet one match , I bet 3 chatles and yellow pants and I 'll give you a head-start like this . Come on - No - Blue pants ! Mr. Uef , under no circumstances will I do this Is that your final answer ? Then stop fooling me around " Maimuna verishvilla " ! Mr. Uef ! I represent a civilized planet and demand you to watch your vocabulary ! Yeah ! Where are they ? - Who ? - That one , with a scar I 'm a blockhead I gave him all the matches Gentlemen , stop it That 's enough Enough ? Enough ? I told him a thousand times we should fly to the Center But he is ... greedy like all Chatlans " Two chatles cheaper ... " Kyou ! Look , I have one left Should be enough for a gravitzapa , right ? Give it to me , please - What for ? - To buy a gravitzapa - Where ? - There , in the Center And how are you going to get us to Mother Earth ? It is spinning through space somewhere , and you don 't even know the galaxy We can get your planet number , you blockhead , ... from any planetarium in the Center for 2 chatles ! Give me the match , okay ? So that you could 'cover us up ' with sand ? - Will you give it to me ? - No - Is that your final answer ? - As final as it gets Farewell then , 'my dear fellow They will leave , Vladimir Nikolaevich No , they won 't . They 'd sell their own mother for a couple of matches Either you give us the match now , or we won 't put you on Earth for less than 7 matchboxes ! Two thousand Three - Two and three hundred - Three Two thousand five hundred Can 't give more Yes you can , my friend Mr. Be I have 50 rubles Matches cost 2 kopeks per box , so I can buy 2500 matchboxes Fiddler is fibbing ! He has more chatles Stop calling me " Fiddler , " Mr. Uef To you I am Gedevan Alexandrovich Is it the engine there ? Stop poking your nose into every hole 'Gedevan Alexandrovich' Gedevan , how about we tie these two scoundrels up and set a course north ? What for ? Maybe there 's Mediterranean Sea there , swashing and splashing Heh ... Vladimir Nikolaevich , are you nuts , my friend ? A sea ? on Pluk ? All seas have been used up long ago , to make ' luts' Excuse me , to make what ? Fuel , Fiddler . Fuel Here That would be 6140 matchboxes How come it 's so many already ? You stuff your face with porridge You drink water . Plus the " Widget " Cross the " Widget " out , we are not into widgets . Put it back Let 's take it . We need to bring a sample of technology , or no-one will believe us Then give them the violin , if you like the Widget so much It 's an Italian antique violin , worth a thousand rubles , if not more How will I ever pay for it Fiddler ! Instead of thinking that you are " the first Georgian cosmonaut " and that you " will get a Nobel prize " , return the spoon you stole from the poor artists I wasn 't thinking any of that I wanted to donate it to science , maybe it 's some new metal Heaven ! Heaven knows , Fiddler , you are a disgrace for all Patzaks I am very deeply saddened - Where are you going ? - To the toilet No money in the toilet Leave the money here , 'Gedevan Alexandrovich' - Ketze , my dear fellow , is very expensive - Why ? Well , there on Earth , how do you know how many times who has to squat and before whom ? We go by instinct ! Barbarians ! Look , I 've come to like you , so I 'll teach you If I have * a little * ketze , I have a right to wear yellow pants ... and Patzaks have to squat before me not just once , but twice If I have * a lot * of ketze I have a right to wear * pink * pants ... and not only do Patzaks have to squat before me twice ... but also Chatlans have to koo ! ... and Etsilops cannot beat me up at night ! Ever ! Um ... I have a proposition You , my dear fellow , give us the match now and later we will bring you yellow pants . Deal ? Thanks , I already have a pair Maybe Fiddler needs some ? Fiddler ! The aliens are peddling some pants here Yellow . Do you need any ? There is no Fiddler , my friend - Come again ? - I have ejected him Don 't worry , Vladimir Nikolaevich We have another ejection cabin That one was broken anyway What the hell I pressed the ' kappa ' , he flew away Fiddler isn 't needed He was a waste of fuel Turn back ! We can 't We 're out of luts , we have to fly to the luts station Turn back ! or I 'll burn this frickin ' ketze right here ! Gedevan ! Fiddler ! Fiddler ! - He couldn 't just disappear ! - I told you , he got busted by Etsilops - Now let 's go , my friend - I could just kill you ! Call the Etsilops on the radio ! We have no radio We had to throw it away I 'll have a look myself now ! Etsilop ! Put on your tzak , quick ! - You didn 't put on a tzak ! - He 'll cope Put it on ! or he 'll ' tranklukate' both you and the match ! How do you do ! Look , friend , we lost a guy around here . Did you see him ? What ? Oh , sorry , I forgot So did you pick him up ? I told you , Fiddler isn 't needed I told you ! How are we supposed to buy luts now ? How ? ! How ? ! - You , my dear fellow , are a pest ! - He is worse . He is a kyou ! I have a proposition We find Fiddler , ... and then we go to the local government Bring me some sand please We 'll tell them who we are and where we are from They will give us a gravitzapa , and we will organize a mutually beneficial trade You will send us yellow pants ... and we will send you ketze as much as you want No gravitzapa , no government ! The Government , my dear fellow , lives on another planet ! Uncle Vova ! I 'm here ! Here ! - Fiddler ! - Yeah ? Where is my ... um , what 's it called ... - Tzak ? - Well ? - I have it - Well give it to me - But why here ? - Just give it to me now But there is nobody around - That one is mine - So keep it at the ready ! - Are you asleep ? - No Don 't lose heart , Fiddler If there * is * a gravitzapa on this Pluk , we 'll find it We 've had it much worse Quiet ! Hey ! Stop ! Hey , would you give us a ride to the Center ? - Patzak ! Stop there - What ? Don 't come any closer - What do you want ? - Give us a ride to the Center ! Three chatles We have no money , but we 'll work for it What can you do ? - Me ? Anything ! - Be specific Vladimir Nikolaevich is a builder ! a foreman ! We 'll build you a house ! And what can * you * do ? Me ? He can play violin ! Play ! - Play - I can 't ! Bye , Patzaks ! Hey ! Missy ! Wait ! I can play ! Do play ! Here ? There ! Wait , I 'll sort out the sound Play And sing Okay , just a sec How does it go ... " Mama , mama , what shall I do " Wow ! What ? - I said wow - Heh ... People love it - What ? - People love it ! No - I could drum - How 's that ? Foreman ! Fiddler isn 't needed It 's okay , he won 't be a bother - Come on , give us some water , huh ? - I said , after the gig We could just take it By force Then you 'd have to beg us Ouch ! You touch me , and an Etsilop will come and rip your legs off Screw your Etsilop ! Easy there , Fiddler Don 't provoke the lady Foreman ! Check it out Okay , I get it I get it Look , do you have a friend with a gravitzapa and a Pepelatz ? Why ? If you could give us a ride to Earth , we 'd give you each a six-pack of matches I know , no one believes what anyone says Well , tell me what I am thinking That your wife must be calling the morgues now No , what am I thinking right now That you 'll do it See ? it 's true ! Ha ! What kind of fool would ever think the truth ! " Absurd ! " And just because you all say what you don 't think ... and think what you don 't think ... you all sit in cages ! And in general ... This whole bitter cataclysm that we can observe here ... Me and Vladimir Nikolaevich too Patzaks are to sing in cages , so be it Stop showing off ! It 's OK darling , we 'll be singing here , right next to it Get in . He spotted us You 'll get us all tranklukated - We are not animals - What ? ! - Now you 'll get in ! Get in ! - Let go ! Stop it ! Get in now , or he 'll melt us down ! Well , if you insist ... Fiddler , let 's get in Go ahead One , two , three ... - Dance ! - Dance You know what ? Go find some other band ! Dude ! What ? ! ? ! Be right back We must get out of here Boys , give it a push It 's uphill Now * this * we can do Rev it up ! Bye-bye ! Jerks I will tell everyone where the planet is going under this clown PG ! Patzaks are trampling all over Chatlans ! Kyou ! Well ? Is everything in there ? She stole my cologne Women Let me ... What do you have in there ? Lead ? I got it , Uncle Vova I don 't even know which way to look ... Where is Earth ? Galina Borisovna ! Me and comrade Mashkov , being Patzaks , ... could earn 2 chatles per gig . And that 's at best Water , luts , and fines to the Etsilops at least a chatle a day And a gravitzapa is worth half a ketze ! That 's 2200 chatles Divide by 365 , minus weekends , equals 6 I simply couldn 't get back in less than 6 years Very well , Gedevan Alexandrovich , but I only have your word for it Do you have any proof that you indeed returned from Space ? Maybe you simply sold the violin , as Maestro Ragosin suspected , ... and then spent some quality time , out in a disco This is a mineral This is a chatle This is a tzak A metal nut and a sample of sand are appended to the report I handed in to the Dean 's secretary so they could forward it to the UNESCO - Where ? ! - UNESCO [ United Nations ] You are a grown-up man , Gedevan Alexandrovich You 'd studied here for a semester and then disappeared for years Now you show up out of the blue ... with a pebble , ... a chunk of Georgian ceramics ... and a little bell And you expect us to ... And by the way , if you are so musical , ... why weren 't you in our student orchestra ? Excuse me , Fiddler , but this is nothing but ' koo ' ! END OF PART ONE PART TWO Brief CHATLAN-PATZAK DICTIONARY Ketze - Matches Tzak - Nose bell Etsikh - Container for prisoners Etsilop - Law enforcement officer Pepelatz - Interstellar spaceship Gravitzapa - Pepelatz engine component Kyou - A socially acceptable swear word Koo - All other words - Hi ! - Hello ... Long time no see ! Bye ! Hey ! Hang on a sec I have a proposition What ? What ? What do we think about you ? Huh ? Come on . Probe our brains Stop pestering us What do you want ? - Have you no shame ? - Have you ? We are poor little hungry artists ! What have we ever done to you ! Why do you keep harassing us ! Give me your Widget for a sec Tune it up Good . Come on One , two , three ... " Mama , mama , what shall I do ? " Koo ! " Mama , mama , how shall I live " " I don 't have no warmer coat for winter " " I don 't have no warmer underwear " Shut up ! You 're tone deaf " Mama , mama , what shall I do ? " " Mama , mama , how shall I live " Uncle Vova , let 's go again ! - They love it ! - They know a good thing ... One , two ... Etsilop ! Hey , artists ! Where 's our deathtrap ? - Pepelatz ? - Yes Over there - Ran out of luts - All because of you , pest ! Fiddler ! Just what do you think you 're doing ! Vandal Listen , just leave me alone , huh My dear fellow ... This is a Last Breath , a grave ! It 's a cemetery Checkmate ! - A ' semi-pro ' , you say ? - He 's just bragging Unfair play ! You are using my brains to win If you had brains you 'd be studying Interna - tional Relations instead of bugging us here Let 's play again . You bet the violin , your bag , and the tooth-stick And this here Deal ? Well , okay ! You bet the Widget , the Visator , and Mr. Uef 's mojo - All right - Deal Uncle Vova ! You need to twist the ' tzapa' The tzapa ! - Here , you do it ! - I can 't . I am Chatlan Get outta here ! Sure . Everybody 's a Chatlan full of advice ! No one wants to work anymore ... - " Fool 's Mate " - Unfair play ! You thought up bad moves for me on purpose ! Then use your own brains to play How can he use his own brains when he 's never seen these dolls before - Not my problem . Give me my winnings - No way Uef , have you ever thought that such a little Patzak could be such a materialistic piece of kyou ? Never . I said , Fiddler isn 't needed . Just look at him ! Hey ! Chief ! And you said ' tzapa ' ! So , nobody there sings in cages , really ? Mr. Be , on Earth we only cage wild animals Are Animals Chatlans ? I don 't know Similar , sort of ... - Are Nightingales Patzaks ? - Why Patzaks ? You said they never sing in a cage - Well , Patzaks then - Ah ! you see ! You there are overtly racist , too Just like us here on Pluk Only , the power belongs not to Chatlans , but to Patzaks like you and your friend Nightingale Let me ... Here , four gulps Children first That would be 6042 matchboxes Fiddler , write it down I did You want some ? No On the house What do you think you 're doing ! What about me ? ! Huh ? Huh ? It 's on me . 10 more boxes Have some water too 'Kin-Dza-Dza ! ' ... - A boat ! - It 's not a boat - It 's a luts station - Let 's fill up ! - Not here ! - It 's a machine The next one has a woman We 'll give a performance , she will give us a discount . Okay ? Stop slacking , uncle Vova Now , my friend , let 's move Come on ! If this used to be a sea , why aren 't there any seashells ? Do you still have seas on Earth ? We have seas , rivers , and decent people , Mr. Uef Barbarians ! I weep for you " Mama , mama , what shall I do ? " " Mama , mama , how shall I live " " I don 't have no warmer coat for winter " " I don 't have no warmer underwear " - Koo ! It 's a shame my boss can 't see me now . I 'd get a raise Hush Uncle Vova , the lady is watching us They took the woman away , and put a machine in Buy as much as you can , we 'll fly at least part of the way Luts is only sold in one piece . It costs 10 chatles per charge , and we have only 7 - How far is the Center ? - 160 kilometers Uncle Vova ! Uef has more chatles In his right galosh Hey ! Chatlan ! Yes ? Take off your right clog What for ? C 'mon , koo ! koo ! - Koo-oo ? ! - Kyou ! Pest ! Squat ! Why ? They are not Etsilops , are they It 's PG and his Patzak ! If you don 't squat That 's etsikh with nails for life ! - But who is he ? - Shh ! - Oh ! Was it a video ? - Uh-huh ... Holography , my friend ! The violin ! Easy ! Stand still ! Freeze ! And you said ' koo ! ' It 's not a blimp , you blockhead It 's the Last Breath of Mister PG Nonsense ! How could one man breathe so much air while dying ? Absurd ! Have you no fear of Heaven ? PG is alive , and I 'm happy ! And I 'm even happier ! There you go ... Okay , climb inside - Plastic ? - No Shouldn 't there be a normal entrance to this mall ? For the normal entrance , my dear fellow , we 'd have to pay in chatles - Come on , let 's go - Get lost ! Fiddler ! Patzaks go there - What are they doing ? - It 's Mister PG 's 4th Pump - I love PG very much - I koo him even more ! Here they make water out of luts - What are they shouting ? - They are selling - Selling what ? - Everything Let 's buy a gravitzapa ! Gravitzapa is in another department First we need to find out Earth 's Tenture Yellow pants - koo twice ! Think ! The diameter of your planet 's orbit I don 't remember Fiddler , you do it No ! Fiddler isn 't needed , you do it ! Whatever Specific weight of your planet 's core . Think ! Specific weight ? No , I can 't remember I see The names of other planets in your galaxy , as many as you know . Think ! Jupiter , Mars , Saturn , Venus ... Hey ! My visualization crystal ! Where 's the visualization crystal ? Huh ? ! Fiddler ! Put it back ! I thought it was nothing , just a piece of glass Stupid cow Fine . Stop rattling your brains . Blockhead Here is your planet : 013 in Tenture , just left of the Big Dipper If you want to talk , that 's a chatle extra - Come again ? - Your phone number ! Think ! And tell them about the matches Hello Hello , who is calling ? ( Speak in here ) Hello ! Hello , please speak up ! - Hello ! - ( Speak ! Time is running ) Hello ! Lucy ! - Vovka ? ! - Can you hear me OK ? It 's me ! Vovka ! Where are you ? ! I 'm here ... How are you there ? How 's our son ? Where have you ... Where are you , Vovka ? ! Well , I am here , in this place I will explain later How 's Mom ? Have you seen her ? - Yes I have - And ? ! I 'm asking you , where are you ? Listen , Patzak woman ! Stop fooling us around ! Go buy four 6-packs of ketze ! - Or we 'll find him a younger ... - Damn it ! ... Lucy ! Lucy ... Lucy , my darling ! Lucy ... Lucy ! Pick up the phone right away ! Call Manukhin ! Tell him that the keys to the plumbing are in my trailer under ... under the locker ! on the floor ! You understand ? Oh , I understand all right Please dial Batumi 3-47-57 and ask for Alik No ! Take a walk . Thief Is something wrong ? Huh ? Everything 's fine Only Earth is very far away It will take seven minutes to start up , instead of five So let 's go and make the tzapa ready for the gravitzapa Hey , astronauts ! Which one is tzapa ? It is ... the rusty nut , my dear fellow Everything is rusty here ! That one is the rustiest What the hell ... Are you nuts ? Whoa ! Mama , mama ! Lucy and Manukhin have been transported ! What do you know Uncle Vova ! The match was in the hat ! Weird ... Why would they leave ? Weird ? ! Now they have a match to buy a gravitzapa and they know Earth 's Tenture ! Comrade Etsilop ! Comrade Etsilop ! They stole from us ! Please catch them ! Koo ! Catch them ! 40 chatles No chatles ! Everything was with the tour guide And the violin is someone else 's ! They didn 't cuckoo before a video of PG ! What are you staring at ? What the hell are you staring at ? I will tell your bosses that you knew and took no action You 'll be frickin tranklukated ! Got it ? I took action ! I pressed the ' kappa right away . Ask Fiddler ! All units ! A deathtrap with casters is on the run . Koo ! - There 's nothing in there - Open it Let him see It 's vinegar Mind your own business The Patzak will be tranklukated , the Chatlan gets life in etsikh , with nails Brothers ! Brothers ... My dear fellow Patzaks ! ... Tell them the truth ! I was squatting ! It was this Chatlan pressing the kappa ... - ( Shut up ! ) - Uncle Vova ! - Shut up , parasite ! - ( You shut up ! ) Vovka , my friend ! - Gedevan Alexandrovich ! Comrade ! - ( Don 't listen to him ! ) Tell them it was him ! He was the one who did not squat ! - And I will give you the Pepelatz ! - Uncle Vova , the Pepelatz is mine ! Slow down ! Slow down ... Hang on a sec Nobody slammed anyone Everybody squatted like chimps I was confused And it was me who brought the ketze here - What ketze ? - The match you took out of the hat There was no match ! No ! Uncle Vova ! What 's the matter with you , my dear fellow ! Sorry , I forgot There was no match There was none You both , life in etsikh without nails until the penalty fee is paid The fee is 500 chatles , 250 apiece Thank you ! Patzak , fix the violin and sing your songs ! Fiddler , play the Widget ! Guys , about the match , it was all just a joke ! To make you happy ! Bye-bye ! ( singing ) " On the river , on the river , on the other river bank , " " Koo ! ... was my Mary with her little ... Uuuuh " " Hello , Earthling ! " " I am sure , one day you would reach this planet as well " " Greetings from Vladimir Nikolaevich Mashkov , a builder from Moscow " " ... and Gedevan Alexidze from Batumi " " We were the first to set foot onto these wretched sands " " ... in the backwaters of the Universe " Brother Patzak , throw in some more plastic . The soup is too thin Pay me some more then " Maybe by this time , some people who knew me are still alive " " Please tell them that I did not steal the violin " Look ! As good as new Here is a small piece left That happens ... sometimes ... Nutritious ? Earthlings ! You really shouldn 't press buttons like that ! It wasn 't easy to find you Lucky it had built-in memory Here 's your sock , thank you If you wish , I can transport you back to Earth I found out your Tenture number Well , hurry up ! One second here is half a year there Then I have a proposition We rush to Earth ... get some matches , go back here , sell them , buy the guys out of there - Then we go to Moscow , and you go home - I can 't do that , I only have 3 charges But that 's perfect ! Just enough to go there , here and back again And what about me ? ! Well , friend ... Make up your minds , yes or no ? I 'm counting to three . One ... - Wait - Two ... Well , put yourself in my shoes The guys are doing time because of me And my little son has a beard like this by now ! Two and a half ... - Two and a half ! - I ... cannot do this Three Argh ! Who needs all this stuff ... Stupid tzaks , all this trash ! And * where * did you get this ? ! Huh ? Ugh ... In the planetarium . It was just lying around on a shelf Fiddler ... My little klepto ... You snatched up a gravitzapa ! " Strangers in the night ... Koo ! Exchanging glances " " Wond 'ring in the night ... Koo ! What were the chances " " Shall we fall in love ... Koo ! In love we fall ... Koo-oo " Patzaks ! Patzaks ! How come you sing here standing up ? Standing up is only allowed over there - An Etsilop didn 't let us in there - Here you can only sing on your knees Thanks , we are fine as we are ... Come on , you can spare a dime ! Well well well ... Now behave yourselves " Strangers in the koo ... " Uncle Vova ! There comes your coat with my hat on top Hi ! What 's up ? What 's new on Pluk ? Sing Well , we are not in good voice today Sing ! Vladimir Nikolaevich - I can 't stand this any longer - Easy now , Fiddler - What 's this worth ? - One hundred Okay ... Looks like we have sung enough - And this one ? - Fifty - Okay ... Etsilop ! Patzaks ! Why aren 't you wearing muzzles ? Turn around ! New order from Mister PG All Patzaks must now wear muzzles ... and be happy Okay , this here is for me , ... and this is for you ... and this one is for you Why aren 't you happy ? Did you hear me ? Huh ? Come on , raise your tranklukator ! Chatlan ! Aah ! - Put it on ! - Yes , sir ! And be happy ! I am so happy ! Oh , look ! PG is here ! Where ? Get up ! Get up ! Open your mouth ! Open wider ! Fiddler ! Get me a gag ! Quick ! [ swearing in Georgian ] Turn around ! Nose ! Give us our money back ! Okay . Here , hold this ... like this Take this off ! And if you think it 's not a tranklukator it will be the last frickin ' thought in your dumb Chatlan head Show us the shortest way to the Etsikh ... Go ! Everybody down ! Stay put for half an hour ! - Move ! - Move ! Faster ! Excuse us , granny That was PG 's Mother ! A video ? In the flesh ! Everybody ! Get in the washtub ! Now ! Open the door ! And stay put the whole day ! Koo ? or not koo ? Here it is - Number , please ? - Take the latest Well , hello there Hey ! Chatlan ! - Sing ! - Fiddler , stop it Roll out the second to last Get lost ! Hello , Gedevan Alexandrovich [ ' Hello ' in Georgian ] Climb out - We can 't - They 'll catch us Stop ! We have a gravitzapa Ouch ! - Koo , Uncle Vova ! - Yeah , koo Cut it through Right here - Koo ! - Push it out ! Uncle Vova ! Please help me roll the etsikh out ! - Leave it ! - Vladimir Nikolaevich ! Humankind worked for millenia just to get one rock from the Moon ! And here we have a live alien and a etsikh ! ... made of an unknown metal ! I said , leave it ! - Tzapa - Yes sir , tzapa - Tzapa ! - Press the tzapa ! - I did ! I did ! - Are we flying yet ? - Starting her up ... Let 's hurry up , brothers ! Before they come to their senses ! You 're not helping ! - And we 've landed ... - Landed where ? Hanut What 's " Hanut " ? - The planet where I was given birth - Me too - It 's night - Now it 's always night here - Put this on - What for ? - There 's no frickin ' air here - So how do you live here ? Nobody has lived here for years Plukans tranklukated the planet while we were on tour Why ? - Because we didn 't get them first - Why did you want to get them ? They were hovering all over us ! - And all perished ? - Of course ! Vovka , I have a proposition - This planet now costs peanuts - 63 chatles We sing ' Mama ' around the galaxy for a month and the planet is ours ! - Another month and we 'll buy the air - 93 chatles Everyone who has no air will rush straight here The air belongs to us They will crawl before us , and we will spit on them Why ? - To enjoy the pleasure ! - How can anyone enjoy that ? Heh ... He 's just too young Half of the planet could be yours , the other half ours . Deal ? This is very tempting But guys , we need to go back to Earth Hurry up , the grocery closes in half an hour Vovka , relax Look ! We are here Earth is there - And this is Alpha - On Alpha they turn us into cactuses Earth , my dear fellow , is in Anti-Tenture There is no way we can get there . You see ? How so ? That 's how it is It 's just my luck , really A Pepelatz cannot make it to Earth ! And stop blabbing ! Okay ? Let 's go ! We have a planet to divide Did you learn about this in the planetarium ? Yes , my friend That 's why you stole the match ? - Of course ! - Uncle Vova , they are lying ! Don 't believe them ! Take us to Earth , now ! No , Gedevan They are not lying They 'd crawl across the Universe on their stomachs for a chance to get some matches Vovka , it 's a silly thing to do This air has only 2 % oxygen Gedevan ... Don 't do this , you are young You should live ! Maybe things will change Fiddler isn 't needed , Uncle Vova Hey , Patzak ! You 'll kick the bucket in a minute , so ... For once , tell the truth ! You could have let that freak transport you . Why didn 't you go ? What did you want ? Pink pants ? PG 's swimming pool ? Tell us , what did you want ? Gedevan ! Dear friend ! You tell me You can trust me ! We are two of a kind My mother is Georgian Well , used to be ... [ Both speaking in Georgian ] He says his mother used to be a local Georgian Uef ! You do what you want but I will take them to Alpha ! Koo ! - Kyou ! - And you , lousy Chatlan put on a tzak ! And squat when you speak to a Patzak ! Hanut , my dear fellow , is a Patzak planet ! Repeat it again You eject us onto Alpha while trying to slow down in Alpha 's orbit - To slow down , my foot ! - Don 't interrupt ! Go on , my friend On Alpha , when they transport us back to Earth we must hold on to the bottom of the space-transportation gadget and the gadget will be transported with us On Earth we must buy you four bags full of matches Go on , my friend How many times do we have to go over it ? Let 's move , shall we Because of you , I will end up in a pot forever ! And you are too lazy to open your mouth ! Guys ! Brothers ! My dear good friends Let 's move . Or at least close the door I can 't stand the sight of you any longer I 'm sick of it all So long , my friend And we 're flying ! Brake ! Brake ! Brake ! How am I supposed to brake when you 've drunk all our braking fluid ! An alkie ! Can 't be good for him - Turn off your antlers - They can 't be turned off - Take them off then - They might break I think we 've landed ... That 's how it was the last time Okay ... Put on your gas mask - Without a tzak ? - They 'll cope Earth ! ( singing ) " On the river , on the river on the other river ba ... " No This isn 't Earth How do you do ! We are Patzaks from planet Earth Who are you ? This is planet Alpha Tell Decont here , your coordinates and she will transport you back to the starting point Have a nice day Please tell me your planet number 013 in Tenture It is here ... somewhere ... Here it is - To the left of the Big Dipper - This is unnecessary Could you please hold your hands - Miss , what did you do with ... them ? - They are in the 2nd Greenhouse now Could you please hold your hands - Do you really turn people into cactuses ? - Only those from Pluk They are not from Pluk ! They are from Hanut ! This is irrelevant Could you please put on your breathing apparatus - But why ? You have beautiful air ! - That is why - Heh ! ... Just look at her ! - Easy there , just put it on . Gedevan ! On behalf of our planet , please ... Let them go Well , who can make this decision ? Abradox can But ... Well , take us to him ! Do it , or I 'll take off the mask and breathe on everything ! You shouldn 't worry Our greenhouses provide the best environment Blossoming , microclimate , peace and quiet ! Isn 't that a treat ? Then my dear , why are you frolicking around on the grass ... instead of sitting in a pot ? Please watch your step ! You have just broken a green shoot again Friend ! - Can we ask you a favor ? - No need to continue It 's a ' no' Our proximity to the Kin-Dza-Dza galaxy is our misfortune . They are plagued by yearnings and desires Vile desires ! Transformation into a plant life-form is for their own good And for everyone else 's ! Maybe we should bring them here and let them decide what is good for them ? Oh , if we gave that sort an opportunity to decide about anything ... Girly , all of you are so smart ! Did somebody teach you ? or did you figure it all out on your own ? Let 's not waste time You are creatures from Anti-Tenture That means I have an obligation to transport you to the starting point of your journey Or , we can send you back in time to the moment when you could decide your own fate - The choice is yours - Sorry , I don 't get it . Back in time ? To the past . Back to Pluk Um ... Can you send one of us to Earth and the other one to the past ? Vladimir Nikolaevich I won 't let you go back to Pluk alone Okay , dude ... Back in time ! How long was I fixing the violin ? 50 minutes or so ? About 50 Brother Patzak A guy with a sock will be here soon Tell him to follow us to the Etsikh - Do you know where it is ? - Sure - So , you will show him - Pay me some more then Everybody have a rest for half an hour ! Thank you , brothers Carry on , boys . Carry on Fiddler ! Hurry up ! You didn 't go home ! Again ! You pest ... - Yes . Climb out ! - Bite me ! It 's better here than on Alpha Come on , pull them out We 'll have a space-transportation gadget in a minute Vladimir Nikolaevich ! You owe us 11,000 boxes Fiddler has it written down ! 11,020 I have a proposition ... Vovka ... We get transported together ... right into the grocery - We buy everything and then ... - There will be no " then " We all stay on Earth Forever ? ! Forever Me , on a planet where they don 't know who has to squat before whom ? Nonsense ! - Give us the gravitzapa and that 's it ! - Uncle Uef , Uncle Be ! - You will be so welcome there ! - No , comrade ! A society without the color differentiation of pants is a society without purpose ! And without a purpose ... Guys , enough with the philosophy He 's going to appear soon Make up your minds Are you going with us ? Just give us the gravitzapa now ! Give it to them Pity So ... We should say our farewells I kind of got used to you Me too Well ... Take care ! Friends ! Patzaks ! Here is your sock , thank you And if you wish ... Friend ! What system is your gadget ? Might I take a look ? Regular system ... Press a button and you 're back home Hi Hi . How was your day ? Pipes burst at Manukhin 's building site " Mama , mama , what shall we do now ? Winter 's coming . Freezing all day long " " You could use a warmer woolen scarf , and I don 't have a winter coat at all " - How 's our ' excellent student ' ? - He 's out with friends Vovka ! Go buy some bread . I forgot Oh , and buy some noodles too Comrade ! How could I get to the Old Arbat street ? - Turn right over there - Thank you Fiddler ? Uncle Vova ? Fiddler ! Uncle Vova ! " Mama , mama , what shall I do ... " The End
