 Attention please . All direct flights to New Island today have been canceled . Passengers for New Island are advised to take Flight 575 Chief , we were only thirty minutes late . Don 't get so angry . I 'm not angry . I 'm grieving over my bad luck . I ' ve got the Dirty Pair of all others . Damn central computer ! The 3WA must not have very many good agents . They have thousands of them . Tons of them ! And they 're all better than you . Here ! Planet Dubahl , a republic in the Leo area . That 's the middle of nowhere ! It happened six days ago , standard time . National flag carrier , Dubahl Cosmo Lines' Flight 005 exploded during flight . DCL005 is a scheduled universal flight . It starts from Dubahl and connects planets Dolz and Zahl . A universal flight exploded ? Right after it warped out into Dubahl 's space . What about the passengers ? Did any survive ? No ! Nobody has been rescued . DCL has already requested payment of the insurance money , but there aren 't any requests for money for the passengers . What 's going on ? The insurance company was surprised too . They investigated and filed an action with the 3WA . How many passengers were on DCL005 ? It was full . 300 passengers . 300 passengers ? Don 't they want any insurance money ? They must be very modest . Why don 't you go and wash your face ? There has been no request for compensation given to the airline . By any chance , do none of the deceased have families ? Sounds like a Yuri idea . The 3WA received the case from the insurance company . The Central Computer of the United Galaxy judged that there is something unusual about this accident . We have to find out the truth about the explosion , and explain the mystery of 300 passengers that don 't have families . That 's right . That 's the first job . The first job ? ! There 's more ? That 's why I 'm grieving over my bad luck . About the same time as the Flight 005 accident , there was another case filed . Dornenschtern , a Dolz scientist , and his family disappeared . The case is a request to look for them . Who filed the case ? Dornenschtern 's father-in-law . His name is Dick . Isn 't this a job for the police ? I think so too . No , it 's not . I really wish it was though . But the Central Computer recognized the case Dick filed and nominated you to be in charge of it . So we have to do two jobs at once ? I expect to have a bonus . I 'm just about to explode ! It doesn 't matter if it 's two , three , four or even five jobs . Go and do your work ! And take care of this peacefully ! The chief 's had it ! Don 't give the old man a tough time . Dornenschtern lived in the planet nation Zahl . Isn 't Zahl under the rule of Dolz ? No , it 's an independent country . But since it 's receiving a huge amount of aid from Dolz , that 's a common misunderstanding . Dornenschtern was invited to Zahl as a researcher into ignol fluid , and moved from Dolz to Zahl . Ignol fluid ? It looks like it 's a mineral that is used for insulation . It seems to have nothing to do with the DCL005 accident . Why did the Central Computer put the two cases together ? I don 't know . I wonder if it 's because both cases have to do with Dolz and Zahl ? Look , according to the data , Dolz and Zahl are fighting . So what ? Is it possible the explosion may have been caused by terrorists ? Terrorism , attack by space pirates , a defect of the warp system ... There are many possible causes . Are you going to start something ? Isn 't Dubahl 's Space Force investigating the DCL005 accident ? That area seems interesting . Entry of general spaceships into the investigation area is prohibited . Please leave the area ! I know it 's prohibited , but this is our job . We came to see the person in charge of the investigation . No matter what the reason , entry is prohibited . Please leave immediately . We are the agents of the 3WA , the Lovely Angels . Please check it out . Lovely Angels ? The Dirty Pair ... The Dirty Pair ? ! You are ? Unexpectedly , you 're attractive ladies . That 's Lovely Angels . Attractive ladies . Idiot ! I didn 't think that the 3WA would get involved with this case . What 's the cause of the explosion ? It 's not clear yet . We 're trying to retrieve the warp recorder . If we can retrieve it , we can find out if there was a warp system failure or not . What happened to the passengers ? They were blown up by the explosion . Specialists are trying to identify the victims by matching the names on the passenger list and DNA from pieces of flesh found on the retrieved fragments . Then the passengers were definitely on board . It looks like the data was right about the flight being full . Then why is there no request for insurance money or compensation ? That 's why we are investigating . Don 't be silly . Let 's go . Plant Dubahl What you are asking is certainly true . DCL005 , which had the accident , was full . How many crew members were on board ? Ten , and three hundred passengers . May I see the passenger list ? There is ... There is ? There is no passenger list . No list ? Usually , when passengers check-in at the counter in each port , an operator inputs the information and it 's immediately sent to the computer at our headquarters . But in DCL005 's case , the lists weren 't sent from Dolz or Zahl . I don 't know how it happened , but we are investigating now . That 's very strange . Was it a mechanical mistake or a deliberate omission ? How do you know it was full without the list ? Right before the explosion we asked the Dolz and Zahl branches , and confirmed the number of people . 298 people got on board at Dolz and two more at Zahl . Two passengers ? The passengers from Zahl are ... Very few . Planet Zahl Control Center , we request permission to land at Pilato Space Port . This is the control center . Please send the nationality of your ship , name of the ship , - Hey ! A nice looking boy . He 's Kei 's type . - captain 's name and ship code . He looks really yummy ! Listen , boy . The nationality of the ship is Rionez . It belongs to the 3WA and the name is Lovely Angel . The Dirty Pair ? ! What did you say ? Nothing ! Control Center has received the request . Darn ! Please come in . I 'll guide you around here , Miss Kei and Miss Yuri . I 'm Danny , Chief Investigator for the Aviation Investigation Bureau . I 'll help you on the investigation as DCL has requested our cooperation . Hey , another handsome one . I 'd love to eat him . I 'm so glad to meet you ! I 'm surprised that you recognized that it was us . That was ... . Hey , could you take me to the DCL check-in counter ? I have something to find out . Sure , my pleasure . Welcome to Dubahl Cosmo Lines . May I have your ticket , please ? I 'll help you with your check-in procedure . No thank you . I 'd like to know the booking status of Dubahl 's afternoon flights . Just a moment please . We still have some seats left . Would you like to check-in ? No thanks , I 'll do it later . We 'll be looking forward to it . Thank you very much . The software is perfect . I wonder if it 's possible to get into the system on purpose ? It 's probably possible . Two names on the Flight 005 passenger 's list were actually deleted from the computer 's memory . Deleted ? That 's what I thought . How do you know that they were deleted ? Please don 't underestimate the Aviation Investigation Bureau . We figured out from the bank accounts who paid for the tickets . Ned Ryan and Bonal O 'Cober . We know the names too . Ned Ryan and Bonal O 'Cober ... False names . False names ? The address is also false . We went to the address and it was a closed lab . A closed lab ? It belongs to the government . Do you know what they researched there ? Yes , ignol fluid . They studied the insulation material . It was closed a month ago because it wasn 't profitable enough . It used to be a big subject . Then the people thought it was a waste of tax money . I want to go there . To the lab ? Mughi , you 're staying home ! I don 't like places like this . Okay ! You can stay behind by yourself . I 'll go with you . I 'm surprised . I didn 't expect to hear ignol fluid mentioned . I wonder if this lab has something to do with Dornenschtern ? The false names bother me . It can 't be just a coincidence for this to be the address . It 's dangerous ! Get out of there now ! An explosive has been set . Who is this ? Kei ! Let 's get out anyway ! Yuri ! Yuri ! Where are you ? Yuri ! Yuri ! I won 't forgive them . I will never forgive them ! I 'll take revenge for Yuri even if it takes my whole life . Let 's quit now , Kei . I understand how you feel , but it 's not good for you to drink any more . Leave me alone ! I don 't want a lecture . Please drink for Yuri . Damn it ! My partner ! Kei ! She was my best friend . We always argued , but she was my only partner . Hey , give me another one . Here you go . What are you doing ? Let 's quit now . It 's none of your business . Danny ? Why didn 't you get him earlier ? What was this play for ? Too late . It 's too late , Yuri . Instead of me , Danny is ... The 3WA will borrow the evidence material . May I ? Yeah , sure . At the moment , the victims are being removed by a rescue team . One of the dead seems to be the Chief Investigator of the Aviation Investigation Bureau . The other one seems to be an employee of the Jupeca 's bar . Kei ... Yuri , where 's the evidence ? Here it is . Give it to me . I 'll investigate this . National Secret Police Headquarters Building A Robin Cocker mini MPK ! It 's not a gun on the market . It 's the official gun of the secret police . You guys tried to shoot us . Who 's picking a fight with the 3WA , Zahl 's government or the secret police ? No one . It was a stolen gun and the man was a fake police officer . You 'd better tell us the truth . If not , Zahl will become an enemy of the United Galaxy . Don 't threaten me . Do you think the Zahl Secret Police would fight against the 3WA or the United Galaxy ? It 's true that the Zahl government invited Dornenschtern from Dolz to do research , but ... Dornenschtern was at the lab as I thought . But then Dornenschtern went missing , and the lab was closed . Why did they close the lab just because he went missing ? I can 't tell you that . But I swear that it has nothing to do with this case . You don 't need to tell us . We 'll find out once we do a compulsory search . Wait ! We don 't want a compulsory search . If you don 't want it , you should tell us now . Dolz did it . Dolz ? I don 't know the details , but the government was trying to beat Dolz . Through the study of ignol fluid ? Yes . How would Zahl beat Dolz by studying an insulation material ? I don 't know . I don 't know why . I really don 't know . Anyway , the government was trying to beat Dolz . If Dolz realized that , it would be a big problem . You know that Zahl 's economy is based on the aid from Dolz . If it 's cut off , our country would be destroyed . Dornenschtern went missing , and it became possible that the ignol fluid research would surface . So they closed the lab all of a sudden . That 's right . Dornenschtern was on DCL005 using a false name , wasn 't he ? You knew about that ? Of course . Dornenschtern sought political asylum in a third country , Dubahl . And he got on board of DCL005 with his family . The secret police found out , and blew up DCL005 to prevent his escape . No ! We didn 't do any such thing . If we had realized beforehand , we would 've stopped him from boarding . We wouldn 't do such a stupid thing like letting him leave the country ! In that case , who tried to shoot me ? Who spilled the blood of an innocent like Danny ? I don 't know . I really don 't know ! I 've told you this much . What difference would it make if I hid anything else ? The National Secret Police has nothing to do with it . It is the truth , the absolute truth . There 's something for you . From who ? There 's no message . What 's wrong ? That 's an old trick . Now , please do it . Why should I do it ? Because I 'm scared . Do you think I 'm not scared ? Please , please . Damn you ! Okay , nothing 's wrong . Really ? Nothing 's wrong ? Then , Kei , do your best ! Dick ! This letter is from Dick . Probably . What 's that ? Ignol fluid . It says so in the letter . Ignol fluid ? ! Yuri ? What 's up ? Ignol fluid isn 't just an insulation material . Ignol fluid is an inactive , non-conductive insulator , but at the same time it cuts off the magnetic field completely . Like superconductive material . The melting point is extremely high , 721,360,000 C. A high-energy reactor with ignol used for its blanket material can produce the same power with one tenth the volume of a normal one . Do you understand ? No , I don 't . It means if you use this material , a lot smaller reactor can produce the same power as the usual size energy reactor . Isn 't that good ? Sure it is . It 's a revolution in energy . That 's why they were so desperate to find him when they heard he was asking for asylum . What 's wrong ? We can entice the enemy . If you mix some kind of impurities into the ignol fluid , which they used to be believe you couldn 't process , and treat it with a special magnetic field , it can be changed to a condition easy to process . I see that Dornenschtern was developing this method . Great ! Let 's let headquarters know about this as soon as possible . I wonder if it will work ? Sure it will . They can 't be quiet now that we 've found the secret of ignol fluid . Do you think the Dick who wrote that letter is the same Dick who filed the case ? Dick is trying to contact us but for some reason he can 't . So , he 's doing something indirect . How 's my guessing ? At any rate , we need to see him at once . What 's with this guy ? I can 't stand it any longer . Move over ! Is it possible ? Here they come . There 's a lot of them . Mughi , your turn ! Mughi ! Could you tell us your story before you get out of there ? Stop it ! Are you afraid ? Who are you ? I don 't want to hear you 're the National Secret Police . Even a damn stupid police wouldn 't leave the same evidence twice . I won 't kill you if you tell us the truth . Go ahead . Ready ? Go ! Dolz , I 'm from the Dolz lntelligence Agency . That 's what I thought . If you tell us the whole truth , the 3WA will protect you . Will you tell us the whole thing ? Come on ! I 'll sort out this case . A few years ago , Dornenschtern , the best ignol fluid researcher , was invited from Dolz to Zahl for its study . The official purpose of this was a study of the insulation material , but the real reason was a study of a new type of energy reactor system using ignol fluid . Of course , Dolz sent a spy to watch him . It is very possible that the other man with a false name was the spy . And the spy contacted Dornenschtern 's family , who were left on Dolz and booked the tickets for all of them with the false names . His family was probably on DCL005 . It 's most natural to think that they reunited on the spacecraft . But 005 exploded and became the dust of the universe . It seems related with the Dolz lntelligent Agency . For Dolz , it 's most convenient to make people believe that the accidental explosion killed Dornenschtern . But they took him back to their own country . If they did that , Zahl would give up developing the ignol fluid energy reactor . Therefore , Dornenschtern was on DCL005 , but is still alive . I think we 've got it . We 've got it . We received information from Dubahl . I 'll tell you the results . Dubahl 's Space Force retrieved the warp recorder . Did they manage to analyze it ? They did . The flight came out of warp on the way to Dubahl , which usually can be reached with one warp . It flew in ordinary space for fifteen minutes , then went back into warp . Right ! Fifteen minutes is enough to move Dornenschtern to another ship . That 's right ! After he was moved , Flight 005 blew up . That 's not it . I have another report . DNA of a possible passenger was found in the remains that were retrieved . As the result of a request to the Social Health Bureau of each planet for an emergency verification , it was matched to DNA recorded at the Social Health Bureau of Dolz . The flesh belongs to Dornenschtern . Dornenschtern ? ! Anything else ? That 's all . Dornenschtern is dead ? That means it was just an accident . It can 't be . If it was just an accident , we wouldn 't have been targeted . Danny wouldn 't have been killed either . The families of the 300 passengers would 've requested compensation . We 're back to square one again . Planet Dolz A message ? " Welcome to Dolz . Please come visit . Aldenshtut East 1 536 , Dick . " Dick ? He must like messages . Does he mean for us to go to his home ? It 's good manners to go if you 're invited . Dick ? I 'm glad you came . What about your friend ? She has another appointment . You 're not Dick . Dolz lntelligence Agency . I want to make a deal with you . A deal ? Yes , as you suspected , we are from Dolz lntelligence Agency . You 're the ones that tried to kill us and killed Danny ? No , we 're not . They are Dolz lntelligence Agents but different from us . What do you mean ? I 'll tell you about the disgrace of our country . Right now , the Dolz lntelligence Agency is under control of a powerful crime organization . They 're the ones that tried to kill you . But if you report that to the 3WA , there will be a big fuss . If the Galaxy Federation intervenes with the government of Dolz , it may shake the position of our country in the galaxy . If what you say is true , it means only part of the intelligence Agency is criminal . In that case , it shouldn 't be a problem to report the truth . We will clean up our own mess . Are you telling me to submit a false report ? In return , we 'll hand you an important person for the 3WA . An important person ? Lucifer 's leader . Lucifer ? The main conspirator in this case . Lucifer found Dornenschtern 's study interesting , and ordered some leaders of the organization to sneak into the Dolz lntelligence Agency . Soon , the leaders got important positions in the intelligence Agency through connections and spending money . Listen . It 's Lucifer , the biggest crime organization in the Galaxy . And I 'm telling you we 'd hand one of them to the 3WA . It 's not a bad deal . In this case , 300 people were killed . 300 people ? It must be a mistake . Mistake ? There were no passengers on that ship . The Dolz lntelligence Agency , which was controlled by Lucifer , bribed a DCL operator . The operator made the flight fully booked through false bookings , and erased the passenger list . What about Dornenschtern and his family ? They should 've been on the flight . I 'll tell you all if you accept the deal . If I don 't ? I 'll kill you . Then you won 't be able to get away with this . I know that , but it disgraces my country 's honor . I can 't let that happen . You can 't get away with this ! Kei ! Yuri ! You 're terrible . Here I am ... I couldn 't miss the good timing . Do it . Kill them ! Don 't let them go alive ! Please take this off ! There 's no time for that ! Any survivors ? We found twelve , we 're rescuing them now . Hurry up ! Firefighters inside just passed the 25th floor . Continue to confirm the survivors . Yes , Sir . Commander ! People in Rescue Team 2 were injured . I 'll evacuate them ! Hurry ! They 've been watching my house for a long time . What about the message from the spaceport ? I didn 't send that . Are you Dick for real this time ? I 'm not young and tasty ? I wanted to meet you but didn 't have a chance . I 'm surprised that you sneaked in the fire department . I 'm an ex-intelligence agent . I know many people . I 've heard you were skilled . Did you get the letter and ignol fluid ? I received them . A huge amount of the fluid has been taken to the Dolz military satellite . Military satellite ? Here they come . Hey , they ' re girls . Hey , what 's wrong ? Hurry up . They 'll be awake soon . I thought I saw girls . No , I didn 't see anybody . We 'll be late . Let 's go . That 's right . Stop ! Dornenschtern ! He 's still alive . I thought he might be . In that case , his wife and child too ... May be safe . Lilia ! Laurie ! Block 4 - B. Can you find the arms warehouse ? Wait ! We 've got it . What 's that ? Powered arms . You 're good . Just the wisdom of an old man . We are here to rescue you , Professor Dornenschtern . We 're agents of the 3WA . Please come with us . My wife and daughter have been taken as hostages . Dick will rescue Lilia and Laurie . My father-in-law is here ? Your DNA was found on a retrieved piece of DCL005 . My cells were cloned . That 's just like Lucifer . You know about them ? Please follow me . Wait ! The micro-pitch sensor of GB63 is out of order . I 'll go and get a spare . Could you go with me ? Don 't do anything unnecessary . Lilia ! Father ! Grandpa ! Laurie ... Lilia ... Hurry ! They 're coming . Colonel Gorosia ! There are intruders . They took the hostages with them . What ? What happened to the security room ? Why didn 't they sound the alarm ? I don 't know . Stupid ! Make an announcement . A state of emergency has been declared . Be prepared to fight . I repeat . Be prepared to fight . We have intruders . Mughi ! Start the attack ! The target is the source of my signal . Listen ! Aim there . Don 't miss it . What are you doing ? We have a picture of them . Colonel ! The self-defense system is out of order . What ? ! Move over . Hold on tight . What ? What happened ? Power down ! The power reactor was attacked . Use the emergency circuit . Connect to the lab . We will use the ignol fluid reactor . You can 't . We haven 't even done a test drive . In that case , we 'll have a test drive . Connect the reactor to the energy supply system . It 's dangerous ! That is an order . Do it ! The power reactor has been switched . That 's what I thought would be done . I have sabotaged the ignol fluid power reactor . Without this rod , once they turn on the power , it will be out of control in twenty minutes . Out of control ? It will run wild and explode . Hey ! I told you not to do anything . It 's successful . As long as I have this , it becomes realistic to be the chairman of Lucifer 's supreme council . Hurry ! No , it 's out of control . It 'll explode soon . Evacuate ! Withdraw ! The power reactor will explode ! Withdraw ! The reactor will explode ! What ? Get out of here . The station will explode . Return to your section . Anyone who leaves their position will be shot . Colonel , the reactor is out of control . It 's dangerous , we must evacuate . Shut up ! I won 't allow any action without my permission . Damn ! Move ! Please wait . Damn you ! Hurry ! Go deeper in . Kei ! Hurry ! Hold on ! Laurie ! Honey ! Daddy ! Get down ! Take Laurie ! Dick ! Go across quickly , Lilia ! Quick ! Dick ! Hurry , Dick ! No , I can 't move it . What ? Yuri , Kei , take care of them ! Dick ! Father ! Grandpa ! Dick ! Father ! Dick ! Lilia ! Laurie ! Grandpa ! I won 't let you go . I mustn 't let you go . I 'll take you to Hell with me , Dirty Pair . Grandpa ... Danny , Dick ...
