 Shochiku Films A Sunrise Japan and Shochiku Corporation Project 21 41 AD Mankind has achieved warp transportation and has explored almost every part of the galaxy . More than 3000 planets have their own government . Space ships use a rare metal to fuel their warp engines and reinforce their hulls . This material indispensable for the latest technology was called ... VIZORIUM Eighteen kilograms of ninety-nine point eight percent pure Vizorium . Roughly 80,000,000 credits worth . Superb quality ! Once the deal is done , we can have all the wine and women we want . I have a problem with wine and women . Problem ? Yes ... If I have too much of either I get a headache . 80,000,000 credits . I assume you brought them . Your share is 1 6,000,000 credits . What ? ! Dealing in Vizorium is far more dangerous than actually stealing it . Now hurry up and show me the goods . Here it is . It 's the real thing . I want at least 20,000,000 credits . 1 8,000,000 credits . 1 8,000,000 credits ? Hey , what should we do ? What the hell , deal ! Okay , don 't spend it all in one place . Don 't move ! I 'm the 3WA ! You 're under arrest for the theft and illegal sale of Vizorium . Now be good boys and don 't move . Yuri , can you hear me ? I 'm done here . Yuri ? ! Yuri , you don 't need to come because I 'm finished here . Are you listening ? Excuse me , don 't think badly of me for this . Son of a bitch ! Guess I 'm late . Uh , oh ? Uh , oh ! Oh , no ! The sound of red shoes Matenrou no rasenkaidan Ascending a skyscraper 's spiral staircase Noboru akai kutsu oto In that 2 a. m. moon dance Gozen niji no moon dance ni The outline of the town alighted , suspicious Ukabu machi ga ayashikatta Silence While glamorous nails dig into Kotae no nai door ni A door from which comes no response Hanayaka na tsume o tatenagara Safari eyes The shooting ' magic of alert eyes Sameta hitomi no shooting ' magic If you fall into a beautiful nightmare Suteki na akumu ochiteku nara Go to a desert where candles burn Candle ga moeru sabaku e There is no jealousy in the kiss of the stranger Jealousy no nai kiss of the stranger Kiss of the stranger Come on and take a shot Just give it all you got Until you reach the top How come ? Why ? Where is the bug in the mutation program ? The most outstanding characteristic of the mutation is that it changes from its original character to a totally different character . But why does the original character return after the completion of the mutation program ? Is a reverse mutation possible ? I 've spent 1 2,034 hours and 49 minutes to complete the hardware , but the bio-soft is such a mess , it 's not even funny . Professor , stress is not good for you . We 've got a Chateau Filulmanse of Sortelne . It 's a superb Bordeaux 21 38 vintage . If only I knew at what stage the reverse mutation factor occurred , I wouldn 't have to trace back to the beginning to do a simulation . It 's possible to find the cause within the squared GCD of the number of mutations and the number of the factors . If I can 't find the cause using type E , I 'll check with type D. Then , by programming type F , it goes like this ... Professor ? The Sortelne 21 38 ... Professor Wattsman ? ! This is the second time ! Why were only Uldas ' experimental plants attacked ? I want an explanation ! That 's a false accusation . First of all , Edia didn 't even know Uldas had these experimental plants . Uldas seem to have taken out a patent on secrecy ! Are you claiming Edia has nothing to do with this case ? I 'm not claiming anything . It 's the truth ! We simply follow capitalistic principles by exporting raw Vizorium . Capitalistic principles ? We export it as raw material , and importing countries refine it to suit their own needs . This is the most cost effective way of doing it . There 's no need to invest a lot of money in building experimental plants . Investing money in experimental plants is not a waste . Exporting refined Vizorium is based on the decision of Uldas ' high council and the wishes of the people . We pride ourselves on selling to the entire galaxy . It 's nothing like Edia 's money-grabbing policy . Why don 't you take that old propaganda and stick it up your ass ? Anyway , we have nothing to do with the people , experimental plants , or the pride of Uldas . I 'm really tired after four days on night shift . I just want to go home , take a shower , get a glass of bourbon and go to bed . Stick it up my what ? ! What ? - Chief Manager , you have an appointment waiting for you . - What ? Is that right ? Excuse me . Oh , and send my best regards to your proud people . Don 't run away from me ! It was Edia 's plan to destroy the experimental plants , admit it ! Hey wait ! Bastard ! You probably already know this . The planet Agerna is getting a lot of attention , as it 's a virtual treasure house of Vizorium . Edia was the first to set its sights on this planet due to its high concentration of Vizorium-rich crystals . Later , the Republic of Uldas , which is where the accident happened this time , also staked a claim and started terra-forming . Edia has private enterprise and Uldas has state enterprise . However , they have both invested about the same amount of money and effort on this . This is a town of Edia , population 70,000 . Most of them are businessmen in the private sector and development staff . This is a town of the Republic of Uldas , population 80,000 . All of them are government employees , engineers and bureaucrats . Where are the experimental plants in Uldas where the accidents occurred ? They are here and here , two places . That 's all we know . That 's it ? Unfortunately Uldas doesn 't have a publicly accessible information system . We were not able to discover anything more . Also , laws prevent private citizens from even entering the Uldas area . That means you haven 't found out anything . What ? So , that 's how it is . It 's annoying that we need to ask the 3WA to figure out the cause of Uldas ' silly little accidents . But if this becomes an economic dispute , things will really take a turn for the worse . Please take care of this for us . Just one ? No , that was earlier . This time there were three . Three , I tell you ! More of them ! Where are the monsters ? I don 't know . It took a long time to get rid of them . They left a huge mess . They must have been in a really bad mood . It was Edia ! They destroyed our five-year plan . How do you know it was Edia ? Yeah , tell us ! Then I can go home and play . First , the experimental mining site was attacked . Then , this site was attacked . The monsters were after Vizorium in both cases . Vizorium ? If they were just wild creatures , there 's no way they would go after rare metals . That 's why I can 't think of anyone other than Edia . What kind of tests are you doing here ? I can 't tell you that . If you 're spies sent by Edia ... Spies ! Hey , are you saying you can 't trust 3WA ! ? Okay , okay ... No it 's not okay . Our duty is to figure out the cause of all this , and get rid of the source of trouble . I don 't care whether it was Edia or Uldas . I see , I 'm sorry . Forgive me . Okay , then . What kind of tests were you doing ? At the experimental Vizorium mining plant , we naturally had newly developed refining technology . Since it was destroyed by Edia 's monsters , we had no choice but to refine Vizorium from raw Sadinga ore . So we were conducting experiments in order to adapt our newly developed refining technology to raw Sadinga ore . I see . And it was destroyed . Chairman , now the only surviving experimental plant is ruined too . What 's going to happen to our five-year plan ? Do something ! What ? Why don 't YOU do something ! And I just washed my hair ! It suits you very well ! Now drive straight . Kei , it 's just a reflection from a mirror . I didn 't expect to have a bath here . To be precise , the water might be used for battery fluid . I don 't care . Anyway , it 's great to have a bath during work . I wish I had wine . Do you remember Casa Noir ? Yes , those dirty old men , Jekyll and Hyde . Yes , the old men got so excited to see my naked body ... Did they ? To see that body ? What do you mean by that ? Because you 're getting a little chubby lately . Shut up , I 'm just getting nice and plump . Oh , I found a beauty spot . This is the source of my bad luck with men . No , you 're kidding ! Nope , I checked . How about this one ? How about this one spot ? Oh , it 's in a risky spot ! Ouch ! I know that face ! Excuse me ... How long are you going to keep touching me there ? ! But if I remove my hands , I 'll see your breasts . Close your eyes . Do you know each other ? Do you remember the guy who escaped in the Vizorium case ? That 's him . Oh , that man ! That hurt . It was a good one . Carson D. Carson , a petty thief who only goes after rare metals . I 'm not a petty thief . I 'm the best in the business . But what the heck were you thinking ? Taking a bath ? Do you have a death wish ? What about you ? You were peeking . Do YOU have a death wish ? You don 't get it . - I see . You 're on the job . - A sample of Vizorium ! No , this is ... Are you the one who attacked Uldas ' experimental plants ? The experimental plants ? You 've got to be kidding . Anyway , I don 't have time for this . Oh , you 'll have plenty of time in jail . The button at the top . You know that right ? But ! - No buts ! Otherwise , no life either . - But ! Ahh ! Just my luck ! I don 't know what is going to happen ! I figure it 's worth about 1 5,000,000 credits . Damn ! You can turn around now . I can 't believe you did this to me ! You won 't get away with this ! You know ? The guys in Purpletown all dress like that . They 're all transvestites . Shame on the name of Carson D. Carson . Can you explain to us why you were back there in the first place ? Why ? How did you know about the monsters ? Why were you at the experimental mining site ? What are you after ? Did I say something funny ? Did you come totally unprepared ? And you call yourselves pros ? If you want to die , I can help you out . Take it easy and listen to what I have to say . First of all , you let me know that you didn 't know anything . This is not the way professionals do it . Second , you threatened to kill me when there was no way you could kill me . This is not very professional either . Why do you think we won 't kill you ? Because you want to know what I know . How 's that ? This is the professional way . Got it ? You 're not a pro , either . First of all , you let us know that you knew something very important after just a little communication . Second , there 's so many ways to make you talk . Here you go ! Stop ! Murderer ! Stop ! Say we 're pros . Now , what do you know ? What the hell are you doing ? Now do you feel like talking ? Professor Wattsman . Professor Wattsman ? Professor Wattsman ? A professional thief needs to be a professional information collector . After that , it 's a matter of technique . So , you mean you 're after something Professor Wattsman has . No comment on that , but I have the information you want . What should we do ? Make a deal with this guy ? You 've got to be kidding me ! First of all , do you think he 's trustworthy ? You 're the ones that aren 't trustworthy . Because of you I had a really hard time during my undercover investigation . Okay , we won 't interfere with your job . You don 't interfere with ours . It 's give and take . How 's that ? We won 't interfere with each other 's jobs , right ? Once I make a promise , I keep it , even if it is to a guy I really hate . A rough woman will have a rough time in love . Says who ? Carson D. Carson , that 's me . An electrified ion field . If the charged particles touch you , you 're dead . Now you know . The professor doesn 't want anybody interrupting his research . What are you doing with that ? Aren 't we supposed to not interfere with each other 's jobs ? 1 02 , 1 1 1 hours 29 minutes ! Perfect ! A work of art ! This is a historic moment ! A perfect inorganic transcription of RNA polymerase . A perfect bio-soft sample . Professor , what about the dinner menu ? Idiot ! I told you so many times not to use this line . Perfect ? A work of art ? We did it ! Good job ! Here we go ! Oops ? ! Did I kick him too hard ? He 's too weak for a man . Let 's go ! Do you think it 's okay to leave him like this ? He tried to beat us to it . He might be injured ... maybe . Have you fallen in love ? Shut up ! No one will even complain if he 's dead . Let 's go ! Scary . The great sleep of 1 70,000,000 years . I won 't fail ! Everything is in place for the completion of my plan . How long are you going to sleep , Sadinga ? You may fool others , but you cannot fool me . I already know . Sadinga are neither crystals nor just fossils . It 's already been established that you 've been sleeping since long before humans were born . You feed on Vizorium metal . As a scholar of basic particle genetics , I found something interesting when I analyzed your genes . This is my secret that no one else knows about . While your genes are sleeping , you are trying to make good use of them by changing them according to your own evolutionary plan . Through some kind of evolutionary mistake , trilobites and dinosaurs became extinct . In order not to make same mistakes other species made , you , on the other hand , are waiting for the chance to establish yourself by keeping your bodies asleep while you are gathering genetic information . Just as in your dreams , humans will become extinct at some time . Even though you observe and save up the information , the possibility that you , Sadinga , will take over the world after the humans are gone is ... Zero . This is because the stupid humans who don 't know anything about evolution are using you as fuel for warp transportation . If you don 't wake up , you 'll be consumed by man just like oil and coal were . Is that what you want ? There must be no mistakes in my mutation program . No errors in my calculations . Why won 't they wake up like the bio program did ? I won 't fail ! I can 't fail . The purpose of evolution is to continuously try to improve on the genetic structure by creating new structures . These new structures are then used as the basis for further evolution . However , no one knows exactly what triggers the process in living things . You are the one that will put an end to that mystery , Sadinga . I need to wake you from your slumber somehow ! That 's an evolutionist 's responsibility and duty . My shoulders feel like popping out . Hey ! How much do you weigh anyway ? How much do we weigh ? ! A real man would have held on . What ? ! I kept quiet because you 're women , but you 're like a little minnow swimming in front of my eyes , interfering with my job ! Little minnow ? ! That 's so mean . He 's being mean to us . So , you really said that . You 're the one interfering with our job ! I wish I had pushed you off the transport when I had the chance . Kill me now if you think you can ! You 're in love with me . I heard you . Even if you act cold towards me , I know it ! Just because you are a little handsome , don 't be vain . I won 't tell you not to fall in love with me , but if you like me , act like it . What ? You 're the one who said not to interfere with someone else 's job . I don 't want to disturb ... Stop it ! It 's dangerous ! Kei ! Here you go ! Shoot me , if you want to . This is serious , not fun and games . You must have things you need to do . Why don 't you do that ? Even I ... have at least one thing I have to do at the risk of my life . Now be a good girl and don 't get in my way . Okay ? Professor , dinner is ready . I told you not to use this line . I don 't feel like eating anything . You eat it . Are you having any trouble with your research ? I set the Sadinga program to make random mutations . I 'm tired . I don 't feel like doing anything anymore . I 'm sick of mutations . No ! I won 't fail ! I will not fail ! You must eat , Professor . It 's not good for your health . I don 't want dinner . Bring me something to drink . The best one we have . The best one ? That one ? Yes , that one . But Professor , you told me to save it for toasting the completion of the Eden project . I don 't care . Get me another drink then . That 's your job . Yes , Sir . I 'll bring it immediately . Oh , no , this isn 't working . I can 't do anything . I 'm just an old man . That 's a new type ! Bruno ! Bruno ! Bruno ! Is it that important ? It 's important . Are you really going to do it ? Yes , I will . You 're the first one to ever hit me and get away with it . You 'll get burnt if you fall in love with loving . I 'm so used to playing with fire . I won 't get burnt . Do you want to hate me ? I 'll hate you for you . Do you want to remember every time you see a scar from a burn ? I 'll forget for you . You 're strong-hearted . I have a weak mind . Are you all right ? You were moaning . Yuri ! What was all that talk about burning ? What was that for ? ! Only a creep would listen in on a woman talking in her sleep ! Take it easy . It 's not like I wanted to listen . I 'll give you a warning . No one 's ever hit me and gotten away with it . What 's that supposed to mean ? I mean it . I 'm telling you that you 're the worst kind . What ? Say that again ! I 'll tell you as many times as you like . First of all , where do you think we are ? Sadinga ! An artificial mutation ! A perfect bio-sample ! And Project ... EDEN . Environmental Displacement by Evolutional Necessity ... Environmental displacement by evolutional necessity ... Project EDEN ! This is it ! This is what I wanted ! What are you going to do ? You can talk ? Of course ! Idiot ! Now get me down from here ! I see ! Sadinga must have incorporated information about other species in their genes . I did it ! I did it ! I give up . He 's gone completely nuts . Yuri ! Where are you ? What are you doing ? Kei ! Where are you ? What are you doing ? Bruno , did you get it ? Yes , Professor , the best of the best , General de Gaulle . What ? Are you stupid ? That 's what you 're risking your life for ? That bottle of wine ? It 's not just ordinary wine . One hundred ninety-six years ago in 1 945 , France commissioned it as a memorial victory wine after winning against the Nazi Third Reich . The very best wine ever made . Chateau Lafitte General de Gaulle ! General de Gaulle ? Only ten bottles were made from selected grapes . That 's the last bottle . How much is it worth ? Between 50,000,000 and 60,000,000 credits . 60,000,000 credits ? ! It 's not about the money . It is said that the General de Gaulle will bring whoever owns it fortune and glory . I see . That 's the General de Gaulle of fortune and glory . I saw it . I researched it . I searched for it . There aren 't many men with a fiber optic terminal on the back of their hand . Congratulations , Professor . 1 02 , 1 1 6 hours and 3 minutes . Without observation and analysis , there can be no progress . Without experimentation , there can be no discoveries made . Science has always been criticized by the ignorant masses using their so-called common sense . Misunderstood , research has been attacked and obstructed regardless of the truths learned . But to interfere with and control evolution should be the life dream of any biologist . Biologists wanted to break the evolutionary wall in order to make different species interbreed . For a long time , the ability to freely create any mutation has just been a dream . In the history of evolution , mankind 's small role will be to make an artificially evolved life form , which is strong enough to not have its future threatened by coincidental evolution . Not a weak life form , but something uncontrolled by evolution , and thus worthy of being mankind 's successor . Mankind 's successor needs to be chosen while humans are still alive . Can dogs or monkeys do that ? Could dinosaurs or trilobites do it ? Humans are the only ones with the ability to stop natural evolution and to begin the new era of the artificially evolved life form . The universe needs a strong successor that isn 't controlled by nature , environment or dietary needs . The purpose of genetic engineering is not to improve humans , who are products of natural evolution , but to make the next X that comes after mankind . I 'm exhausted . Idiot ! What will happen if you drop it ? First of all , you need to handle wines very gently . You need to study more . Before I activate all Sadinga on this planet , I 'll do one last test to make sure this artificial genetic information is effective . Beautiful ! This is the dawn of a new era . I didn 't do it for the 60,000,000 credits . Not for the promised victory and glory either . I know that . This will become a bad memory . A pro shouldn 't start something he can 't finish . I knew that , but I started anyway , and failed . Weren 't you just upset because someone stole something you had stolen ? Yes , that 's right . As long as I have the General de Gaulle failure , I 'm just a petty thief , no matter what other people say . You got it back . But getting it was such a mess . Just my luck , I failed at being a pro again . That 's not true . You 're a real pro . You 're a professional thief . You make me feel happy . But the truth is I am just a petty thief who longs to be a pro . Carson ! The petty thief 's last job ... is over . Now , it 's your turn . Give me that support system that looks like a big porcupine . I 'll take care of this . Hurry up ! This hurts . I thought we weren 't going to interfere with each other 's jobs . I can 't remember anything because I don 't have enough blood . Carson ... Good wine and a good woman ... I 'm a happy one for a petty thief . So , your job is also finally over . Mine isn 't done yet . You can 't hold a man with that . Are you sure about that ? It 's beginning , beginning ! It 's the beginning of a new mankind . Oh , my God ! I can 't stand this anymore . It 's Edia ! It 's their plan of destruction ! The dawn of a new mankind ! The Garden of Eden ! Bruno , the rest of the galaxy is next ! Not again , Professor ! A party night , dancing on tip-toe Tsumasaki tatete party night A romantic disco beat Romance yureru disco beat Ecstasy that builds with time Toki ni kasaneru ecstasy Luring you into a luscious trap Amai wana ni sasowareteku Candle light just coming into view Mie hajimeteru candle light A straight-forward down-beat Sunao na mama no down-beat Mystery in a silver glass Gin no glass no mystery That overflows as it gets more exciting Tokimeku hodo afurete yuku If you feel like it , clap your hands ! Sono ki ni nareba clap your hand ! Choose your sign Sign o kimete If you get serious , stamp your feet ! Honki ni nareba stamp your feet ! Don 't hesitate , just throw off your high heels Mayowazu sugu ni heel suteru Dance tonight , pas de deux Tonight konya wa odotte pas de deux Tonight , dance as we are , pas de deux Tonight kono mama odotte pas de deux I ' m crazy for you , there 's no turning back Muchuu na no , mou modorenai Give me ! Give me ! Come on ! Give me , give me , come on ! Moonlight , palely shining Aoku kirameku moonlight A flap beat dressed up with lipstick Rouge de kazaru flap beat A diary that holds only secrets Himegoto dake no diary I fall deep into it every time I turn the pages Mekuru tabi ni ochiteyukeru A woman is always a sexy sight Onna wa itsumo sexy sight The flash beat makes you feel like Hajikeru hodo no flash beat You 're going to burst Hajikeru hodo no flash beat The destiny will come when you dream Yume miru koro no destiny It turns you into what you feel inside Kanjiru mama somerareteku If you feel like it , clap your hands ! Sono ki ni nareba clap your hand Choose your sign Sign o kimete If you get serious , stamp your feet ! Honki ni nareba stamp your feet ! Don 't hesitate , just throw off your high heels Mayowazu sugu ni heel suteru Dance tonight , pas de deux Tonight konya wa odotte pas de deux Tonight , dance as we are , pas de deux Tonight kono mama odotte pas de deux I ' m crazy for you , there 's no turning back Muchuu nano , mou modorenai Give me ! Give me ! Come on ! Give me , give me , come on ! Dance tonight , pas de deux Tonight konya wa odotte pas de deux Tonight , dance as we are , pas de deux Tonight kono mama odotte pas de deux I ' m crazy for you , there 's no turning back Muchuu na no mou modorenai Give me ! Give me ! Come on ! Give me , give me , come on ! Dance tonight , pas de deux Tonight konya wa odotte pas de deux Tonight , dance as we are , pas de deux Tonight kono mama odotte pas de deux I ' m crazy for you , there 's no turning back Muchuu na no mou modorenai Give me ! Give me ! Come on ! Give me , give me , come on !
