 The longer you leave returning to something , the higher the stakes . Because it does feel bloody epic . It 's certainly epic making it . It 's the twists . It 's fantastic . Yes , I think it 's one of ... the most interesting Red Dwarfs we 've ever done . Red Dwarf is back , under the auspices of co-creator Doug Naylor . The writer-director is taking the show to another dimension , with filming on day one beginning at a familiar , if unusual , location . It was a weird first day , actually , coming back to Red Dwarf . If you 'd said in 1990 or " Oh , in 20 years ' time you will be doing this programme on the set of Coronation Street , " I would have laughed and said , " Get out of here . " It was a very odd way to start really , although I had actually seen it once before in about 1982 when I was working at Granada , so I had actually stood on the street before . Yeah , it was very odd . Very peculiar . Brilliant for me because it was so cold . Everyone else was moaning . I had a great day . I had a ball , really . It was like two parts of my life coming together and I was sitting back and watching this surreal event occur . It was just great that Coronation Street let us do it , really . I think it 's unprecedented that they 've done something like that . They gave us such amazing access . I 'm not quite sure how or why they would allow us that kind of access , but it 's fantastic . What sort of godforsaken place is this ? This is worse than Rimmerworld . Get out of town , this is brilliant . This is just like where I grew up , except there 's less burning cars . Joining the Red Dwarf cast were a couple of stars from Coronation Street . Inside The Kabin was actress Michelle Keegan . I have seen Red Dwarf . My dad 's a massive fan of it . He 's got the videos and things like that . I knew Craig Charles and Simon Gregson were going to be doing it and my agent rang me and said they were looking for a girl , something to do one small part in it , would I like to do it ? So , yeah , I jumped at the chance . And along with Michelle was the other half of Craig Charles ' latest on-screen double act , Simon Gregson . I 'm just so thrilled to be in it . Craig , being a very good friend of mine , and knew that I was a fan of the show , asked whether I could be in it and ... I am now . I mean , I 'd just turned 15 when I started working here , so this is all I 've known , so this is the only other job I 've ever done . I 'm just SO thrilled to be in it . Very excited and a tinge of nerves as well . In front of the Rover 's Return , Back To Earth 's highly decorated star vehicle was unveiled for the first time . You know , a Smart car customised to look like Starbug - who 'd have thought of that ? I was sat at a set of lights and a Smart car went past and I fell in love with just the way it appeared and went across , and I thought , " That has to be the Carbug that we get . " And then we discovered that we couldn 't afford it . I went , " No ! We 've got to have a Smart car . " So in the end I decided to go off and buy one myself . But we had it vacuum-wrapped , which gives it this nice green finish - much quicker than spraying . Here you can see we 've added on these hover-pads and we moulded these in plastic . Tactical use of plumbing fittings . Flower pot here , here and a big one here . Just easier as you 've got the shapes already , and then built into the back of the jet pack , indicator , brake light , reverse light , fully functioning . Crack of dawn , freezing cold , below zero . Get to the set ... Starbug keys are locked in the car . We 're sitting there , we 're waiting . They call the AA . " Can you help us ? I 've locked the keys in my car . " It 's outside the Rover 's Return . " The woman started to laugh on the other end . She said , " Outside the Rover 's Return ? " I said , " Yes , on Coronation Street . " And the woman said , " Oh , really ? What kind of vehicle is it ? " I said , " Well , it was silver and cream , but it 's now bright green . " Right , the keys are actually in the car ... and what 's going to happen now is very technical . They 're going to break the quarter-glass of Starbug . Hooray ! APPLAUSE Special effects . Modern technology ! What was begun as a freezing landing in Manchester concluded on D Stage of Shepperton Studios as a last-minute addition to the day 's schedule . Winkers to shut down . Landing gear down . Requesting landing line . We haven 't driven cars before . We 're used to driving space ships , you know ? So all that , " Requesting landing line . Oh , bringing her in now . " You know , all that indicators on stuff , that I just thought was bizarre , that was done like a real kick-bollock-scramble sort of way . We 'd learned the landing scene weeks ago , to do it on the Corrie set . Gear one ! Applying brakes now . Constant velocity decreasing . So we kind of just about knew it , but it 's one of those scenes that has to ... Although it looks as if it 's just someone saying something and someone going " check " afterwards , you 've got to get the sense of it and the meaning of what we 're doing . Doug said , " We 'll do it here . We 'll set it up , put black " around it and get someone to shake the car , as it were . " Cabin crew , prepare for landing . Request for landing line . Check , check . That was classic Red Dwarf . We were crammed into one of the smallest popular vehicles on the market today , all four of us . There were no seats as we couldn 't get in with seats , so Craig and Dan were sitting on boxes and Chris and I were like this in the back . And so they had it all on idiot boards right in front of us . Um ... That 's me , sorry , yes , I knew that was me . This is just ... No , don 't worry . Take a break and we 'll do it again . The idiot boards didn 't give the feed line , just your line , so everyone was just throwing in the lines when they see one of their lines come up , not realising that , they 've got to wait two lines before they can say theirs . Shepperton Studios has been the home of Red Dwarf since 1991 , but the shoot began not with celebration but with a tragic revelation . I think the first scene we did on the new set here at Shepperton was the remembrance garden . I just started crying , which was ... quite weird , because I hadn 't really planned to play it like that . I 'd played it a couple of times and Doug come up to me and said , " Craig , you 're coming across really sad but it 's like your grandma 's died or something . " So then I just went away and just came back , did it again and sort of let it all hang out . It 's got some emotional punch and Craig 's performance in that is ... I think it shows that he 's matured in the last ten years . I mean , it was really extraordinary , real proper ... proper acting . You know , that 's a shock in Red Dwarf , some proper acting ! Fantastic . The garden of remembrance was just one of several virtual sets created for production . Begun on the studio floor , completed with computer-generated imagery . Originally , we had discussed shooting possibly 90 % against green screen and having almost all virtual sets . Now , we 're probably at a stage where we 're about 50 % vis effects in terms of virtual sets , so obviously we 're shooting actors against a green screen and creating the really big sets behind . You can 't have an enormously long set . You physically can 't built it in a studio , so we created a virtual set , so we do a thing called 3D tracking . It allows the computer , as long as there are at least seven reference points in the frame at any one time , to know exactly where the real camera was in relation to the actors . It is difficult . It 's very exacting because you 've just got a few lines on the floor and everything else will be painted in afterwards . It 's difficult but it 's fulfilling when you see it all come together and you see what they 've done with it and you think , " Wow ! " But no matter how virtual the surroundings , some things just have to be done for real . Action on Craig . Action on camera . Yeah , they put me on wires and flew me about a bit , which is kind of good fun , you know ? There 's a very muscular man puts a belt round your middle and goes SKKREEHK ... And you go OWWHH ... But you know you won 't fall out of it , so it was very comfy to be flying in it . I suppose it was quite nice . It showed me I wasn 't in as good a shape as I thought I was in , because it really , really hurts your stomach muscles the next day , so you 've got to get the right balance , you know . They 've done a bit of pole-dangling , cos I was slightly worried that the gloves wouldn 't grip , I 'm wearing the equivalent of washing-up gloves , so doing chin-ups in washing up gloves . Never advised in the gym . And of course , I just dangled with my legs bent like that , whereas Danny did a full high bar routine like a Russian gymnast . While Cat took to the parallel bars , Rimmer was getting more uncomfortable by the second , thanks to the arrival of his prospective replacement . Katerina Bartikovsky , as played by Sophie Winkleman . Brilliant casting , great performance , bringing - dare I say - a touch of glamour to the ship . I 'm working with legends . It 's very exciting . It was very , very hard not to laugh with Arnold Rimmer today , who was Chris Barrie . Katerina was telling him all this incredibly technical stuff and being slightly just quite scary and formidable and he has an expression that 's simultaneously , more than any actor I 've ever known , baffled , furious , terror-struck , scared , sort of cowardly , and I think he 's a comic genius . Far removed from the clash of the holograms , the Red Dwarf boys had something a little more organic to contend with , in a very confined space . You do the read-through and you 're in the diving tank and get attacked by the giant squid , and it 's " Da-da-da , OK , fine . " So then we go in the diving tank , which is a completely sealed set and then we can hear people outside going ... MUMBLES And we 're all looking at each other , going , " What ? " Which could have meant " action " or " stop " or " you 've got the lines wrong " or " can you do it again ? " We haven 't got a clue . " Sorry , what ? " MUMBLES Action . SHOUTING AND THRASHING ABOUT Will you keep the noise down back there ? 'There wasn 't a lot of room for manoeuvre . Very small space , ' 'so I had to try and get my 4ft flares ... ' around the place without , you know , tripping over . Really , I have to give credit to Doug because it was his ... He went to see Mamma Mia ! at Christmas and one of the first things he said , he said he loved the look of these ... He couldn 't describe them but , you know , the flare bell-bottom trousers , and really that was the start for the whole look for Cat 's pink diving suit . Danny 's the only one I know that can get away with wearing a skin-tight Lycra suit . Such tight buns . She couldn 't help looking at Danny 's bottom . Oh , right . Doesn 't he look amazing ? I haven 't really spent that much time ... Go on . Have a look . No , really . I think you would agree with me . They 're very toned . I 've spent too much time in the edit . I am aware of it , actually . In there , I 'm boiling , and then the Lycra , as soon as you come out , yeah , it 's like being in bloody Siberia . Lycra changes with the temperature , so I go from , like , overheating to ... freezing me proverbials off . The fun with tentacles didn 't end inside the diving bell , however , though no doubt Sophie wishes it had . It wasn 't ideal , because it was my very first morning and to get the tentacle looking realistic and sort of gooey and gross , they got real fish guts and draped them all over the tentacle . I had to get extremely close to this tentacle and play with bits of it with my fingers , with tweezers , with all sorts of stuff , and put them in other bits of fish guts and I can 't describe to you the smell , I can 't ... I 've tried to think of words that could sum it up and it 's impossible . They don 't exist . Despite the smell , one more resurrected crew member would be returning to Red Dwarf . Find out who else got his claw dirty next . Alongside the regular gang aboard Red Dwarf , one more familiar crew member also made a computer-enhanced return in Back To Earth , with a little help from his feline friend . I usually get to play multiple characters in Red Dwarf , you know , Riviera Kid and Duane Dibbley , and in this trilogy I get to play another character and ... he 's Bob the scutter . You can take that look off your face for a start ! Instead of saying , " Leave a space and we 'll put Bob the scutter in , " we got Danny to act out what he thought the scutter would do , and then did the whole thing again without Danny there , allowing our animators to produce a digital version of Bob the scutter that got the best of Danny 's performance . Bob is going to look like a scutter but for the CGI man to get his movement , this is what he 's going to start off as . Not everything on board was virtual , though , with set creation by production designer Mark Harris , which included the iconic sleeping quarters reinvented in three solid dimensions . I love them . They 're Red Dwarf sets but they 're sort of ... they 're just upgraded . We knew the basic layout that Doug wanted to keep - the bunks themselves , a table area in the middle . Then we thought about updating it . Mark looked at the shapes , blocked it all out on the computer , does all his design work like that , so you can play around , have a look at all the angles , and a big change which came about later , which wasn 't planned initially , was that we put a fourth wall in , with a window . It 's quite good , actually . I love that . " Malfunction . Main frame unable to reboot . " So posh ! And it 's a four-wall set as well , which is ... It 's quite unusual in the world of television to have a four-wall set . Most of the sets have doubled up in some way , well , not most of them but a few of them , so this door is the same one that you see throughout the show . And essentially now , you 're just standing on half of the sleeping quarters set . That wall was there . The door of course was . That wall as well . This is the window that we had there . Those crates are actually used , I think , in the crane control room that you see Rimmer operating the diving bell from , and we just repainted them and put them there to now become a lift . Another section of Red Dwarf was also constructed , though on a much smaller scale than usual . Basically , a very old technique . It 's called foreground miniature . It 's worked out very mathematically on a drawing board , or in this case in CAD , to work for a specific lens with the camera placed at a specific distance from the set . So when it 's all lined up correctly with the correct lens , it appears to line up perfectly and it looks like the corridor 's going on a lot longer than it should be . I 'd been walking past the model all day , not thinking , " What 's that for ? " " You know . I 've got to remember my lines , you know . " And then I suddenly worked out how it worked , and it 's really clever . Too weird for words . Yeah . Cut . Yeah . Yeah . BELL RINGS When it 's not showing new sides to the Red Dwarf mothership , Back To Earth also pays tribute to one all-time classic sci-fi movie . Blade Runner . Blade Runner . Blade Runner . Blade Runner . Blade Runner ? Are we allowed to name it ? I mean I would say Blade Runner-esque . The team gave present-day Earth a dystopian makeover , placing a Blade Runner-style building in a key London location . We wanted to position it somewhere iconic in London , but it is a still photo , right ? There 's no point putting that in the show as we need stuff happening . We still have the water to animate , which we 'll do digitally . We shot a bunch of the crew on green screen . We took all of that work and projected it with a technique called camera-mapping , over rough geometry . It 's like switching on a light projector or slide projector and projecting an image . The second we did that , we could have movement and flew the camera round and the end shot is a really nice little move-in , we see Carbug driving in , we have people moving down there , the water 's rippling and , of course , all done from a happy-snap taken on the London Eye . Another key sci-fi moment came with the deceptively simple set for prosthetic lab Noseworld . With Noseworld we actually decided we wanted it to be cold , so we built it outside , in a store room . It 's shot in the props store with some plastic sheet up and it looked fantastic and the actual dressing of that set was really good . For the first two months of planning , it was minus two every day and we did have frosty breath and in the great plan of these things , the day we did it was the mildest evening there was , but I made it look cold in the colour temperature of the lights . The room is going to be very cold and I 've got to be shivering throughout the whole scene . He was fantastic and looked so the part . " Cold ! Very cold . " You look like you 're dying to go to the toilet . That 's the best way to do shivering . Outside the main stage , a Chinatown street was being constructed on site , much to the cast 's surprise . We were in the studio shooting stuff and they 'd go , " Right , we 're going to do the Chinatown now , " and I thought it was a bit of green screen and a bit of a light hanging down and , you know , an extra , and we went out and then suddenly there was a huge crowded street . Gather round . OK . I was absolutely thrilled with how well that came together , with how little we had . It looks like a movie set but it was put together so quickly . But once you 've created your fictional street , you still have to beware of fast-moving mechanoids . There was two bins in the way , very light plastic bins with fluffy rubbish in . I was really belting after Craig and he did a proper controlled boot , so I came down and went , " I don 't want this bin in the way because I don 't want to fall over . " I was worried I was going to go flying over it . So I just walloped it with my foot and it went flying across the street . Well , I didn 't even stop to look . I just pelted down the street and I did hear a big explosion . I thought , " Brilliant . They 're putting in gunfire . " I kept running , it 's going BLACHH ! " Wow , there 's explosions . " Fantastic ! This is going to be an amazing scene . " What I didn 't realise was I had hit a big light stand that was lighting the whole thing , which fell over , exploded , fused the entire lights for a whole section of Shepperton and the surrounding ... I mean , it really messed it up and I had no idea , so the second time I did a proper sort of wet liberal tap , just got it out the way . Didn 't need quite the venom that I gave the first one . The crashing climax of the Chinatown scene took place the same night , indoors and with no chance of a second take . It turned out to be sugar glass , which is very , very delicate stuff . Obviously once they 'd set it , you know , everyone had to sort of ... There 'd be no vibrations nearby , otherwise it would crack . The first sheet I saw ... " Wow , that 's amazing ! " God , it really looks like glass . " And as I thought that , it went SSSHAH ... And fell into a million shards , and I just went , " Oh , no , we 're going to be here all night ! " We 'd get the first one in place ... and then we 'd try the second one , and before we 've even got it vertical , we break it . And then we try another one and we gradually get them in , piece by piece , over about an hour 's time to actually set this , and every time one went in , we 'd break the next one . It was a bit like defusing a time-bomb . Can we close the door , please ? Don 't want any wind . OK . It 's so fragile , mate . Everyone was like , " There 's one chance . You cannot blow it on this one . " In situations in TV where something can only be done once , they either go spectacularly well or really badly , but fortunately in this case , we had a lot of briefing from our stunt supervisor . You know , we 'd thought about it beforehand . I was in the camp of " don 't let 's have stunt men - let them do it , " and we just have to make sure that we ask the cast in the right order , so if we ask Craig first , Craig will definitely say yes , and then we 'll have a bravado ricochet goes all the way down the line . That formation , where that 's going to be Craig , then the other two have to be out the way for this guy to shoot him . Yes , Rimmer 's at the back . I 'm supposed to be breaking the glass . 'Craig 's a sucker for doing all that , he loves doing all that . ' It was safe , it was ... blah , blah , blah . But of course it 's easy for me to say - I 'm not doing it . We 'd run through the open set before they put the glass in to see where we go and get the cameras lined up , and we were doing pretend breaking through glass , sort of really rubbish jumping-through-glass acting . Then when we all saw that stuff there , we went , " God , that is frightening . " It suddenly became frightening because none of us had ever done it before and we didn 't know what that stuff did . How heavy is it ? Does it fall on you ? Can it really cut you ? You know , all those things . We rehearsed it without any glass . It was one of those things that you can 't really rehearse . As soon as the glass goes in it 's a completely different thing , and so we rehearsed and rehearsed it , very health and safety conscious and all that but at the end of the day , you 've got to run and jump through , pretend you 're shot , fall through another one , pretend you 're shot again and go headfirst through a pane glass window . Action . You were absolutely headfirst . No , that 's great . Oh , no , look at that . It 's like a normal Saturday night in Liverpool , really . It 's normally bus stops . The hardest thing 's getting the snow out my hair . As you can see . The rest of it was easy . It 's quite exhilarating . You kind of do think you 're going to hurt yourself , in the back of your mind , but the glass is just so brittle . You just go crashing through it . I thought Craig would smash all the glass when he ran through it but he just made a Craig-shaped hole , so there was this big sheet right in front of us . We went ... headfirst . Fun , that 's what you come into the business for . You know , instead of treading the boards doing the Bard , love , you know , let 's smash through a few panes of good old sugar glass . Lovely . That 's all for Red Dwarf , because we love it . GUNSHOT REVERBERATES # It 's cold outside There 's no kind of atmosphere # I 'm all alone , more or less # Let me fly , far away from here # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # I want to lie Shipwrecked and comatose # Drinking fresh mango juice # Goldfish shoals nibbling at my toes # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun . #
