 Hot chocolate , please . We don 't ordinarily say " please " to food dispensers here . Since it 's listed as intelligent circuitry , why not ? Working with artificial intelligence can be dehumanizing . So why not combat that tendency with a little simple courtesy ? - Thanks . - For someone just aboard , you aren 't shy with your opinions . - Have I been talking too much ? - No . I do tend to have a motor mouth , especially when I 'm excited . - This assignment is so exciting . - Lieutenant . Everyone in class wants the Enterprise . It would have been fine to spend time on Reiner VI , doing phase work with antimatter . - That 's my specialty . - I know . That 's why you got this assignment . I did it again . It 's just that ... I know . You 're excited . Look , Sonya , I don 't think you want to be around control stations with hot chocolate . I 'm sorry . I shouldn 't have this in Engineering . I forgot I had it . I 'll go and finish it over here . Lt La Forge ? This will not happen again . No ! I 'm sorry . Captain ... Actually , it 's my fault , sir . - Indeed . - I wasn 't looking . - It 's all over you . - Yes , Ensign , it is . - At least , let me , sir ... - Ensign ... ? Ensign Sonya Gomez . A recent Academy graduate , sir . She transferred at Starbase 173 . Is that so ? Well , Ensign Sonya Gomez , it will be simpler if I change my uniform . Captain , I must accept full responsibility for this . Yes , Chief Engineer , I think I understand . I just want to say , sir , that I am very excited about this assignment and I promise to serve you and my ship , your ship , this ship , to the best of my ability . Yes , Ensign , I 'm sure that you will . Carry on . My ... Don 't they say first impressions are the most important ? I 'll give you this . It 's a meeting the Captain won 't soon forget . Deck nine , officers ' quarters . - Crewman , what is going on ? - Welcome , Picard , to shuttlecraft 6 . Q ... Haven 't we been careless ? A cleaning service I 'm happy to provide . You agreed not to trouble my ship again . I always keep my word , sir . Look , we are nowhere near your vessel . * * * I read your thesis . I wouldn 't have wanted you if you weren 't the best . - Where are we going ? - Ten-forward . We 're going to forget about work , sit , talk , relax , look at the stars . - You need to learn to slow down . - No , I can 't do that . You 're awfully young to be so driven . Yes , I am . I had to be the best , because only the best get to be here . Geordi ... Lieutenant ... It 's OK . Go on . Whatever is out here , we 'll be the first humans to see it . I want to be a part of that , I want to understand it . Sonya , relax . You 're here . You 've made it . But you won 't last long , banging into walls . - It ’ ll be there for you , believe me . - OK . I promise I won 't let anything exciting go by without telling you . OK . Bridge , this is ten-forward . Guinan ? You 've never called the bridge before . - Is everything alright ? - How do you mean ? Is anything unusual happening ? Nothing out of the ordinary . Why do you ask ? I 'm not sure . It 's just a feeling . I 've had it before . It 's probably nothing . Forget that I called . Ten-forward out . The locator beam won 't help . They 'll never look this far away . Enterprise , this is Picard . Stop this foolishness , Q. Return me . You should change your attitude . Petulance ill becomes you . We have business , Picard . Keeping me prisoner will not compel me to discuss anything . It will in time . I appreciate your advice , Lieutenant . I 'll take it to heart . Guinan ? - Can I get you something ? - We 're fine . Is everything alright ? I don 't know . I 'll check out Engineering . I 'll go with you . - Where is the Captain ? - In his quarters ? Captain , this is Counsellor Troi . - Computer , locate Capt Picard . - The Captain is not aboard . Commander , there is a shuttle missing from bay two . - All stop . - Answering all stop , sir . I have hailed the shuttle on all frequencies . No response . Sensors indicate no shuttle or other ships in this sector . Let 's assume the Captain is aboard that shuttle . How could he leave without us knowing ? Impossible . Take it easy , Wes , we 'll find him . Begin a search . Worf ? Set sensors on maximum scan . Data , use our present location as a centre . Plot a search pattern from these coordinates to cover the most area in the least time . - Search pattern input , sir . - Engage , Mr Crusher . First Officer 's log , stardate 42761.3 . We have not determined why or how Capt Picard left the Enterprise . We are not sure he is in the missing shuttle , although that is our assumption . For the last six hours , we have searched without success . We have covered the area in a spherical pattern which a ship without warp drive could cross in the given time . Widen the area . Do we stay out here years ? Decades ? I am ageless , Picard . You are not . The Enterprise will continue with Riker as Captain . You are an impossibly stubborn human . Return me to my ship . If I do , will you agree to give my request a full hearing ? You 're right , Picard . This is the proper venue for our discussion . Commander , my status board indicates that the shuttle is back . - Computer , locate Capt Picard . - Capt Picard is in ten-forward . I knew it was you . You ! Picard , if you had any sense , you would get her off your ship . If you like , I 'd be more than pleased to expedite her departure . - You know him ? - We have had some dealings . Those " dealings " were two centuries ago . This creature is not what she appears to be . She 's an imp . Where she goes , trouble always follows . You speak of yourself , not Guinan . Guinan ? Is that your name now ? Guinan is not the issue , you are . We agreed you would stop meddling with us . - And so I have . - State your business . Out with it ! I agree , Captain . Enough about this creature . She is diverting us from the purpose of my being here . Which is ... ? The redoubtable Cmdr Riker . And Microbrain . Growl for me . Let me know you still care . - Worf ... - My purpose is to join you . - As what ? - A member of crew . Willing and able . Ready to serve . This ship is already home for the indigent , the unwanted , the unworthy . Why not for a homeless entity ? Homeless ? The other members of the Q Continuum kicked you out ? Not all the Q are alike . Some are almost respectable . Ready and willing ... Able to serve ... What would you do ? Would you start as an ordinary crewman ? What task is ... too menial ... for an entity ? - Sir , do you mock me ? - That is the last thing I would do . You are part of our charter . We seek out new life forms and you are one of the most unique . To learn about you is , frankly , provocative . But you 're next of kin to chaos . Captain , at least hear my argument . After our last encounter , I was asked to leave the Q Continuum . Since then I 've wandered vaguely , bored really , my existence without purpose . Then I remembered the good times with you . The good times ? You tried us for the crimes of humanity . - You were exonerated . - Then you asked me - to join the Q continuum . - You should have taken up my offer . More and more I realize that here is where I want to be . Think of the advantages . Now , I neither expect nor require any special treatment . If necessary , although I can 't imagine why , I will renounce my powers and become as weak , as incompetent as you all . No . No ? Captain , in fairness , let me try . - I deserve at least that much . - You kidnapped the Captain ... I add spice to your lives , and you complain . Where is your adventurous spirit ? Picard , think of the possibilities . Simply speaking , we don 't trust you . Maybe not , but you do need me . You are not prepared for what awaits you . How can we be prepared for that which we do not know ? But we are ready to encounter it . - Really ? - Yes . That 's why we 're out here . The arrogance ... They don 't have a clue as to what 's out here . But they will learn , adapt . That is their greatest advantage . They are moving further than they should . - By whose calculations ? - You judge yourselves against the pitiful adversaries you 've met so far . The Romulans , the Klingons ... They are nothing compared to what 's waiting . Picard , you are about to move into areas of the galaxy containing wonders more incredible than you can possibly imagine . And terrors to freeze your soul . I offer myself as a guide , only to be rejected out of hand . - We 'll do our best without you . - What justifies that smugness ? Not smugness , not arrogance . We are resolute , we are determined ... .. and your help is not required . - We 'll just see how ready you are . - Q ! Bridge , this is the Captain . All stop . Answering all stop , sir . Status ? According to coordinates , we have travelled 7,000 light years and are located near the system J-25 . Travel time to the nearest starbase ? At maximum warp , in two years , seven months , three days , 18 hours , we would reach Starbase 185 . Why ? Why ? To give you a taste of your future , a preview of things to come . Con permiso , Capitán . The hall is rented , the orchestra engaged . It 's now time to see if you can dance . Guinan , your people have been in this part of the galaxy . - Yes . - What can you tell us ? Only that if I were you , I 'd start back now . Captain 's log , stardate 4276 1.9 Despite Guinan 's warning , I feel compelled to investigate this unexplored sector of the galaxy before heading back . Captain , the sixth planet in the system is Class-M . It has roads , indicating a highly industrialized civilization . But where there should be cities there are great rips in the surface . It is as if all machine elements were scooped off the planet 's face . It is identical to what happened to the outposts of the Neutral Zone . Captain , we are being probed . - What is the source of the probe ? - A ship . On an intercept course . On screen . Magnify . - Full scan . - Go to yellow alert . - Yellow alert . - Keep the shields down . We don 't want to seem provocative . Mr Data , what can you tell us ? The ship is strangely generalized in design . There is no specific bridge , no command centre . There is no engineering section . I can identify no living quarters . - Life signs ? - There is no indication of life . Lt Worf , what is its alert status ? I detect no shields , no weapons of any known design . - Hailing frequencies . - Open . This is Capt Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise . - No response . - This is Capt Picard , representing the United Federation of Planets . Guinan . Activate your screen and monitor this . I may need your input . I 'm here , Captain . View screen is activated . I have the other ship . - You know this life form ? - Yes . My people encountered them a century ago . They destroyed our cities , scattered my people throughout the galaxy . They 're called the Borg . Protect yourself , Captain , or they will destroy you . - Shields up . - Aye , sir . All decks stand by . Security , come to Main Engineering . We have an intruder . Lieutenant ? Status ? It made a visual survey of the engine core , sir , then moved in here . Interesting , isn 't it ? Not a he , not a she . Not like anything you 've ever seen . An enhanced humanoid . What is it you want ? We mean you no harm . Do you understand me ? Understand you ? You 're nothing to him . He 's not interested in your life form . He 's the first of many scouts , here to analyze your technology . He may attempt to gain control of the ship . I wouldn 't let him . Stop . I cannot allow you to interfere with the operation of this ship . - Mr Worf . - Ensign . Use whatever means to neutralize the invader . Because her people had contact with the Borg , I have asked Guinan along . You are aware of what occurred in Main Engineering ? Yes . What happened between your people and the Borg ? I wasn 't there personally . But from what I 'm told , ... .. they swarmed through our system . And when they left , there was little or nothing left of my people . If they were that aggressive , why didn 't the Borg attack when they could ? They don 't attack individually . It 's not their way . When they decide to come , they 'll come in force . They don 't do anything piecemeal . The initial encounter was solely to gather information ? Yes . How do we reason with them , let them know we 're no threat ? You don 't . At least , I 've never known anyone who did . Captain , we are being hailed . On screen . - This is Capt Jean-Luc Picard ... - Your defensive capabilities are unable to withstand us . If you defend yourselves , you will be punished . Counsellor ? We 're not dealing with an individual mind . They have no single leader . It is the collective minds of them all . That would have definite advantages . One leader can make mistakes . It 's far less likely in a combined whole . Picard ... Are you sure you don 't want me as a member of your crew ? Captain , the Borg have locked on to us with a tractor beam . We 're on our way . Report , Lieutenant . - The beam is draining our shields . - We 'll be helpless . Warp eight , any heading . Engage . Captain , the beam is holding us . - Increase power . - Shields weakening . - Shields will be down in 18 seconds . - Locate tractor beam source . Lock on phasers . Fire . - They still have us . - Shields are down , sir . A laser beam is slicing into the saucer section . Carving us up like a roast . Use whatever force necessary . Terminate the beam . Fire when ready . Again , Mr Worf . Tractor beam released , sir . Force field maintaining our hull integrity . - Damage report ? - Coming in , sir . Sections 27 , 28 and 29 on decks four , five and six destroyed . Casualties ? 18 were in that section and are missing . What is the condition of the alien ship ? They have sustained damage to 20 percent of their vessel . Life support is minimal . Conference . I can 't get the shields up . Divert power from anywhere but life support . It wouldn 't help . The circuits that control the shields are fused . If you can 't reprogram , reroute . 18 people ... - Dead , just like that . - I know . Put it out of your head . - No , I can 't , I keep seeing them . - Sonya , stop . We can grieve later . Let 's get these shields operative . Right , of course . Guinan , how much more can you tell us about these creatures ? - Bits and pieces . - Anything would help . They 're made up of organic and artificial life which has been developing for thousands of centuries . The Borg is the ultimate user . They 're unlike any threat your Federation has ever faced . They 're not interested in political conquest , wealth or power as you know it . They 're interested in your ship , its technology . They have identified it as something they can consume . You brought us here , exposed us to it and cost us the lives of our shipmates . Oh , please ... Number One ... 18 of our people have died . Please , tell us this is one of your illusions . No . This is as real as your so-called life gets . This is Lt La Forge , Captain . We 've been able to restore power to the shields . Very good . Captain , casualty list coming on screen . Cancel . We 'll deal with that later . Sir , if we 're to have any further dealings with the Borg , we should find out all we can about them . - Visit the ship ? - I believe that 's the only choice . - Assemble a minimal away team . - What ? Mr Worf , transporter room three . Data . I wouldn 't go there , if I were you . They paid us a visit . It seems only fair to return the courtesy . Captain 's log , supplemental . We have been attacked by an alien race which Guinan calls the Borg . We seem to have neutralized their vessel . Cmdr Riker is leading an away team to try to learn more about them . There are no life-sign readings . I 'll set you down in the least damaged section of the Borg ship . Set phasers on stun . Be ready to increase power if we need it . Energize . I wonder why they don 't react . Or why we read no life signs . - Especially with so many of them . - We scanned for individual life . Apparently , in these slots , they become a part of the whole and no longer read as separate life forms . - Captain ? - Go ahead , Number One . Our readings were incorrect . The Borg crew survived . They are in some kind of stasis . - Explain . - There are slots along the wall , compartments , with two Borg in each . Captain , I theorize that they are interconnected through these slots - and are working collectively . - We 'll access their main computer . Commander , I believe each slot is designed for a specific Borg . Here is where the connection is made . Like a juggernaut , it could begin moving at any moment . The technology behind this biological and artificial interface is beyond our capabilities . There are many advantages . Speed being the most obvious . This ship literally thinks what it wants , then it happens . Fascinating . They either don 't see us or don 't see us as a threat . - Transporter Chief . - O 'Brien here , Captain . If your fix on the away team wavers , beam them back at once . Count on it , sir . Captain , this is incredible . We 've entered what appears to be the Borg nursery . Describe it . It looks as if the Borg are born as a biological life form . It seems that almost immediately after birth , they begin artificial implants . Apparently , they have the technology to link artificial intelligence directly into the humanoid brain . Astounding . Commander ? - What is it ? - The ship seems to be regenerating . This may explain why they have taken no notice of us . Their effort is being directed into repairing this vessel . Captain , the Borg seem to be using their combined power to repair the ship . Transporter Chief , beam the away team to the bridge . Let 's get the hell out of here . Warp eight . Mr Crusher , engage . Captain , the Borg are in pursuit . On screen . Magnify . Increase to ten to the third power . It 's continuing to regenerate . Let 's see if we can outrun them . Mr La Forge , maximum warp - for as long as we can hold it . - Yes , sir . We are now passing warp 8.5 . 8.8 . Warp nine . Arm photon torpedoes . Let 's try to slow them down . - Torpedoes armed . - Fire . - They had no effect . - We are now at warp 9.65 . The Borg are still gaining . They will follow you until you exhaust your fuel . They will wear down your defences . Then you will be theirs . Admit it , Picard , you should have stayed where you belonged . Captain 's log , supplemental . We are unable to maintain the gap from the Borg ship . Engineering to bridge . - Go ahead . - That 's all we can give you . - I understand . - Captain , they are firing on us . No reports of any damage to the Enterprise . Captain , the target was not the ship . The weapon was designed to drain the shields . Confirmed . Shield effectiveness has been reduced 12 percent . Captain , the Borg ship is closing . They 're firing again . Shields reduced 41 percent . Another hit and we will be defenceless . - Arm photon torpedoes . - Torpedoes armed . Fire photons . The Borg ship was not damaged . You can 't outrun or destroy them . Damage them and their essence remains . They regenerate and keep on . Eventually you will weaken . Your reserves will be gone . They are relentless . The Borg ship is firing . We have lost shields again . Captain , we 've just lost the warp engines . Where 's your stubbornness now , your arrogance ? Do you still profess to be prepared for what awaits you ? Borg ship re-establishing its tractor beam . - Lock on photon torpedoes . - Yes , sir . Without our shields , at this range it is probable a photon detonation could destroy the Enterprise . - Prepare to fire . - I 'll be leaving now . You thought you could handle it , so handle it . Q , ... end this . Moi ? What makes you think I 'm inclined or capable to terminate this ? If we all die , here , ... now , ... .. you will not be able to gloat . You wanted to frighten us . We 're frightened . You wanted to show us that we were inadequate . For the moment , ... I grant that . You wanted me to say I need you . I need you . Position ? 070 , mark 63 , sir . Back where we started . That was a difficult admission . Others would have been humiliated to say those words . Another man would have rather died . I understand what you 've done here , Q. But the lesson could have been learned without losing 18 of my crew . If you can 't take a bloody nose , go home and crawl under your bed . It 's not safe out here . It 's wondrous , with treasures to satiate desires both subtle and gross . But it 's not for the timid . Mr Crusher , set course for the nearest starbase . Course laid in for Starbase 83 , sir . Engage . Q set a series of events into motion , bringing your contact with the Borg much sooner than it should have come . Now , perhaps when you 're ready , it might be possible to establish relations with them . But for now , for right now , ... .. you 're just raw material to them . Since they are aware of your existence ... They will be coming . You can bet on it . Maybe Q did the right thing for the wrong reason . - How so ? - Well , ... .. perhaps what we most needed was a kick in our complacency , to prepare us for what lies ahead .
