 ( RED DWARF THEME ) I understand you played an idiotic prank on a senior and much respected officer yesterday . That is just not true , sir . We played the prank on Mr Ackerman , sir . Oh , I see . What happened ? We inserted a capsule of the truth serum , sodium pentothal , into his asthma inhaler , sir . Which is why he ... " Rushed onto the bridge this morning , apologised for being late " saying he 'd been having jiggy-jiggy with the Science Officer 's wife " and hadn 't allowed enough time to change out of his Batman outfit . " - Permission to snigger , sir ? - Permission refused . May have to snigger anyway , sir . - Do either of you have anything to say ? - About what , sir ? About Mr Ackerman . About him being late and wearing a Batman outfit . Has he considered being Tarzan ? Costume change would be much quicker . You two are both serving a two-year sentence in the brig . Do you want to get out ? Ever ? It 's just that Mr Ackerman 's so ... horrible , sir . I am not , sir . I 'm extremely nice . Lovely , in fact . Warm , caring , but most of all , nice . Hence my nickname , " Nicey " Ackerman . That 's why I entered the service , sir , so I could share my sunny disposition with inmate scum who didn 't have my start in life . Sir , he 's been horrible from the moment we first met him . Today , we have a new intake . To them I say , obey the rules . Keep out of trouble and your time here will pass much more pleasantly . - Welcome to Floor 13 . - Seems like a nice guy . - Lf you want to speak , ask my permission . - I was just saying how nice you seemed . You spoke again . But I was paying you a compliment , buddy . I was saying how you seemed to be a fair-minded , okay kind of guy , not one of these psycho types you sometimes get who run prisons . You spoke again . Come on , dude , back me up . Hang on , wait ! I get it , I should shut up . If I shut up , they 'll stop hitting me . That is definitely the key . - That is totally untrue , sir ! - Save it . - What actually happened ... - Save it . Save it , Mr Ackerman . I 've thought long and hard about a suitable punishment and I 've come up with this . You , and a team of your choice , will play basketball - against a team of guards led by Mr Ackerman . - God bless you , sir . Where you will be trounced and humiliated in front of the entire inmate population . But , sir , if we lose , Baxter and his cronies will beat us to a pulp . You better win , then . ( SPECTATORS CHEERING ) Okay , guys , way to go . - Where were you ? - Where was I ? - You were supposed to be picking up Rice . - I did . We 're meeting for drinks on Thursday . Not that kind of picking up , you ninny . Buddies , we gotta stop arguing . We can 't lose this . - Got it all taken care of . - As soon as the guards swig their half-time juice . The skutters smuggled something out of the Medi-Lab for us . You know the stuff that helps impotent guys put zest back in their love lives ? Boing , the virility enhancement drug ? That 's the stuff . We 've Mickey Finned their drinks . Within seconds , you 're harder than a quadratic equation . And it doesn 't wear off for seven hours . For seven hours those guys are going to be like catapults . - That 's going to seriously slow them down . - You 're not kidding . Try moving fast with a fishing pole in your pants . Get out there and kill . They 're lambs to the slaughter . Go on , go get them . ( SPECTATORS CHEERING ) Get him , Ackerman , get him . Get your hands up ! Get your hands up . Don 't let them shoot . Don 't let them shoot ! Yes ! Seven hours . Do you know how long that is ? I couldn 't remove my shorts until after midnight . When I wanted a leak , I had to do a handstand on the toilet seat . I stopped the lift doors from closing , I wasn 't even catching a lift . - Where 'd you get it , the Medi-Lab ? - Yes , sir . How ? If it was one of those damn skutters , I 'm gonna have it crushed . It was me , sir . When the Doc 's back was turned . I went up to the Medi-Lab for a sick note , but the Doc thought I was feigning illness and didn 't accept it was possible to have athlete 's hand . First thing tomorrow you 're on spud duty for two weeks . Now get out of my sight , both of you . Ha ! - Stuck ? - Yeah . God , this is hard . - What are you doing , a crossword ? - No , join-the-dots . - What number are you stuck on ? - 124 . 124 . 124 . Have you tried 125 ? I know the number , you gimboid . It 's finding it that 's the hard bit . I 'm not some brain-dead simpleton . Ah , there it is . Look at that . It 's a bucket and spade . It 's clever that , isn 't it ? Ah , supper . Are we supposed to tip them ? I 'm never sure . I 've seen things more appetising on the floors of elephant houses . Only a total idiot would eat this . They call this meat ? My grandmother 's buttocks deep-fried in old chip fat would taste better than this . We 're on the punishment menu now . No chips , no ice cream , just the basics . - Because we 're on punishment detail ? - Yeah . Kill Crazy reckons they give us the cloning experiments that have gone wrong with some gravy slopped over to disguise it . You waited until I was swallowing till you said that , didn 't you ? He swears blind the other day he got something with two noses in it . Of course he didn 't . They can 't do that , it 's illegal . His starter sneezed ! Jimbo Steele was a witness . Kill Crazy 's insane . He 's got lots of strange ideas . He reckons every time they flush a loo on a plane , it drops straight out . And that 's why they don 't let you go to the lav when the plane 's standing on the runway . For fear of skid starts . - He 's probably right . - Of course he isn 't . - Why else wouldn 't they let you go , then ? - I don 't know . Maybe they 're helping you break up your journey . If they let you go to the loo first off , you 'd have nothing to do after you 've eaten your cheese . No , Kill Crazy 's probably right . That 's why houses on the flight path are always so cheap . - ' Cause of all the flushing planes ? - Yeah , well , think about it . You can 't sunbathe , you can 't have a barbecue and every time you go out , you got to wear a washable hat and leg it to your car . It 's the noise . That 's why houses on the flight path are so cheap because of the noise . - The noise ? - Yeah . They 're half a mile up . You 'd never be able to hear people on the loo from that distance . Not unless they were like my Uncle Dan . - Not eating ? - Yeah . Yeah . In a minute . ( METALLIC TAPPING ) Yah ! Oh ! Chicken vindaloo . Nice one , Bob . What about the poppadums ? You didn 't forget them , did you ? Poppadums . Here 's a little something for you . Same time tomorrow . Cheers . Is that the skutter who got you the stiffening solution for the basketball game ? Yeah . He can get anything can Bob . A claw in every pie . Tomorrow we 're on spud duty and those knives are supposed to be as sharp as a chemistry teacher 's cardigan . Do you reckon he can get us a couple of good potato peelers ? Hang on , I 'm onto something here . Forget the potato peelers . What we want is one of those programmable viruses from the science block . Programmable what ? Yeah , they used to be on Z deck . I wonder if the nanos have reconstructed them . You can programme them to do anything you want . Eat potato skins , you name it . So we could programme them to eat the skins off the potatoes and leave the rest intact ? We wouldn 't have to lift a finger . Two weeks of hell would become potato paradise ! I 'll get on the blower to Bob 's missus , she 'll take a message for us . Bob 's got a missus ? Yeah , Madge . She 's amazing , nought to 60 in under 10 minutes . ( TAPPING RHYTHMICALLY ) ( RHYTHMIC METALLIC TAPPING ) Damn . - Can 't he help us ? - No , wrong number . I got the Chinese laundry . Do you need anything ironing ? Now remember , two entire battalions went missing from this ship . Vanished without trace . We must stick together and remain constantly vigilant . One minute , everything 's fine . Then you lose concentration for a split second and you 're all alone , and easy pickings for some hostile life form . I know you think I 'm a bit of a fusspot when it comes to safety procedures . But it 's staying alert that has kept us all ... Kept us ... Hello ? Oh , Creator . I 'm on my own . Hey , buddy . We 're in here . What is the point of me giving my " Stay alert , everyone " pep-talk if no one is listening ? What ? Look at this . What are they , Hol ? They look uncannily like something you should be very , very afraid of . - What ? - Mime artists . The ones you get in those trendy town centres that chase you down the street and freeze when you look at them , and everyone laughs at you . I 've never seen anything like this before . A group of men who display all the normal life signs , but seem totally incapable of movement . Never seen QPRplay away , then ? Tempus ? That 's Latin for time . Latin ? I didn 't even know the Romans built spaceships . Somehow this device appears to have caused time to freeze . Obviously , they used it erroneously . Where did ... you come from ? And how did ... you get hold of that ? It 's some kind of tem ... poral sto ... rage unit . Extraordinary ! Hey , this could be a great device for settling arguments . Don 't mess ... with that thing . It can ... really screw ... ew-ew-ew ... you up . It appears to be able to digitise time and then download it and store it on a hard drive . This pure time can then be uploaded into objects , or places . To freeze people ? Technically they 're not frozen , ma 'am , merely operating in a different time stream . So you mean , they 're moving , just incredibly slowly ? About the same speed as the average Little Chef waitress . That 's why they don 't appear to be actually doing anything . So this device has the ability to make time come to a complete stop . What else can it do ? What 's happened ? Kryten , why are you so big and why do I suddenly feel like a Vimto ? Why , you got to get me back to normal . Do something ! I can 't go back like this . Why not ? You may only be three feet tall but you 're both as cute as buttons . What happened to my hair ? And what 's happened to mine ? You look like the Turkish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest . It seems to have restored your hair to a previous time period to the rest of you . Compensating . Now it 's regressed your outfits to a previous time in your lives . And you still look like the Turkish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest . So , here 's the question . Can you unfreeze these guys but take them back in time so they have no memory of finding this ? I think so , ma 'am . Why ? If we can smuggle this thing back on Red Dwarf , it can make our prison terms pass in seconds . Leave this to me . I have an excellent place to conceal it . ( BEEPING THE GREAT ESCAPE THEME ) Nice one , Bob . It 's not working , is it ? Give it a bit of time to get going . Look . Look . - It 's working on this one . - Yes ! - And here 's another . - Yes . - And another . - Yes . And another . Fan-smegging-tastic ! Listy , we 're on our way . They 're gonna do the whole damn room in minutes . Hey , what 's happened to your sleeve , man ? - What ? - Your sleeve . I didn 't notice that before . My God , they 're eating my clothes . Well ? It wasn 't me , sir , it was him . He made me do it . Judas ! I thought we 'd agreed to refuse to talk ? Just let me blame you first , then I 'll refuse to talk . If I ever , ever see you in this office again , then you 're in the hole . Is that what you want ? - No , sir . - No , sir . Well then , get out . Thank you , sir . Thank you . You haven 't been down to the Medi-Bay to get this virus off , have you ? I probably shouldn 't have shaken your hand . That was probably a mistake . - Big mistake , sir . - I ... We 'll be going , sir . Right now . That 's it ! Two months ! In the hole ! Sir , what about me athlete 's hand ? Now ! Straight after lunch , we zap the ship with a two-year download of time and the records will show that we 've served our sentences and are free to be released . This machine 's amazing . Do you think it could do boob jobs , too ? Obviously , I 'm just thinking about the future . - You spilled my soup . - Sorry , Baxter , non-bud . It was an accident ! Hot Bovril . ( STEAM HISSING ) Look at him . The big lug . I 'd hate to clean the bath out after him . You 'd need a sander to get rid of the tidemark and a Leaf Vac to hoover the hair . Fix him ! Fix him with the time wand . Watch this . ( CHICKEN CLUCKING ) MAN : Hello ! Hey , there 's someone in here with us . Yeah , it 's that bloke sitting next to you . - Who are you ? What 's your name ? - They call me Birdman . Oh , aye ? Why 's that ? 'Cause he really likes instant custard . Why do you think ? This is Pete . He 's nine years old . Which , in sparrow years , is ... nine years old . So that makes him ... Nine ? Nine , that 's right . You met him before , have you ? Two months of this , God ! ( DRILLING ) What 's this ? ( BEEPING THE GREAT ESCAPE THEME ) What happened to everyone ? It 's like they 're all frozen on the spot . Yvonne McGruder went like this when I tried to kiss her . Hey , hey ! This 'll drive them crazy . Hey . - Guys . - Hey . - Sirs . - Buddies . This is Birdman . And this is Pete . We found this machine that can digitise time , and we can release jets of it . And we reckon it can make our sentence pass in a nanosecond . Hats off , sirs . There 's something wrong with Pete . - What ? - He 's gone all stiff . He must have drunk the guards ' half-time juice . Not that kind of stiff . He 's dead . The excitement of being free has killed him . He really loved that bird . It was the only thing that kept him going . I can 't guarantee anything , sir , but I think the time wand could bring Pete back to life . Make him young and strong again . Watch . Holy ... Smeg ! Where the hell did Barney 's ugly brother come from ? From Pete , sir . Birds are descended from dinosaurs , from the theropod family . I inadvertently reversed evolution several million years . There 's an old Cat saying which has particular relevance here . It goes something like this ... " We are all gonna die . " - Pete ? Is that you , Pete ? - Birdman ! ( SNEEZES ) Gesundheit ! You want some seed ? BIRDMAN : That 's a no , then , is it ? - What now , sir ? - Follow the Rimmer-shaped blur . ( POUNDING FOOTSTEPS ) ( ROARING ) Hey , Pete , eat me ! Here . Bob . Bob , catch . Bob ! Bob ! Come on , Kryten , hurry up ! Leg-it mode , sir . We 've lost the time wand . How the hell are we going to get rid of that thing now ? We 're finished ! Stop yelling , man . We gotta think our way out of this . ( PETE ROARING ) - We 're finished ! - Shut up and get a grip , man . I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry . It was just I was ... - Look , I 'm better now . Can I just say one thing ? - Yeah , go on . We 're finished ! Hol , we need some advice , mate . We 've been cornered by a T-Rex that was formerly a sparrow and the only thing that can turn it back into Woody Woodpecker is in its stomach . What 's your take on the situation ? - What do you want , the long or the short version ? - Ooh ... long . You 're finished . What 's the short version ? Bye . - Kryten ? - Yes , ma 'am ? How long , in the normal course of things , will it take for Pete to pass the time wand out of his system ? Well , strangely enough , ma 'am , I don 't have that information in my database . My programmers , for some insane reason , believed that dinosaur bowel movement frequency tables wouldn 't be required . Imbeciles . Why ? What 's your suggestion ? Well , the quicker we get the time wand back , the better , right ? Right . So , why don 't we lure Pete into the food bay and get him to eat some roughage ? - Get a T-Rex to eat roughage ? - Yeah . All-Bran , prunes , baked beans on toast , that sort of stuff . We can 't get Lister to eat that sort of stuff let alone a seven-ton dinosaur . The more roughage , the quicker we get the time wand back . Have you got any better ideas ? Yes , I have got a better idea , actually . I 'm gonna kill myself . ( PETE ROARS ) We 've gotta keep this dinosaur business quiet or we 're dead . Keep him quiet ? He 's rampaging about the food decks making more noise than two yodelling champions on honeymoon . Everyone on the ship will have heard him by now . But , sir , the crew are frozen , operating on a different time stream . Now , if we can recapture the time wand and turn Pete back into a sparrow before the freeze expires , no one need be any the wiser . He 's right . I just listened to everything he said and I still ain 't got a clue what 's happening . Right over , sir . Come on , Mr Cat . Right over . Cow vindaloo ? It 's not gonna work . - Of course it 's gonna work . - T-Rexes don 't like curry . They 're hard , aren 't they ? Of course they like curries . If a T-Rex was a bloke , he 'd be a Geordie . The kind of guy who wears T-shirts in the middle of winter and his nipples don 't even get hard . A seven-ton theropod is not going to eat Indian food . They like flesh . Preferably living , liberally coated in blood with a side order of intestines and an extra portion of blood . A bit like the French in that respect . We 've got nothing to lose . And if the worst comes to the worst and the dino doesn 't eat it , I 'll scoff it myself . That door 's not gonna hold out much longer . If only that damn T-Rex felt like I do now , he wouldn 't even need a curry . Don 't put that stuff in ! You 're gonna spoil the taste . Here he comes . ( CRASHING ) It 's loving it . Maybe we should have made some poppadums , gone the whole hog . The whole hog ? Like it wasn 't hard enough getting a whole cow ? I think he wants a lager . ( SCREECHES ) It was a hot one , but with it being a dino I thought it could stand it . ( ROARING WILDLY ) The time freeze on the guards must have ... If only those buttons were more clearly marked . The rules on dinosaurs aboard JMC mining ships are very clear . No pets . Am I right ? Am I right ? - Yes , sir . - Yes , sir . Have you any idea the damage that thing has caused ? - No , sir . - No , sir . It has eaten our entire supply , two and a half tons , of mint-choc ice cream . I love mint-choc ice cream and that damn dino has eaten every last bit . We were just trying to get the time wand back , sir . It has also eaten 400 crates of orange ice-pops and drank all the Coca-Cola . Guess what ? - You love orange ice-pops and Coca-Cola , sir . - Coca-Cola , sir . I love orange ice-pops and Coca-Cola . Sir , if you could just ... And do you know what happens when a dinosaur eats cow vindaloo and then eats two and a half tons of mint-choc ice cream followed by 400 crates of orange ice-pops and swills the whole thing down with 2,000 gallons of a popular fizzy drink ? Do you know what happens ? It burps ? Oh , it burps . And do you know what happened to the poor brave men who had the misfortune to get in the way of that burp ? They went ... phoar ! It took out the entire platoon hurling them 20 feet across the cargo bay wall . I hope this one , small dinosaur incident won 't tarnish an otherwise flawless service record , sir . Do you know what happens when a dinosaur eats cow vindaloo , two and a half tons of mint-choc ice cream followed by 400 crates of orange ice-pops and swills it all down with 2,000 gallons of a popular fizzy drink after it 's burped ? It feels sick ? Oh , no . It doesn 't feel sick , Rimmer , it is sick . Five of our best men nearly drowned . Two others are in hospital , concussed by pieces of carrot the size of tree trunks . - We are really , deeply , deeply , deeply sorry , sir . - So deeply ... Do you know what happens when a dinosaur has eaten cow vindaloo , then eats two and a half tons of mint-choc ice cream - followed by ... - Oh , God , it didn 't ? - It didn 't what , Lister ? - It didn 't get a diarrhoea attack , did it ? One hundred percent correct . And do you know what happened to the battalion that was sneaking up on the beast from behind , of which I was a proud member ? Do you know ? - Do you know what happened ? - Got a fair idea , sir . - Yes , sir . A fair idea , sir . - A tidal wave . Fifteen feet high . I will be in therapy for the rest of my life . I 've had 12 baths and three showers . Now , do you have anything to say ? Yes , sir . I think you missed a bit up your left nostril , sir . Nobody knows how to work this thing . It is sedated in the cargo bay . Turn it back into a sparrow . Sir , erm ... what about Bob ? Did he show up ? Who the hell do you think landed on my head ? He is in repairs being oiled . Bring back the sparrow . - And if you try anything smart , you 're dead . - Yes , sir . And , if I ever , ever , ever see you in this office again , you are finished . See you in 10 minutes . See you in 10 minutes See you in 10 minutes . See you in 10 minutes . See you in 10 minutes . Did you get punishment duty , too ? I 've got to iron 800 prison smocks . I don 't understand . Why do you get punishment duty and I get a reward ? 800 . Bliss ! Did you see the Captain 's report ? The one lying open on his desk . See what it said about you ? He used the word " imbecile " four times in one sentence . Oh , yeah ? What were the other words in the sentence ? Just your name and a dash . I don 't know , you make a couple of tiny mistakes , you give the Captain a virus that eats all his hair off , then you accidentally turn a sparrow into a dinosaur and you never hear the last of it . ( SIGHING ) He really thinks I 'm an imbecile ? I 'm finished . I 'm never going to make it into high command now . It 's just the people who know you who think you 're an imbecile . Everyone else thinks you 're a moron . He is a good Captain , though , Captain Hollister , isn 't he ? On the ball . Quick . Quick ? The only time he 's quick is when he 's passing a salad bar . You do admire him , though , don 't you ? Admire him ? A man who has his own cinema pick-and-mix factory in his quarters ? A man who has a walk-in fridge ? Who lists as his hobbies " chewing " and " swallowing " ? You did tell me once before , though , you do respect him , don 't you ? Respect him ? A man whose family crest is made up of two cream buns and a profiterole ? A man whose idea of a light snack ... He 's standing behind me , isn 't he ? Yes , he is . I was just talking about you , sir . I was saying what a big fat lump of blubber I think you are , and how that potato virus I contracted yesterday doesn 't appear to have had any strange side effects whatsoever . You forgot this . You left it in my office . Do you have any idea the damage that this could cause if it got into the wrong hands ? Look after it ! You 're there , I know you 're there , you little sod ! Come on , out . Out ! There 's a mouse under here . It 's been scuttling around for about 10 minutes . It 's not a mouse , ma 'am , it 's Archie . - Archie ? - My penis . It must have escaped . I 'm really going to have to get my ears syringed . You know what that sounded like to me ? I made one . Forget my ears , maybe my whole brain needs syringing . You made one ? Out of an old electron board , a loo roll , some sticky-backed plastic and an Action Man 's polo neck jumper . Kryten , why do you want one ? It 's so humiliating being posted to the women 's wing just because I 'm genitally challenged . So I decided to make one like Mr Lister 's . Little rascal must have got bored jumping in and out of his hoop and made a break for it during the night . No wonder I couldn 't lure him out with a bit of cheese . This whole thing 's making sense now . Just leave this to me , ma 'am . Here , Archie ! Here , boy ! ( CHIRPING ) There he is ! ( ARCHIE TWITTERING ) Kryten , do you realise what this means ? - No , ma 'am . - It means you 're a real man . It does ? Why ? Because now , like all men , you have absolutely no control over your penis . I 'm so proud ! Archie , come back ! All right , girls . New Canary mission . - What ? - Untamed dino on the loose . We 're not going in till we know what we 're doing . That could take years . You point that thing at yourself by mistake and you could wind up as a sperm . Is that what you want ? Hell , no ! None of my suits will fit . If that gizmo thing don 't work , Captain says we gotta go in and have that T-Rex . And we ain 't using no guns . Yeah , guns are for wusses . It 's gonna be hand-to-hand combat . A fistfight with a T-Rex ? Yeah , but them T-Rexes , mate , only got little arms , don 't they ? Ain 't got no reach . Yeah , I 'll just pick it off . Can 't reach anything with them little arms . That 's probably why they 're always a bit grumpy . - Oh , my God ! - What ? - Something 's wrong . - What do you mean , man ? - Something 's inside me and it wants to get out ! - Oh , my God ! ( SCREAMING ) Help ! ( TWITTERING ) - What is it ? - I think it 's Archie , sir . - It 's who ? - He escaped earlier . Probably followed us . Must have dozed off in the Cat 's pocket and just woke up . Who the smeg is Archie ? Oh , don 't be alarmed , sir . It 's just my penis is on the loose . ( YELLING ) We want to barney with Barney . Don 't want any sane people spoiling it . Death or glory . Yee-haw ! Hang on guys , come on , wait a minute . ( GRUNTING ) This thing is useless . Say goodbye to your teeth . Something 's not right . We 're getting our butts kicked and it doesn 't hurt . See , look , I 'm not even bleeding . You 're right . According to this , sirs , they 've put your bodies on a different time stream to the rest of you . Let 's go ! You lost the time wand ? - We were ambushed , sir . - By whom ? First of all by Kryten 's ... ( RIMMER MUMBLES ) And then we were jumped by ... Sir . That 's it ? Okay . No more Mr Nice Guy , no more second chances . You get that time wand back , you get that sparrow back , and if you step out of line one more time , one more time , you 're dead ! Do you understand ? What was that ? I think ... What the hell is going on ? The effects of the fight , they 've caught up with us . Get out of here , both of you . Out ! Getting that time wand back could take forever and they could zap us with it and turn us into anything . I don 't think getting it back is gonna be much of a problem . RIMMER : It 's gonna go wrong , isn 't it ? All I 've gotta do is press " undo " and the time wand will retrace its steps and undo everything it 's done so far . This way we 'll even get Birdman back . Something 's gonna go wrong . It always does for us . Will you relax ? Birdman 's boots . Now to get the rest of him back . Pete ate me . He ate me ! He must be really out of sorts . He 's never eaten me before . Never . Pete ! You want some seed ? ( PETE CHIRPING ) Now , destroy the time wand . - This machine 's priceless . - Destroy it . What are we gonna do now ? Now rebuild the time wand . It 's absolutely priceless ! ( BABY DINOSAUR SQUEALING ) Stop that dinosaur ! It 's gone in the lift ! It 's gone in the lift ! Get it back . Get it back . That coconut milk felt great . Oh , I 'm such a wreck . ( MOANING ) Ah ! Oh , that 's great . There 's a certain roughness about your touch that really hits the spot . ( ROARING ) The hole , sir . ( RED DWARF THEME SONG )
