 Empty World based on a novel by John Christopher screenplay by Bernd Schwamm directed by Wolfgang Panzer Sandra Schüttau Michael Wolf Katarin Renofstki Michelle Grund Herman Lünder Kritus Huber Lena Strawitz Tomas Ritter Heinz Witzinger Helen Johanson Tanja Wotan Eva Bauer Tanja Küfner Alana Horigan Silvia Abraham Hendricks Wulf Wilhelm Montag Now you know your new class . I hope you like it here . Now we only need to find you a seat . I think you can sit next to our genius , next to Fargas . So , and now we show Tom how we do manage the classroom . Fargas , can you take over ? I already did it last time . I ask you do do it once again . We all know , that you can do it the best . Don 't be so prudish now . Fargas , Fargas , Fargas , ... Should we ask the man on our knees ? From the 120 German lessons in this year , I have done 5 % . That 's more then 300 % then everybody else in this room . You are a born teacher . Not quite , I still do most of the teaching here . That 's because you 'd get paid for it . Money or life . 5 % for Fargas , 5 % for Fargas , ... Silence ! Silence ! If Fargas isn 't willing to show us his intellectual skills , then we have to be content ourselves with the average . Whom can we pick ? Fargas ! I didn 't say I wasn 't willing to do it . Always the same smartass . Can I ? In the last hour Professor Vogel started with us to look at journalistic texts in regards to there type , report , coverage or comment . We picked two text about AMS , the Accelerated Myrasmic Syndrom , and Professor Vogel gave us as homework to write a comment on the topic . And thus I now ask , apropos smartass , our lovely classmate Helen to present our newbie her commentary about AMS . in her own personal style . We all look forward to that . Present it yourself . Here . But properly ! You can be assured of that . Horrible scripture , so ... I lied to the pathetic hut , in the pathetic district of Kalkutta , and then I saw her twenty years old but still an old lady high into the ninties A collapsed hollow face A weak ... I entered the pathetic hut , in the pathetic district of Kalkutta , and there I saw her . Forty years old , but from the looks aged high up in the ninties . A collapsed hollow face . A feeble gesture with her bony withered hand , told me to get closer . Her mouth moves , but my ear must get closer to her lips , out of which the last words come laboriously . I extinguish without ever having seen the light . Millions extinguish without ever having seen the light . Men is at the end , the gods have left him . The task was a journalistic commentary , not a melodrama . For a text to reach its reader it needs immediacy , Smartass ! Consequence , facts , facts and facts again . Do you understand ? AMS , the Accelerated Myrasmic Syndrom , is an illness that mostly infects old people Its origin is in India , but it looks like it spread over into other countries . The symptoms of it are rapid aging .. Fargas , no medical presentation please . You can sit down , I 'll continue the lesson myself . I thought less about you looking at publications about AMS .. You 'll get your TV role . ... and not with the topic itself , but with the form of the commentary . One of the selected articles was a communication from a press agency ... * bell rings * Is it true that your whole family died in the accident ? I often imagined how that would look like . It happens when I am at school . The secretary comes into the classroom and says I have to go to the principal and he says it then . Always everybody is dead , my parents , everybody . Car crash he says then , now my lovely child you are alone and have to live at your grandparents . Do you live with your grandparents ? See I didn 't invent that , that bad . What did you say ? Grandparents and stuff , you wouldn 't understand . How long am I supposed to wait for you ? I already waited for ten minutes . We are talking if you don 't mind ! I could just drive away . Do you come with us ? Alright , then maybe another time . You don 't need to apologize to me . Tom ! The phone ! Tom ! A Helen . Yes , no , I can 't come today . My grandparents don 't allow that . My grandparents don 't allow me , not within the week . I am only allowed to go out on Saturday , I already told you that . Bye . Yes , I 'll do that . That beats everything ! As if I ever disallowed you anything . You make it seem like we would want to lock you in . Tom . You can 't always put us in front . I 'll be happy to give the hard strict grandfather for you , but that can 't continue forever . You have to go among people . You can 't just lock yourself in your room all the time . Tomorrow school is free , you could go out then . Go call the girl . That 's the girl whos father works at Sesam , youl 'll know . I don 't want to go to the cinema . Why not ? I 'll give you the money if you have none left . I have enough money , but I 'd like to stay here . Leave him alone . Youth must move . He comes over to me now for a moment , we have something to talk about . Something against that ? Please come . I can 't say what I want , nobody listens to me anyway . Do what you want , you don 't take me serious anyway . Can you please turn down the volume ! I 'll watch that now . You 'll can close the door if its to laud for you . Leave it open . ... out of control genetic research . The theory that the devilish pathogen ... I have found a buyer for the shop . He takes the shop with the whole inventory . I think it is best if we sell it , or shall we wait ? Give it away . Are you sure ? Yes . You do know that you are now a rich man for your age ? You can go to every school , wherever you want . If you don 't like it here , any boarding school . I stay here . Money isn 't a problem . Of course the boy stays here . That 's his decision . That 's so typical , how is he supposed to make that decision ? The boy stays here and you invest the money into a building loan agreement . That 's the safest thing to do . At the moment we are totally delivered to the illness and everybody can catch it . Have you heard that ? But thank God AMS isn 't spread further then known . I am of very different opinion . According to the latest communication , AMS has spread over a large part of the continent . But the official try to hide it . We shouldn 't dramatize it . We have more important things to talk about ... Silence ! ... I am convinced of that . We can 't turn every flue into AMS . You 're not interested in such things unless they happen to you ! It 's not till then that they become important . But also to late . Don 't worry , this is no different then it always was . Yesterday we were ensured that there will be no AMS infections in Germany , Today there are already the first cases . What will be tomorrow ? And if that 's the way it is , Liddy , save our lives ! Save our lives ! Necessity knows no commandment . If you the captain of the troop in a private audience , whose consequence you later easily shake of in a bathing tour . Miserable Versifex , keep silent and crawl with your pitiable life behind the oven . Up , esteemed uncle ! Lets block the door ! The weakest becomes the strongest in the sign of danger ! Noble heroic child ! She blocks the door . Put the table in front of it ! It is to heavy for us . I 'll carry it alone . Liddy , Liddy , you squish your breast with that huge table ! Where do you get the strength ? Ha ! The mob gets closer . The Freiherr and his henchman storm the door and break it open . Gun shoots can be heard ; the attackers run away . Mollfels storms in . We are saved ! Unconciously the falls into Mollfels arms . Mollfels to the baron while pointing on the Freiherr . To the baron or the Freiherr ? ! He is the leader of the attackers , you don 't understand anything ! Mord and death , that goes beyond my patience ! Transporting me gagged into the city ! Ho , is that the thanks for playing my role so godly ? I am sorry Mr. Vogel . ... I didn 't know , Mr Theaterbaron , that you are the actor V ... . Helen ! Silence please ! Helen Johansonn , you need to go to the principal . That was already quite good . * bell rings * Is it true ? My parents ? The car accident ? Baloney ! I play the main part in a TV movie . The letter arrived finally today . My mother of course called instantly . The principal must free me from class . He won 't do that . He doesn 't have a choice . Do you know how many applied for that role ? Over 500 people and they did chose me . Talent , that is what matters . Any need to be worried ? No , she is in good health otherwise . She always imagines things . At the moment it happens to be that disease . AMS ? Of course , I have a few patient which I needed to talk out of that . In the TV they told we already have it here . Yes , that 's true . The disease ? Not here in our distant little village , but in the larger cities . And what can one do against that ? Nothing . But one shouldn 't take it to seriously , they 'll find a drug against it sooner or later . Don 't you feel well ? Tom , when you are getting older . I 'll make you your chocolate now . I can do that on my own . Go back to bed . That won 't fix it . Aren 't you tired yet ? No . Why did you rip out that article ? Which article ? The one about trauma surgery . Where there pictures in it ? Tom , I didn 't ... Next time I buy the magazine myself . Tom , calm down . Come , sit down . Yes , I did rip out the page , that 's true . But because of the other article , it was probably on the back side . The article about AMS , because of your grandmother , Tom . I didn 't want her to read it . We might expect that your grandmother might die . She is old enough . Yes - That she is . Abraham Montag Fargas Miller Helen Johanson , she isn 't here today . Who can bring her the paper ? Don 't you live out there ? Tom , that 's nice of you . As you see , I commented your work more elaborately then normally . I want you to know about your achievement . Now , even so your school report is still a while off . Open up the grammar section . Hey , wait ! Hello ! Are you sick ? Why ? Because you weren 't in school today . School ? I don 't have school any more . That 's over for now . I make the movie in Munich . I 'll live for that time at my aunts in Annaberg . When do you come back ? Maybe never , maybe I 'll stay there . Here . Write me , call me . I don 't have your address . Have anything to write ? Give me your hand . Can you read the address ? Helen Johanson at family Johanson Immanuel Kant Straße 43 8043 Annaberg at Munich 089 / 791 27 24 What happened ? Tom ! Our doctor ! How we looks ! Old , like an old man . When you look at you , you 'll notice that my skin became wrinkly . My hair has grayed only a little , but the roots are already white . That 's because the human hair grows slower then the cell change happens , that is caused by AMS . I speak openly to you . Even so we teachers have instructions to hide it . The illness , the plague , has spread everywhere . Soon you will live in a world where there are no old people anymore . Even the middle aged ones will disappear . It already catched on to the thirty year olds . That is kept secret . The news are suppressed . They fear the chaos . As if that could stop the chaos from happening . I wanted you to know . I - am very tired . I suggest we end the lesson early . I say goodbye to you . They 'll infect us all ! It is a bitter truth , that your older population , especially in spring and autumn , are exposed to greater dangers dangers by flue epidemics or other infections of different kinds . As if ! Infections ! Yes , one can say that , it is not unusual that at this time of the year the numbers rise , but the statistical percent in comparison with other years , the higher number , relative to our population , seen that way , one can say , it is improper to count those higher numbers as being caused by that disease . There you here it . Everything is a lie . He is state secretary . That 's why it is a lie . See , it is my time now . I did contagioned you . Stop it already with your diseases , it 's enough when the others go crazy . Our government will try everything to protect its population . I ... Let me through . Don 't believe anything , everything is a lie . Yes , it is me . Yesterday they said the syndrome wouldn 't reach us . But believe me , all politicians lie . Look at me , it is here ! It exists ! My god ! That was ... The one from the science show . You should go to bed , come Tom . State secretary , I never trusted them . I wanna watch the news , it 's not that late . Late enough for you . You are wonderful , I am sick , the boy is sick and around us the world goes down the drain and you wanna forbid him to watch the news . Tom , you are gonna watch the news and your grandparents are going to bed . That 's how she 's always has been . No objections , come . Don 't watch to long , promise ? Let the boy alone , he 'll be fine on his own . So the disease reached the part of the world most distance from its point origin . These pictures show young people who only a few days ago showed their normal age . Today this man and this women look like their own grandparents . Whole swath of land have fallen victim to the rapid aging . And a large part of the population is dying out . Rumanian scientists managed to take the first pictures of the isolated AMS virus which they extracted from test animals . ... it is in large part infected by the AMS virus today . All surviving population has left their homes . All military and police structure has broken down . Masses of people travel from one part of the country to the next in search for non infected drinking water . Only canned food is still considered save , even dry food is supposed to be contaminated . Here in England massive conflict between the last operating police forces ... The biggest problem is the disposal of animal and human cadaver . Largely one has begone to to dig mass graves . But in some locations the surviving population has been reduced to the point of no longer being able to burry the dead . Even the liming of the dead bodies , has turned out to be not sufficient due to the lack of lime supplies . Most people were forced to just got used to the constant presents of the smell of decay . These are the last pictures which we got over satellite from one of our foreign correspondents . Since then every contact to the rest of the world as broken down , there are no longer any communications . We don 't even know if anybody survived outside this part of the earth . We have become isolated . In our studio we try to keep things up and running , me and my colleague . For days we haven 't heard news . The virus infects the otherwise resistant rats . It is believed that the whole wildlife has been wiped out . The last hope are the decontamination troops . Decontamination troops , which where issued from the last functioning civil association , the " Committee of Survival " . These decontamination troops try to disinfect the whole biotope with highly toxic substances . Members of the decontamination troops are for most part recruited from surviving inmates of high security prisons . On the decontamination runs it came to serious clashes between the surviving population and the troops . Looting was reported , but also rape , abuse of children and sexual assault from the decontamination troops . The surviving population is left alone to arbitrariness of the troops . Which have taken over most of the control , but many of them have died off over the last days . Tom , there is no point in locking yourself in . Open the door Tom ! Tom ! The drugs don 't help at all . We are only supposed to take them so that we don 't go crazy . I know Tom , what they distribute is only sedative . I didn 't take it either . I am not going to take a sedative , now where all of that is happening . You must go watch this , help us ! Look what is happening in the world , Tom ! Look at the world ! I can 't do that , I can hardly my ass up anymore . Everybody tries to hide , just when it gets interesting . Do you understand Tom ? * helicopter noise * The last Judgement is coming , this is the last message of the people . God has punished us for our arrogance , our acquisitiveness and our lack of morals . Like it is written in the bible , in the revelation . God has relieved us from this life . Nobody will escape his just punishment . This is the voice of god . This is the final roll call . Voice of God ... This is the last appeal ... This is the last appeal ... What 's your name ? Where are your parents ? Mom ? Dad ? Susi ? How long have you been here ? Is there any body else around here ? I am Tom and you are Susi . Tom , Susi . We have to walk now . Wait here , I need something to drink . You too . Come on ! Come ! You can 't sit here , we need to find something to drink . You have to learn this . The other way around . The other way . That way ! Push it firmly ! Very firmly ! You have to turn it in the other direction , grab it firmly ! Now turn it . Yes , good . Nice . Now its open . Next is it my turn . Tomorrow , when I am no longer , then you have to know this . Come ! You will have made it soon . Here we will find something to drink . Susi ! You have learned it finally . Damn chain . Hey , you are still alive . Haven 't you found anything more comfortable for sleeping ? Don 't know . Who are you ? Claude , Claude Dubosc . Really Count Claude Dubosc . My old man was the duke of Blenheim , but you can call be Claude Tom Miller . Cool man . Tom , don 't take it amiss , but you look like a corpse . I have hunger . No , problem , everything is in stock . A cognac ? Doesn 't matter , anything . At the next opportunity I should fill up my stock . We take these , the art nouvau glasses are far to small if you are really thirsty . Where did you get all that stuff ? Oh , that 's just a few little things which I saved from the castle of my ancestors . In the past they of course weren 't in the camping trailer . Great , a lot of space here . Yes , one can bear it . Here . Bathroom and shower . This is my salon . Chippendale , a Persa , Rennbrand , of course I could only take the smaller paintings with me . Impressive . Yes , one can bear it . And what 's with you ? What did you do ? I just drove around . Have you meet anybody ? Yes , at the beginning . Did all of them die ? Probably , but I never stayed that long . Um , I need to show you this . Come here , come . What do you think of that ? Our family jewels ? Yes , exactly . And you ? Do you have anything with you ? No , nothing . What is dangling on that chain ? That , that is a clock from my grandfather . Nice , yes . Drink ! I have more of that . I am tired . Come drink a gulp ! That 'll wake you up . Graf Benheim , Dubosc or what ? That 's my name . Can I sleep here ? Of course , feel right at home . Come , lay down , take a nap , I am going outside . Do you see anything ? Maybe its such a guy again . Calm down and don 't shoot immediately again . Maybe it 's just a dog . That 's not such a guy , he is only thirteen at most . Helen ! What are you doing here ? Do you know each other ? Have you been here long ? Yes . And your parents ? Yes . What 's with the movie ? I tried to call you a few times . Are you sick ? AMS Come , lay down . That 's not an option , I don 't want to have that guy around . Why ? He can sleep here . Up here there is no space . Down there it 's awful . I don 't care . It 's alright . In case you get thirsty . Tom is your name ? I am Kiki If it was my choice , you could have stayed . Helen , stop the crazy ! Come out ! Clear case , we have to break open the door . How are we supposed to do that ? Helen , open up . Something must have happened . We have to break open the door . How ? My point exactly . Helen ! Leave me alone , damn it ! At least now she is talking . It 's ok . I would like to use the bathroom . Go away ! I am going to take a look around . And close the window ! Or else the damn dogs might come in . You are really bitchy , what do you have against him ? He shall sleep somewhere else ! Do you want a cup of tea ? Hey you , how about if Tom would play Jean Ernest ? The husband . Then finally we could play it correctly . That would be nice . That 's enough , at last . Stop , let me handle that . Are you crazy ! If there is another guy going around , you can here that miles across . What guy ? Put that rifle away ! Either you be considerate of Helen or you go away ! What , she can sit on a tack , what does she even fancy herself ? You have to understand , she has been through a lot . There was recently a guy . What kind of guy ? Around 16 ? Rings on all his fingers ? No , rubbish , he was much older . He was from the decontamination troops , a brutal guy with a bunch of dogs . I can handle that guy . I 'll stay . I am not going away . I searched for somebody the whole time . Now I am going to stay . Or we can go together . I am not making you go , but we have to try to help Helen . Why help ? I don 't know whom shall I chose ? Amelie or is it Annmarie . But even more then her I love Antonnette . No , Angelige . What is love ? Love is a colorful ball and however high you throw it , it will come back to earth . How true , here I stand with all my doubt . Especially you don 't know the text . Don 't get so agitated , we 'll pull this through . I wish you would know him , I always valued your judgement . You want me to test them out , I will do that . And you will be my witness . Ok , I 'll wait next door . No , into the closet . Fine by me , into the closet . That 's where I should go in ? That 's what the text says . Ok , I don 't wanna be a killjoy . Leave an air cap so that I can hear you better . Shut up ! It was the gardener not the confessor . Do you love Jean Ernest ? Stop it . Helen , I don 't want to continue this . Hey Tom , it doesn 't work that way . I want out . Keep quiet ! Do you really love him ? Open up ! I can 't breath ! Come on , open up ! I don 't wanna see that asshole any more . I can 't breath ! Let me out of here ! You dirty pig ! You dirty pig , I 'll kill you ! I 'll pull the trigger , stop right there ! Shoot ! Shoot ! Kill him too already . Do you make such a big deal out of everything ? That wasn 't so bad . Kiki ! Somebody is laying there . I know . Is that the guy with the dogs ? Did you do that ? Kiki ! Don 't stay around , do something ! Help ! Tom ! Help ! Tom ! Help me ! Tom ! Help ! Tom ! Help ! Help ! Tom ! Do something ! Help ! Tom ! Help ! Go away ! Help ! Tom ! Hey ! Go way ! Go ! Help ! Go way ! Tom ! Help ! Help me ! Help ! Tom ! Helen ! Get lost ! Away ! Go away ! Kusch ! Go away ! Get lost ! Away ! Sit ! Sit down ! Silence ! Sit ! sit ! Have you locked up ? Everything ? Of course . Even in the back where the windows are broken ? Everything is locked up . Doesn 't that ever stop ? Don 't be frightened . I am going to bad . Good night . Stay here . Here is more then enough space . I am all dirty . Then undress yourself . Tom , that looks horrible . How did that happen ? Just the rifle . Are those the dogs from the guy laying on the stairs ? Here is no space for three . Alright . Do we still have tea ? Make one yourself ! Helen is sleeping . I gave her a sedative , just a light one , so that she relaxes . Does that hurt ? It 's alright . The man , that raped her , is dead . But she is still frightened . He is dead . She had to do it . It 's alright . I have dry lips . Stay calm . Stay calm . I bring you your owner . And here , some food . Come . The dogs ! Be more careful ! Tom ! Hey , Tom ! Stop ! The dogs ! Stop ! The dogs ! Stop it , you can stop ! But the dogs , the dogs could come in . Do you see dogs anywhere ? They 'll stay where they are . But why ? I have brought them their owner . We are rid of them now . Are you still mad at me ? You can forget it here , we go away . No . I wanna know what is happening outside . There is no point in staying here and walling us in . But it is so nice here ? Forget it ! Somewhen we will have everything eaten up . I planed everything . We pack what we need . I don 't know . We can sleep in the truck . And even cook . Yes , but Helen ? You are being watched , TV is back . Stop with that baloney , we have to talk . We take a survey . Young men , how would you reach happiness ? Helen , listen . Young women , how do you become happy ? Follow me and you will find the answer . Come ! What 's next . Attention , now ! Is your life a sequence of sad and depressing days ? Would one million in cash solve all your problems ? You play lottery but never won anything at all ? I can help you , thanks to my epiphany . Science now confirms the influence of the stars on our lives more and more . Frequently lottery winners announce that they got the number dictated . Dictated by whom ? You risk nothing ! My message is free . Send me your personal data . And you will get the golden winning numbers in return . Help yourself , then God will help you . Please include return postage ! Win the lottery . Escape the confinement of your everyday . Travel to the end of the world with the partner of your dreams . That here I like even more . When did you create that ? Just now , don 't you like it ? I do , really professional . Include return portage , ridiculous . Sure , whatever I do , you hate it . Stop it ! Tom has a great idea . I am for a change of location . We take the truck . Go away ! I don 't need you , go away ! Yeah , you make your own show . Go to make TV . Are you crazy ? I can say you that much , without Helen I go nowhere . Fine with me , then rot here , plant yourself . Tom ! Just run after him , I already know how it goes . What goes ? What goes ? I don 't care if you stay , go away with him . Helen , I want that we stay together . You and me and Tom . Do you think I am going to look at you when ... When we what ? He is such a idiot , even just seeing it agitates me . He is driving away ! I hope , I hope he never comes back . We 've got rid of him . Well maybe it 's better that way . Is there no soda water left ? No , we are out of it . Pity , that was much more fun for washing . Yes , we could build a swimming pool out of the rubber boat . Heated ? Yes , true . Then we take champagne , champagne belongs into the rubber boat . Love is like a colorful ball that gets thrown around and how high ... Please don 't . Without Jean Ernst it 's no fun . And its also my text . In bad times a glass champagne is always the best . That 's no real caviar . Because it is in cans ? The real one is in cans as well , but looks different , tastes different . I like this . I once read in a newspaper that an old man out of fear of hunger started to collect cans . He really walled himself with those . He couldn 't even watch out of the window . Cans everywhere . Under the bed , at the window , even in the bathroom . In the bathroom ? Yes , really . He didn 't have any overview . He died of fish poisoning when he ate one of his cans . I don 't like any more . I 'll warm up of the lobster soup . I like my desert now . I 'll make chocolate pudding . I think we need a new gas bottle . I 'd prefer jelly . Kiki , in Gods name , take the gas bottle down there , that 's gonna explode ! Whole camping sites have been blown up because of that . Do you miss him ? Who ? Actually he was quite nice . I 'll pull through . Do you understand why he ran away ? I could have told you instantly that he is not going to stay for very long . It was kind of nice with us three . I hope he makes it . * barf * Arg ! You where lucky , no broken bones . But cuts , And bruises Your ass is a single huge bruise . You really fell on your ass . * laughing * Kiki , I 'll have to apologize to you . Tom , let us drive away together . Everything will be all right . I love you very much .
