 ( POP MUSIC ) # When I saw you for the first time # First time # My knees began to quiver # Quiver # And I got a funny feeling # Feeling # In my kidneys and my liver # Digestive system , baby # My hands they started shakin # Shakin' # My heart began a-thumpin' # Boom , boom , boom ! # My breakfast left my body # Huey , huey , huey # It all really tells me something # Girl , you make me tongue-tied # Tongue-tied # Tongue-tied # Whenever you are near me # Near me # Tied tongue # Tied tongue # Tied tongue # Tied tongue # Whenever you 're in town # I saw you across the dance floor # Dancing # I thought of birds and bees # Reproductive system , baby # But when I tried to speak to you # Talk , talk # My tongue unravelled to my knees # Flippety-flippety-flop # I tried to say " I love you " # Love you # But it came out kind of wrong , girl # Wrong , girl # It sounded like , " Noo-noony-nee-noo " # Tongue-tied Na-ner-ner-ner-nee-nung , nlri # Because you make me tongue-tied # Tongue-tied # Tongue-tied # Whenever you are near me # Near me # Be-dobby-durgle , dobby-durgle # Tongue-tied , tongue-tied # Whenever you 're around # Oh , I 'm beggin ' on my knees # Sweet , sweet darling , listen , please # Understand me when I say # Bedurble diggle doggie - dooby-doggle-durgle-day # I 'm trying to say nungy-nangy # Nangy-nongy # Ningy-nongy # Why can 't I tell you clearly ? # Clearly # Be-dobby-durgle # Dobby-durgle # Durgle-dobby # Durgle-dobby # Whenever you 're around ... # - This isn 't the one . - What isn 't ? I 'm looking for this dream I had on the dream recorder . It was sensational . - What was it about ? - Me , three girls and a tub of banana yoghurt ! You cats have a strange attitude to women . Say what , goalpost-head ? It 's all sex . No sense of settling down , long-term relationships . Hey , as soon as I find the right small group of girls , the seven or eight women who are right for me , my wandering days are over . You see ? Totally maladjusted . That 's rich from the man whose favourite book is " How To Pick Up Girls By Hypnosis " . There 's nothing wrong with that . It 's a good book and it works . Get outta town ! That 's how I met Lorraine . You hypnotised her into a date ? Yes . I gave her the old " There 's something in your eye " technique , fixed her with the Mesmer stare ... and bingo , she agreed to go on a date . - What was wrong with her ? - Nothing . Come on . She went out with you . She was an attractive , bright young lady . It MUST work , then . - Of course , she had an artificial nose . - What ? ! Oh , tastefully done . Quality metal , no rivets . - Come on , what happened ? - Things were a bit stilted in the taxi . My jokes about her nose hadn 't gone down well . They were quality gags , like , " Where are we going ? Who nose ? " No cheap shots . Anyway , at the restaurant , she had an attack of nerves . She went to the loo and climbed out the window . - I wonder why . - Not because she didn 't like me . She phoned and said she 'd love another date , only she had to move to Pluto . You 're a sad weasel of a man , Rimmer . No , I 'm just uncomfortable with the opposite sex . You see them as aliens to be conquered with trickery . They 're people . You don 't need books on hypnosis and ... what 's the other one ? " 1001 Fabulous Chat-up Lines . " Lister , those chat-up lines are guaranteed . - There 's no such thing . - All right . You be a woman , OK ? On your own in a bar , short leather miniskirt , peephole bra ... OK . Go on . This is the most incredible chat-up line you 've ever heard . - Go on . - OK ... Excuse me , would you like to join me for a cocktail ? - No . - You can 't say no . - You 've got to say yes . - Oh , right . OK . Go on . - So , would you like a wormdo ? - What 's that , then ? - What 's what ? - A wormdo . - What about it ? - Is this still the opening line ? - You 're not giving the right replies ! - What 's that ? I say , " Would you like a cocktail ? " You say " Yes " . I say , " Would you like a wormdo ? " You say , " What 's a wormdo ? " I say ... - " It wriggles along like that . " - You know it ! You couldn 't pull a rotten tooth from a dead horse 's head with that . - Eureka , I 've done it , - Done what ? The Earl of Sandwich invented sandwiches , Samuel Morse invented Morse Code , Plato invented the plate , and now I , Holly , have invented the Holly Hop Drive , - Ooh , I can 't wait to see it ( ! ) - It 's monumental , this , Epoch-making , It can transfer any object instantly to any other point in space , - What ? We can go back to Earth ? - In seconds , You mean we can go back to Earth right now ? This instant ? - Right on , - Rock and roll ! - Is this it ? - What do you think ? It 's just a box with " Stop " and " Start " on it ! It 's fairly straightforward , Ifyou want to start it , press " Start " , You can work out the rest yourself , It 's absolutely pathetic . Right , Let 's Holly Hop , Engage drive , Drive engaged , Initiating ignition sequence , - Ignition sequence initiated , - Get on with it . It takes time , this , One error in any of my 13 billion calculations , we 'll be blasted to smithereens , Here we go , then , Ten , Nine , Eight , - Six , Five , - You forgot seven . Did I ? I 've always had a blind spot with sevens , We 're going to die . No problem , I 'll start lower down , One , Blast off , We 've done it , We 're home , - It worked ? - We 're at Earth ? You must be joking ! Half a mo ' , - It 's gone , - What has ? The Earth , It 's missing , It 's not there , Wait a minute , I was looking out the wrong window , No , it HAS gone , The entire solar system is missing , - Well , what is actually out there ? - Nothing , Just space , Holly , the thought occurs that we haven 't actually reached Earth . The further thought occurs that we haven 't budged a smegging inch . No , no , we have , It 's just I don 't know where we are , I 've flamingoed up , - What ? - It 's like a cock-up , only much bigger , Wait , there is something , It 's another ship , - Aliens ! - ( LISTER ) Punch it up . - It 's an exact copy of Red Dwarf , - Eh ? What 's happened ? Somehow - don ' t ask me how we 've entered the fifth dimension , - What 's the fifth dimension ? Didn 't they reach Number Six with " I Want Your Love Thing " ? You 've got your basic dimensions - length , breadth , depth and time , The fifth dimension is co-existing realities , two bodies sharing the same space , unaware of each other , Sounds li ke my parents i n bed . So , this is another Red Dwarf , with another Rimmer and Lister ? - Will they be exactly the same ? - No , there will be differences , - What do you mean ? - In this universe , Hitler could 've won the war , or even more incredible , perhaps Ringo was a really good drummer , Hang on , I 'm linking up with their computer , - Hello , I 'm Hilly , - Hello , I 'm Holly , - Hello , Holly , - Hello , Hilly , This is a turn - up , You ' d better boogie on over and sort it out , Right on , sis , - See you , Hol , - See you , Hil , I 'm in there , It 's identical i n every detai I to our Red Dwarf ! Very funny smell around here that I don 't like one bit . It smells like your moon boots . I 'm going to get rid of it . That 's mine . This is mine ... So , where 's the other Rimmer and Lister ? So , you 're not aliens . - Hi . - Hi . - How do you do ? - How do you do ? - You must be Lister ? - You are , too . - You must be Rimmer . So am I. - Splendid . - Deb . - Dave . - Arnold . - Arlene . Indeedy ! So , your universe is exactly the same as ours ... Can I ? Yeah . Only everything 's ... opposite ? I don 't know if everything 's opposite . It seems like that . You come from a female-orientated society ? Well , it 's not exactly female-orientated any more , not since the ' 60s , the " Equal Rights For Men " marches , when they burned their jockstraps . Stop ! Haven 't you read " The Male Eunuch " by Jeremy Greer ? So , your history is parallel to ours , as well ? So , who was the first person on the moon ? Nellie Armstrong . NELLIE Armstrong ? - So ... who wrote Hamlet ? - Will Shakespeare . - Ah , so he was a bloke . - No , Wilma Shakespeare . She wrote all the greats - " Rachel III " , " The Taming Of The Shrimp " ... My God , what 's this ? - My Camera Monthly magazine . - It 's disgusting ! It 's full of semi-naked blokes draped over sports cars . You 're not one of those boring masculinists , are you ? So , sexual attitudes are opposite , as well ? What 's that , my little cupcake ? Your little what ? ! It just looks ridiculous ! These models are hugely deformed . It makes one feel quite ... inadequate . - Don 't worry about that , my pretty . - They can touch each other ! Hey ! I hate to break up the party , but isn 't there somebody missing ? - How do you mean ? - Well , Lister , female opposite . Rimmer , female opposite . Where 's mine ? Oh . Mooching around the cargo decks , I think . Aow ! all my life I 've waited for this moment , and now it has arrived ! Hey , if you hear me screaming , do NOT come to the rescue ! Aow ! # I 'm gonna get you , little chickie ... # - I think he 's in for a shock . - Why ? - His opposite isn 't female . - What is it ? It 's a dog . Boy , oh , boy ! Where 'd they go ? I get so dang panicky when they leave me on my own . Damn these fleas ! # I 'm gonna get you , little chickie , # I 'm gonna get you , little ... # I don 't know what that is , but I 'm sure he wants to eat me . Well , trash my shorts , what a funny-looking dog ! I 'd better make myself look big ! Put it there , Buddy ... God ! What kind of toothpaste does he use ? Rotting meat flavour ? Come on , now . I wanna be your buddy ! Tell you what , I 'm gonna smell your behind , then you can smell mine ! - Now , is that a deal ? - You wanna smell my WHAT ? ! Why , sure ! Don 't you wanna smell me ? Man , I could smell you if you was on Mars ! When did you last take a bath ? - Don 't say that word ! - What ? Bath ? You said it again ! Now , listen up . If y 'all gonna say that word , spell it . When did you last take a B-A-T-H ? What 's that ? Yo , Cat ... There you are . - We 're going to the disco . - What ? It 'll take 17 hours to repair the Hop Drive , so I thought we 'd have a few ... bevvies . Yeah ! Come on ! Aow ! ( DISCO MUSIC ) They seem to be getting on . - Yes . Absolutely . - Oh , yes . - Like a house on fire . - You can say that again . Mind you , we 've got a good conversation going on here . Oh , yes , yes . Absolutely . Funny . I 'm not normally good at talking to the opposite sex . I 'm not . I run out of things to say . Me , too . So , you 're a girl , then ? - Yes . - That 's nice . Hang on . Haven 't you got something in your eye ? You 're trying to hypnotise me ! - Of course not . - Stop staring , then . OK ! I read it that it 's great for picking up totty . Well , I 'd hardly describe myself as " totty " . Oh , yes ! Totty , totty ... totty . You 've had too much to drink . I get like this . Come on . You 're interested . - I 'm not . - Why are you giving me the signs ? - What signs ? - Wearing such tight trousers ? - They 're not tight . - You 're begging for it . I 'm not " totty " and I 'm not begging for anything . Give us a snog , I won 't try to take off your underpants . I 'm sorry , I 'm just not that kind of ... boy . Frigid ! You 're disgusting ! You 're only after one thing ! Why ? How many have you got ? You 're a great conversationalist . - But I ain 't said nothin ' yet ... - That 's what I like best . - I 'm going to the bar ? - I 'll have a grenade . - A grenade ? - Yeah . I wanna play fetch . Listie ! How are you , my old mate . Please , God , come and join us ! I won 't be long . If you want to keep your beer cool , stick it between his legs . What was all that about ? - That 's the most awful woman I ever met . - She 's you . She 's absolutely repugnant . She treats me like some sort of discardable sex object . - She 's the female equivalent of you . - Nonsense . She 's maladjusted . Trust me to get El Weirdo , while you get the one with the juicy jugs . See ! She thinks of men the exact same way you think of women . She accused me of wiggling my bottom in a provocative way . I was just walking ! I can 't help being sexy . - What 's the other one like ? - Totally gross . She 's unbelievable . She tried to impress me by drinking six pints of lager , then belching " Yankee Doodle Dandy " . That 's your party piece , isn 't it ? Yeah , but when I do it , it 's stylish . ( BELCHES ) Class . - Do you think you 'll , er ... ? - What ? Get outta town ! She 's a good laugh , but all she does is get blitzed and eat vindaloos . Call me crazy , but I just don 't find that attractive . - How 's it going ? - Put it this way , there 'll be two pairs of shoes under the bed tonight . Wallop ! He doesn 't look too interested to me . He looks more , er ... petrified . He doesn 't want me to think he 's the ship 's bike , but I 'm getting the signs . He crossed his legs and made sure I saw that he was wearing sock suspenders . - Rimmer , he 's not interested . - Wait till I give him the wormdo line . Hey , do you want to dance ? I tell you , when I hit the dance floor , I am one mean turkey ! Do you dance ? Do I dance ? Does Carmen Miranda wear fruit ? Alrighty ! You lead on , boy . Hold this , Fido . You call that dancing ? No way , José ! This is dancing ! ( HOWLS ) Well , whaddya say , huh ? - Oh , eh . Another dead heat . - That 's eight on the run . - I want to speak to Holly . - Sure . Holly , how long before the Hop Drive 's fixed ? We 're busy fixing it right now , aren 't we , Hilly ? Yes , Holly , That 's exactly what we 're doing , - What 's that mark on your face ? - What face ? - The lipstick mark . - That 's a computer rash , Holly , just get me out of here . What 's the matter ? Aren 't you having a good time ? A good time ? ! Lister ... ( CLEARS THROAT ) I 'm going to bed now , on my own , alone . If she comes back , say I 've got a headache . - Where 's she gone ? - To get some sexy videos . She thinks seeing two men together might turn me on . - Where are you sleeping ? - I 'm not telling you . - Are you a man or a munchkin ? - # I 'm off to see the wizard ... # You ready , then ? OK , after three ... Three ! Ha ! Beat you ! Oh , did I get drunk or did I get drunk ? Oh , no . Oh , did I get drunk or did I get drunk ? Hi . - Hi . - Listen . Did we ... ? I can 't remember . I remember betting you I could climb the disco wall using only me lips ... And then ... Oh , God , I juggled the goldfish , didn 't I ? Blindfold . Then ... Oh , eh . We did , didn 't we ? You pieces of filth . How could you commit an act of carnal knowledge ... ? .. on my bunk , on my sheets , using my springs ? How could you contemplate making love to yourself ? Well , why break a habit of a lifetime ? Leave it out ! I was out of me skull . What 's that supposed to mean ? I wouldn 't have slept with you if I 'd known what I was doing . - Thanks ! - I hope you get pregnant . No offence , but you 're not exactly difficult to pull . Talk about a pushover ! That 's rich coming from Miss Yo-Yo Knickers . I hope you get pregnant , you cheap little tart ! - You what ? - How can he get pregnant ? Unless they used precautions , he could be up the spout . - But it 's women who get pregnant ! - Since when ? Since always ! Me mother was a woman ! Oh , Listie ! Oh , dear ! Oh , dear ! Oh , dear ! Oh , dear ! If I 'm understanding correctly , it appears that in their universe , it 's men who give birth to babies . As we are in their universe , you could well possibly be up the duff , laddie ! - This is a wind-up . - Don 't get upset in your condition ! It 's impossible ! I haven 't got the ... the equipment , have I ? You 're in our universe . Our physical law applies . Holly , tell me this isn 't true . - I 'm afraid it is , Mum , - How could you do this to me ? - Do what ? - Fertilise me . Take advantage of me , knowing that I didn 't have precautions . I assumed you 'd taken care of that . It 's the man 's responsibility . It 's the man who gets pregnant , who suffers the agony of childbirth . Agony ? This gets better and better ! - What can I do ? I 'm sorry , OK ? - Sorry ? That 's it ? Sorry ? Wham , bam , thank you , mister ? Well , there 's no point arguing , If it 's happened , it 's happened , We 'd better get back , I 've fixed the Hop Drive , We can 't ! She could be the father of my child ! - If we don ' t go now , we 're stuck , - Listen ... Just because it 's possible for you to get pregnant , it doesn 't necessarily mean that you are . You might get lucky . But then again , you might not . We 'll find out when we get back , won 't we ? Engaging Holly Hop , Holly Hop engaged , Four , Three , One , Blast off , I don 't know why I 'm doing this . It 's just not possible ! Why not ? Male baboons have given birth . They were doing that as far back as the 20th century . Caesarean , naturally . ( MAKES SLASHING AND THUDDING SOUNDS ) You 'll be in good hands . The skutters can handle it . Skutters ? ! I wouldn 't let them open a can of beans . You 're thinking too negative ! Think of all the glorious , beautiful , wondrous things about having children ! - Like ? - When they leave home . - What colour should it turn ? - Blue for not pregnant ... which it will . - And red for pregnant ? - Yeah . Come on , you reds ! - What colour is it now ? - Still white . Oi , Remember when we broke the light barrier and saw echoes from the future ? - Yeah . - Your future self had twin boys , Right . I said , " How could you get two babies on board ? " And you said , " It 'll be a lot of fun finding out . " - How right you were , Listie ! - Twins ? No way ! Oh , yes ! Big , strapping boys they were , as well . Huge heads . - It 's changing colour ! - What colour ? - It 's changing ! - What colour ? - Yes , it 's changing . - Blue for not pregnant , right ? - Yes ! - Oh , excellent news , Listie ! - Oh , thank God ! - I 'm going to be an uncle . # It 's cold outside # There 's no kind of atmosphere # I 'm all alone , more or less # Let me fly far away from here # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # I want to lie , shipwrecked and comatose # Drinking fresh mango juice # Goldfish shoals nibbling at my toes # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun #
