 ( DRAMATIC " 2001 " - TYPE MUSIC ) Three million years from Earth , the mining ship Red Dwarf , Its crew ; Dave Lister , the last human being alive ; Arnold Rimmer , a hologram of his dead bunkmate ; and a creature who evolved from the ship 's cat , Message ends , Additional , Loneliness weighs heavily on us all , Personally , the only thing that keeps me going is knowing that we are over 60 billion miles from the nearest Berni Inn , For a mi ld stomach upset , take one teaspoonful . For acute indigestion , take two . Well , a highly enjoyable meal all round . Obviously , you can 't expect perfection first time , but I was quite delighted with my dumplings . Rimmer , real dumplings , proper dumplings , when they 're properly cooked to perfection , proper dumplings should not bounce . True , but compared to what I thought they 'd be like , they were superb . - So , how 's the Cat ? - He 's sleeping off the stomach pump . He 'll be all right . The lamb was a flop , though . The lamb ? Everybody thought the lamb was the cheese ! And that lemon meringue pie , what was in that ? - You liked that . You brought some back . - Yeah , to try on my athlete 's foot . It 's not easy , Lister , cooking ... when you 're dead , you don 't exist , when you 're made entirely of light . That 's your excuse for everything , being dead . I 'm trying to rehabilitate myself , trying to do the everyday things that living people take for granted . - You 've got the skutters to help you . - What ? Pinky and smegging Perky ? What use are they ? It 's like giving Blind Pew contact lenses . - They only do what you tell them to . - They don 't . You say , " Keep an eye on that lamb , " and they watch it burn . They 've got no emotion . It 's not built into their software . Their broom cupboard is full of pin-ups of John Wayne . That 's not right . Piled this high with Film Fun magazines . That 's not the way spanners behave . Oi , What 's happening , dudes ? - Hi , Hol . - Guess what ? - ( BOTH ) What ? - Go on , guess , - What is it vaguely about ? - No clues , just guess , I knew you wouldn ' t get it , - The post pod 's arrived , - The mail ? ! It 's been tracking us since we left Earth , It 's taken three million years ? ! Yeah , that 's about average for second-class post , ( CAPS BANG ) See what I mean ? ( HOLLERS LIKE RED INDIAN ) There 's everything , all the mail , a new batch of movies ... Oh , the new Friday 13th movie , Friday 13th Part 1,649 . Casablanca ! They 've re-made Casablanca . Philistines ! I mean , Casablanca ? The one starring Myra Binglebat and Peter Beardsley was definitive . I saw that , Knockout , " Of all the space bars in all the worlds , " you had to re-materialise in mine , " Look , a whole year of Earth news . And two seasons of zero-G football . - I ' ll see you in the spring . - What are total immersion video games ? Where ? ! Oh , these are brilliant ! You can 't get these for love nor money . These are like Venus ' arms . These are like Brooke Shields ' buttocks . - What are they ? - They 're computer games , aren 't they ? But electrodes are inserted into your frontal lobes , right ? So , you actually feel as though you 're really there . Yes ! Fine . Holly , there 's a video letter for you . Bung it on , - Strike a light ! It 's Gordon , - Who 's Gordon ? The AI computer on the Scott Fitzgerald , He 's got an IQ of * , 000 , All right , Hol ? It , It 's Gordon , Awesome , his intellect , I tell you , Here 's the latest move in our chess game , My move is pawn , That 's the little knobbly ones down the front , Pawn to King 4 , Your move , Well , I 'd better sign off now , See you , Hol , Bye , H , How do you turn this off , then ? You were playi ng postal chess with him ? A chance to challenge that intellect ? I 'd be a fool not to , Pawn to King 4 , eh ? He 's a sly one , - So , who 's winning , Hol ? - Well , he is really , That was the first move , - Me ... Me ... Me ... You ... Me ... - It 's all junk mail , yours , you know ? Me ... Me ... Me ... You send off for every bit of rubbish going , just so you have mail to open . Me ... Me ... " Please rush me my portable walrus-polishing kit . " Four super brushes that clean even the trickiest of seabound mammals . " " Yes , I am over 18 , although my IQ isn 't . " Me ... Me ... Smeg ! Outland Revenue . Oh-oh-oh ! Outland Revenue . 8,500 ? 8,500 ? ! That 's a lot ! How will you pay for that , eh ? I 'm not . It 's yours . What ? ! No . This is wrong . This is well wrong , Lister . Relax . They won 't catch you now . Because we 're three million years into deep space and humans are extinct ? That means nothing to them . They 'll find us . - I 'll be worrying all the time now . - Me ... Oh , another one for you . " Rear Admiral Lieutenant General Rimmer " ? ! That 's from my mother . Rear Admiral ? Whenever I take an exam , I say I passed . By now , I should be in charge of the universe . - Shall I open it ? - Open it . " Dear Rimmer ... " Is this from your mum ? That 's Mumsie . This handwriting 's terrible . " I hope this epistle finds you adequately healthy " to discharge your duties ... " Maybe I shouldn 't read this deeply personal stuff . - Just get on with it . - " I write to ... " I can 't read that . Oh , " I write to inform you that your father is dad . " Well , of course he is . Maybe it 's " your father / dad " . - " Dead " . - I can 't make it out . - My father is dead . - What ? My father is dead . Oh , yeah , it 's an " E " ! That 's what it is . Your father 's dead , Rimmer . Oh , eh . Sorry . Is that all she says ? Just that he passed away peacefully in his Jeep . Sleep . - Can 't sleep ? - Hmm . - ( SIGHS ) No , me , neither . - Hmmm . I remember when my dad died . I was only six . I got loads of presents off everyone like it was Christmas . I remember wishing more people would die , so I could complete me Lego set . My grandma tried to explain . She said he 'd gone away and wasn 't coming back . I wanted to know where . She said he was happy and he 'd gone to the same place as me goldfish . I thought they 'd flushed him down the bog . I thought he was just round the U-bend , you know ? I used to stuff food down and magazines for him to read . They took me to a child psychologist when they found me with my head down the bowl reading the football results . I knew he was dead . I mean , they 're all dead , aren 't they ? But that letter makes it seem like it happened yesterday . - You never said much about him . - No . - You must have been pretty close . - Close ? - Sorry . Very close . - Close ? I hated him . I detested his fat , stupid guts , the pop-eyed , balding git . - Eh ? - He wanted to join the Space Corps , be an officer , but he was an inch below regulation height . One inch . I had three brothers . When we were young , he bought a traction machine to stretch us . By the time my brother Frank was eleven , he was six foot five . Every morning , he 'd measure us . If we hadn 't grown , back on the rack . Sounds like he had a screw loose . I don 't think he had one screw tightened , to be honest . He had this fixation with the Space Corps . At meal times , he 'd ask us questions on astronavigation . - If we got them wrong , no food . - How did you cope ? I didn 't . I nearly died of malnutrition . I thought you adored your parents . - When I was 14 , I divorced them . - What ? I took them to court . I got paid maintenance until employment age and weekend access to the dog . So , why are you so completely blown away about him dying , then ? Oh , I still respected him . It was natural . He was my father . There 's nothing natural about your family , Rimmer . It 's just ... I always wanted just once , just once , for him to say to me , " Well done " . - For what ? - For something , anything . I wanted him to be proud of me , just once . And now ... ( CAT ) Aow ! My stomach has been pumped , and now I 'm hungry . Hey , there you are ! Hey , I 'm so hungry , I just have to eat . Rimmer 's dad 's died . I 'd prefer chicken . Good evening , Here is the news on Friday , 27th Geldof , Archaeologists near Mount Sinai have discovered what is believed to be a missing page from the Bible , The page is presently being carbon dated , If genuine , it 's from the beginning of the Bible , and reads , " To my darling Candy , " All characters portrayed within this book are fictitious , " Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental , " The page has been universally condemned by church leaders , Europe , A terrorist representing the Revolutionary Working Front , - Listen ... - Pause ! About your father . If it 's any help , he 's in the ground now . Sure , it 's bad news for him , but it 's party time for all the little worms . There 's just no consoling him . Me and the Cat are playing a TIV . Do you want to come ? Come on . Holly can key you in . No ? - Play . - ( TV ) , was arrested today , The man was attempting to poison the spring in France , the source of the world 's Perrier water , Had he succeeded , experts believe the middle class would have been wiped out , Techno news , The new sensation sweeping the solar system is the total immersion video game Better Than Life , Using the new SensoLock feedback technique , Better Than Life detects your desires and fantasies and makes them come true , So great is its appeal , when one store in New Tokyo ran out of stocks , rubber nuclear weapons had to be used on the crowds , England 's underwater hockey team 's tour of Titan , - Better Than Life - here it is . - Bri lliant ! ( CAT ) Let 's play ! Key me in , Holly . ( SEAGULLS CALL ) What sort of game is this ? It 's incredible . It 's just like being here . ( LISTER ) Yes ! # Boop-boop be doo # That 's what 's-her-name , the actress from the 20th century . Er ... Mary Magdalene . It 's Marilyn Monroe , you gimp . I think she fancies you . What does that prove ? She 's not blind . Hey , baby . I 'll catch you later , OK ? It 's absolutely incredible . Look ! Look ! Excuse me . You 're probably really busy , but you are my all-time favourite dictator . I 've read all your war diaries . Your Italian campaign was brilliant . Er ... Could you just sign this for me ? Make it out , " To my good pal Arnie from your chum Napoleon Bonaparte . " It 's not for me , it 's for my sister , Alison . Er ... We call her Arnie . ( MOUTHS ) Napoleon Bonaparte 's autograph ? ! Gentlemen . Welcome to Better Than Life . You must be hungry . There 's a restaurant down the beach . How do we get there ? Anyway you want . This is Better Than Life . Any way we want ? ( LISTER LAUGHS EXCITEDLY ) Yo ! I 'm thinking too small . Think big ! That 's more like it . ( BRASS BAND ON RADIO ) - McGruder ! - Hi , Tiger ! ( BOTH GROWL ) I bet you 're wearing a peephole bra . Yes , I am ! We 're just one thing away from perfection . Bliss . Where 's Rimmer ? I thought he was right behind us . Your caviar vindaloo , sir . Half rice , half chips and lots more bread and butter to follow . - I 've never eaten anything this classy . - Better Than Life , sir . - Yours was the fish , sir ? - What are you doing ? ! I always do this when someone gives me food . As ordered . A small aquarium . Are you sure you wouldn 't like one cooked ? No , sir . I like my food to move . # I 'm going to eat you , little fishy ... # Mr Rimmer ... sir . They 're on table K on the second terrace . Excellent . # I 'm going to eat you , little fishy , I 'm going to eat you , little fishy # ' Cause I like little fish # I 'm sorry . I don 't know what happened . I was driving along , and suddenly , there was McGruder . Well , one thing led to another and ... God , this is a great game ! Twice in one lifetime ? I 'm becoming Hugh Hefner . - Rimmer , you can touch things ! - Why do you think I was late ? - Have you seen your room ? - What room ? Mine is brilliant . I 've got a vibrating waterbed in the shape of a guitar . Yeah ? Well , you should see my wardrobe . It 's so big it crosses a time zone . When it 's 3.00 where my shirts are , it 's 7 am for my socks . - ( MAN ) Admiral ? - What about my electronic lavvy ? It comes when you call , takes your trousers down , does everything . - It 's just so stylish . - ( MAN ) Admiral . Who is that ? Just because he knows an Admiral , does he have to broadcast it ? ( MAN ) Admiral Rimmer , sir . ( FEIGNS A YAWN ) Yawn-o-rama city . We know an Admiral . Admiral Rimmer , Field Marshall Clifton sends his compliments and wonders if you 'd join him for cigars . There must be some mistake . I 'm not an admiral . I love this game . Gentlemen , excuse me . Dom Perignon ' 54 , sir , in a pint mug as requested . Thank you , my man . That 's a good year . ( LAUGHTER ) So , I said to Hollister ... Well , I can 't actually remember what I said , but it was one of the most frighteningly witty put-downs ever . ( LAUGHTER ) Oh , bravo , sir ! Bravo ... Sir , I know it 's an awful bore , but would you mind just signing this ? What 's that , you little pipsqueak ? My Incredible Career by Admiral A J Rimmer . I 've read it 18 times , sir . - There you go , laddo . - Gosh , I 'll be the envy of the academy . - Father . - Son . - What are you doing here ? - I 'm sorry to barge in on you and your officer chummies , but ... - Yes ? - I just wanted to tell you ... - Yes ? - I just wanted to say ... - Yes ? - I just wanted to say ... you 're a total smeghead ! What ? This isn 't my fantasy ! No , it 's mine . Yes ! Whoo ! Hey , move over , man . I want to plant my egg . - It 's called a ball . - Are you telling me how to play ? You think cats never played golf ? OK ... ( LISTER MAKES CAR NOISES ) - I 'm really thirsty , you know ? - Yeah ? - Perhaps a banana bomb , sir . - Thank you , my man . Hi , sugar ! How about a bit of ooby-dooby-doo ? How 's about a bit of ooby-dooby-don 't ? What a pest ! All right ? What 's happening , dudes ? We 're having a real nice time . I 'm dating Marilyn Monroe and another girl who 's a mermaid . She 's half woman , half fish . It 's Miranda , my girlfriend . Yoo-hoo ! I imagined woman on top and fish on the bottom , No . That 's a stupid way round . ( CHILDREN SHOUTING ) ( RIMMER ) Don 't ever do that again ! ( McGRUDER ) Don 't talk to me like that ! ( ARGUING AND SHOUTING ) - What happened to you ? - Lister . Ah , this a great game , Lister . I couldn 't be happier . Who are all those guys ? It 's McGruder . She got pregnant , so this morning , she made me marry her , and this afternoon , we had seven kids . Bliss . Where 's your E-Type ? It was too impractical , with kids and everything . You fantasise about seven kids and a mortgage ? ( WEAKLY ) Help ! Arnold ! Where are the nappy sacks ? My brain 's rebelled . It just won 't accept nice things happening to me . It just keeps fantasising ... horribleness . - Mr Rimmer ? - Yes ? Mr Arnold Judas Rimmer ? - Yes . - Outland Revenue , sir . Oh , my God ! This is a demand for immediate payment . 18,000 ? ! If you are unable to pay , I am instructed to break your legs and remove your thumbs ... sir . What can I do ? I 'm broke . I 'll pay , man . I 'll pay . I 'll pay . Where 's all me money gone ? Oh , no ! I just fantasised it all away . This is getting worse . Help me ! Don 't move ! A huge , black , furry spider just crawled up your trouser leg ! I know ! I put it there ! It 's the thing I 'm afraid of most ! - This is getting out of hand ! - I know ! Ah ! He 's into my boxers . - Wish it away . - I can 't ! - Concentrate , man ! - I can 't ! What 's he done now ? - I 'm sorry ! - What 's going on ? We 're smeared with jam and being eaten by killer ants . - Why ? ! - Why not ? ( TUTS ) You can 't take him anywhere , can you ? - You 've ruined this , Rimmer ! - We 're going to die and it 's my fault ! ( ALL SCREAM ) ( ALL SCREAM ) - You 're a total dinglebat ! - I 'm sorry ! We were having a great time until you came along . You 're a bozo . Nice things just don 't happen to me . - Hey , what 's that ? - It 's a letter for Rimmer . " Dear sir , due to a computer error , " you were wrongly informed that you had failed the astronavigation exam . " You passed and are hereby promoted to Navigation Officer First Class . " We enclose your pips and insignia . " Smegging hell ! Who said nice things never happen to you ? - I did ! - We 're still in the game ! You certainly are . Now , what about my 18 grand ? It 's bone-crunching time , my old china . Now , where 's those little thumbies ? # It 's cold outside # There 's no kind of atmosphere # I 'm all alone , more or less # Let me fly far away from here # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # I want to lie , shipwrecked and comatose # Drinking fresh mango juice # Goldfish shoals , nibbling at my toes # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun #
