 That was lovely . You know , it 's obvious you studied with culture . You seem to know everything about me . No , I don 't . I knew you played the cello well . I didn 't know you serenaded eagles . I 'm trying to get her to trust me . To make her understand I won 't hurt her if she gets close . [ helicopter whirring ] [ inaudible ] ( Dominic ) String , if you don 't teach that mutt to keep out of my way , so help me , I 'm gonna land on him ! [ panting ] You know , I wouldn 't want to tell anyone where to land . And you could 've given me a hand . He 's not big on helping hands . But I am . Hey , let me take one of those . No , no , no , no , no . l- - l don 't believe in women 's lib . Excuse me ? l- - l like , uh , I like the sexes the way God intended them . The way God intended them ? I wouldn 't press him , Gabrielle . You won 't like the answers . Well , I guess I 'm old-fashioned , but , uh , that 's my privilege , right ? Right . So long as you 've got some red meat in there . Oh , I got steaks , and chops , and burgers , and all of it . [ chuckles ] Well , Tet and I end up eating most of them , but , uh , we keep hopin ' . Bless your heart . I haven 't had anything but vegetables for six days . Six days ? Oh . Wow ! I was beginning to feel like a carrot . You could have been a beautiful fish . Cute . Hey , Dom , I think I found a canyon deep enough to do that crop duster chase . Huh ? For Bellisario 's film . Oh . It will only take an hour or so . You wanna fix dinner ? Sure . How do you like your steak ? Oh , no , no , no . Count me out . I 'm headin ' for the field just as soon as we get back . Just put on two . Two ? Yeah , one for Tet and one for you . Oh , yeah , and , uh , and catch me a trout . Ha ! Nice meeting you , Gabrielle . Yeah , you , too , Mr. Santini . [ chuckles ] [ door closes ] Well , how do you like your steak , Tet ? [ yelps ] [ helicopter whirring ] ( Dominic ) I Iike her , String . A little skinny maybe , but I Iike her . ( Hawke ) Yeah , She 'II be thrilled to hear that . Yeah , but don 't tell her the skinny part . Did you get in touch with Tony Boswick ? Get in touch ? He kept me on the phone for over an hour . From England , yet . And with me paying ' . He remembered the time that he and your dad and I got drunk in Towbridge after the Schweinfurt raid , and we stole a pig from a nunnery . [ Dominic laughing ] We took him back to the field , fed him eight boxes of prunes , and locked him in Gen. Baxter 's office , [ laughing ] overnight . Well , the next morning , that office was ... [ laughing ] [ Dominic stops laughing ] I guess you had to be there . When does Boswick 's charter fly to Libya ? Every Friday . He 's gonna have his engineer call in sick at the last second and I 'll replace him . ( Dominic ) But he can only pull it off once . More than that , the Libyans will get suspicious . ( Hawke ) Once is all we 'll need . I 'll fly to Tripoli a week from Wednesday . If you come in the Friday after that , it will give me two days to set things up . I 'll meet you in a club called the Red Castle . The Red Castle . Okay . How long till we get there ? About an hour . ( Dominic ) this is it . valley of the gods . Even the indians don 't come up here . Can you blame ' em ? It 's cold . [ laughing ] There 's always a little snow up here , even in summer . Sure would be a bad place to go down . They 'd never find you . That 's just what I 'm looking for . Some place to get lost . Well , I 've got that . How far down does it go ? I don 't know. I never hovered into it before . Thanks , Dom . It 's perfect . Anytime , String , anytime . ( Hawke ) Hey , Tet . You tell her how you want your steak ? That smells so good , I 'm almost tempted to ... Hope you don 't mind . Since you don 't eat meat , I didn 't want it to go to waste . Where 's Gabrielle ? I sent her ahead . We 're moving up the timetable . Four hours ago , one of our destroyers went down in the Gulf of Sirte . The press is being told that a missile went off in the magazine . That it was an accident . It was Airwolf . Damn it . The President used slightly stronger language . We 've got 48 hours to recover Airwolf or they 're sending in the Marines . ( Archangel ) The Russians have a missile task force shadowing our carrier group in the Med . If we invade Libya , chances are it 'll mean World War Three . [ burping ] Damn , that was a good steak . There 's our ride . I 've got 10 hours to get you to Paris to catch a flight to Libya . I 'll have someone stay here to watch the place , take care of your dog . Tet takes care of himself . Why 'd you leave Gabrielle here last week ? To brief you . What about my art collection ? [ sighs ] I 'm sorry about that , Hawke . I told the committee it was the wrong thing to do . I might have taken it out on her . You didn 't , did you ? No . [ cutlery crashing ] I saved it for you . [ airplane approaching ] [ man chattering on P.A. system in French ] Stringfellow Hawke ? Yeah . Strip out of your clothes , please . ( Faye ) Your flight suit , take it off . We only have 16 minutes . Your name is Michael Derrick . I was briefed as Dr. Ted Burger . Dr. Burger was to go to work next Wednesday . The Firm had to pick another man on this flight . As near as we can tell , Michael Derrick has never gone to school or worked with any of the other passengers . As near as you can tell ? Ten hours is rather short notice , Mr. Hawke . Follow me , please . He 's been working in a remote section of Argentina for five years and went to college in Australia . I don 't think you 'll run into anybody who knows him . I 've had his background capsulized in story form . Chapter 10 . Try to read it before you speak to anyone on the plane . Latin lovers ? I told you , I only had 10 hours . You 've 40,000 francs , a driver 's license , girlfriend 's photo , love letter from her and 10 minutes to catch your flight . Thank you . I was able to get clothing in your sizes . Of course , it 's used . Even the underwear , I 'm afraid . I never wear underwear . [ men speaking French ] You 're on Air Libya , Flight 2 . One more thing . Angela is dead . How ? We don 't know . Her family simply received a wire notifying them of her death . We 're hoping it was an accident . Hoping ? If the Libyans made her and she talked , they 'll know I 'm coming . We don 't think they do . You don 't think ? There was no time to check . All we could do was to send in another operative who was familiar with the situation . What other operative ? ¢ Ü ¢ Ü [ music playing ] is this one a spy , too ? Probably . She was supplied by the same theatrical agency as Angela . ( Moffet ) Angela was very fragile . This one appears to be a little more substantial . Are you going to be questioning her ? Eventually . Perhaps I could be of help . [ panting ] You all right ? Yeah , I 'm fine . What the hell are you doin ' here ? My job . It was Angela 's job , too . I know . The girls said they found her in the desert . He tortured and killed her , the same as he did to those other girls at White Sands . You were right about Moffet . It wasn 't the money . He stole Airwolf so he could come here and do exactly what he wanted with women . Probably . If I see him , I 'm gonna kill him . [ sighs ] Where 's Airwolf ? It 's at Kafir . That 's Khadafy 's summer palace on the coast . Mirabelle has an oil pumping station next to it . Angela arranged papers and a truck for the two of you to get in . Here 's the address . There are guns under the seat . I 'll meet you there by 2 : 00 . How do I get from the pumping station into the palace ? Along the beach . What do you mean " l " ? We 're in this together . You 're on the next Air Force flight out of here . The hell I am . I can fly Airwolf , you can 't . Either you 're on that flight , or I am . You 're not serious ? Stringfellow , I 'm not like the others . I 'm not going to die on you . I 'm gonna live to be an old woman- - 130 , easy . I won 't die , I promise . Damn you . Oh , I didn 't mean that . I know . I know . [ sighs ] I 'll go . If you don 't come back , I don 't know ... I always come back , Gabrielle . That 's the problem . [ people chattering in Arabic ] Hey , mister . Wait a minute . Hey , hey , hey , it 's me . You weren 't supposed to be here till Friday . Oh . Then I 'll go back . Hey . [ chuckling ] [ police radio chattering ] Uh-oh . Hold it . Police . [ dog barking ] [ police radio chattering ] [ speaking Arabic ] ( Dominic ) Well , I caught the news about that destroyer . I figured Airwolf might be behind it , so I flew out to the cabin and found Tet makin ' eyes at some cute little thing in white who said she was housesitting ' for you . Didn 't take a genius to figure out what happened , you know . How long have you been here ? Oh , a couple of hours . I hung around in the club for a while , but too many guys started asking too many questions . So I decided to stay out in the alley . You always did like to take the back way out of bars . It 's nice to see you , too , Dom . You think you can get this thing started ? Hey , piece of cake . You sure are confident . The keys are in it . And you know something , String ? I could 've sworn one of those dancing girls was Gabrielle . It was . Oh . She going out with us ? Ahead of us . Oh . You know , girls didn 't move like that when I was young . Dom ... [ laughing ] Boy . Of course , there was this one that we met in Brazil in ' 43 , your old man and I . Ooh , she could vibrate like a jackhammer . And she was as cute as a bug in a rug . Your old man thought that- - Dom , just start the car . Huh ? Oh , sure , sure . [ engine starts ] Like I was sayin ' , your old man thought she was the greatest thing since peanut butter . [ Dominic laughing ] ( Dominic ) Of course , he hadn 't met your mom yet . Anyway , we had 48 hours before jumping ' off for Africa in a couple of B-1 7 s we were ferrying ' to Rabat , when all hell broke loose . [ door opens ] ( Kamal ) Drop your hand . I can 't see a thing . Name . You have my passport . Name . Gabrielle Ademaur . Occupation . God . I don 't believe this . Just answer my question . I 'm a hoofer . A hoofer ? Yeah , it 's a dancer . Gabrielle . If that is your real name ... You 're damn right it 's my real name . We know you are a spy for the Firm . Oh , God . You people , you are really paranoid . Just because I 'm American doesn 't mean I 'm a spy , okay ? I 'm a dancer . I 'm under contract to Mirabelle Oil . I 'd like to see someone from the American Embassy now . There is no American Embassy in Tripoli . Then I 'd like to see someone who 'll listen to reason . Perhaps I can be of some help . ( radar ) Background eagles airborne . altitude established 4,500 , heading 040 . Angels 10 , heading 1 70 . ( Archangel ) Straight at the Libyan coast . You trying to egg them out ? There 's no need for that , sir . If your boys don 't get that chopper in four hours , our boys go in and blow it away . Our " boys , " Captain , include women , one of whom has already given her life on this mission . I 'm sorry , ma 'am . It 's just a figure of speech . ( radar ) Eagle patrol at angels 40 . eagle , 180 video . It 's funny , isn 't it ? All this--this hot sand and yet you can--you can see the blue waters of the Mediterranean just a few miles away . Hmm ? Would you like a little ? Yes , I 'd like a little . A little you shall have . [ man chattering on radio ] Hey , what the hell is it ? ( Hawke ) A TU-36 Dodger . It 's Russian-made . You see those air-to-air missiles ? Yeah . You know , String , in the past two hours we 've seen tanks , anti-aircraft guns , sand missile sites , and now a gunship . You wanna chicken out ? Yeah . So do I . [ laughing ] ( Hawke ) Try French . Buon giorno . That 's Italian . I don 't speak French . [ speaking Italian ] [ speaking Italian ] Si . [ speaking Italian ] The papers are for next Saturday . [ Dominic speaking Italian ] [ Dominic continues to speak Italian ] [ laughing ] [ speaking Italian ] Grazie . Grazie molto . molto gentile . See , everybody speaks Italian . Yeah , except me . If you and Saint John had only studied Italian like I asked you ... But , no , you got a hard head . Dom . Eh ? ( Moffet ) You are very beautiful . Well , perhaps not at the moment , but you can be again . The water is so blue , so cool . Would you like me to take you to it ? We could- - we could be there in 10 minutes . But that would be cruel . The Mediterranean is very salty . Where 's Gordon ? ( co-pilot ) Come on , Chuck . You can 't just swim , eat grapes , and play around all the time . What 's the matter with you ? [ exclaims ] I just talked to Capt. Ben Mofta . He said Moffet has , uh , has that dancer from the Red Castle staked out to a sand dune somewhere , torturing her . So what ? She 's nothin ' to us . ( Hawke ) Well , she is to me . Of course , there is still time for me to save you , Gabrielle . I mean , you may scar a little , but isn 't that better than dying ? Would you like me to save you , Gabrielle ? [ murmuring ] [ horn honks ] [ speaking Arabic ] Moffet ? ( Hawke ) He 's inside . You were told to stand down . ( Hawke ) Check flight . Just a minute . Start the engines . [ exclaims ] Charles , why do you have your helmet on in this heat ? Lift your visor . " Start it , " he says . Lift your visor . Ah ! [ guns firing ] [ speaking Arabic ] Give me the chain guns for the A.D.F. pod . ( Hawke ) offensive weapons panel . Right rear ! Guns one and two . Set . [ screaming ] God in heavens ! Yeah . See anything ? Uh , nothin ' . ( Dominic ) But I ain 't Sure I 'm workin ' it right , either . ( Hawke ) tracks . hey , String . Ha , ha , I got it workin ' . Yeah , I can See real good . Ha , ha . hey , I- - I can See ... Oh , my God . ( Hawke ) Bring the canteen in the port storage bin . Gabrielle . Oh , easy , baby , it 's over . String . It 's okay . It 's gonna be all right . String . [ trying to talk ] I was going to call . But Moffet ... I know . I understand . I wanted to see the eagle . You will . I remember you and the eagle all the time . All the time . Gabrielle . Gabrielle . No . She promised me , damn it ! She promised me . String , it 'S done . ( Archangel ) I 'm afraid we 've lost him . He definitely cleared Libyan airspace . Two F-1 4s from the enterprise were escorting him back when he disappeared . I don 't give a damn what the committee thinks . This time we 're gonna do it my way or you can kiss Airwolf goodbye permanently . [ slams phone ] Could we borrow one of your F-1 4s ? [ yelps ] Yeah . ( Archangel ) The committee finally saw it my way . Where did you hide it , Hawke ? In the mountains ? The desert ? At that junkyard Santini calls an airfield ? I know he was with you in Libya . It 'll be our little secret . But you 've got to return it or they 'll throw you in a hole so deep , it 'll take sunlight a month to reach you . It 's wired . If I don 't make a phone call every 24 hours , it 's a goner . I told the committee you 'd do something like that . And I told you I want Saint John . Yeah . ( Archangel ) The President is very upset to say nothing of the joint Chiefs of Staff , the Secretary of Defense , the fbi , the National Security Council ... Hell , probably the Boy Scouts . But the only one not upset is me . We built it , lost it , recovered it . Well , sort of . You were working for us . And now we 've lost it again . Hell , even if you were to give it back , there 's no way the President would ever let the Firm use it . I 'm not giving it back . At least , not for this . I know . But , Hawke , as long as you 've got Airwolf , Uncle Sam 's minions have to keep looking for your brother . They also have to try to get it back from you . That 's just the way the game 's played . [ sighs ] So ? The Firm can help you , let you know what the other agencies are doing to entrap you , supply you with funds , lots of things . In exchange for using Airwolf on official business . Well , it 's the only way we 're gonna get to use it . And probably the only way you won 't get caught . Here 's your ride . [ sighs ] I always said you had better ears than a snooper mike . Well , think about it . Then give me a call . Did she suffer ? [ sighs ] What difference does it make ? Damn it ! I sent her out there , I want to know . No . No , she didn 't suffer . Thank God for that . ¢ Ü ¢ Ü [ cello playing ] [ eagle screeching ] [ eagle screeching ]
