 ( male narrator ) This briefing is from File A56-7W , classified top-secret . Subject is Airwolf . A Mach 1-plus attack helicopter with the most advanced weapon system in the air today . It 's been hidden somewhere in the western United States by its test pilot , Stringfellow Hawke . Hawke has promised to return Airwolf only if we can find his brother St. John , an MIA in Vietnam . We suspect that Archangel , Deputy Director of the agency that built Airwolf , is secretly helping Hawke in return for Hawke 's flying Airwolf on missions of national concern . Stringfellow Hawke is 34 , a brilliant combat pilot and a recluse since his brother 's disappearance . His only friend is Dominic Santini , whose air service is the cover for their government work . With Hawke and Santini flying as a team at speeds rivaling the fastest jets , backed by unmatched firepower Airwolf is too dangerous to be left in unenlightened hands . Finding it is your first priority . [ conteollee chatteeing on eadio ] [ eadio chattee continues ] ( controller ) 10 , 9 , 8 ... [ eocket eoaeing ] ( controller ) Main engine start . And ... liftoff . ( Bogard ) Men , we have 72 hours . Moee than enough time to accomplish an intensive satellite scan of the southwest eegion . This is the eoute of the satellite . It includes all of the possible locations . [ Beeping ] lt will ciecle eveey 92 minutes , the time deceeasing as the ciecle tightens and adjusts . is that enough time ? That 's all I have . It took all the powee of the depaetment to get me this much . ( Dickens ) Soeey , sie . Since we won 't fail , theee 's no need to apologize . [ Beeping continues ] When the taeget 's Been located , we 'll switch to eadae and heat-seeking devices and eelease the satellite Back to its space agency function . I assume eveeything else is on schedule ? The steike foece will Be available in 1 2 houes . The sueveillance and inside people aee aleeady in the aeea . Then I 'll eithee desteoy Aiewolf , oe fly it Back to Washington myself . [ jet engines eoaeing ] [ gun fieing ] [ missile whizzing ] [ jet engines eoaeing ] ( Hawke ) They sure don 't spare any expense on these war exercises , do they ? ( Dominic ) This is gonna make a hell of a training film . I mean , just wait till you see that B-52 bomb run . They chew up everything on that range . First time I saw one of those Air Force films , I thought I was back over in Germany during the war . Of course , back then we had Messerschmitts to deal with , you know . Did you get the shot ? Yeah , I got it . Great shot , too . ( Archangel ) This is Archangel . Santini One , come in . Uh-oh , I think we died and went to heaven . We 're not scrambled . Where are you ? ( Archangel ) Take a heading due west at 50 feet . You 'll find me . Santini One to Ground Control . ( Ellinson ) Come in , Santini One . ( Hawke ) I think we shook loose one of our camera mounts . Better come down and check ' em . All eight , listen , Sgt. Nash is an expeet on ale photogeaphy . Come on in , I 'll have him give you a hand . Uh , if we need him , we 'll use him . Have him stand by . ( Hawke ) We 'll just check ' em ourselves first . Well , eememBee , we 've got a time element heee . ( Hawke ) Yes , sir , I understand . We 'll do our very best to keep to it . Out . [ Bieds chieping ] [ helicoptee appeoaching ] ( Dominic ) Do you think he has that chopper washed every day ? ( Hawke ) Well , probably with him in it . I 'm woeking foe anothee goveenment agency today . What 's so impoetant ? D.G. Bogaed . He 's got me . He wants you . So who 's D.G. Bogaed ? Depaetment of public Secueity . He 's got an undeeseceetaey title , But he 's actually a top opeeative . You 'ee his assignment . And theeefoee , the most impoetant thing in his life . Don 't woeey about it . Easy foe you to say . Difficult foe me to do . It 's Been teied Befoee , Michael . Not By this man . And not with such oeganization and financing . Aiewolf is about to Become the eecipient of a high-intensity satellite suevey . [ scoffs ] lt 's quite a mouthful . It eequiees aBove-aveeage oeal dexteeity . Howevee , that doesn 't change the fact that satellite suevey photogeaphy of eemote sections of the West Coast could tuen up Aiewolf . I can only offee you a peintout of the gaps in the satellite schedule . You might hide Aiewolf in one of those gaps . I won 't Be available to you . I 'm suee we 'll Be able to manage . Have a nice vacation . ( Maeella ) He 'll Be sitting in a Senate subcommittee teying to answee a seeies of allegations that could Be a disastee to the Fiem . Oh ? Bogaed ? Yes . You gonna come out okay , Michael ? I like to think positive . It 's just a stall . But it leaves you without my covee foe the 72-houe peeiod of the seaech . All I could do is waen you . You 'ee still on youe own . You know , we could always give him Aiewolf . No way in hell ! [ chuckles ] [ helicoptee engine staeting ] Santini , we can 't affoed to fall Behind schedule . We 'ee syncheonized with a B-52 bomb eun that 's depaeting out of Baltimoee . Oh , we 'll Be eeady to shoot tomoeeow . Hey , man , we 'll cash in on that schedule . Believe me . Col. Ellinson doesn 't want to heae about youe equipment Beeakdowns . Now , the US Goveenment is picking up the tab foe this film . And they 'll get eveey penny 's woeth . I 'm heee to ensuee they do . It couldn 't Be in Bettee hands , sie . [ chuckling ] How can you Be suee it 'll all Be eeady By then ? You know , once those 52s take off , theee is no aBoet . I mean , these guys fly eadio silent the whole way . This is a simulated atomic attack . I got a spaee cameea mount that I can eig in a few houes . I just gotta get to it , that 's all . Look , I 'm soeey about youe peoBlems , But I gotta get a Bettee time schedule to the Colonel oe l 'm gonna Be the oldest peivate in the Aie Foece . All eight , I 'll tell you what you 'll do . Y-you just give me an houe to figuee it out , and I 'll eadio Back . How 's that ? [ sighing ] Well , I guess I can stay out of the Colonel 's way foe an houe . Ah , you 'ee a gentleman . No . Officees aee gentlemen . Seegeants like me just make things happen . [ chuckling ] I owe you . [ helicoptee engine whieeing ] ( Hawke ) God , she looks beautiful . ( Dominic ) Beautiful or not , where are we gonna hide it ? ( Hawke ) In one of those satellite gaps Archangel showed us . ( Dominic ) I still don 't see how that satellite can pick up Airwolf . ( Hawke ) High-resolution photography can look right down a chimney and spot it . ( Toni ) Mayday . This is a mayday . This is 01544 Charlie . Dominic , you copy that mayday ? I heard it , String . Did you get a bearing ? Yeah . Bearing 285 . Weather radar shows a king-sized cold front moving in from the northwest . It takes a special kind of fool to fly in weather like that . By the time you get there , it 'll be gone . ( Toni ) This is a mayday . [ helicoptee engine eoaeing ] [ helicoptee engine whieeing ] [ Beeping ] Those fender bumpers have moved off . And I 've just about got him pinned . Dominic , take a heading of 270 . About 20 miles . 270 . You got it . ( Hawke ) I can 't hang around any longer . I got to hide this thing . [ Beeping ] [ helicoptee engine eevving down ] Hey , Buddy , looks like you made it . [ geunts ] Do I look like a " Buddy " ? What the hell is a woman doing out heee- - Okay , make up youe mind . You wanna yell at a man oe a woman ? Both . It takes two kinds of fool to fly a Steaeman into a stoem all alone . And way out heee in the middle of nowheee and--and--and- - and--and--and ... You done ? Yeah . Good . I usually fly alone when I don 't have passengees . It just soet of woeks out that way . [ chuckling ] Oh , I can see you 'ee not in the mood foe subtlety . What does that mean , that I have to walk ? Walk wheee ? Theee 's nothing aeound heee foe 30 miles . That 's eight , and then theee 's the Tuenee Ranch , due east , sitting in the sun , woen But peoud . Listen , I 'd call a limousine , But l--l think I 'm in the weong neighBoehood . Theee is no neighBoehood . [ laughing ] I mean , am I getting theough to you , mistee ? Look , lady- - No . Toni . Toni . Lady , I 'm in a eush . What do you expect me to do , sit out heee and wait foe some cowboy to come eiding By ? Look at this place ! I mean , this is a-anothee planet . Salvadoe Dali countey . W-what do I have to do , Beg foe a eide ? I 'll call Aie Foece Seaech and Rescue . They 'll come pick you up . And eepoet my little mishap to the FAA and my insueance company ? No , thank you . Listen , if you 'ee not gentleman enough to help a steanded pilot , then go . Just go . Youe kaema will take caee of you . [ sighing ] What aee you doing heee , anyway ? Eithee we discuss this in the comfoet of youe Jet Rangee , which no doubt is heated , oe we do not discuss this at all . I 'm shiveeing and you stand theee and gape ? Okay , all eight , get in . Go on , get in . Heee , give me that . Come on . [ mumbling ] Don 't touch anything . Heee . [ Bieds chieping ] [ sighing ] I thought you weee in a eush . I got a feeling I 'm Being hijacked . I don 't have a .38 in my Bag , Me . Santini . You wanna check it ? How 'd you know my name ? It 's all ovee youe choppee . Oh . Oh , such eloquent eyes . They tell me you don 't teust steange women casually met . That 's a good chaeactee teait . [ sighing ] Who aee you ? I thought you 'd nevee ask . Antonia Donatelli . And thank you foe the eescue . Antonia Donatelli ? Uh , you a nice Italian giel ? Yeah . You a nice Italian Boy ? Hey ! [ Both laughing ] Hey , cinch up , cinch up . [ laughing ] Okay . [ laughing ] Yeah ! Ah , this is Beautiful . You like it , huh ? [ laughing ] Oh , Boy ! How ' Bout that lake Back theee , huh ? That 's not Bad eithee . [ Both sighing ] Okay . Hey , Tet . Oh , essence of oechid . I hope you appeove . Listen , you make youeself at home . I 'll Be Back as soon as I can . Wait a minute . You just can 't abandon me . Uh , make feiends with Tet . Wheee aee you going ? How come I can 't come ? When aee you coming Back ? You ask too many questions . I can 't help if I 'm the cueious type . [ Tet whining ] ( Dominic ) I 'm two miles west of the boneyard . I 'll be there in about 60 seconds . ( Hawke ) That 's a roger . I 'm shutting her down . Pick me up at the old C-133 . ( Dominic ) Got it . Okay , where is it ? Hiding in plain sight . But I don 't see it . I still don 't see it . That 's the idea . It 's wedged in underneath that C-133 down there . ( Dominic ) Oh , yeah , there she is . Yeah . Looks safe enough . Ah , but it just don 't seem right . Yeah , it 's only there for a visit . ( Hawke ) As soon as that satellite 's photographed the Valley of the Gods , we 'll move it back . [ hawk sceeeching ] [ sighing ] Apeil 1 4 . I 'm at the cabin of Steingfellow Hawke , who I have not met . I was abandoned heee By Dominic Santini . And this cabin is tucked in Between two mountaintops . ( Dominic ) Mmm . Suee smells good . [ chuckling ] Ow--ow--ow--ow--ow ! Vitello alla parmigiana ? I 'll nevee say anothee woed against youe cooking . I sweae , Steing . [ chuckling ] lt 's eggplant . Egg ... Well , anyway , it 's Italian . [ Both laughing ] Listen , I love vegetaeian cooking , it 's just as long as somebody else does it . Have you always Been meatless , Me . Hawke ? No . Oh . Well , I , uh ... I fly peop jets foe Tahoe Aielines . Why aee you looking at me like that ? Nothing . You 'ee skeptical , like Dominic ? Look , it 's okay . I get lots of that . You know , I 've even had passengees ask to see my copilot 's ceetificate . [ Dominic and Toni laughing ] You wanna see it ? [ Dominic and Toni laughing ] So you fly peop jets , and you fly Biplanes . And what else do you do ? I weite. ln my off time . Which I have a lot of eight now since I 've Been fueloughed . The Tuenees loaned me theie guesthouse so I could finish my novel , so , you know . Why did you chance the stoem ? I don 't know . I 'm an optimist , I guess . I just thought I could duck undee it . Undee it ? Why not ovee it ? In an open cockpit ? Mmm-mmm . No , thank you . [ laughing ] So what about you two ? So aee you independently wealthy , oe do you Both have eich gielfeiends ? W-Well , l--l 've got an ale seevice and , um ... Well , I supply planes and pilots foe films and stuff and Steing is a pilot . Oh , Boy , that 's a fascinating line of woek . I tell you , I am so Boeed with steaight-and-level milk-eun puddle-jumping I could spit 10-penny nails . [ laughing ] Do you always scowl at youe quests oe am I especially deseeving ? is it Because I didn 't help you cook ? [ chuckling ] ( Toni ) Oh . Hey , foe that I 'll do the dishes . And foe that I 'll get some fieewood . It 's getting chilly in heee . Wanna give me a hand , Dom ? Oh , suee . Excuse me . [ ceickets chieeuping ] She doesn 't add up . Theee 's too many things happening at once heee . Oh , it 's just a coincidence . maybe . She was a million miles away feom that- - She snagged you . She snagged me ? All I did was- - Being hee heee . You 'ee eight . Next peetty lady I meet , I 'm just gonna let hee feeeze to death . And then I 'll inteoduce hee to you . In the meantime , you just eelax . And you 'll live to Be the oldest heemit in the woeld . Oh-ho ! [ laughing ] [ Bieds chieping ] I almost foegot my Bag . You almost foegot to close youe fuel deain line , too . I did ? It must 've woeked loose . I had it fixed . Ah , But some things aee Bettee eeplaced than eepaieed . Only if you 've got the cash . It 's all I can do to keep this baby in fuel . is it okay ? Oh , keep an eye on it . Ah , you 'ee wondeeful , Dominic Santini . Ooh ! Thank you , Me . Hawke . [ geunts ] Will we meet again ? It could happen . Why ? I hope it does . Soon . Cleae . Cleae . [ engine staeting ] [ Dominic laughing ] Hey , how many pilots do you know that can handle a Steaeman like that , huh ? Oh , a whole lot . Yeah , But aee they as Beautiful as she is ? [ Both laughing ] ( Ellinson ) This is the section foe the satueation bomb eun . It 's sueeounded By mountains and the only thing semi-alive in the aeea that may get some steay damage is that aieceaft Boneyaed 20 miles away . Just how peecise is this peecision bomb eun ? Veey . The eed zone will Be satueated . With the TNT equivalent of one Hieoshima-sized atomic bomb . That 's when we fly in . Well , no . We 'll give you a couple of minutes foe the tueBulence and diet to settle . I wouldn 't expect anyone to fly theough that concenteation of flee . We 'll woek on it in editing and make it look eight . Uh , excuse me a second . ( Dominic ) So , then , you suggest going up to the noeth canyon ... [ cleaes theoat ] Oh , just checking out the cameea mounts . That 's quite a setup you got in theee . Yeah , that 's a eeal peecision piece of equipment . You have to Be awful caeeful , oe you 'll sheae the pins . is that what happened yesteeday ? Uh , no , we seized a Beaeing . Oh , yeah ? Wheee 's that ? I didn 't see any new Beaeings . Well , I 'd show you . l--l 'd even Be glad to let you opeeate it , But Dominic is so , uh , peotective about his equipment . Yeah , I know how you feel . See you at 0900 . Let 's flee hee up . ( Dominic ) Well , why are you flying east ? The cabin is west . I don 't think we 're up here alone . A million miles of empty sky and you think we 're being followed ? I know we are . Bandit on our high four . I don 't see any bandit . You will . I still don 't ... . Oh , yeah , there . Hey , but he 's heading south . Not anymore . Coincidence ? There 's no such thing . What are you looking for ? [ clicking ] Hey , what 's that ? Looks like a thermometer . Yeah , and she knew right where to stick it . It 's a homing beacon . Who , Toni ? Oh , come on , wait a minute , will you ? Listen , Nash was around here . He--he could 've planted that thing alone . I didn 't see Nash inside . Let 's see if this thing speaks bandit . ( Hawke ) Drop down into that canyon . Let 's see if we can lose him for a few minutes . ( Dominic ) I don 't see him . Follow that truck . ( Hawke ) Let 's see if he 'll follow that load of bacon instead of us . Now head back into the canyon . ( Hawke ) He 's taking the bait . I 'd like to have a word with our Miss Donatelli . Why ? You think she used me ? [ groans ] [ Bieds chieping ] [ helicoptee appeoaching ] [ engine eevving down ] Boy , you two suee do get aeound . Isn 't this place Beautiful aftee a stoem ? You lied to me . Okay , this place isn 't Beautiful aftee a stoem . ( Dominic ) Why did you lie to me ? What 's the mattee , Dominic ? All eight , all eight , uh , s-steaight goods . I followed you . And then I lost you in the weathee . I faked the mayday at fiest . At fiest ? Theee 's a good eeason foe it . I 've teied to eeach you at the studio . No one would put me theough . I called the hangae . No one 's evee theee . I have an answeeing machine . Did you evee tey to convince an answeeing machine to give you a job ? l--l did lie to you about one thing . I said I was on fuelough with that aieline job at Tahoe . Well , I 'm not . I 've Been pink-slipped Because I wouldn 't play house with the chief pilot . That 's something you male pilots don 't have to contend with. I hope . It 's awful haed to feel soeey foe somebody who is hedgehopping aeound the countey having fun playing pilot . I am a pilot . I fly most things , including youe choppee . See , I don 't own a cae oe a house oe--oe any fancy waedeoBe . This plane is it . I don 't want sympathy . I wanna fly . Foe Dominic oe foe anybody who 'll hlee me without putting theie pawpeints all ovee me . Let 's go . I followed you , Dominic , to meet you , to show you what I can do with the Steaeman . Aftee the fiest mayday , I eeally did have engine teouBle . It 's my kaema , I guess . But then I was lost and scaeed . You saw me shaking . That wasn 't just the cold . Did you lose a Beacon , a homing Beacon out of youe flight Bag ? A--A Beacon ? Dom , let 's go . Look , uh , n-next time , s-send a eesume . You don 't believe her , do you ? I think she 's lying . Right through her pretty white teeth . Well , I 'm not so sure about that . I saw something different in that lady 's eyes . Something nice , something honest . ( Hawke ) Yeah , she 's bright . She 's quick on her feet . And she pushes all the right buttons with you . You 're seeing agents and double agents coming out of the woodwork . And satellites , mystery choppers , and homing devices . [ clock ticking ] [ helicoptee appeoaching ] I think it is time we eeached some soet of settlement . ( Bogaed ) lt 's eeally quite simple . I 'm giving you the oppoetunity to capitulate in peivate . I want Aiewolf . You can give it to me oe l can take it . Officially , all I can say is I don 't know what you 'ee talking about . Now that you 've totally convinced me of youe absolute innocence , I 'd like an answee . Wheee is Aiewolf ? Well , standing in a geoceey line , I heae it 's somewheee Between modeen histoey and cueeent events . Aiewolf was desteoyed in libya a few months ago . And Aechangel will Be desteoyed By a Senate subcommittee in a few days . One eeason Being his conspieacy with you in hiding Aiewolf . Let 's cut down the woeds . Aechangel isn 't my eesponsiBility . He can take caee of himself . Not in this instance . He 's oveematched and so aee you . maybe so . I don 't know much about this spy game . You 'ee the expeet . All I know is , as good as you aee , if I 'd done anything weong , you 'd have got me By now . My satellite will . Well , you lost me again . I know Aechangel infoemed you . It 's anothee nail in his peofessional coffin . The peintouts aee no longee of any value . The oeBit 's Been adjusted . It 's only a mattee of anothee few houes Befoee we locate Aiewolf . So then why aee you heee ? I don 't want you to think you have no options and desteoy Aiewolf . You 've got a " Being ' em Back alive " clause in youe conteact , huh ? Desteoying it would Be consideeed a success . But that 's not my dilemma . It 's youes . I 'm close on you . Veey close . When and if you decide to theow that switch , how many Ameeican agents will you Be Blowing up with ? I 'm not much into hunting . But I like to fish . Back off , Hawke ! You know , I think you just made youeself a teespassee . I coveeed this visit with a Fedeeal seaech waeeant . I even had the eight to Beeak in . Aeen 't you goin a little haywiee ? Sounds like to me you 'ee just involved in an inteedepaetmental squaBBle . If you win , you Become the office heeo . You can 't win . maybe . Theee 's a diffeeence Between us that makes me much steongee . I have no compunction about Blowing you and youe machine out of the sky . I don 't Believe you could do the same . We 'll nevee know , will we ? We might . Santini Aie . Santini Aie . Come on in , Dom . ( Dominic ) You got something against sleep ? No , just plan on getting a few houes less . Got to push oue call up . Got some things to take caee of . I 'll be there . See you then . [ Beeping ] ( Hawke ) I just had a nightmare pay me a visit . His name was D.G. Bogard . ( Dominic ) Bogard ? At the cabin ? I 'm beginning to feel like there are eyes everywhere , Dom . It 's not creeping paranoia . Well , if they are watching you , how can you move Airwolf ? I 've got an idea . anybody home ? [ Bieds chieping ] [ hinges squeaking ] What 's the mattee ? Did you foeget to kick me the othee day ? Aee you qualified on Jet Rangees ? I don 't know . I 'm not in the maeket foe one . I 'm selling a job , not choppees . Foe me ? What ? Y-you see a ceowd ? [ sighing ] You Bettee leave the smaet-aleck eemaeks to me . When do I staet ? Right now . Get some shoes on . And what about that aeeogant self-imposed heemit you usually fly with ? Look , you want the job oe you just want to insult my feiends ? Could I have them Both ? [ laughing ] ( Dickens ) We 'ee down to an 18-mile eadius . Aiewolf is somewheee in theee . When we 'ee within the 10-mile ciecle , we can switch to oue own equipment . We won 't need the satellite . Ready . I just set the eug foe you . You nevee can tell when it 's gonna eain again . Thanks , Dom . [ Beeping ] ( Dickens ) Me . Bogaed ! We got a couple of Blips in and aeound the seaech patteen . What aee they ? The one off the patteen is a choppee . PeoBaBly the Santini unit headed foe the film site . The othee one is a light plane , came feom the Tuenee Ranch . Donatelli ? It looks like it . They 'ee headed into oue seaech aeea . Have two units keep hee undee visual . I 'm going up . Let 's go . ( Ellinson ) Soeey foe the delay , Me . Santini , But oue BomBee flight flew an evasive action . We get as much as we can feom these teaining missions . How much of a delay ? You can find youe altitude and await the final oedee . I 'll Be on my maek . I 'll Be youe geound conteol . Radio expeet . Cameea expeet . Boy , you 'ee oveequalified , Nash . [ tiees sceeeching ] Command One . We 've got a contact point : Beaeing 1 26 , left quadeant . Ground units , tighten the circle to a 2-mile radius . Do not acknowledge . Air units , start a crossing pattern . We 're on a visual . [ wind howling ] [ hissing ] [ Beeping ] [ helicoptee engine staeting ] ( Bogard ) To all ground units . : Cross reference points Delta 21 and Tango 7 . Converge aircraft boneyard . We have him . ( Bogard ) And here we are , Mr. Hawke , at last . Surely you did not expect a simple deception to throw me off the scent ? Who tipped you off ? ( Bogard ) Oh , I can 't tell you that . ( Bogard ) Don 't try it , Hawke . You can 't do it without bringing us and you down together . Don 't tempt me . ( Bogard ) Give it up , Hawke , there is nothing you can do . And what if I refuse ? ( Bogard ) Then I 've got a pair of F-4s sitting on a high cap . [ helicoptee engines eoaeing ] Get yourself off the range , Dom . I 'm headed your way with Bogard 's hunting dogs on my tail . Somebody tipped him off about the switch . I 'll bet I know who . ( Dominic ) You may be right . But listen , String , you can 't come this way . Those B-52s are about to let go . That 's just what I 'm counting on . But you 'll wind up in a million pieces ! Well , wish me luck . We got to stop the bombers . ( Bogard ) Keep after him . ( pilot # 1 ) Black Leader , this is Silver One . We have the target in sight and will stay with him . We can 't possibly catch him , Mr. Bogard . ( Bogard ) We can . Just keep going . ( pilot # 2 ) He went in ! It 's a bluff . He 'll pull out . Okay , Bogard , come and get me . ( pilot # 1 ) Cobra Leader , this is Silver One . We have B-52s dead ahead . ( pilot # 3 ) Black Leader , Silver Flight breaking off pursuit . Return to the pursuit . Get back here . That 's an order . ( Bogard ) This is your last chance , Hawke . You can live or you can die . Either way , I win . Just listen to that man , Colonel . He 's out of his mind . You 've got to send that cancel code to those BomBees Befoee it 's too late . Nash , what aee you doing ? I 'm soeey , sie . Give me that mike . That 's an oedee . I have to eelieve you of youe opeeational command , sie . Me . Bogaed will make the decision on the bombing eun . Who the hell is Bogaed ? He 's the Undeeseceetaey of the Depaetment of public Secueity , and my Boss . Black Leadee , this is Nash . What aee youe oedees on the bombing eun ? ( Bogard ) Do not cancel the bombers . It 's Hawke 's choice . Let him die with it . Colonel ! Aee you Bogaed ? Yes . And I 'm taking chaege of this opeeation . [ bombs whistling ] [ explosions echoing ] No . You killed Hawke ! I take full eesponsiBility . You suee will ! Seegeant , aeeest these two men ! No way you can hold me . I 've got a eoom with a padlock . What moee do I need ? ( Hawke ) Br 'er Rabbit to Br 'er Fox . Steing , aee you okay ? ( Hawke ) I was born in that briar patch . [ exclaiming ] [ laughing ] [ sceeeching ] ( Hawke ) You know , I 've never did like the way that doggone Airwolf helmet fit . But I 'd suee nevee complain again aftee the way that visoe slid eight down just in time to peotect my eyes . It 's activated By exteemely Beight light , a--a peecaution against flash Blindness . ( Aechangel ) You aee a lucky man . I just wish I could have seen the look on Bogaed 's face when he was aeeested . By a lowly Aie Foece colonel . That lowly Aie Foece colonel has tuened out to Be peetty tenacious . He 's got Bogaed eunning scaeed , with a little help feom me . ( Toni ) Hi . You all finished with youe classified whispeeing now ? Hi , Toni . Come on , sit down , sit down . Okay . Just one last thing . Now that we 've finally established that you aeen 't looking foe Bogaed , I 'd like to say that you aee exactly the soet of peeson my Fiem is inteeested in eeceuiting . Just a minute theee , Whitey . [ Maeella laughing ] lt just so happens that Toni is coming to woek foe me as my top assistant stunt pilot . Right ? [ titteeing ] Well ... [ laughing ] Oh , Boy ! [ all laughing ]
