 [ wind whistling ] [ wind continues whistling ] [ panel beeps ] [ engine whirring ] [ panel beeping ] ( engineer # 1 ) ... Turbos one and two . ( engineer # 2 ) In the green . ( engineer # 1 ) Main rotor torque . ( engineer # 2 ) In the green . [ engineers chattering ] I don 't believe you people . You haul my butt out of bed at midnight . You fly me off to only God knows where to see some lousy helicopter , and there 's not even any cream cheese . It 's not a lousy helicopter , Senator . It 's Airwolf . Well , whatever esoteric name you hang on it , it 's still an overgrown beanie with a propeller , eating its way through somebody 's budget . I hate bagels without cream cheese . [ radio chattering ] ( Senator Dietz ) lt 's a mean-looking bird , I 'll give you that . Who designed it ? The pilot . Dr. Moffet . Moffet ? Moffet . I know that name . Your cream cheese , Senator . The damn stuff is pink . It 's , uh , salmon-flavored . Only in California . ( Moffet ) Red Star control . airwolf . AII systems are go . Airwolf , Red Star Control . You may clear the defense area . [ whirring ] ( Dietz ) How fast is that bird ? ( Archangel ) We don 't know yet . So far , it 's only slightly exceeded the speed of sound . ( Dietz ) No helicopter can fly faster than sound . ( Marella ) Airwolf can . Basically , Airwolf is an aerodynamic lifting body with a twin turbine-driven rotor system capable of propelling it to 300 knots . ( Dietz ) In other words , it 's a fast , twin-engine jet chopper . ( MareIIa ) One can express it in those terms except this jet chopper can disengage its rotor system and ignite these two additional turbines . 9.6 seconds after ignition , Airwolf can exceed Mach 1 from sea level to 65,000 feet . ( Marella ) The crew consists of an in-flight systems specialist in the electronic data command center to monitor turbine temperatures , fuel and lubricant pressure , rotor synchronization , all onboard flight systems . ( MareIIa ) The second crewman is a counter measure specialist . His primary M.O.S. is to suppress , neutralize , or destroy any weapons threatening the integrity of AirwoIf . [ beeps ] He also has a duplicate flight system control in case the aircraft commander becomes incapacitated . ( Marella ) And finally , the Aircraft Commander , who 's responsible for positive flight control , target acquisition , and weapon system selection . ( Marella ) The latter offers him 1 4 firepower options ranging from 30mm cannons to nuclear-tip Shrike missiles . In other words , Senator , Airwolf is a Mach 1-plus chopper that can kick butt . If Airwolf can " kick butt " like she says it can , you 've developed yourself a tactical weapon . But that 's not the Firm 's mission . No , sir , it 's not . But when the project started 20 years ago after the Bay of Pigs , the Firm 's priorities were a little different . Then as the years went by- - The project grew . Now you 've got Topsy , what are you gonna do with her ? You can only keep the lid on testing and development for so long . And if the Firm puts Airwolf in the field , it 'll leak to Congress in a week . And they won 't take kindly to the Firm 's developing secret tactical weapons . That 's why the Firm would like to turn this prototype over to the Department of Defense and let them take credit for it . In exchange for what ? Reimbursement of development costs and the first five Airwolfs off the production line . Talk to me in dollars and cents . $ 1 billion , Senator . Give or take a few cents . [ keys clicking ] [ computer beeps ] ( woman ) Red Star to ground leader , stand down . To demonstrate Airwolf 's tactical capabilities it will penetrate a typical Soviet defense zone , the type used around their l.C.B.M. sites , their military command posts and communication installations . ( Dietz ) Simulation has a way of always making the test vehicle look good . ( Archangel ) That defense zone is filled with Soviet equipment and manned by personnel who know how to use it . This isn 't a simulation , Senator . ( Marella ) Those guns out there are loaded . Airwolf . Red Star Control . You have a go . [ computer beeping ] ( Dietz ) He 's gone . Dropped below the radar . He 'll use the mountain range to block our defense radar until he can exceed Mach 1 . ( MareIIa ) After that , he can penetrate the defense zone from any point on the compass . [ computer buzzing ] [ whirring ] Holy ... ( controller ) We have a visual sighting . ( controller ) Grid Whiskey Lima five . ( controller ) Penetration track indicated . ( controller ) Speed , Mach 1 plus . [ computer beeps ] No shots fired . I 'll be damned ! He busted right through the Russkie 's front door without a scratch . Not quite . The computers have Airwolf 's point of penetration into the defense zone . They can interpolate his most likely approach to the target area and deploy TU-36 helicopters to block the canyons . ( Dietz ) He 'll have to climb out of the canyon . That would put him on S.A.M. radar . He has no choice . [ missile firing ] ( co-piIot ) I have a heat-seeker on our six . ( co-piIot ) I.F. suppressor on . ( co-piIot ) still closing . Popping a sunburst . ( Dietz ) He got past them . He 's not on radar . ( Dietz ) He 's done it . It 's not over yet . Unless your Dr. Moffet 's a fool , all he has to do is stay in those canyons until he reaches the target . A passive defense mechanism might force him up . What the hell is that ? ( Moffet ) Wires ! We have radar contact . Stand by to launch missiles . [ computer beeps ] Damn it . ( co-piIot ) We 're being radar-scanned . [ controls beeping ] Jamming . Launching missiles . ( co-piIot ) I have four incoming radar-controIIed missiles . ( co-piIot ) Three are off target . ( co-piIot ) One is on our track at 10 miles and closing . ( co-piIot ) missile impact , 12 seconds . ( Moffet ) hold heading and deploy the A.D.F. pod . ( engineer ) A.D.F. pod undepIoyabIe above 300 knots . ( Moffet ) Reverse thruster engines . Stand by to reengage rotors . ( engineer ) Thrusters reversed . Speed , 700 knots . ( co-piIot ) missile impact in seven seconds . ( engineer ) Rotor reengaging . Speed , 400 knots . ( co-piIot ) missile impact in five seconds . ( engineer ) 375 , 350 , 325 ... ( co-piIot ) Four seconds . ( engineer ) 325 . ( co-piIot ) Three seconds , two seconds- - ( engineer ) Pod deploying . My God , they 've blown him away . Not quite , Senator . [ Airwolf engine roaring ] ( Dietz ) Dr. Moffet , this is Sen. Dietz . I want to congratulate you on the most spectacular weapons demo I have ever seen . I 'd like to shake your hand . You already have , Senator , on Project Proteus . Proteus ? ( Dietz ) That was at White Sands in the ' 70s . ( Moffet ) I trust the Senator remembers me . [ radio buzzes ] Well , it was a ... It was a long time ago . Yes . The Firm has shown great confidence in my ability to , uh , to change . [ laughs ] ( Dietz ) I 'm sure that trust is weII-founded . Not really . [ whirring ] ¢ Ü ¢ Ü [ cello playing ] [ screeches ] ¢ Ü ¢ Ü [ cello continues playing ] [ screeching ] [ engine droning ] Yeah . It 's perfect . ( Archangel ) Nothing is perfect . Not even this . Well , I don 't know what can be wrong with this . We 're here . ¢ Ü ¢ Ü [ music playing ] ¢ Ü ¢ Ü [ music continues playing ] ( Archangel ) Stringfellow Hawke . Gabrielle . Hello . Where 's Marella ? [ liquid pouring ] Oh , uh , sick leave . Sorry . This is a nice wine . It 's a Montrachet , isn 't it ? '79 . It 's been a long time . Two years . I have a job for you . '78 . Oh , I didn 't know that ' 78 was still- - l already have a job . This one pays $ 1 million . ( Archangel ) Half now , half on delivery . Of what ? Airwolf . Moffet stole it five weeks ago . You blew it . Yeah . Hindsight is a wonderful gift , Mr. Hawke . ¢ Ü ¢ Ü [ music continues playing ] You scared the eagle . I what ? Flying in , you downdrafted an eagle . I 'm sorry . Tell that to the eagle . I wasn 't expecting company . I 'll get another trout . God , he 's infuriating . Only because he likes you . [ wind whistling ] [ birds calling ] [ fire crackling ] ( Archangel ) Moffet probably flew it south through Central America then jumped from Brazil across the Atlantic to North Africa . ( Archangel ) Same route we used to ferry planes in World War ll . ( Archangel ) lt took two weeks of concentrated satellite surveillance to confirm Airwolf 's location . ( Archangel ) lt 's in Libya . ( Archangel ) Khadafy 's got it . [ fire continues crackling ] ( Hawke ) Great . That means so do the Russians . Not yet . So far , he hasn 't even let them take a look at it . Khadafy 's keeping it for himself . Why don 't you just blow it up instead of stealing it ? Can 't . Moffet 's erased the Airwolf program from the Firm 's computers . ( Gabrielle ) And it 's gonna take a new development team , even working with the old subcontractors , an estimated 5.3 years to build a new prototype . This reproduction , it 's really excellent . I saw the original in Paris at the--at the Impressionist Museum . No , you didn 't . ( Hawke ) What 's the Firm 's position on Moffet and the crew ? If you can , bring him out with you . The other two aren 't important . And if I can 't ? ( Archangel ) Use extreme prejudice . I saw the original in Paris one month ago . No , you saw a copy . Are you trying to tell me this is the original ? So how do I go in ? ( Archangel ) As a petroleum engineer from Mirabelle Oil . It 's a French firm , but most of the technicians are Americans . Once you land in Tripoli , our operative there will help you . The carrier Enterprise will be standing by in the Gulf of Sirte . You probably won 't have to fly more than 200 miles to get there . ( Hawke ) Yeah , through Khadafy 's army , navy , and air force . At least it 's not the Russians . It 's their equipment . ( Archangel ) But the Russians aren 't manning it . ( Hawke ) You don 't know that . ( Archangel ) We have people in there , Hawke , and they 've reported the equipment is being manned by the Libyans . ( Archangel ) Besides , you 're being paid $ 1 million . Hell , how much did Moffet get ? Probably $ 5 million . And I get $ 1 million ? One usually has to pay traitors more than patriots . Moffet didn 't do it for the money . Neither will I . I want Saint John . You 're not serious ? [ fire crackling ] God , you are . ( Archangel ) Hawke , he 's been an mia for 1 4 years . The odds your brother 's alive are 10,000-to-1 . Well , if he is dead at least bring his body back . I got a job flying in the morning . ( Hawke ) You 'll find blankets in the window boxes . It gets kind of cold around dawn . Good night . I don 't think he 'll pull this off . He can . The question is , can we ? [ wind whistling ] [ Archangel grunts ] [ fire crackling ] ( Gabrielle ) Stringfellow . [ gasping ] You startled me . I couldn 't sleep . I was looking at your collection . It 's incredible . I thought I heard you moving around up here and just wanted to talk . Just about the art . How anyone could have put together a collection like that . It 's fantastic . I 'm sorry . I guess it 's none of my business . You didn 't come up here to talk about art . Yes , I did . Don 't . This is what you came here for . No . No . Archangel 's worried I won 't take the assignment . You 're here to sweeten the deal . You 're wrong . Well , you 're a liar . You didn 't come here to talk about art . Yes , I did . Maybe not totally , but I didn 't come here for Archangel . A liar 's a liar . And a whore 's a whore . Damn you . You 're too late . God already has . ( Hawke ) Gabrielle . My grandfather collected the art for my grandmother . [ screeching ] ( Archangel ) The money is unimportant to him . [ whimpering ] That 's right . Good morning . ( Archangel ) No . He won 't accept that . He 'll demand hard data . We 'll have to inform the President . Eggs ? Oh , no . Coffee , please . Absolutely not . [ chair creaking ] ls he up yet ? Left a couple of hours ago . If the committee has a better idea , I 'm listening . I 'll be on blue channel till 08 : 00 . [ hanging up phone ] The committee is going to blow this one . I can feel it . I don 't think Hawke 's going to do it . What makes you say that ? I talked to him last night after you went to sleep . Come on . It 's too early in the morning for incriminating looks from the boss . Gabrielle , don 't get interested in Stringfellow Hawke . There 's no future in it for you or any woman . Why not ? [ sighs ] When he was 1 2 , he and his parents were in a boating accident on the lake . They drowned . Just before he shipped out to Vietnam , he and his girlfriend were in a car crash . She died . In Nam , he and his brother went down in the same mission . He got picked up . Saint John didn 't . Stringfellow is afraid that anyone he loves , or might love , will die . That 's why when he was so cold to you yesterday I knew he liked you . How 's that for some paperback psychology ? Makes sense . Everyone he loved can 't have died . There is one who 's survived . Up to now , anyway . [ police siren wailing ] [ tires squealing ] And cut ! [ bell ringing ] ( Dominic ) I am not going to let that stupid jackass kill himself with my equipment . He can 't talk to me like that . I 'm the star . Blaze is right , Santini . He 's the star . If he wants to kill himself , he can . Well , fine ! Then let him use one of your cars , not my helicopter . I thought we already had this worked out , Mitch . Listen , now . Maybe Santini 's right , Blaze . Uh , I mean , we are talking about life and limb here . Now , wait a- - wait a minute . You guys listen to me . Mona Kahn heard that I was doing my own flying in this flick . ( Blaze ) She 's here to film me for her T.V. show . Well , I wonder how she heard that . She heard it because I did it before . ( Blaze ) I mean , I flew a hang glider in--in--in Winds of Oahu . I flew a Navy jet in Wings of gold . You had a Navy pilot with you . He told me I flew it ! He--he said I was a natural , he said that I hardly had to touch the stick . And besides , Hawke has been letting me fly for three months . I 've been backing you . What does he mean by that ? He means he 's been on the controls correcting Blaze 's mistakes . ( Blaze ) But I 've been up there doing it for the cameras , and I 'm gonna do it for Mona ! Either that or you can use your--your choppers to haul tourists around Disneyland . Oh , yeah ? Yeah . Now you listen to me , Mr. Movie Star . ( Hawke ) Dominic . ( Dominic ) What ? If the man says he can fly , let him . I 'll ride shotgun to make it legal . But if you do that , Mona will think that you 're flying . I won 't touch the controls . If you do ... [ people chattering ] You 've got my word on it , Blaze . [ turbine starting ] ( Mona ) To tell you the truth , Mitch , I thought your star had finally put it in the fire . Blaze ? Come on , he 's a straight guy . You know that . ( Mona ) Oh , yeah . ( Mona ) So what 's the other guy doing in the chopper ? ( Mitch ) Hawke ? Strictly for insurance purposes . ( Mitch ) We could never get coverage on Blaze for something like this . ( Mitch ) See , Hawke 's hands and feet are off the controls . [ Mitch laughs ] Ready ? You 're the pilot . [ Blaze laughs ] Right . ( BIaze ) What 's wrong ? Not enough left pedal . That 's too much left pedal . ( Mona ) What 's that stunt called ? Well , it--it doesn 't have a name . ( Dominic ) You don 't normally see that unless you 've lost a tail rotor . There he is . ( Blaze ) Hawke , I 'm gonna land now . You 're the pilot . You can back me a little if you want , Hawke . Where is he ? [ engine roaring ] There ! Hawke ! What is that ? ( Dominic ) A hammerhead stall . ( Mona ) ls it safe ? I don 't know . I 've never seen a helicopter do one . [ engine roaring ] [ people laughing ] I always did say you had a lot of guts , Blaze . [ all continue laughing ] [ gun fires ] ( co-pilot ) Moffet , don 't do this . ( co-pilot ) Leave him alone . [ gun fires ] Stop it ! This is perverted . There 's nothing wrong with a little perversion , Mark , just so long as you don 't hurt yourself . [ gun fires ] [ man screams ] [ water splashing ] Look , two out of three isn 't bad . [ men chattering ] [ gun clicking ] ( Kamal ) Dr. Moffet , you are looking more and more like an Arab with each passing day . Actually , I am getting more and more bored . I think I would like to go to Tripoli tonight . Whatever you desire , Doctor . Perhaps you could do us a favor first . Our beleaguered freedom fighters in Chad are being assaulted by the most brutal and barbaric weapons in the imperialistic French arsenal . Their reputation for life- - What exactly is it that your leader would like me to do ? To remove a French Mirage or two from the sky . Oh , really ? is that all ? For now , Doctor . Very well . At least it will relieve the boredom . Excellent , Doctor , excellent . I am curious . What would happen if a bullet were to enter the intakes ? Nothing . I deliberately designed them with armored mesh shields . And the windshield is bulletproof , and the body armor-plated . What is your point , Major ? My point , Doctor , is that in the desert we have a saying : A lion can be killed by the jackal if the jackal knows where to bite . Where does a jackal bite a wolf ? Come here . Just here . This is the , uh , mid-air refueling intake . Now , one bullet up there , and the whole thing would blow up . But not , I guess , today . ( Kamal ) You are insane , Doctor . Actually , no . I 'm just quite bored . [ gun firing ] ( co-piIot ) I have a target bearing 052 relative . ( co-piIot ) angels five . Speed , 400 knots . Is your radar searching ? ( co-piIot ) Stand by , one . ( co-piIot ) Negative radar search . ( Moffet ) What type aircraft ? ( co-piIot ) Scanning . ( co-piIot ) Got it . It 's a Mirage . ( Moffet ) Bring the attack computer online and stand by for turbo ignition . ( co-piIot ) Target at seven miles , bearing 050 relative . ( co-piIot ) still at angels five . ( co-piIot ) He doesn 't see us . ( Moffet ) deploy the A.D.F. pod . ( co-piIot ) deployed . ( Moffet ) Now hold it right there . ( Moffet ) Thank you . ( Moffet ) And that , gentlemen , is another victory for Khadafy 's revolutionary forces in Chad . [ Moffet laughing ] ( Hawke ) I 'm sorry about that , Dominic . ( Dominic ) For what ? Losing that job ? ( Dominic ) hell , I ain 't had so much fun since your dad took old Purdy up in his P-40 . [ laughs ] We were ferrying them , see , over the hump to ChennauIt . The Firm 's got a job for me . I thought you quit flying for them . They 're going to go after Saint John . Don 't do this to yourself , String . You don 't love your brother any more than I do . If I thought it 'd help , I 'd go to Nam and hunt for him myself . But it won 't . He 's gone and you 've got to let him go . Like I did . ( Hawke ) Dom , I need your help . ( Dominic ) Doing what ? ( Hawke ) well , for starters , you 've got to get to Libya . Oh , sure , I 'II just , uh ... Libya ? Hey , that 's Khadafy 's sand pile . He doesn 't like us , String . We don 't like him , either . will you do it ? well , Iet 's see . ( Dominic ) Tony Boswick 's got a charter flying oil rigs to Libya from england . I couId probably fly co-piIot on one of his flights . Sure , I can do it . Hey , but why can 't I go with you ? I don 't want the Firm to know you 're backing me . I am liking this less and less . What 're we gonna do ? Kidnap Khadafy ? Nothing that simple . [ blades whirring ] ( Gabrielle ) Archangel wouldn 't let them take it . He didn 't want the Firm to take your art , but the committee overruled him . Why ? You turned down $ 1 million . That made them nervous . In exchange for Saint John . Well , that frightened them even more . They 're not even going to try , are they ? ( Gabrielle ) The Firm will do all it can to find your brother . They 're concerned you won 't take the mission till they have something tangible . ( Gabrielle ) They can 't wait . You 're the only man besides Moffet who 's flown Airwolf . You 're the only one who has a chance to get it back . Why didn 't Archangel stay to tell me himself ? He was called back to Washington . Besides , I was always the one who was going to brief you . Maybe . Maybe he knew I 'd take him apart . [ Tet whimpers ] [ whimpering ] Did Tet put up a fight ? No . Smart dog . ¢ Ü ¢ Ü [ music playing ] ¢ Ü ¢ Ü [ music continues playing ] [ men laughing ] I don 't understand what you Westerners see in women with such skinny bodies . In the desert , a body like this would wither and die in a matter of hours . After a few hours with such a body , what would it matter ? ¢ Ü ¢ Ü [ music playing ] I want her . That will be difficult . We believe she is an American spy . Perhaps I can question her for you . I could do that . Of course , Brother Khadafy was most pleased with your exploits this afternoon against the French on behalf of our beleaguered freedom fighters in Chad . Your destruction of two French Mirage fighters will be told about in the camps of our people until the desert sand turns to water . But it 's still not enough to pay for her . There are many women here who are just- - What is ? An American destroyer . [ laughing ] Done . ( GabrieIIe ) Her name is angela . She is a dancer at the Red castle . ( Gabrielle ) You 're not listening , Stringfellow . She 's our contact in Tripoli . Where does Archangel get them ? He found me when I was 15 . That was a rhetorical question . According to Angela , Airwolf 's located along the coast west of Tripoli . We have reason to believe it 's been used against the French in Chad . A Mirage fighter was shot down yesterday over the desert there . [ fishing rod creaks ] Sit down ! Hand me that net . Ha ! It 's beautiful ! Yeah ? About three pounds . Um , now put it back . It 's ... beau ... I couldn 't eat that . It 's beautiful . You can 't kill it . Put it back , okay ? Please . ( Gabrielle ) You 're eating the poor thing just to spite me . I suppose you think I 'm being stupid . Yeah . I know people eat fish . I eat fish . It 's just that trout was very beautiful . Yeah , I think I understand . Do you ? Well , you just like to eat ugly fish . I don 't know . Maybe that 's it . You know , like sole . You know , sole has two eyes on one side of his head . That is an ugly fish . Yeah , I like sole . And pig . That 's not one of God 's most beautiful creatures , but I bet you like pork . Yeah , pork 's okay . And lamb ? Yeah. I love lamb . Cute , cuddly , woolly little lambs . [ exclaiming ] [ whining ] You know , anyone who would teach a dog to ... Ugh ! ( engineer ) Another fishing boat . 12 o ' clock . ( co-piIot ) We are being radar scanned . able to absorb 93 percent of the signal . It 's American naval frequencies . [ beeping ] The radar is emanating from a Knox-cIass destroyer . Bring a bullpup on the line . It 's an American destroyer , Moffet . Bring a bullpup on the line . ( co-piIot ) For God 's sake , Moffet , they 're Americans . [ alarm sounding ] ( engineer ) missile is five miles from target . Four miles . Three . Two . One . The missile is detonated . [ screeching ] ¢ Ü ¢ Ü [ cello playing ] [ eagle screeching ]
