 ( male narrator ) This briefing is from file A56-7W , classified top-secret . Subject is . : Airwolf . A Mach 1-plus attack helicopter with the most advanced weapon system in the air today . It 's been hidden somewhere in the western United States by its test pilot , Stringfellow Hawke . Hawke has promised to return Airwolf only if we can find his brother St. John , an MIA in Vietnam . We suspect Archangel , Deputy Director of the agency that built Airwolf is secretly helping Hawke in return for Hawke 's flying Airwolf on missions of national concern . Stringfellow Hawke is 34 , a brilliant combat pilot and a recluse since his brother 's disappearance . His only friend is Dominic Santini whose air service is the cover for their government work . With Hawke and Santini flying as a team at speeds rivaling the fastest jets , backed by unmatched firepower , Airwolf is too dangerous to be left in unenlightened hands . Finding it is your first priority . ( Hawke ) Dom , we got any signal yet ? ( Dominic ) They can 't bend radar around corners , String . Hang on . We 'll climb up where they can see us . There it is . Bearing 295 , in that itty-bitty canyon , I 'll bet . Weapons to combat mode . Combat mode . Turbos . String , that canyon ain 't wide enough for a couple of burros to walk side by side . We 'll make it if we get those burros out of our way . ( Dominic ) String , you hit the bull 's-eye . All right , let 's climb out of it . Dom , she 's still awful mushy . Canyon walls coming up . This thing 's lost all of its delicacy . I got to muscle it . You can 't ! We 're gonna pile into those walls ! Can 't help it . We got to try . Oh , my God ! Saint Peter , I presume . Sorry , just your run-of-the-miII ArchangeI . [ sighs ] Oh , great jumping Jehoshaphat ! well , what 's your appraisal , Mr. Santini ? Are you kiddin ' ? [ laughing ] Man , that 's amazing . I forgot it was a game . It 's not a game , it 's a simulation . But we 're pleased you find it so realistic . Yeah , you just sit in there and you--you swear it 's the real thing . ( Hawke ) well , not quite . The stick 's way too loose . And there 's too much yaw . The real AirwoIf would have made it . well , maybe next time , when you 're more familiar with- - There won 't be a next time . I came and I flew this overgrown video machine like you asked . I told you what 's wrong with it . Now I 'm goin ' home . ( woman on PA system ) Simulation is now complete . All banks show recycle mode . I 'II be outside when you 're ready to fly us back to the cabin . Hawke , Fr . Winchester has a report he 'd Iike you to fill out . I forgot my pen . well , I 'd sure like to know how you do it . well , come with me . AII right . ( Winchester ) His reaction was unexpected and totally uncalled for . He claims it didn 't fly like AirwoIf . well , I 'm not saying it 's perfect , archangel . It 's only Phase One . Phase Two requires AirwoIf and Hawke . You must deliver him . I agree . The simulation is controlled from the main terminal and several smaller terminals . We installed this large screen so visitors could view the action more easily . Huh . You could see what was happenin ' in there ? Oh , yes . And I must confess that when AirwoIf crashed , I felt a little shiver . Huh . I didn 't know you cared . We know what AirwoIf looks like , of course . And we have a pretty clear idea of its capabilities , even the classified ones . It 's just a matter of putting performance and appearance together in a given scenario at computer speed . The graphics computers were making even three years ago were cave drawings compared to these . What about other aircraft ? Oh , we have quite a library . How about our Hughes 500 meeting its fate ? [ chuckles ] Very impressive . well worth the Firm 's investment . Thank you . I want to tell you , you put some g-forces in that simulator , and nobody will be able to tell the difference . I couId . flying is flying and games are games . ( archangel ) That 's not very helpful . could you put a percentage on how realistic you thought it was ? It 's not exactly a perfect ten . Fr . Winchester would be the first to admit that . That 's exactly why he needs your participation . That 's another thing . How come Robert Winchester 's in this program ? He 's a pilot , not a scientist . It is possible to be both . well , Winchester was one of the original bunch of AirwoIf pilots . Back when you were gonna make a fleet . His computer skills made him more valuable on the ground . well , I heard he washed out . He 's great on instruments but had no natural ability . Now he 's supposed to teach me to fly AirwoIf ? But that 's not what they 're sayin ' , String . No one can fly AirwoIf the way you do . And that 's the problem . We have no backup , and no way to train them . What happens if you go for a hike one day and don 't come back ? What happens 10 years from now , when your flying skills begin to erode ? With Winchester 's equipment , we can get a computer-perfect profile not only of AirwoIf , but of how StringfeIIow Hawke , in his prime , files AirwoIf . Some of the major-Ieague baseball teams are using similar techniques to profile the perfect swing . I read about that . Pete Rose will live forever . I 'm not gonna take AirwoIf anyplace the Firm can get its hands on her . Each night you can fly it away to any hiding place you choose . Yeah , I 'II think about it . [ Fominic sighs ] No matter how many times I see it , she still takes my breath away . Yeah . ( Hawke ) How much food we got ? ( Fominic ) About five days ' worth . Hey , if we run short , we can always set down in the parking lot of the local market , you know . [ laughs ] You 're lookin ' forward to this , aren 't you ? well , yes , I am . If we can help the next generation , why not ? You 're tellin ' me you 're doin ' this for the next generation ? Hey , when you get to be my age , sonny , you 'II see that it 's important to leave somethin ' behind . Yeah , you and Pete Rose , you 're gonna live forever . Ah , come on , nobody lives forever . No , it 's--it 's just that I--I just love the idea , that 's all . Hey , 20 or 30 years from now , when you 're sittin on that cabin porch of yours , and I 'm flying charter for you-know-who , [ laughs ] some pilot will be sittin in that simulator . They 'II be flyin ' combat against you and me . We 'II be kickin ' their butts . Hey , they 'II be chasin our smoke all over the sky [ laughs ] and they 'II be sayin ' , " Who the hell are these guys Hawke and Santini ? " If I don 't stuff this big bird in the ground first . Oh , come on , don 't worry about that . It was just a fluke . [ sighs ] I guess every pilot goes through it . Seems like when you hit the backside , you start to lose your reflexes . Yeah . Maybe this thing came along at just the right time . Uh-huh . Yeah , but listen , you ain 't on your backside yet , not by a Iong shot . Now , come on , give me a hand with the rest of these groceries . ( Fiana ) Target is destroyed . You have 30 seconds to get out of the canyon . Twenty-five seconds . Twenty seconds . Fifteen seconds . Ten seconds . Nine , eight , seven , six ... five ... pull up . pull up ! You did it ! Hawke crashed it , but you did it ! [ laughs ] Yeah . Yeah , I pulled it out . You are the best , Robert . You are . You really are . ( Hawke ) That 's it ? It 's not exactly downtown USA , is it ? The telemetry pod will record your position , speed , and so on , anywhere on the range . I 'm not going to be responsible if that thing tears off at Mach 1 . Oh , it 'II stay on all right . We 've hooked them up to F-15s and pushed to Mach 3 . No problem . You got any F-15s out here today ? No . No , not today . We have to work our way up the ladder , you know . We have to see AirwoIf crawl before she can run . ( Hawke ) It 's the 1984 model Airwolf taking on Detroit 's more demanding torture test engineered like no other Airwolf in the world . Let 's do it again . The fine movements are just as important as the high-speed ones , Mr. Hawke . Thank you for your help . You 're doing fine . Very good , AirwoIf . Now , Iet 's see if you 're as good against a moving target . That 's the way it is in combat , Winchester . Things move . Of course , you won 't be using live ammunition this time . The machines can tell if you hit or missed . Missed ? Mister , you do got a lot to learn about the Airwolf . Chain guns . Chain guns . ( Hawke ) Well , how 'd did I do ? We 'II tally up at the end of the day , Mr. Hawke . ( archangel ) beautiful . She is , uh , better appreciated from a distance , michael . I 'm a man of my word . You 're helping us , and I appreciate it . I 've doubled security at the perimeter . You 're safer sleeping here than out in the middle of nowhere . I Iike nowhere , especially the middle section . An excellent day , Mr. Hawke . excellent . ( Winchester ) We have an almost perfect readout of AirwoIf against ground targets . What do you mean almost perfect ? well , 100 % would be perfect . You got 67 % . ( Fominic ) 67 % ? well , you missed a couple . surely you know that . We didn 't miss . Each pass looked right on the money to me , Foc . You were sitting in the back , Mr. Santini . The computer had the best seat in the house . It was wrong . The machine has no reason to lie , Mr. Hawke , unlike the pilot . Come on , Fom . ( Fominic ) If I say something , you won 't get teed off , will you ? Huh ? Sometimes , I just don 't understand you , String . And before , you used to talk about how stupid and artificial this thing is . But when it gives you less than a perfect score , you--you act like you lost a war or somethin ' . Hey , lighten up on yourself , will you ? We hit those targets 10 for 10 . Yeah , sure looked that way to me , too . But so what if the computer has a few bugs in it ? Fon 't take it so personally . well , Winchester sure is . He 's really enjoyin cracking ' the whip and making me jump through those hoops . How well do you know that guy ? I said hello to him on the flight line , across the room at parties . He was closer to Moffett than anybody . Moffett ? The guy who invented AirwoIf ? Yeah . They sort of spoke the same language . Huh . well , it won 't hurt us none to play trained pony for a couple of more days . Yeah . Yeah , I guess not . Besides , it 's nice to be outside the city for a while , huh ? [ coyote howling ] Listen . [ howling ] What kind of a lame coyote is that ? Lame ? I suppose you can do better . [ howling ] Coyote ! That 's the kind that paints his own fingernails . You 're calling my coyote a sissy ? [ howling ] [ both laughing ] ¢ Ü ¢ Ü [ music playing on stereo ] [ laughing ] You 're really feeling your oats tonight . well , why not ? In just a couple of days- - You won 't need another couple of days . Hawke 's madder than sin now . Fidn 't you see his face ? I saw it . He won 't be able to resist the challenge . Another bad score and he 'II be ready for anything . [ laughing ] What was his real score today ? Perfect . It 's nearly impossible to miss a ground target from AirwoIf . Yes , but air-to-air , that 's somethin ' else , right ? exactly . Thanks . How they could pass up a superb mind like yours in favor of some rudder-jockey like Hawke is beyond me . Yeah , well , that 's the way it is . What a person knows , what a person can do , or make , or create , they forget all that . AII goes by the board , when the kid with the great right arm shows up . The natural talent . And Hawke was always that kid , wasn 't he ? Yeah . I hope you fly him into the ground . You know , I never could 've done any of this , if it wasn 't for you . Fon 't be ridiculous . You designed the simulator . Yeah . But without your encouragement , I never would 've got this close to taking Hawke on . I Iove you . Mmm . Mmm . Oh , I 'm sorry . That 's all right . It 's okay . You 'd better run some cold water on that right away . cold water , huh ? Mmm-hmm . In the men 's room . Go on . Okay . ( man ) That was fortuitous . No , I spilled it . [ snickering ] What is your progress ? If all goes well , the machine will be in your hands tomorrow . I 'II contact you with the details . But AirwoIf must have defenses against theft . Which I will neutralize . Once we have access to the on-board computer , there will be no problem . Your control over Winchester seems good . It is absolute . He thinks this is all designed to provide a moment of truth between him and StringfeIIow Hawke . He knows nothing of the larger plan . Such a brilliant and inventive mind to be swayed by the most basic passions : jealousy and lust . The machines get smarter . Men never change . Rocket fire , rocket fire . How am I doin ' ? We don 't analyze maneuvers one at a time , Mr. Hawke . The next run- - ( Hawke ) You tell me if that was a hit or a miss , or I 'm vectoring out of here right now . [ computer beeping ] You missed him . Winchester , I want to talk to you right now . Alone . ( Hawke ) That bird was square on line with the target box . ( Winchester ) Maybe you clutched at the Iast minute . I didn 't clutch . Look , Hawke , it 's not my fault you keep missing the targets . We recaIibrated this morning . The machine is perfect . The machine is screwed up . I 've had AirwoIf in combat . I know her . You don 't . I know her . Then why aren 't you flying her instead of throwing the clay pigeons . Bureaucratic stupidity . It 's too bad they didn 't make two of them . I can simulate two . airwolf versus AirwoIf , full on dogfight . With you pushing the buttons ? No tricks . I wanna beat you even odds . Come on , String , let 's forget the whole thing and go home . It 's not a game anymore . You 're like a couple of gunfighters heading for a showdown . Besides , I don 't like anybody messing ' around with these electronics . Aren 't you curious to know who 's best ? I never lost so much as a fingernail flying ' with you . That 's good enough for me . There 's the lab . How many heat sources have you got ? ( Dominic ) Just two . Outside . [ AirwoIf whirring ] It 's here . ( Alex ) We are on our way . ( Winchester ) This is the prototype of the laser frame . We 've kept it in storage just in case . It works just the same as the other one . How do I know that ? well , we can trade ships , if you want to . No , thanks . You can 't see the lasers now , but once you get inside , with the frosted glass , the program will appear . You see what I mean ? This is exactly what I was worried about . How do we know what 's happenin ' in there ? AII done . Ready for test ? Put him in the canyon , doing 100 knots . ( Fiana ) You got it . [ beeping ] ( Winchester ) Foes the feel seem okay ? We don 't want it mushy , do we ? Set him back down . ( Fiana ) He 's on the ground . ( Winchester ) Ready , Hawke ? ( Hawke ) Ready . Let 's go . After you . How much further ? Beyond the perimeter fence , one mile . Is that the best you can do , Hawke ? You can 't lose me that easy , Hawke . ( Hawke ) I 'm not trying to lose you . I 'm just giving you a flying lesson . [ clicks ] [ alarm blaring ] ( voice on PA system ) Alert ! Alert ! Security breach . Sector 1 1B . Alert ! Alert ! Security breach . Sector 1 1B . ( Fominic ) What is it ? The perimeter alarm . Security 's been breached . Get the doors open ! We have to get AirwoIf out of here . [ keyboard keys clacking ] What 's going on , Dom ? I 've got a firefight 2 klics east . Let 's go have a look . ( Archangel ) And a wonderful time was had by all . The funds for this project did not include an allocation for seIf-induIgence , Mr. Hawke , Fr . Winchester . This was totally uncalled for and very nearly tragic . fortunately , my beefed-up security prevented the evening from ending on a sour note . Such as AirwoIf in the hands of criminals . Is that what they were ? I was hopeful you could tell us who they were . I don 't know . only the four of you knew that AirwoIf would be here last night . This is a Iarge laboratory complex . I 'm sure there are other projects around here someone might like to steal . This project is officially shut down . You can 't . I am . What 's more , you and Miss Norris are under house arrest in this lab until I can straighten this out . You can 't do that . What gives you the right ? How does " national security " sound to you ? What about Fom and I ? I 'd Iike nothing better than to have you both safely back wherever you hide AirwoIf . well , I never thought I 'd hear you say that . However , you two are the only ones who got a look at the assault team . I may need you . We 'II be in the neighborhood . [ Fominic sighs ] You know , archangel 's basically a pretty fair man . When he clears you , you 'II be back in business . What makes you so sure I 'm innocent ? I saw you when the alarm went off . Save AirwoIf . That 's all you wanted to do . I 'm sorry it had to end like that . Yeah . It was quite a duel , wasn 't it ? Fid you really think so ? Yeah . You had me . You never know . You were pretty tough . [ scoffs ] Hey , tell me the truth , Hawke . Is the simulator anything like the real AirwoIf . Pretty doggone close . After all this blows over , I 'd Iike to come back for another demonstration . It 's a hell of a machine . And maybe afterwards , we can take a spin in mine . That 's a deal . [ both chattering ] What are you watching ? I 'm not watching , I 'm running a bIow-by-bIow analysis . I still think you 're as good as he is . Oh , come on , honey , you saw that last maneuver . He got me . He 's a superb pilot . The only thing he 's got on you is experience . If you knew his bag of tricks , you would 've won . What am I supposed to do , read his mind ? Not his mind . The mind of the machine . What do you mean ? I noticed when we were hooking up for the simulation that AirwoIf has a rather extensive memory . When it goes into a combat mode , the memory clicks on . Of course . A complete record of every air combat airwolf has ever been in , right in there , waiting to be studied . I don 't think they know it has this capability . It would be fascinating to look at it . I placed an interface in the central processor and tied it to AirwoIf 's SSB . You did ? Let 's try it . I don 't know . Hawke 's been having adventures that should 've been yours . Aren 't you just a little curious ? Move over . [ woman chattering on PA system ] [ crickets chirping ] Look at those tanks . They look Russian to me . What 's wrong ? Nothing . I was just thinking of something Fr . Moffett said . Who 's Moffett ? The designer of AirwoIf . He 's dead now . We were at a party one night , and he got this funny grin on his face . He said : " Robert , AirwoIf is very much a living thing . More than you can imagine . " What did he mean ? I 'm just beginning to understand . My God . Inside its computer , airwolf contains its own design , just like a living creature . The complete information as to how to recreate itself . Fantastic . We have to copy this out . I 'II transfer it . Oh , wait a minute . Maybe we shouldn 't . Robert , think a minute . FeIiver this to archangel , he 'II forgive everything . And when he builds a new AirwoIf , he 'II need someone to fly it . Yeah . ( woman on PA system ) Attention . Maintenance team to Building 5 . Maintenance team to Building 5 . Escape plan South . special equipment . 1600 hours . End . Yes , standard route , drop site to Mexico City and home . End . Is it ready ? will it take the tapes ? [ buzzing ] Yes , sir . Ah , String , I 'm dreaming sweet daydreams of cool , dry air at 30,000 feet . [ groaning ] You know , michael will be calling soon . [ radio beeping ] Now he can hear radio waves coming in , too . ( MareIIa ) Fruit juice ? No , thanks . Hey . This is the life . [ whooping ] I haven 't had any luck trying to find the men who breached the perimeter the other night . Thought maybe one of these faces would ring a bell . [ beeping ] ( Hawke ) That 's one of them there . The leader . ( Fominic ) Sure is . AIexai Provoff . Russian ? ( MareIIa ) Just like caviar from fish . Top Soviet agent . He 's the one who stole our swing-wing technology . ruthless . Can fly anything . Which means they were definitely after AirwoIf the other night . Which means one of our two friends in the lab is in league with him . I just can 't believe that Robert Winchester would turn over . We better get back there . Right . The main thing is for you to get AirwoIf out of the area and back to its hiding place . With pleasure . Come on , kid . AII I 'm askin ' is , give him the benefit of the doubt . ( archangel ) Innocent until proven guilty . We try traitors the same way we try pickpockets . ( voice on PA system ) Alert ! Alert ! Security breach . Sector 1 1B . [ alarm blaring ] Good idea , we 'd better hide the tapes . No , Robert , I 'm taking them with me . What ? Where ? I want you to come , too . To my country . With these , our engineers can- - You ... You used me ! [ grunts ] ( Fiana ) Robert , please , stop ! [ groans ] You didn 't have to shoot him . Fid we need him ? No . It 's not Iike you to be sentimental , GIoriana . shall we go ? I can take out the limo . In 20 minutes , we 'll be in Mexican airspace . There is Airwolf . Don 't worry about Airwolf . Agents . I know . What did they get ? Fesigns of AirwoIf . Every detail . They plan to build another one . Hawke . Hawke , do you read ? ( Archangel ) Diana is the agent . She 's stolen the tapes on Airwolf . Winchester 's been shot . Can you help me ? ( Hawke ) I 'm on my way . [ revving powerfully ] I 'm already heading south . How 's Robert ? Not great . Somebody 's gonna pay for that . Here he comes . If you control their computer , why not just scramble their radar , and let us get away ? Because if we destroy him , ours will be the only Airwolf . [ chuckles ] He 's slowing down . Here he comes . Airwolf to unidentified helicopter . You are ordered to land . [ beeping ] Where 'd he go ? ( Dominic ) He 's staying right with us ! He must have that chopper souped-up . You want turbos ? No , let 's see how hot a pilot he is . We 'll play this one out even . I don 't believe this guy . It 's like trying to run from your own shadow . The instant he moves his controls , his computer tells ours , and we match it . Based on his usual patterns , he 'll turn and come back here . Fire ! They nearly got us with that rocket . When will we start shooting back , String ? Weapons to combat mode . Negative function , combat mode . Guns ? Negative . ADF rockets ? They won 't deploy . Then give me turbos . Somebody pulled our teeth . Another rocket . [ rocket firing ] We got nothin goin ' for us , String . Can we deploy the guns manually ? I can try . Look out , rocket coming in ! tell Hawke ... fly cold . airwolf , archangel here . Fr . Winchester says fly cold . Cold ? Pull the plug back there . They 're into our electronics . Everything ? Every last microchip . It 's Orville and Wilbur time ! ( archangel ) I 've already got an ambulance chopper coming . What could be faster than AirwoIf ? Have I got full power ? Full power . You want the turbos ? I don 't think so . It might hurt him . You got it . All yours . I got it . I 'm flying it .
