 ( Hawke ) But what I do not need is a trip to Mexico . This ain 't Mexico . It 's AcapuIco , man ! Aca-sun-and-the-sand-PuIco ! Oh , come on , kid . Take this shuttle job with me . We 'II deliver the old bird and then make some customer happy , and then , whoo-hoo ! Some customer , Dom ? This customer wouldn 't happen to be , uh , Queeny May Shapiro , would it ? well , yeah , yeah . Look , uh ... But , well , this is strictly business , strictly business , String . And , besides , Queeny knows just about everybody down there and she was , uh , sort of hoping ' that she could introduce you to a , uh ... A certain gorgeous- - What in the hell is Queeny gonna do with an antique chopper ? House calls . House calls ? House calls . Here . The shutter ring was offset . It 'II work just fine now . Take a picture of Queeny 's little girlfriend for me , will you ? I 'd Iike to see what I 'm missin ' . You 're missin a whole lot , String . A-and I 'm not talking about Queeny 's friend either . Look , you can 't spend your whole life sitting up there in the cabin with Tet . I know it . well , then come with me . Maybe next time , Dom . There may not be a next time , you ever think of that ? Yeah . I 'II send you a postcard . I 'm gonna miss you . ( controller on radio ) Van Nuys Four Tango alpha . Four Tango alpha at Santini Air . Requesting clearance for departure . ( controller on radio ) Four Tango alpha . Departure approved . Four Tango alpha , thanks . ( man ) The bird 's on its way , and set for a tailspin . A very delicate job , if I may say . Very well . Thank you . Good night . Project 58205 . Just some clerical details that will need my attention . Wait until you move into my job , mitchell and see how the details begin to breed all around you . It 'II be some time before I move into your job , sir . AII things being equal , that 's probably true . But let 's not waste time with maudlin musings on the inevitability of decline . Laura , the champagne , please . Good luck in Mexico , Mitch . And may you avoid the drudgery of details for at Ieast a few years more . salud . [ airplane engine roaring ] [ cars honking ] [ announcer chattering on P.A. system ] ( archangel ) Bruck , see you in 10 days . Do you really believe he 'II replace you someday ? He could . But why speculate when we have the answer ? [ snickers ] [ beeping ] ( man ) The bird 's on its way , and set for a tailspin . A very delicate job , if I may say . ( Bruck ) Very well . Thank you . Good night . [ recording machine beeps ] Doesn 't sound like clerical details , does it ? No , sir . [ beeping ] ( Laura ) The call originated at a payphone , the 213 area . specifically , Van Nuys Airport . We 've nothing active in Southern california at the moment . Van Nuys is the home field for Santini Air . You think it has something to do with StringfeIIow Hawke ? I 'd bet on it . Try to reach Santini . ( archangel ) Take me back to the airport . I want the company jet brought online immediately . Have a helicopter standing by at Norton Air Force Base . Let 's see if we can beat Bruck to the land of salsa and sunshine . [ engine whirring ] ( Dominic ) Port of entry , 1 7 . This is helicopter Four Tango alpha crossing international border marker 42 delta Poppa . ( controller on radio ) Roger . Four Tango alpha , this is Port of Entry 17 . flight plan to acapulco , clear . Roger , Port of Entry . Hey ! Terrific , man ! What 're you tryin ' to do ? kill me ? What are you doin aboard my chopper ? I was gonna try and hijack something to acapulco , but then I heard that you were going there , so I decided to just [ beeping ] sort of be a stowaway . The name 's Phoebe Danner . unreal . ( Phoebe ) You can say that again . Hey , listen , man , I would not have taken this stupid old chopper if I 'd known that you had , Iike , weird personal prejudices . Wait a minute . hold it . hold it . I ain 't got no--no prejudices except one , Miss Donner . And that is , I don 't like freeIoaders . [ beeping continues ] Now , for the third and last time , what are you doin aboard this vintage aircraft ? The name 's Danner , Phoebe Danner . And if you gotta know , I 'm on my way to see my father , and- - [ explosion ] [ engine faltering ] Mayday ! Mayday ! This is helicopter Four Tango alpha . [ alarm blaring ] At approximate coordinates 520-2-762 Hard over . I 'm taking in . What 's happened ? A-are we gonna ... Are we gonna ... Yeah , kid , we 're gonna . I don 't believe it . believe it , kid ! believe it . Here comes good old Mother Earth . [ helicopter engine sputtering ] Here , bury that big mouth of yours in this . Who 's got a big mouth ? Put it in front of your face , damn it ! And hold on ! Come on , baby , come on . Keep your nose up , sweetheart . Come on . Keep your nose up . Get your tail down , sweetheart . [ engine continues sputtering ] That 's it . Hit it down . O-o-oh , hell ! [ whining ] [ birds chirping ] [ fly buzzing ] Hey ! What are you , nuts or somethin ' ? Oh . Ooh . Oh , with a head like this , I should 've gotten drunk , at Ieast . holy mackerel ! What is it ? Let me look . No , no , no , no , no ! Don 't move . Don 't move . Don 't move . [ breathing heavily ] Look , you--you give me your legs . Give me your legs and m-move very easily . That 's it . Don 't ... That 's it . Easy does it . AII right , give me your legs . Easy . Easy . That 's it . AII right . D-drop right out . That 's it . That 's it . [ metal squeaking ] [ metal grinding ] It 's a miracle . Dumb luck , if you ask me . ( man ) The bird 's on its way , and set for a tailspin . A very delicate job , if I may say . ( Bruck ) Very well . Thank you . Good night . mitchell Bruck is my executive officer . He 's hardworking , smart as they come . But for some time now I 've had circumstantial evidence he was attempting to undermine my position . To get the committee to , uh , retire me early . I think he realized I was on to his game plan . It 's politics . Facts of Iife , Mr. Hawke . Bruck knows his days are numbered at the Firm . If he can deliver AirwoIf , it wouId be worth at Ieast an undersecretary position in any of a dozen intelligence agencies . So he sabotages Dom 's helicopter and drops him in the Sonora Desert and waits for me and AirwoIf to arrive , huh ? ( archangel ) Dom 's the bait . There 's no doubt about that . And any air search will most likely be held up or minimal , at best . Bruck 's worked before with a colonel Arias in the Mexican Air Force . And he controls the area where Santini went down . Where are you going ? After Dom . Not in AirwoIf . Then why 'd you tell me all this ? Sooner or later , the information would 've reached you . And I don 't want Bruck getting his MachiaveIIian hands on AirwoIf . Then fly with me and make sure he doesn 't . [ whimpers ] You serious ? You are . AII right , you got yourself a copilot . Engineer . ( Laura ) Mr. Hawke . No . She is a top pilot . So was GabrieIIe . [ whining ] I 'm not GabrieIIe . The man said no . The answer is no . ( Bruck ) Our concession to propriety . Two search planes . Four hours since Dominic Santini sent out his mayday . I sincerely hope , colonel Arias , that your efforts at rescue will not be considered too little , too late . mitchell , how can two search planes be not enough , if they are the only planes I have in working condition ? You have a point , colonel . The device was set . It went off . I presume your men are waiting and ready for this Mr. Hawke ? Readiness is only an accomplished fact when the need for it is over . Hawke is not the kind of man one can ever truly be ready for . although we 're as close to that desired condition as can be hoped for . Maybe it 's just a ruse . Trying to get away without our hassIing him . Not his style . He 'II be here . I 'm not so sure . I am . [ wind howling ] [ beeping ] [ engine howling ] [ engine roaring ] [ sonic boom echoing ] My God ! That seems to be everyone 's reaction . Mind the store . Hang on . Do you have to fly this low ? Better that than radar . Hawke , you made your point . I 'd Iike to get there in one piece . Besides , if I 'm reading this right , we 'II be out of fuel before we reach the border . Not if that tanker you ordered is where it 's supposed to be . It 'II be there . You know , if you can order tankers in support- - Why don 't I throw all the Firm 's resources into the game and swarm in there with a platoon of agents ? 'Cause the committee would realize I let the situation develop too far . Maybe Bruck won 't replace me , but someone would . politics . [ metallic dinging ] [ crow cawing ] [ birds chirping ] [ wind howling ] [ grunting ] Hey ! I didn 't even know you were gone . Yep . Here , you pull this . Oh , yeah . [ grunting ] Thanks a Iot . What 'd I tell you ? The idea of hopping all the way down there ... [ helicopter engine whirring ] Choppers ! Oh , yeah . Hey ! Over here ! [ flare gun clicking ] Here ! Bravo , this is alpha . Lock and load . Roger , alpha . Lock and load . Hey ! [ both laughing ] Hey ! Over- - Hey , hey . Kid , I got a funny feeling . What kind of feeling ? [ gun firing ] [ Phoebe screaming ] That kind . [ gun firing continues ] [ helicopter engine roaring ] ( Bruck on PA system ) Mr. Santini , you are our prisoner , but we do not want you or the passenger you have mysteriously acquired . You are aware , I 'm sure , what we do want . You will stay within the perimeter outlined by my gunners . If you do not , you will be fired on . I have a marginal contact at 23 miles . Azimuth line 140 . Grid 7 . Moving very fast . ( archangel on radio ) Contact . 326 Northwest . A pair in the air , one on the ground . Choppers ? Choppers . And I 'II lay 10-to-1 I killed myself getting the allocations to pay for them . No bet . Hang on . [ engine roaring ] Ground control , this is alpha chopper . Oh , my God . ( Hawke ) They hit the tail rotor . I 'm losing rotor control . He should never have come after me . Disengage rotor systems . Eight-count on my mark for turbine ignition . You 're crazy ! We can 't- - Mark . Eight , seven , six , five ... Hawke , there 's 45,000 pounds of thrust in those turbines . ( archangel ) What 'II happen to the tail rotor- - ... two , one , ignition . [ engine hissing ] ( Bruck ) On first contact , he was approximately here . Less than a minute later , he was here . He bounced across a ridgeline , right into our lap . Then why is he still not in your lap ? Because he has more guts than sense . Going to Mach 1 Iike that put him into critical fuel consumption . And his tail rotor was hit by a rocket . He can 't have gotten very far . We 'II start searching at first light . We could search for a week , and in country like this , we could miss him by 50 meters . And while we search , he could return . The ground forces would never be able to hold him . No . I chose the field . I set the trap . Now I have to wait . When he comes back , I 'II get him . Comes back ? But , Bruck , what if he does not come back , huh ? I mean , by now he knows it 's a trap . He also knows that I 'm not wining and dining his friend out there . And Santini 's passenger , that was a wrinkle I didn 't expect but it 's one which I believe might help us . If you couldn 't take him today , what makes you think you can do it tomorrow ? Because I didn 't get a chance today to use the Leech . Leech ? Air-to-air missile , of the Sidewinder variety . It 's called the Leech because instead of exploding on impact , it attaches itself . Santa Madre ! After attachment , it fires a shaped head into the skin of the aircraft followed by auditory or visual disrupting agents . incredibly high-pitched sound , or gas , or both . The gas is not lethal , with a three-minute Ieeway before unconsciousness , giving Hawke enough time to decide between a crack-up and death or an emergency landing . Where do you think this Hawke is now ? well , he 'II need to repair the rotor . There are salt and mining camps scattered all through this area . [ engine droning ] I got to set it down . You don 't know what 's down there . I 've got no choice . [ helicopter engine whirring ] [ chickens clucking ] [ engine winding down ] [ pigs grunting ] [ chickens clucking ] [ goats bleating ] It doesn 't look deserted . Where are all the people ? probably took off . well , wouldn 't you if something like us dropped into your backyard ? ( archangel ) probably think we 're a UFO or something . ( Hawke ) Or something . That 's just what we need . Let 's get that rotor off . [ crickets chirruping ] Good thing it was a little bomb , just enough to bring her down , but not enough damage to kill me . Us . I think I can patch her up- - Ow ! Dominic . [ whining ] ( Phoebe ) You can 't fix what you can 't see . ( Dominic ) Yeah , you got a point there , kid . A very definite point . But I would Iike to leave these premises at the first opportunity . Good luck . These creeps , whoever they are , seriously want you to stay here , correct ? Correct . So there 's no way they 're gonna let you just pack up and fly out . You know what I mean ? Yeah , I know what you mean . [ chuckling ] Dominic ? Huh ? Do you think these guys are gonna kill us ? What ? Are you kidding ? No . Is this your folks ? Mom died when I was , Iike , five . Dad was off at sea . A sailor . He 'd been gone ever since before I was born . So they put me in a foster home . Last year , I started looking for him . Running away . This is the dress that I 'm going to wear when I meet him . He 'II be coming off the ship , walking down the gangplank . I 'II be waiting for him at the dock . He 'II recognize me right away because I Iook a Iot like my mom . Hey , you know , it 'II ... [ chuckling ] Oh , yeah . Dominic ? Yeah , Phoebe ? Why is all this happening ? well , it--it all has to do with a friend of mine named Hawke a-and that helicopter you saw . Y-you got a few minutes for a story ? well , I--I knew this guy , Hawke 's old man , you see , in world War II . And , uh ... well , we were friends ... [ wheel grinding ] [ cIanging ] We got company . [ chickens clucking ] [ guns clicking ] Do me a favor . Next time that super-hearing of yours clues you in , don 't say anything . Just let me be surprised . ( Hawke ) Yeah , if there is a next time . [ goat bleating ] Buenas noches . [ clears throat ] [ both speaking Spanish ] please , please stop . Both of you . Never speak Spanish to me again . Your Spanish is horrible . Yours is not as bad , but let us stick to english , since along with dollars it 's the closest we have to anything in common . dollars ? That 's what the man said . My name is Joachim Esteban Santos . This is my sister , Miriam . My compadres . We are miners , we , uh , gather salt out there in the flats . Our funds are very low , to say the least . And you are using our facilities . You frightened our burros , our wives , and our children . The few chickens that we have will probably never lay another egg , thanks to the arrival of that thing out there on our front street . well , Seorita , the next time I land here , I 'II try and be a little more gentle . You think that you and your compadres might be able to help us repair that thing out there that 's responsible for the destruction of your peace and the , uh ... the elimination of eggs from your sister 's diet ? You are too close to the truth to be truly funny , sir . But I Iike your sense of humor . We will help . But first ... Of course . dollars . ( Hawke ) dollars . We could take all your gold , you know . That 's impossible . especially among two men that , uh , share the same sense of humor . [ laughing ] [ speaking Spanish ] [ speaking Spanish ] We get very little intellectual stimulation up here in these hills . But there is something else we could do for you , seor . possible , no ? Si . Es posibiIe . ( Hawke ) How long till dawn ? Uh , one hour and 18 minutes . Not very much time . Oh , but now you 've got us to help you . tell us what we can do for you . Why do you live out here ? Huh ? Why do you live out here ? Hey , why not ? It is a nice enough place . We got our work here . Our wives to love . Our children to laugh . Do you have something like that ? [ cIanging ] You are a lonely man . Oh , it 's- - it 's your business . But my sister , she obviously thinks you are attractive . We become friends , huh ? When we finish here , w-why don 't you stay a while ? You get right to the point , don 't you ? Hey , life is too short not to , my friend . Did I embarrass you ? No . Your sister is very nice . Ah , She 's a pain in the burro , but she is my sister . She is very nice , she is . Who ? [ speaking Spanish ] What ? His sister . Oh . Oh , yes , very nice . Is that ready yet ? Yeah , just about . You know , we really appreciate your helping us . I keep warm . What ? Trying to keep warm . Oh , yes , I--I see . I doubt it . O-oh , well , then enlighten me . W-why are you helping us ? well , uh ... probably out of the goodness of his heart . ( Santos ) Hey , don 't forget the gold . Yeah , don 't forget the gold . [ laughing ] He flies , but what do you do ? I pay . And pray . He does have a sense of humor after all . [ laughing ] [ beeping ] [ engine starting ] [ men chattering in Spanish ] [ birds chirping ] So much for engine repairs . How 's it look ? I bought it . And I 'd Iike to know whether it 's fixed or- - It 's fixed , It 's fixed . I think . We 're gonna have to start it first shot , though . Those guys out there are going to turn us into Swiss cheese . No " us , " kid . It 's me that 's taking this bird up if Hawke comes back . Nothing 's gonna get riddled if you just do what I said . This is Bruck . You got anything ? Nothing , Mr. Bruck . Okay , Richards , keep your eyes open . ( Richards ) Yes , sir . He 'II come . We 're leaving a hell of a dust cloud . They 've got radar . Means we got to stay low . What about the little girl we saw ? I figure her only chance is with us anyway . [ helicopter engine droning ] [ laughing ] [ birds cawing ] [ explosion sounding ] He 's coming in with everything he 's got ! [ helicopter engines roaring ] [ gun firing ] Now , kid ! Now ! Behind us . They 're coming the other way . Yee-haw ! He 's up . Dom 's got her up . Yeah , looks like we got other company , too . ( archangel ) missiles on their way . Tracking . Heat-seeking missiles . Four , no , six . Disperse DefIector-pod 6 . ( Hawke ) We got hit , we 're going down . Two hits . Purge the cockpit , go on internal oxygen . [ coughing ] It won 't purge . [ ArchangeI continues coughing ] [ coughing ] [ screaming ] [ Arias moaning ] [ helicopter engines roaring ] You okay ? ( Hawke ) Yeah . Think you can fly that wreck to the nearest field ? You want to race ? only if you give me a head start . ( Dominic ) Done . ( Hawke ) Hey , Dom . Isn 't she a little young for you ? [ Dominic laughing ] [ helicopter approaching ] It 's him ! Yeah ? [ door closing ] Phoebe ? Phoebe ? What 's wrong ? I 'm scared . Scared ? Of what ? Of him . What if he doesn 't like me ? Oh . I liked you , didn 't I ? Not at first . Oh , sure I did . I was just shook up a little , that 's all . Sure . Sure . Look , I want to tell you something . I 'II bet that he 's more afraid of meeting you than you are of meeting him . Why would he be afraid of meeting me ? The same reason you have , he doesn 't know if you 're gonna like him . Thanks , Dominic . " Thanks , Dominic " ? Does she know what it cost the Firm to track him down ? No , but I 've got a feeling I 'm going to find out . You 're damn right you are . Laura ? well , we started with a computer search of all Merchant Marine records over the past 15 years . Uh , computer time alone was over $ 50,000 ...
