 This is what I call a poker face . Now let me concentrate . Right . Now , let 's try again , shall we , you hexadecimal half-wit ? Righto , Mary . Mr Lister ! ( RED DWARF THEME SONG ) So that thing 's spewing time back into the universe ? Precisely . So what is it ? I 've lost my polymorph . It 's on the loose . It 's on the loose ! Come into the geek 's room . Never isn 't in Ace Rimmer 's vocabulary . Neither 's can 't , won 't or impotence . First ... First . Second . First ... ( MOBILE PHONE RINGING ) Hello . What the hell ? First , let me thank everyone who sent in a film because we 've been inundated with literally several entries , and I have to say the standard has staggered us . In fact , days later , people are still staggering . There have emerged two entries of true genuine distinction and , as a consequence , we 've invented two categories so both can win awards . The first category is the best dramatic reconstruction of our attempts to get funding for the Red Dwarf movie . And the second category is best Red Dwarf film featuring a genetic mutant played by male human body parts . ( CROWD CHEERING ) So , without further ado , here 's the first award . And the winner is ... Best documentary THE MOVIE : YEAH , NO , YEAH , NO by lan Symes . NARRATOR : This is Grant Naylor productions , home of the popular science fiction comedy Red Dwarf . The man in charge is Doug Naylor , ably assisted by general manager Helen Norman , and general right-hand man Andrew Ellard . Damn spacehog ! NARRATOR : And , of course , Mr Flibble . Well , I joined the company a few years ago now . It was only a couple of weeks before I was issued with this complete beard . I know I get a lot of criticism for it , but having a uniform beard just helps with the general atmosphere of togetherness . Helen 's still furious about it , of course . Well , it 's ridiculous . I mean , how is anyone in the industry meant to take us seriously when we 're all strutting around with matching bloody beards ? Of course , what she 's really upset about is having to cut her original beard down to the regulation length . She didn 't like that at all . I 've written this movie version of Red Dwarf and I 'm trying to get it funded . NARRATOR : Most of the executives wanted to see big names in the movie . Well , we just love the script . - Yeah , it 's amazing . - Really fantastic . Totally ! I haven 't read it yet , but I love it . Any ideas for casting ? Yeah , no . I want to keep the original British cast . No , no , no . We need some heavy names in there . How about Hugh Grant for Lister ? What other limeys can we get ? Anthony Head for " Rye-mer " ? Patrick Stewart for Holly . - John Hurt . - Tim Roth . - Ewan McGregor . - Alan Rickman . Jane Leeves . Actually , forget about the limeys . How about Arnie for Lister ? I like it , I like it . De Niro for Rimmer . - J-Lo for Kochanski . - Snoop Dogg for Cat . Might have a bit of a problem with the name there . Actually , I do have a few issues with the title . What about the title ? Well , we just feel it 's not ... It 's not politically correct . We really don 't want to upset the dwarves . They are a big business here in Hollywood . Christ knows how Disney got away with it . - I 've got it . Red Vertically Challenged Person . - Yeah . You 're serious , aren 't you ? No , I 'm not really sure about that one . - I don 't think the kids will really go for it . - Yeah , kids are the future . Yeah , we need something edgy . Something with zing . I got it . Dead Guys in Space . Dude , Where 's My Spaceship ? Like Star Trek : Only funny . Smegging hell ! It 's a Spaceship . Spaceballs . You know , I think we 're making real progress here . I 'll order some coffee . Anyone want any toast ? Hello , Grant Naylor Productions . NARRATOR : Just when all seemed lost , the office received a call from an Australian investor . Yes , one moment , please . Doug , it 's for you . It 's an investor . Doug Naylor . How much ? $ 60 million . I mean , do you want it all or would something less be okay ? Well , yeah , no . We could probably make a great film for around 20 million , but , you know ... Maybe 60 million could be the way to go . Yeah , no , 60 million is definitely the way to go . No problem . I 'm a big Dwarf fan anyway so I 'm happy to help out . - When do you want to meet ? - How about tomorrow ? Great . One thing , though . Could you pay my airfare ? Erm , yeah , okay . Great , great . Also , could I stay at your place ? Erm , wouldn 't a hotel be a bit more ... No , I 'm afraid I don 't have that kind of money , I 'm afraid . Erm ... Right . By the way , did I mention I 'm the Duke of Manchester ? Very funny , guys . Thanks a bunch . Thanks a smegging bunch-a-rooney . If Napoleon Bonaparte calls , put him through to my mobile . Hold on , Doug . I 've just looked on the internet and there is a Duke of Manchester . His family moved to Melbourne at the turn of the 20th century . Quick , 1471 . Your Dukeness , sorry about that . There must have been a problem with the phones . Yeah , it is a bad line . Just wondering about this money of yours . Do you have any proof of it ? I 'm sorry to ask . It 's just British law and all that . Yeah . A bank statement . Yeah . Just fax it through to us . Yeah . You 've got the number . Great . Cheers . Ah , smug-mode . A fax is coming through . - It says he 's got $ 100 million . - Yes ! Boys from the Dwarf . Oh , hang on . Some of the figures don 't add up . The balance starts off at $ 18.67 and then there 's a transaction to the Big Boys In Boots subscription department for $ 15 . And the final figure is $ 100 million . Oh . And the final figure is written in biro . Ah . Funding doesn 't exist here anymore ? Actually , to be more precise , Andrew , the funding hasn 't ever have existed here anymore . Although , this is hardly the time to be conjugating verbs in the past participle never tense . - What are we gonna do ? - I say let 's get out there and twat it ! Doug , you 're ill . Just relax and leave this to us . Shut up , Andrew . Duke , you 're a cancerous polyp on the anus of society . $ 100 million ? Do you think I was born yesterday ? Doug , I can assure you , I 've got the money . There was just a problem with the statement . I had to change it a bit . Tell you what , I 've got Kylie Minogue here in my house . I 'll go get her , she can vouch for me . He 's apparently gonna get Kylie on the phone . Do you think she 'd sign my copy of I Should Be So Lucky ? Hello , Doug . I 'm Kylie Minogue and I 'm at the Duke 's house and I have to say he 's a really great guy . And he 's definitely got the money . It 's just resting in a different account . And I 'm definitely Kylie . I 'm wiggling my arse as I say this . Yeah . No , Andrew , I don 't think she will . ( MOBILE PHONE RINGING ) Doug Naylor . Ah , Napoleon Bonaparte . Of course . NARRATOR : A strange incident . But GNP had to deal with a number of weird and wonderful individuals . ( SPEAKING NATIVE LANGUAGE ) He say he like it , but he has some issues with the casting . ( SPEAKING NATIVE LANGUAGE ) ... Steve Coogan ... Rimmer . Actually , you know what ? I 've got other people to see . We 've really been round the houses just to get here , but we 've not lost faith . I mean , you know , I can 't see us still being here in 50 years still trying to get funding . Hello , Grant Naylor Productions . Really ? That 's wonderful news . I 'm so happy . - Helen ! - Is she ok ? She 's dead , Andrew . Flibble ? Dead . It 's about the movie ! There may be a ... Doug ? Doug ? There may be a what ? A way to fund the movie ? Is that what you were going to say ? Speak , Doug . How can we change what 's happening ? ( RED DWARF THEME SONG ) And winner of the best ... Red Dwarf film featuring human male body part is Red Dwarf : Attack of the ... I 'll leave the last bit out or it will give the joke away . By James Hickey . Curry , curry , hey ? Officer , officer , officer . Well , sirs , hmm ... Waah ! Hey ! ( ROARING ) ( ROARING ) Curry , curry , curry ... What 's happening , dudes ? ( ROARING ) ( CRASHING ) ( ROARING ) ( ROARING ) ( RED DWARF THEME SONG )
