 Well ... Let me tell you in two sentences my main concern . Yes , of course . My main concern is the concern of the company and the prestige of Cannon . Cannon has announced for a year-and-a-half , approximately , the Jean-Luc Godard movie , King Lear . People do not believe that the movie will ever be done . We 're losing confidence . We are losing our name . It 's bad for us because every now and again , a clever interviewer , or who thinks he 's clever , comes to me and says : " You made a big noise once you signed with Godard " , etc . , etc . And I protest : " We are shooting " . Anyway , it 's hanging us and I must insist that movie , as promised , which was already postponed so many times will reach the Cannes Festiva . This is my main concern . - Okay , Jean-Luc , why don 't you respond to that ? - Action ! Mailer . Oh , yes . That is a good way to begin . The contract dated the sixteenth of April , 1986 . It was between Norman Mai er and JLG Films . It said : " Norman Mai er and certain members of his family , including Kate Mailer , as may be required and available , could provide generous services , including services as actors . But words are reck ess . Words are one thing , and reality , gentle reality , is another thing . Would you like a drink ? And between them is nothing . You know , I 'm all keyed up . I want to go back to America . Why don 't we change our p ane reservations for tomorrow . Dad ! Dad ! Don Kenny , Don Gloustro , Don Learo ! - Learo . - Learo . Why are you so interested in the mafia ! I think the mafia is the only way to King Lear . Corde ia . Mailer . Oh , that 's a good way . That 's a good way to begin . To begin the thought I said : " Let 's go " . The greater writer said : " Why don 't you say action ? " So I did . Then I said : " Kate enters your room and kisses you , when she hears you finished the play . Not " your " play , " the " play . The great writer said : " Why don 't I kiss her instead of her kissing me " ? I said okay again . And now began a ceremony of star behaviours : " Why do I have to put my jacket on " ? " Do I have to drink orange juice " ? And again : " Why does she have to take my hand instead of me taking her " ? And anyway , this picture , what 's the he ? - Would you like a drink ? - Yeah . You know , I 'm all keyed up . I think I 'd like to go back to the States . Why don 't we grab a plane and get out of here ? It was not Lear with three daughters . It was Kate with three fathers . Mai er as a star , Mailer as her father , and me as a director . Too much indeed , Dad ? For this young ady from Provincetown . After the fifth take of the first shot , the great writer eft the set . They took off for America , they said . He and his daughter first class . Daughter 's boyfriend , economy . - Don Glouster ? - Don Gloustro . Don Gloustro . Why are you so interested in the mafia ? Anyway , I was fryed . I kept on thinking about the relation of heart and fire . Corde ia ! He lo everybody . Good evening , folks . But why did they pick me ? Twenty years later I still wonder . Why not some other gentleman ? From Moscow or Beverly Hills ? Why don 't they just order some goblin to shoot this twisted fairy tale ? - Marce . - No ! - Yes ! A picture . So high , you could put it in a cell and condemn it to solitary confinement forever and condemn it to solitary confinement forever without it being a ... Ingrid ! Yes , of course . Be sure you have exhausted everything . Which is to communicate by mobility and silence . No , Francoise , no . I 'm not sure . If an image , looked at separately , expresses something clear y , take courage with it , show an interpretation . It will not transform itse f in context with other images . There are other images who have no power over it . And it wil have no power over the other images . No action . No reaction . Leopardo , yes ! Yes , the night has come . - Fritz , yes , of course . - Another world awakens . - Of course . - Hard , cynical and a phabetical , amnesic , twisted without reason . Spread flat as each perspective has been abolished . I life 's strangest thing , the iving dead of this wor d are constructing this world . - Joseph , yes ! - The fire and the sensations are from before . The vanishing point has been erased . Again , Jacque , again . I 'm alone , the world seems to say . Caught for having a necessity you can not change . If I 'm only what I am , I 'm indestructible . Being what I am , and without reserve , my so itude knows yours . I will repeat the pattern of o d warriors . I will say nothing . Am I in France ? In your own kingdom , sir . - And now , you desert your kingdom . - Do not dessert me . Looking again at Luchino 's picture , from the time when he was young and first assistant to Renoir , and noticing the difference between that and the old man that he became with time , I suddenly discovered why his artistic father , Jean , a so becoming o d , was so keen on young girls . Like his father , August . Father , Father . Dorei , do not haunt me . And then ooking again at Sages . Sti I editing on his death-bed . I remember what Plogi told me years later about editing . I fear I 'm not in my perfect mind . - Physically ... - When the rain came to wet me . - In both hands . - And the wind make me chapped ... - The future ... - When the vendor would not do my bidding . - And the past . There I found him . There I smelt him out . Gotou , they are not men of their words . - Betwixt my eye and ... - They to d me I was everything . - Each doth do violence to the others . - It 's a lie . - I am not . - And not mine eye is famished for a look or heart in love 's picture then my eye doth feast with my love 's picture then my eye doth feast and to the painted banquet bids my heart . Come not between the dragon and his wrath . I oved her most and fought to se my rest on her kind nursery . Hence , and avoid my sight . So be my grave , my peace as here I give her father 's heart from her . Peace . Mr. Shakespeare . Come not between the dragon and his wrath . I oved her most and fought to set my rest on her kind nursery . Hence ! And avoid her look . So be my grave , my peace . No nudity . No , no ! I 'm on duty now for the cultural division at Cannon and they definite y don 't accept nudity . And then suddenly it was the time of Chernobyl and everything disappeared . Everything . And then after awhile everything came back : Electricity , houses , cars . Everything except culture and me . I was one of the few survivors in that fie d , as an individua . At the corporate level , there was the Cannon cultural division . So , by special arrangement with them , and the Royal Library of her majesty the Queen , I was engaged . My task : To recapture what have been lost , starting with the works of my famous ancestor . And so it happened that on my way back from Denmark , where I rediscovered " To be or not to be " , I stopped here , in a itt e city of Nyon , between Italy and Germany , between the woods and the water , where I would try to ocate another survivor , where I would try to ocate another survivor , who , according to local egend , specialized in visual media . His name ? I can 't remember . I 'd been told that his research had been moving in para el lines to my own . By the way , my name is William Shakespeare , Junior , the Fifth . What is this ? It 's the best part of the fish . Give me the map , then , now meantime we shal express our darker purpose . Yes , father . Know that I have divided in three my empire . Twis my fast intent to shake all cares of business from my age , conferring them on younger strength while I unburden and craw towards death . Are you istening ? Now , my joy , al my ast enrich ... Speak ! What sha Cordelia speak ? Love and be si ent . - What country is that over there ? - This is the Kingdom of France . - Take off . - Yes , Mister Learo . Now , you know , Bugsy Seigal and Lansky , that 's Meyer Lansky , they was always fighting , and the point was that Bugsy , that Bugsy was the rea killer . Not ike this Richard Nixon , you know . - How many people did he ki I ? - How many ? Eight or ten , that I know of . - With his own hands ? - Yes , mostly . Sometimes he got some friends to help him to get rid of . But this Meyer Lansky , the little guy , he was a philosopher , you know . And two days in Vegas , this was two days before Bugsy was murdered , this Lansky said to him , I got his words in his own writing here . I want you to hear this . He says ... This is Lansky , to Bugsy : " Studying human nature I came to the conclusion people prefer to be rightous at home and a sinner somewhere e se " . Own hand-writing . " As for myself I ... " " As for myself I stick to the saying : When you lose your money , you lose nothing , when you lose your character you lose everything " . Well , think about that , my beloved . What do you think about that ? Answer me . I don 't have my heart in my mouth . You mend your speech a little . - You may mar your dollars . - As you wish . Love 's abors lost . As you wish . As you wish , as you wish . As you witch , as you witch . As you watch , as you watch , as you watch ! Witchcraft . As you ... As you like it ! That 's it . That 's it . As you ike it . Thank you , miss . Thank you , my lady . Sure . I shall never marry like my sisters . To love my father all . But goes thy art with this . Aye , my good lord . So young and so untender . So young my lord , and true . You just saved my life . Are you trying to make a play for my girl ? No , sir . Please . A low me to introduce myse f . Get your hands off me . There 's a play we 're trying to make anytime , sir . A p ay , sir . Characters . Come not in there , Nuncle . Here 's the spirit . He p me . - Give me thy hand , who 's there ? - A spirit . He lo ? Hello ? He lo ? Where is everybody ? Where are we ? - The name is Goodwater . - Goodwater ? That 's a nice name . What city is this ? When the French where here , they called it Les Oranges . But before that , when the Spanish was here , they cal ed it Los Angeles . Who was she ? I needed to know . I decided to forget of the " To be or not to be " business for awhi e . Something was going on between this old man and this young girl . I decided to concentrate on their story . So I was trying to ocate this Pluggy . I was wa king in the woods near the lake . The p ace was named Oban which means " good water " . This information was given me by a young man , poorly dressed , named Edgar , accompanied by his girlfriend Virginia , except that she wasrt there . They seemed to be ooking for something . What were they ooking for , I asked them . The boy and the girl didn 't know . The girl wasrt even there . Only the professor knows , but he hates the outdoor and natural light . Pluggy , I asked . " Yes , he 's stayed inside his editing room now for twenty years " . Editing . That sounded familiar . What 's that , I asked . But the girl and the boy couldn 't remember either . And the girls sti I wasrt there . I tried to make an appointment but they disappeared . Now , even if Lansky and I arw as awesomw as we are reputed to be , we are now scarcely more than , than ... More than isolated men . Lonely isolated men on the criminal landscape of America . - Now ... - Do you wanna check , father ? - Yes . I want to check . Lansky organized crime 's ancient hope of getting casino gamb ing ... Wait a minute . Take your time . What 's you hurry ? What 's your hurry ? - By the late sixties the whole country was Las Vegasized . - Right . Entertainment conglomerates like MGM own the largest building in Vegas . Ah , yes . Bugsy Seigal 's Flamingo is now the Las Vegas Hilton . Move slow , slow . Bally , Playboy , Holiday Inn have rushed into Atlantic City . - The new Eldorado on the sea . - Yes . On the sea . And New York City is not far behind . A I of there vice and leisure centres are linked together to my Learo Jet Company . Ah , my ! A I of America is now embracing ... All of America is now embracing our vision , and Bugsy Segal 's death was not ... Whoa ! Not death . His martyrdom . - And Bugsy Segal 's martyrdom is not in vain . - Right . The question universally asked is how much influence ... No ! No ! How much power . Put power down . A I right ? Power . The question universally asked is how muck power Meyer Lansky and I exercised over these ... The art of our necessities is strange , we can make vi e thins precioius . Even if the worst arrives ... When the mind is free , the body 's delicate . ... And in the end the system swallows up the gangsters and his gigantic mob , eaving behind ... See what breeds about her heart . Is there any cause in nature that make these hard hearts ? ... Then isolated men on the criminal landscape of America . I bear the mark of Cain , and ... I bear the mark of Cain , and ... Make no noise , make no noise . Draw the curtain , so ... So ... they 'll go to supper in the morning . Sir , in my heart , there is a kind of fighting that will not let me sleep . Children ... Children ... You begot me , bred me , loved me . And I return thus duties as I right fit . Love you , obey you and most honour you . There is two te ex , Mr. Learo . Your sisters . Sir , I love you more than word can weild the matter . Dearer than easysight , space ... Space and liberty . Beyond what can be valued , rich or rare , no ess than life . In grace , heath , beauty , honour , as much as chi d err loved , or father found . Love that makes breath poor and speech unable , beyond all manner of so much I ove you . Is that Gloria ? It was our e dest , yes . And Regina ? The art of our necessities is strange that can make vile things precious . " I am made of that self-metal as my sister and prize me at her won 'th . In my true heart , I find she names my very dear thoughts " . When the mind is free , the body 's a target . " And find I 'm alone " . Make no noise . Make no noise . Draw the curtains . So . So . We 'll go to supper in the morning . I find I 'm alone , falicitate , in your dear highness love . Then poor Cordelia . And yet , not so , since I 'm sure my love 's more ponderous than my tongue . Tell me my daughters . Since now we will divest us both of power and business which of you shall we say , deservest most ? Now my joy to who 's young love ... See what breeds about her heart . Is there any cause in nature that makes these hard hearts ? Speak to me . - Nothing . - Nothing ? No thing . Let me have surgeons . I am cut to the brains . I 've never seen anything as stupid as these goblins . They 're showing up too soon or too late . You never rea ly know what they 're up to . Then again , I suppose they don 't either . They can 't help it : These gentle and powerfu beings . The secret agents of human memory . They blow it every time . And my love . Where is that cheap lady ? I do be ieve her . No , I know . She ies . Does any here know me ? This is not real . Does Lear walk thus ? Speak thus ? Where are his eyes ? Either his notion weakens or his discernings are lethargied . Waking ! Waking . " Tis not so " . Who is it that can tell me who I am . Lear 's shadow . Have more than thou showest . Have more than thou showest . Speak less than thou knowest . Len less than thou owest . Ride more thou goest . - Hello ? Excuse me , Mr Learo ? - Learn more than thou trowest . Have more than thou showest . Speak less than thou knowest . Lend less than thou owest . Ride more than thou goest . Learn more than thou trowest . Whereforeare you not odd . I 'm old . What are you writing for ? I 'm trying to recover the work of my ancestor . I understand you 've been working on this problem here , doctor ? Well , nobody writes . So writing stil exists . The trouble of what we 're looking for . It doesn 't make sense . Nobody does it . Just what are you aiming at , Professor ? When the professor farts , the moonbeams are trembling . No , no . Don 't pretend to be a fool . Light it ! It 's been invented . Fools have bear crazyness in years for wise men have grown foppish . And know not how their wits to wear are their manners so apish . How is it that you 're always disobeying , Edgar ? Oh what ? No , professor . No , no . Children . Ah , children . What is their need for learning ? They don 't hear no thing . Yes we do , professor . Eh , e , a , r , enya . What 's that ? Cry you mercy . I took you for a trade-schoo . Yes , it is a bet . Each one of us when one does anything , one is a ways disobedient in some way to something . Or obedient to something . Yes , and watch Mrs. Bersano . But disobedient is more interesting . Really , you never study , Mr. Shakespeare ? Number five . I 'm in her Majesty 's service and I obey my orders and my orders are to bring the work of my ancestor to life , but I can 't stop til the story 's over . Yeah , what 's this all say ? Litt e bitty laughs . They 've all disobeyed goodness , death . Know thou art an " O " , Well , thou art an " O " without a finger . I am better than thou art now . I 'm a full . Thou art nothing . Yes , Versus , I will hold my tongue . So your face bids me though you say nothing . Mum , mum . It is born and it is burnt . It begins from the thing it ends . At the same time . Birth and death , linked , like mouth and breath . The answer to your question is there . What we are looking for is like that fire . It is born from what it destroys . Then what it it ? Tell me the name . I ain 't interested in names . Why is that ? Look ! No names , no lines . No lines , no story . To name things makes the professor pee . Who are they ? To need a name to exist . Do I need a name to see live beauty . I don 't agree . Do you need to say red to see red ? Do I need to say lips to say ... I ove you . I disagree . With no word , then come the mistake . - I need the memory . - But between us into vanity . - I need the memory . - But between us into vanity . How can I possibly reach words with no words ? First , the tragedy of choice . And then second , the comedy of errors . Suppose we made a mistake at the very very beginning , and we called red green . How would we know today ? Betwixt mine eye and heart a league is took . A tension twisted in memory ... to show you what it 's like . Yes , tell me , professor . - Show . - Show . - Show , that 's what . Show must go on . A vio ent silence . The si ence of Cordelia . To the question of a king , her father , her answer was : Nothing . No thing . But Cordelia is not mute . It is not that she hasn 't say anything . She has said : " Nothing . No thing " . This girl silence , which is not mute , does not ead to violence . But everything that conspires and organizes itself around her si ence that want to si ence her si ence . This produces vio ence . Let me not be mad . Not mad , sweet heaven . Keep me in temper . I would not be mad . You must bear with me . I 'm old and foolish . Let me not be mad . Not mad , sweet heaven . I don 't know if I made this clear before , but this was after Chernobyl . We are in a time now when movies , and more generally art , have been lost . Do not exist , and most somehow be reinvented . Thanks to the o d man and his daughter , I had some of the lines . Her answer was : " Nothing . No thing " . It does not mean anything . She has said : " Nothing . No thing " . I don 't know if I made this c ear before but this was after Chernobyl . We are in a time where movies and more general y art has been ost , do not exist . And it has to be somehow reinvented . Thanks to the o d man and his daughter , I have some lines and I was told this man Pluggy and , I stil don 't know what to ca them , they had to go together with the lines . Somehow I fe t they needed to go together , that 's why ... Do not abuse me . I meant to please you Highness all . You must bear with me . I am old an foolish . You must bear with me . I am old an foolish . Thou shouldst not have been old 'ti I thou hadst been wise . Oh ... Let me not be mad , not mad , sweet heaven ! Yes , tell me professor . - So . - So ! - So ! Show . Not tell . There 's a lot of noise around here , huh ? What 's it for ? What 's it all for , professor ! Please ! Welcome , my dear Mr. Shakespeare . Welcome . What is al that ? - Snakes . - Mister , brother a mystery . - Number five . And you , my dear Mr. Shakespeare . You see , a I those reckless words for the simp e things on earth . It 's only ife and how it works . Thank you indeed for this definition of ife . Oh , not life . On y an image . An image ? What 's that again ? The image is a pure creation of the soul . It can not be born of a comparison , but of a reconci iation of two realities that tell more as far apart . The more the connection between these two realities are distanced , too , the stronger they get to be , the more they emote the power . Two realities that have no connection , can not be drawn together useful y . There is no creation of an image . Two contrary realities wi not come together . They oppose each other . One rarely obtains forces and power from either position . So out went the cand e and we were left darkened . So out went the cand e and we were left darkened . An image is not strong because it is bril iant or fantastic because it is the sensation of ideas is distant and true . The result that is obtained immediate y controls the thus of the cessation . A narration is the major mark of creation . It teaches the symbols of connections . The power and virtue of the created image depends on the nature of these connections . What is great is not the image but the emotions that it provokes . If the latter is great , one obtains the image at its measure . The emotion thus provoked is true because it is born outside of all imitation . A I evocation . And al resemb ance . I 'll go and see . I 'I ask Virginia . Ready to go ? - May I bring some friend ? - The old man and the young lady ? - How do you know ? - Never know , always see . Never know , always see . - Anyway , what 's her name ? - Cordelia . That 's her real name or you just invented it ? - Well ... - You 're the sparkler , my friend . You 're the sparkler . When you and Edgar did just now its glow was dirty yellow . If it 's gleaming white in her hand , then her virtue is true . And her name is Cordelia . A vio ent silence . The si ence of Cordelia . To the question of a king , a gangster , her father , her answer is : Nothing . He demands the essentia . How is he oved ? Desired ? From where is he loved ? He has power . He is king . He wants to be wanted . Who wants him ? Nothing . Not will , not intelligence , no sex but all the same , a body , a little bit of flesh . Because for Learo , to hear is to see . A man may see how this world goes with no eyes . Look with thin ears . This is what he tries to do , the king who calls himself L 'ear : E A R. In listening to his daughter , he hopes to see their entire bodies stretched out across their voices . What he wants is not what he desires . What he wants is to forget this desire that he can not stand . The nothing of Cordelia . So that he can silence the si ence , he listens as though he were watching te evision . But Cordelia . What she shows in speaking is not " nothing " , but her very presence , her exactitude . Take off . Get out . So what do you think will happen now ? - You will not have that for me . - No , no . Come . Let 's away to prison . We two alone will sing ... Take me out of the grave . ... ike birds in the cage . And when thus dost ask my b essing , I 'll knell down ... On a wheel of fire . ... And ask of thee forgiveness . So we 'll live and pray and sin and tell old ta es ... They are not men of their words . ... and laugh at gilded butterflies and here poor rogues talk of court news . We 'll ta k with them too . Who loses and who wins who then who 's out . And take upon us the mystery of things . As if we were God 's spies . And we ' I wear out in a walled prison parts and sex of great ones who ebbed and flowed by the moon . People forget that you hear your own voice not with your ears but with your throat . I 've reinvented the lines , I 've reinvented the plot . Now it 's up to the characters . Or are they actors . Which is the Doctor Jeckyl and which is Mr. Hyde ? All I know is that I can 't contro either . Maybe they 're controlling me . Obviously this old man was power . Obviously this girl was virtue . They are fighting . I don 't know what the issue is . Do you have any cigarettes ? Pall Ma , Malboro , Lucky Strike , Came , Philip Morris ... - You don 't have Kent fi ters ? - I 'm sorry no . Quiet Virginia . This is a family residence . Nature 's above art in that respect . Good light form the north or from the south ? Pall Ma , Lucky Strike , Camel , Phi ip Morris , Malboro . That 's fine Virginia . - What paper did you say you were from ? - From New York Times . Why that ? Oh , that . Wel , you see I 'll tell you , miss . Yeah , yeah . Where the chairs are placed here they are a I facing the same space and direction . And the voices going over that space it 's projected all over . You know , in a simple living room in an apartment , when someone is speaking , all the peop e are listening around the walled space . Not here , miss . Not here . This is our invention . A I the people are facing the same direction , same ... Same space . Even suppose it is dark , people wil know where to ook at . In a simple apartment if it 's in the dark , people are lost . They don 't know what to ook at . Here they know . Okay , but why that ? That , my dear , it wi I kil you . - You mean the truth ? - Yes , if it 's properly centered . Professor Qentef has arrived . He lo , my dear Sa ow . You may excuse the battle , I need your car . This is professor Quentef , she is the Arkansas Dai y . No , from the New York Times . You come a I the way from Lenningrad ? What 's the name of your invention , Mr. Quentef ? Image , that 's a great word . They are not men of their word . They to d me I was everything . 'Tis a ie . I am not . Let 's hope that we don 't make any mistakes , Mr. Shakespeare . - Number five . - What do you mean ? With al those damned and reckless words , one never knows . I don 't get it . Suppose , my dear , we call it " image " and that the real word is reality . Then change it . No , no . It 's right . Must come from the back . From the back . We got the wind . Nature 's above art in that respect . It 's too narrow . Needs a push of reality out . Anyway , we have to stop the experiment . No , why that ? Something is missing or someone . I 'm there . No , you have boggled the experiment like all of us , we are all part of it . Even if we have not found it , whatever you ca I it , rea ity or image , we fought for it . And by god , we are no longer innocent . Professor , there are two people here . Peace , Mr. Shakespeare . Come not between the dragon and his wrath . I oved her most and thought to find my rest in her kind nursery . Hence . And avoid my sight . So be my grave , my peace . I went one ast time to visit this mysterious young woman . She was asleep . Or maybe sleeping , or just pretending . There were so many questions sti I unanswered . The o d man , facing the screen , had not dared pronounce the words : " As here I give her father 's heart for ... " I 've a message from your father . I didn 't quite understand them myse f when I wrote them , I didn 't quite understand them myse f when I wrote them , but I can 't afford to lose them . Come , let 's away to prison . As here I give her father 's heart from her . We two alone will sing ike birds in a cage . The doctor use the word prison ast night . Remember ? You where there . Oh maybe I wasrt there myself . What do you think will happen now ? Before seven years have passed , the Americans wi I lose everything they have in France , in a great victory which God is sending to the French . I say this now so when the time has come it will be remembered that I 've said it . In what year , on what day ? You will not have that from me . How can you know whether your apparitions are male or female ? I see and I hear . - Do they have hair ? - That could be . Their hair is it ong and hanging ? I don 't even know if there are arms and a body . How do they speak if they don 't have bodies ? These apparitions . Have they promised to deliver you from prison ? - Yes . - From the prison that you are in at this moment ? I told you that you cannot know a I. It must come to pass that one day I will be delivered . Thos that wish to take me from this world could well have to eave it before me . Your voices have always promised that you would be delivered . Your voices have deceived you . Yes , they have deceived me . You write what is against me . You do not write for me . Kingdom of France . Ninety-nine percent of the play had now been rediscovered . Maybe even a hundred and one . I came to thank Professor Pluggy . I guess the first be s of Easter were ringing . Mr. Alien . Mr. Alien . Yes , they were Easter bells . The images were there as knew . Innocent . Shy . Strong . Now I understand the Pluggy sacrifice was not in vain . Now I understand through his work St. Pauls ' words Now I understand through his work St. Pauls ' words that the image will appear in the time of resurrection . Stop ! Unappy that I am , I cannot heave my heart into my mouth . Unappy that I am , I cannot heave my heart into my mouth . The images were there as new . Innocent , shy , and strong . The images were there as new . Innocent , shy , and strong . I might have saved her but now she 's gone forever . Corde ia ! Corde ia ! Stay a itt e . What is thou sayest ? Her voice was ever soft and gentle and low , and excellent thing in women . Tis true , my lord . Did I not , fella , I 've seen the day with my good biting falcon ! I would have made them skip ! I 'm old now , and these same crosses spoil me . Who are you ? Mine eyes not at the best , I tell you straight . Your fortune brag of two she loved and hated . One of them we behold . This is a blow , son . - Are you not Edgar ? - Yes , sir . I must be bad , no not mad . Give me the temper . I would not be mad . And in me too , the wave rises , it swells , it arches its back . I am aware once more of a new desire . Something rises beneath me like the proud horse whose rider first spurs and then pulls him back . What enemy do we now perceive advancing against us ? You , whom I ride now . As we stand pawing this stretch of pavement . It is death against whom I ride . With my spear couched and my hair lying back ike a young mars . Like Hercable 's when he ga loped in India . I strike spurs into my horse . Against you I will fling myself unvanquished and unyie ding . Oh , death . She 's gone forever . I know when one is dead and when one lives . She 's dead as earth then me a ooking g ass . If that her breath or mist would stain the stone . - Edgar ! - Why then she lives ? It 's a pity there is not music . Okay , let 's use gentle words for once . To accompany the dawn of our first image . The weight of this sad time we must obey . Speak what we feel , not what we ought to say . The oldest hat on most be that it 's young , shall never see so much . - Light sir . - Or ive so ong . I couldn 't help remembering Pluggy 's ast words . Mr. Alien . The bad time of Chernobyl had long been forgotten . The motion picture industry was growing fast again . Paramount , Fox , Warners were booming . And so was the Cannon Cultural Division . I was finishing the picture or bringing this twisted fairy tale to and end in a small editing place they had hired for me . The man in charge was named Mr. A len . - Lights , sir . - This can 't be no accident . - Lights , sir . Oh , then I see a king dealing alone with his many subjects . Lights , sir . Twenty years later I still wonder . Why not some other gentleman from Moscow or Beverly Hills ? Handling . Why don 't they just order some goblin to shoot this twisted fairy tales ? In both hands the present , the future and the past . No . I wi I be the pattern of all patience . I will say nothing . Am I in France ? - In your own kingdom , sir . - Do not abuse me . She 's so young and so untender . So young , my lord , and true . Like as the waves make towards the peppled shore , so do our minutes hasten to their end . Each changing place with that which goes before . In secret toil , all forwards do contend the tifity , once in the main of life , craw s to maturity . Where with being crowned , crookedy c ipses age this glory fight . And time that gave doth now his gift doth vow . Time doth transfix the flourish set on youth and delve the paral els in dutys ' brow . Feed on the rarities of nature 's truth . And nothing stands for his sight to bow . They are not men of their word . They to d me I was everything . 'Tis a lie . She 's gone forever . She 's gone forever . I know when one is dead when one lives . I know when one is dead when one lives . - She 's dead as earth . - Hand me a ooking glass . If that her breath will mist or stain this stone , why , then she lives .
