 Great it 's one of these . You know it 's going to be a doozie when they put us in the cube Good morning Testees . Hey , why don 't you guys come in here ? It 's not safe . What are you giving us ? We didn 't get any pills or injections when we checked in . Today 's drug is a gas . What ? Subtitles downloaded from Podnapisi.NET Breathe deeply . Yes , good . It smells like sweaty feet What is this stuff ; what are we inhaling ? It 's classified . Classified ? What is it dangerous ? Why is it classified ? That is also classified . Please , tell us what this stuff is . Give us a hint . No What are we supposed to do ? Stay in there for ten minutes then go home . Do whatever you normally do . Fill out your symptom reports . What symptoms ? I don 't feel anything . Me neither . Oh , you will ! This is bad . This is really bad . Especially if it was invented by Germans . Look at all of these possible side effects Ron , anyone of these would be a nightmare . Giant boils , open sores , rectal bleeding . Do you have any of them ? Not yet , but something 's coming and it 's not going to be good They gassed us . They don 't administer anything good with gas . There are no gas vitamins . They use gas to poison huge populations . Oh my god , you 're right . They use gas on insects too . Yeah and people on death row . Jesus Ron ... my leg , my leg ! I can 't feel it ! I 'm paralyzed . I 've lost the use of my leg . That means I 'm going to be paralyzed too . Wait , wait , false alarm , the feeling 's coming back . I think it was just asleep . What were we thinking ? Paralyzed , come on . - What the hell ? - What ? Look at my hand . My skin 's dry . It 's like my hand is just drying right up ? It could be a super raging poison . We 're going to shrivel up into the bodies of 90 year men in a few minute Oh my god , but of course . Oh my back . Look at me Ron . How does my skin look ? Do I have any gray hairs ? Oh my god you do have gray hairs . Jesus Ron , I 'm scared . - What have they done to us ? - What the hell is this ? There 's a lump , there 's a huge lump on your shoulder ! Cancer ! Where do you think you 're going ? Experiment room # 9 . Not dressed like that you 're not . You know it 's a sterile room . You need to wear proper Testico issued attire . I am . Oh really ? See I didn 't get the rhinestone and cape memo . I 'm not going to let you sign in until you change . What 's wrong peaches ? Menopause ? I thought I smelled something rotting . I don 't understand why you think you 're so cool Larry . I don 't think I 'm cool I know I 'm cool . No , no you 're not . You 're a slimy 40-year-old wanna-be lady 's man who has awful taste in clothes and a dead-end job testing drugs . You 've got a lot of spunk for a secretary . - I 'm a receptionist ! - Oh really ? And you 're a joke . See that nail polish you 're wearing , I tested it . Your hairspray , all me baby . You tested my hairspray ? You 're my hero . Face it Larry , a monkey can do your job . Oh wait ... a monkey is doing your job in experiment room 7 . You think my job is easy ? - Yes - You think anybody can do it ? - Anyone . - Prove it Hey Pete , it 's the bone , it 's not cancer . I think . - Ron , look at me . - What ? You don 't see it ? What ? Just tell me . Look at the size of this toothpaste ! Shit , big toothpaste . What does it mean ? The toothpaste never used to be this big . - Yeah it is bigger . - Wrong I 'm smaller . Shrinking . Oh my god , they gave us shrinking gas ? You 're right . In a few hours we 're going to be the size of ants . What do we do ? Go get your magnifying glass and meet me in the living room . - What ? - There 's no time to ask questions , just do it ! I don 't understand why we can 't just go to Testico . If we go outside and keep shrinking we 're going to get attacked by a cat and then a bird and eventually a grasshopper We 've got to stay in here where it 's safe and we got everything we need . We got a magnifying glass so people can see us . We got weapons so we can protect ourselves . And we got this rope here so we can climb down to the floor Put knots in it so we can climb easier . What about the cracker ? Month 's supply of food . And the remote control ? how are we going to change the channels if we 're tiny ? We 're going to jump on the buttons . Makes sense . Now we wait . All right , coast is clear . Still time to chicken out baby . Not a chance . I 'm doing this to shut you up So what are we testing here Taron ? Shh ... Don 't tell her . Personally I like to keep it a surprise . - A surprise ? Why ? - Tricks of the trade baby . Makes it easier to identify the symptoms . You need to understand I am a master of this shit . Now shut up and open wide . Me first . - Larry ... - All right Tastes like peppermint . Easy , I feel nothing Like I said Larry , anyone can do it , so get over yourself What ? Yeah , 5-8 , same size as you ever were . - It seems short - Well you 're a small man But we 're not shrinking . Well something is going to happen to us Ron ... soon . They wouldn 't just give us a drug that doesn 't do anything , would they ? - How would I know ? - Yeah , how would you know ? - What are you saying ? What do you think I 'm saying ? I think you 're saying that I know what they gave us . - Well , do you ? - Of course not - Do you ? - Me ? Course not , I just asked you . Which would be the perfect way of stopping me from asking you Oh , you 're good damn good . - Where you going ? - I 'm going to make hotdogs . Testico said go home and do what we normally do . Well on Thursdays we normally eat hotdogs . Wait a minute ! Do what we normally do that 's it The drug in the gas is dormant , it 's waiting . I guess it needs a trigger . Yeah , it becomes active when it interacts somehow with something from our daily lives Something ... normal . Sugar , salt tomatoes all in one bottle , the most normal ingredients in the world . Anything could be the trigger . Vitamins ? Minerals ? Do you know how easy it would be to consume a mineral and not even know it ? Look in the freezer . We haven 't used that thing in years . Grandma 's perogies ! Of course the old poison gas and perogy combo . Nice try Testico That 's everything . Good , now all that 's left is the stuff in the bathroom . Our cleaning supplies , our clothes , our furniture , the rugs , the stuff on the walls , the stuff in the walls and we 'll be safe . Yeah , safe . Dot , dot , dot Don 't tell me you 're that stupid Ron No , no . Let 's go do our enemas . No answer , they must be out . What ? Why is everyone avoiding me ? Because you smell like you have just eaten a month-old dead goat I 'll be fine , I 'll have a mint . Look track down Mr. Cooper and Mr. Mitchell . Without those symptom reports we have no idea how the paranoia gas is affecting them Okay Space shuttle should be directly above us . Now ... Testico would be so pissed if they knew we haven 't eaten , slept or gone to the bathroom . Yeah but they can 't know because we blocked out the frequency right Exactly my friend , so the tracking devices they put in us can 't transmit . And we 're facing magnetic north so we should be invisible to their probes - They don 't know who they 're dealing with - So all we can do is wait . - What the hell was that ? - It 's my stomach . - Oh Jesus Ron , it 's hatching ? - What ? Whatever they put inside you . I 'm sorry buddy you 're already infected . Good afternoon , Testico . Can I help you ? Testico . Problems there pumpkin ? I can handle it Larry . - Oh my god , what ? - You want to marry me - Oh my god - That 's not what I said Bed ... she wants to go to bed . I 'm not even tired . You know what baby ; I 've already banged you ... move on . I hate you . You want to rape me ? I got witnesses , that 's sexual assault . Listen baby , where I come from no means no . Well I have a take me on , I can take it . Take it ? Can I take this ? Call me when you want it to end . Stop moving Ron , we only have one shot at this . I 'm going to cut ... along here the alien ... should be ... here . - You said it was right here - Well it moved - Now keep still - Okay , just get it out of me I 'm not going to lie to you Ron , this might hurt . Wait , how come I 'm infected and you 're not ? - What do you mean ? - I mean what if there is no infection ? Don 't be stupid , we both know there 's an infection . Now hold on . You really want to cut me open don 't you buddy ? What are you trying to stop me ? I see it 's too late , your brain has already been infected Who are you and what have you done with my friend ? I 'm beginning to think that you made up this whole alien hatching thing because you want me dead . - Call him , call him . - Okay , I will call him I know you want the antiserum Amy , what were you thinking ? You were not supposed to take this test . You are a secretary . Receptionist ! This spray is a powerful covert weapon using radioactive isotopes to break down the body the way the paranoia gas breaks down the mind . It 's a low dosage . Eventually reversible , but it has serious side effects . Inflammation of the tongue , the saliva glands , boils on your face , hair loss , clammy , sallow skin . Thank you . The hump was unexpected . I don 't want to hear it . These are for professional testees only . I am extremely disappointed with you . Besides I can 't give you the precious antidote . Larry already picked it up . I 'm not going to let you kill me ! The way you killed Ron . And so it begins . I 'm going to kill you . Die alien scum . I 'll see you in hell . You killed my friend . Who are you ? What have you done to Ron ? What planet are you from and what do you want ? Go to space and die . Wait , wait , wait , wait Maybe there 's no poison or government conspiracy to kill us Maybe it 's all in our heads . Yeah , you could be right . I mean look at you . - You 're wearing a dart board - You are wearing a strainer We 're such idiots . It was probably just a harmless gas that does nothing . Yeah they gave it to us on purpose , the bastards . I can 't believe I thought you were an alien . Hello ? Hello ? Who was it ? I don 't know . Well what did they say ? Is that so ? Please give me the antidote . Hi Amy , looking for this ? The antidote ? The antidote . You haven 't figured it out have you Amy ? The rhinestones , thecape ... you were right when you said any monkey can do these tests . I just need the right little monkey to do this test for me See I 'm just not into the radioactive shit . It 's okay , open your mouth . But I need you to say it just once . You 're not just a testee , you 're Larry . Say it . Say it . No ? Ah , my finger . Not much further Ron . We 're just going for a little ride in the car . Damn it , why can 't I ever get this thing to go down . Pull the lever on the passenger side near the back . Right . Help , somebody help me . Sorry Ron . You understand ... Pete , don 't do this . Help ! It 's for your own good Ron . You 'll be safe now . I 'm your best friend . Yes Ron . Don 't leave me here . I don 't want to I really don 't but you didn 't leave me much choice did you Ron ? I don 't want to die Pete . Yeah , I know . Good bye Ron , don 't call back again , I don 't have free nights and weekends Ron , I had the strangest dream . You were supposed to fill out your symptom reports and come in when we called you . Well we didn 't know it was a paranoia gas . Who would you even make that for ? The military , they could drop it on enemy combatants ... Causing them to turn on each other and become easy targets . Yeah , well it works . How soon can you come in for a full workup ? Hard to say ... idiots ! Ron , you still there ? Pete , I 'm still alive . Well that 's a relief right ? It 's all over . It 's not all over . You have to get me out of here . I 'm running out of air . I 'm sorry . Do you know where you buried me ? Do you have any idea ? This place looks so different at night . How much battery ... do I have left ? Where 'd you bury me ? Will you hang tight Ron , I 'll find you ... Eventually ...
