 PICARD : Captain 's log , stardate 41723.9 . In response to a Starﬂeet order , we are in the Xendi Sabu star system having rendezvoused with a Ferengi vessel which has requested a meeting . Although we arrived here and made appropriate signals to the Ferengi three days ago , they have so far responded only with the message : " Stand by , Enterprise . " You sent for me , sir ? Yes , doctor . Sit down . Um , look , this perhaps may be nothing , but I 've been feeling a bit odd of late . Uh , fatigued . And now I 've got this damned headache . A what ? Headache , headache . Surely you know what a headache is . Of course . But I don 't often encounter them . The reason is obvious , of course . What are the Ferengi up to ? " Stand by , Enterprise . " Stand by for what ? - I don 't see a thing wrong . - No , neither can I. Unless they 're baiting some kind of trap . With your head . I see nothing physically wrong but I want to run some additional scans in Sickbay . - Doctor , all I 've got is- - - Is an order to report to Sickbay . From the only person aboard this ship who can give you an order . RIKER [ OVER INTERCOM ] : Captain , from ﬁrst ofﬁcer . They 're ﬁnally sending a message . On my way , Number One . Sorry , doctor . Duty calls . RIKER : They 're prepared to talk . Have they given any hint of what they 've been waiting for ? TASHA : Negative , captain . They 've identified their commander as Bok , DaiMon Bok . You 'll be able to see him now , sir . They 're willing to communicate on visual . Open hailing frequencies . TASHA : Frequencies open , sir . Ferengi vessel , this is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise . We are transmitting visually . Is this the Captain Picard ? - Do we know each other ? BOK : Iknow you , Picard . Then you have the advantage of me . Is this Bok ? lam Bok , DaiMon of the Ferengi . I have asked you here to discuss a mutual problem , captain . What problem is that , DaiMon Bok ? I insist on speaking of that matter in person . Shall we meet on your vessel or mine ? TASHA : Hailing frequencies closed . Captain , I sense considerable deception on Bok 's part . - And danger . - Then we should meet him here . Keep him under our control . Now open , sir . I appreciate your offer , DaiMon Bok . We would like you to be our guest here . As you wish , Picard . Perhaps this shall begin a new era of cooperation for both our peoples . - In one Earth hour then ? - In one hour , DaiMon Bok . End transmission . I can 't believe they 're coming here . They did agree a bit easily . In one hour , we shall know why . PICARD : Space , the ﬁnal frontier . These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise . Its continuing mission : to explore strange new worlds , to seek out new life and new civilizations , to boldly go where no one has gone before . PICARD : Always accustomed to getting your own way , doctor ? Only when my way makes sense , captain . There 's still 40 minutes until the Ferengi beam over . I 'll have these scans done in ten . Seems an awful lot of effort for something as simple as a headache . As simple ? You should not have a headache unless there 's something wrong , sir . Maybe true that headaches were once quite common . That was in the days before the brain was charted . Before we understood the nature of pain . When we were suffering from things such as the common cold . So , what 's the cause of my headache ? I haven 't the slightest idea . Feel better ? - Pain 's gone . - Medical fakery . The pain is actually still there . It 's just cloaked . I 'll want further exams . - Doctor- - - When the Ferengi matter is settled . WESLEY : Commander , you 'll soon be getting an alert . What ? Wesley , if you 've got something to report ... If you 'll scan heading 44 mark 163 , lieutenant , you 'll find- - TASHA : Intruder alert , sir . I 've got something , sir . It 's an old style starship , sir . Constellation class , heading this way under impulse power . Says who ? Ensign , answer the first officer 's question . [ CLEARS THROAT ] Says the long-distance sensors , sir . I was in Engineering , playing around with boosting the sensor output . Boosting it ? How ? We will discuss this later . I 'm reading it now , sir , as a Constellation class starship heading this way under impulse power . Sending no call letters , sir . The correct procedure — — What 's wrong , sir ? Oh , it 's nothing . It 's just a mild headache . The correct procedure , ensign , would have been to signal the Bridge of your finding immediately . - Yes , sir . PICARD : Bringing it here personally perhaps with the idea of being on hand for the Ferengi beam-over might have imperiled this vessel had it been something hostile approaching . - Yes , sir . - We are receiving no signal at all from the approaching starship , sir . Time , sir . Time ? Oh , for the Ferengi beam-over . Do you see any problem connected with this old starship coming in , Number One ? It would be safer to have the Ferengi here whatever happened . Hmm . Concur . Stand by . Hailing frequencies open , sir . Welcome in peace to the Enterprise , DaiMon Bok . It is our pleasure , Captain Picard . Might I introduce my first officer , Kazago , my second , Rata . This is my first officer , Commander William Riker , second in command , Data , Counselor Troi . BOK : We have heard that you use females . Clothed females . Most interesting . They are that , sir . And the android was mentioned too . KAZAGO : What is its price ? We should like to purchase it . He is not for sale . Commander Data is , um ... Is second-hand merchandise , and you wouldn 't want him . Second-hand , sir ? Oh , of course . A human joke . TASHA : Excuse me , captain , but the unidentified starship is coming in . Still no signal at all . Think nothing of it . It is under our control . One of our starships under your control ? Do not be alarmed , captain . It is a gift from us with which we honor the hero of Maxia . - Who ? BOK : Why , you , Picard , of course . Do you not remember the Battle of Maxia ? I 'm sorry , I do not remember it , DaiMon Bok . Data ? Captain , he may refer to an encounter which occurred nine years ago in the Maxia Zeta star system in which an unidentified starship- - Unidentified ? That fine vessel was Ferengi . Which you destroyed , sir . The Battle of Maxia . I 've never heard it referred to so dramatically before . My sincere regrets , Bok , but that vessel refused to identify itself . It simply attacked us . We defended ourselves . Such mistakes happen in space . Hardly a mistake , sir . Your report shows that it deliberately attacked . TASHA : Do you want arriving vessel on main viewer , sir ? It 's only a thousand kilometers away now . - Put it on your viewer . - Main viewer . There is no one aboard it . The log should be downloaded into the Enterprise 's records . - At a price . - No price . No price ? What is the purpose of this ? What- - ? I just felt something too , captain . Perhaps it is his conscience . — Bridge to Sickbay . - No , no , I 'm fine . It felt as if- - As if it were something from your past . It 's all right , I 'm fine . What is all this about ? It is about the battle I mentioned , captain . A gift in honor of that occasion . Look at that ship closely . Magnify , please , Lieutenant La Forge . Aye , sir . Why ... It 's the Stargazer . It 's my old ship . - How did you find it ? - It was a derelict . Adrift in space on the far side of this star system . How it got there is none of my business , captain . But now that vessel is yours , if you wish to have it . We are not selling it to him ? Consider it an act of friendship . At no cost ? Ugly . Very ugly . P I CARD : Captain 's log , supplemental . Bok and his ofﬁcers have returned to their vessel inviting us now to ofﬁcially take possession of the Stargazer . - Like before ? - No . - It hit with more impact . TROI : Hit ? I 'm sorry , but anything could be important . - You said you felt something yourself . TROI : I believe so . Like a thought , but rather mechanical in nature . PICARD : Are you sure it wasn 't one of my thoughts ? At that moment I was remembering being at the helm of the Stargazer . A maneuver was being made . We were hit . Something 's burning . I can smell smoke . Can you smell it ? There 's nothing burning , Jean-Luc . Ah . That was just part of my memory . Memory or nightmare ? Well , it was strong , whatever it was . You ready , Number One ? Staff 's waiting if Dr. Crusher approves . I 'll do better than that . I 'll go along . We were traveling at warp 2 through the Maxia Zeta system and this unidentified starship suddenly appeared and fired on us , point — b | ank range . RIKER : Where did it come from ? It must have been lying in some deep moon crater . First attack damaged the shields , in the confusion - they hit us a second time . TASHA : No clue who they were ? No names , no reason . Can you identify them , Vigo ? If they come in a second time with our shields damaged ... Sir , who 's Vigo ? He 's my weapons officer on the Stargazer . I 'm getting quite caught up in this . Your shields were failing , sir . Mm — hm . I , uh , improvised . With the enemy vessel coming in for the kill , I ordered a sensor bearing , and when it came into the return arc ... You performed what Starfleet textbooks now refer to as the Picard Maneuver . I did what any good helmsman would have done . I dropped into high warp , stopped right off the enemy vessel 's bow , fired with everything I had . And blowing into maximum warp speed , you appeared , for an instant , to be in two places at once . And our attacker fired on the wrong one . " I did what any good helmsman would have done . " You did it first , sir . Oh , it was a save-our-skins maneuver . We were finished , on fire . We had to abandon ship . We limped through space in shuttlecraft for weeks before we were picked up . Ah , I haven 't thought about this for years . Sir , the Ferengi are standing by for us to take possession of the Stargazer . - I want to go over to her . - I understand , sir . As soon as my people have made certain that she 's safe . And after I have another look at you , captain . ISIGHS ] " USS Stargazer . Constellation class . Starfleet Registry NCC-2893 . " I activated the emergency power cells . Amazing they still work . The rest of the ship is clear of surprises , Lieutenant Yar . When I read about this ship at the Academy , I never dreamed I 'd ever be on her . Yar to Enterprise . All clear , sir . Hello , old friend . You 'll find this most intriguing , sir . What 'd you find , Data ? DATA : Last entry , dated nine years ago , sir . BY you . " We are forced to abandon our starship . May she find her way without us . " Apparently she did , sir . — How do you feel , captain ? - Oh , I 'm fine , doctor . Lieutenant Yar , run a structural analysis on the Stargazer for impulse tow . Data , download all computers to the Enterprise and file . I 'm ... I 'm going to look at my old cabin . Try this , hero of Maxia . [ WHIRRING ] [ GRUNTING ] Captain . Another headache ? This really worries me . - I want you back on the Enterprise . - But my things- - I 'll see they 're sent to your Enterprise quarters . RIKER : Enterprise now taking possession of Stargazer , Kazago . Permission granted , Riker . Actually , it was quite a bargain , Kazago . I thought the Ferengi always made a profit on things . [ GROWLS ] Set sub-warp speed for towing , La Forge . LA FORGE : Aye , sir . Starfleet has responded to our request , sir . A tug will rendezvous with us and tow the Stargazer back to Xendi Starbase 9 . Very well , Data . - How was it , captain ? - Very strange , Number One . Like going back to the house you grew up in . But no one 's home . Except phantoms of the past . It has troubled you ? Not half as much as this damned headache . Take over , Number One . Aye , sir . What 's wrong ? I wish I could say . MAN 1 : Shields weakening , captain . MAN 2 : Torpedoes armed . MAN 1 : Where are they ? Oh , my God , sir . MAN 2 : Fire . Fire . [ GUNFIRE ] RIKER : What is it , Data ? - Why all the mystery ? - The records of the Stargazer , sir . What the Ferengi call the ' ' Battle of Maxia . " It seems the captain 's personal log contains a much different version of that conﬂict than the official historic account . What are you saying ? It would appear that the starship which Captain Picard attacked - had in fact been under a flag of truce . - What ? And apparently the captain destroyed the ship without notice or provocation . Impossible . What about the fire aboard the Stargazer ? An accident in Engineering . - And what proof ? - It is logged in his own voice , sir . Would you care to hear it , sir ? Sir ? PICARD [ ON RECORDING ] : This is a confession given by me , Jean-Luc Picard commanding USS Stargazer . — What does this mean ? - I don 't know , sir . - It sounds like your voice . - It is , Number One . But I refuse to believe you ever said that . PICARD [ ON RECORDING ] : I admit , I must have mistaken their subspace antenna for a weapons cluster . Unfortunately , I ﬁred our main phasers and our direct hit destroyed the unknown vessel . I 've assumed they simulated your voice somehow . - I 've already put Data to work on it . PICARD : Thank you , Will . I never made that log entry , of course . But it still leaves you with a duty to perform . I know , sir . I must report to Starfleet . That 's at least one full day , subspace communications to reach there . And one more full day for their answer to return . I 'd like to have the truth of this by then . I 'd hate to have to prepare a formal defense . I can 't believe they 'd ask for your command . Why wouldn 't they ? With the Ferengi making these friendship overtures , I could become a severe embarrassment to Starfleet . I 'm certain the Ferengi are behind the faked log . No wonder they 're waiting out there . Headache back , sir ? Damn . I 'll call the doctor again . It 's no wonder with all this going on . Try to relax . PICARD [ ON RECORDING ] : This is a confession given by me , Jean-Luc Picard commanding USS Stargazer . In the hopes that my belated honesty will be taken into account by Starﬂeet when judging my actions during a confrontation with an unidentiﬁed vessel . - Open hailing frequencies , Geordi . - Open , sir . I 'll take it in the Ready Room . Secure channel , La Forge . Secure , sir . Starship Ferengi , this is Commander Riker here . I 'd like to speak to First Officer Kazago . KAZAGO [ OVER MONITOR ] : A problem , Riker ? Are our channels secure on your end ? It is now . RIKER : Are you aware of the details of the Battle of Maxia ? Captain Bok has just made me aware of it , Riker . The infamy of your Picard is now fully known . Infamy ? I would call the wanton destruction of an unarmed vessel " infamy . " And if I produced evidence that Captain Picard 's log entry was falsified to indicate that- - ? I can hardly imagine you contacted me to discuss an ancient battle . - What do you want of me ? - Just one question . As you humans say , I 'm all ears . First officer to ﬁrst officer , Kazago . If your Captain Bok knew about this , then why this peaceful meeting to present us with the Stargazer ? We freely give you back your derelict warship and now you accuse us of crime , Riker ? I can bear no more insults . [ DOOR BEEPS ] Yes , who the hell is it ? Not resting , captain ? More like dying , doctor . Over here . What is wrong with me ? I wish to hell I knew , captain . But something unusual has definitely been happening to you . Why do doctors always say the obvious , as though it 's a revelation ? Why do captains always act like they 're immortal ? No . [ BOK LAUGHING ] [ ORB WHIRRING ] You didn 't tell me it had been this bad . It wasn 't this bad . But it 's getting worse . This should help a little . It 's got to be some kind of emotional pressure connected with the Stargazer . I got this headache long before I even knew my old ship still existed . Still , perhaps you 're partly right . Want to talk about it ? I 'm here . The fight at Maxia . I destroyed an entire vessel . Entire crew . Did you have a choice ? I don 't know anymore . I just don 't know . Commander Riker has told me about the altered log if that 's what 's troubling you . The last three nights , I ... I 've heard these voices . I 'm on the Bridge of my old ship . There 's fire all around me . The klaxons , the smoke , and then I give the order . Now the Stargazer is really here . And then that log . Am I going crazy ? How do I know if I was in my right mind at Maxia ? How do I know if I 'm in my right mind now ? What was that ? Something to let you sleep . Yes , sleep . Sleep . [ ALARM WAILING ] MAN 1 : Shields weakening , captain . MAN 2 : Torpedoes armed . WOMAN : Where are they ? [ PICARD GROANING ] [ LAUGHING ] And now , my dear captain , you are ready to live the past . MAN 1 : Where did they come from ? MAN 2 : Phasers , sir ? Sir ? Sir ? What should we do , sir ? WOMAN : Should we ﬁre back ? MAN 1 : Fire , captain , ﬁre . You will injure yourself , as you once injured me . MAN : Sir . Damage report . MAN 1 : Fusion generator under surge control , sir . Power systems failing . Sensor-beam bearing on hostile ship . MAN 2 : Seven mark 19 , sir . WOMAN : Phasers , sir ? - Sir ? - Ready phasers and lock . Stand by on warp 9 . Heading , 77 mark 20 . Engage . [ EXPLOSION ] Steady . Now reverse and stop . Phasers fire , torpedoes away . [ GUNFIRE THEN EXPLOSIONS ] [ ALARM WAILING ] Fire . Fire . By comparing the Stargazer 's main computer log with Captain Picard 's personal log , I found checksum discrepancies , sir . What does that mean ? All information is time-coded by entry and the bits when totaled , produce an aggregate amount which- - I don 't want a computer-science lesson , Data . - Bottom line . - One of these two logs is a forgery , sir . Correction . The log just found aboard the Stargazer is a forgery . As I said . That is one of them , is it not ? LA FORGE : Captain . You 're looking better , sir . A little sleep , thanks to the good doctor , works wonders . — What report on the logs ? DATA : Yes , sir . Whoever tampered with your personal log was clever . LA FORGE : But a bit clumsy . It 's definitely a fabrication , sir . CRUSHER : Number One . I 'd like you to take a look at this brain-scan graph- - What are you doing here ? I thought I was captain of this starship . - Of course you are- - - Thank you for the confirmation . But now , except for Riker , I would , uh , like you all to return to your stations . - Is that clear ? - Sir . You too , doctor . I have business with the commander . Under protest , sir . You have orders for me , sir ? Release the Stargazer from the tractor beam , Number One . - Sir ? - The tractor beam . - Sir , are you abandoning ? - No . But her inertia will carry the Stargazer along with us . Or did you sleep through the Academy lecture on the conservation of tractor-beam power ? No , sir . I 'll release her , of course . CRUSHER : Obviously , there 's some sort of thought-process disorder here . But I can 't find a physical reason for it . - Anything ? - I 'm puzzled too . I keep sensing random thoughts . But two sets of them . As if they were his , but intermixed with other thoughts which are also his . CRUSHER : I 'm busy at the moment , Wesley . I know , Mom , but this is important . When I went back to the main sensors in Engineering to try more sensitivity experiments- - Does this have something to do with Captain Picard ? WESLEY : Yes , ma 'am . If this is what you 're talking about here . I don 't know much about brain scans , but I glanced at these when you were studying them . And I noticed that these patterns are the same as those picked up from the low-intensity transmissions from the Ferengi ship . I went back and checked , and they 're exactly the same . - What kind of transmissions ? - I don 't know . Engineering has nothing like it on record . Let 's get to the captain . No , they might be affecting the captain . To Riker . You 're welcome , ladies . Adults . The captain , commander ? RIKER : Resting in his quarters after ordering both of you to return to your duty stations . There have been some- - Did he say low-intensity ? Mm . Some unusual low-intensity transmissions from the Ferengi vessel . RIKER : Did who say ? - My son . Transmissions which exactly match certain anomalies found in the captain 's brain scans . Something over there is affecting the captain 's thought patterns . Computer , give me a location on Captain Picard . COMPUTER : Captain Picard is in Transporter Room 3 . What ? Computer , emergency order to Transporter Room 3 . COMPUTER : New Information . Captain Picard is no longer aboard the Enterprise . Welcome back , captain . - What is happening ? - Shields up , computer . - What are you doing ? - Collecting on an old debt . [ BOK LAUGHING ] [ ORB WHIRRING THEN PICARD GROANS ] Stargazer . Captain , respond . Shields up , sir . No way to beam over any help . Commander , I 'm reading something very strange here . A low-intensity beam of intermittent pulse inside this starship . I have a fix on it , sir . Inside Captain Picard 's quarters . You transferred some of his belongings from the Stargazer ? Yes . Including a fairly heavy chest . RIKER : Go take a look , fast . Commander , Stargazeris now powering up , sir . I have been waiting a long nine years for this , Picard . PICARD : I don 't know what you 're talking about . Do you not , human ? Can you not remember the crime you committed against my very blood ? - You murdered my only son . - Your son ? He was commander of the ship you destroyed . On his first voyage as DaiMon . The Ship ? The Ferengi vessel that attacked me ? Or is it about to attack me ? And I have spent these years searching , seeking a proper blood revenge . And I found it . [ ORB WHIRRING ] BOK : I am rich , Picard , yet two of these cost me the profits of an entire life . You are back in command of the Stargazer , Picard . Its computers will answer your orders . [ LAUGHING ] Die well , captain . [ LAUGHING ] RI KE R : First ofﬁcer 's log . Captain Picard has beamed himself to the Stargazer which is now moving away from us under its own power . Enterprise to Stargazer , please respond . Enterprise to Captain Picard aboard Stargazer . Please answer . Mr. Data , what was Stargazer 's condition ? Considerable fire damage to interior surfaces reported , sir . But none of her main systems are crippled . RIKER : Armaments , Lieutenant Yar ? Six photon torpedoes short , sir . Probably used when the captain destroyed his Ferengi attackers nine years ago . Othenivise fully armed . What do you make of it , La Forge ? Seems to be a network of miniature circuitry , sir , incredibly complex . Maybe ... Maybe an amplifier . Where was it in the captain 's quarters , Mr. Worf ? His chest from the Stargazer , sir . Just where I had left it . He hadn 't yet unpacked . So he may not have even known it was there . And if this can pick up or magnify thought-altering transmission- - It could have prepared him for whatever is happening now . Let 's find out , or try to . Contact the Ferengi vessel , lieutenant . TASHA : Hailing frequencies open , sir . Enterprise to Ferengi vessel . We transmit visually . Do you respond ? Why is our gift to you under power , human ? I will discuss that with your captain . KAZAGO : He is working in our ship 's laboratory . Where is your captain ? RIKER : He 's beamed himself aboard the Stargazer . And I 'm wondering if this has something to do with it . How do you have possession of that ? It was found in our captain 's chest which was brought over from the Stargazer . It is a forbidden device . A thought maker . If your captain is criminal enough to own one- - Kazago , you know who controls those spheres . Now , I ask you again , first officer to first officer , what 's going on ? It is not seemly to question one 's own DaiMon , Riker . I am not prepared to do that . - Sir , I have the Stargazer . - Switch now . RIKER : Enterprise to Picard . Do not attack again . We are on a peaceful mission . Give your identity . You force us to defend ourselves . Phasers full up . Arm torpedoes . Why aren 't the shields at full power ? We 've lost him , sir . When he put up the shields , sir . Damn it . I said get the fusion generators on the surge control . We are moving much too slowly . Arm the torpedoes , man . [ COUGHING ] Vigo , get a fire-control party up here . WOMAN : Shields weakening , captain . MAN 1 : Fusion generator on line . - Weapon 's report ? MAN 2 : Phasers coming to full charge . Torpedoes armed . Who are they ? Identify them . MAN 2 : They 're turning for a third pass at us , sir . MAN 1 : We can 't take another hit , captain . Sir , I now feel anger from our captain . Fury over whatever it is he 's reliving out there . The Battle of Maxia , sir . That 's what it is . The Picard Maneuver . What is the defense against that , Data ? There is no defense , sir . Then devise one . Fast . First Ofﬁcer Kazago to human Riker . Not now , Kazago . We do not wish to become involved in what has become clearly a Federation matter . Fine , fine . Enterprise out . KAZAGO : You should also know that DaiMon Bok no longer commands this vessel . His ﬁrst ofﬁcer has conﬁned him for engaging in this unproﬁtable adventure . Good luck , First Ofﬁcer Riker . DATA : I have computed a possibility , commander . Since even deep space contains trace gases , a vessel in the Picard Maneuver might seem to disappear but our sensors could locate any sudden compression of those gases . And use it as an aiming point and blow our captain to bits ? This class starship has enough power to use our tractor beam on it , sir . - Seize it . Limit its field of fire . RIKER : Right . Concentrate shields at that point . Make it so . I hope you 're right , Data . No question of it , sir . Stand by . Look on tractor beam . Ready phasers . RIKER [ OVER MONITOR ] : Captain Picard , listen to me . Vigo , is that you ? RIKER : It 's Commander Riker , sir . Captain , hear me . Look around . The Ferengi are using their thought devices on you . Stand by . — Who is this ? — It 's Riker , sir . Your Number One . Look for a silver sphere . Destroy it with your phaser . Phaser . A sphere . - Bok used it . - Destroy it . Phaser . Destroy the sphere . Destroy the sphere . IYELLS ] Are you all right , captain ? RIKER [ OVER MONITOR ] : Captain ? Captain , are you all right ? Captain , are you all right ? - Where am I , Number One ? RIKER : Aboard the Stargazer , sir . The sphere you destroyed , it 's been controlling- - Bok . — Where is Bok ? RIKER : Removed from command , sir . And placed under guard for his act of personal vengeance . It seems there was no proﬁt in it . In revenge there never is . Let the dead rest . And the past remain the past . Enterprise , lock on . Beam me home , Riker .
