 Finally the Army of Noza Launches its missile attack in order to raze the planet Maris . The last attack . JJ and the others decide to attack the Noza quarter of the moon . The enemy is prepared and waiting with all its fury , Leaving all in grave danger . ( By Pheon ) Made from fan to fan , not sale or rent . Episode 31 : The last shot to win . JJ ! JJ ! JJ ! You idiot flee quickly . They say only fools heal after death . I will not die here ! What this happening ? The Nuts White is attacking . This reaching the final moment , Take measures necessary as soon as possible , and make Maris surrender Yes . Also my life is about to end , before that happens I need to send the new generation Noza Maris . We can not allow the enemy eliminate our noble race . We have to win the Maris planet . We spoke smart ! Here I come ! Come on . There I change the attack ! Sai ! Damn . Do not think I 'll die here . Take this And this . Less evil . I will not die here . JJ ! Alright ? JJ ! This hurt ? I 'm fine . There is a platform missiles in the northern area of ? the base . We will destroy it , stay in your Current position in providing coverage . We trust you , I promise will go back . Of course , do not worry friends , I wish much luck , goodbye . Back together , all together .. nothing and no one will stop us . Yes . JJ , and win back all together . Come on . They say that high speed leads to death . The life of Noza ended . The Queen protects us and takes care to extend our species . But the vda all Noza has a definite . Finally we found . There is the missile . I 'll shoot . This is the missile . So what is it ? A living being ? What is this ! The missile exploded # 4 is not known what caused the explosion . The enemy has infiltrated the area release . What ? Maris is in ruins , these missiles can destroy everything . I will not allow you to continue with it , destroy all Maris will save , Will not achieve . Champ ! Apple ! Apple 's okay with you ? What matters now is to destroy this place . Right . Apple Care ! Champ is firm , Do not worry about me , go find JJ . But ... Thanks to Apple it was possible fight until now , you understand . I will return the ship with Dave , do not worry , go find JJ . We need to take that idiot Maris even if it is chained . How good it is to have friends , it 's good , but nothing , I decided that the three Champ go back together . We must not separate . We still have many things to resolve , many things , not Champ ? Who is ? You are the famous JJ that Baron Ricks mentioned ? Who are you ? I 'm the commander in chief of Noza in this sector of the universe , Adomis . Commander in chief ... Adomis . You are responsible for so much death and destruction , you have no soul ? You know how many have you killed ? I do this for my people . It is in this place that are the embryos of our children , we must find a suitable location for our survival . So these are eggs Noza ? Before your life is over , it takes a planet as Maris for our children survive . Means that for this you end up with humanity like we 're trash ! I think I 've said too much . We will offer the children that their life full of energy . It 's crazy . The next generation should be more courageous and stronger than ours . For those that do not disappear Noza grand universe , any sacrifice is inevitable . JJ , and win back all together . Apple ... Champ ... Aplle that side ! JJ We have come to save you . What do you want ? Our children ! Where are my guards ! JJ , okay ? Apple ... ? Destroy us all missiles . This is the Queen of Noza . We have impedil it , it can not Maris reach with these eggs . Understood . Should I bring my children to the planet Maris . What happened to my army ? What happened to the conquest Maris ? My army was not unbeatable . Shut up , your fault many Maris lives were lost in vain It 's the end , you will have an end , Maris is now saved . Please Champ , delete this cruel monster ! Apple , please , for the sake Maris ! What is happening ? I can not shoot my gun , I do not understand . What is happening ? Seems to have a mind of its own . I do not understand anything . Do not stop ! , Please stop ! , We have to stop the queen . Where are we ? Maybe in one dimension unknown . My children were sent to a planet fertile to grow in peace . Thank you . The Zillion saved the Noza , I do not understand . Zillion believed in possibility . Possibility of a new source of life . That was the real mission the Zillion . A miracle sent gun the supreme being . To protect all forms of life . My Zillion . And my ... What is happening ? I do not know , but I 'm feeling something strange , do not know what is . It 's one thing sweated and stunning . Causes a sensation joy . Yes , der suddenly reminded me the maternal warmth . JJ , Champ ! So here it all ends ? There is just beginning . That 's right , now that we start our own struggles . Yes our own struggles . Yes . Drugs do not push . What do ! You rather that this trampling me . Because I 'm sitting back and in the middle you ? In ? The best going forward . How is it thanks to me all were saved . This is me speaking and besides more I is not looking to hurt not ? You just want to go ahead to Apple is not grabbing you idiot ! Wow that ugly thing , is not it you who wants to take on Apple 's big breasts , huh , buddy ? And how do you know that are great ? Did you ever fingered you ? And if I have palpated and dai face ! Ah ! So you 've fumbled is not miserable ! Not forgive you , as you can do this to me , Apple is mine , she is mine , man ! Please , boys , stop with it .
