 Hot chocolate , please . [ LA FORGE CHUCKLES ] We , uh ... We don 't ordinarily say please to food dispensers around here . Well , since it 's listed as intelligent circuitry , why not ? After all , working with so much artificial intelligence can be dehumanizing , right ? So why not combat that tendency with a little simple courtesy ? - Ah , thank you . - For someone who just arrived you certainly aren 't shy with your opinions . - Have I been talking too much ? - No . Oh , I do tend to have a bit of a motor mouth especially when I 'm excited . You don 't know how exciting it is - to have gotten this assignment . CREWMAN : Excuse me , lieutenant . I mean , everyone wants the Enterprise . I mean , it would have been all right to spend some time on Ranuos VI , do phase work with antimatter . - That 's my specialty . CREWMAN : Thank you , sir . I know . That 's why you got this assignment . I did it again . - It 's just that- - - I know , you 're excited . - Look , Sonya . - Yes ? I don 't think you want to be around these control stations with that hot chocolate , do you ? Oh , I 'm sorry , I shouldn 't even have this in Engineering . It 's just , we were talking , I forgot I had it in my hand . Um , I 'm gonna go finish it over here . Lieutenant La Forge ? This is not gonna happen again . [ GOMEZ GASPS ] Oh , no ! Oh , I 'm sorry . Oh , captain . - Uh , actually , it 's my fault , sir . PICARD : Indeed . Oh , I wasn 't looking . It 's all over you . Yes , ensign , it 's all over me . At least let me , sir . Ensign . Uh , ensign ... ? Oh . Ensign Sonya Gomez . Ensign Gomez is a recent Academy graduate , captain . She just transferred over at Starbase 1 73 . Is that so ? Well , Ensign Sonya Gomez , I think it will be simpler if I simply change my uniform . Captain , I must accept full responsibility for this . Yes , chief engineer , I think I understand . I just want to say , sir , that I 'm very excited about this assignment and I promise to serve you , and my ship- - Your ship . This ship to the best of my ability . Yes , ensign , I 'm sure that you will . Carry on . Oh , my . First impressions , right ? Isn 't that what they say , first impressions are the most important ? I 'll give you this . It 's a meeting the captain won 't soon forget . [ SIGHS ] Deck 9 , officers ' quarters . - Crewman , what is going on ? Q : Welcome , Picard , to ShuttIecraft 6 . Q. There , there , haven 't we been careless ? A little cleaning service I 'm only too happy to provide . We agreed you would never trouble my ship again . I always keep my arrangements , sir . Look . We 're nowhere near your vessel . PICARD : Space , the final frontier . These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise . Its continuing mission : to explore strange , new worlds , to seek out new life and new civilizations , to boldly go where no one has gone before . I read your graduating thesis . Now , I wouldn 't have requested you if you weren 't the best . [ GOMEZ CHUCKLES ] - Where are we going ? - Ten-Forward . We 're gonna forget about work . We are going to sit , talk , relax , look at the stars . You need to learn how to slow down . Oh , no , no , no , I can 't do that . You know , you 're awfully young to be so driven . Yes , I am . I had to be . I had to be the best because only the best get to be here . Geordi ... Lieutenant . It 's okay . Go on . Whatever is out here , we 're gonna be the first humans to see it . And I want to be a part of that . I want to understand it . Sonya , relax . You 're here . You 've made it . But you won 't last long banging into walls . - It 'll be there for you , believe me . - Okay . Look , I promise I won 't let anything exciting slip past without letting you know , okay ? [ GOMEZ CHUCKLES ] - Okay . - Okay . [ CHATTERING ] Bridge , this is Ten-Forward . Guinan ? I don 't remember you ever calling the Bridge before . GUINAN : Is everything all right ? How do you mean ? GUINAN : Is there anything unusual happening ? No , Guinan , nothing out of the ordinary . Why do you ask ? I 'm not sure . It 's just a feeling . I 've had it a couple of times before . It 's probably nothing . Forget that I called . Ten-Forward out . The locator beam won 't help . They 'll never think to look for you this far away . Enterprise , this is Picard . Stop this foolishness , Q. Return me to the Enterprise . I 'd suggest you change your attitude . Petulance does not become you . We have business , Picard . Keeping me a prisoner here will not compel me to discuss anything with you . It will in time . I appreciate your advice , lieutenant . And I 'll take it to heart . Guinan ? - Can I get you something ? - We 're fine . Is everything all right ? I don 't know . I , uh , think I 'll go check out Engineering . I 'll go with you . Where is the captain ? In his quarters ? Captain , this is Counselor Troi . Computer , locate Captain Picard . COMPUTER : The captain is not on the ship . Commander , there is a shuttle missing from Bay 2 . - All stop . - Answering all stop , sir . I have hailed the shuttle on all frequencies . No response . Sensors indicate no shuttle or other ships in this sector . I think we can assume the captain 's aboard that shuttle . How could he get to the shuttlebay and leave without us knowing ? - That 's not possible . - Take it easy , Wes . We 're gonna find him . I want to begin a methodical search . Worf , set sensors on maximum scan . Data , use our present location as the center . Plot a search pattern from these coordinates to cover the most area in the least time . - Search pattern has been input , sir . - Engage , Mr. Crusher . First officer 's log , stardate 42761 .3 . We have not been able to determine why or how Captain Picard left the Enterprise . We can 't even be certain he is in the missing shuttle , although that is the assumption on which we are proceeding . For the last six hours , we have been searching without success . We have covered the area in a spherical pattern which a vessel without warp drive could traverse in the time allotted . Widen the area . Do we stay out here years ? Decades ? I 'm ageless , Picard . You are not . The Enterprise will continue with Riker as captain . You are an impossibly stubborn human . Return me to my ship ! If I return you to your ship will you agree to give my request a full hearing ? You 're right , Picard . This is the proper venue for our discussion . [ Q CHUCKLES ] Commander . My status board indicates the shuttle is back in Bay 2 . Computer , locate Captain Picard . COMPUTER : Captain Picard is in Ten-Forward . I knew it was you . You ? If you had half the sense you pretend to have , you would get her off your ship immediately . And if you 'd like , I 'd be more than pleased to expedite her departure . You know him ? We have had some dealings . Those dealings were two centuries ago . This creature is not what she appears to be . She 's an imp . And where she goes , trouble always follows . You 're speaking of yourself , Q , not Guinan . Guinan ? Is that your name now ? Guinan is not the issue here . You are . We had an agreement that you would stop meddling with us . - And so I have . - What do you want , Q ? You state your business , get on with it . I agree , captain . Enough about this creature . She 's diverting us from the purpose of my being here . Which is ? Oh , the redoubtable Commander Riker . And micro-brain . Growl for me . Let me know you still care . Worf . - My purpose is to join you . - To join us as what ? As a member of the crew . Willing and able , ready to serve . This ship is already home for the indigent , the unwanted , the unworthy . Why not for a homeless entity ? - Homeless ? - Yes . The other members of the Q continuum kicked you out ? GUINAN : Not all the Q are alike . Some are almost respectable . Ready and willing . Able to serve . What would you do ? Would you start as an ordinary crewman ? Hmm ? What task is too menial for an entity ? Sir , do you mock me ? Not at all . That 's the last thing I would do . You , by definition , are part of our charter . Our mission is to seek out new and different life-forms and you certainly qualify as one of the most unique I 've ever encountered . To learn about you is frankly provocative . But you 're next of kin to chaos . Captain , at least allow me to present my argument . Worf . After our last encounter , I was asked to leave the Q continuum . Since then I 've been wandering vaguely . Bored , really . My existence without purpose . Then I remembered all the good times I had with you . The good times ? The first time we met you , you put us on trial for the crimes of humanity . Of which you were exonerated . The next time we saw you , you asked me to join the Q continuum . A big mistake that you didn 't accept my offer . More and more I realize that here- - Here is where I want to be . Think of the advantages . Now , I neither expect nor require any special treatment . And if necessary , although I can 't imagine why , I will renounce my powers and become as weak and as incompetent as all of you . [ SCOFFS ] No . No ? Oh , captain , in fairness , let me try . I deserve at least that much . In fairness ? You disrupt this ship ? You kidnap the captain ? I add a little excitement , a little spice to your lives and all you do is complain . Where is your adventurous spirit , your imagination ? Think , Picard , think . Think of the possibilities . Simply speaking , we don 't trust you . Oh . Well , you may not trust me , but you do need me . You 're not prepared for what awaits you . How can we be prepared for that which we do not know ? But I do know that we are ready to encounter it . Q : Really ? - Yes . Absolutely . That 's why we 're out here . Oh , the arrogance . They don 't have a clue as to what 's out here . They will learn , adapt . That is their greatest advantage . They are moving faster than expected , further than they should . By whose calculations ? You judge yourselves against the pitiful adversaries you 've encountered so far . The Romulans , the Klingons , they 're nothing compared to what 's waiting . Picard , you are about to move into areas of the galaxy containing wonders more incredible than you can possibly imagine . And terrors to freeze your soul . I offer myself as a guide . Only to be rejected out of hand . We 'll just have to do the best we can without you . - What justifies that smugness ? - Not smugness , not arrogance . But we 're resolute , we 're determined , and your help is not required . We 'll just have to see how ready you are . Q ! Bridge , this is the captain . All stop . WESLEY [ OVER COM ] : Answering all stop , sir . Status ? According to these coordinates , we have traveled 7000 light years and are located near the system J-25 . Travel time to the nearest starbase ? At maximum warp , in two years , seven months , three days , 1 8 hours , we would reach Starbase 1 85 . - Why ? - Why ? Why , to give you a taste of your future . A preview of things to come . [ SPEAKS IN SPANISH ] The hall is rented , the orchestra engaged . It 's now time to see if you can dance . Guinan , your people have been in this part of the galaxy . - Yes . - What can you tell us ? Only that if I were you , I 'd start back now . PICARD : Captain 's log , stardate 42761 .9 . Despite Guinan 's warning , I feel compelled to investigate this unexplored sector of the galaxy before heading back . Captain , the sixth planet in the system is class M. There is a series of roads on this planet which indicates a highly industrialized civilization . But where there should be cities , there are only great rips in the surface . It is though some great force just scooped all the machine elements off the face of the planet . It is identical to what happened to the outposts along the Neutral Zone . [ PANEL BEEPING ] Captain , we are being probed . - What is the source of the probe ? - A ship . - It is on an intercept course . - On-screen . Magnify . RIKER : Full scan . - Go to yellow alert . WORF : Going to yellow alert . RIKER : Keep the shields down . We don 't want to appear provocative . WORF : Aye , sir . Mr. Data , what can you tell us ? The ship is strangely generalized in design . There is no specific bridge , no command center . There is no Engineering section . I can identify no living quarters . - Life signs ? DATA : There is no indication of life . Lieutenant Worf , what is its alert status ? I detect no shields . No weapons of any known design . - Hailing frequencies . - Open . This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the U.S.S. Enterprise . No response . This is Captain Picard , representing the United Federation of Planets . Guinan , activate your viewscreen . I would like you to monitor what 's going on up here . I may need your input . I 'm here , captain . Viewscreen 's activated . I have the other ship . - You 're familiar with this life-form ? GUINAN : Yes . My people encountered them a century ago . They destroyed our cities . Scattered my people throughout the galaxy . They 're called the Borg . Protect yourself , captain , or they 'll destroy you . - Shields up . - Aye , sir . RIKER [ OVER PA ] : All decks , stand by . Security , report to main Engineering . We have an intruder . Lieutenant ? Status ? It seemed to make a visual survey of the engine course , sir . Then it moved in here . Interesting , isn 't it ? Not a he , not a she . Not like anything you 've ever seen . An enhanced humanoid . What is it you want ? We mean you no harm . Do you understand me ? Understand you ? You 're nothing to him . He 's not interested in your life-form . He 's just a scout , the first of many . He 's here to analyze your technology . He may attempt to gain control of the ship . I wouldn 't let him . Stop ! I cannot allow you to interfere with the operation of this ship . Mr. Worf . Ensign . [ GRUNTS ] [ SYSTEMS POWERING DOWN ] Mr. Worf , use whatever means to neutralize the invader . Because her people had contact with the Borg , I have requested Guinan to participate in this conference . You are aware of what occurred just now in main Engineering . Yes . What happened between your people and the Borg ? I wasn 't there personally . But from what I 'm told , they swarmed through our system . And when they left , there was little or nothing left of my people . Guinan , if they were that aggressive , why didn 't the Borg attack ? They could have but they didn 't . They don 't do that individually . That 's not their way . When they decide to come , they 're gonna come in force . They don 't do anything piecemeal . Then the initial encounter was solely for the purpose of gathering information ? Yes . How do we reason with them ? Let them know that we 're not a threat ? You don 't . At least , I 've never known anyone who did . WORF [ OVER COM ] : Captain , we are being hailed . On-screen . This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the U.S.S.- - BORG : We have analyzed your defensive capabilities as being unable to withstand us . If you defend yourselves , you will be punished . PICARD : Hmm . Counselor ? TROI : We 're not dealing with an individual mind . They don 't have a single leader . It 's the collective minds of all of them . That would have definite advantages . Yes , a single leader can make mistakes , which is far less likely in the combined whole . Q [ ON SCREEN ] : Picard . Whew . Picard , are you sure you don 't want me as a member of your crew ? WORF [ OVER COM ] : Captain , the Borg have locked onto us with some form of tractor beam . We 're on our way . [ RED ALERT SOUNDING ] Report , lieutenant . WORF : That beam is draining our shields . If they pull down our shields , we 're helpless . Warp 8 , any heading . Engage . [ PANEL BEEPING ] Captain , the beam is holding us here . - Increase the power . - Shields weakening . Shields will be down in 1 8 seconds . Locate the exact source of that tractor beam . - Lock on phasers . - Phasers locked on target . Fire . They still have us . Shields are down , sir . A type of laser beam is slicing into the saucer section . They 're carving us up like a roast . With whatever force necessary , terminate that beam . Fire when ready . Again , Mr. Worf . Tractor beam is released , sir . Force field is maintaining our hull integrity . - Damage report ? WORF : Coming in , sir . Sections 27 , 28 , 29 on Decks 4 , 5 and 6 destroyed . PICARD : Casualties ? Eighteen were in that section and are missing . What is the condition of the alien ship ? They have sustained damage to 20 percent of their vessel . Life support 's minimal . Conference . I can 't keep the shields up . Divert power from anywhere you need it . Anywhere except for life support . No , no , it wouldn 't help . The circuits that control the shields , they 've been fused . If you can 't reprogram , then reroute . Eighteen people . - Dead just like that . - I know . Just put it out of your head . - No , I can 't . I keep seeing them . - Sonya , stop it ! We 'll have time to grieve later . Now , right now , let 's just get these shields operating . Hmm ? Right , right . Of course . Guinan , how much more can you tell us about these creatures ? - Bits and pieces . - Anything would help . They 're made up of organic and artificial life which has been developing for thousands of centuries . The Borg is the ultimate user . They 're unlike any threat your Federation has ever faced . They 're not interested in political conquest , wealth or power as you know it . They 're simply interested in your ship , its technology . They 've identified it as something they can consume . You brought us here . You exposed us to it and you cost us the lives of our shipmates . Oh , please . Number One . Eighteen of our people have died . Please , tell us this is one of your illusions . Oh , no . This is as real as your so-called life gets . LA FORGE [ OVER COM ] : This is Lieutenant La Forge , captain . We 've been able to restore power to the shields . Very good . WORF [ OVER COM ] : Captain , I have the casualty list coming on-screen . Cancel . We 'll deal with that later . If we 're going to have any further dealings with the Borg now or in the future , I think we should find out all we can about them . - Visit the ship ? - In my opinion , that 's the only choice . - Assemble a minimal away team . - GUINAN : What ? Mr. Worf , Transporter Room 3 . Data . I wouldn 't go there if I were you . I don 't know , they paid us a visit . It seems only fair that we return the courtesy . PICARD : Captain 's log , supplemental . We have been attacked without provocation by an alien race which Guinan calls the Borg . It appears that we have neutralized their vessel . Commander Riker is leading an away team in an attempt to learn more about them . There are no life sign readings . I 've laid in coordinates that should set you down in the least damaged section of the Borg ship . Set phasers on stun . Be ready to increase power in case we need it . Energize . I wonder why they don 't react to us . Or why the Enterprise didn 't read any life signs , especially with this many of them . Perhaps because the ship was being scanned for individual life signs . Apparently , when they are in these slots they become a part of the whole and no longer read as separate life-forms . - Captain ? - Go ahead , Number One . RIKER : Our readings were incorrect . The Borg crew survived . They appear to be in some kind of stasis . PICARD : Explain . - There are slots along the wall , kind of like compartments . There are two Borg in each one . Captain , I would theorize that the Borg are somehow interconnected through these slots and are working collectively . We 're gonna try to access their main computer . Commander , I believe each slot is designed for a specific Borg . Here is where the connection is made . Like a juggernaut . It could begin moving at any moment . The technology required to achieve this biological and artificial interface is far beyond our capabilities . - There are many advantages . - Speed being the most obvious . This ship literally just thinks what it wants and then it happens . [ FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ] Fascinating . They either don 't see us or don 't see us as a threat . - Transporter chief ? - O 'Brien here , captain . PICARD : If your fix on the away team wavers in the slightest , beam them back immediately . Count on it , sir . [ BABIES CRYING ] Captain , this is incredible . We 've entered what appears to be the Borg nursery . PICARD : Describe it . From the look of it , the Borg are born as a biological life-form . It seems that almost immediately after birth they begin artificial implants . Apparently the Borg have developed the technology to link artificial intelligence directly into the humanoid brain . Astounding . Commander ? - What is it ? - The ship appears to be regenerating . Perhaps this explains why they have not taken notice of our presence . Their collective effort is being directed into repairing this vessel . Captain , the Borg seem to be using their combined power to repair the ship . Transporter chief , beam the away team directly to the Bridge . Let 's get the hell out of here . Warp 8 . Now , Mr. Crusher . Engage . Captain , the Borg are in pursuit . On-screen . Magnify . RIKER : Increase to 1 0 to the third power . - It 's continuing to regenerate . - Let 's see if we can outrun them . Mr. La Forge , I want maximum warp for as long as we can hold it . Yes , sir . We are now passing warp 8.5 . Eight point eight . Warp 9 . Arm the photon torpedoes . Let 's see if we can slow them down . Torpedoes armed . Fire . They had no effect . LA FORGE [ OVER COM ] : Bridge , this is Engineering . We are now at warp 9.65 . The Borg are still gaining . They will follow this ship until you exhaust your fuel . They will wear down your defenses . Then you will be theirs . Admit it , Picard , you 're out of your league . You should have stayed where you belonged . PICARD : Captain 's log , supplemental . We are unable to maintain the gap between the Enterprise and the Borg ship . LA FORGE [ OVER COM ] : Engineering to Bridge . Go ahead . LA FORGE : You 've got all we can give you . I understand , Mr. La Forge . Captain , the enemy vessel is firing on us . There are no reports of any damage to the Enterprise . Captain , the target was not the ship . The weapon was designed to drain the shields . Confirmed , shield effectiveness has been reduced 12 percent . WESLEY : Captain , the Borg ship is closing . They 're firing again . Shields have been reduced 41 percent . Another hit and we will be defenseless . - Arm the photon torpedoes . - Torpedoes armed . Fire the photons . The Borg ship was not damaged . You can 't outrun them . You can 't destroy them . If you damage them , the essence of what they are remains . They regenerate and keep coming . Eventually you will weaken . Your reserves will be gone . They are relentless . The Borg ship is firing . We have lost shields again . Captain , we 've just lost the warp engines . Q : Where 's your stubbornness now , Picard ? Your arrogance ? Do you still profess to be prepared for what awaits you ? The Borg ship is re-establishing its tractor beam . - Lock on photon torpedoes . - WORF : Yes , sir . Without our shields , at this range there is a high degree of probability that a photon detonation could destroy the Enterprise . Prepare to fire . I 'll be leaving now . You thought you could handle it . So handle it . Q , end this . [ SPEAKS IN FRENCH ] What makes you think I 'm either inclined or capable to terminate this encounter ? If we all die , here , now , you will not be able to gloat . You wanted to frighten us . We 're frightened . You wanted to show us that we were inadequate . For the moment , I grant that . You wanted me to say " l need you " ? I need you . Position . Zero seven zero , mark six three , sir . Back where we started . Q : That was a difficult admission . Another man would have been humiliated to say those words . Another man would have rather died than ask for help . I understand what you 've done here , Q. But I think the lesson could have been learned without the loss of 1 8 members of my crew . If you can 't take a little bloody nose , maybe you ought to go back home and crawl under your bed . It 's not safe out here . It 's wondrous , with treasures to satiate desires both subtle and gross . But it 's not for the timid . Mr. Crusher , set course for the nearest starbase . Course laid in for Starbase 83 , sir . Engage . Q set a series of events into motion , bringing your contact with the Borg much sooner than it should have come . Now , perhaps when you 're ready , it might be possible to establish a relationship with them . But for now , for right now , you 're just raw material to them . Since they 're aware of your existence ... They will be coming . You can bet on it . Maybe Q did the right thing for the wrong reason . - How so ? - Well , perhaps what we most needed was a kick in our complacency to prepare us for what lies ahead .
