 Screenwriters Jim and John Thomas on the origins of " Predator " : ( John ) Our parents read to us a great deal when we were young , and that included some of the classic mythological stories starting with the Brothers Grimm , the fairy tales . Those were our favourites . We were fascinated . ( Jim ) We 've always had an interest in mythology . There 've always been creatures or characters like the Predator . There 's the Cyclops , the Minotaur , Goliath , the Grendel in Beowulf . They always represent the darkness . The original conceit of the story was " What would it be like if human beings were hunted by dilettante hunters , the way humans hunt big game in Africa ? " In exploring that , we tried to use all the elements of hunting that we knew about : Stalking , mimicking the calls of its prey and choosing the most dangerous species . The most dangerous species for an extraterrestrial hunter would be humans . The most dangerous humans are combat soldiers . Stalking was where the whole camouflage idea came from because hunters use camouflage to stalk everything else . We completed the screenplay in September ' 83 and sold it in early ' 84 . The process we used then , and have always used , is to just start spitballing ideas . We build an outline from that . Then a more extensive outline to the point where we 've pretty well fleshed everything out . One thing that was very important to us , and it has been in anything that we 've done , is knowing what the ending is . The ending is like the punch line to ajoke . If you have a good payoff , you can have a lot of fun with how you get there . We wrote the whole screenplay sitting out at the beach . We 'd stick an umbrella out there and just work . ( John ) There was a writer who lived next to Jim - Ernest Thompson , who wrote On Golden Pond . We used to look up about four storeys at his ivory-tower condominium . Meanwhile , he 'd be looking down at us while we 're both scribbling away . ( Jim ) He finally couldn 't stand it one day . He came down and told us how jealous he was ... ( John ) That we were sitting out there on the sand and he was stuck up there in his office ! The screenwriters discuss the research they conducted : ( John ) We researched the structure and operating parameters of a Special Forces team : What kind of aircraft and tactics they would use , how they would leave the aircraft , if they would parachute or do what we chose - a quick-line rappel which has been used since Vietnam - and lastly , their combat techniques when they 're attacking a much larger force . We learned a lot from guys who we 'd known who 'd been doing this . Also from people who we knew that were involved with the Central Intelligence Agency . We picked up some ideas of the operations that the CIA had been detailing and running over the years in Central America . ( Jim ) At that particular time , there was so much stuff going on in Central America . If this had been before that , it would have been Vietnam . ( John ) We were hearing reports that US advisers were down in that area but that was being kept very quiet . Since that time , we 've learned a great deal , that there were American Special Forces down there operating . ( Jim ) We were told on deep background that American Special Forces had actually engaged Russian advisers , who were Russian Special Forces , in combat . ( John ) They were also using the C-130 gunships at night . During the day , the advisers would go in and locate these camps . Then at night , the gunships would come in and annihilate those places . That was all secret , but it 's since been revealed . Editor Mark Helfrich on the helicopter sequence : ( Helfrich ) Looking at Predator again , the only thing I thought was too long was " Long Tall Sally " playing in the helicopter scene for ever . I thought " God , this is going on a bit . " " Maybe we don 't need so many shots of the helicopters flying through the air . " I had a lot of cool helicopter shots , so I wanted to use them . I guess I was influenced by Apocalypse Now that day . Casting Director Jackie Burch : ( Burch ) I 'm brought in after they know they 're making the movie . All we had was Arnold . When I read the script , the first thing I evaluated was that I needed actors who had been Vietnam vets so they could survive in the jungle . At the time , there was a play out about Vietnam - that 's where I found Richard Chaves . As for Jesse the Body , his agent Barry Bloom called up and said " You 've got to meet him . " I said " Can he act ? I really like good actors and I don 't like lunkheads . " He turned out to be a doll and a good type for this movie . He was physically great for this . And he did really well when he read , which was important to me . What I like to bring to action movies is really good actors . You can 'tjust have the same formula for every action movie and expect it to work . Each one has its own special needs . Die Hard was a totally different kind of action movie to cast . I needed an intellectual heavy , while Reginald Veljohnson added warmth and played off Bruce really well . With Predator , they were good actors and good survivors . I went after people who had had military training to make it more realistic and easier for the production . ( Jim Thomas ) I know Jesse Ventura was a Navy SEAL and did a couple of tours in Vietnam . Richard Chaves had been there . He was with the 101st Airborne , so a lot of memories came flooding back . That definitely influenced the cast . Bill Duke hadn 't had combat experience . Carl Weathers was a great athlete . He 'd played in a professional football league . He 's a consummate professional , he really picked up on the element of the tortured CIA agent . Mac and Blain were a team within themselves . In interviewing people , we found out there are relationships that develop like that . There are things like flasks or cigarette lighters with emblems with the campaigns they were involved in . Those things become almost like totems . They 're handed around and dealt with with great respect because of where they came from and the price that was paid to earn them . Stunt Coordinator / Second-Unit Director Craig Baxley remembers his first impressions of John McTiernan : ( Baxley ) He was very confident . Seemed to have a lot of great ideas . And as a good filmmaker , it 's wonderful to have ideas but you also have to know how to execute . Baxley cites working with the helicopters : We only had those helicopters for four days . Two days for first unit and two days for second unit . John had to do one thing : Bring the helicopters in , and get the guys out . As we all know , filmmaking 's not a perfect science . Sometimes it 's about making the right choice . He shot with the helicopters for 3 ½ days , and they were leaving that day . With helicopters , you usually want to do your aerial work in the morning before the winds come up , especially down there . I got the helicopters around 12.00 . We shot all those aerials and the rappelling sequence in a half-day . Everybody disses TV , but had I not had - and I hate to say this - a TV second-unit crew that had worked so well together , we could not have accomplished it . We only had one chance at the repelling sequence . Film Journalist / Historian Eric Lichtenfeld : Prior to " Predator " , director John McTiernan had directed only one feature , " Nomads " . By 1987 , however , Australian cinematographer Donald McAlpine was already well-established in his craft . Here he shares his thoughts on the difference between working with an American director and an Australian one , and on working with an inexperienced director as opposed to an experienced one : ( McAlpine ) Directors are all obsessed people . And they 're all individuals . The fact that they 're born in the wrong place doesn 't make a difference at all . Note that McAlpine doesn 't specify which is the " wrong " place ! ( McAlpine ) As a surviving professional cinematographer , my job is to study the director and find out what he needs and what he doesn 't . My very un-politically correctjoke is that I 've had more virgin directors than I 've had virgin women . McAlpine also claims that he enjoys helping young directors learn : John was the most precise director I 'd ever worked with . To compensate for his inexperience , he researched . He knew in his mind almost every frame that would go on screen ... and it did go on screen . He was extremely well prepared . He was very communicative . We really had a ball . Each day we 'd drive back from location , which took about ¾ an hour . We 'd go through the successes and failures of the day , prepare for the next ... and try to demolish a bottle of Scotch . Predator was actually a flawed situation . There 's not much light on the jungle floor . On the other hand , that adds depth . Whether they 're photographed by Don McAlpine , Jan de Bont or Peter Menzies , McTiernan 's movies always feature powerful compositions . In this shot , Dutch , Poncho and Dillon are all pressed to one side , rather than spread across the frame . The image shows the commandos both blending with their environment and also under pressure from it . As the movie progresses , vines and other objects will stab their way into the foreground between the camera and the characters , increasing the audience 's feeling of claustrophobia as the commandos go deeper into the jungle and into danger . ( John Thomas ) We did have a profile on each character : Where they 'd been , background experiences they 'd had , the kind of work they 'd done . I think in one of the early drafts , while Dutch was in a delirious state , he had a flashback to an embassy takeover that they 'd done . The movie is not just one genre or another . It has elements of science fiction , horror and combat films . In " Predator " , the chief element of the combat film is the platoon itself . In the cavalry westerns which preceded and influenced the combat film , one member of the group was often an Indian who had an intimate , almost mystical relationship with the landscape . ( John Thomas ) You find that with Billy the Tracker . Often , you 'll find someone working with them who could be from the region . Billy knew so much about the jungle . He 's well versed in how it operates . The filmmakers exploit this device in a number of ways . Here , they use it not only to establish Billy 's expertise , but also to augment the movie 's suspense . Here , the drip-drip-drip sound expands our sense of space and with it our feelings of exposure , of vulnerability . What makes " Predator " so satisfying is that it 's equally committed to delivering suspense as it is action . Editor John Link describes the relationship between action and suspense : I 'm an old-fashioned guy , and I think one accelerates the other . So when you play a long shot , and it plays and plays , then cut in and chop-chop-chop-chop-chop , I think it 's sensational . But you can 't chop-chop-chop . Look on television . I mean , Jesus Christ , I keep seeing certain ads , I have no idea what they 're about . Go look at Bruckheimer 's films . You haven 't got a clue where you are . Jerry 's a neat guy , but when you hire this director , whatever the hell his name is , he will not stay on one shot for more than five seconds . Illustrating Link 's point , the cutting employed when Billy finds the bodies is a counterpoint to the earlier , more lingering shots . ( Jim Thomas ) The Predator is not so much of a monster . He 's a dilettante , a hunter . This is just what he does . ( John ) The creature was descended from a long line of a warrior society . Obviously , he wasn 't a game hunter , he was in this for trophies . It has the same implications for his kind and his society as it does on our world . We were trying to convey that it had high meaning for him . ( Jim ) We realised that the more of the creature you reveal , the quicker the audience is liable to get bored . The mystery is in keeping Jaws underwater , in Alien , keeping the visual down to a bare minimum . We came up with the idea of layering the reveal of the Predator : First through his vision , then through camouflage , then by showing you what he actually looked like , then the final payoff was underneath the helmet that there was a living organic thing with a mind . There was one shot that we were disappointed that didn 't make it into the movie . It was the very first reveal that there was this something out there . Arnold 's team was moving out of the jungle quietly and they 'd camouflaged themselves . As they pass by , they stir up this flock - I guess they 're flocks - of butterflies . One of the butterflies comes back and lands on a tree limb . It fans its wings for a moment , then picks up and leaves . The image of the butterfly stays on the branch , and then the branch moves . It 's the Predator 's arm with the butterfly , camouflaging itself , reacting to it . They shot it , but at the time they had to do it with an optical camera . They thought itjust wasn 't good enough , so it didn 't make it in . Co-Supervising Sound Editor Richard L Anderson : I was impressed when the guerilla executes the CIA guy . Even though we 're seeing it through binoculars , you hear the distance . It 's this relatively light little crack . Like when you fire a small-calibre bullet . In a way , it was more horrifying than a lot of movies where people get shot in slow-motion and their blood very artistically splatters in just the right place . This looks like a snuff film , like McTiernan had tricked some poor actor into really getting shot ! Stunt Coordinator / Second-Unit Director Craig Baxley : The guy who gets shot in the head , Steve Boyum , I got into the business . I met him on Rollerball . We were both the same age . Co-Supervising Sound Editor David Stone : This was my first opportunity - thank you , Richard - to co-supervise a track . I had just seen Platoon . I was struck by how , in handling the military in the jungle , the foley people had not created a sense of crackling leaves that sounded like old quarter-inch tape . Instead , all of the green , lush leaves of the jungle sounded fresh and alive . So I wanted to work with those people . It turned out to be Vanessa Ament and Robin Harlan . We put them on the foley stage and , before each session , we would walk around the neighbourhood and steal fresh foliage from trees and plants in people 's yards . And Vanessa got that real jungle sound like she had in Platoon . ( Anderson ) Some of the foley wasn 't strictly realistic , but it worked dramatically . These guys are such good commandos , they can sneak through a pile of dead leaves and no one can hear them . In some cases , it is the second-unit director who shoots a movie 's action sequences . ( Baxley ) Joel wanted me to write and construct a shot list for all the action as I did on The Warriors , when Joel and I first worked together . Not necessarily in script form , but in terms of blocking it , so he could get a feel for the sequence . Initially , the schedule allocated four weeks for the guerilla encampment . Joel was concerned that the first unit was falling behind . So he said " Make a pass at it . " Jim and John Thomas were cool with it , so I did . I said " How much time do I have to shoot it , Joel ? " He said " How much do you need ? " I said " First unit had four weeks . " He smiled and said " How about a week ? " I said " What about the cast ? " He said " First unit needs them . " " Figure out a way to shoot it with one actor at a time and I 'll make sure they 're there . " Special Effects Coordinator Al Di Sarro first worked with Baxley and Unit Production Manager Beau Marks on " The A-Team " . Baxley and Marks persuaded Joel Silver to hire Di Sarro for " Predator " , which would be Di Sarro 's first film . His next would be " Die Hard " , reuniting him with McTiernan . Both films would earn Oscar nominations for Best Visual Effects . Here , Di Sarro remembers working with Baxley on this sequence : Craig Baxley ? Work of art . He spent weeks while we were prepping and filming the first-unit stuff . It 's archaic now because we have the laptops , but everything you got from Baxley was eloquently written on a yellow legal pad . Beautiful handwriting . Very legible . His shot list was almost a mini-script . You could read it and see it in your mind . When the commandos come in and kill all the guerillas , that 's where I learned words like " In scene 53 will be the demise of ... " ( Baxley ) In the end , I was a bit disappointed . There 's another minute to that sequence but I was told it was too violent . In the original cut when the truck blows up , an adjacent fuel dump goes up . It was a truly amazing visual : An area 100 feet by 100 feet filled with fire , seven stuntmen caught up as it engulfed them all doing full-burns . Another cut : Two stuntmen starting the helicopter , Bobby Bass runs in on fire . Through the windshield , we see fire wrapping his entire body and face - the stuntman had gel on . He 's pounding on the windscreen " Help me ! Help me ! " As he 's caught up in an onslaught of bullet hits . He 's shot and he falls out of frame and the guys are still trying to take the helicopter up . Nobody had ever seen anything like this . I thought Jim and John had written an incredible screenplay , And throughout preproduction , I thought we were all making the same movie . War is aawul , horrific , and I was under the impression that that was the movie we were making . John never wanted me to shoot that sequence . He stressed we weren 't making a war movie . ( Di Sarro ) We actually started detonating fireball explosions on their chests . Those were very effective . A lot of partial burns , a lot of full burns . We had gotten to the point where we were detonating gas explosions into the people . That was all through experience and testing - what size bomb and how to wrap it . For the most part , stunt guys , if they don 't know who the effects guy is , are very protective of their people . They will apply the stunt gel and prepare the wardrobe for full burn . And they 'll bring their guy out ready to be glued . In a lot of cases , I 've seen a lot of stunt guys even apply the glue , and light them . I had such a relationship with all these stunt people that they came to me for all that stuff . If I told them " The stunt gel will be there tomorrow morning . Go home " , that was done , because there would probably be ten times more stunt gel than they 'd need , in iced coolers . And all of the wardrobe , all of the Nomex underwear , will already have been dipped in gel and put in ice buckets . Believe me , when those guys have that kind of trust in you they 'd just as soon have you do it , because they have a lot more time to party . In the type of heat you 'd experience in Mexico , once you dressed the stuntman up , you look for certain things . You want to see that he 's shivering . The bottom jaw needs to shake from cold . Because an experienced stuntman , who 's cool , won 't sweat from nerves . You can almost rest assured he has at least five minutes on the air bottle . They use a seven-minute air bottle , but I 've never found a seven-minute bottle that 's seven minutes . Everybody breathes differently , OK ? Now , when you get somebody who 's nervous , you keep him in an air-conditioned area with an iced Nomex gelled suit on . You put on everything but the headpiece . Everybody 's got to be ready . You bring him out , put the mouthpiece on , the hairpiece on , put the air on , the headpiece on , seal it , glue him , go . Because a nervous guy ? Two things : He will suck that air bottle in a minute and a half . Now he 's out of air . And he 's on fire . And the first response , whether you 're on fire or not , is to get the headpiece off to get air . Now what happens ? You burn . The other problem is if you don 't keep the body cold , it will sweat . Sweat causes pockets of water inside the suit . The heat from the fire boils the water in the suit and causes hot-water burns . When you glue them , you never glue places like the hinge point between the thigh and the knee or the elbows . The ears are very sensitive , the feet and hands are very sensitive . You put a little bit on the shoulders but you never really need to glue too much higher than the waist because the fire will rise . You want to keep the heat as cool as possible and the closer the source of the flame , the hotter the flame . So if you have a three-foot flame licking up , at the end of three feet you 're not as hot as you are at the start of it . Little tricks . The helicopter we saw destroyed was the same helicopter that had already been filmed hanging in the trees . Di Sarro refurbished it for the attack sequence . Jim and John Thomas : ( John ) The site of the guerilla encampment actually became a tourist attraction . ( Jim ) It 's still there . The burned-out helicopter is there , and a bunch of stuff . Despite the mayhem taking place on screen , the geography of the scene is always clear . Not only is our sense of space created by skilful direction and editing , but also , surprisingly , by the sound . Co-Supervising Sound Editor Richard L Anderson : There 's a problem in these kinds of movies you can fall into - overcutting . That 's when you cover everything , and with sound , by saying " While this event is happening , 30 other guys are shooting at each other offstage so we 're going to have 30 guns going off offstage . " The problem is you end up with this wall of noise and you can 't hear anything . It 's important to feature the key thing . ( Stone ) Richard Shorr laid out all those gunshots . The first thing we did was assign certain gun recordings to certain characters or groups of characters . Then he 'd map the thing out as he understood the geography of the scene . He assigned those guns and ricochets to tracks which would be dedicated to the speaker channel he wanted the sound to appear in , and then the mixers made it work . ( Stone ) The other layer of this effort , which I have to credit Shorr for doing , is very carefully articulating what surfaces bullets were hitting , whether it was a body , a metal rail , a wooden crate , a bunch of dirt or some leaves . All of that detail , even if it was as short as two frames in the movie , was covered . Jim and John Thomas , who were on location for four months : ( John ) One of the big problems was the heat vision . Something like that had never been attempted before . We had a thermographic heat-vision camera that actually ran on liquid nitrogen , and was married to the Panavision . Through the use of a beam splitter , 70 % of the image went to the thermographic video camera and 30 % went to the 35mm film camera . Visual Effects Coordinator Joel Hynek : The thermographic scanner had only half resolution of video . That was actually a benefit . It made the heat vision look more abstract . It 's like you 're seeing the thinking process of Predator . It 's like a fly 's vision : A million images you can 't comprehend but you know that somehow there 's a mind processing information . We had tested the thermographic camera . We had set up a greenhouse at R / Greenberg and raised the temperature to see at what point the camera could no longer distinguish a person from the surroundings . It was around 93 degrees . ( John Thomas ) We were working in 102 , 103-degree temperatures . The heat-vision camera had its own special cooling unit that was housed in a truck because the cables weren 't long enough , so for the aerial shots they brought in a crane and lifted the truck into the trees . It was pretty wild . ( Al Di Sarro ) We had to bring in water trucks and make ice water . We 'd spray all the foliage down to get it cold enough so that you read the heat from the body for all that stuff Greenberg did . According to Hynek , even after the jungle was initially hosed down , the camera still could not distinguish the actors from the environment . No one knew what had gone wrong until Hynek realised . ( Hynek ) These black trucks had been sitting in the sun . I said " Guys , cold water ! " In some of the long shots , like when Arnold throws down the cigar , the actors and the cigar would be from thermographic camera but the trees came from the optical camera . We 'd make that image blue because the coolest things in the Predator 's vision would have been blue . The idea was to blend the two images together to make it look like one , and now , on some shots , I can 't tell ! Co-Supervising Sound Editors David Stone and Richard L Anderson : ( Stone ) When we started this , we heard a simple premise : Arnold in the jungle and an alien . Arnold didn 't have the respectability he has now . So we thought " genre " , " stupid " , " let 's just make it loud and please Joel " . But Rich and I were both surprised at how artistically it was executed . ( Anderson ) Predator was originally dubbed in the Dolby SR format with mono surround . As I recall , I specialised in the backgrounds : The bird and animal sounds because the jungle was such a big part of it . ( Stone ) Richard orchestrated the life and the jungle activity that was so much a part of the story . Thatjust doesn 't happen from laying down a flat background . You have different birds and howler monkeys and they react to what the humans are doing . That 's Richard thinking through : " What would happen after they mowed down the jungle with that big gun ? " Would birds start tweeting right away ? I don 't think so . I should credit Andy Wiskes for the jungle recordings . ( Anderson ) A lot of which came from a movie originally called Lazaro and was released as Where the River Runs Black . ( Stone ) As far as we know , Lazaro was one of the first soundtracks made of almost entirely digital recordings . Andy , who recorded a lot of Grateful Dead stuff , was a great field recordist . He went into the jungle for that picture , not ours . He lugged a ¾ - inch video recorder all through the Brazilian jungle . He rated each recording with the number of mosquito bites it cost to get it . ( Anderson ) Though I think his was the bulk of the background , we had otherjungles in our library besides the Andy Wiskes 's stuff . From the basic jungles we had , I would pick the best stuff for the scene . I 'd make one stereo pair to go left-right across the front of the screen and another pair to go centre-surround , front to back of the theatre , to get a surround feel . Then I cut individual birds reacting to the people . Sometimes you 'd have the actors not reacting to anything , butjust looking around nervously . So I 'd put a monkey or bird call offscreen , and cause them to look in that direction . Editor Mark Helfrich : I was hired to edit Predator , which at that time was called Hunter . Midway through the shooting the movie was retitled " The " Predator . Shortly thereafter they settled on just Predator . I had an all-female crew , which is very bizarre for such a macho movie . Months of shooting went by , then the production was shut down . The studio wanted to evaluate how to proceed before starting up again . Most everything had been shot up to where Dutch was left to face the creature - everything except the creature . The incomplete film had to be edited and mixed in record time . So I brought on another editor . I called John Link and said " Do you want to come work on Predator ? " He said " Sure " and moved here from Colorado to do it . ( laughs ) ( Link ) I drove from Aspen , got to the studio ... ( Helfrich ) Yeah , in a beat-up , shitty ... He had the worst car . He should have put that car to rest years before he did . Billy is played by actor Sonny Landham . Al Di Sarro remembers working with Landham : ( Di Sarro ) Sonny Landham . ( laughs ) You get real close to Sonny , you can hear the fuse . Joel Silver hired a bodyguard for Sonny to make sure he was there in the morning , to make sure he didn 't do whatever he was doing from off-time to on-time . One night , Sonny almost threw him off the balcony of his room . The guy had to weigh almost 400 pounds ! He was huge ! And Sonny scared him . He came down and quit . Craig Baxley remembers working with Landham on " The Warriors " : I needed somebody in the subway I could throw a bat at , a line drive hitting him in the shins , pinwheeling him like a rag doll . Sonny Landham was definitely the right choice . Sonny got his SAG card on The Warriors for that one gag . Joel loved him so much , he put him in 48 Hrs and Predator . After Predator , Joel gave me my first shot at directing first unit on Action Jackson . During our casting sessions , he said " Do you mind using Sonny ? " I said " As what ? " He said " What else ? The heroin dealer . " I said " The guy who gets thrown out the window , across the alley and in through the window on the opposite side ? " Joel smiled . I said " Sure , he 'd be perfect . " ( Anderson ) People often forget that silence can be an extremely loud sound effect . ( Stone ) He knew that often the suspense of the story depended on the silence . This is one of the quietest macho action movies . Quite seriously . ( Anderson ) Dave , you dealt mainly with what we 'll call " hard effects " - the impacts . ( Stone ) And also worked with John P on the design stuff . ( Anderson ) That 's John P , as in P period . His official name is John Pospisil . He designed the Predator 's suit camouflage coming on and off . ( Stone ) We worked together on the snap to the Predator Vision . ( Anderson ) I know one of the elements was a whip crack . ( Stone ) I think John P came up with some tonal modifiers that gave it that angry , ugly darkness . ( Anderson ) What John tends to do is take a sound element and EQ , change the speed of it , play it backwards - that kind of thing . I always suspected that snap was stolen by Fox for that Hard Copy or A Current Affair show 's triangle logo sound . ( Helfrich ) We completed the cut in a couple of weeks , and showed it to the studio . This was basically my cut of the film . McTiernan hadn 't really gotten in there yet . As I recall , the purpose of screening it for the studio was that Joel had gotten the studio half-pregnant . He shot the majority of the film , but he didn 't shoot the creature ... which is the main thing ! So there was no backing out . He needed more money to get the film right . We showed it to the studio , the studio loved it . ( Baxley ) I think the original editor on it was brilliant . And his cut 's the movie . ( Helfrich ) During the hiatus , Craig Baxley got a movie to direct . He loved the attack scene that I cut , and he asked me to edit Action Jackson . Since it was another Joel Silver film , Joel said " Go ahead . " So I left Predator and went onto Action Jackson , leaving Link to finish it up . Craig Baxley and I ended up working together for several years on several films . Action Jackson was a lot of fun . Some films are of their period . And Action Jackson is so ' 80s . ( Link ) Basically , the entire film had been edited except for the end sequence and a couple of pick ups , so there was not that much to do except to go through and finesse everything . Helfrich 's work was absolutely wonderful . He did a fabulous job . I probably would not have changed one frame of what he did . John McTiernan had different ideas . So we reworked things . Not that it would be better , but it was somebody else 's interpretation . It was just a personality conflict , which I 've had many a time . According to Helfrich , the use of the original creature in this scene is what prompted the production shutdown . ( Helfrich ) It looked like a giant red lobster . You see this shot of this lobster , this guy in a red suit with these big claws dragging Shane Black , and it was just so hilarious . In the cut presented to the studio : ( Helfrich ) All the heat-vision stuff was already cut in . I came up with the idea of that zoom of that lens changing as he gets closer and closer . I used a piece of that heat vision that looked like the reflection of an eye and I put two frames in , then I think a black frame . Whatever I created was consistent throughout the whole film . Al Di Sarro on the film 's weaponry : The Mexico military had to keep the guns . Our weapons specialist would load them and , in fact , the military helped . We had that big GE , the Gatling gun that Jesse Ventura used . That was quite a rig . It never worked . They had nothing but problems with it , nothing but problems with the guns . The gun house , Stembridge , sent out a guy by the name of Mike Papac . We became , and still are to this day , the best of friends . He is now probably one of Hollywood 's top prop guys and probably one of the biggest owners of a large variety of weapons . He set up a work station in our special-effects trailer . Not only is that where we spend more time than we do in our homes , but it 's where all the creative thoughts and decisions are made , and mechanically and physically put into effect . He and I rebuilt the Gatling gun , got it working . There were a lot of old parts on the gun . We had to fabricate some new pieces . We had to retap , rethread some new holes , we rewired the thing , we simplified it . He tore the whole thing down . He actually field-stripped that weapon , which scared me because it was in so many pieces I didn 't think it would ever go back together . It was a real weapon , but there 's a lot that goes into making a studio gun an efficient gun . You don 'tjust put a blank in an automatic weapon and fire it . The blank doesn 't create enough gas in the chamber to eject the shell . What you have to do is drill the barrel out and tap it , and you put a plug in the end of the barrel and in that plug you drill a hole . What that does is restrict the gas . The right-size hole creates enough pressure in the barrel to eject the shell and it creates a bigger muzzle flash . Perhaps the movie 's most memorable sequence is the one in which the commandos unleash their fire power into the jungle . ( Di Sarro ) We called that the " mow-down " sequence . And we actually were out in thatjungle for two weeks , maybe more . We had a crew out there doing nothing but wiring explosives . We just let the good times roll on that one . It was awesome , wasn 't it ? We had thousands of SD-100s , from De La Mare Engineering , which is about the biggest charge you could set , and hundreds of feet of 100-grain primer cord which burns at a rate of 25,000 feet per second . That 's what was actually cutting the trees in half . That was one of Joel Silver 's favourite things . David Stone and Richard Anderson on the sound of the Minigun : ( Stone ) Whatever kind of blanks or propane gas that it shot to create the visual in production , they were very proud that it shot 400 rounds a minute . That means it 's a high-frequency event . The higher the frequency , the less alarming it sounds - it 's just a buzz . There 's nothing on our planet that comes as close to the sound of that gun as a gas-powered leaf-blower . The challenge was to make a gun that sounded macho and bitching and scary , that had enough low-end material to be foreboding , that would still appear to fire off nearly that many rounds . ( Anderson ) We used a US Army 50mm machine gun , mounted on a tank . The problem is , they don 't fire really fast . ( Stone ) We had to find a way to speed up their frequency without losing their fearsomeness . We tried cutting them close together , but if we cut them too close , we were back to sounding like the original . We cut a number of these . 50 calibres together , with sweeteners , and then had to layer them on tracks to multiply them . ( Anderson ) So it was staggered : One would go in the space between two others . Then we added in the spinning-barrel sound . That was sort of a signature sound , along with the explosive shooting sound . ( Stone ) To be fair , that was inspired by production recordings because the prop sounded that way , but we had to enhance it . ( Anderson ) It wasn 't as good - rather thin . ( Stone ) We put a little sound make-up on it . Everybody loves that moment . One of the filmmakers doesn 't remember the scene or the gun quite as fondly . Cinematographer Donald McAlpine : The Gatling gun fired directly into the hand-held camera - held by me . It was spewing flame and blast . Coming out is pressurised air and bits and pieces of who knows what . Three grips would stand behind me pushing forward against the blast . It was like sticking your head in an airplane engine . With all the thousands of shots , one mistake with a load and I 'm dead . The cameras were all set up , looking at ajungle set up to explode . I was on a tower 30 to 40 feet up . At that height , I was blown from one side of the tower to another by an explosion that was a little too close . There had been a language problem . It never happened again , though , I can tell you that ! ( laughs ) An important aspect of " Predator 's " sound design is its logic . The sound is imaginative , but it also reflects the design of the Predator 's technology . ( Stone ) We 've both done a lot of science fiction movies . Whenever we do a show , we talk about that stuff . Somehow the logic there was more the result of problem solving than something predetermined by a writer . A script might say : " He pulls out a medical kit and fixes the hole in his leg . " End of sentence . Well , some poor prop person had to figure out what to design and how to make it . ( Anderson ) It opened up , didn 't it ? It opened up and a section slid out . ( Stone ) We decided that hydraulics and pneumatics would be part of that because there would be this sense of air releasing , and we could also use stuff that sounded like crustacean plates . Vanessa used pieces of plastic and Samsonite to make his body feel organic . Sometimes we 're helping to complete the logic of the story . Part of what we do is to help the sleight of hand of the director . ( Anderson ) As I recall , we did a lot of the Predator 's screaming and yelling . But that sort of trilling sound that he makes , head dialogue editor Norman Schwartz 's people did . ( Stone ) I think of it as a lobster purring . It had a hard edge . ( Anderson ) I 'm pretty sure it was done vocally by somebody . Norman 's forte was looping people , working with actors . ( Stone ) He was one of the first people to specialise in that . ( Anderson ) The scene where the Predator takes his helmet off and confronts Arnold mano a crustaceo , those sounds were from us . They were animals of some sort . ( Stone ) And when he 's dying later , and gurgling , we worked on those vocals , also . We were crossing our disciplines . It wasn 't conscious or deliberate , itjust evolved this way . ( McAlpine ) We were a long way from the processing lab and there would be long delays in getting our dailies back . I 'd shoot down the middle and achieve the effects in the lab . That means shooting at a conventional exposure . The lab 's a wonderful tool . It should be used to enhance , but not as a recovery tool . The idea was to make the jungle a threat . To enhance the threat , the greens look more black . We used a metallic blue cast to kill much of the green . According to McAlpine , because " Predator " already employs blue , the night scenes do not have the same stark blue tint that can be seen in other Hollywood movies . When the pig attacks ... ( McAlpine ) We used an arc light swinging in a crane . We used the maximum exposure to make sure the information registered , then took it down in the lab . One crew member would be in the crane when the light flared . When it did , every insect in the jungle would attack the lights , flying to its doom . There would be a 12-foot ball of insects ! We 'd have someone up there every half-hour and they 'd all come down , insane over the insects ! Stunt Coordinator / Second-Unit Director Craig Baxley : Don McAlpine is one of the best DPs in the business . John was very fortunate to have him . I think he learned a lot . Who wouldn 't ? Don is a very talented and gifted man . Some say he took John to film school on Predator . Special Effects Coordinator Al Di Sarro 's thoughts on McAlpine : Very smart man . An interesting man . Actually in the process of building a home in Australia - underground . It was his dream . Screenwriters Jim and John Thomas : ( Jim ) We were down in Mexico for about four months during the shoot . We were delighted . It was our first experience with anything like this . Some scenes were reworked or eliminated because of time or budget , but a lot of it was just being around and dealing with the actors . We consulted with props , make-up effects and special effects about weapons , techniques and what this would look like . In that kind of situation , everybody had to rely on each other because the conditions were so arduous . ( John ) Poor Richard Chaves . He backed up against a tree between takes to take a rest . The tree was occupied by a colony of fire ants that crawled down the back of his costume and started attacking him . All of a sudden this guy was shrieking at the top of his lungs . We couldn 't figure out what was wrong . We finally had to tackle him . We tore his clothes off and there were these ants that had really taken a chunk out of him . So you have to be careful . It 's real jungle , it 's the real thing . ( Jim ) But it was a good experience all the way around . John McTiernan is widely acknowledged as an excellent craftsman . As such , he communicates information visually , as in this shot . Though Dutch doesn 't move at first , the camera puts him in a new position as his mind-set changes . McTiernan uses the camera similarly with Jan de Bont in " Die Hard " and with Peter Menzies in " Die Hard with a Vengeance " , among others . Stunt Coordinator / Second-Unit Director Craig Baxley : John McTiernan 's attitude was actually an incentive . It drove us to get that amount of work done in that short a time . We didn 't have stuntmen going back to their trailers . They were digging holes , helping the effects men , anything to help get it done . We all knew we had something special . That 's the way I worked , and those are the kinds of people I hire . I don 't want prima donnas . It wasn 't a show for prima donnas . I 've always gravitated towards intelligent , gifted athletes who share a passion for concepts that create the illusion of something new . Al Di Sarro on the relationship between a Special Effects Coordinator and a Stunt Coordinator . That relationship is an extremely important one because it can affect the outcome of some very dangerous gags . I look to them to find out what their needs are and I look to my department to service their wants . We were a finely oiled machine . Craig Baxley quickly earned the respect of my whole crew . I don 't think there was ever a day that Mr Baxley didn 't have time to come to the back of that effects truck and thank everybody . When we 'd break for lunch , my guys would get some food in ' em and go right back to work . And they 'd be doing it for the Bax . Screenwriter John Thomas remembers working with Baxley : His nickname down there was " Dude Commando " . That was a name Al Di Sarro coined for him . Baxley had a silver pompadour , and was always wearing jungle fatigues . ( Jim Thomas ) " Dude Commando " . He 's a great guy . ( John Thomas ) It stuck . ( Baxley ) One day , when the guy comes out on fire and Carl shoots him , Al had gotten all the stunt guys together . They wrote this song called " Dude Commando " . While we 're setting up this huge sequence , they march out singing this song . That was Aldo . ( Di Sarro ) The song was awesome . ( laughs ) The song was composed and written by Leon Delaney as I remember , performed eloquently by the whole stunt department , and backed up by the effects crew . ( laughing ) Di Sarro on the Mexican jungle versus a Hollywood stage : I had two Mexican effects coordinators : Jesus and Jobie Duran . I don 't think I ever worked with a group that had so little and worked so hard . I learned that it 's incredible what you can do with very little when you use good ingenuity . Where I would use nuts and bolts , aircraft cable , Nicopress tools , these people would take baling wire and tie things down that you couldn 't move with an earthmover . It was amazing . We basically had to hack our way through , make paths . If you wanted to rig bullet hits up in a tree , and that tree was 40 feet tall , you would nail 2x4s to the tree , and climb up , then nail a few more . You 'd build your steps as you climbed . We had to put the net up there . That net was also very interesting . I had two peones at the gymnasium when we were prepping and they both slept under the truck at night , they had no home . I paid them in American money . Three dollars a day . Well , the production designer , John Vallone , was concerned about who was going to build that net , the price of it and everything else . He came to me and it ended up in my lap . All I asked of his department was that they send the peones out and supply those vines . So a few days later , there 's this huge stack of vines all coiled up . I took some of those vines and laid out three going one way , and took some and laid them out perpendicularly , and I said " Grande " . The second day , the gymnasium floor was covered in this net . I gasped . " How are we going to get it out ? It 's huge . " Vallone saw it and said " How much did this cost ? How many guys did this ? " I said " Two . " We had to stop ' em ! We had to cut it down ! They wanted to gimbal the helicopter our commandos were flying in . In the gym , they had a real helicopter fuselage laying on its side , in a heap . Jesus Duran said " Señor , I think there 's a crane on the side of the gym ... " Well , he had the crane arm punch through the brick wall of the gymnasium . Then , Jesus , Jobie and their families took a piece of old cable and Crosbys and put it around the engine . And they picked the helicopter up . Then they put some sandbags in the back of it to balance it . Then they took 2x4s and wired them to this fuselage so we could lift it . We put 20 people around it and we made a gimbal in about three hours . You know you did something right when they roll the camera in , look at a rehearsal and somebody says " Let 's shoot it . " That 's like music to your ears . Editor Mark Helfrich : There were some scenes where I had to create something out of ... not much . One was that scene where the Predator gets trapped in the net . I have shots of the net swinging that I printed backwards and upside down . Because all they did was shoot a net going up , and that was it . There was nothing that showed any kind of action inside the net . That 's one place I can remember pulling out all the stops , speeding it up , flopping it , printing it backwards and forward again . Later they added the laser stuff . That was one scene made out of trickery . ( Di Sarro ) Isn 't that neat ? And you know how we made the net snap up ? We got 55-gallon drums and hoisted ' em up into the tree . Then we went up with a water hose from the water truck and filled ' em with water . That 's how we did that . The water jugs would fall and the net went up . Al Di Sarro continues : John McTiernan was a new director . And you needed to be able to get into his mind to see how he thinks He was a lot more knowledgeable than I gave him credit for going in . And I had to learn that the hard way . Aside from working with his actors , he also was thinking of the mechanics of the gags . He always wanted to know " What 's your feeling on this ? " And I would tell him . Most of the time , I was there . But more than one time was I in the process of rigging something when he 'd make a suggestion that turned my head and made me say " That would be a lot easier , better way to do that . I have to be honest . " We didn 't understand . I 'd just come off of The A-Team with Baxley who we used to call " Bax to the Max " . His attitude was " How big can it get ? " That 's not McTiernan 's attitude . He has a particular vision of what he wants to see , and it wasn 't always bigger is better . He 'll give you the time and the chances to let you find it , and when you found it , it works . Screenwriter John Thomas on the Predator 's camouflage effect : Jim had an idea in the form of a dream he had . In the dream , he was peering into an ovoid chrome room through a hole . Inside the room was a little man who was made out of chrome . You couldn 't see him - he was reflected everywhere at once - until he moved . Then you saw this leading edge of his physical being , and that 's all . That began the fascination with what this thing looked like and what its capabilities were . We envisioned it as a physical adaptation . In the film it was basically a suit . ( Helfrich ) I was on the film before they started shooting . We had done some visual-effects tests for the creature 's invisibility effect . We saw several tests . One was just a single warp . We chose the concentric configuration of warps as being the most interesting and the most visible . Because a lot of the shots would be really long shots , the creature would be really small . You 'd have to have enough of an effect to see anything . Nowadays this effect is rather commonplace , but then it was revolutionary . The Predator 's camouflage effect was created by dressing an actor in a red spandex suit , which stood out from the background . Because the suit was the only red element in the frame it could in essence be pulled out of the image , leaving behind a silhouette . To enhance the suit 's redness , it was lit with red lights . During production , the crew would shoot a first take of the action with the red-suited actor . In additional takes the camera 's movement would be repeated , but without the actor and with a wider lens . Visual Effects Coordinator Joel Hynek : Everything was done optically in those days . We 'd start with the photography of the red suit in the jungle . From that we 'd pull a silhouette matte . Then from that we 'd pull an opposite matte , where the Predator 's clear . The clear mattes would be pulled from footage shot with the wider lens . The wider lens created images of the background that were a different size than those captured in the first take . Hynek would take the clear mattes and divide them into between eight and 15 concentric rings , progressing towards the centre - what he calls " inline mattes " . The background inside the clear matte would be of a different size and , because Hynek had divided the clear mattes into concentric rings , the Predator seems to be invisible while also bending the light of the background . To enhance the three-dimensionality of this effect , R / Greenberg 's optical crew would change the size of the rings : The outer ones would be smaller while the inner ones would be wider . All of this footage - usually three negatives - would be composited in an optical printer . ( Hynek ) Each shot would take as many as 15 passes . To create each inline required four passes . That 's 60 passes . And if you made a mistake on one , you had to chuck the whole thing . It required a lot of discipline to put those shots together . And back then you couldn 't see a shot as you were creating it . You 'd have to visualise it as you went along . The printer heads were motorised , driven by computers . We had a program that when the last photographic pass was finished , it would hit a microswitch . The microswitch would activate a tape recorder , which would wake up the sleeping operator by blaring " Feed me , Eugene ! " The machine guns Dillon carries are MP5s . The MP5 is one of the smaller weapons used in the film , but like all the weapons , its sound is distinctive . It emits a lethal little snap . Unlike Blain 's Minigun , or Dutch 's machine gun / grenade launcher , the MP5 does not sound like it 's trying to be impressive . ( Stone ) It doesn 't need to . ( laughs ) ( Anderson ) Orchestrally , we 'd decided the Minigun was like the bass section , like the tubas , and the MP5s would be like the trumpets . The MP5 would be featured in other Joel Silver movies , most prominently in John McTiernan 's next film " Die Hard " . In " Die Hard " , however , the same weapon sounds different - fuller , with more bass . Anderson explains : Not only do we have more than one recording of those guns , but on some of the guns , we have recordings from different perspectives . The other thing is , when you 're premixing , the mixer can EQ the guns and add reverb to match the space . Even if you had the exact same library-recording shot with the same mike , the dubbing mixers will make it fit the environment . Film Journalist / Historian Eric Lichtenfeld : This is a transitional sequence for " Predator " . Not only are we about to enter the third and final act , but the tone of the movie is shifting as well . We are leaving behind the technological and entering a much more primal adventure film . Billy 's stand and sacrifice embody this . The setting expresses this visually : Billy , alone , is perched halfway across the canyon , while his comrades have practically made it to the other side . Casting off his weapons and his clothes , he reduces himself to his most natural state to confront the Predator as though it were a force of nature . The ritualistic tone of this sequence predicts the primal battle Dutch will later enter . Similarly , the style of the editing here is a shade of the editing we will see as Dutch makes his preparations . Also , Billy 's death is the only one we don 't see happen . Throughout the movie , Billy has been the most mysterious character , which makes it fitting that his is the only mysterious death . The only image is a point-of-view shot of the jungle . It 's as if Billy is simply consumed by the jungle with which he shared a seemingly mystical relationship . Stunt Coordinator / Second-Unit Director Craig Baxley on Dutch 's slide through the brush : I was very passionate that the action on Predator should be cutting-edge and set the audience back on their heels . It was important to put the audience in the midst of the action . John McTiernan was going to put a rope on Arnold , drag him on the ground , and skew the angle on the trees . Instead , I suggested we take a hill , build the equivalent of a mini roller coaster , put tracks down the hill , build a small platform to accommodate Arnold , then mount a camera on the front looking back on him , have the greensmen dress the set with plants and bamboo . Then we 'd send Arnold down the hill . So the audience is with it , rather than on the outside looking in . Arnold laughed , said " Fuck you , I 'm not doing that . You ride it first . " I said " Trust me , you 'll be safe . " We were in Palenque . Resources were virtually nonexistent . To compound that , Al did not make the second trip . I had to improvise with local effects men . Now for a counterweight ... How do you stop Arnold Schwarzenegger coming down a hill ? At 20 miles an hour ? We took ten men and used them as a counterweight . We calculated the weight with a double so as he gets to the bottom , they just slowly lift a foot or two off the ground and gradually slow him . Yes , primitive , but sometimes the simplest , most basic way is the best . And the safest . We had hands-on control similar to the wirework being done today on pictures like Crouching Tiger and Iron Monkey . So we rehearsed it several times . Arnold watched and smiled . The double said " Man , this is the e-ticket . " Arnold said " This is fucking great ! OK , Bax , but if anything happens ... " Well , my fault : The double weighed about 20 pounds less than Arnold . So when Arnold went down that hill , and got to the last 25 % / of the track , I see the men going up , up , up , and they 're now , like , six or seven feet off the ground . I 've got stunt guys grabbing them and pulling them back down . The cart , nearing the end , was about to come up off the track . As the stuntmen pulled , the cart came back down . Arnold said " Craig ... " I said " There was never a question , Arnold . " " We knew exactly what we were doing . " Editor Mark Helfrich on cutting effects sequences without finished opticals : That 's an internal-pacing issue . I think editors have to go with their gut . There are so many films nowadays where you 're cutting against nothing , against a blue screen , against a creature that will be added later . You just have to imagine what 's going to be . When Poncho is shot in the head , I just kept cutting to a tree branch , but that pacing is the same that 's in the movie now . Co-Supervising Sound Editor Richard L Anderson : The problem in all these sci-fi movies is the opticals or special effects always come in at the last minute . Of course , a lot of times we have to cut sound effects to them . And we 're really down to the last moment because as late as they turn the optical over , we have to be later to add sound effects . Co-Supervising Sound Editor David Stone : My favourite thing was the shoulder gun . Remember how it moves independently when it aims at something ? It reminded us of Peter Sellers with a rubber parrot on his shoulder , so we ended up calling it the " parrot gun " . It had the most wonderful angry , science-fiction , sneering , spitting feel to it . When we first started seeing those opticals , McTiernan made a big point about how it was both organic and technological . ( Anderson ) When he has the helmet on , there 's a constant sound , a kind of a whirring , buzzing sound , which is the technology part . The other part is his heartbeat . ( Stone ) John P and I spent an afternoon squashing sponges in glass jars with our fists , mushing ' em in different solutions , trying to make what we imagined this alien heart would be . We were trying to come up with what people would perceive as a heartbeat but would be unfamiliar in some way , whether it was rhythm or pitch or something . ( Anderson ) I think it had real heartbeats mixed in , broken into a weird rhythm . ( Stone ) Then P did some sweetening and altering so it didn 't sound like John and Dave 's hands in ajar squooshing sponges . A sweetener is another sound effect which you 've crafted to work along with the original basic recording of an object to make it have the dramatic effect that you want . ( Anderson ) The musical equivalent would be if you were playing a piano and then said " I 'm looking for a bird quality to go with it . Let 's add a flute . " If the piano was the main thing , the flute would be a sweetener . ( Stone ) John P is also a visual artist . Sometimes , for science fiction stuff , we would communicate about the concept for a sound element by making little drawings to each other . I 'd say " It has to have a fat envelope here at the beginning , then it tapers down . " " This part is rizzy , this part is searing and hot . " We would talk like that and draw little unfinished cartoons about the way a sound would sound . ( Anderson ) Like you attempted to graph it ? ( Stone ) Not so much graph it as draw a childish version of what it would look like if you could see it in a cartoon world . ( Anderson ) John is in a cartoon world . ( Stone ) He very much is . He of course has a real genius ear . The way he bends and shapes sound to give it personality and character is unparalleled . Cinematographer Don McAlpine : Setting the traps and shooting it hand-held , necessitated my lying on my back for hours at a time . There was not a half-inch of my back without massive insect bites . Still , he finds this sequence the most " emotionally satisfying " . " You feel I am a hunter . " McAlpine is an avid outdoorsman . Here , he comments on how this might have affected his experience on " Predator " . Working in rough exteriors certainly didn 't phase me . I 'm a professional cinematographer , and arrogant enough to believe I can do anything . ( laughs ) I 've deliberately made choices in my career to avoid getting into a creative rut . The Hollywood word for it is " typecast " . I did Down and Out in Beverly Hills and got offered four dog scripts ! The camera is a manner of communicating all manners of things : Energy , emotion . When you put two up , you divide the magic . If the camera 's merely a recording tool you can put up 20 , but if you regard it as an artist 's tool , it 's best to use one . When forced to , I use a second camera but as peripheral to the main one . All I 'm doing is stimulating some cells in the back of someone 's eye . My real job is making that image connect with some thought process or emotion . You go through a stage in your career when you 're fascinated that you can simply record an image , like a rose . As your career develops , you 're trying to make that rose mean something . When McAlpine ended his interview for this DVD , he began a six-week excursion in the Australian outback . He intended to do some hunting . Screenwriters Jim and John Thomas : ( John ) In the original script , Dutch gets back to the camp and finds the ship . They have a battle there , in a clearing , in plain view of all of the trophies it 's assembled . He wounds the hunter mortally . As it tries to get into his ship and escape , Dutch kills it with one of its own weapons . ( Jim ) That was changed for budgetary reasons . And also for story . From the beginning , we were influenced fairly heavily by Heart of Darkness . The way we visualised it , once this team completed this mission they 'd been suckered into and realised that the only way out was through this trackless canyon , they went deeper and deeper into this jungle , and into the nightmare of dealing with this creature , to the point where you had only one person left . In our original story , the team leader was actually an American Indian who had gone against his tribal upbringing . He had become a soldier because he gained a lot of strength through that . It was his shield , covering up all kinds of things in his past . And after this near-death encounter with the Predator , he was nearly crazy . Actually , in his delirious dream state , there were a couple of flashbacks where he was remembering things from his youth as an Indian , being counselled on how to deal with the Spirit and the Earth and how to find his own strength . Really , that was what it was about : After all his weapons are stripped away , this man went to the deepest parts of himself and found a way to survive . To Arnold 's credit , before we went into production we got together , and he wanted to know who this character was . We described that . Visual Effects Coordinator Joel Hynek returned to the " Predator " production after the shutdown . Whereas before , he was one of four or five crew members from R / Greenberg , now he was the only one . ( Hynek ) The hiatus was valuable . We tested what we shot and we didn 't need red lights . The additional red lights had slowed down the crew , so McTiernan was relieved when Hynek told him that they could generate mattes using natural light . ( Hynek ) During the hiatus , we also came up with a manual repeat pass . I believe the first shoot was the first time motion control had been used in the jungle , but setting the motion control camera up in the jungle was a nightmare . We would get to the location at 4am . We were determined not to slow production down . Now we could do shots in half the time , if not one-third . Don Poynter was an animator who did rotoscoping for mattes and animated sparks . Don spelled his name out on the Predator 's arm , here . Animators do that all the time . Film Journalist / Historian Eric Lichtenfeld : As is usual for several of " Predator 's " genre , the movie did not receive overwhelming critical support . Many critics could not - or would not - see the artistry for the gore , the precise , fresh details for the conventional backdrops which they shape . Writing for the LA Times , however , Michael Wilmington saw McTiernan 's strengths - strengths the director would continue to develop and capitalise upon in his subsequent films . In his June 12 , 1987 review , Wilmington wrote : " Like many directors schooled in TVcommercials McTiernan has an interesting visual flair and he creates a mood here out of almost nothing : Crawling , belly-level tracking shots , heroic or statuesque angles , a bleak approach to violence , picturesque deep-foliage landscapes streaked with weird harsh light . The whole movie often jells on an almost abstract level , unrelated to its own story . " Wilmington qualifies Predator 's style in an interesting way . What he calls " abstract " might also be called " mythic " . One of Predator 's most unique aspects is its simplicity . Most movies - even , or rather , especially , action movies - get more complicated as they near the climax of the story , as all the elements start coming together . For McTiernan 's movies , this is true for " Die Hard " , " The Hunt for Red October " and " Die Hard with a Vengeance " , among others , whose third acts are each a much more complicated juggling act for the director , the screenwriters , the editor , etc . The opposite is true of this movie . Like a horror film , all has been stripped away : The complexity of the mission , Dutch 's manpower and fire power , until he and the Predator must face each other , both seeming like forces of nature . Given Jim and John Thomas 'influences , the confrontation between Dutch and the Predator resembles something like Hercules and the Hydra . The mud and improvised weaponry enhance the primal aspect of the story . Complimenting this is the sound design . In this last act , it is dominated by music and very precise sound effects . There is little dialogue . After all , what 's there to say ? Screenwriters Jim and John Thomas : ( John ) Our intent was to strip away elements of the modern , organised , socialised world to where itjust came down to primal instinct . ( Jim ) Here 's a guy who has the most technological weaponry and he 's reduced to covering himself with mud and making bows and arrows to fight something as primitive as life itself . That was the fun , getting to that point . Stripping away . ( Jim ) When Arnold came on , it was a surprise . We were always thinking a bit more of an everyman . Then , his interest in wanting to know the character and the story . It was great casting , but that 's what Joel does best , bringing those elements together . This stripping away is actually the inverse of how the movie operates throughout much of the first two acts . Essentially , the movie starts out as a military movie , which in itself gets increasingly complex . It then becomes more complicated as science fiction and horror blend in . Now , though , it 's simpler . In the third-act fight , typical action , combat or western movie structures are not imposed on the battle . Dutch is not fighting to stop a drug dealer or terrorist , take a bridge , or drive a villainous rancher out of town . Nothing is at stake beyond Dutch 's own survival . As the screenwriters have said , the Predator is not a monster . There is no higher morality in play here , not even something as basic as the subjugation of evil in which the hero 's success and survival play an integral part . And yet we want Dutch to win just as badly as we do the hero who fights to save something bigger than himself . This is unique among action / adventure movies , even McTiernan 's . It 's always satisfying to see the hero win , but is that because some larger purpose has been served or because we feel an inherent pleasure in seeing the character we identify with trounce the villain ? So if Dutch 's survival has no larger ramifications , why should we care if he survives ? And since he 's played by Arnold Schwarzenegger , how can we be made to feel like he might in fact die ? In addition to a stirring visual style , McTiernan has another strength : His ability to make you forget that the hero is " the hero " , his ability to make you think the hero could lose . Sometimes this is a matter of casting and characterisation , as is the case with Bruce Willis in the first " Die Hard " , which was made before Willis had proven himself as a movie star , let alone an action star . Schwarzenegger is a different case . Conventional screenwriting and development wisdom holds that a main character must be " likable " for us to care . McTiernan 's movies usually aren 't so stock . His movies are not especially " deep " , but what sets them apart is that they are sincere . As many of his collaborators will attest , McTiernan always seeks to ground his movies in logic and does so without compromising them as action / adventure yarns . As Al Di Sarro has observed , McTiernan often reins things in - " bigger is not always better " . As large as his movies get , they are often understated at the same time . This is where the sincerity begins . And the sincerity begets gravity . So as we approach the end of the movie , we feel as though we 've gone through this experience , too . It 's the small things , not the enormous ones , that accomplish this . So even though we don 't really know Dutch , we feel connected to him . Because we feel that connection , it doesn 't matter that he 's only trying to save himself . Film critic Michael Wilmington mentions McTiernan 's experience directing television commercials . It has become commonplace for directors to make a transition to features after having first directed commercials or music videos . But unlike many of these directors , McTiernan excels as both a craftsman and a storyteller . The style of McTiernan 's movies almost always flow from the story , what some would call " organic " . For example , the way his characters nearly blend into the jungle in " Predator " , or the way he frames Bruce Willis in doorways or pushed to a margin of the frame in " Die Hard " , or , in " Die Hard with a Vengeance " , the way cinematographer Peter Menzies boldly uses the zoom lens , which invokes the New York street-style of photography which rose to prominence in the 1970s . These devices make McTiernan 's movies interesting to watch , but do not take the audience out of the story . McTiernan uses these devices , among others , to ground the audience in the geography of the action . Showing where all the elements are in relation to one another is essential in making the audience feel excited or threatened . This is one of McTiernan 's greatest strengths , but unfortunately the same cannot be said of many of his fellow action directors . Undercranked - or otherwise sped up - photography , overbearing sound design , and , most significantly , overcutting in the editing room , are largely responsible for the glut of action sequences which resemble music videos more than anything else - and not especially good ones . Unlike an action sequence in a John McTiernan movie , the style of these sequences overwhelms the story ... and the audience . Is this because directors worry about losing our attention ? Or does this come from a place of vanity : An assumption that we will have no emotional reaction unless they impose their stylistic gimmicks on a sequence ? In recent years , we 've seen action movies set on airplanes where it 's virtually impossible to make sense of the geography , whereas in " Predator 's " jungle , we almost always know where we are . For all its gore and impact , " Predator " is surprisingly elegant . ( Baxley ) Basically , every stunt has been done before . The challenge is in finding a combination of five or six different elements to create something that looks and feels new . It 's about execution . As a second-unit director , my philosophy is not only to do the best sequence done to date , but to get into the director 's head , find out what he wants . Predator was hard . He kept everything close to the vest . But I would listen . And I want to stress that it was John McTiernan 's vision and movie . The heroes of John McTiernan 's movies often share a kinship with the heroes of movies by such legendary directors as Anthony Mann who directed Jimmy Stewart in his greatest westerns , Raoul Walsh , and even to a certain extent , Alfred Hitchcock . The best example of such a hero might be Gary Cooper in " High Noon " , which the filmmakers overtly reference in " Die Hard " . McTiernan takes all of this to its conclusion by ending the story not on a triumphant note , but on a sombre one . The make-up , the performances by Elpidia Carillo and Schwarzenegger , McAlpine 's camerawork , and Silvestri 's mournful music cue , which David Stone calls " Fanfare for the Common Mercenary " , all create this effect : Victory in the face of overwhelming odds and weariness in the face of victory . It 's McTiernan 's final exercise of realism in what is otherwise an action / science fiction / horror romp . But McTiernan restores some of the fun to the movie by beginning the end credits with the " roll call " seen here . This also marks the movie 's final connection to the combat film . The genre uses a similar device to memorialise the fallen , and to add a touch of immortality to our boys and our cause . This was particularly potent in the World War II movies which were released early on in the war , when the war was going against us . In conclusion , Craig Baxley : McTiernan 's a really passionate guy and a great filmmaker . But Al Di Sarro has had as much to do with his success as anybody . If the director is smart enough , he 'll learn to trust Al . Because Al will always give him something that elevates the material . He 's a very unique special-effects man . Usually they 're journeyman-like , they 'll just twist the wires , etc , and make sure everybody 's clear when they hit the button . Al 's not like that , though he won 't admit it . He 's an effects man who reads the material and understands it . Al Di Sarro , who chose not to return to Mexico after production resumed : That 's sweet of him to say , but you know how it is in this business . Everybody wants to say something nice about everybody . You see , it 's easy for Al Di Sarro to walk into the encampment and blow off five gallons of gas into the air . But you need a Craig Baxley who choreographs everything happening around it that makes those five gallons look so great . It 's a combined effort . It starts at the top with Joel Silver and works itself down in a proper order . Joel is one of the most incredible people you 'll ever work with in your life . There is no bigger than Joel . Know that now . Know it , live it , breathe it . Because if you try to treat it any other way , you will be crushed . ( laughs ) ( in falsetto ) " Because I 'll tell you right now , if they made fucking killing legal , you 'd be the first one I 'd kill ! " " They didn 't have to leave the fucking planet to make Star Wars ! " " You want snow in the movie ? When you think of snow , think no . " I punched him in the shoulder one day . He turned to me and said " That shoulder is not for punching . It 's for thinking . " But I 've always seen Joel back his whole crew . Right down to the craft services man . Joel Silver stands strong behind his people . Di Sarro remembers his first reaction to the script : Excitement . Absolute excitement . I was getting a chance . I read that script ten times . I thought through those gags . They were rigged in my head while I slept . I lived it . I had a high confidence level , but also respect for what I was walking in to do . I was more concerned with conducting myself in a politically correct manner than I was about actually doing the work . I was in another world . I was in the world of motion picture feature film . Fox Studios . Arnold Schwarzenegger . Joel Silver . Big names for a little TV effects guy . I was intimidated by that to a degree . But what a place to start a feature career . How lucky is that ? Michael Wilmington quote , copyright 1987 , " Los Angeles Times " . Reprinted with permission .
