 Star Trek is fed by ideas . That`s what makes the series . That`s what`s always made the series . Ideas that are evocative or provocative . I help other people come up with those ideas and filter them so they fit the form of the show as defined by Gene Roddenberry . They`re the Borg . Protect yourself or they`ll destroy you . Maurice Hurley was on that season . He came up with the characters . He felt that the series needed an unbeatable foe . So he came up with the Borg . Interesting , isn`t it ? Not a he , not a she . Not like anything you`ve ever seen . An enhanced humanoid . My involvement with Q Who , the first time we saw the Borg ... Rick Sternbach in the art department wanted to do a simple cube . lt`s as unaerodynamic as an object can be . But in the vacuum of space , that`s irrelevant . It gave the Borg a very sinister and indifferent quality to their surroundings . We built a three-foot by three-foot miniature of the Borg . At that time , we had to build our physical miniatures . It took days and days to light and shoot them . The Borg episode had more shots than we thought we`d be able to handle . Captain , this is incredible . We`ve entered what must be the Borg nursery . The first time we did the Borg hive , that was our inspiration to do the shot better in First Contact . The same company did that first painting for us of the interior of the Borg ship , with Riker and the crew looking around . The original time we saw the Borg , the description was that it was this vast chamber . Endless. lt`s a very complicated set . There was a lot of detail , a lot of elements to it . It was fairly tricky to accomplish the live part of it . When it was put together , we were all pretty proud of it . We built a large model of the surface of the Enterprise . In one scene , the Borg shoot a beam , drill a hole and extract a series of decks from the Enterprise . You see them stacked up like coins . We had to build a special large-scale model with a hydraulic ram to push up the decks and link that up with the animation . A type of laser beam is slicing into the saucer section . They`re carving us up like a roast . Another challenge was the Borg`s personal shields . They`ve been redesigned each time we see them . The first time , I wanted them to look like they were flat planes . If a Borg got shot , a shield would appear . If it was shot here , a new shield would appear . So it had a prismatic quality . Mr Worf , use whatever means to neutralise the invader . We took pieces of the frame in which the Borg appeared . We`d cut them out electronically , twist them , throw them out of focus and change the brightness . When the phaser beam hit them , then that would appear for the duration of the beam . When the beam went off , it would disappear in a dissolve . The show is shot in a seven-day schedule . That much work being accomplished in that time frame is pretty amazing . lt`s three of us , Rick Berman , Gene and myself . We arc the series . We say , " How do we want the characters to go by the end of the series ? " " How do we want the episodes to progress ? " " How much humour or use of the holodeck do we want ? " " How do we arc one character different than another ? " " What happens to Wesley now that his mother`s not on ? " We want to see if we can make Data cry a tear . He can`t cry . He`s an android . But near the end of the season , we want that emotional commitment from Data . More human . You arc that through the series . A little in episode three . Some more in episode 12 . That`s what we look for as we approach the years . How to make the series one thing . One play , so to speak . Instead of 22 hours , we look for 11 movies . But they`re all connected . You`re a wise man . Not yet , sir . But with your help , I am learning . Somebody comes up with a premise . Riker`s going to serve on a Klingon vessel as a TDY officer . I like that . We`ll start with that as a premise . Then how does that affect people on the Enterprise , or Riker ? Obey my orders . We will be destroyed . If we are , it will be in battle , and I will die with you . Does the story involve everybody ? Everybody reads it and makes comments . The same thing happens in script . We hone it down until it fits the requirements of the show , servicing the characters and being Star Trek . Over all of that , you have the Roddenberry umbrella , which is , is it Star Trek ? Roddenberry`s thumbprint on every script . is this Star Trek ? Until he puts his thumbprint on it , it`s not . Once he does , we know we`ve got a show and we move forward . One thing I wanted to redesign was the sash on Worf . I wanted to redesign that . What was so interesting was that he loved it so much , it was hard to get it out of his grasp . Once he got the new sash , he began to love it , I guess . I think he gets very attached to things . I love to go to hardware stores , especially for things like Star Trek and science fiction . There`s a milieu of incredible hardware that you can choose from and put together , like an erector set . That was just a bicycle chain . Those were bicycle chains that I put together . I wove leather through them . I just sort of came up with it in two or three inches . I said , " This looks really great . Let`s do this . " And so we set about making it . They were concerned with her not having her normal dreadlock look . They wanted to make her look very different . We tried to set about thinking of designing without her hair , and to see her face , which is beautiful . Be careful . Putting me on a pedestal so high , you may not be able to reach me . Then l`ll learn how to fly . I came upon this store that had these incredible hats made out of wires and things . I thought , " What a great idea for her . " lt`s very easy to wear . That`s how I came up with that . A couple of weeks before that show , they came to all the departments and said , " We need a new bad guy of the universe . " " We want it to be a cyborg . " We said , " OK . " So we went about trying to develop the Borg . I didn`t want it to be the shiny , clean imagery of that time in the late `80s . The idea behind the Borg was that they were a nation of people that were very similar . You couldn`t tell if they were male or female . That was a scary part of them . Their human parts would wear out . They would take on mechanical parts . My feeling was that , just like you need to have a hip replacement , people don`t have to have it replaced at the same time . They have different parts . That`s why I wanted them to look individual , losing their parts at different times . That`s why some have eye patches , some have fake legs . Things like that . We wanted to do moulds of all the pieces . There was a certain design I had first , kind of like a spine of a reptile . But when we took it to all the companies to get made , it would have taken them three weeks . I happened to find this one company that already had body-part moulds . That`s what happened with the design . I folded the pre-existing moulds into my design . Then I added the tubes . All the thinking , in terms of what would really happen to a human being that was losing human parts . I remember a fashion photo of a leather jacket with these brass almond eye symbols on it . And so we did that . You are late . Sorry . I had to make myself beautiful . Ten-forward came into our second season . The producers needed a lounge , a place for the crew to relax and dine and drink after hours and throughout the day when they took shift breaks to eat . Other items related to ten-forward created a great opportunity for me to create a lot of food . Something that , again , I wanted to make different . Something that I always felt I specialised in and took a great deal of joy and pleasure in creating . Food of the future . Especially in an episode in which Jonathan Frakes , as Riker , had to become acquainted with Klingon food . I was in my heyday . I created something that had never been seen before . Being a fan of things that frighten people , I wanted to create food as it was written . lt`s supposed to be frightening . That opened the floodgates for me . - What is that ? - lt`s a Klingon delicacy . Pipius claw . This is heart of targ . This , of course , is gagh . Gagh . Serpent worms . Want some ? Pipius claw . That was one of them . What the heck is pipius claw ? I saw what it was . I bought chicken feet. I don`t know if they have four or three toes . I eliminated the middle one to make it look like a devil`s fork . I stuck these chicken`s feet into bases of liquid . I got organs from the butcher . Heart of targ was an actual heart . I would have a liver . I did a lot more . I would embellish it . The Asian market was a plethora of items for me . I found a terrific product . Different types of fish . I would just use eyes from different types of fish , and fins . I can`t tell you how much fun I had with Klingon food . That`s what this was about . When he actually went to the Klingon ship , there was a Klingon feast . Squid , octopus . I did odd things with it so you didn`t see that . The actors have to eat this stuff . - ls the food alright ? - lt`s delicious . The pipius claw was ex cellent . I enjoyed this bregit lung . And the rokeg blood pie ? Delicious . When we first started out , the general consensus from Rick was to not get in your face with the music . Don`t interfere with the dialogue . In action , remember , you`re on an equal footing with sound effects . But keep it in a very early 1900s sort of a feel . Like early Stravinsky , or Mahler . More tonal . Occasionally , like Conspiracy , I would go pretty far out . But generally , as I told someone one time , it was like using the second movement of a symphony to score every bit of the show . We did try electronics a bit . What seems to happen is , since the sound effects are digitised and created electronically and represent electronic sounds , like when you`re on the bridge , if you used electronics too much in the music , it blended in with the sound effects and wasn`t discrete . The music is always orchestral . The six French horns are always in the show . We`ve never gone with less . That creates a sound that , even if it`s played at a low level ... There is a lot of dialogue and you have to stay out of the way . The strings up here , the horns down here , the dialogue here . You can turn the music up without putting the kibosh on the dialogue . The first season of Star Trek was so successful . We were all so excited about it . Here comes the opening show of season two , The Child . I looked at the show and thought , " This is a celebratory moment . " And l`m going to do a celebratory ... Quiet . Not over the top . What I felt would be a moving piece of music . That was my inspiration to write that opening cue . To this day , it`s one of my favourite pieces that l`ve done . lt`s wonderful to have a show like this where you have the opportunity to write the things you dream of , that you can only dream of in any other situation . In other shows I do , there`s no opportunity to write something with the melodic flow , content and emotional heart that you get out of writing a Star Trek . lt`s a wonderful opportunity . lt`s unique because you have to fall into Roddenberry`s thinking . His mind , in the 24th century , is different than anybody else`s mind . His vision of the future is not anywhere near my vision . He sees it as a wondrous place , where everyone has thrown back all of the pettiness and jealousies and all the foolish trappings we have now . He sees us as infants reaching our adolescence by the 24th century . Well , you know , I think we may have some of the same problems then that we have now . But you wash that away . You go with his image and try to shine it up . That`s basically what I try to do . He is a life-force entity . When we passed each other in space , he was curious about us . So he decided the best way to learn was to go through the process . To be born , to live as one of us , and in that way , to understand us .
