 Hot chocolate , please . We , uh , we don 't ordinarily say " please " to food dispensers around here . Well , since it 's listed as intelligent circuitry , why not ? After all , working with so much artificial intelligence can be dehumanizing , right ? So , why not combat that tendency with a little , simple courtesy ? Ah , thank you . For someone who just arrived you certainly aren 't shy with your opinions . Have I been talking too much ? No . Oh , I do tend to have a bit of a motor mouth especially when I 'm excited and you don 't know how exciting it is ... Excuse me , Lieutenant . ... to have gotten this assignment . Everyone in class- - I mean everyone wants the Enterprise . I mean , it would have been all right to spend some time on Ranous Vl . Do phase work with antimatter . That 's my specialty . I know . That 's why you got this assignment . I did it again . It 's just that ... I know , you 're excited . Look , Sonya ... Yes ? I don 't think you want to be around these control stations with that hot chocolate , do you ? Oh , I 'm sorry . I shouldn 't even have this in engineering . It 's just we were talking . I forgot I had it in my hand . Um ... I 'm going to go finish it over here . Lieutenant La Forge this is not going to happen again . Oh , no ! Oh , I 'm sorry . Oh , Captain . Actually , it 's my fault , sir . Indeed . Oh , I wasn 't looking . It 's all over you . Yes , Ensign , it 's all over me . At least let me , sir . Ensign , uh , Ensign ... ? Oh , Ensign Sonya Gomez . Ensign Gomez is a recent Academy graduate , Captain . She just transferred over at Starbase 173 . Is that so ? Well , Ensign Sonya Gomez I think it will be simpler if I simply change my uniform . Captain , I must accept full responsibility for this . Yes , Chief Engineer . I think I understand . I just want to say , sir that I 'm very excited about this assignment and I promise to serve you and my ship ... your ship , this ship to the best of my ability . Yes , Ensign , I 'm sure that you will . Carry on . Oh , my . First impressions , right ? Isn 't that what they say ? First impressions are the most important ? I 'll give you this it 's a meeting the Captain won 't soon forget . Oh . Deck 9 , officers ' quarters . Crewman , what is going on ? Welcome , Picard , to Shuttlecraft 6 . Q. There , there , haven 't we been careless ? A little cleaning service I 'm only too happy to provide . We agreed you would never trouble my ship again . I always keep my arrangements , sir . Look ... we 're nowhere near your vessel . Space , the final frontier . These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise . Its continuing mission- - to explore strange new worlds to seek out new life and new civilizations to boldly go where no one has gone before . I read your graduating thesis . Now , I wouldn 't have requested you if you weren 't the best . Where are we going ? Ten-Forward . We 're going to forget about work . We are going to sit , talk , relax , look at the stars . You need to learn how to slow down . Oh , no , no , no , no , no . I can 't do that . You know , you 're awfully young to be so driven . Yes , I am . I had to be . I had to be the best because only the best get to be here . Geordi ... Lieutenant ... It 's okay . Go on . Whatever is out here we 're going to be the first humans to see it . And I want to be a part of that . I want to understand it . Sonya , relax . You 're here . You 've made it . But you won 't last long banging into walls . It 'll be there for you , believe me . Okay . Look , I promise I won 't let anything exciting slip past without letting you know , okay ? Okay . Okay . So was I on my first tour ... Bridge , this is Ten-Forward . Guinan , I don 't remember you ever calling the Bridge before . Is everything all right ? How do you mean ? Is there anything unusual happening ? No , Guinan , nothing out of the ordinary . Why do you ask ? I 'm not sure . It 's just a feeling . I 've had it a couple of times before . It 's probably nothing . Forget that I called . Ten-Forward out . The locator beam won 't help . They 'll never think to look for you this far away . Enterprise , this is Picard . Stop this foolishness , Q. Return me to the Enterprise . I suggest you change your attitude . Petulance does not become you . We have business , Picard . Keeping me a prisoner here will not compel me to discuss anything with you . It will in time . I appreciate your advice , Lieutenant and I 'll take it to heart ... Guinan . Can I get you something ? We 're fine . Is everything all right ? I don 't know . I , uh , think I 'll go check out Engineering . I 'll go with you . Where 's the Captain ? In his quarters . Captain , this is Counselor Troi . Computer , locate Captain Picard . The Captain is not on the ship . Commander there 's a shuttle missing from Bay 2 . All stop . Answering all stop , sir . I 've hailed the shuttle on all frequencies . No response . Sensors indicate no shuttle or other ships in this sector . I think we can assume the Captain 's aboard that shuttle . How could he get to the shuttlebay and leave the Enterprise without us knowing ? That 's not possible . Take it easy , Wes . We 're going to find him . I want to begin a methodical search . Worf set sensors on maximum scan . Data , use our present location as the center . Plot a search pattern from these coordinates to cover the most area in the least time . Search pattern has been input , sir . Engage , Mr. Crusher . First Officer 's Log , Stardate 42761.3 . We have not been able to determine why or how Captain Picard left the Enterprise . We can 't even be certain he is in the missing shuttle although that is the assumption on which we are proceeding . For the last six hours we 've been searching without success . We have covered the area in a spherical pattern which a vessel without warp drive could traverse in the time allotted . Widen the area . Do we stay out here years , decades ? I 'm ageless , Picard . You are not . The Enterprise will continue with Riker as Captain . You are an impossibly stubborn human . Return me to my ship ! If I return you to your ship will you agree to give my request a full hearing ? You 're right , Picard . This is the proper venue for our discussion . Commander , my status board indicates the shuttle is back in Bay 2 . Computer , locate Captain Picard . Captain Picard is in Ten-Forward . I knew it was you . You ! Picard , if you had half the sense you pretend to have you 'd get her off your ship immediately . And if you 'd like , I 'd be more than pleased to expedite her departure . You know him ? We have had some dealings . Those dealings were two centuries ago . This creature is not what she appears to be . She 's an imp and where she goes , trouble always follows . You 're speaking of yourself , Q , not Guinan . Guinan ? Is that your name now ? Guinan is not the issue here- - you are . We had an agreement that you would stop meddling with us . And so I have . What do you want , Q ? You state your business . Get on with it . I agree , Captain . Enough about this creature . She 's diverting us from the purpose of my being here . Which is ? Ah , the redoubtable Commander Riker and micro-brain . Growl for me . Let me know you still care . Worf . My purpose is to join you . To join us as what ? As a member of the crew . Willing and able , ready to serve . This ship is already home for the indigent , the unwanted , the unworthy . Why not for a homeless entity ? Homeless ? Yes . The other members of the Q Continuum kicked you out ? Not all the Q are alike . Some are almost respectable . Ready and willing , able to serve . What would you do ? Would you start as an ordinary crewman ? Hmm ? What task is too menial for an entity ? Sir , do you mock me ? Not at all , that 's the last thing I would do . You , by definition , are part of our charter . Our mission is to seek out new and different life-forms and you certainly qualify as one of the most unique I 've ever encountered . To learn about you is frankly provocative but you 're next of kin to chaos . Captain , at least allow me to present my argument . Worf . After our last encounter I was asked to leave the Q Continuum . Since then , I 've been wandering vaguely . Bored , really . My existence without purpose . Then I remembered all the good times I had with you . The good times ? The first time we met you you put us on trial for the crimes of humanity . Of which you were exonerated . The next time we saw you you asked me to join the Q Continuum . A big mistake that you didn 't accept my offer . More and more , I realize that here here is where I want to be . Think of the advantages . Now , I neither expect nor require any special treatment . And if necessary , although I can 't imagine why I will renounce my powers and become as weak and as incompetent as all of you . No . No ? Oh , Captain , in fairness , let me try . I deserve at least that much . In fairness ? You disrupt this ship , you kidnap the Captain . I add a little excitement , a little spice to your lives and all you do is complain . Where 's your adventurous spirit , your imagination ? Think , Picard . Think . Think of the possibilities . Simply speaking , we don 't trust you . Oh . Well , you may not trust me , but you do need me . You 're not prepared for what awaits you . How can we be prepared for that which we do not know ? But I do know that we are ready to encounter it . Really ? Yes , absolutely . That 's why we 're out here . Oh , the arrogance . They don 't have a clue as to what 's out here . But they will learn , adapt . That is their greatest advantage . They 're moving faster than expected further than they should . By whose calculations ? You judge yourselves against the pitiful adversaries you 've encountered so far . The Romulans , the Klingons- - they 're nothing compared to what 's waiting . Picard you are about to move into areas of the galaxy containing wonders more incredible than you can possibly imagine and terrors to freeze your soul . I offer myself as guide only to be rejected out of hand . We 'll just have to do the best we can without you . What justifies that smugness ? Not smugness , not arrogance . We are resolute , we are determined and your help is not required . We 'll just have to see how ready you are . Q ! Bridge , this is the Captain . All stop . Answering all stop , sir . Status ? According to these coordinates we have traveled 7,000 light-years and are located near the system J-25 . Travel time to the nearest Starbase ? At maximum warp , in two years 7 months , 3 days , 18 hours we would reach Starbase 185 . Why ? Why ? Why , to give you a taste of your future a preview of things to come . Con permiso , Capitan . The hall is rented , the orchestra engaged . It 's now time to see if you can dance . Guinan , your people have been in this part of the galaxy . Yes . What can you tell us ? Only that if I were you , I 'd start back now . Captain 's Log , Stardate 42761.9 . Despite Guinan 's warning , I feel compelled to investigate this unexplored sector of the galaxy before heading back . Captain , the sixth planet in the system is Class-M . There is a series of roads on this planet which indicates a highly industrialized civilization but where there should be cities there are only great rips in the surface . It is as though some great force just scooped all the machine elements off the face of the planet . It is identical to what happened to the outposts along the neutral zone . Captain . We are being probed . What is the source of the probe ? A ship . It is on an intercept course . On screen . Magnify . Full scan . Go to yellow alert . Going to yellow alert . Keep the shields down . We don 't want to appear provocative . Aye , sir . Mr. Data , what can you tell us ? The ship is strangely generalized in design . There is no specific bridge no command center . There is no engineering section . I can identify no living quarters . Life signs ? There is no indication of life . Lieutenant Worf what is its alert status ? I detect no shields , no weapons of any known design . Hailing frequencies . Open . This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise . No response . This is Captain Picard representing the United Federation of Planets . Guinan . Activate your viewscreen . I would like you to monitor what 's going on up here . We may need your input . I 'm here , Captain . Viewscreen 's activated . I have the other ship . You 're familiar with this life-form ? Yes . My people encountered them a century ago . They destroyed our cities scattered my people throughout the galaxy . They 're called the Borg . Protect yourself , Captain , or they 'll destroy you . Shields up . Aye , sir . All decks stand by . Security , report to Main Engineering . We have an intruder . Lieutenant ? Status ? It seemed to make a visual survey of the engine core , sir then it moved in here . Interesting , isn 't it ? Not a he , not a she . Not like anything you 've ever seen . An enhanced humanoid . What is it you want ? We mean you no harm . Do you understand me ? Understand you ? You 're nothing to him . He 's not interested in your life-form . He 's just a scout , the first of many . He 's here to analyze your technology . He may attempt to gain control of the ship . I wouldn 't let him . Stop . I cannot allow you to interfere with the operation of this ship . Mr. Worf . Ensign . Mr. Worf use whatever means to neutralize the invader . Because her people had contact with the Borg I 've requested Guinan to participate in this conference . You are aware of what occurred just now in Main Engineering ? Yes . What happened between your people and the Borg ? I wasn 't there personally but , from what I 'm told , they swarmed through our system and when they left there was little or nothing left of my people . Guinan , if they were that aggressive why didn 't the Borg attack ? They could have , but they didn 't . They don 't do that individually . That 's not their way . When they decide to come , they 're going to come in force . They don 't do anything piecemeal . Then the initial encounter was solely for the purpose of gathering information ? Yes . How do we reason with them let them know that we 're not a threat ? You don 't . At least , I 've never known anyone who did . Captain , we are being hailed . On screen . This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the US ... We have analyzed your defensive capabilities as being unable to withstand us . If you defend yourselves you will be punished . Hmm . Counselor ? We 're not dealing with an individual mind . They don 't have a single leader . It 's the collective minds of all of them . That would have definite advantages . Yes , a single leader can make mistakes which is far less likely in the combined whole . Picard ? Whoof . Picard , are you sure you don 't want me as a member of your crew ? Captain , the Borg have locked on to us with some form of tractor beam . We 're on our way . Report , Lieutenant . That beam is draining our shields . If they pull down our shields , we 're helpless . Warp 8 , any heading . Engage . Captain , the beam is holding us here . Increase the power . Shields weakening . Shields will be down in 18 seconds . Locate the exact source of that tractor beam . Lock on phasers . Phasers locked on target . Fire . They still have us . Shields are down , sir . A type of laser beam is slicing into the saucer section . They 're carving us up like a roast . With whatever force necessary , terminate that beam . Fire when ready . Again , Mr. Worf . Tractor beam is released , sir . Force field is maintaining our hull integrity . Damage report ? Coming in , sir . Sections 27 , 28 , 29 on decks 4 , 5 and 6 destroyed . Casualties ? 18 were in that section and are missing . What is the condition of the alien ship ? They have sustained damage to 20 % of their vessel . Life support 's minimal . Conference . I can 't get the shields up . Divert power from anywhere you need it . Anywhere except for life support . No , no , it wouldn 't help . The circuits that control the shields they 've been fused . If you can 't reprogram , then re-route . 18 people ... dead just like that . I know . Just put it out of your head . No , I can 't , I keep seeing them . Sonya , stop it . We 'll have time to grieve later . Now right now , let 's just get these shields operative . Hmm ? Right , right . Of course . Guinan , how much more can you tell us about these creatures ? Bits and pieces . Anything would help . They 're made up of organic and artificial life which has been developing for thousands of centuries . The Borg is the ultimate user . They 're unlike any threat your Federation has ever faced . They 're not interested in political conquest wealth , or power as you know it . They 're simply interested in your ship- - its technology . They 've identified it as something they can consume . You brought us here , you exposed us to it and you cost us the lives of our shipmates . Oh , please . Number One . 18 of our people have died . Please , tell us this is one of your illusions . Oh no , this is as real as your so-called life gets . This is Lieutenant La Forge , Captain . We 've been able to restore power to the shields . Very good . Captain , I have the casualty list coming on screen . Cancel . We 'll deal with that later . Sir , if we 're going to have any further dealings with the Borg , now or in the future I think we should find out all we can about them . Visit the ship ? In my opinion , that 's the only choice . Assemble a minimal away team . What ? ! Mr. Worf , Transporter Room 3 . Data . I wouldn 't go there if I were you . I don 't know , Guinan , they paid us a visit . It seems only fair that we return the courtesy . Captain 's Log , supplemental . We have been attacked without provocation by an alien race which Guinan calls the Borg . It appears that we have neutralized their vessel . Commander Riker is leading an away team in an attempt to learn more about them . There are no life sign readings . I 've laid in coordinates that should set you down in the least damaged section of the Borg ship . Set phasers on stun . Be ready to increase power in case we need it . Energize . I wonder why they don 't react to us or why the Enterprise didn 't read any life signs especially with this many of them . Perhaps because this ship was being scanned for individual life signs . Apparently , when they are in these slots they become part of the whole and no longer read as separate life-forms . Captain . Go ahead , Number One . Our readings were incorrect . The Borg crew survived . They appear to be in some kind of stasis . Explain . There are slots along the wall kind of like compartments . There are two Borg in each one . Captain , I would theorize that the Borg are somehow interconnected through these slots and are working collectively . We 're going to try to access their main computer . Commander . I believe each slot is designed for a specific Borg . Here is where the connection is made . Like a juggernaut , it could begin moving at any moment . The technology required to achieve this biological and artificial interface is far beyond our capabilities . There are many advantages . Speed being the most obvious . This ship literally just thinks what it wants and then it happens . Fascinating . They either don 't see us or don 't see us as a threat . Transporter Chief . O 'Brien here , Captain . If your fix on the away team wavers in the slightest beam them back immediately . Count on it , sir . Captain , this is incredible . We 've entered what appears to be the Borg nursery . Describe it . From the look of it , the Borg are born as a biological life-form . It seems that almost immediately after birth they begin artificial implants . Apparently the Borg have developed the technology to link artificial intelligence directly into the humanoid brain . Astounding . Commander . What is it ? The ship appears to be regenerating . Perhaps this explains why they have not taken notice of our presence . Their collective effort is being directed into repairing this vessel . Captain . The Borg seem to be using their combined power to repair the ship . Transporter Chief , beam the away team directly to the Bridge . Let 's get the hell out of here , warp 8 . Now , Mr. Crusher , engage . Captain , the Borg are in pursuit . On screen . Magnify . Increase to ten to the third power . It 's continuing to regenerate . Let 's see if we can outrun them . Mr. La Forge , I want maximum warp for as long as we can hold it . Yes , sir . We are now passing warp 8.5 . Eight point eight . Warp 9 . Arm the photon torpedoes . Let 's see if we can slow them down . Torpedoes armed . Fire . They had no effect . Bridge , this is Engineering . We are now at warp 9.65 . The Borg are still gaining . They will follow this ship until you exhaust your fuel . They will wear down your defenses . Then you will be theirs . Admit it , Picard . You 're out of your league . You should have stayed where you belonged . Captain 's Log , supplemental . We are unable to maintain the gap between the Enterprise and the Borg ship . Engineering to Bridge . Go ahead You 've got all we can give you . I understand , Mr. La Forge . Captain , the enemy vessel is firing on us . There are no reports of any damage to the Enterprise . Captain , the target was not the ship . The weapon was designed to drain the shields . Confirmed . Shield effectiveness has been reduced 12 % . Captain , the Borg ship is closing . They 're firing again . Shields have been reduced 41 % . Another hit and we will be defenseless . Arm the photon torpedoes . Torpedoes armed . Fire the photons . The Borg ship was not damaged . You can 't outrun them . You can 't destroy them . If you damage them the essence of what they are remains . They regenerate and keep coming . Eventually you will weaken . Your reserves will be gone . They are relentless . The Borg ship is firing . We have lost shields again . Captain , we 've just lost the warp engines . Where 's your stubbornness now , Picard , your arrogance ? Do you still profess to be prepared for what awaits you ? The Borg ship re-establishing it 's tractor beam . Lock on photon torpedoes . Yes , sir . Without our shields , at this range there is a high degree of probability that a photon detonation could destroy the Enterprise . Prepare to fire . I 'll be leaving now . You thought you could handle it , so handle it . Q. End this . Moi ? What makes you think I 'm either inclined or capable to terminate this encounter ? If we all die here , now , you will not be able to gloat . You wanted to frighten us . We 're frightened . You wanted to show us that we were inadequate . For the moment , I grant that . You wanted me to say I need you . I need you . Position ? Zero seven zero mark six three , sir . Back where we started . That was a difficult admission . Another man would have been humiliated to say those words . Another man would have rather died than ask for help . I understand what you 've done here , Q. But I think the lesson could have been learned without the loss of 18 members of my crew . If you can 't take a little bloody nose maybe you ought to go back home and crawl under your bed . It 's not safe out here . It 's wondrous with treasures to satiate desires both subtle and gross . But it 's not for the timid . Mr. Crusher set course for the nearest Starbase . Course laid in for Starbase 83 , sir . Engage .
