 [ music continues ] [ music continues ] [ engine revving ] Henderson Culture in this area is in a deep depression .. ... despite the prosperity the rest of the country has enjoyed . Mr. Henderson , would you tell me then why you wanna buy our farm land , hm ? When agriculture here is in such a depressed state ? My combine has large cash reserves . You farmers can 't last until the good times come back . - But I can . - He 's right . I can 't last another season . [ indistinct chatter ] Don 't panic now . You 've been hanging in so long . Give it some more time . You still work for the bank , Ms. Jenson ? You know I do , Mr. Kenderson . In the mortgage department . Can you guarantee that your bank president Mr. Benington will extend the mortgages ? I don 't think anyone can guarantee that at this point . Well , then . If you 're ready to deal my colleagues in the back of the room have contracts ready to be signed . Now , hold it , everybody . Just hold it . He 's not interested in any farming . He 's interested in what lays below our land . Might be uranium , gold , oil , we don 't know . Give me a couple of days . I 'll go to the State Capital first thing in the morning and I 'll check it out with the geology people , hm . Alright then , Mr. Kent . You do what you have to do . I 'll give you all one week ... and then you sign . Alright ? Go on . [ indistinct chatter ] About old man Kent and the State Capital . See the he doesn 't get there . [ rooster crowing ] [ birds chirping ] [ engine droning ] [ trumpet music ] [ birds chirping ] [ engine sputtering ] Ah ! Jonathan . [ intense music ] Oh , dear God . Oh , Lord . Oh , Jonathan . Oh .. Someone help . Please . No , I tried the Siegel Center . Please , try his dorm . [ telephone ringing ] - Hello ? - May I speak to Clark ? Yeah , just a minute . Lovely voice . Hello ? ( Ellen ) Clark , this is Ellen . It 's Ellen . - Hi , what 's going on ? - Pa 's in the hospital . What happened ? ( Ellen ) His tractor went wild and he went into a ditch . I told him to get rid of that piece of junk . It was due for an accident . There 's been many similar accidents since the Kenderson people came to town . If it keeps up , somebody 's gonna get killed . ( Clark ) Okay , I 'm gonna be on a plane within an hour . I 'll be on the one o 'clock bus to Smallville . I 'll pick you up at the depot . [ dramatic music ] ( Ellen ) Clark . Clark ! Clark . Uh , my jeep 's across the street . ( Clark ) Great . How 's Pa doing ? Um , he checked himself out of the hospital . Well , that 's great . That means he 's feeling better . Yeah , he is much better . And you ? Well , I 'd be feeling a lot better if you wrote more often . Speaking of not writing , how 's Lana ? Will you stop worrying about Lana ? Is she still so gorgeous ? Lana is just a friend . That 's it . Hey , hey , that was some clinch . We didn 't know you college boys had that much red blood in ya . You are a college boy , aren 't you , boy ? They 're Kenderson 's thugs , Clark , don 't fight them . - That 's exactly what they want . - I 'm not gonna fight them . Hey , Jarvis . What about the kid 's sweater ? It 'll look better on you . Good idea , Borkner buddy . Take this sweater off , kid . I 'm not taking the sweater off , come on . [ laughs ] - You shouldn 't do that . - Why not ? Your mommy will be mad if she has to sew on some buttons , son ? Does the college boy think he 's big enough to play with us ? - Forget it , kid . - Stop it . What 'd ya doing ? You shouldn 't be playing with garbage . [ laughs ] [ dramatic music ] [ metal creaking ] He 's not worth it . College boy . - Are you okay , Clark ? - Uh , I 'm fine . I 'm fine . I 'm fine . Come on , let 's get outta here . [ car door closes ] [ engine revving ] Clark . I 'm proud of you . That you didn 't let them force you into a fight . That 's great . Can you take the kick me sign off my back now ? Oh . Oh , no . There he is . Oh , no , no . Oh . It 's so good to have you home . ( Clark ) It 's nice to be home . Good to see you , son . Ma , should he be walking ? You just left the hospital . Oh , hold it , now . You 're sounding like your ma . Well , goodbye , everybody . I have to get back to the bank . Oh , won 't you stay for some fresh apple pie ? I really can 't . Thanks anyway , Mrs. Kent . ( Clark ) Thanks for the lift . I 'll , ah ... see you tonight ? You 'll be in big trouble if you don 't . [ chuckles ] Did I mention how good it is to be home ? I never tire of hearing it . What 's happened to your glasses , Clark ? I ran into a couple of Kenderson 's boys in town . Tell me about him , Pa . Well .. Well , you know you 're still pretty young . I wouldn 't want you to do anything foolish that might tip off who you really are . I don 't want any more accidents happening to you . What 's he after ? Well , he 's been grabbing up all the land around here claiming he wants to farm it . He doesn 't wanna farm it , I know that . Your pa thinks there 's something valuable under our land . Well , you can bet on that . Uranium , gold , oil , maybe even platinum . I was going over to the Bureau of Mines to check it out this morning when , uh .. You don 't need the Bureau of Mines , Pa . - I 'll check it out for you . - How you gonna do that ? I 've been developing my x-ray vision . Well , now you know the apple pie is waiting . [ chuckles ] [ Superboy theme music ] [ orchestral music ] [ music continues ] [ music continues ] ( Jarvis ) Give me a jam . Pa . - Yeah ? - I don 't understand it . I checked from Pete Owens property all the way down by dry river . I didn 't see any mineral deposits . Yeah , we gotta find something , Clark . We gotta find what Kenderson wants before it 's too late . [ engine revving ] [ engine revving ] [ intense music ] [ explosion ] [ tires screeching ] ( Kenderson ) I 've got the contract in my hand . I know what 's in it . Wait until the end of the week and I 'll deliver as promised . Look , I lowered the price from 20 cents a gallon to 15 . You can 't buy water any cheaper than that anywhere else I know of . I got the farmers in the palm of my hand . By the end of the week everything will be signed sealed and delivered . I 'll call you back later . If it isn 't the poor college boy who lost his buttons . Well , well , well . I gotta hunch the kid might be ready to sell . Huh ? Have a seat . If one more accident happens to a Kent . You 're gonna be running your rotten business from a hospital bed , Kenderson . What 'd you do , college boy ? Take some get-tuff pills ? Now , hold it , son . I 'm here to help any farmer who wants to get out from under his debts . Like I said , any more attempts on the farm house .. ... you 're gonna be sorry . You blew it , you fools ! Nobody talks to me like that . Nobody ! See that he can 't talk at all for the next six months . Hey , you didn 't say goodbye , kid . We 're gonna have to teach you some manners , college boy . Don 't you ! What are you doing ? ( Clark ) No . I don 't want any trouble . [ screaming ] [ screaming ] I forgot to say , this college boy is into pumping iron . [ tires screeching ] What you told me this afternoon , Clark . - You sure about that ? - I 'm sure of it , Pa . I was using my x-ray vision to look for minerals . When I saw that river , it didn 't mean anything to me . But when I found out about Kenderson 's deal to sell the water , it made sense . [ chuckles ] Come with me . Everybody would you please take a seat and settle down ? Mr. Benington from our bank was good enough to accept our invitation to come here . [ audience applaud ] My son has got some information about those land grabbers and what they really want . Son . There 's a river running under our land . Kenderson doesn 't want our farms . He wants what 's under ' em . [ indistinct chatter ] He has a contract with the City of Benford to sell water . Thanks , son . Mr. Benington our Government and the Soviets are negotiating a contract .. ... to sell ' em grain . Now , we 've got a lot of that grain stored in our community silo . Now , soon as that deal is cut we can pay off all our loans . All we need is a little time . Thank you , Mr. Kent . It 's not the proper way to run a business . But I 've been your neighbor for over 20 years . Sure , I 'll extend your loan . [ audience applaud ] Since you got me into this , Ellen . I 'm gonna give you the responsibility of checking out the silo tomorrow morning . If it 's full then I can tell my board of directors I 'm not out of my head for holding off on these foreclosures . Alright , and I 'll go with you . Hey , congratulations . [ audience applaud ] I 'm gonna go with ya . That 's what I said . The bank is extending the loans until the grain is sold . Corbin , you 're worth every penny . [ dramatic music ] Every penny . ( Kenderson ) You know what you 've to do . Let 's move it . Come on . [ intense music ] Here they come . - What 's going on ? - I don 't know . Looks like they 're getting ready to bloat the silo . Hey , get away from there . We figured . Who are you , anyway ? Everybody will know you did this . Come on ! At least one silo every year accumulates enough natural gas to blow itself sky high . Alright , put the old man in the jeep with her . They 'll think they drove up just as the silo blew . That fields ready for planting . Not a rock left on it . Pa won 't have to lift a finger . I 'm worried about them . Me too . Should have been back an hour ago . I 'm on my way . [ Superboy theme music ] [ dramatic music ] You set the firing pin ? All you have to do is press the little , old button . Better put some distance between us and that silo before she blows . It 's gonna level everything around within a mile . [ theme music ] - Uh , oh , Clark . - Take it easy , Mr. Kent . Ah , sorry , Superboy . I was praying that my son would help . Kenderson and his thugs pumped hydrogen gas into the silo . They 're gonna blow it up . Move your truck outta here fast , uh , Mr. Kent . [ engine revving ] [ theme music ] Well , I guess we 've come far enough . [ music continues ] And so we say goodbye to the farmers of Smallville . [ tires screeching ] ( Superboy ) Kenderson . You can get all the water you want in prison and you won 't have to pay a cent for it . I never dreamed I 'd meet Superboy . But he saved us and I didn 't even get a chance to thank him . If I ever run into to him , I 'll thank him for you . If anybody doesn 't want my chicken , I won 't hear it . [ telephone ringing ] Ellen , would you get that ? - Hello ? - Um , who is this ? It 's Ellen , who 's this ? Oh , hi , Ellen , this is , uh , Lana . Is Clark there ? Of course , I mean , I 'm calling his house how dumb . Just a minute , Lana . ( Clark ) Hello ? Hi , friend . We 're calling to find out how your dad 's doing ? It 's Lana . He 's doing great actually . What 's new in at Shuster ? T.J. wants to know if you 'll return by Friday to make the last edition of the Herald ? ( Clark ) I 'll be there . Give everyone my best in Smallville . Okay , I will . Must be nice renewing old acquaintances . You shouldn 't worry about Ellen . Is she still gorgeous ? She 's a gorgeous , good friend , Lana . Just like you . - Bye . - Bye . [ rooster crowing ] [ theme music ] Captioned by Grant Brown
