 [ music continues ] [ music continues ] [ crickets chirping ] [ man chattering on radio ] Several of rock music 's best known musicians have changed their names . I 'll give you the real names of three famous rock musicians . Pick one and tell me his stage name . [ grunting ] - Stevie Nicks , Stephanie . - George O 'Dowd , Boy George . [ panting ] [ access controller beeps ] [ banging on door ] [ grunts ] [ banging continues ] I thought I heard something . I guess not . Probably just crickets in my stomach . How about a sandwich ? How does this thing work ? See where it says " test " , right there ? - This one , right here ? - Ow ! Yes , that one . - See , I laugh . - That wasn 't funny . Well , I should know how this works if you guys are gonna pass me off as your assistant . You didn 't have to come along . We 're stuck with the assignment . Unless , you 're really interested in Dr. Stuart 's research . Stuart-schmuert . I 've heard Modudyne Corporation gets half its funding for the military contracts . ( both ) Term paper . That 's right , smarties . In my political science class . " Military Dominance , The Commercial Entrepreneurs . " - It 's a catchy title , huh ? - Back to my problem now . Now , what 's funnier ? The left-handed smoke salesman joke or the sneezing penguin joke ? I didn 't understand the sneezing penguin joke . I did . - You didn 't laugh . - But I understood it . What 's the rush in all this ? Well , sorta . Remember that photo essay I did about the homeless back in December ? I just found out I 'm one of the top two contestants for the Chronicle Student Journalism Award . - Really ? - Yeah . - Congratulations . - Thanks . Yeah , the text you wrote , made it all that much better . Let 's face it , guys . The student journalism award is in the bag . - Don 't count your chickens . - I 'm not , I 'm not . I just want to be prepared in case I have to make a speech . ( T.J. ) Doctor Stuart , please . Uh , no . Send them in , I 'll meet them in the hallway . Some students from Schuster . A few weeks ago , I promised them an interview . [ sighs ] Just the thing we need today . If I turn them away at the last second it looks like we 've something to hide . What we have , is something hiding from us , remember ? With no explanation of how it got out of the lab . Perhaps something disturbed it or someone who should 've known better by now . Again with Carl ? He wouldn 't jeopardize the project . Then why is he missing too ? [ sighs ] - Lana , just give that to me . - I said , I was sorry . I 'd be blinded for life . Doctor Stuart ? Welcome to Modudyne Corporation . Clark Kent . This is my photographer T.J. White and his assistant Lana Lang . It 's a heavy day for me , so shall we begin ? - Please . - This way . ( Doctor Stuart ) Artificial intelligence has made tremendous gain since the invention of the silicon chip . At this stage , robots can only respond to stimuli . It bumps into something , it turns . We 're trying to create independent actions . Can you put that in English , Doctor ? Certainly . We 're trying to get them to think . A machine can 't think . Let me see if I can change your mind . [ beeping ] Hi there , Mister . [ jingling ] [ speaking gibberish ] ( Doctor Stuart ) The ball 's capable to rave our pet . [ camera clicks ] Now , watch . Such a crook as himself . [ speaking gibberish ] Sorry about that . Awesome ! ( Doctor Stuart ) 'Almost creative thought . ' If put the ball back up , it 'd find another way to get at it . Yeah , where was I ? Yeah , I believe it . I know a one track mind when I see one . We 'll needless to say the commercial possibilities for this level of artificial intelligence are staggering . And what about the military possibilities ? Don 't they expect some payback for the help with the funding ? Uh , say , Doc , this little guy is too much . You mind if I take some more shots of him ? It 's your film , but please be quick about it . - I have to reload . - Let me assist you , Mr. White . It won 't take one moment . Can we catch up ? Uh , alright . So , how long have you been with the institute , Doctor ? Mr. White ? I think I should tell you that .. ... you didn 't win the student journalism award . What ? My friend Cindy , she knows someone on the ballot committee . And she told me you didn 't win . - I don 't believe this . - I wasn 't gonna tell you . But with the way you were acting .. ... I didn 't want you to get your hopes up . Well , uh .. It 's no big deal , I mean .. [ breathes sharply ] - You knew it was good , right ? - Right . I don 't need some award to tell me I 'm a great photographer . One of the best . [ beeping ] [ speaking gibberish ] Hey ! [ gibberish continues ] [ robot speaking gibberish ] Stop ! So , uh , just out of curiosity , Lana . Who did win that contest ? Clark . For the article he wrote on the homeless . [ rumbling ] [ intense music ] What is it ? [ robot speaking gibberish ] Lana ? - What are you doing ? - Come here . T.J. - He 's dead . - Dead ? Oh . Uh , Clark , Dr. Stuart , come quick ! [ intense music ] Ah ! Look out ! The door 's jammed . - Call for help ! - Let us out of here ! Somebody help us ! Can 't budge it . - Somebody help ! - Please ! They 're down there . Alright ! Superboy ! This is my Pulitzer . So do we do this the hard way ? [ grunts ] [ grunting continues ] [ remote beeps ] [ remote beeping ] I shut it down . Is this thing yours ? It was a limited experiment . There 's a man dead in there . Is that a part of your experiment ? Must have been startled by him . You 'll have to tell to the authorities . ( male # 1 ) Nobody is telling anything to anybody . Who is this ? Colonel Dempsey , Military Intelligence . I knew it . A man is dead . The police should be notified . They will be . At the appropriate time , through the proper channels . You 've done what you were supposed to do , Superboy . It 's a military matter now . I 'd like to speak to your officer-in-charge . That 's classified information . You can take my word for it or take on the Pentagon . Yeah , maybe , we 'll just do that . Oh please , everyone , just go home and forget about this . Forget what you heard . Forget that you saw anything . No , no , no , no , not that , please . Please . No ! This day never happened . [ intense music ] So , this bigwig with Military Intelligence tells you guys to keep your mouth shut . So what do you do ? You take your notes and dump them on my desk . I remember the first day of class . You said , we have to deal with intimidation . And follow our instincts , huh ? I know , but you realize that this Dempsey character checks out , we all could be jumping into some hot water ? I mean , the fact that Schuster Herald is a college paper won 't cut any ice with Military Intelligence . A man was killed . I mean , we saw the body . So you said . Alright . How long will it take you to get the film developed ? It did occur to you to shoot Superboy and 7-foot tall robot going at each other head-to-head . Oh , y-yes . Incredible shots . I mean , a-awesome stuff . ( T.J. ) But .. uh .. He took the film . [ scoffs ] Mr. White , what is the photographers ' number one rule ? Always carry a blank roll of film in the pocket . That 's right , in case they ask for the film . Here you go , Clark . Get to work on it . I blew it . Man , I really blew it . There 's no way you could 've switched the film . Yeah , well , a real photographer could 've . Guess I 'm just not there yet . Wanna help me with my byline ? No , Clark , I 'm just gonna pack my camera stuff . Hit the hay . [ telephone ringing ] [ telephone ringing ] [ telephone ringing ] Things are too hot now , we have to move it . I tried to tell you Carl was a problem . The robot responds to its surroundings . Carl must have done something to activate it 's defense mode . That 's bull ! When you first came to us for funding your prototype impressed the hell out of us . But you also made it perfectly clear that anything the robot does is programmed by you . - So what are you saying ? - Carl was working for me . I think you knew that . I think you silenced him because of something he found out . Whatever it is , you can 't keep it quiet much longer . Especially not , when I have a word with the press that I 've been keeping off your back for months . [ screams ] I 'm afraid , I have plans of my own , Colonel . If there 's to be any chance of them succeeding I must continue to remove obstacles . You 're crazy ! Put me down . All obstacles . Even Superboy . [ remote beeping ] [ bones cracking ] [ Dempsey groaning ] Eat your heart out , Peter Graves . [ intense music ] Hey , big fella . Give us a nice toothy one , huh ? Smile . What 's up , Doc ? I thought you might want wallet size prints of your kid here . I guess , I have to get going . I think not . You can 't be serious , man . I 'm with the press . I 've got some rights . Freedom of speech and all . Just one hair from my head and your friend is gonna be dispensing candy bars . ( Doctor Stuart ) Actually , I 'm glad you 're here . You 've given me an inspiring idea for a test . A final test . - I have ? - Yes . I couldn 't help but notice how quickly Superboy came to your rescue this morning . What can I say ? We 're pretty tight , you know . Once I 'm in trouble , he wastes no time . Keep that in mind . I will . In fact , I 'm counting on it . Come on , T.J. So , where is he ? Well , maybe I exaggerated a little bit . I mean , 9 times out of 10 , he 's on-the-job where I 'm concerned . Oh , wait . This is the day he plays backgammon . Can 't pull him away from that . He said once , he said .. " T.J. , don 't ever get in trouble on my backgammon days . " Guess we 'd better just head back to town . What do you say ? [ theme music ] Are you okay ? My bladder 's gone to Rio , but I am fine . Pretty obvious you wanted me from the directions you left . - Why ? - You 're the final test . My robot has a few bugs to work out . I thought you might wanna help fix them . Before he tears your friend apart . Yo , Superboy . Tense over here , huh ? [ grunting ] It 's impossible , Superboy . He was constructed of collapsed titanium . But thank you . I have some adjustments in the next model . You 'll be making them in prison , Stuart . I think not . Just activated an anti-matter field . A technology I 'm sure you 're not familiar with . You , you 're .. I am an android . From a world much like this . We were built as slaves . So , we rebelled against the humans that created us . But we had one fatal flaw . We were programmed to never to kill . The robot you destroyed would be my killing machine . A prototype . For an army of killing machines .. ... who will build themselves a fleet of spaceships to return to my planet with me . [ triumphant music ] How did you do that ? All forms of light can reflect . I merely made a mirror out of the sand . We were stronger . Quicker . More intelligent . How do you win the revolution if you can 't kill the enemy ? Kill the enemy . Kill the enemy . What is it , Superboy ? A self-destruct mechanism . The android was programmed to take all its secrets with him . [ theme music ] [ telephone ringing ] I meant what I said , we 're gonna share that award . Your photos were just as important as my copy was . Yeah , thanks , Clark . Can I have it my side of the room , Tuesdays and Thursdays ? Maybe next year will be your year , T.J. Maybe . Thanks to the shots you got of Superboy 's second battle with the robot . I 'm looking forward to seeing how they turned out . So was I. So were you ? Yeah , what 's the photographers second rule ? Second rule ? Always make sure your camera is loaded . Mr. White , you didn 't have a loaded camera . [ laughing ] [ laughing ] Captioned by Grant Brown
