 [ theme music ] [ bell ringing ] [ indistinct chatter ] - Say goodbye , Wonderboy . - Say goodbye , Wonderboy . - Yeah ! - Alright ! [ instrumental music ] [ music continues ] [ laughs ] [ laughter echoing ] [ alarm ringing ] " Navy 's newest sub to make shakedown cruise . " Do me a favor and trash that paper . Give me some more background information on this kid , Billy Hercules . Our boy genius . They say he 's so smart , the Russians tried to make him defect and work on their own Starwars Projects . Okay , so the Russians don 't want him . Now , listen to this though . Not only they choose to offer this kid academic scholarship but he 's been offered a full ride by every university . MIT , Caltech , Stanford . Whoa . This kid must have everybody eating out the palm of his hand . [ laughing ] Forget it . She is in the majors . And you 're not even in little league . [ bell ringing ] ( male teacher ) Remember , class , we will be to Langston Naval Base . We 'll be guests of the Navy . So , please , I expect everybody to conduct yourselves accordingly . Don 't do anything that will cause embarrassment to James Monroe High School . Who threw that ? Hey , Einstein , what 's the big hurry ? Don 't you know it 's disrespectful not to say hello . - Isn 't that right , guys ? - Yeah . Excuse me . Could you direct us to the principal 's office ? Mm-hmm . Go down around the corner .. His office is inside .. What 's in the bag ? What have we got here ? Brain food . Hey , I wonder if we eat this if we 're gonna become brain busters like our friend , Billy . I am starting to feel smarter already . Heywood , if you 're getting smarter try and guess what 's for desert ? That 's easy butt-head . Almond fudge brownies . No , those are dog biscuits for my German Sheppard . Let 's go ! Come on ! Hey , Billy , no running . Billy , I 'm T.J. White . This is Clark Kent . Can we have a moment ? We 're from Schuster University and our school publication wants to do a story on you . Look , I don 't mean to be rude , but you 're the fifth college this week that 's come to interview me . I 'm sorry , but I have a lot work to catch up on . That was the shortest interview in the history of journalism . Talk about a bitter kid . ( Clark ) I don 't think he 's better . Maybe , just unhappy . [ instrumental music ] That 's looks complicated . Can I help you with it ? I seriously doubt it . It is primarily based on multiple neural network models . I 'm trying to verify the equilibrium of the hot-field paradigm using a scalar quadratic weaponal function . - I can 't help you with it . - You 're not into computers ? Well , some . But that 's way ahead of my league . I saw the face-off you had this afternoon with those three- - Apes ? Yeah . They 're not the only ones who treat me like a freak . When I walk down the hall , I hear people say " There goes the dweeb with the IQ . " They treat me like an alien . I just wanted to be treated normal . I think I know how you feel . But being different doesn 't mean you 're not normal . It could mean you 're special . Yeah . Sometimes ... I just wish I had someone I could hang out with . - Someone I could talk to . - I like to talk to my father . Mine died when I was five . I 'm sorry . Can you talk to your mom at all ? She 's okay . But there 's just some things I can 't talk to her about . Like girls , huh ? Amanda . She doesn 't even know I 'm alive . She seems a bit old for you . How about someone your age ? Girls my age are too childish . I need more mature women , like Amanda . But right now she 's into Jocks . Girls go through stages alright . Right now , probably popularity is the most important thing to her . As time goes , you 'll find that girls put more weight on things like intelligence . Yeah . But right now how do I get her to notice me ? [ instrumental music ] [ ship horn blowing ] Inside this room you 'll see our computer system operators . It is here that we have direct communication with all vessels including aircraft carriers and nuclear submarines . Each operator has its own 16 character password to gain primary access into the system . Now , these characters are committed to memory . Notice that as he types in his password nothing appears on the screen . That 's so nothing shows that could be observed by an unauthorized person . Access to the computer room is permitted only by the use of one of these . This is a smart card . Hey , mental-head . Give up . What makes you think , she 's gonna have eyes for you ? Yeah . How are you gonna turn her on ? Charlie Jock there can do the 198 . You can 't even walk straight . Tomorrow at 3 PM , the Roosevelt will start its shakedown cruise . This will be broadcast on national television . At that time we 'll also demonstrate the sub 's state of the art computer system . I understand that you have a TV in your classroom . I trust you 'll be watching . [ indistinct chattering ] [ instrumental music ] [ mumbling ] " To think I might would thrill me . " But still I 'm happy to have found you . And hope you 'll find me . Billy . " ( Navy commander ) It took a long time And the Navy is proud of this newest submarine which this day joins our underwater fleet . In a few moments , it will start its shakedown cruise and you 'll observe just how completely computer controlled this sub is . State of the art is an understatement when applied to this boat . Ready , Lieutenant ? ( automated voice ) Underway , shift colors . Main Ballast pressure verifies nominal condition . Maneuvering bridge . All ahead , one-third . [ intense music ] [ alarm blaring ] What is that ? I look at you and you don 't see me . But in my dreams you do . It would take just a smile for you to free me . I love you , Amanda Drew . [ cheering ] I can 't compete with the those around you . To think I might would thrill me . But still I 'm happy to have found you and hope you 'll find me . Billy . [ intense music ] [ alarm blaring continues ] Man battle stations ... missile . Conditionalize full system over rise . Go to manual mode . We 've a deceit system compromise . Pull all centennial communications . ( automated voice ) Prepare tubes one and sixteen . [ reporters clamoring on TV ] Something happened . It 's all messed up . One thing he sure can 't think is that he 's in a threat to them , huh ? ( Navy commander on TV ) Everybody , one at . What ? He was just her . Where does he always go ? Get everybody out of here . Sorry , folks . There will be answers . ( automated voice ) Missiles one and sixteen .. Missiles one and sixteen . Lieutenant , what the hell is happening ? A computer virus , sir . Somehow the Roosevelt thinks its launched two birds . Shut the damn thing off . Sir , there 's no way to stand down . The virus is still out of control . The computer has us locked out . We can 't recall . What exactly are you saying , Lieutenant ? Our nuclear missiles are set detonate above target . Since no target was defined the missiles are designed to self destruct one half hour from launch . In 30 minutes ... this sub along with half the coastline will be blown into orbit . ( automated voice ) Twenty nine minutes . I love you , Amanda Drew . [ ship horn blowing ] Yes , sir . The sub is out to sea . Only a skeleton crew aboard . We 're trying to track the virus . [ dramatic music ] Yes , sir . The sub is putting distance between itself and the coast . Sir . I 'll keep you informed on a minute to minute basis . Yes , I 'm in contact with all Air Force and Army commands east of the Mississippi . All navy units have been put on emergency standards . And every medical facility has been made aware of the situation . Yes , sir . ( male reporter on TV ) Several defense forces from Charleston to the Florida Keys . All sea and air traffic have been diverted .. [ switches the TV off ] Billy . Superboy . I know why you 're here . I did something terrible . I 'm sorry . Guess , you 're here to take me to jail . No , I 'm actually here to ask for your help . I tried . They cut all lines of communication . I can 't get access to their computer banks . You 're the only one that knows the code you used to embedded the poem into the computer program . Come to the sub with me ? - Yeah . - Okay . Come on . Hold on . ( automated voice ) You think I might But still I 'm happy to have found you . Please verify that the silos are sealed . Yes , sir . Yes , sir , we have confirmation from Norad of the computer situation . The virus has tape-wormed the carrier packet and embedded itself somewhere in the parallel processors . It 's so deep we 're not sure where it is . Damn ! [ dramatic music ] I need some help here . Every time I think I 've got it , it 's somewhere else . ( officer over radio ) Lieutenant , bogey approaching she 's coming in fast . Wait , lieutenant , I think it 's Superboy . Superboy ? Let him board . Superboy , I 'm Lieutenant Redman . I sure hope you can help us . Here 's someone who can lieutenant . His name is Billy Hercules . He planted the poem and the computer program . - I 'm sorry . - We 'll talk about that later . Right now , how about getting that virus killed . Is there anything I can do , Lieutenant ? I don 't know . We can 't rescind the order to self destruct . So our only hope is to deactivate the missiles . To do that we 've to get through this hatch to the missile compartment . Computer has us locked down and neutralized the manual system . Oh , that 's no problem . No ! The door is triggered to blow up this section if opened without the proper code . What if I don 't touch the hinges ? I 'll burn a hole through the center of it ? Can you do it ? That door is steel . Six inches thick . ( automated voice ) Twenty-one minutes . Twenty-one minutes ? It 's gonna be close . [ dramatic music ] I think . This may be that did it . I typed in the 34th iteration . ( automated voice ) System recovered . The kid did it . [ crew cheering ] I can take it from here , Billy . ( automated voice ) Access denied . Damn . We 're still locked out . ( automated voice ) Fifteen minutes ( officer over radio ) Final evacuation chopper Have everyone report to the missile deck . Prepare to board the chopper . That means you too , Billy . No , we gotta get the door open . - And we still have time . - No , you don 't . Put him on the chopper for me . - It means you too , Lieutenant . - No way . I stay with my sub . [ intense music ] ( Billy ) Superboy . I couldn 't go . I sneaked off the chopper . Don 't be mad . I 'm not mad . But I can 't put you in anymore danger . I gotta help . It 's all my fault . Damn . I thought I had it that time . What we gotta do is , go and unlock everything that the virus has infected . ( automated voice ) Thirteen minutes ( automated voice ) I can 't . I can 't . I can 't . I can 't . I can 't . I can 't . Ahh ! Superboy ! - You 're okay ? - Are you okay ? ( automated voice ) Security door disarmed . Now , I am . [ dramatic music ] ( automated voice ) Ten . Nine . Eight . Seven . Six . Five . Four . Three . Two. one . [ instrumental music ] She 's all yours , Lieutenant . He 's quite a man , Billy . And the best tradition of the United States Navy . What do you think they 'll give him ? A congressional medal ? Maybe . What do you think they 'll give me ? A prison sentence ? I hope nothing that severe . But there will be discipline . Yeah , I can handle it , I guess . What you 've been through in the last half hour you can handle anything . - You really think that ? - I know that . - Shall we fly ? - Yeah . [ instrumental music ] Captioned by Grant Brown
