 [ music continues ] [ music continues ] There 's something about this poetry crowd that just makes my intellectual juices flow . Well , don 't forget to take the lens cap off the camera . Ahh ! ( male cop # 1 ) Let me understand this , young man . If this kidnappers were unarmed- - He didn 't say that . He said they weren 't carrying guns . You insist on sticking with this strange business about the jewelry . - Yeah , they were rings . - Rings , right . Rings that zapped you with ray beams ? They left me stunned .. I looked up , and the kidnappers , they were all gone . I 'm doing a drug test on him . - I don 't do drugs . - I can vouch for that . I 'll vouch for both of them . Look these are journalism students . They 're trained to be objective observers . Oh , I 'll make a note . If these creatures are so strange why didn 't you take photographs ? That 's what you 're studying , Photojournalism . I wasn 't with Clark . I mean , I was covering uh , poetry recital . I never made it to the poetry recital . I .. There were just too many photo opportunities standing around outside the door . ( male cop # 1 ) Objective observation , Harris . This is hardly what I 'd call a credible witness . It 's just a personality defect , I have . When I try to come across sincere , it doesn 't work . That 's why I don 't do presents . In my comedy act , I mean . Look kid , why don 't you quit while your ahead ? Now , Kent . You say , you saw the professor put into a spaceship . Not sure about the ship , but yes . Suppose I tell you there 'd been no aircraft sightings of any kind on any radar screen in the immediate vicinity . I believe you . And yet , you saw this spaceship land on the roof . He told you he didn 't see it land . It was already sitting there . Make a note . Now , when you went to help the professor this woman that you described , pointed her rings at you you became disoriented and then when you could see straight this vehicle went bye-bye . I don 't know where it went . Without a single radar bleep ? I wish I could explain , I 'm sorry . You 'll have plenty of time . Hold them for questioning . ( male cop # 2 ) I said I 'd vouch for them . I 'm releasing them , under their own recognizance . He 's reviving . Professor Lipcott . We 've gone to a great deal of trouble to bring you here . You .. You attacked me , you and these mutants . Uh , she is the mutant . Who are you ? Where are you from ? - What do you want of me ? - Plutonium . - What ? - We need Plutonium . And since you 're the leading expert in that field in this era , you have access to it . Plutonium is not a thing people keep or give away like a Christmas present . It 's absurd . [ ray beam buzzing ] Ahh ! You know it 'd kill him . There 's no necessity for pain yet . Always with a reasonable approach for .. Yes . But I get results . We don 't have time to be too reasonable . I don 't know what planet you are from . But here , we consider what you 're doing to be torture . We are from this planet . From the 24th century . You will get us what we need . It won 't affect you in this time . But your technology is so advanced . Why did you come back here for plutonium ? There is none left on earth at our time nor the materials to make it . Plutonium is the main component of nuclear weapons . Exactly . And we need it to defend ourselves against our enemies who wish to destroy us . I 'm sorry . I refuse to participate in that obscene process again . You will take us to where the plutonium is stored . You will get us through the alarm system . Absolutely not . [ ray beam buzzing ] [ groaning ] Hey , listen to this , guys . " Professor Craig Lipcott " one of the pioneers in super conductor research got a Nobel Prize for his work . " Why Lipcott ? We 've gotta do better than that . There were hundreds of scientists at the convention . [ fax machine clunking ] This could be something . " Professor Craig Lipcott . Crescent County Radio Chemical Refinery . " Well , come on , Clark , give . He established the plutonium process there and set up the security system . That 's what they wanted him for . So , we can pin point the place . We just can 't waltz into a plutonium plant and say " Hey , guys , there 's these weirdos from outer space and they wanna hijack your product ? " We 're not waltzing in anywhere , okay ? I think , you believe my story , about as much as the FBI agent . The more reason to need me , to certify your sanity . T.J. , look , I feel like this is my problem , okay ? Nobody in this group has monopoly on problems . Share and share alike , remember ? And T.J. ' s right . We can 't just get in to maximum security without authorization . You guys go to the front desk and ask for two passes in Dr. Baxter 's name . He 's a consultant at the plant . He gave me an " A " on my physics seminar last quarter and a standing invitation to tour the chemical plant . Alright ! What are we waiting for ? The phone number is at my dorm . Well , come on , Clark ! Bring the van around back . I 'm gonna leave a note for Superboy . Sorry , the van 's in the shop , I forgot . But Lana 's lending us her Jeep . So let 's go , huh ? With any luck , Superboy will be here soon . Hope he finds the note I left for him . Who says this is a job for Superboy ? You don 't know what we 're into . We could be way over our heads . Clark , one of these days , you just got to develop some self reliance . Learn to be your own man , you know ? Listen , take it from me . A guy can 't go through his life waiting for a Superboy to get him out of every tough spot he finds himself in . When you 're right , you 're right , man . Yeah . Tell you what ? Let 's circle around .. You head up that way . Remember , if you see anything even remotely suspicious please communicate through these . Okay . [ ominous music ] [ ray beam buzzing ] Ah ! Sister One to T.J. Come in , T.J. T.J. Clark .. [ distorted voice ] Clark ! [ dramatic music ] I must say , it 's been great pleasure for me to interrelate with you . I 've always been a great fan of aliens . I mean that . Because when you come down to it an alien is just a friend you haven 't met yet . Am I right , or am I right ? Right . He speaks much , but says nothing . Live and let live . That 's my motto , huh ? You know , I can see you folks as a really great photo essay for National Geo . He amuses . Oh , thanks for saying that . That 's-that 's really nice 'cause I plan to getting into comedies .. Comedy is my life , actually . Right now , for instance , I 'm working on my impression of the Presidents . [ electric buzzing ] Oh ! Vora finds him amusing . Perhaps we should take him back as her pet . No-no , I ... no , um , I have no pedigree . See , m-my father was a male , my mother from the opposite sex . It was a really bad combination . Really bad . You noticed , the mouth never stops moving . Perhaps , young man , you can convince the professor to help us . If he does , no harm will come to him . Professor , I don 't , I 'm not sure what they want . But if it 's at all reasonable , we should consider it because harm can be very painful . They want us to start an atomic war . Look at them . Living proof of what radiation does to the genes . They wanna go back to that stupidity . Perhaps , the proper inducement has not been used . Now , professor . You will get us through the security system or I will implode the young man 's cranium . Wo-ho ! Let 's-let 's , let 's talk about this , guys . It 's better to sacrifice one life than the lives of millions . Why waste time ? A little more pain . [ screaming ] What does this accomplish ? - Is he dead ? - He 's still breathing . L-look , Hol , before you do anything crazy .. Can I call you " Hol ? " You just better think this through a bit . Y-you mess with me , and you get on the wrong side of a really tough dude . His name is Superboy , and he eats aliens for breakfast . And he 's looking for me right now . You and Superboy . You are acquainted ? Yeah , we 're as close as time and space . It 's him , me and Clark . And Clark sent him a message , loud and clear . Perhaps , change in strategy is in order . That 's what I like about you , Hol . You 're always thinkin ' . If Superboy is as formidable as our records suggest he should be able to get us past the security . ( Hol ) Go , Vora , and bring him to us . Hello . We met briefly . On the roof of the hotel . I haven 't forgotten you . I had this blinding headache . I am sorry . That will not happen again . We have come as friends . That 's why you kidnapped Professor Lipcott and T.J. White ? ( Vora ) An unforgiveable breach . We had no choice . We 're fighting for survival . And I suppose your survival depends on endangering the lives of others . ( Vora ) Unfortunately , yes . It 's the pressure I must use to force you to help us . So to this point , my friend and the professor are okay ? Yes , Professor Lipcott has had some pain and he is in a semi-conscious state , but he will recover with no ill effect .. Oh , now please don 't be angry . Look , there was a nuclear war . Though some other species did survive the radiation , but the survivors destroyed most technology , including all weapons of war . Then , over the years .. ... population of the earth , it increased slowly . Progress was made .. Progress ? To the point where nuclear weapons are needed again . We don 't want war . Our enemies do . Don 't you understand ? It 's the same talk before every war . Don 't fall into that trap . You must tell your people that- - I can 't tell them . You don 't know how hard I had to work to be accepted . I 'm a mutant . Yes , a genetic throwback to the time before the great war . I know what it 's like to be different from everyone else . There are no others like you in this era ? None that I know of . At least , you know where you come from . And you don 't . If there 's going to be help it won 't come from a nuclear bomb . It 's got to come from people like you . They , uh , want me to bring you into the time machine . Let 's go . Superboy . Not again ! Hol , what are you doing ? Neutralizing his ability to rescue his friend . You may be fast enough to stop me . But if not , my imploder will compress his skull to the size of a walnut . Dare you take that risk . [ ominous music ] I 'll do what you want . Wait outside . Hol , don 't you think we should try- - Prepare for departure . If he gives you any trouble , don 't hesitate . He 's expendable . Why am I always the one to get his head imploded ? It 's not fair . [ dramatic music ] ( Hol ) Well , what are you waiting for ? ( Adio ) Amazing . Let 's move . [ music continues ] [ music continues ] [ device beeping ] [ music continues ] - I 'll take that . - No , you won 't . [ groaning ] ( Superboy ) Are you okay ? Superboy , be careful . Don 't trust her . T-they 're taking Lipcott back with them to build their bombs . You 're all alone now , Vora . Your future depends entirely upon you . You brought the plutonium ? Leave it . And you can take the boy . [ intense music ] I can 't do that , Vora . ( Vora ) Don 't push me , Superboy . I 'm still one of them . You 're more than that . Give the plutonium or I 'll kill him . [ music continues ] [ sighing ] How 'd you know I wouldn 't shoot ? You and I have far too much in common . Well , you could have fooled me . The return trip will deplete most of our energy grid . We 'll never have enough power to travel through time again . You don 't have to go , do you ? I belong with my people . Maybe they 'll listen . I 'm going to miss you . Hol and Adio will be furious when they discover we left without the plutonium . I couldn 't let you have it . It had to be returned . Goodbye , Superboy . I 'll never forget you . [ mellow music ] ( Lipcott ) At least the people of Vora 's era have a fighting chance of survival . Thanks to you , Superboy .. Where is he ? I wanted to thank him . I 'll tell him . You know something , professor ? I don 't think any of us are gonna forget her . ( Clark on radio ) - T.J. , where are you ? - Where are you , Clark ? I 'll tell you where I was . I was in a time machine where I met Lipcott and three of the strangest people . And you know something , Clark ? It 's a good thing your message got through to Superboy . [ theme music ] Captioned by Grant Brown
