 [ pleasant music ] [ music continues ] Miss Dare ? Uh , Pamela Dare ? Yes ? Morris Spearbaum . My wife , she 's one of your biggest fans . 'And I was wondering , could you sign this for her ? ' My pleasure , Morris . Just give me a moment . Sorry . Oh , no-no problem . So much more peaceful here . Uh , yes . Uh , Elaine .. Would you make it out to Elaine ? [ eerie music ] That takes care of Elaine . Now then , Morris .. ... I wonder , would you do a favor for me ? Well ... sure . Be afraid . [ gasps ] ( boy # 1 ) ' Mommy , mommy what 's wrong with that man ? ' 'He looks dead . ' So if this Dare woman is such a big deal how come I 've never read anything about her ? Maybe heavy reading for you is a big package label . Can I help it if my chosen field happens to be a visual medium ? Oh , remember , I 'm taking one shot of this blue-haired vidi for The Herald and that 's it , I 'm out of here . Okay , T.J. , have it your way . On behalf of our literary review we welcome you to Shuster , Miss Dare . You must be Lana . A pleasure . And you are ? White . Uh , Trevor Jenkins White , the third . The Herald brought me in to do some coverage on you . I 'm doing an in-depth photo essay of your first week at Shuster . How lovely ! Shall we go ? [ imitating Pamela ] Come , Trevor , your blue-hair video waits . " But the flames of revolution couldn 't begin to compare " with the inner fire of their hidden passion . " Betsy knew this was the night " the night she would finally surrender " to the brawny redcoat " who could cast a spell over her with his smoldering eyes " the night she would finally surrender to his kisses and his .. " And his what ? Uh , this is too much . Tell me about it . I still have I don 't know how much more research left on my Herald profile with Pamela Dare . You 're not the only one who 's doing research . You know , he 's been coming in so late and he leaves early in the morning . Forgot about The Herald . I haven 't even him seen him there all week long . Maybe something hot and heavy is going on . I mean , after all this is ... Pamela Dare . Please ! Come on . The woman has written 21 best-selling novels she 's made millions of dollars she dates princes and sheikhs . Don 't you think she 's a little out of T.J. ' s league ? Don 't underestimate , T.J .. I happened to know a lot of older women who find him absolutely adorable . Really ? Like who ? [ camera clicking ] What a fantastic house ! And that was really wild finding out that your relatives had built it over 200 years ago . And expensive . The current owner tried to drive the price up . I had to wear him down . These past few days have been so great , Pamela . I mean , life with you is a kick ! Life is a wondrous gift . Respect it , cherish it , devour it . But most of all , enjoy it . Enjoy . I practice what I preach . Come , Trevor . That first day we met you told me you were a friend of Superboy 's . [ dramatic music ] Yeah . - I want you to prove it . - Yeah ? [ crowd cheering ] ( male announcer ) ' And now , let 's have a big round of applause , shall we ? ' 'For the team , the Superboy Team . ' 'That 's right , ladies and gentlemen . ' 'For today 's special event 'proceeds are all going to charity . ' 'Superboy has graciously agreed to play a practice game .. ' ' ... all by himself . ' 'It 's the ultimate playoffs sports fans . ' 'Who else , but the boy of steel 'can play all nine positions at the same time ? ' 'Okay , folks , watch closely , and let 's play ball . ' [ theme music ] [ spectators cheering ] [ eerie music ] Only then , when you have achieved that rarest of plateaus all writers aspire to . 'Your words will have a life of their own . ' They will have transcribed the spirit of another age . Thank you , ladies and gentlemen . I hope you 've enjoyed this afternoon as much as I have . [ audience applauding ] [ indistinct chatter ] Pamela . Pamela Dare , Clark Kent . What a pleasure this is Clark to be finally meeting you .. ... in the flesh . It-It 's my pleasure for sure , Miss Dare .. ... uh , to meet you . Trevor 's told me so much about you I feel as if I 've met you before . - Oh .. - Mr. White . Hey there , Professor Myers ! Didn 't see you taking any notes or maybe you figure The Shuster Herald has no use for Pamela 's kind of writing ? I 'm going to ignore that remark , Mr. White . You 're in enough trouble as it is . I expect the prints you owe me on my desk tomorrow morning . Then you and I ... are going to have a little talk . [ indistinct chattering ] I don 't believe it ! She actually had the nerve to ask you to go home with her ? I 'm glad , T.J. didn 't hear . Hey , guys ! So , Clark , what do you think of my woman , huh ? - Ooh ! - Ha ha ha . I 'll catch you two later . - His woman ? - I have to talk to him tonight . Pamela ! Hey , what 's going on ? I 'll always smile when I think of you , Trevor . And who knows ? Maybe you 'll find yourself in one of my books someday . What do you mean ? That 's it ? I mean , it 's over just like that ? Ciao , darling . And do try and enjoy the rest of your life . [ melancholic music ] [ dramatic music ] [ music continues ] [ music continues ] You must be afraid . It doesn 't work for me unless you 're afraid . [ music continues ] Ah ! [ indistinct chattering ] [ telephone ringing ] Have a seat , Mr. White . You have a lot of explaining to do . [ clattering ] Yeah . Mm . Can you hold on a second ? Thanks . Where have you been , man ? I was looking all over for you . I 've been so worried sick . I 'll be through in five minutes . Wanna get some lunch or something ? Are you okay ? [ intense music ] [ dramatic music ] What you did to my friends was really low . What are you talking about ? T.J. , you dumped him and then you turned him and Clark against each other . What if I told you I have plans for Trevor ... and your Clark ? I 'm warning you . Leave them alone . I wish I could . Is that all you want ? For me to leave them alone ? Yeah . Now you 're gonna find out what I want . Forget it , Simon . No way , lady . You have no hold ... over ... m-me . [ eerie music ] ( Pamela ) ' I have had better days , Simon . ' I know , I know , don 't dwell in the past . Look ahead . Only ahead . I trust you 've made our guests comfortable . That extraordinary creature could be my salvation . He is as potent as we believe . I may never have to feed again . Then ... only then , will all this have been worth it . After all this time , you 'd think I 'd know how to say goodbye . I 'll make sure you linger , son . Just long enough . But first , I need your adrenaline . I need to make you afraid . You , I am going to miss . Be afraid . Oh , my ! Well , if you see Lana around will you please have her call me as soon as possible ? Okay , thanks . [ knocking on door ] T.J. ? Simon ! Lay down . Ah ! - Oh ! - What happened ? [ gasping ] Oh .. Oh ! [ whirring ] [ theme music ] ( Pamela ) ' I 've always loved that portrait . ' I posed for it the same year this house was built . 'What 'd you say if I told you 'the artist and I were introduced at Andrew Jackson 's inaugural ball ? 'Andrew Jackson ? I 'd say you were very well preserved . ' I 'll take that as a compliment . I suppose this artist ended up the same way Simon did , huh ? Simon was ... nothing unique . All men wither and die , Superboy . It 's nature 's way . When I feed on a victim I merely accelerate the process a bit . That 's really sick . So tell me , what sort of creature stays young by stealing the youth of others ? A Succubus . And you 're right , Superboy . It is a sickness . Sickness that brings with it a curse of immortality . How long have you been like this ? Ha ! For so long , the answer is beyond remembering . And what I do remember is in my books . The slaves that built the pyramids in ancient Egypt , all worshipped me . Pirate ships sailed the high seas of the sixteenth century searching for treasure to appease me . I was the secret lover Napoleon surrender to 'long before he fell at Waterloo . ' Now , you know the secret of Pamela Dare 's success . She doesn 't write novels , she writes memoirs . The lives of my heroines all belong to me . And you destroyed how many others to lead those lives ? My books dwell in the past , I look to the future . That was me in your room the other night , Superboy . My magic made you think it was a dream . What do you want from me ? Don 't you know , Superboy ? I want you . [ T.J. grunting ] 'Fascinating with a house this old what one can find locked away in the basement . You may have noticed both of those death devices 'are in perfect working order 'and set to kill your friends within seconds . ' [ eerie music ] The first time was no good . There was no fear . But now , now , you are afraid . Afraid for them . Now , you are mine ! [ music continues ] [ both grunting ] Ah , what a life ! So much more . So much more than I ever imagined . It 's mine ! Ah-ha ! Aaah ! [ laser beam sputtering ] [ theme music ] [ sighs ] [ groaning ] ( Lana ) 'What 's happening ? ' ( Clark ) ' She thought she could preserve her youth 'by stealing my super life force . ' ( T.J. ) ' Must 've been too much , Superboy . ' 'She 's not only staying young , she 's getting younger . ' Help me ! Help me ! 'Help me ! ' ( Lana ) 'Oh , my God ! Look ! ' [ crackling ] [ somber music ] There 's nothing you could have done , Superboy . I was in love with that ? ( Clark ) 'It wasn 't love , T.J .. ' It was a power beyond anything we 've ever known . I 'd like to think that it 's gone forever . [ music continues ] [ camera clicking ] [ slow music ] [ crackling ] Captioned by Grant Brown
