 You know the pain that I 've endured these past few months , Leo ? All for a new face ? No , you couldn 't even imagine it . Look at ya , young , handsome ... But you 're still gonna be handsome , Lex . Handsome ? I had to cut into my face , my body and my voice , age myself 15 years , 15 years of my youth , lost . Gone , for what ? For what ? So Superboy won 't recognize you . All because of Superboy . I look like a ... Like this . I had to burn off my own fingerprints , Leo . Tell me , can you fathom what I 've had to put myself through to escape from Superboy ? We 'll get our revenge , Lex , we 've got the plan . Ah , yes . Yes indeed . We 've got the plan . Thanks to this clever gentleman and the astonishing weapon his firm has developed for Uncle Sam . A weapon so powerful they 've even named it the Superboy . The Superboy ! It 's ironic the weapon that 's so flatteringly named after the boy is the very one that 'll snuff out his life . I 'm more concerned about Superboy . You sure he 's going to show up ? Yes , he 'll ... He should be here . And I do hope you appreciate the fact that I 'm going in to take these photos . So , don 't blame me if they don 't turn out . Oh , hi , um , Lana Lang , Shuster College . There should be two passes left for us by Superboy . You 're on the list but Superboy 's not here yet . Yeah , I know . But I 'm sure he 'll show up , right , Clark ? Right , right . Thank you for coming , gentlemen . Ooh , look at that Lana . Mmm . Oh , she 's much too pretty to be hanging out with that four-eyed nerd , Clark Kent . She always liked me , Leo . Did you know that ? Who wouldn 't like you , Lex ? A lot of people when they find out I 'm the one that 's gonna kill Superboy . We are in position , sir . Okay , standby . Look , are you sure he 's going to show up ? Superboy never breaks a promise . Come on , Lana , we 've got things to do . How about you take some photographs of the gun and I 'll get an interview with the scientist who invented the weapon ? - Okay . - Okay ? Uh-huh . Sorry , I 'm late in getting here , sir . I can 't tell you how much I appreciate your being here . You 've contributed so generously to good cause , it 's the least I could do . After all , the weapon 's named after me . Glad you could make it , Superboy . It 's showtime , folks . Let 's get this show on the road . Locking in on target . Prepare to fire , sir . Not quite yet . What 's going on ? I can 't control it , sir . The override 's not functioning . Try the secondary access then . Run , move out . Come on , Ms. Lang . Where 's Clark ? Fire . That was a full five hundred pound charge . It would have vaporized a 747 . How could I have been wrong ? Are you okay , Superboy ? I think so . I don 't know what could have happened . Are you sure you 're all right . Another 25 percent charge and then we 'll see if Superboy would have been dead . Well , if at first you don 't succeed . Oh my God , it 's aiming again . Superboy ! He scrambled my program . Maybe we better split , Lex . For now . Well ? How do I look ? It 's ... It 's different , Lex . Different ? Hmm . Different indeed . Well , with this face , I can kill two birds with one stone all right . Oh , I look old . It looks good , real good . There 's no going back . This is my new face . I think it looks real good , Lex . No one 'll ever recognize you . No one ? Not even you , Leo ? Won 't you recognize me anymore , huh ? I don 't know what you mean . Let me explain , boy . This is the huanebetai , the preferred weapon of the huaorani tribe of the Amazon rain forest . The dart is tipped with curare , a poison so potent that in a few seconds the victim suffers an excruciating death . So sorry about the pain , Leo . Can 't be helped . Guns make such a mess . Lex , no please ! We grew up together ! We 're friends . You were friends with Lex Luthor . Alas , he is no more . Smile , Leo , you 're about to pass on to a higher plane of existence . No , no , please , no ! Oh , come on , Leo , I 'm just kidding . You don 't really think I 'd kill you , do you ? What , do you think I don 't have a heart ? Ah , Lex , you really had me going there for a second , I 'll really tell you . Ah ! Of course I have a heart , Leo , a very cold heart . I 'm sorry , Mr. Eckworth , I didn 't hear you come out of the office . That 's quite all right . I was bringing this right in . Huh , thank you . Oh , um ... I don 't want to be disturbed for the rest of the day . Yes , sir . I want to send a memo to marketing . I want to have the ... Who the devil are you ? Warren Eckworth . I am you and you are dead . Yes , sir . I 've just closed a big deal with a new supplier , the Lexor Corporation , so I 'll need a rather large check from accounting in this amount . Have them draft it immediately . Yes , sir . Mm , would you have the freight department send me up a crate after lunch about six feet long ? I have to pack a dead body . Oh , sure . Oh , and get me in touch with uh , the chief engineer in charge of the Superboy Gun , uh ... Mr. Henderson . Henderson , him . On the private line as usual , Mr. Eckworth ? As usual . Hello ... Hello ... Hello . Henderson , listen carefully . I want you to Jack up the power on the Superboy Gun . I wa ... I ... I 'm fully aware that it meets the defense department 's specifications , however it doesn 't meet mine . I want you to Jack it up a full 25 percent ... Make it 50 percent . Believe me , Henderson , I have my reasons . To the front page of the paper . I guess TJ really made the right move by going to work for his dad 's paper . Yeah , it kinda blows your mind , huh . Hey , wait a minute . You never answered my question . Where were you when that missile hit Superboy ? I looked for you everywhere . Yo , Andy Mcalister reporting to being , first floor second building . And you must be my roommate Clark Kent . Close , Lana Lang . I 'm Clark and that 's your bed . No , no can do . See uh , I gotta sleep with my head facing north . And it has to do with the way my mind creates . I 'm gonna have to switch . What , no beer ? We 're not allowed to have alcoholic beverages in the dorms . - Is he serious ? - Uh-huh . Did you say your name was Mcalister ? Yeah , yeah , yeah . Capital M , small C. It says here I 'm supposed to be with a guy named Johnson as my roommate . Clark , I wanted to live with you . I pulled some strings down at the administration building . See , I hear that you know Superboy pretty well and I 'm a big fan of the superguy myself . In fact , I got us little business propositions to talk over with him . Geez , I don 't know , Superboy kinda likes to keep to himself and I , I just don 't know if I would be able to do something like this . Clark , we 're talking finder 's fee . It 's some big bucks . Okay , for example , what does this look like ? It looks like a glass you wear around your neck . Okay , it 's a glass that you wear around your neck . But you 're not thinking . How many times you 're hanging out with friends , slamming a couple brewskies , you 're tipsy , whatnot , you slip , whoa ! Splat , all over the floor . But this chain keeps it safely around your neck for you to continue to enjoy . No mess , no spills . Trying to get a meeting set up with proctor and gamble . Could be a very , very big Christmas thing . You ever do any modeling ? Uh , no . Well , I have this idea , swimsuit calendars , the girls of Shuster College , and I 'd really like to meet with you . Are you serious ? Well , not talking total nudity . Uh , I think this is the part where I exit . Clark , good luck , it 's Andy , right ? Right , right . I can 't say that I 'm that anxious to meet you again . Oh , babe , I 'll grow on you . I swear . Okay , you don 't happen to have a younger sister do you ? She 's outrageous . You ... You and her ever , you know . Lana ? Yeah . No , we 're just friends . So , you don 't mind if I spend a weekend with her ? This is great . I love this place . Ms. Lang . Mr. Eckworth , hello . Hello . Would you be interested in taking some exclusive photos of the Superboy Gun ? Am I ? Well , just come with me . I , um , thought we were gonna see the weapon . How do you like it ? It 's beautiful . Now about the photos on the Superboy Gun , what I 'd like to do is maybe ... Try it on . I think the bride would resent that . Why would you resent it ? Hey , look , I didn 't come here for this , okay ? Would you mind unlocking this door ? Why ? So I can leave . I control a multibillion dollar corporation , I 'm filthy rich and not too bad to look at , not really , am I ? Not as good as I looked a couple of months ago but well ... Never mind . I can give you anything you want , take you anywhere you want to go . Meet the most important people in the world . You are really sick ! Now , any woman in their right mind would kill for the chance I 'm offering you . Would you get away from me ? Now , now , now , now , now , you 'll get used to me once we 're married . You 're crazy to think I would marry you . Don 't you ever call me crazy . It 's Superboy , isn 't it ? You 'd rather have him than an old man like me , huh ? Well , you want to know a secret ? This is just a mask . I 'm really young inside the mask , I 'm young like Superboy . What do you mean ? Plastic surgery . I even put acid on my vocal cords to lower my voice . Why are you telling me all this ? Well , you should know who I really am . You want to guess ? What are you talking about ? Come on , guess . I don 't know . You don 't know me , really ? Your old school chum , Lex Luthor . No , it 's impossible . Nothing 's impossible for me . Why ? Because of Superboy . He made me do all this . Now you get into that dress ! This is what one might call an intravenous love potion . Now then , my beloved , if you don 't put your bridal gown on like a good girl , I 'll be forced to inject you with this . Make your choice . Ah , I knew I could depend on you to choose wisely . Now then my blushing bride , I 've made all the arrangements . We 're going to be married in a small , out of the way prison , very old , very quaint with a lovely old antique gallows in the main prison . You probably know the place , the old abandoned prison out on interstate 5 , hmm ? Toodle-loo . Good afternoon , Mcalister Productions . Andy , listen , this is Lana , put Clark on . He 's not here right now . Lana , are you okay ? No , I 'm in trouble . Andy , listen . I don 't have much time . Lex Luthor is forcing me to marry him . He 's taking me to some abandoned prison on the outskirts of town . Tell Clark , you got that ? Lana , Lana ? Have you met my best man ? Leo , Lana , Lana , Leo . He 's the silent type . And I thought it was only fitting that your friend , Mr. Eckworth , give you away . We are gathered here today to join this happy couple in holy matrimony . You 'll never get away with this . Superboy will show up . I hope he shows up . Lana Lang and Lex Luthor have chosen each other over all others . Lex , why are you doing this to me ? I 'm doing this to Superboy for revenge and for love . And for fun . Would the groom put the ring on the bride 's finger ? If there is anyone present who objects to this wedding , let him speak now or forever hold his peace . I object . - Superboy ! - Right on schedule . Ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah . That 's close enough , Superboy . He 's got the gun . Say cheese . You killed him ! That was the plan , my dear wife . Clear . I 'm afraid he 'll never walk again . Captioned by Grant Brown
