 Hmm . Oh , damn . Oh . Ah . Oh , damn . Oh , damn . Ah ! Oh ! Not now . Oh ! Ah ! All right , now I got to get 50 bucks to the print shop . - Andy ? - And you gotta remind me to give 25 to the graphic artist- - Andy ? I told you I don 't think Superboy is going to want to endorse a line of t-shirts . Okay , first of all , these are not just a line of t-shirts . These glow in the dark , and since when did you become Superboy 's agent ? Well , I kinda know Superboy and I sort of have a feeling for things he might or might not want to do . Sort of . Clark , I can 't think of two people more opposite than you and Superboy . Andy 's got a point . Maybe Superboy should at least listen to what he 's got to say . Hey , I know I wouldn 't mind having a Superboy t-shirt . And , Clark , you know , you wouldn 't look too bad in one yourself . Better than these plaid shirts you wear . I kind of like this shirt . Clark , that 's the problem . Nice and slow ... Give me the money . Come on , get in there . End of the line , mister . Your luck just ran out . Thanks , pal . Thanks for nothing . Telephone , please , Dr. Davis , telephone , please . Oh , where am I ? You 're a very lucky man , Mr. Corben . If not for Superboy , you wouldn 't be here today . Oh , yeah , yeah , I guess you 're right , Doc . If not for him I 'd be out free spending the first national 's dough and living like there was no tomorrow . There would have been no tomorrow for you , Mr. Corben . Look , you suffered a massive heart attack . You wouldn 't have lasted the night . Hey , look on the bright side , they 'll keep you off your feet in prison . You 'll get plenty of rest and with a little bit of luck you just might live . Oh , yeah , yeah , sure , I 'd be alive . I 'd be in a cage for the rest of my life , but face it , Doc , I might as well be dead . Please , Mr. Corben ... Please , no one 's ever been that polite to me . I wish I could return the favor , but I 'm not that kind of guy . Yeah , I 'm a lucky guy . This just in , Corben escaped from city hospital after murdering a doctor . Police have no leads as to his whereabouts . Ah ! Will you please stand still ? I can 't when you 're standing so close to me . Knock it off , Andy . I second that . Andy , would you give a guy a break and let me finish this story , will ya ? You still with the corben story , Clark ? You 've been working on that for the past two days . What 's the problem ? You 've never been stuck on a story before . I 've been reading through these files a hundred times and I can 't believe that he 's dead . We would have found his body by now . We ? Who 's we , Clark ? I mean the police and Superboy . Look , Superboy 's been searching for what , a week now ? If he couldn 't find the guy just write that he couldn 't find the guy . I just hate to admit Superboy failed like that . That 's his problem . Geez , let him carry the weight of the world on his shoulders . Yeah , Andy 's right . You 've got your own problems to worry about . I told you I can go until this story 's wrapped up . Fine , then it 's just me and Andy tonight . Whoa , babe , you will not be disappointed . Babe ? Babe , you know , it 's a term of affection . Oh , wow , where am I ? Ah , you are a very lucky man , Herr Metallo ? What , Metallo ? Ya ? What are you talking about ? My name is Corben . Who the hell are you ? Oh , is that me ? You like ? You like ? Oh , please , no need to thank me . You were badly hurt in the explosion . Your arms , your heart were destroyed . I only did what I had to do to save you . Save me ? You made me into a freak ! Look at me ! Oh , you 're still weak . Yeah . I suspected as much . I 've done similar experiments on small animals and always the strain of trying to power my prosthetics kills them . But luckily for you I 've had a breakthrough . I found this great gem in one of my field trips to the sewers . I find the most interesting things down there . I really do . You 're crazy . I have never seen anything like it . It gives off a strange energy which never seems to deplete . It 's better than the best automatic battery . Uh , what are you gonna do to me ? Not to you , my child , for you . This won 't hurt a bit . Oh ... That wasn 't so bad now , was it ? Oh , that 's ... That 's not bad at all but ... Not so bad . Actually I ... I feel ... I feel pretty okay . I feel ... Strong . I feel ... Stronger . I feel ... Really strong . This is too wonderful . I am a genius . Now , we will show the university , you and I , my colleagues , they will never laugh at me again . Come , Metallo , we must prepare ... How do you feel about the big award ? I 'm really honored the city has chosen me to be the first to receive the community service award . Thank you , Superboy . What 's wrong ? Am I strong enough ? Can I beat him ? Who , who ? The one who started this , Superboy . I don 't know . Perhaps . There 's no time . He 'll be at the arena soon . Ah , well . I already died once . I 'll take my chances . Tough break . Yeah , face it , Lana , he 's not coming . Excuse me . It 's just that Clark needs to get out more , but every time I try he 's got some stupid excuse . Do you think we 're maybe too hard on him ? Like about his clothes and things ? I mean , he can be really sensitive . I don 't know , he 's just shy about everything . Probably couldn 't take this crowd . Just face it , that 's the guy I am . No kidding . Ladies and gentlemen , thank you for your patience , ladies and gentlemen . Now , I 'd like to introduce you to tonight 's guest of honor , Superboy . Thank you . Thank you . I like to think of myself as a man of action , not of words so I 'll keep this brief . I ... You ! Corben ! That two-bit punk , corben , is dead , pal . You can call me , Metallo . I don 't care what you call yourself . You 're a murderer and I 'm taking you in . Take your best shot , pal . I always do . This some kind of a joke ? You 're really hurting , aren 't ya , pal ? Yeah , you 're hurting bad . The rock , it 's got to be this green rock inside my chest . Hey , you running away , pal ? After these nice folks went to all this trouble to throw this bash for you ? You can run , Superboy , but you can 't hide . Oh , share , you 've got to share . Here , some for you . Oh , oh , ah , this is perfect . Driver , driver , stop the limo . You two girls , you wait here and I 'm going to be back with something the two of you can fight over . Oo . Hi , guys . I 'd like a sample of your gold and platinum bars . Freeze or I 'll shoot . Sorry , I was never any good at following orders . My suit , look what you did to my suit . I brought you girls some trinkets . One for you and one for you . Yeah , I know , not bad , huh ? I 'm doing big things from now on , big things . You know , there 's never a Superboy around when you need one . And it seemed like such a great idea at the time . Andy , people are still gonna want to buy your t-shirts . I don 't know . Everybody 's talking about how humiliated Superboy was at the awards . I mean , it was embarrassing . It 's a good thing you weren 't there , Clark . It was a dark day . I 'm sure Superboy must have some sort of plan . He 's not gonna lay low and let Metallo get away with , with all these robberies . Why does everyone think that Superboy is just gonna give up ? Oh , my sensitive . I tell you what , we 're just gonna leave you alone for a while , okay ? The strange green substance seems to have a similar molecule structure of a planet that astronomers have named Krypton . Prolonged exposure to this space rock that I will call Kryptonite can be lethal to Superboy . Lead shielding seems to neutralize the effect . Yeah . I 'm a lucky man . I , uh ... Certainly have come a long way , huh , girls ? Oh , look , this one 's bent . You can have it . There 's plenty more where that came from . Oh , look , I got another bent one . Metallo ! It 's him . Metallo ! It 's Superboy . It 's time , Metallo . It 's time to prove yourself . Where the hell is he ? I 'll be at the scrap yard in 30 minutes . Then you can prove to the world how strong you really are . You 'd better be there , tin man . Unless there isn 't enough man left inside of you to beat my challenge . I 'll be there , creep , over your dead body . Sorry , we have orders from Superboy to keep everyone away . Excuse me , excuse me , excuse me . Pardon me , officer , we 're special friends of Superboy and we 'd like to go through . I 'm sorry , we have orders that no one is to get through . Uh , Officer , I 'm not sure you realize exactly who I am . The name 's McAlister , Andy McAlister . Oh , yes , we do have you down on the list . Yeah , there was a special note concerning you . Superboy told us you might try extra hard to get through . But ... What 'd I tell ya , girls ? Looks like Superboy 's a no-show . No such luck , Metallo . Superboy ? You still hiding from me ? Afraid you 're gonna faint again ? I 'm not afraid of you , Metallo . Most snakes are harmless . You gotta be kidding me ? Look at me , Superboy , I 'm big-time now . No more little guy . People respect me . You think that suit of armor 's gonna protect you from me ? It 's not you that the armor is protecting me from . Aren 't you feeling a little woozy ? You 've lost your advantage . This suit guarantees us a fair fight . Oh , is that so ? In that case , I 'm gonna have to get rid of it . All right , Superboy , the kid gloves are off . Now , I 'm gonna peel you like a banana . Hah ! Any questions , Superboy ? Oh , yeah . Thank you , thank you . Look . Oh , no . You don 't know when you 're beat , do ya ? Not yet , never . Wrong . This is the end of the line , pal . Your luck just ran out . Aah ! Aah ! No , no ! No . Be still . Your heart 'll hold you till help arrives . Yeah , I guess I 'm just a lucky guy . Superboy , I 'm so glad you 're okay . Yeah , hey , me too . While I got you here without that Clark Kent , you know he throws such a damper on everything . Um , I thought we might have this little two minute pow-wow on this business proposition that I was thinking of . This isn 't about your t-shirts , is it ? Captioned by Grant Brown
