 Fifteen isn 't nearly enough . You need a 25 . Skin as lovely as yours should never be tainted by the harsh light of day . Your cash . Come on , fast . You , over here . Are you looking to dye today man ? Death and I are already well acquainted . You however , I have no wish to know . You are going to drop that gun . Now you 're going to show me how sorry you are for hitting an old man . You 're sorry too . No sense banging your head against the wall . Use the floor . Give me 911 . I was never here . You were never here . What do you think of my new , uh , shirt , Clark , pretty cool huh ? I like it , it has like , it 's a confident , it 's a joie de vivre ... No , it 's a je ne sais quoi , like je ne sais quoi . Do you like it ? Well it , it certainly ... 'Cause you can borrow it , if you want to borrow it . So here 's the scoop , Clark . I contact this , uh , t-shirt dealer , um , in Taiwan . And he can get me a boatload of these little beauties for next to nothing . Andy , look out ! Clark ? Uh , wow . Uh , could somebody call an ambulance or something ? Uh , Doc ? How is he ? Persistent . He wants to go home . We 're going to run one more test just to be on the safe side . Uh , can I see him ? Oh , sure . Clark ? I , um , just wanted to tell you , um , well ... What is it , Andy ? Uh , so there I was today walking along , talking about my shirt and before I knew it you were saving my life . I guess what I 'm trying to say here is , uh , you know , thanks . Mr. Kent , I am Dr. Shelley . Dr. Johnston said I 'm supposed to have a look at you before we send you home . Amazing . It 's like I 've been telling everybody , I , I 'm fine and the girder barely grazed me . So it appears , but sometimes appearances can be deceiving . If you 'll hold these , and hop up here . Lie back . But , but , what are you ... what are you doing ? But , but ... This is a CAT scan . But , but ... Just to make sure there are no surprises hidden under that resilient scalp of yours . Clark , don 't be embarrassed . Naked brains , they , they must all look alike . Keep your head very still please . That 's odd we seem to have a dead screen here . Um , those things happen sometimes . Thank God . I thought you might be in a coma or something . Is , uh , this guy tough or what ? We meet again . Byron Shelley , I 'm a visiting resident here . Lana Lang , I 'm a friend . I can see that . She 's my friend too . I 'd like you to make an appointment for another X-ray , just to be safe . Okay , Doctor , I 'll do that . Thanks very much Dr. Shelley . Come on , Lana , let 's go . Good bye Dr. Shelley . Good bye , take care . Byron , is that you ? Come closer my dear . I don 't really know why I 'm here exactly . I just knew I had to see you again . It 's a power we have child over the female of the species . We are irresistible . So I found you at last . You will not stay here . I 'm taking you with me , alive or undead once more . No . Lana , are you all right ? Yeah , yeah , I 'm fine , he didn 't attack me . He was trying to help . He 's like nothing I 've ever seen . We better get him out of here . How did you know where I live ? The address is on your paycheck . That 's extraordinary X-ray eyes of yours . Hi . We keep meeting , you and I. I keep wanting to see you . I know . I just wish we were somewhere else at the moment . Oh it 's all right . I , I told him everything about how you saved me from that thing . Speaking of things Dr. Shelley , you 're unlike any human being I 've ever seen . There 's something flowing through you , some strange energy force that defies the laws of science . What if I were to tell you that this energy force prevents me from living a normal life ? Or dying a mortal death ? I 'm listening . That creature who accosted Lana , that was one of my kind . One of your kind ? Yes . A lot stronger than me and older , but yeah . And we may not be safe here . Well we got Superboy to protect us . You don 't know what we 're up against . Follow me please . Fortunately I have a few powers of my own with which to demonstrate . That 's great . How did you do that ? I 'm a vampire , not a magician . Fear is the usual reaction I get when people see proof of the supernatural . It 's the same for me when people find out I 'm from another planet . You 're sort of like kindred spirits . Sadly enough , one side of me is not at all like , Superboy or anyone else alive . As you grow older , Superboy , you will find there are forces on the dark side that not even your powers can withstand . Yes I know . Supernatural forces seem to be one of the few things that can harm me . You never believe how much practice that took or how many injections . My mother was just one of his many victims . He used his forces to make her carry his child . She hated him . But she loved me from the very day that I was born . So she took me far away from him . Growing up I thought that I was normal , she knew different . She knew it was only a matter time before the curse of my bloodline caught up with me . So she instilled me with the courage to fight back . To reject my father 's ways . That 's why I went into medicine . All those years of hard work finally paid off . I came up with this . The chemicals in that solution could be fatal . Not to me . A daily injection of my serum enables me to make my reflection appear , resist my craving for blood and endure the sunlight . Mortal enemy of all vampires . You 've made a lot of progress . Well not enough . History says vampirism is a curse . I say it 's a disease . The oldest and most dreadful affliction known to man . But it is controllable . And one day , maybe even curable . When that day comes , my father will understand why I rebelled . And the others , they will finally know that I 'm their salvation , not their enemy . They don 't share your desire to be cured ? Most of these creatures are hopeless addicts who have been stalking their prey for centuries . The old one in the garage , he was there for me . But when Lana came along his bloodlust took control , nothing else matters . Look out ! Cheers . He used me . Byron . He 's dead . The young man is beyond life and death and now , he has no choice but to return to the fold . Your bite , what did you do to him ? Soon he will rise , but the unholy blood of his father will flow through his veins once more . He tried to help you . To lead you all into the light . Death and thirst and blood . That 's all there is . Not where I come from . In any event no trace of this research must be prevented to survive . This house of blasphemy must burn . Not a chance . Where I come from , Superboy , they 've mastered skills beyond the grasp of mortal men . The power in our eyes to bend the will of any living for example , a most useful talent . You will forget this foolish nonsense about vampires . Superboy , don 't give in . Another moment nothing will remain of this dwelling but smoke and ash . And you will start the fire Superboy , with your heat vision . Do it now . Start the fire Superboy . You cannot defy me . He used me . Fight it . Fight it ! You cannot defy me . He used me . What are you doing ? Are you mad ? Good and mad , now I 'm in control bloodsucker . Over my dead body ! Pathetic creature . You think all it takes is strength to hold me ? Watch , feel me slip through your fingers . No , you watch . You fool . Darkness is my friend . The nights will cloak me . Not for long . The sun ! No , not the sun ! Well , I 'm glad to see you made it back , my friend . And the old one ? Well , for what it 's worth , you didn 't really kill him , he was already dead . So he said . And you ? Are you all right ? Oh , it 's just a scratch . But he bit you . Is that going to make you just like the rest of them ? Not on your lifeline . Your serum , I suppose you built an immunity . Science marches on . Schuster kind of grows on . You sure you won 't change your mind ? No , I have to stay on the move . You 've destroyed one of them , but my father will send others . You don 't know him . Maybe we should keep it that way . Well perhaps one day you and I may meet again . Who can say ? Can 't you ? That 's right , you 're a vampire , not a fortune-teller . Good bye my friend . So long Byron . Good luck . Huh ? Captioned by Grant Brown
