 Yo , Andy McAlister here . It 's me , Andrew . Andrew , you still there ? Yeah . Listen , I can 't talk right now . I 'm , uh , I 'm studying for this exam I have tomorrow . Why ? That figures . Why would you call me if you weren 't in trouble ? Where are you ? I 'm on my way . Andy , I don 't mean to pry , but is everything okay ? Everything 's fine . It 's just this guy that I used to know , and he wants to talk . It 's no big deal . I mean , if there 's anything I could do- - Nah . It 's a hopeless case . Believe me , hopeless . You in there , Pop ? Try the back door , Andrew . So who are we running from this time ? The IRS , the bookies , the mob ? I can 't see a thing . That 's weird . This is weird , Dad . What , have you gone nuts ? " Nuts , " Andrew ? Is that any way to talk to your father ? Come on , Clark , Clark- - Yo , uh , could I have a moment ? Yes , you 're-you 're Kent , aren 't you , the-the student who 's always studying ? And-and you 're Lana , the girl who 's got the thing for the Superboy ? Um , excuse me , should we know you ? The name is McAlister , Jack McAlister . Hello . You 're Andy 's father , right ? Ha , give a big cigar for the little lady . Did you ever think about going into modeling ? Andy didn 't tell us you were coming . Well , Andrew didn 't know . You see , we sort of lost touch a few years ago , uh , after I was--uh , well , how shall I put it ? Sent up ? " Sent up " for ... ? He means after he went to jail . See , I-I had some gambling debts . I got in a little deep , so I ran this embezzling scam to pay off the $ 200,000 . But , before I could pay it off , I got caught . No big thing . Anyway , after the kid 's mother died , he-he went to live with his uncle . He raised him while I was in the slammer . When I got out , he showed me Andrew 's letters . So I 've read quite a bit about you two . Mr. McAlister , we 'd love to help you find Andy , but ... he didn 't come home last night . Yeah , you know , he 's not the easiest person to keep track of sometimes . Sounds a lot like his old man . Actually , I came here to contact Superboy . - Why Superboy ? - Well , I need his help . You see , I witnessed a murder yesterday . Wow ! I saw the killer , the killer saw me , and I panicked and ran . Well , why didn 't you just go to the police ? With my record , and the story I 've got to tell ? Ha , no-no , no way , little lady , not at all . They 'd probably end up booking me . I think Superboy would - would understand . I think he 'd be different . I think he 'd listen to my story . And I think he 'd try to help me clear my name . It was Andrew 's letters that led me here to you , Clark . They said that you know how to contact him . We keep in touch . Then you 've got to give him a message for me . You 've got to tell him to meet me at 4 : 00 today- - sharp , that is- - between 6th and main . It could be a matter of life and death . You tell that to Superboy . Life or death . And give my regards to the kid . Tell him I 'll talk to him ... Later , if I 'm still around . " Give my regards to the kid " ? Golly . Doesn 't really sound like Andy and his father are all that close . I don 't really think that 's any of our business , Lana . But I do think Mr. McAlister really needs Superboy 's help . Maybe they both do . I mean , the longer I don 't hear from Andy , the more I worry . Me too . Aaahhh ! Superboy stood you up ? It 's not the end of the world . At least you and I still have each other . Get in , Jack , or you 'll never make peace with your son . I have Andrew . Now , get in . What the hell have you done to him ? Dad , Dad ! That 's not a great idea . Listen to him , Jack . If you don 't let go of that wire , I will send 5,000 volts through it and kill you both . Bad mistake , Jack- - running to Superboy . Now that you 've tried to put him between us , you force me to get nasty . I 'll just have to eliminate him . How did you know I was going to be down here ? I calculated the probability at 97.4 % . And as one betting man to another , not too shabby odds . All right , all right , so you 've got me here . Now you don 't need Andrew anymore . Let him go . Maybe ... Maybe we can strike a deal . Jack , Jack , Jack . You 're a man after my own brain- - or is it the other way around ? Good afternoon . How 's the world been treatin ' you ? No complaints , huh ? Yeah , I know what you mean . That 's funny , I don 't see any maintenance schedule this afternoon . I 've gotta call this in . That won 't be necessary . Are you going to tell me why we 're breaking into a power plant ? This is where Andrew is going to watch you die . You , and Superboy . Open the gate , Jack . Open the gate . Look at him . The first machine on earth to think like a human being- - that 's what he said . He said this machine would blow the lid off the entire computer industry . But why 'd he choose you ? This ... In-home test , it 's sort of a psychological profile . I paid a shrink to give me the best answers . So you let this quack plug his midget Frankenstein into your brain night after night ? Dad , didn 't you wonder , didn 't you ever think , what-what you were getting into ? I had my own problems- - I-I needed the money . Dad , wake up ! When are you gonna learn ? This thing is your problem . It thinks like you , it talks like you , and now it 's trying to tap into the city 's power ? Someone 's gonna get hurt . We have to shut it down . Andrew . Didn 't your father tell you I 've already killed ? He watched me kill my creator . And now that I 've tapped into unlimited amounts of energy , I am ready to kill again . Tell detective Miller I want him down here tomorrow morning , 6 am sharp . Marie , I 'll get back to you . This is an honor--Superboy . I 'm Detective Sloan . What can I do for you ? Detective , I need you to run a check on someone for me . He 's an ex-convict out on parole . His name is McAlister , Jack McAlister . My creator stumbled onto a new process for creating artificial intelligence . Heinrich developed a computer that could be infused with input from the human brain . Your brain , Jack . Your emotions , inflections , even your personality . I 'm not you , and you 're nothing like me . I am your dark side , Jack . You still don 't get it , do you , Jack ? There 's a monster hiding in every man . There was a flaw in Heinrich 's process that brought out the monster in you . Sad to say , a fatal flaw . I would 've settled for snuffing you out , Jack . But no , you had to bring Superboy into this . Now his blood will be on your hands , our hands . Dad , no ! Dad ! Relax , Andrew . Probably stunned him . I want Jack to live , just long enough to see all the damage he 's going to cause . Parole violations are the least of Jack McAlister 's problems . He 's wanted for questioning in a murder . A murder ? Who 's the victim ? Some computer genius , Heinrich Gibbs . Neighbors say he spent a lot of his time in his garage working on some kind of experimental computer . Jack McAlister was seen leaving there just hours before the body was found . Wait a minute . This says something about a van , loaded with state-of-the-art computer equipment . Both it and the computer are missing . Police upstate think that McAlister used the van to make his getaway . What 's going on ? Excuse me . What 's with the lights ? It 's happening all over the city , sir . Some sort of drain from the new substation . Isn 't that the new power plant that 's run totally by computer ? You got it . Excuse me . Andrew , I helped this thing get in here only if it would set you free . Dad ... It 's not gonna live up to our deal . You know that , don 't you ? Yeah , well , at least you tried . What 's that ? What do you think the odds are that I can cut you loose before it turns at you , son ? Zero . Still better odds than we have now , don 't you think ? Welcome , Superboy , I 'm Jack McAlister . The real Jack McAlister . I knew you wouldn 't waste any time finding the source of the power drain . Are you two all right ? Be careful , Superboy , it 's some kind of trap . So you killed Heinrich Gibbs . I had no choice . He was going to take me apart . I couldn 't let anyone do that . That 's why I modified myself with tailor-made weapons , and now , my other half has to suffer . He 's going to watch me destroy you , Superboy , and then kill his son . Why would a machine program itself to kill ? You wouldn 't have to ask that , Superboy , if you could imagine what it would be like to have the mind of a human and be trapped ... Trapped in this . You really think you 're a match for me ? What 's to stop me from shutting you down ? About 20 million volts . Enough electricity is coursing through your body right now to light up half the country . I can 't begin to calculate the agony you must feel at this moment . We can 't just stand here- - Superboy 's dying ! It 's now or never . Brace yourself . Now you die , Jack . Dad ! How touching . First he tries to save your life , and now you 're trying to save his . So , both of you still care after all . A pity you never had a chance to tell each other . This cannot be . By all my calculations , you should be dead by now . That 's my problem . I never know when to give up . Now it 's time for a dose of your own medicine . Nooo ! - Nice work , Andy . - It was nothing . Ugh ... Thanks , Superboy . I never really meant to put you in any danger . I know , you just did it to help your son . My son . ... then , when we lost your mother , I couldn 't be there for you because , well , I had to go away and-and do my time . I mean , don 't get me wrong , that 's not saying anything against your Uncle Bob- - Dad ... what are you saying here ? All right , uh ... Cards on the table time ? Yeah . Well , uh ... I know I haven 't been much of a father , and I feel awful about not being there for you . I 'd like to change that . Starting now . If that 's okay with you , kid ? Yeah , yeah . Come on , let 's get outta here . I really hope it works out between Andy and his father . You know , you and I have really had it lucky . We 've always had our parents around . Have you ever wondered about Superboy ? I mean ... I wonder if he has parents somewhere out there . Captioned by Grant Brown
