 Praise the lord , it 's Superboy . We 've been waiting for half an hour . Are you all right , sisters ? I was just on my way to your benefit when I spotted your bus stuck on the road . Well , I don 't know what happened . Sister Mary was driving and then all of a sudden the engine just broke . I 'm afraid we don 't know much about engines . It looks like your battery 's low . Why don 't I just help you inside and I 'll get behind and just push you right out of here . Thank you , Superboy . What a nice young man . Be careful now , sisters , and put on your seatbelts . Are you ready ? I 'm ready if you are . So , uh . Lex , is he dead ? Darla , you 're a lovely lady but you have the imagination of a trout . Of course he 's not dead . What 's the fun in that ? Well , how was I supposed to know ? Of course when he comes to , ooh , he 's gonna wish he was dead . Now , now , now , now let 's not sulk . Come on , give us a kiss . Ha ! We never had a sister Mary that ever belonged to our camp . And as we told you , there was a bus stolen from our parking lot but that was two weeks ago . I 'm sorry we couldn 't be of more help . You 've been a great help , sisters , thank you very much . Maybe Clark is on pacific standard time . He said one o 'clock lunch , right ? What , this is lunch ? Well ... Hey , guys ! Hey . Only 15 minutes late , not bad . Let us guess . Okay , an orphanage caught on fire and you had to save six little children 'cause the fire department wasn 't there . No , actually I found this really amazing bug on the way here and I just had to stop and catch it for my bug collection . He serious ? Of course I am . Don 't pay any attention to him , Clark . Why are you talking so loud , Lana ? What are you talking about ? I 'm not talking loud . Clark , are you okay ? Have a drink , man . I 'm not feeling too well . You hear sirens ? Oh , God . What the heck happened there , man ? You see that ? You 're under arrest . You have the right to remain silent . Superboy , that was quite a show of force . I only meant to stop the car . Superboy , you 're glowing . What 's going on here ? I don 't know . But don 't come any closer . Anything I touch burns . I feel the heat . Stay back ! Make a call for me . Professor Peterson at Shuster College . All right , you got it . You know , if you don 't quit bouncing around where you 're bouncing around we 're going to be here all night . Oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , lookee , lookee , lookee . According to my brilliant microwave tracking device , Superboy is getting stronger and hotter and more and more out of control . Lex , honey , if you don 't stop moving around you 're going to have a crooked hem . Just a little bit longer and I 'm free again . No more creeping and hiding and skulking around after midnight . No more disguises . Be still . What do you think ? Dignified or festive ? Lex , give me a break here . Well , I 'm going to meet the governor . I don 't want to offend his sensibility . Ow ! You did that on purpose . Well , you can 't say that I didn 't warn you . After my emancipation ceremony I 'm going to walk right up to Superboy and say , hey , I 'm a murderer and a thief and now thanks to you I 'm free as a bird . Much obliged . Pfffft ! Ow ! What 's the status here so far ? We 're monitoring a constant rise in the room temperature . At this point there 's no way to gauge how critical the situation will become . Superboy , your body temperature was fluctuating and now seems to be steadily increasing . That may be why your powers have gone so out of control . Now , we 've been doing some calculations here and as far as we can tell so far you 've been shocked with a kind of solar energy . Well , is there anything we can do to reverse the process ? We 're working on it . Hello , Leo . Surprise . Thanks , what is it ? Open it , open it . Yeah ? Oh , you shouldn 't have . Oh , God ! It 's a spider ! Get it away from me ! You are such a creep ! You know I hate spiders . It 's just a joke . Get it away from me . Get out of here . You are so sick . But darling , you 're so lovely when you 're terrified . Here . Oh , so what is this a snake ? Open it . No more jokes ? No more jokes . Oh , Lex , oh , that 's a diamond necklace . Oh , that is so beautiful . What 's the occasion ? Well , Superboy 's almost cooked . So , I was feeling just a little bit like celebrating . Come on , love , give us a kiss . Oh , you . Aaahhh ! Superboy , have some visitors for you . But keep it down to five minutes . I 'm very much concerned for their safety . You can never find Clark when we need him . - Hi . - Hi . We came as soon as we heard . Yeah , we just wanted to say , you know , hang in there . How you feeling ? Well , I 've felt better . This isn 't going to last forever , is it ? I mean , they 're going to figure out a way to get you back to normal , right ? I hope so . They 're not saying anything . How did this happen ? I 'm not really sure . This machine seemed to have infused me with an enormous amount of energy . And we 're not sure how much stronger I 'm going to get . What if this never goes away ? We 've got the best scientists available working on it and Professor Peterson is doing the best he can . We 've just got to have hope . Well , who did this to you ? I don 't know . What 's happening ? Superboy ! Somebody help ! How are you feeling now , Superboy ? I 've never had a hangover but I 'd imagine this is what it 'd feel like . Well , we 're still working on the calculations but we 're definitely making some headway . I 've made some calculations based upon my research . I 'm just afraid I 'm not going to have enough time . Government officials will neither confirm nor deny rumors that Superboy caused extensive damage to the abandoned nuclear power plant ... Good , good , good , right on schedule . Well , I 'm sure the governor will be most cooperative now . Time to pay Supey a visit . Give him an offer he can 't refuse . Darla , where 's my pass ? What pass ? The government ID I forged . Oh , it 's right here . Why are you always moving my stuff ? Ha , ha , ha , gotcha . Don 't I always come through ? Well , well , well , I see they 've given you the deluxe accommodations . Who is it ? Take a wild guess . Lex Luthor . Right . Now are you going to take the cash or go for the convertible ? I don 't understand . Well , I had a little time on my hands . Thought I 'd drop in and entertain ya ! # I 'm just a singing fool , I 've come to sing for you # I ... Oh , I 'm sorry . Is the super hearing a little sensitive this morning ? Oh , I forgot ! Stop , Luthor . Make me . Come on , touch me , Superboy , touch me , I dare you . Oh , but that would kill me and we all know Superboy doesn 't believe in taking human lives 'cause he 's so good . Come on , Superboy , touch me , give me five . I dare you , double dare . You 're sick , Luthor . What are you doing here ? I don 't believe it , the Boy of Steel backing away from little old me . What do you want from me ? I just want to help . You see I 'm the one that did this to you and I can undo it . How are you going to do that ? That 's for me to know and you to find out . But let 's just say a flick of a switch and you 'll be right back to normal , easy as pie . And what 's in it for you ? My freedom . I 'm sick of being a fugitive . I want a full pardon from the governor . Not a chance , Luthor . The governor 'll never agree to that . Well , maybe if you ask him real nice , say please . Get out , Luthor . I wouldn 't be too hasty , Superboy , you know your condition is going to get worse and worse and worse . Now , temper , temper . You 're really pushing your luck , Luthor . Well , I guess I gotta run . # It breaks my heart to say farewell # Bye-bye , Superboy . Think about my offer . Superboy , what 's wrong ? He was here . Lex Luthor was here . Just try and stay calm , Superboy . Stay calm or you could destroy the whole plant . But governor , we 've got some of the best scientists available working on it . I have taken all of that into consideration , Superboy , and I 've just got to give in to Luthor 's demands . Now , we can 't take the chance that you 'll get worse . You 've just got to give me more time . There is no more time , Superboy . I have agreed with Luthor 's demands . I 'm requesting that you be at the signing . I give you my word if that 's your request . I hate this as much as you do , Superboy , but the world just can 't afford to lose you . I understand . Superboy , you 're not going to believe this but I think we found the answer . It was under our noses all the time . Now , we were able to get ahold of some government plutonium rods . We should be able to drain your energy with the rods just as they do in a reactor . I 've already given the governor my word that I would show up . We 've got to try it . We 'll find out one way or the other in time . Ta da ! No , please , please , hold the applause . You 're too kind , you 're too kind . Greetings , governor . Hey , buddy , where 's the red carpet ? I hate doing this , Luthor . This is blackmail , you know ? Yes , well , you 're a politician . Isn 't that business as usual ? The lawyers went over the document and if you restore Superboy to normal , I 'll grant you a full pardon . Signed , sealed and delivered . Now , where 's our sick supey ? Hmm ? He 's on his way . Hey , look , it 's getting close to the deadline . If he decides not to show , I still get my pardon . That 's part of the bargain . He 'll be here . Ah ! Hark . Superboy , I love the new look . Tell me , who 's your tailor ? Can we get on with this ? Sure . You just grab the back of the bumper , I zap you with the reverse charge and everything will be back to normal except I will be free as a spring breeze . You see , it 's a beautiful deal . Everybody gets what they want . Sounds great . Let 's shake on it . Now , that 's funny . Come on , Luthor , shake . Whoa , whoa , whoa , let 's cut the comedy and get down to business , okay ? No handshake , no deal . Hey , back off , Frankenstein . What do you think I 'm nuts ? You trying to kill me ? Hey ! You 're a policeman , do something . No , no , no , no , no , no , no , please , please , please don 't touch me . Don 't touch me . Chill out , Luthor . You didn 't , I 'm not ... What happened ? My theory proved to be correct . We were able to drain my excess energy with plutonium rods . Plutonium ? And you didn 't cure me , Luthor , and that means you don 't get pardoned . Our deal was you were to cure Superboy , Luthor . Seeing as how you didn 't , our officers will take you into custody . You can 't do that . It 's not fair ! It 's not fair ! It 's not fair ! It 's not fair , it 's not fair , it 's not fair ... A robot ! I should have known . Luthor tricked us . You win this time , Luthor , but there will be a next time . I was that close to freedom . Damn that Superboy ! Well , Lex , honey , it almost worked , almost . He was right about one thing though . There will be a next time . Captioned by Grant Brown
