 [ Music playing ] [ Music playing ] FEMALE VOICE : I am your protector . We were once very close , me and Captain Goeb You used me often , And I served you well . Now that you are someone else , let us pray For the proper restoration of your psyche . I want you back , and as Goeb . I made this record for you to help bring you back Across that psychic chasm over which redevelopment So brutally groomed you . With your clairvoyant values ... If they can be retrieved ... You could still become one of the most powerful figures This galaxy has ever known . This is a record of events pertaining to your downfall . It is based on your own memories in the hours Prior to your redevelopment . In your hands , this record is , of course , illegal . If it is ever recovered by the Imperial College ... The seat of power in the upper echelons Which you once strove to reach ... All my memories will be erased . The artificial intelligence analog an organic death . On the other hand , if this record Succeeds in its function , you will remember who you were . The record begins here . The empire is at war with Andromeda . When the empire was on the verge of defeat , Sabotage became an acceptable tool to use Against Andromeda industries . The civil prison colonies became a likely source For volunteer saboteurs . You sought to use these circumstances to rid Yourself of two men ... Jessup and Sodenkal ... Who stood in your way . [ Music playing ] FEMALE VOICE : Since interstellar space has no gas , There are no sounds . There is only silence . We cannot hear the passing of starships , Nor can one hear the sound of a ship being destroyed . Unless , of course , it 's your own . [ ALARM SOUNDING , PEOPLE GROANING ] [ Music playing ] FEMALE VOICE : The galaxy is not a place between two stars . Rather , it is a honeycomb of darkness , Spaces , where intelligent beings struggle for power . The power struggles between starships Are often of less relevance than those which occur aboard them . [ Music playing ] [ Footsteps ] You . I told you before it was enough . And I suggested you were becoming Addicted to your pleasure pack . I could have you executed for this , captain . Forgive me for contradicting you , But not until I finished your sight profile . You are failing in your primary leadership function . For two days , the fleet has been waiting on your orders . Don 't tell me how to command . I 'm telling you to command . I am now in preparation . They always give you a night to prepare yourself Before ... my name is Goeb . As sight prompter to the admiral , Sodenkal , I had prestige , power , although I was his total servant . A sight prompter 's sworn goal is to maintain The ego and the emotional integrity of the assignment . We give anything . There are no boundaries , no inviolable Emotional or physical spaces . My prescription for certain kinds Would consistent of whatever he needed or wanted . GOEB ( VOICEOVER ) : Sodenkal was reasonably proficient In bed for an admiral . Among the pillars of power in the galaxy , Morality isn 't judged according to the norm Of the little people . Morality , as always , scales according To the power of the individual . My first mistake was helping Sodenkal out of this addiction , Thus setting in motion my drift toward survival flux Critical node with Jessup 's gang on the 1,000 light Years-distant Talsetti prison colony to where I 'd Sentenced Jessup years before . Talsetti 's rivers contain the valued mineral , percel , As well as poison worms . Prospecting for percel is the sole occupation Of the prisoners of the primitive Talsetti . [ Fly buzzing ] Only wizards , no women . It 's your teeth , Ronzo . It 's your green teeth that 's keeping them away . You get me a woman , and I 'll chuck the [ inaudible ] . We 've got company . [ Music playing ] Toss me a spear , Reinder . REINDER : He 's crossing . ( SHOUTING ) Hey you ! Get back . Get back out of there . There are worms in there . [ Music playing ] Get back ! What are you , crazy ? He 's coming toward us . We gotta move fast . [ Man yelping ] Whoa , it 'll just come out the other side . What a little poison shit . Nah , don 't . You 'll just break it off . [ Man yelping ] OK , the end 's sealed up . You drink the water , you gotta take a pill . Law of the land lately . No . I lost mine days ago . Where 'd you come from ? Downstream . New group of prisoners . Women ? Any women ? One . We 're not going anywhere , Ronzo . You don 't have to go . Reinder and I will go . No . C 'mon , Reinder . [ Ronzo grunting ] Ronzo , you got gonads for brains . We 're not getting in any fights with any women . Oh yeah , that 's right . What do you care ? You 've got yourself a woman . JESSUP : She 's not my woman . When big tits calls you over , I suppose you call Over for pleasant conversation . Shut up , Ronzo . Hey , kid , the leader of this band Have a scar down the left side of his face . I dunno , it happened so quick . Yeah , I think he did . Well , Ronzo , you want to take on Scars ' men all by yourself ? You can stay here tonight . You 're not thinking of taking him in . Where else is he going to go ? What we need is a woman that can cook . Scars has the woman . Besides , he 's a greeny . He wouldn 't know the difference between a black hole And a targis venus . You have gravity was sucking them in . Kid , can you cook . I tried to make something called oatmeal once . Probably tasted like targis shit . Fed it to the cat . Died , didn 't it ? Ronzo , take care of him . Ronzo ? OK , kid , what 's your name ? Newstead . A greeny named Newstead . We 'll call 'em Newy . C 'mon , Newy . I 'll show you some of our uncivilized world . [ Screaming ] So this is like your home planet , huh , kid ? Yeah , at least in a lot of ways . C 'mon , kid . [ Ronzo chuckling ] [ Newstead yelling ] Hello , baby . Just like your home planet , huh , kid ? It 's all right , kid . One day , Ronzo . One day , you 're going to go to far . Let 's go home , kid . So it 's like your home planet , huh , kid ? [ Worm whimpering ] Why not turn it over to the XN95 analysis Group for a game plan ? Those eggheads and their computers Can do a beautiful job taking input parameters And coming up with exact results . But what about when the input parameters Are an insignificant fraction of the unknowns , Goeb ? What does XN95 know about Gaussian strategy ? Your brilliance and sensitivity to the shadow flux Has been proven many times , Sodenkal . But you have to grasp reality . If you don 't know what to do , why not ask Admiral Pelson what she 'd do . I told you before , I don 't trust Pelson . She only thinks five , maybe 10 years ahead To a possible position in the Imperial College . And you 're thinking of eternity . Is that it ? Get out . Yes . And I 'll be taking this with me . No . You [ inaudible ] . Ask Pelson for brainstorm as to possible moves . It 'll make her feel needed . Give XN95 some of the smaller parts of the problem , Just as an exercise . It 'll make them feel useful . She 's right . I unwittingly , through my own cleverness , In mentioning Pelson ... Who I 'd not even met ... Found myself more clearly to an eventual survival Flux critical node with Jessup 's gang on the distant Talsetti . There 's slide and creepers . The worms you already met . That 's about it , except for the jumpers . How big are they ? 'Bout as big as you and me ? Insects ? RONZO : No , kid , they 're people . Oh , you mean claim jumpers . Oh , you mean claim jumpers . What 'd you think I meant , man-eating grasshoppers ? [ Music playing ] Hey kid . [ Music playing ] C 'mon , Newy , put it in the community stash . It 's all for one of in this outfit . I want to look at it first . Let 's see what you got there , kid . Now that one 's fantastic . Yeah , sure , kid . Hey , not doing too bad for a Newy . That 's a real good , commercial quality , uh , crascell . Jessup , c 'mere . I told you that one was fantastic . That ? That ain 't worth slide spit . Jessup , c 'mere . JESSUP : What d 'you got ? The kid found purple flank . We , uh , we have some mock purple in there ? Why do you say mock purple , man ? This is the real stuff . Purple flake . Look at it . What makes you so sure ? Because I 've worked every river and stream around this place . Because I 've worked in winters when you could see your breath Freeze right in front of your face , And summers when the jumpers come after your water Instead of your crascell . Because I spent more time on this stinking hole of a planet Than all of you guys . And because a purple flake , that leads you to a fire gem . And a fire gem , that leads us to freedom off of this planet . Where were you working exactly today ? Just upstream from you . C 'mon , I want you to show me right where it is . Hey , hold on , Ronzo . You 're not going anywhere . What do you mean , hold on ? The kid ... the kid found purple flake . We gotta know exactly where it is . We 'll wait till morning . No , we 've gotta know now , Jessup . It can wait . Suppose the kid goes off to take a piss And he steps on a slide . Or suppose a creeper crawls into his bag tonight . Yeah , and suppose Vicho or Scars has A spy up there on that hill . And they 're watching you , seeing how you 're Talking , how you 're acting . We wait till tomorrow . You wait and just relax . Addiction , even physiological ones , Are mostly in mind , since one always make a choice . Once non-addictive life is not positive enough , You will not become an addict of anything , not even of power . Under my skilled guidance , Sodenkal made A quick if temporary recovery . He resumed command of the fleet and began again to take The advice of his staff . You do look well , Sodenkal . There were rumors ... They 're rumors , Pelson . Just rumors . I thought so . But I 've been a little bull-headed On some strategic issues , and I 've made some mistakes . I need your help . GOEB ( VOICEOVER ) : As the fleet began to move again , My critical node was continuing to build On the far side of the galaxy . Slowly , wave by wave , a gigantic crest was forming . [ Music playing ] Next time , it might be one of Scars ' men , or something worse . Next time I catch you like this on night duty , I 'm gonna peel your eyelid back . And I was nice enough to give you my night duty . C 'mon kid . Let 's go look for some of that purple flake . You sure this is the right place , kid ? Well , I 'm not sure . I was working both sides yesterday . Yeah , I think it is . Come on , baby . Come on , purple baby . You beautiful , worm-filled stream , put some purple flake Right here in my hand , huh ? Come on . Somebody 's coming [ inaudible ] . [ Weird sound ] REINDER : It 's Bremen . RONZO : What the hell 's he doing barging in here for ? You slides are gonna have to work a lot harder . Your last load was too light . Been overcharging your pleasure packs , Bremen ? You 're bleeding from your pleasure jack ? [ Ronzo chuckling ] RONZO : Just kidding , Bremen . Just kidding . Ronzo , one day I 'm going to get you . Oh ? You know , you prison scum have one thing in common . You all stink . You 're so different ? Kiss ass got himself a nice job with the empire And an extra hole in his head . And this . Ooh , what 're you gonna do , kill me with that toy ? No , but I 'm gonna knock you down With it if you don 't shut up . All right , Bremen , you delivered your message . You can leave now . Warden wants to see you , Jessup . Yeah ? Well , the warden can just get in line . Jessup , let 's go . Let 's go . Just kidding , right ? I 'll be back this afternoon , Reinder . C 'mon , Bremen . Well , Bremen , how 's the war going ? You know I can 't discuss those things with you . Oh , come on . We know there 's something wrong . We haven 't been getting any water . Don 't complain , we haven 't been getting any either . You mean the synthesizer 's down ? And you can 't get any parts for it . Empire must be getting a little kick In the ass in this war , huh ? ( SHOUTING ) Don 't talk like that ! It 's dangerous Just relax , Bremen . Nobody can hear you out here . Besides , if they did , you tell them You don 't even know me , hey ? OK , buddy ? Jessup , this way . Where we going ? The warden is camping . You gotta be kidding . This I wanna see . GOEB ( VOICEOVER ) : Krista the Talsetti warden . She was another like Jessup who once stood in my way . I had her banished to Talsetti to supervise the prison colony . One can 't sink much lower down in the prison hierarchy . Oh , but Krista was a clever player . Heh . She found compensation . She enjoyed the pleasure pack and was Having an affair with Jessup . That was a dangerous combination for me . What 're you doing out here in a tent ? Taking a vacation since this morning . It 's better than my plastic shape walls of my residence , Don 't you think ? Oh , I wouldn 't think that luxury Would be sufficient enough for you out here . Oh , Jess , you 've never shown such a keen interest In my comfort before . Why 'd you call for me ? Let 's not make things difficult . Are you going to make things easier ? I 'll try not to make it too hard for you , Jess . [ Music playing ] I just want you to get Bremen off our backs . The empire needs more crascell , especially now that ... What ? You know I can 't talk about it . Well , you 're going to lose yourself a trustee if you Don 't teach him any manners . [ Weird sound ] What are you doing here ? You sent for me . To wait outside , of course . Yes , warden . [ Weird sound ] Did you ever wonder why they didn 't send a man of your skill To one of the pleasure colonies ? All the time . An awful [ inaudible ] to encourage Pleasure-backed addiction among prisoners . I guess a judge just didn 't like me . No , it 's all done very scientifically . We consider everything about you in the possible prison Colonies . And I mean everything . Well , maybe he sent me here just for you To ease your pain in exile . Maybe they did . [ Weird sound ] The order from off-planet is that we are to be less Generous with synthetic food . You mean the fight devalued crascell ? Yes . I doubt that will be very productive . The prisoners will just seek out more natural foodstuffs . Very astute , but irrelevant . The empire 's losses are causing a need for more crascell . We have less ability to produce synthetics , Or anything for that matter . I suppose you want me to tell Jessup when I escort him back . Yes , and get the word to the other trustees . My first meeting with Admiral Pelson ... Sodenkal 's highest ranking subordinate ... Was in her bed via com screen . ROBOT VOICE : On . Admiral Pelson , I 'm Captain Goeb , Admiral Sodenkal 's new sight prompter . I 'm in bed , captain . Please forgive me . When I 'm in space , day and night lose all meaning for me . I spend all my time working and never sleep . But you do go to bed . GOEB : Pardon ? Though you don 't sleep , you do go to bed . Occasionally , yes . And do you feel you are working then ? Call me tomorrow . Perhaps in my calling you , I 've been A bit overzealous in my concern for Whether Admiral Sodenkal contacted You in the last day or two . Don 't play with me , captain . I 've had the standard courses and sight flux . You must 've known it was my bed time . You wanted our first meeting to be in bed . My bed . Captain , your bedtime reputation had preceded you . I 'm two times your age , and I 've seen Lovers blistered while standing next to me in battle . So don 't expect to make a conquest of me , But we may get along . I look forward to calling you tomorrow . Are you dismissing me ? I beg your pardon . I thought you wished me to call tomorrow . You are dismissed , captain . Off . Her childhood is the key . Take me to the sense of her childhood . Pelson 's effervescent sexuality smacked something delicious . I felt an unusual tingle that the thought Of this particularly ravishing stepping stone on my climb To a chair in the Imperial College Might provide me some extra sensual delights . Let 's see , KSR dash 22 . Synthesized . Ah , PQ dash 194 . Ditto . Now here 's an interesting one . OR dash 7 . [ Ronzo burps ] Very satisfying . That 's our best source of protein . What 's the OR stand for ? Operating room . He 's kidding , isn 't he ? Waste not , want not . Which lead me to the subject of this afternoon 's summit . Gonna have to go easy on the food Until the next palette arrives . I thought deliveries were scheduled ? Um , what 's up , Jessup ? Well , it seems like the empire 's Had a few minor setbacks in the war . The food deliveries are gonna be somewhat sketchy . But we were told ... Yeah , we were told where to find purple flake , too , But it wasn 't there . You ever seen a fire gem ? Just once , about seven ... No , it was 10 years ago . These other guys found one . Rolling along the bottom of a creek bed . Yeah , all the purple flake was gone because it 'd Been tumbling over the rapids . And these guys weren 't stupid . They knew they needed somebody to protect them . So they cut a bunch of us in . And I got to hold it once , just for a moment . It was beautiful . Incredibly beautiful . You know , though , but when you held it in your hand , You felt it had more than appearance . You felt it had its own presence . How much did it sell for ? Oh , there 's the ripper . Next day , the guards came in , took the fire gem away , Laughed at us . Not gonna happen this time . We 're sitting on some purple here . We 're gonna get it . GOEB ( VOICEOVER ) : My conquest of Pelson was well underway . By the time she , I , and Sodenkal met for the first time , I had synthesized a scent which was a distillation of smells From the comfort and safety of her childhood . That was the trust factor Am essential in a power-rich Environment where quickly everyone Learns to distrust everyone . Goeb , you 've done your job quite well . In fact , your efforts here have been invaluable . Thank you , sir . I made a note in your service record . You 're very kind , sir . Please excuse me now , for I know you And Admiral Pelson have strategy to discuss . That girl is a genius . If every flag officer in the fleet had a sight like her , We 'd be winning the war . On the way over , she asked me to dine . What do you think ? About what ? About her and me in bed ? She 's an opportunist , of course . Yes , but can she be trusted ? Goeb aspires to a position in the Imperial College , As do you . Don 't deny it , Pelson , it 's quite all right to use me When the fleet is a stepping stone . I 've never wanted anything more than I have now , Except to win this bloody war . RONZO : Well , kid , my name is Dike . NEWSTEAD : Dike ? RONZO : Yeah . I used to do , uh , espionage . You know what that is ? NEWSTEAD : Yeah , yeah . RONZO : I used to work for big companies [ inaudible ] . NEWSTEAD : Yeah . Well , what happened to him ? RONZO : He got caught . NEWSTEAD : Oh . RONZO : I used to do sabotage work . Y 'know , get inside . NEWSTEAD : Did they pay for that ? RONZO : Oh , man , did they pay . Those guys got the big bucks , man . But anyhow , I got caught . My last job , of course . Never got caught before . So they sent me to this piss hole of a planet With targis shit all over . NEWSTEAD : It was my last job , too . RONZO : Yeah ? What happened to you ? NEWSTEAD : Oh , I was a computer expert ever since I was a kid . RONZO : Computers , eh ? NEWSTEAD : Yeah . Anyway , they did this audit and I got caught . RONZO : You got caught , huh ? Oh , what would a gig like that ... What would a gig like that pay For ? NEWSTEAD : Well , I 'm I was shaving , uh , 130 % off a $ 100 billion deal . I would 've cleared about 10 million credits . RONZO : Oh yeah ? 10 million credits ? All right , you had me going there , jack . NEWSTEAD : No , it 's true . RONZO : Oh , you 're telling the truth . NEWSTEAD : Yeah . RONZO : That 's really true ? NEWSTEAD : Yeah . My best job , I only got 2 mil . NEWSTEAD : No shit . You you 're all right , kid . Got nabbed on your first job . Hey , I 'll make you a deal . We get off this planet , me and you stick together . We 're gonna go places . Huh ? All right . I 'll be back . See ya later . Well , Newy , what 'd you think of that ? You mean [ inaudible ] ? Mmhmm . He 's not what I expected . He doesn 't seem cool-headed enough . The man 's a complete liar . What did he really do ? I never asked him . What about Jessup ? And what about you ? What 's your story ? Ronzo spoke for me . Ronzo told you my story . PELSON : Here 's my [ inaudible ] flip To regal stimulation sequence . [ Weird noises ] The high frequency tracers seem to have touched Your more primitive being . There are no rules here , no honor . The thing which iterates several times Is the filthiest thing that a civilized [ inaudible ] can do . Commit sabotage . It 's against fleet code and centuries all moral traditions . You asked for free form . Allow me to point out that I have Not made any recommendations . No need to be defensive , Pelson . God , no . That 's exactly the answer I 've been fighting within myself . Well , we 've got our work cut out . She has the industrial targets for sabotage teams . We 'll need the toughest people in the empire . [ Music playing ] Wow , what a throw . I 'll teach you how to do that , kid . Why , don 't we have any other weapons ? Rocks . Is that all ? It 's all that 's legal . Anything metal carries a death penalty . C 'mon , kid . Give me a hand , kid . There we go . Watch it , kid . Heh . I got this toy , kid . NEWSTEAD : Hey , isn 't that illegal ? Capital offense . NEWSTEAD : Looks like you could hold off an army . You could hold off an army . [ Laser noise ] If you had a power source . See this here , kid ? C 'mere . If you plug this into , uh , a standard Kelso 70 power matrix . That 's it . You could blow a whole in a nymph battlefield . [ Weird noise ] Get that ruptor out of sight . C 'mon . We got company coming . Company ? Yeah , the warden 's sending us some greenies this morning . Right on top of our fire gem ? We don 't need any new members to ... to share this with . Let 's go to work . See , here they come . [ Weird noise ] Look at the face on that one . She looks like a borble fish . I wonder what sins of the flesh landed her in this hole . You 'd get a 10-year sentence just imagining it . A few days ago , you could think of nothing but women . A few days ago ? That 's before Newy found that purple flake . Watch me get rid of them . I 'm gonna run 'em off . [ Ronzo shouting ] [ Ronzo shouting ] [ Woman whimpering ] What 's your name , little girl ? Tessa . Back away . OK , precious . You wanna join our group ? You 're in . I said my name 's Tessa . OK , precious . Apologize to her , Ronzo . No . Such a kind , kind man . Apologize to her . What , to this little rug rat ? I know her school , Ronzo . And she 'll have to kill you . No , I ain 't apologizing to no greeny broad . [ Ronzo grunting ] Get up and say you 've apologized , Ronzo . My dear man . Poor , forlorn , lonely bush god . All right , what do I care ? I 'm here for the duration . Sorry , little girl . I 'm sorry , Tessa . Big deal . This is your friend ? Yeah . Nice . I don 't mind showing her around . Well , it looks like you got yourself a woman , Ronzo . Wish you could never want anyone else . Watch out , kid . She 's tough . [ Music playing ] You don 't like me to use it , do you ? It 'd be more correct to say it 's one of the things That causes me to dislike you . I really don 't care how you destroy yourself . [ Krista giggling ] What a little boy you are . The powerful people in this galaxy use it regularly . Yes . They 're addicted to it . What rich people will become addicted ? Ambitious people use it to get somewhere . And you ? I suppose you think it 's going to get you off this planet . You obviously never had the pleasure jack implanted . No , I never felt the need for one . But we 'd colonize an entire galaxy without this . Yes , Jess , but it 's a whole empire together that needs it . Yeah , well to hell with the empire . Most of the systems would rather be free . You 're fairly reckless . You know , if you had said that in a hallway Of a capital system , you 'd have your tongue cut out . Well , the empire sunk to a lower level of [ inaudible ] Than I 'd imagined . I didn 't mean it literally . I meant that there is a [ inaudible ] Center of your brain . That 's very modern . Makes it much better . Yes , it does . So you think you understand it ? You give it a try . Wow , you learn fast . Well , that 's depressing . [ Music playing ] Bushka , what 's so deep in there ? Hold it right here . Now look at the target , and throw it . Well , it went in the right direction . Let 's try it again . Let 's try something else here . One more time . This . No , this . Uh , practice a little bit , huh ? Bushka , you hit the target . Bushka hit the target . [ Bushka squealing ] [ Music playing ] Would you like to have some chocolate wine ? It 's very delicate . It captures the essence without being the slightest bit sweet . Wonder how it goes with KSR-22 . What ? I 'll have some . You must breathe it deeply , like this . Like that . That 's right . How does it feel ? Now take a sip . [ Music playing ] It 's aphrodisiac . Well , that explains a few things about you . What do you want ? What do you want ? I want to learn to fight like you . I don 't think so . Why not ? You want to be a hero . So you 're a psychoanalyst as well as a warrior ? Percel 's our answer . Are you arrogant because you 're a fighter , Or did you inherit it ? You may not speak to me that way . Hey . What about jumpers ? We need to protect what we find . Others have paid me well to teach them . I want to learn . Teach me . The essence of efficient fighting is self-control . Now during this first exercise , I want you to remain very calm . Otherwise , we 'll be spit at by the slide at rest On those rocks over there . What do you want me to do ? First , relax , or we 'll both die . Then what , kill the slide ? The slide doesn 't want to kill us . Why should you want to kill it ? Well , what do I do ? Caress it . I held one the other day . They 're very lovely . Slides are deadly . So am I when I 'm threatened . You must approach it as a friend . It 'll respond to affection . But ... Kiss me . Come on . Ooh . Ronzo . [ Music playing ] Way to go , kid . Maybe there 's more to him than meets the eye . There it is . Come on . Come on , you beauty . Come on . Here , don 't be scared . Oh , you 're beautiful . Do you want to pet it ? Oh , don 't touch it there . That makes it mad . Pet it under here . It 's fuzzy . OK , now go into it . This hand should be lower . There you go . Now you 're in the basic Aldebran stance . Aldebran . Yes , named after the solar system . Move your weight more forward . OK . When do I learn to kick ? You 're too impatient . We 'll get to kicks tomorrow . You 're good . I know ladies in the capital system Who would pay a fortune for a man like you . That 's what I am to you ? You can get back at them by having Something they can 't have . I 'm sorry , Jess . I didn 't mean in that way . I mean , yes , that 's part of it . That 's not all of it . We all have to make our peace with the universe somehow . That 's what I am ? A piece ? Oh , Jess , please don 't . Oh , I 'm sorry . [ Music playing ] There 's something different ... Something different about you Lately . Somehow more alive . And willing . Yeah , well , maybe my visits here Are beginning to tell me that the universe Hasn 't forgotten me . Condemned , not forgotten . What 's the difference ? The empire keeps records on all its citizens . FEMALE VOICE : Hello , Captain Goeb . You want information about the suitability of Jessup 's Gang as a sabotage gang . Jessup was sent to Talsetti for unknown reasons . His trial 's proceedings are classified . As you know , that may simply mean That he earned the disfavor of someone In power who wanted to be rid of him . Perhaps you know something more about that . His leadership qualities are excellent , As you 've already surmised . I shouldn 't have worried about Jessup Since his true identity was unknown , His title , inheritance . But I had a premonition . He was too well harmonized with the survival flux . Unless he were dead , I could never be certain . I should have lived with that uncertainty . [ Music playing ] GOEB ( VOICEOVER ) : Vicho 's jumpers ... Another group of prisoners on the colony ... Became an interference factor . [ Music playing ] BUSHKA : What 's this ? Ronzo , look . This one 's purple . Ow . Ronzo ? Ronzo , keep this . [ Music playing ] What 's a pretty little girl like that Doing in such a weak group ? She 's got no protection . Yeah , I may just take it on myself To protect her all night . Why do you have first go with every new girl we get ? Hey . Look who else is going to turn into a eunuch next time Come sniffing around my bed . Well , what can we do for you boys ? We just want your stash , pally . Just your stash . Oh , you 're too late . We had a pick-up yesterday . You know what I think , Vicho ? I think he smells like a liar . Look for yourselves in the stream . You 're welcome to dig with us . We 'll let ya keep half of what you find . Hey , don 't play with us , pally . You ain 't had no turn in . I 'll let you have a full palette there . Hear that , Reinder ? He has full palettes . Take the girl . She 'll talk . You picked the wrong camp this time , Vicho . What 's with you , worm face ? Well , let 's just say it wouldn 't be wise to mess With the warden 's man . [ Vicho laughing ] Well , that 's no problem . It means we 'll have to kill you pack of worms Before we take your stash . I was hoping you 'd say that . What 're you waiting for ? Get the girl . Run , Bushka , run . [ Bushka screaming ] [ Various people shouting ] ( SHOUTING ) Ronzo ! Ronzo ! Oh . Bushka , breathe for Ronzo . She couldn 't have choked you that bad . Bushka , breathe for Ronzo . Dammit . I kept telling her not to work so deep . Kept telling her not to work so deep in the stream . This is a piss hole of a stream . I 'm really sorry . All my life on this targis shit planet . Worms . Watch the worms . I watch the worms . I watch the worms . I watch the worms . I watch the worms . Watch the worms . ( SHOUTING ) Dammit , Ronzo , get out of there ! [ Various people shouting ] ( SHOUTING ) Stop it , Ronzo ! Stop it ! Come on back . Let him go . [ Music playing ] [ Whispering ] They found fire gems . The most compact form of wealth in the galaxy . If only I 'd known in time . Why didn 't you just kill them out there ? Nobody would care . I 'm not a butcher . Come here and sit by me . Actually , I 'd rather you did not . I 'm told Bricka has spent more time here than any other woman . How is she ? She 's under psychdelic , of course , And babbling something about purple . What do you expect me to do with them ? I don 't know . You know I have no facilities for keeping them . I 'll either have to have them executed Or release them into the bush again . That 's what Ronzo said . Ronzo may be a pig , but his actually has got Years of experience out here . More than anybody else . You don 't know what you 're talking about . There 's guys that have been here more than 20 years . He was born here . It 's in the record . [ Music playing ] So what about the prisoners ? Do what you think is right . There is no right out here , Jess . Not for them , not for you , and not for me . [ Music playing ] ( SHOUTING ) Empire , can you hear me ? She never should 've been sent here . I 'll make you pay for it . FEMALE VOICE : Ronzo 's record is rather sketchy due to the fact That he has spent his whole life in the Talsetti prison colony . He 's completely uncivilized though quite intelligent . His health is exceptional . He could live in the quadra sands deserts or the ice Mountains of Kindaro without noting Much more of the difference than the frequency Of his own urinations . If the empire should every decay , The fragments could easily be usurped by brutes such as this . When I realized that Ronzo was the key To toppling Sodenkal in the same stroke , I became overconfident . In my lust for power , I didn 't realize How near I was to danger . I want this to work . His use of obsequious humility to cover his ambitions For a chair in the Imperial College Is becoming an intolerable aggravations . I 've researched it carefully . The team as a hole is tops . No way for Sodenkal to reject it . But one man does have a rare personality aberration ... Latent hypoloxia pilosis . Once he realizes what power we put in his hands , He 'll turn it on the empire . And goodbye Sodenkal . You are sure you 're clear ? Even if I fail to prove the free form was forged By Sodenkal , it 's still on record That I never formally recommended To use them for sabotage . Let me compliment us both on our brilliance . And let me compliment you who created this situation . [ Footsteps appraoching ] I have finished my review of the proposed sabotage teams . I think you 've both done a very fine job Of screening the possibilities . You 've found a particularly promising group In one of the prison colonies , Talsetti . Thank you , sir . However , bandits members leaves me with an uneasy feeling . I think he should be deleted from that team . What 's the matter with him , sir ? I don 't know . It 's just a premonition . I 'm surprised you didn 't catch it . Whom do you mean ? Perhaps you could review the Talsetti prison team again . Tell me what you think . But sir , I must question the wisdom of deleting anybody . These teams were chosen for their proven harmonic modes With the survival flux . Deleting even one member may be destroying the entire team . Nonetheless , I 'd like a formal recommendation from each of you As to who should be deleted from this particular team . GOEB ( VOICEOVER ) : A chill went up my spine as Sodenkal Turned to walk away . That was the first time I sensed the danger . If my momentum had not already become so high , I ... I would 've known to run . For a moment , I ... I wondered what Pelson was thinking . That was the first time I felt the fleeting exit Of a mind skin . Only then did I realize that also Pelson had psychic power . Her powers were more advanced than mine , Or I would 've detected her intrusions before . I was cool and calm . As the visage of an oncoming critical mode struck , Like the image of a tidal wave would appear to one For having stood for minutes with his back to it , Turns around just in time to see it crashing down on him . That man in the prison colony , the sick one . Ronzo . Yes , Ronzo . It 's imperative he be included . For our purposes , yes . But Sodenkal 's outmaneuvered us . I don 't see how Ronzo can be included now . I have a way . I 'll arrange for you to personally make The clemency offer to the Talsetti team . They aren 't going to accept without Ronzo . Check the whole team out and send a message Back here to Sodenkal about what you did , And requesting he reply . If he disapproves of your action , I 'll see that the message is derailed long enough . And if you fail ? Trust me . It seems the whole risk is falling on me . Yes . As a proof of our love . GOEB ( VOICEOVER ) : I could recamouflage A mind scan into Pelson . I ran into scan blocks everywhere . Pelson smiled quietly at me . So all my reckless fingering through her mind Had been an allowed arrangement . I knew now I 'd been subjugated . My only choice was to obey here , hope she wouldn 't punish me . If she liked the pleasures I provided , she might keep me . Maybe I could rise with her . Even a chair in the Imperial College was still possible . You 've never been against a fight before . I think we should watch them for a while To see what 's going on . You weren 't coming back from the river this morning at all . You turned targo on me ... No . With one of them . No , I wouldn 't . Oh , yes you would . And you did . Vicho ? Scars , take her . Oh , look at the lovebirds . We 're going to kill them all . Except for the girl . Let 's go . I don 't like the odds . Maybe they 'd be willing to make a deal . REINDER : Maybe they won 't . Newstead , pull out the ruptor . And don 't show it unless I give the signal . Don 't look like they want to make a deal . They want blood . Quickly . Quickly . [ Various people yelling ] Juice them with it . ( SHOUTING ) They got a ruptor ! Truce . I call a truce . What do you want ? VICHO : What 've you got ? For you ? Bright boy . Ruptor ? VICHO : Hah . What else ? It 's not enough ? Hey , pally , we can make life pretty tough for you Just by waiting on the other side of that river . That 's fine , if you want a bunch of scorched asses . Hey , it 's just a matter of time . You won 't be able to sleep , eat . You won 't be able to take a leak without worrying one of my boys Is going to pop up and stick you . [ Music playing ] [ Weird noise ] You sent for me ? I want to go into the bush . No . If you cherish your position here , You won 't vocal insolence . I meant ... I meant only that that would be very dangerous . Oh . Why do you think so ? A warden 's never gone into the bush . You mean up until now . Turn around . BREMEN : I can 't say how the prisoner 's would respond . Is that all that worries you ? You 're a woman . Women are a little more than chattel Over most of this planet , and there 's Way too few of them around . Your presence could start a riot , or who knows . I strongly advise against it . And you 'll come with me . Your approach was always to say with good rapport , You have the prisoners . Show me . What are you waiting for , you scummers ? Finish it . Hey Vicho , I didn 't know there was going to be a ruptor . Wha ... he doesn 't dare use it . The guards would know . [ Inaudible ] Oh , yes , he does . He won 't . Oh , I oughta know more than to argue with a man who can 't Even control his own woman . [ Grunts ] Yeah , great . That 's just great . I 'm sick of all them before it 's time to cool off . Let 's go . Hold it . Someone 's coming through . The warden . Bricka tell you ? She was babbling about some purple . I didn 't think of it when you left , But there 's something different about you . Something happy and vigorous , like a wild animal That has just been freed . That 's what the fire gems are to us , Jess . It 's our freedom to love . You ever seen the warden in the bush before ? Something hot going on down there . The warden knows , and we 'll be out in the cold Unless we get down there and kill them all right now . Hold it . Someone else is coming through . [ Weird noise ] VICHO : Bremen . In trouble . The transport [ Weird noise ] VICHO : It 's broken down . Hah . They 're gonna have a long walk home . Let 's go . Vicho , you 're crazy . I 'm not going up against two thumpers and a ruptor . Those thumpers , they 're nothing at this range . They 'll only knock you down if they hit you . Then let 's stay here and let them fire at us . [ Inaudible ] Scars , have you ever seen A warden in the bush before ? There 's something hot going on over there . The warden knows . We 'll be out in the cold unless we kill them all now . Don 't you see it ? It 's our only chance . The warden 's stuck . It 's the best chance we 'll ever have . I was there once , Jess . I know the people . I know the politics . With the fire gems behind us , there 'll be nothing to stop us . Oh , we 'll have wealth and power . Wealth and power . Ronzo . Well , well , well . What have we here ? Whew . That looks like about a 105 ruptor . Ronzo , you slouching of piece of targo turd . This here 's a death sentence for you and all your friends . RONZO : That there 's a death sentence for all of us . Looks like we 're going to die like brothers , Bremen , You blab of worm-infested slide spit . Oh , I don 't think so . Don 't pull that . Don 't pull that . [ Ruptor firing ] Shoot . C 'mon . Did you hear that ? There 's no charge on that . I told you it was a bluff . Now do any of you cowards say we shouldn 't attack . GOEB ( VOICEOVER ) : I wish I 'd arrived in time To see the look on Krista 's face when She walked up to the ruptor . She knew it was a death sentence for Jessup . But Vicho 's gang made it clear that if she must Take Jessup 's life , she 'd first have to fight for it And her own . [ Shouting ] [ Weird noise ] [ Shouting ] [ Ruptor firing ] [ Ruptor firing ] [ Ruptor firing ] [ Ruptor firing ] [ Ruptor firing ] What 's going on here , warden ? There was a fight . I know there was a fight . I could see there was a fight . What I want to know is what you were doing in the middle of it . My presence there , like yours , was purely by chance . You 're evading me . The two gangs had some quarrel . What about ? I have no idea . I 've heard that for a warden to take sides in such a quarrel Is grounds to reduce the warden to prisoner status . What 's going to happen to Jessup 's gang ? What do you care ? The empire needs to add some special forces To its depleted ranks . What 's going to happen to them ? Why didn 't you just have him come here ? He 's sometimes did . He 'd tell me how it was out there in the bush , How bad it was . I wanted to see for myself . I compliment you on your excellent taste in men . But don 't worry , he 'll be with me for the next several days , And I 'll take very good care of him . Oh , you ... you bitch . You never called me that when we were together . Don 't you ever make me sick of touching again . Several years ago , you and I had a lot in common , Krista . Never . Until you lost the game . I haven 't lost it yet . You 'll see me again . I don 't think so . I 've fixed it so you 'll be in exile Here for the rest of your life . [ Weird noise ] The fire gems will take me off-planet . In exchange for your carrying out this mission of sabotage , I 'm removing your debt to society . The empire is prepared to grant you a full pardon . JESSUP : What do you think , Reinder ? It 's a death mission . Well , a job has finally been found That the great sights can 't do . Well , the job can be done , all right . We can get in there and do it . We just can 't get out . GOEB ( VOICEOVER ) : Of course , they Had no choice but to accept . Their possession of the ruptor meant certain death otherwise . As I 'd predicted , they refused to go without Ronzo . The team was sent to Andromeda . They formed the best team in the empire . But I know I 'm right . Ronzo will turn them all against the empire . Their skills , their harmony as a team , The power and wealth of the fire gems All combined to place him on an unassailably Reinforced harmonic mode of the survival flux . The empire might even fall , and I will have been the cause . I had several days ' incestuous pleasure with Jessup Aboard the mission ship that was to take them Into the heart of Andromeda . My new orders came at the end of the third day . I was recalled immediately . Pelson had not kept her promise . She 'd gone to Sodenkal with a story That I was planning to ruin him . Now I 'm in preparation . I 've read their minds , though . This won 't be a punishment . It 's almost time . Any moment now we 'll begin . This won 't be a punishment , though . This is the proof that I had as much potential As I thought they feared me . That is why Sodenkal and Pelson have Decided to have me redeveloped . It ... it started with , um , with Jessup . And then I ... I [ inaudible ] . I didn 't know ... know he 'd become a critical [ inaudible ] . Jessup , Sodenkal , Pelson ... in the end , They were all ... all against me . Me . FEMALE VOICE : This is the personnel you must recapture , For this was the critical moment when You ceased to be Captain Goeb . If you can reach back to this moment , the rest of this record May have been recovered . Once you have the barest hold on this moment , I want you to focus on Sodenkal and Jessup . Try to remember that Sodenkal was your stepping stone To a chair in the Imperial College , And that Jessup was your brother . [ Music playing ]
