 The ZODIAK Film Unit presents Part One of a Polish-Czechoslovak production Starring Piotr Fronczewski as Mr. Blot There were the times on this Earth . When the fairy tales were with us over the hills and far away , as you know well , one could even meet magic , a good Fairy brought consolation ... to Cinderella . A magician made your every wish come true in a book with pretty pictures ... All this was forgotten long ago , right and wrong changed their costumes . The King is gone and so is Mat the sterling . All that is left is a screen with glittering figures . But sometimes a great sadness comes over me , the visions of good , old fairy tales return and I wonder if my merry children remember any of this . Maybe my sky will brighten up again . MR. BLOT IN SPACE Park One The Kidnapping of Agnieszka Music Director of photography Production Managers Written and Directed by Faster , faster ! Mr. Jarzabek , get a move on ! If we 're late , there 's going to be an international scandal . But this is not an Alpha Romeo . Anyway , why so much fuss about some Sooty ? What Sooty ? Mr. Bronsky is an American citizen and not some Sooty . Mrs. Marciniak always called him " Sooty " - because he made such funny ... - Sooty-Stinks . - Sooty-Stinks ... of ... - X-ray pictures . X-ray pictures . Oh , the the sodding arm ! - What arm ? - The distributor rotor arm . Oh , no ... what a wreck ... Why did it have to happen to me ? Mr. Jarzabek , my dear , how long will it take you ? Some 15 minutes . My dear God , please , keep him in the air for another 15 minutes . We apologize for a 15 minutes delay to all those waiting for the arrival of the American Airlines special airplane from Chicago . Here 's control tower ... - It 's a charter flight from Chicago ... - There only is one passenger aboard . Tomek , be careful . Madam , everything 's ready . - Yes , I think it is . - Tomek , Jacek and Ula , - help aunt Tesia . - Come children , quick . Oh , here comes Malgosia . Thank you very much . Somewhere here we 've got Jacek . Here he is . This is Jacek . Here you are . Nice , isn 't he ? Auntie , tell us about Jacek . Jacek ... was most ingenious : he used to put a small mirror on his slipper and then put it under our feet . He liked inventions . Once he blocked the chimney . - And what happened ? - What ? We had a regular Black men masquerade . Will he really come ? Certainly , if he 's written he 's coming , he 'll come all right . Oh , he must be landing now , I imagine . The special plane has just landed . MBM . It 's his luggage . Mr. Jarzabek , look : what a good piece of work , that American Packaging . Oh , my ! Is he traveling with his own piano ? Mr. Jarzabek , stop it , please . Will our wreck manage with this ? You should have asked for Jelcz lorry . Let 's go ... Welcome to Poland , Mr. Bronowsky . Morning ... yes , of course ... My first impressions ? Can we speak Polish ? Yes , of course ... Well , it 's a mixture , a cocktail of great emotion and immense curiosity . You 're not only the chairman but also one of the owners of the American biggest electronic concerns called MBM . Does the plan of your visit also include talks with Polish firms on possible cooperation ? My visit is a private one on the occasion of Christmas and the time for professional affairs will come later . Have a nice stay , then . Merry Christmas . Thank you very much . Thank you . - Excuse me , are you Mr. Bronsky ? - Bronowski . Oh , yes , that 's me ... I 'm director Gladysz from Maliszew , we 're a little late but ... Nice to meet you , my name 's Jarzabek . Glad to meet you . - Oh , here 's my little package . - This is our driver , Mr. Jarzabek . Take Mr. Bronowski 's luggage , please , into the car and drive carefully but fast . - I shall escort our guest in person . - That 's very nice of you . This gentleman who 's been so nice as to great me on behalf of the Embassy , is coming with us . This way , please , gentlemen . Move it forward , a bit more . Stop ... Well , gentlemen : up it goes ... Heavy , sodding load ! Ouch ... Come on , move it forward . Careful , it 's come from abroad . A little more . Right . Mr. Jarzabek , could you help us ? Not my business ! A little package ... from Chicago ... Well , here they are , at last . We 're here . Our children painted it , specially for you . We 've only just finished redecoration . Jacus , - my dearest Sooty ... - My dear Aunt ! You haven 't changed at all . You haven 't forgotten about us ! Go and join the children . They could hardly wait to see you . Dear children . Our tradition makes us leave one free seat at our Christmas-eve tables for unexpected guests . Today our guest is Mr. Jack Bronsky . Bronowski . Bronowski . The chairman of a company , a joint-owner of a great MBM electronic enterprise . As you probably know , Mr. Bronowski used to live in our Children 's Home , so greet him like a member of our great family . We are very happy to have you here with us . We wish you a nice stay in Maliszew . Thank you very much , my dears . It 's too exciting for my heart . There were many Christmas-eves in my life very far from here ... And I 've always missed this place and Santa Claus . Today I would like to be that Santa Claus ... Santa Claus ... Yes , Santa Claus . That 's why I ask you to accept this present from me . At the moment there 's no newer model in the whole world . This is the newest , prototype computer from MBM producers . Well , may it serve you well . You must know that once a year every computer speaks with a human voice . Kuba , Kuba ... can you hear it ? Kuba ... - What is it ? - Wake up ... - Shh . Stop it ... Go to sleep . - What do you mean " shh " ? Can 't you hear the computer has been switched on ? Sit down , it 's me , computer Lucas . Sit down , quick ... The story I want to tell you , may happen in 25 years time , so it will be a reminiscence of the future . It all started in Space ... near the triangle of Titans . The mysterious events that took place on board ... of the ARGO 1417 space-carrier making a charter flight from the Earth to Titan and Eureka , and gave beginning to amazing discoveries . Tere , papa , Mango . Tere , papa Mango . Hallo , base . Argo 1417 calling . Argo 1417 , carry out variant " R " . Understood . Carry our variant " R " . Attention , gentlemen . We 're entering the area of the Triangle of Titans . The base is signaling that we 're approaching a danger sphere . Check all alarm systems . Carry out my orders precisely . There 's nothing worse in space than an overeager captain of a ship . The only thing we don 't have to be afraid of is the overcharging of our hold . The crew of the Argo 1417 did not suspect at all that their flight was closely watched by the Great Electronic who , after his disappearance from the Inventors ' Island , settled down on the Planet of Mango . Attention , unidentified source of light , laser kind ... Alert the base ... Colonel , check please all signal codes in the Orion wavelength . Carry out . Commander , the civil service is informing us about a communication fadeout with the Argo 1417 carrier . Who owns the Argo ? The interplanetary Corporation of the Fruit Drops Producers . Does any of you feel like having a sweet ? Let 's not poke our noses into other people 's sweets , we have enough trouble of our own . Success , success , success , success ... And now let 's see what our half-witted Governor is doing . Of course - the sweets - the only thing he can do . For days he 's been stuffing himself with cream and cakes . Call the Governor . Instantly . Here 's the Information Ball . Understand the order and will carry it out . Sir , Sir ... you are requested ... Sir , at the Information Ball . Linella , my dear , the Great Electronic wants to see us . Manuel , can 't you see I 'm busy ? - But our Emperor ... - Your Emperor ... - As far as I 'm concerned , he ... - Shh ... - Here 's the Information-Ball . - The Spy-Ball ... I conduct constant observation . Manuel , you 've again eaten too much sweets . You don 't watch you weight . You don 't ... you don 't ... I think I 'll go now ... Success , success , success , Mr. Caramello . At last , we 've made it ! Look . We can transfer an enormous spaceship into an electronic phantom recorded in the memory of the computer . Phantom . In any moment and in any place , we can materialize it as a whole or in part . Here , for instance , we can look to see what the ship 's holds contain . Now a single order from us will be enough . - Phantomisation takes place . - Sweets ! Here 's something for you , Mr. Caramello , fruit drops - here you are . This is a present from me and my thanks for your hospitality you 've offered me on the Planet of Mango . I hope your wife will like them , too . You 've promised me , Mr. Emperor to make my greatest dream come true . I remember , Mr. Caramello . You will have that little daughter you dream of . Your princess . Perhaps not only one but a few - at choice . A little daughter , an aunt , over a dozen uncles and cousins . The whole , hundred-strong , family . All to your heart 's content . As with Mr. Blot . But first my invention will be used against my mortal enemy , that conceited , bearded man , that ... that ... deplorable puppet , that wretched magician ... Wherever you are , Mr. Blot , beware ! In order to find out what Mr. Blot was doing at that time we must move to another scene of action to the Last Nature Reserve on our planet , the Earth . The absolute ruler of that area is Melo the Laugher . Time to get up . Unfortunately , making gloomy creatures laugh is not an easy task at all ... Let 's see what 's going on in the old tree hollow . This is the Inter News Program . Here is the news : Andes : The debate is continuing today at the Congress headlined " The Sun for the Earth " and , in its consecutive day , devoted to the global energy crisis . Nepal : The Tany 8 and Tany 11 space probes are signaling the renewed approach of the so-called Rock Comet which is the first orchestral space station . Space : Research is being continued as regards the mystery of the Triangle of Titans . According to the ITE Agency , in connection with the unexplained disappearance of the Argo 1417 carrier , the Council of the Planet resolved to dismiss Commander Max Benson from his post of the Commander - In-Chief of the Earth Space Force . - Mr. Max Benson ? - Commander Benson . Mr. Benson , by the decision of the Council of the Planet you 've been dismissed from the post of the Commander-In-Chief of the Early Warning Space Force . Please , delegate your duty to the officer , next in rank , and hand back your personal code register . Bogota : The newest achievements in space medicine will be presented at the KOSMED 2013 , an exhibition just opened in Bogota . Medicine ... yet they still haven 't found anything to cure lumbago . Well , it 's time to wake up our monsters - greedy gluttons . Hallo birds , gloomy monsters . Who is it ? Who 's he ? Hallo , greedy gluttons . Is he ill ? He 's ill ! Hallo , Cross-eyed ; hallo , Horribler . Hallo , Washer . Get up , sleepy-heads . When Melo is singing . Is this Dracula ? Or a steam-gob ? Whose face is it ? Is he a jester ? Is he a wooer ? Who is he ? No , my gentlemen . To the rhythm of tom-toms , your Melo the Laugher , is walking through the woods . It 's Mello the Laugher , from the dark forest . It 's Melo the Laugher , full of humor . The enemy of gloomy creatures , and a friend of birds ; who can terrify vampires and nightmares . This is Melo the Laugher from the dark forest ... This is Melo the Laugher , full of humor , the enemy of gloomy creatures and a friend of birds . He terrifies vampires and nightmares . Hallo , birds , poor things , sing a refrain with me . Time to wake up the whole forest to play . All monsters and odd creatures , Let 's throw cakes at each other . Let 's jump uphill and turn somersaults downhill ... Tricks for fun , a new stanza , Give up your sulky faces , Try to laugh without a reason . Because it 's worth while to laugh aloud , while walking in the woods . Good morning , Professor . I hope that the woodpeckers haven 't woken you up . Be greeted , my dear , never mind the woodpeckers , the best alarm clock in this neighborhood is your laughter , my dear Sir . I must admit that the morning news moved me . The chances are , Professor , that in the area of the Triangle of Titans there has a new power appeared , able to move ... Let 's forget it . The present-day fairy-tale world brings us problems which are difficult to understand sometimes . Maybe I have become a bit of an eccentric and a recluse but I feel well here even when you cut your incredible capers . Only sometimes I find it difficult to reconcile myself to the idea that the children have forgotten me so easily . What are the children of the 21st century like ? Let 's have a closer look at one of the classes - in the school of the future . - Welcome , my dear children . This is your introductory class . I shall call the roll : One ... - Present . - Two ... - Present . - Three ... - Present . - Four ... - Present . - Five ... - Present ... - Six ... - Present . - Seven ... Absent ! I call pupil Number Seven ... I call pupil Number Seven ... Here 's the operational IIIc class computer : - I call pupil Number Seven ... - Here I am coming , coming ! Give reasons for being absent in class ... I don 't know what happened , I must have overslept . My waking-up system has failed . You should place your order to wake you up with the Inter-school Central Order System , shorten your breakfast time to minimum . All right , all right . I 'll join you in a moment . - Who 's teaching the first hour ? - Your Director ... - The Mophead , gosh ! - We 're waiting ... - Nine ... - Present . - Ten ... - Present . - Eleven ... - Present . - Twelve ... - Present . - Thirteen ... - Present . - Fourteen ... - Present . - Fifteen ... - Present . - Sixteen ... - Present . - Seventeen ... - Present . - Eighteen ... - Present . - Nineteen ... - Present . - Twenty ... - Present . Twenty one , twenty two , twenty three , twenty four ... I report class IIIc . Dad , you didn 't go to your work today ? Are you not well ? You look all right though . Do you think I 'm playing truant ? I don 't know , but I have overslept , it 's your fault . My waking-up system is connected to a photocell at the door . I get the signal to wake up when you go out . - Has something happened ? - I 'm sorry to let you down . I have been thanked for my services . - Dad ! - There , there ! It 's no tragedy . You 've always told me I had no time for you . Now we 're going to have more time for ourselves . Hurry to school now . Say " hallo " to Agnieszka . Good luck . We 'll talk after your classes . Twenty four pupils in class , twenty three present , - one absent . - Who ? Number Seven ... He 'll come in a minute . Groszek is never late . Was Number Thirteen asked for her opinion ? Why is Number Thirteen wearing a colorful scarf ? How often am I to repeat that colors bring fatigue and prevent you from learning . Does Number Thirteen know at all what discipline means ? Back to your place . Attention ! All children put in a row , and told to count off in turn , numbers are more important for children in school , than their faces ... stiff , regular and obedient , no doubt , discipline ... discipline is the basis of upbringing . A child cannot read too much . Selected problems only . A child cannot ask any questions . Just listen to what we tell them . Stiff , regular and obedient . No doubt , discipline , discipline is the basis of upbringing . If we say white when it 's black it must be white for the children and white is black sometimes because I say so . Stiff , regular and obedient no doubt , discipline , discipline ... is the basis of upbringing . It happens sometimes that some child ... tries to think for himself then he 's in trouble , then he 's in a fix . Such a child will get a thorough beating . Stiff , regular and obedient ... doubtless ... discipline , discipline ... is the basis of upbringing . Attention , class ! The class obeys . You can hear a fly passing ... Quiet ! To your class ! Well , pupil nr . 7 , you 'll get extra penalty points . Attention ! Classes start in a minute . Remember , you 're not allowed to use radio communication in school . The school canteen offers plankton dishes . Sit down . Prepare your homework for checking . Here 's the topic of your lesson : Higher level programming languages ... Oh , I 've forgotten the key , too . Here you are . What a duffer you 've chosen . He comes late and suffers from amnesia . Oh , no ... Oh , you vultures , saboteurs and robbers ! Hallo , Class IIIc . Here 's your director speaking ... Enough is enough . The day has come in which I 'll put an end to your despicable conduct ... The Central Computer Check up Service ... has just informed me that one of the pupils from your class has broken into my personal computer 's memory . I don 't want to go into the details now and find out which pupil and what number ... the whole class will be punished . You chose the punishment yourself . I 'm giving you only half an hour for this . - What will happen now ? - What , indeed ? Which of you have dragged us into this ? We 're waiting , Mr. Peeping Tom . You 've seen it . It was purely accidental ... short circuit , or something ... I was looking for solutions to our homework ... It just happened . Well , I never ... " it just happened " . Listen , let 's face it : it could happen to anybody . You know Mophead . This time it 's us . Better think how to mollify him . Or he won 't let us sit for our exams and ruin our holidays . That would be terrible . Oh , are you making holiday plans together ? Listen , Kuba , was it something shocking ? - Coded Information or what ? - No ! He only stores fairy-tales in his memory ... His whole memory is packed with fairy-tales . On all levels there are little shepherds , princes ... Retro full scale . What a joke ! I 've got an idea . Let 's ask Bajtek for advice . When troubles start , the robots give the best help in the world . Here I am , the supplementary class computer ... the universal class computer . Maybe he has an idea ... because nothing human is strange to him . Bajtek , help us , we 're in a fix . Problem ... problem is a problem ... you 'll get new programs from us ... and lunch from my mother ... a view-finder , a laser dream . Only give us a good idea . A view-finder and a laser dream ... only give us a good idea ... He who stores fairy-tales in his memory will forget his anger when he sees a fairy-tale performance on the school stage . This is an answer worth its weight in gold . This is a real computer answer . If we are to be happy with Mophead , we must use his programs . Any other problems ? You 're marvelous , thank you . Any other problems ? You 're marvelous , thank you . Not a bad idea . If our director is crazy about fairy-tales , there 's nothing simpler than to offer him one in a performance . Arnold is a genius . Listen , you 've got us into this trouble , so it 's up to you to find a fairy-tale which we can perform ... No idea . Maybe we ask Mophead for advice ? Listen ! I looked at Groszek whose name means Green Pea and had an idea : " Princess and a Pea " . - Great ! - Who is going to direct ? What do you mean " who " ? Arnold , of course ! I agree on condition that Agnieszka gets the part of the Princess . Look carefully , Mr. Caramello . I can bring any of them to our planet in 15 seconds . You must make up your mind , we 're looking into the 30th school . Well , which one is going to be your daughter ? I am a princess , Your Highness ... Stop . Where 's Groszek ? Not you . The more important one . Hurry up ! Hurry up ! " That remains to be seen " - from these words on . That remains to be seen , dear child , if you are a real princess . Steady ... on your toes . Don 't be late . Very good . We 'll rehearse the finals now . Here 's a small green pea . Some pain , some tears . - And then plenty of happiness ... - Long live the bride and groom . Here we shall leave more time for applause of the whole school . Let 's get out of here ... Agnieszka ... Here you are . Here 's your treasure from the planet Earth . Carry her to bed . She 'll go on sleeping like that for some time , this new princess of ours . Neither the army nor the scientists can explain this phenomenon to us . Our Prime Minister himself sent his condolences ... It happened in your school and you should do something . Pupil Nr. 7 . I call you to order . Ah , well ... you 're right . I 'll have to resign my post . - Don 't be a crybaby . - I can 't look at it . It 's a scandal ... In my school ! Bajtek ... - Yes ? - It 's me , Bajtek , pupil nr 7 . According to the LUT regulations tell me where Agnieszka is . No basic data available . Who can help us ? Extraordinary tasks were once solved by self-deciding computers of 4th generation . - Where can I find them ? - On the computer scrap-heap . Here 's the printed read-out of the route ... This way ... I 'm a real princess . Where am I ? Who are you ? You are on the Planet Mango . The central planet of the Pudding System . My name is Manuel Caramello de Bazar . I 'm the Governor of this Planet . You won 't be short of anything here . You 'll get the best sweets of the universe . Sir , sir , sir ... Look , Agnieszka . The gardens surrounding our palace are famous all over the Cosmic Space . You can play with the jolly Papings all day long . What Pappings ? I want to get back to school . We have to finish our performance . Sir , sir , sir ... There 's no better daughter in the whole Solar System . As a reward you 'll give me a half of your palace for transformation magazines and all area suitable for runways . Only , she does not like my palace at all . You 're being childish , Mr. Caramello . Every child needs some discipline . There you are ... You scare her a little and she 'll be a good girl . The children 's expedition to the computer-robot scrap-heap was a very dangerous undertaking because it was often visited by gangs of Payers thieves of electronic spare parts . Stop ! Hold it ! Identity check . What is it ? An excursion to a funfair ? This is a special supervision area . My name 's Gros Benson and I 'm Commander Benson 's son . Dad often told me about you and how you both fought on the planet Vistula . Well , if that 's the case , tell me what you want . We would like to establish contact with the 3rd generation robots . - We hope they can help us . - It 's very important to us . You hope for too much . They are transport robots long ago withdrawn from circulation ... But perhaps for school purposes ... I think that RABAN is in the best condition . DURAN BALL is in the fifth section . It 's there . Good luck . Look , there is DURAN BALL . Come , come , RABAN is there . - Plain scrap , nothing but wreck . - Well , perhaps for opening cans ... - Stop it . - Unfortunately , Groszek , he 's right . We have to look for another way . - Stop crying ! - Who is it ? Where ? - Here . Under your nose , exactly . - Oh , my ! Silver ... Yes . My name is Silver . I am , or rather , I was a 3rd generation transport robot . I know about your trouble . In order to get Agnieszka back you need super-cosmic power . You must go to see Mr. Blot . He is the only person - who has that power at his disposal . - And who is Mr. Blot ? Prof. Ambrose Blot is a great scientist and traveler . I had a chance to learn about his great power and to become acquainted with the virtues of his character . I was on the little frequented S-111 route when I suddenly saw a strangely attired gentleman coming towards me with a bushy , multicolored crop of hair and long beard . I didn 't have time to take a closer look at him when from a nearby shelter a magnet vehicle came out suddenly , one that 's used by scrap metal workers to hunt down robots . It was too late to try to run away ... its terrible magnetic power paralyzed me . Oh , gentlemen ... Please , leave that robot alone . It 's in a good working condition and it 's not fit for scrap . Thank you , unusual human being . Maybe you 're a robot , too ? Oh , no . My name is Ambrose Blot and I am a professor . Is there anything I could do for you , professor ? Show me , please , the shortest way to the Last Nature Reserve . That 's where you 'll find him . In the Last Nature Reserve . Right , but how do we get there ? You can only get there by railway that carries plankton . - This map will help you ... - Thank you to find the last stop in the Plankton Factory . I wish you good luck and don 't forget to give my regards to Mr. Blot . Come ... Get off , quick ... It 's going on in a moment ... Attention , be careful . We 're entering the Adventure Forest . Arnold , calm down . Don 't be a crybaby ... Don 't look around . Look straight ahead . Quiet , quiet ... Who are you and where are you going ? We 're looking for Mr. Blot . Welcome to the Adventure Forest . I hope our monsters have not pestered you too much . It 's very nice of you to visit Professor Blot . Mr. Ambrose Blot missed his children and was worried that you have completely forgotten about him ... Chicken , hurry straight to Mr. Blot and announce our visit ! The old man will be happy ! Let 's get moving . I 'll lead the way along the shore of the plankton sea . Oh ! Welcome ! It 's great to see you . Very nice . I 'm very glad . It demands great courage to reach the Adventure Forest in the Last Nature Reserve . I should like to know what brings you here . No , no ... before you answer my question let me invite you to the Breakfast Glade . I 've heard that you 're given only plankton to eat . Well , it may be nourishing and healthy but not very tasty . Try some choice and attractive dishes from Mr. Blot 's forest cuisine . Well , are you hungry ? Attention ... Come and sit at the table , please ! Breakfast is ready ... Do sit down , please ... - Help yourself . - Yummy ! With pleasure . - Bon appetite ! - Thank you . And now I would be delighted to know what brings you here and what your troubles are . Shall I start ... Dear Professor , one of our friends , Agnieszka has been kidnapped ... And we don 't even know where she is and how she is ... It all started during our performance that we wanted to present at the end of our school year . - She played the lead ... - The Princess ... Governor , Governor ! Please , send me back to the Earth immediately . If we don 't give our performance then Mophead will not let us take our examinations . I must tell you , my dear , that it would be easier to bring Mophead to the Planet Mango , and also your whole class , than to send you back to the Earth . You are our only hope now , Professor . We 're sure you can help us . Yes ... yes ... thank you for your trust . Thank you . Well , I know who got Agnieszka . I have already met that individual . I thought that after the lesson I had taught him , he would once and for all give up his disgraceful tricks . Well , I was mistaken . Yes , I must have made a mistake when I let him get away without punishment from the Inventor 's Island . My dear Melo the Laugher ... - Yes ... ? - Get ready for a long journey . Today we must pay a visit at the Inter-Fairytale Travel Office to find out on which of the planets the Great Electronic is now living . I think I 'll soon be able to tell you more about your friend . And if I am lucky , I shall bring her back with me . I know where to find you . Let me come with you , Professor . I sure can help . I appreciate your courage , my boy , and your attitude of a real man , but I am not sure I can let you face - the dangers that are awaiting us . - He 'll go on our behalf . Well , in that case take your leave of your colleagues . I must transform myself before our journey . Farewell ... Wua , hua , wej ... Director , it 's an urgent matter ... - Out of the question ... - Maybe it can be possible ? Where did you want to go ? To Bald Mountain you can fly on your broom , easily ! It 's our turn now ... How 's my request ? It 's backed up by Lucifer . How many times am I to tell you that all tickets to the Planet AVO-CADO , the Kingdom of Idlers , - were sold a month ago . - The hell with it ... Snow Queen , we have no tickets to the planet of Eternal Winter . You get there by way of Andromeda but the spaceship base there is closed for repairs . Excuse me , just a moment ... Welcome Mr. Blot , the most famous professor . It 's great honor for us . What can we do for you ? - Good morning . - Good morning , Mr. Blister . Oh , sorry , Director Blister ... I believe that you know very well where your ex-boss he Great Electronic lives now . Sure enough ! Although I have broken away completely from my infamous past , his Electronic Highness bestows a dubious honor on me sending me a birthday card from the planet of Mango every year . I see ... We must see him immediately . Three tickets , please , for the next spacecraft to the planet of Mango . I 'm very sorry , Professor , but the planet of Mango is in the constellation of Titans and we have no regular connection with it . If there are no regular flights we shall hire a spacecraft , shan 't we ? And you will help us , Mr. Alois ! I can only recommend the Kasate Sisters . They run the Best Spacecraft Hire Service . Here 's the film . The Earth , the Sun , Venus , Mars and a thousand ... stars in the sky . The whole system turns round its way Point out the planet you want to visit , and don 't be afraid to take the star ticket in your hand and fly . Soft landings ! The Kasate sisters , the Kasate sisters ... will open the way to the stars ... the happy stars ... the Kasate sisters , the Kasate sisters ... Fly with us this one time , fly with us this one time ... The Kasate sisters , the Kasate sisters , Fly with us this one time , fly this time ... Well ... The only problem is That not all their charter flights are registered . Therefore it might help if you mentioned my name in your conversation with them . Maestro , please ... I call you , Ghost of Meteor , to come and appear to us . My name is Ambrose Blot , I am a professor of cosmology . We come on recommendation of director Alois Blister . We apologize to all those waiting for the arrival of the space-shuttle on the Mars-the Moon-the Earth route for a three-day delay . Passengers leaving for Venus are kindly requested to take seats in the helicopter . The departure of the helicopter for the spacecraft base will take place in 15 minutes . Passenger Dondzillo is requested to report at the custom clearance desk ... Attention , please ... Passenger Dondzillo is requested to report to the station guard officer . We can put at your disposal , Professor , our six-engine excursion spacecraft Orion . Which takes up to 3000 passengers ... No , no , no ... we don 't have an excursion in mind ... Another spacecraft , ready for use after general repairs , is the MONK cruiser which took part in the battle of the Mars Moon the victorious battle ... Oh , the Mars Moon ... I need an exceptionally fast spacecraft . Here is the fastest pursuit spacecraft VOLTAN II , four engines , one hundred guns and only eight strong crew to man and serve this fabulous gem . I think this spacecraft will fully satisfy us . There 's just one great difficulty . We have no pilot and qualified commander . This can seriously delay the start . I personally know a pilot who will take the command of this pursuit spacecraft with pleasure . - Who do you mean ? - My father . Commander Max Benson . The VOLTAN II pursuit spacecraft takes off from any position . It does not have the modern laser control , its engine has already done good service but it is always a reliable type of spacecraft . Well , perhaps it would be better if you stayed on the Earth . No , Professor . I must find Agnieszka . I gave my word to our class and to myself . I admire your courage , my dear Melo the Laugher . After this expedition you 're going to be famous among children all over our planet . Well , it 's a whole collection , space fashion collection . Nothing to laugh at ! The VOLTAN II flight deck crew cabin is air-tight , it has stabilized air-pressure and its own gravitation field . All the same , the flight regulations stipulate for helmets to be worn during the first phase of the flight . And because of the gravity load at start . Bravo ! All this sounds a bit anachronic to me . Personally I 'd rather travel in a modern laser controlled capsule . Hallo , VOLTAN get ready for take off in airway two , 8 , 8 , 4 , 2 . The VOLTAN II pursuit spacecraft ready for countdown . Well , the fish is in the net . What is it ? - A finger . - What ? Emperor , we have a connection with the planet Earth . Colonel Alois Blister on the line in the telecosmic booth ... You 're lucky . Off with you , you cabbage head . But remember : in future this chamber is to be sparkling clean . Otherwise I 'll transform you into a vacuum cleaner . Well , what 're you waiting for ? Emperor , here 's Alois Blister , at your service . I can see you . What is it , Colonel Blister ? I report the completion of the task . A moment ago Professor Blot took off in the direction of the planet MANGO . Bravo , General Blister . See you soon . You will hear more about a sensational arrival of some envoys of extraterrestrial civilization ... about dramatic history of an emerald casket containing a great secret , of the Ming dynasty ... You will learn more about Groszek and Agnieszka . ... and also about Mr. Blot 's adventures in Space , and his duel with the Great Electronic , from the second part of the film " Mr. Blot in Space " entitled " The VOLTAN II Mission " . The ZODIAK Film Unit presents Part Two of a Polish-Czechoslovak production Starring Piotr Fronczewski as Mr. Blot Here 's one of the greatest discoveries of 20th century . During repair work done in the Wua-Siang temple in Central China , the conservators discovered a collection of paintings which seems to provide unshakable evidence that at the beginning of the 17th century a close encounter took place in China with the representatives of the extra-terrestrial civilizations . Analyzing the discovered paintings , the scientists agreed beyond all doubt that the landing of the spaceship presented in a series of pictures was caused by a break-down . Having lost its maneuverability the spaceship was forced to land ... on the terrace leading to the Emperor 's palace . Also sensational is the news that during the repair of the damaged spacecraft the space visitors were offered far-reaching help by the 17th century Chinese scientists . After repairing the fault in the control system the visitors took off and continued their journey . Before their departure , in token of their gratitude , they gave the major-demo a mysterious present which was put into an emerald casket and looked in the Emperor 's treasury . During a great fire in 1710 the treasury was moved in the neighborhood of Peking and it was stated then that the emerald casket , containing the mysterious present from the space visitors , was gone . It 's never been seen again . MR. BLOT IN SPACE Music Director of Photography Production Managers Written and Directed by The children in the State Children 's Home In Maliszew get a magnificent Christmas present . It is the newest model of the MBM computer ... offered by a former ward who is now the chairman of the MBM company . At night , the extraordinary computer speaks in a human voice and tells the children a story which may happen in 25 years . In the neighborhood of the Triangle of Titans , the ARGO 14-17 space carrier is attacked with mysterious laser weapon . The ARGO 14-17 belongs to the Interplanetary Corporation of Fruit Drops Producers . From the carrier 's hold there disappears its luggage : a container with fruit drops . It turns out that the robbery was designed by the Great Electronic who , after his flight from the Inventors ' Island , settled down on the Planet of Mango , and made its Governor , Manuel Caramello de Bazar , his subordinate . Here the Great Electronic ... was getting ready to take revenge on Mr. Blot and conducted experiments concerned with his newest discovery , the phantomization , which made it possible to transform the people and objects into electronic pictures to move them into any place and materialize again . In the meantime Mr. Blot left his civilized fairy-tale world . He is now in the last Nature Reserve . He has got new friends here of whom Melo the Laugher , a funny monster , is the most devoted one . Melo the Laugher watches the morning news on TV and learns about the mysterious accidents in the neighborhood of the Triangle of Titans . But Mr. Blot does not want to hear about any sensational events in the world of technology and electronics . He is reserved , bitter and expresses his regret that contemporary children have completely forgotten about him . What are the children of the 21st century like ? We learn about that watching classes in the Stanislaw Lem School of the Future . A very bossy director of the school , called by the children Mophead , attempts to wholly standardize all pupils and teach them rigorous discipline . But the children are nice and free . We make a closer acquaintance with one of the boys called Groszek . Groszek is the son of the ex-commander Max Benson , who was fired from his post of the Commander in chief of the Early Warning Space Forces on the pretext of being responsible for the disappearance of the cargo from the Argo 14-17 . However , the real reasons for that decision are unknown to us . Groszek likes one of the girls in his class - Agnieszka , who has been chosen by the whole class to play the role of the princess ... in a performance which is to take place at the end of the school-year . At the same time the Great Electronic gives in to Governor Caramello 's repeated requests to bring to the Planet of Mango a girl by means of phantomization . A girl , who would take the place of a long awaited little daughter . They watch children playing on the Earth . The Governor chooses Agnieszka who is just rehearsing her part of the princess . Agnieszka is kidnapped , and taken to the Planet of Mango . Groszek is desperately unhappy . He resolves to do something and mobilizes the whole class . Following the advice of the Class Computer called Bajtek , he sets out to look for Agnieszka . In a vast computer-robot scrap-heap , the children find a robot called SILVER , who tells the children about the existence of Mr. Blot , the only professor who has the super-cosmic power at his disposal . " Only Mr. Blot can help you ... " says Silver and shows them way to the Last Nature Reserve . The children reach Mr. Blot hiding in the depths of the forest , and ask him to to help them . Mr. Blot agrees to help the children . All the more so as he sees Agnieszka 's disappearance as something the Great Electronic must have had his scheming hand in . Mr. Blot pays a visit to the Inter-Fairy-Tale Travel Office and its director Alois Blister . Next Mr. Blot goes , together with Groszek and Melo the Laugher , to Rent-a-Spacecraft office run by the Kasate Sisters ... who rent a pursuit spacecraft to Mr : Blot and his friends . The VOLTAN II spacecraft . Its pilot and captain is Groszek 's father , ex-commander Max Benson . A moment after VOLTAN 's take off Alois Blister , a crafty fellow , informs the Great Electronic about Mr. Blots expedition . Voltan II is heading its destiny . Part Two The Voltan II Mission Notified in advance , the Great Electronic can 't wait to see the VOLTAN II reach the area of the Triangle of Titans . - You can take off the helmet . - At last ! Yes , my dear . Our flight is in the hands of our automatic pilot . In front of us , a whole day flight to the sphere of the Triangle of Titans . Try to get some sleep . Do you think I could sleep in such a situation ? Professor Blot , none of the books written about you gives the information where and when your first appeared in the fairy-tale world ... Is this a secret ? Were you born with the title of professor ? No ... Well , dear friends ... if you are really interested I may go back in my memory to the times when I had no idea at all what my life would be like - in the fairy-tale world ... - Yes , please . Do tell us . Well ... It happened in the times of the last but one Chinese emperor of the Ming dynasty ... It was there that I met my enemies for the first time . They appeared in the emperor 's court dressed up like Portuguese monks - my further life was to be determined by the secret of the dynasty . Call doctor Pai-Chi-Wo . Let everybody leave the room . I want to be left alone with doctor Pai-Chi-Wo . Dua-bei ... You 've always been faithful , loyal and honest to me , doctor Pai-Chi-Wo . Despite your young age you 've always been the light of my eyes and peace of my conscience . Today , when my last moment has come , I intend to disclose to you a great secret of the Ming Dynasty ... and I beg you to carry out my requests . Oh , the greatest of the greatest , And the most magnificent of the most magnificent , thank you for your words in which your grace lightens my littleness . I want you to know that you request - although unuttered yet - can already be regarded as fulfilled . I call the guards of the great secret . Come closer . Put it here ... The casket contains the present we got from the space visitors who came to see us on their fiery kite from another world . The present ... is the sign of a new era in the history of mankind . This scroll contains a description of all features of that unusual object . I entrust you with it . Keep a close watch over it because many centuries will have to pass before the mankind is ready to use fully these secrets . Let it be so . Have a look at this young shogun here . Now comes my request . This young man is a nephew of a powerful ruler in the distant Europe , till now he lived in the Wo-Si-Yang castle where he analyzed , at my orders , the magic qualities of a mineral called silicon . I want you to make him the guard of the great secret 's seal ... I also want you to impart all your knowledge to him ... Do you hear me ? It will be as you wish , my most magnificent Lord . Tell me your name , young man . My name is Ambrose Blot , your learned highness . Don Philippo ! And what next ? Oh , no ! No ! And so I came to share all secrets of doctor Pai-Chi-Wo and became his pupil and later also his friend . Fascinating . And when did you last see doctor Pai-Chi-Wo , professor Blot ? It was a very long time ago . When Adolf , or rather the mechanical doll of Filip the Barber destroyed some of our secrets , doctor Pai-Chi-Wo decided to hand the emerald casket over to the Prime Minister of the Planet . Why are you asking about this , Dad ? Your question is very interesting , indeed . Because strangely , the mystery of the emerald casket appeared in my life at some point , too . Tell us about it , Dad . I was an ordinary pilot then , a spotter pilot ... one day , quite unexpectedly I was called to appear before admiral of our space fleet . Captain Max Benson of Spotter Flight Section . I called you , captain Benson , to entrust a mission of special responsibility to you . I must put you under an obligation to keep this absolutely secret . I 'm at your disposal , admiral . We 're in a very difficult situation , simply dramatic . A prototype of a star carrier , SARATOGA , had a break-down . It was forced to land and crushed against a rock . The thing is , there is a confidential consignment containing secret information for the Council of the Planetary Union . The consignment cannot get into the wrong hands . We suspect that agents of other civilizations have been sent to our planet . If they managed to get hold of these materials , our planet might be expelled from the Union . I understand my order , admiral . What shape is the lost consignment ? It is a small , emerald box in the shape of a Chinese pagoda in a metal container . Immediately I was transferred in a civilian helicopter of old type to the the area where Saratoga 's crash took place . Commandos accompanying me were not informed as to the purpose of the expedition . On arrival and after locating the remains of the spacecraft I was to leave my helmet with our broadcasting station set for reception thus cutting all contact with the headquarters . At midnight I reached the Night Base of Reconnaissance Flights . I was so tired that I paid no attention to the fact that the base , which recently became the property of a private company , had no military protection . Captain Max Benson of the Reconnaissance Flights Section . Just a moment ... Miss Sandy , take captain Benson to the suite under the dome on the first floor . Do you wish anything , captain ? I was absolutely exhausted but the thought of the container 's content would not let me go to sleep . I decided to have a look inside the Chinese box ... just to satisfy my curiosity . At dawn I handed the box container to the admiral . On the following day we were both called to report to the Prime Minister of the Planet . After you . Mr. Prime Minister , here 's captain Benson . Good morning , gentlemen . Delighted ... Captain Benson . In recognition of your service to our whole Planet ... for your courage , initiative and discretion during the Saratoga operation ... I decorate you with the Star of the Winners ... and promote you to the rank of the commander . - Congratulations ... - Thank you very much ... That 's not all ... As of tomorrow you take the command of our Early Warning Space Force . Here 's your nomination . I can 't stop thinking about one problem : What was it that emerald box that was so precious to the interplanetary Union ? I think I know the answer to your question . The emerald box contained a map of other intelligent civilizations in the Universe . Your story contains one more very important question . The things you 're talking about are so interesting that I 've quite forgotten about Agnieszka . But this is the most important thing now and that 's why we 're going to the Planet of Mango . I 'm hungry . I can 't stand the look of all these creams and sweets . You 'll never know , Paping , what Barley soup or meat dumplings taste like ! Chirrup ! What 's this ? Here 's the Information Ball ... I call the Phantomization Headquarters . - The Spy-Bah . - The Dracula-Ball , Chirrup ! Here , have a look at yourself . Spy on yourself . Attention , attention , I 've discovered an unidentified spherical ... object during my routine observation inspection . Attention ! I report discovering an unidentified spherical object . I start continuous observation . Blockade of the Information Ball ? The hell with the Ball . We must get ready . Yes , yes ... Commander ... I 'm afraid I 'm not fit to travel in space because of my great imagination . I am not ... - Try to sleep ... - Easier said than done . Sleep , sleep , dream , dream , dream ... Sleep , Princess , close your eyes , sleep ... Sleep Princess , close your eyes ... Sleep , sleep now . Linella , I 'd like to ask you something ... I 've been asking you to compose a rock opera for me for over a year now ! Well ? - I had no inspiration ... - Inspiration ... But now , that we 've got our little daughter , I 'm going to write it in no time . I would like to ... I 'd like you to put our little princess to sleep . She hasn 't slept a wink since she came to Mango . Sleep brings hope . Everything is possible in sleep . Sleep Little princess . Let true dreams come to you . Put Mr. Andersen 's fairy-tales under your pillow . Put your head on your pillow . The dream stage is opening now . A lullaby In the style of Mango ... a mixture of a waltz and tango and also a minuet strange as this planet . A lullaby In the style of Mango . A mixture of waltz and a tango . And also a minuet . Strange as this planet . When did you become the Governor ? Five years ago the Planet of Mango was incorporated into the interplanetary corporation of Down Producers . I became the Governor . I like Papings and my wife , Linella , wields the power . However , since the Great Electronic came to live on our planet , our life has become very annoying . I want to tell you , my dear princess , that once the Planet of Mango was called the Bird Planet because it was populated by birds only . They had their own king , their parliament ... Chirrup , chirrup ! The Bird King ruled the planet till the insatiable producers of crests organized a penal expedition against the inhabitants of the Planet of Mango . A great battle took place on the canary field . The inhabitants were defeated , the planet was defeated ... and , of course , it was plucked to the last feather . The bird-like Papings survived till today because they had neither wings nor feathers . That 's interesting . Chirrup , chirrup ... My great grandfather lived on Earth . He sighed to the sky all the time : Oh , dear God I need three sons . He didn 't have to wait long . Three lazy boys were born . And among them was my grandfather . My grandfather was lazy on the outskirts of the world , he shook the star dust off his hair . And he used to fly to Jupiter . He had about a hundred sons there cosmically vain brothers . One of them was my father . The devil take him . My daddy was a man of powerful build . He enjoyed his space visits so much that he gave me two hundred brothers , gloomy fellows . If I only wanted to want ... I might have a thousand sons but all I want is a daughter ! I can swear you 'll have everything here , everything . Do you agree ? Tell me . Daddy Caramello is waiting . It 's a very funny story , indeed . Who 's squeaking here ? It 's a scandal . Who dares to break my order ? Who dares to laugh ? What does it mean , Mr. Caramello ? Laughter is a powerful enemy of our guest . If there is anything that can make him weak it is laughter . Unfortunately , I myself and my subjects have long forgotten how to laugh . Dear Friends , we are in the sphere of the Triangle of Titans . We 'll start landing in an hour . Commander ... I 've got the thing I 've been looking for . - Where ? - In my mind , Commander . Naturally , in my mind . All the time I was trying to find out what was there in common in your unexpected promotion and your sudden dismissal so soon afterwards . I was missing one word only , which you 've just uttered . Maneuver , maneuver . You 've been maneuvered twice . First they wanted to recover the emerald box , didn 't they ? And the second time ? Was it the disappearance of the ARGO 14-17 which you couldn 't help ? No ! Certainly not ! - So you think ... - Yes , yes ... Commander . The second time was also connected with the emerald box . It was hidden in the hold of the Argo 14-17 and lost together with that spacecraft . I don 't want to think what may happen if it gets into the wrong hands . I 've called you all here to witness an epoch-making event . Here 's my mortal enemy . The man who humiliated me and forced me to flee my empire on the Inventors ' Island . He 's now going to face his fate . The invention I managed to make thanks to the hospitality of the Governor will help me to teach that insubordinate eccentric , that parody of a scientist , that witch in a professor 's skin . In a moment you will witness the phantomization of Mr. Blot ... and his three pitiful friends : Commander Benson , Groszek , his son and that pitiful monster Melo the Laugher . Groszek ! - You are cruel and evil ! - Quiet , you horrid chit of a girl . But mere change into an electronic figurine is not enough for that coxcomb . He will also be put to the torture of the labyrinth . We wouldn 't like to offend you but we don 't see anything funny in your experiment and in order not to make you angry we prefer to leave now . Sure . Get out . You 're only spoiling my fun . Well , how 's it going ? Let 's go , Manuel . What terribly bad manners ! Professor ... - Professor ... - We can hear you . So , professor , you 're in my hands . I would like to give you a chance , however , so that you could properly see my generosity . In a moment you will start your crossing of the computer games world , crossing programs I created especially for you . Here 's the map of the labyrinth from which you have to find the way out . If you manage to do this I shall give you your freedom back . Your chance is in the path in which you can maneuver a rushing platform . Careful , you 're flying over the Boiling Sea . It 's over , at last . One point for you , you old , blasted artful chap . But wait , I 've got something special for you . Come monsters , nightmares , and castaways of Cosmic Space ! Give them a good hiding . Governor , we must help them somehow . That old brute will never let them free from that electronic trap . But how do you want to do it , my little girl ? If only Groszek or Kuba were here . They know more about all these computers than that horrible Great Electronic . Just a moment . I can establish contact with Groszek . Mr Caramello , could you take the Great Electronic away from that monitor screen for a moment ? My dear , it seems quite impossible . He 's so engrossed in the instrument of torture he invented that it 's going to be impossible to draw him out of the chamber before the end of the program . Sometimes he even falls asleep at his console ... Fall asleep ? You said " fall asleep " ? Dear Mr. Caramello , we must put him to sleep , somehow . I think we can find some way . Papings , come here . What now ? You will have to surrender and ask for forgiveness . - Groszek , you 're all our hope . - I 'll do my best , professor . Only you can win with the computer . Stop , stop ! Oh , no . I must have mixed up the keys . Now , this is right . Careful ... Oh , what 's that ? Vampirella ! - Something 's been blocked . - Forward . Quick . Let 's get away ... I don 't know anything now . Wait , I 'll know it in a moment . Sleep , sleep , sleep . Dream , dream , dream . Over the Planet ... it 's dark already . Put your head in front of your monitor screen ... Sleep we ... it 's dark over the Planet . Put your head in front of the monitor screen . You 've brought it on yourself , you know-all ! Oh , we 're slowing down . Emperor , Emperor ... Groszek ... can you hear me ? Groszek , do you hear me ? Agnieszka ! Agnieszka , do you know the phantomization code ? Well ... yes , the keys ... Bai , Si , A. Try to press them in the reverse order . Agnieszka ! We 've put him to sleep with a song . Sh ... we 're having visitors . It 's time . Farewell . Madam , a Rock-Comet is going to land on our planet in a minute . Well , at last we 'll be able to perform your rock-opera ... well ... we shall invite Mr. Blot . Ha ! Ha ! In the rays of the sunshine , like glass wool , the flight of the comet , took light years . The beginning of the world and yet with each moment Of our flight something jammed the sky peace , peace , peace ... With great force , and terrific speed , the silver rubbish wildly whirls everywhere . Destroyed probes , old rockets , are changing the Cosmic Space into the rubbish heap . If you see it ... If you hear it , save the blue of our sky at least , Save the Space , save the Space for yourself . At least for yourself . If you see it , if you hear it , save the blue of our sky . Save the Space , if for yourself only . When everybody went to greet the passengers of the Rock-Comet , Commander Max Benson decided to have a closer look at the Great Electronic 's equipment . An idea bothered him all the time ... that any moment it could be used against other defenseless spacecrafts peacefully traveling in space . Suddenly he saw in the view-finder some remains of a space probe ... he aimed at it and pressed the phantomization code . Welcome all our dear guests . It 's a dance in the style of Mango , a little waltz , a little tango . And a bit of a minuet , It goes like this planet . I , Manuel Caramello de Bazar , would like to greet cordially all guests who arrived on our Planet . It 's a dance in the style of Mango , A little waltz , a little tango . And a bit of a minuet . It goes like this planet . Princess Sandra , the Crew and the passengers of the Rock-Comet , the fearless travelers : Groszek , his father , Max Benson , and my dear Melo the Laugher . It 's a dance in the style of Mango . A little waltz , a little tango . And a bit of minuet , it goes like this planet . I want to greet professor of Practical Cosmology a great friend of children . Ambrose Blot . Professor . Hallo , dear friends . My very dear friends . I 'm glad that the Planet of Mango - the central planet in the Pudding System - Has freed itself from the usurpatory rule of the Great Electronic . I 'm glad that time the children won ; the children who have mastered so beautifully the completely incomprehensible world of computers . If there is anything that overshadows my joy , it is the fact that on this planet there exist powerful , hostile to us , machines constructed by the Great Electronic . Governor , Professor ... Listen . I have just discovered that the phantomization equipment ... can be used to clean the Cosmic Space from all flying rubbish . It 's going to serve us , the people . Bravo Commander . The rest is a song . In a labyrinth of strange events fears , adventures , dreams . An idea comes into being , An idea becomes mature , And it is worth to sing it out . Long live the new glittering inventions in the hands of joyful young people . The first law in the world of the fairy-tales is not to admonish and not to bore . There is freedom in your childhood it 's a waste of time to make wise faces and even the most important matters are not more important than games and playing . In a labyrinth of strange things . Among fears , adventures , dreams an idea comes into being , an idea becomes mature and it 's worth to sing it out . There is enough madness in youth among ice , winds and wings rustle . This is wiser than wisdom and more reasonable than reason . There is enough madness in youth among ice , winds and wings rustle . It 's wiser than wisdom and more reasonable than reason . Come , sit down here ... You know , Groszek . I have a surprise for you . With the sweets I got from Mr. Caramello there also came a very strange box . Here you are . It 's for you . The Ming Dynasty box ! It contains a secret we , the people of the Earth , are not up to yet . Let 's leave in on the Planet of Mango . Well , my dear ? Time to go back to the Earth , - to our Natural Reserve , isn 't it ? - Oh , no ! No , professor . I shall stay here , on the Planet of Mango . I 've decided to set up the Melo the Laugher Academy here , among the Papings . Congratulations , a very good idea . - Thank you , Professor . - I 've already heard about it somewhere . And so we come to the end of our story . I know that your curiosity has not been wholly satisfied yet . You would sure like to know what was in the mysterious emerald box ... I shall present it to you on condition that what you see will remain the strictest secret . Here the great secret of the Ming Dynasty . - Who is it ? - No strangers . What can I do for you , gentlemen ? We have verified information that somewhere here ... that somewhere here there is some broken computer to repair ... We want to repair it , boy . Sua , kua , bei ... When we have a chance again we shall fly to the Planet of Fantasia . We shall go there even without a ticket by shuttle of spacecraft . We shall take our colorful dreams . And leave the troubles on Fantasia . Here will they stay . What 's awaiting us in cosmic space . On a planet called Fantasia ? For fun and games , for happiness and joy . For such colored earth there is hope . There childhood has the color of fairy-tales . There adventures awaits behind the doors . Fantastic , interesting and thoughtful . Here in Fantasia and there high up under the stars . When the moment of return comes . We shall bid good-bye to Fantasia and magic . We shall return to our troubles and worries enriched with magnificent gifts . We shall start our lives anew in the world of the fairy-tales on the planet of Fantasia . Authoring DVD : CatMusic
