 coming to you very much live and direct on Network 23 . Carter 's the best known reporter we have on the air . He satellites globally . Where does all this stuff come from , Bryce ? The components of Carter 's mind . M-M-Max , M-M-Max . [ Bryce ] People translated as data . It 's computer-generated , whatever it is . It looks like Edison . Max . Max Headroom . Max ? He 's a computer-generated person based on you . Two minds , but with one single memory . ♪ [ pop , on television ] ♪ Sometimes I wonder what I 'm a-gonna do ♪ ♪ There ain 't no cure for the summertime blues ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ This is Blank Reg , yeah . Reg . ♪ [ guitar continues ] Reg ! ♪ [ continues , lower volume ] Dom , if it 's not loud , it doesn 't work . Are you tired of complaints about sagging buns or flat and naughty little muffins ? Then this next product is just for you . And our first 23 callers will receive , absolutely free , this beautiful diamond necklace . I don 't know how you can watch that drivel . One of my little pleasures . Makes me happy . If you want the real thing for the right stuff , Zik-Zak muffin is it . And the packaging is perfect as a soiree purse . [ laughs ] You know , this home shop-shop-shopping show is great . From start to finish , it 's just sell , sell , sell , sell , sell , sell . At last , a show with no-no-no commercials . - Go away . - [ static ] Reg , Max is ruining my program . Good . Honestly , someone at Network 23 ought to do something about him . [ static ] Reg . Reg , come here . Reg ! Ow ! Bleeding hell , Dom , nearly ripped me bleeding ears off . Come here . Blimey , what is it ? Look . Well , that 's not Max , Dom . It 's those zippers again . They must have a hell of a setup . Zipping into network transmissions takes a lot of power . Well , they 're ruining my shopping . Takes a lot of nerve as well . How are they doing this ? Well , you see , they hack into our satellite transponders and they hijack our frequency . Ashwell , Lauren means how are they cracking our security ? Oh . They flatten our ratings every time they zip us like that . Look at those figures . Shoppin ' Spree TV is diving . Viewers won 't stand for this . This has got to be stopped . This is dangerous . If they can break into our carrier that easily , nothing 's safe . Our bank accounts , our medical records . Never mind that . What about ratings ? I 've already alerted Bryce Lynch . He 's been trying to track them for some time . He was a hacker himself , you know . Send a thief to catch a thief . Ah , Bryce . You get that last zipping ? Of course . I 've isolated the satellite they 're hacking into . Now , it wasn 't easy , because they hacked our security- - Bryce , just the conclusion will be fine . The conclusion , Mr. Cheviot , is that they are extremely good . But not as good as I am , naturally . Would you like to watch my endgame ? He thinks this is a game . He thinks everything 's a game . Don 't you , Bryce ? Yes . I often play chess with the 23 computer . - And I often beat it . - [ ding ] Ah , here we go . Would you like to watch ? [ typing ] You 've got it . Well done , Bryce . Uh , I think there 's a little error . Can you hang on just one minute ? [ typing ] There 's your target . That 's it , Mr. Cheviot . You 've got your zipper . Let me have security . [ Blank Reg ] You 're tuned to Big-Time Television . Where music is the brandy of the damned . So , let 's pop the cork on this . Go , go , go . Hold on , Dominique , he just walked in . You see what that explosion did to the people in that city , you 'll know why they call it a breeder reactor . Edison , it 's Dominique . Blank Reg has been arrested . What happened ? Metrocops . They said he was signal zipping . Reg ? That 's crazy . That 's way out of his league . Reg asked me to call you . Edison , you 've got to help him . Where are they holding him ? Metro jail 42 . I 'm on my way . Insert credit tube . Now , just tell me the truth . Were you zipping into Network 23 transmissions from Big-Time ? Do me a favor , girl . There 's not enough power in that bus to zip up me trousers , never mind a network satellite . I don 't think you understand the severity of this charge . Network zipping is a prime offense . - Sir . - I understand one thing , darling . Someone 's trying to frame me . And when I find who , I 'm gonna unilaterally murder the swine . Watch your threats . We are being monitored . Now , we might have a chance , as long as you aren 't a recidivist . Me ? No way . I can 't even spell it . You don 't have a criminal profile ? That 's right . Of course I don 't . Edison , you 've got to get me out of this . Someone is setting me up . Right up . [ bell rings ] All rise for the most highly rated judge . Please approach the bench . Your honor , the network has reason to believe that an indictment of first-degree zipping should be brought against this defendant . Counsel for the defense . I move for dismissal on the grounds that the network has no first-hand corroboration that my client committed this crime . He 's a Blank , your honor . A Blank ? In that case , he 's beyond my jurisprudence . Video court . But you haven 't evaluated my floppy disc . The charges stand . We 've got to pick a court date . Would you care to do the honors ? No thanks . All yours . I play Grateful Dead on Wednesdays . It only gives me one day to prepare your defense . You believe me , don 't you , old son ? Yeah . You didn 't , you couldn 't , and you wouldn 't . Question is , who did ? How 's Reg ? He 's pretty angry , all right . What you got ? Well , Bryce coordinated the targeting for that raid . It seems he had a problem and it switched from mid-set , which is very strange . Can it be switched ? Yeah , it could , but why ? Okay , the sat cam program produces a lot of temporary files . Then discards them . All those bits and pieces go into the purge directory , which is a sort of electronic trash bin . - Mm-hmm . - Which the systems operator empties at the end of the day . Everything ends up in there . Discarded files , bits and pieces of video outtakes , messages . I 'll see what I can find . Praying , Bryce ? No . No need , huh ? No . Oh , good . Oh , good . Game of chess ? No thanks , Max . You can be white . No thanks , Max , really . I 'm thinking . I 'm evaluating a recent strategy . I know . Did it work ? What ? Switching the coordinates . How on earth did you know ? I happened to be flit-flit-flitting about the mainframe and I just watched the show . You won 't tell . Will you ? These files write over themselves a lot before they 're thrown away . I 'll get the computer to extrapolate it for us . Now , those are the coordinates of the target . But look , they switch and give us another set . What are the new coordinates ? Big-Time Television . What are the original coordinates ? I 'm beginning to get a very nasty tingle in my spine . Well , that 's good . Probably means a story . It 's not nice to eavesdrop , Murray . It 's not nice to falsify evidence , either . Let 's have the coordinates . My God , it 's ACS . The Academy of Computer Sciences . Now , that is a story . Network 23 's computer wiz kids zipping their own channel ? That 's a story , all right . Yeah , I get your point . A bit sensitive . Sensitive ? You can say that again . All right . Go to ACS . Lay some story on them , see just what 's going on . Murray , Bryce Lynch on line two . Yeah . - Theora . - It 'll be fun , Edison . Like going back to school . - Theora . - What ? We both know something else about ACS , don 't we ? Yes , we do . It 's where Bryce came from . We got a problem . Listen , I have a great idea . I just told Bryce to go with you . You see , he 'll be able to talk to the kids , help you subvert the little geniuses . What 's the matter ? What is the matter ? Well ? Well what ? W-Well , as they said to K-K-King Charles I on the scaffold , are you-are you going to go quietly ? Or do you need a push ? To ACS ? Murray asked me to . I have to help Edison . What could I say ? I have no choice . Of course-Of course you have a choice . The same one Charles I had . Exactly . Will you come with me ? I think I have a problem . [ School announcer ] Academy of Computer Sciences fourth period pod begins in exactly 1 minute and 3.0 seconds . Your assignment for this period is to compute ten designs for peizo polymer fingers of a surgical robot hand . Also , please note that we have distinguished visitors from Network 23 today . So please show them how courteous we are . The spore is loaded . You take the first watch . Look here , that 's me . Oh , yeah . You trying to tell me you had sideburns ? Yeah . This bring back memories ? Some . Most memories are the random retrieval of normally superfluous data . A waste of real time . I try to bulk erase mine daily . Yeah , well , be careful you don 't erase all the bits that add up to experience . Oh , I keep the critical material . I remember my first undergraduate day here . It was Tuesday . It was raining , and I was cold . Huh . Your random recall is almost as good as Max ' . Oh , that 's not random . That was my tenth birthday . They 've separated . These kids are bright . They 're into securicams everywhere . I mean , I 'm tapping off their illicit feeds . Which makes you even brighter . - Older . - Wiser . Marry me , Murray . [ School announcer ] Announcement . Nanotechnology pod test results are posted in the sub-micron lab for your viewing . Headsysop . Does it teach or devour maidens ? Announcement . Students are reminded not to leave their mutated molecules in their lockers overnight . Well , we haven 't got any absolute proof . But the signals were tracked to this campus . Naturally , I 'm more inquisitive than anything else . Naturally . Are you positive about this ? One of your former students did the tracking . Bryce Lynch . And he claims to be a genius , so ... Ah , Lynch . Excellent student . Single-minded . Well , ACS students don 't make mistakes , and Lynch was one of the very best . In his time , of course . Odd boy . He never made contact with his parents after he came to us . They were middle management , you know . - I well remember- - - [ beeping ] Time for my 3 : 00 pod . I 'll bring this up after session . I 'm as anxious as you to get to the bottom of it . Headsysops , pods . Tell you , in my day , it was headmasters and classes . Yes , yes . How times change . We 're all input systems , operators , and pod managers now , my boy . But you can 't fool and old head , you know . [ laughs ] Settle down , settle down . Order from chaos . And now , for your next project , you will each receive a package containing one floppy diskette , an old-fashioned 888 processor , and a coat hanger . With these materials , you will be expected to design a device to snare Clifford here . We 'll see which one of you can build the better mousetrap . - Piece of cake . - Piece of cheese . Your humor parameters need expanding , Nicholas . Yes , Stratton ? Can we kill it ? Yes , that is within the bounds of the experiment . But I 'm afraid you 'll find that more difficult than you imagine . Uh , Miss Partridge ? What are the time parameters here ? You may have until the end of the day . If there are no further questions- - Yes , Stratton ? What 's Edison Carter doing here ? Oh , once again my little code crunchers are getting ahead of their old sysop . Say hello to Mr. Edison Carter . [ students ] Hello , Mr. Carter . He does look like Max Headroom . Uh , no , actually . He looks like me . Mr. Carter brings a disturbing piece of information . He suspects some highly illegal signal zipping has been emanating from this campus . Now , if this is true , I expect the responsible party to report to my office . Because you are all minors , you will be spared the particular punishment usually afforded adults . As I am fond of saying , we have our own methods . Pod dismissed . They seem like a normal bunch of kids . - Oh , yes . - Homicidal rodent squishers . [ laughs ] You really expect the guilty party just to march right into your office ? Of course . We instill the morality of binary absolutes here , Mr. Carter . The useful consequence of pure logic is the divine simplicity of a yes / no decision about everything . Well , what about right and wrong ? I notice you said " responsible party , " not " guilty . " A gray area is quite useless to a computer specialist . We don 't deal in guilt . We deal in information . That is why the appropriate party will be with us shortly . You will see . Let 's adjourn to my office . Doesn 't this place bring back f-f-fond memories , Bryce ? Ah-Ah-Ah , the sounds , the s-s-squeak of trainers on the gym floor , the screech of ch-chalk on gallium chip . The secret kiss behind the computer terminal . It wasn 't like that . Why do people get so sentimental about college days ? Because for p-p-people like Edison , it was a time of giggles , g-g-girls , guys , and g-g-getting into trouble . - Not me . - Not yet . [ Boy ] Bryce Lynch is in there . Well , it 's Bryce Lynch . We got the warning . Good . How 's your security ? Optimized . Only the inner circle knows . What 's that ? My computer regeneration project . Max Headroom . Ah , yes . We 've heard about that . Rather primitive . We 're into cross-species regeneration these days . A little more advanced . Se-Se-Se- - Seems like a nice boy . Nicholas rather enjoys his performances . Talk-Talk-Talking of performances , if you 're gonna get us out of this m-m-mess you got us into , you 'll need some fancy dancing . What puzzles me is how a former student could have been incorrect about ACS being the source of the zipping . Bryce wasn 't wrong . The party who did it just isn 't ' fessing up . Logically impure . It would assume that there is a guilty party . It just doesn 't compute . It would imply a gray area . Not at ACS , Mr. Carter . We work with perfect information . Paradise , huh ? Well , maybe you got a dragon in the Garden of Eden . You mind if I have a look around on my own ? No , no , not at all . But , Mr. Carter , beware the dragon . [ laughs ] - How 's Fang ? - Off his food . Blimey , that bad ? Now , be sure he gets his ice cream every night . Yes , I will , but he won 't eat it out of your spoon for me . And Big-Time is off air . We could go out of business . He likes chocolate chip best . If they are zipping , Theora , they 're very clever at hiding it . Apart from the inside of locker doors , - whole place is clean . - Oh , no , it isn 't , Edison . That hardware they 've got in there is fully capable of signal zipping . Look . Crafty little devils . That 's nothing to the rest of the setup . Some have perverted little minds . Oh , good , there 's Bryce . [ Nicholas ] Nice to see you accessing the old memory bank , sir . [ Bryce ] Turn down the potentiometer before you close the mic . I 've come to say goodbye . We 're about finished here . Are your mics security looped ? - Of course . - Good . Congratulations . We got away with it . The only thing that can happen to Blank Reg now is some temporary discomfort . They 'll soon find out he hasn 't the power to zip and justice will compute . - Eventually . - You little beast . Bryce . I don 't believe it . Lots of little girls and boys ' tricks in the system . What kind of games did you play , Theora ? Growing up games . Doctors and nurses . [ Edison ] Yeah , well , there 's nothing like a good physical . Okay , turn left and go straight ahead until you reach the stairwell . [ Edison ] Learn anything that might brighten my day ? Yes , I was quite fast . At the top of the stairs , turn left and then down the hall . Ah . I must remember to try and catch up with you . - As a specialist ? - But of course . Now I want you to lift the nose of the statue . Pardon ? You lift the nose , you flip the switch , and the door behind the statue opens . I 'm afraid Bryce has been a very naughty boy . I wonder what you tweak to close it . Well , Bryce , I wondered what had happened to you . What you up to ? Sneaking a smoke ? Or ... zipping a network ? Edison , how did you get in here ? [ squeaks ] I think we better go have a little talk . Oh , and try and remember , I was a kid once too . I wish you hadn 't kept anything from me . - Like what ? - Your record . But he hasn 't got a record . He 's a Blank . Previous criminal activities . They can 't have any files on me . I 've been off the records for years . The network police ran a computer investigation . They say the probability is you committed these crimes . Oh , probability . Yes , Dominique . If the probability computes , and in cases where there 's no evidence , they work on the probability . Well , I expect it saves everybody a lot of work . It 's not gonna save you , Reg . You compute . And the punishment for network program zipping is terminal . You put together pieces of my sat cam sequence from the purge directory ? Most of it . The computer did the rest . Man . I gotta recode that sat cam program to wipe out all the files before dumping them . We saw how you altered the target from ACS to Big-Time . Computer-enhanced files . Illegally obtained . You can 't use that against me , Edison . That 's inadmissible evidence . We don 't want to use anything against you , Bryce . - We want to help Reg . So should you . - Why ? Because you 've put him in very serious danger . Bryce , I 'm getting angry . Then stop . It 's quite unnecessary . Blank Reg didn 't zip our transmissions , right ? You know he didn 't . [ Theora ] Why did you do it ? I mean , why Reg , of all people ? I had to make a quick decision . I had to protect ACS , didn 't I ? I don 't believe it . An emotion . A decision , Edison . I simply selected the closest option that would achieve that goal . Now , Blank Reg couldn 't be proven guilty . It 's an optimum solution . What about right and wrong ? Non-empirical concepts . Don 't you understand ? The network court wants to make an example of someone . [ Theora ] And Reg is it . Network courts . Our courts . All we have to do is rearrange the information . As long as no one finds out about ACS . Bryce , stop treating people like machines . You can 't rearrange information which is evidence . Grow up . Okay , okay , so you were right . He is an obstinate little child . Where are you going , Edison ? Cheviot 's office . Maybe I can get him to fix things with the network court . You 're just like Bryce . - What ? - Fix things with the court . - I mean , what about Reg ? - I care about Reg . What about justice ? You don 't need to fix it . He didn 't do it . But how do we prove he didn 't do it ? Bryce is right . We can 't use the information he accessed and we can 't testify for Reg . As 23 's employees , our evidence is inadmissible in 23 's court . Unless Bryce helps , Reg is in very real trouble . Well , I 'm gonna go and see Reg . I mean , there must be a way of proving he 's incapable of zipping from Big-Time . If Bryce won 't help , I will . Why are you smirking at me like that ? Me ? Smirk ? That 's not in my pro-pro-program . I thought you were on my side . It 's not a ques-question of sides anymore , Bryce . Ha ha . Except for the right side . I 'm uncharacteristically confused . I 'm used to logic , not opinion . The thing- - The thing is you 're a bit like me . Ex-Except we 've got different bits . Sometimes I think I could use some leg-legs , and right now I think you-you-you could use some conscience . Which file is it in ? Think of yourself as a human program and that bit of you has developed a glitch-ch-ch . Developed a glitch . Everyone keeps lecturing me these days . That 's why I 'm just talk-talk-t-talking to you about getting Blank Reg released . I know . Yes , sir . That 's right , sir . We dropped off three more . Leave the truck around the loading dock . If you told your lawyer about your criminal profile , she might have been better prepared to defend you . I told you , Dom , I didn 't know . How could you not know you had a criminal profile ? It 's something called the Career Capability Malfeasance Program . CPMP . It 's the program that matches Blanks with unassigned profiles . It compares the crime template to the personality template . And if it matches , you 're assumed guilty . Criminals can blank out their identities , but they can 't get rid of their criminal profile . Are you saying there are more criminal profiles than there are criminals ? Precisely . If a Blank is arrested now , they run a CPMP on him . If the computer says the probability is high enough , it 's considered a match . So that isn 't really your profile . That 's what I 've been trying to tell you . Blimey , Dom . Isn 't science wonderful ? - Oh , Reg . - Yeah , wonderfully inhuman . I 'm gonna go to 23 . Our only chance is to get Murray to authorize this as a story . Template matching isn 't justice . It 's just administrative convenience . Administrators . Button pushers . Hold on , Reg . As they say , the last resort of the innocent is always publicity . Watch me . Nicholas . We need a real-time conference . What 's tickling your synapses ? Now look . In my day , zipping used to be a good hack . But things have changed . It 's a criminal offense now . And by trying to protect you and ACS , I 'm in conflict with my own network . So ? So flatline the project and submit a report to your sysop . That 's not a winning option . You 're a minor . They won 't do anything to you . They 'll dump me from the Academy , Bryce . Look , as long as nobody says anything , nobody gets in trouble . Blank Reg does . Who ? That guy ? He 's just an old Blank . But he didn 't do it . We both know that . That 's irrelevant . Is this what happens when you have to work around computer illiterates ? You 're really not compiling this , are you , Nicholas ? You did it . Blank Reg didn 't . Facts . Give me credit , Bryce . I 've got it all worked out . I 'm sure your procedures are impeccable . But you 're using the wrong formula . You remind me of myself . Should I take that as a compliment ? No . Calm down , Reg . I 'm sure Miss Keeler is on her way . If she 's late for my trial , I 'll kill her . [ siren wails ] All homicide threats are recorded for later playback . Stick that in your pipe and smoke it , sunshine . [ laughs ] Bryce . I 'm at the Academy . I just had a real-time conference with the zipping hacker . - Nicholas . - That 's wonderful . No , it 's not . It didn 't work . I don 't know what to do , Theora . Help me . What is it ? We just found out who the guest prosecutor is . Paul Wade ? But he 's the frontman for 23 's You the Jury show . And the best television prosecutor money can buy . It 's a game show for my life . Welcome to Network 23 's award-winning game show You the Jury . This is the defendant , Blank Reg , a pirate TV operator employed by Big-Time Television , who Network 23 has charged with first-degree signal zipping . These are the Metrocops who claim they caught Blank Reg in the act . And this is the TV pirate 's attorney , Shelley Keeler . Shelley 's got her work cut out for her , because today 's guest prosecutor is the Channel of Fortune 's leading quiz master , - Paul Wade . - [ applause ] On the show where the audience decides the verdict , You the Jury . We 'll be back with our first pleading in just a moment , but first , this word . If you want to do justice to your cooking , try Zik-Zak Soy Muffin Mix . Tasteless , colorless , and odorless . The perfect base for every taste . Don 't be guilty that they have no taste . I know , Mr. Cheviot , but Edison insisted . All right , Murray , put him on . Yes , Carter . Your network court is on the verge of convicting an innocent man . That 's an awfully serious charge . Can you back it up ? I can . But I need you to buy me a little more time . Are you asking me to subvert the network 's judicial process ? Quite the contrary . I believe the true source of the zipping is not Blank Reg , but the Academy of Computer Sciences . For God 's sake , Edison , those youngsters represent the distillation of human intellect . They 're the root stock of the future . Bryce Lynch is the product of ACS . And Bryce is covering this up by changing the coordinates away from the true source of the zipping . If that 's true , if our own head of research and development is responsible for covering up a crime which cost this network hundreds of thousands of credits , we 'll be the laughingstock of the industry . We could lose the entire Zik-Zak account . Mr. Cheviot , couldn 't we reschedule the network court ? Give Edison some time to clean up this mess . Please . Sir , the accused is Blank Reg . I 'm sorry about Blank Reg , believe me . If he 's innocent , I 'm sure he 'll be acquitted . He 's only one man . I have to concern myself with the greatest good for the greatest number of people . Which means this entire network . No , Murray . I won 't reschedule . Better find Bryce . It 's time for kill or cure . Welcome back to You the Jury . And now , here 's the judge . Thank you . Hello , hello , hello . Oh , thank you , thank you . And welcome to the show that puts you in the jury box . Our first case today involves a charge of zipping against a Blank Reg . For 1,000 credits , how does your client plead , Ms. Keeler ? Innocent . I- - I mean , not guilty , sir . Just relax , Ms. Keeler . Proceed with your opening argument , Mr. Wade . Thanks , Bob . Ladies and gentlemen , the prosecution intends to prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that the Blank known as Reg is guilty of network zipping . What we 're really talking about here is principle . What we 're talking about is a threat to television . To our lives . We are talking about interruptioning . When decent , honest , peaceful television-loving people cannot watch Shoppin ' Spree without these savage attacks on their viewing freedom , we have to ask this question . Are we being too lenient ? When our wives and daughters cannot shop from their own homes in peace , we must ask is consumerism itself under attack ? [ crowd boos ] Credit for your thoughts . Save your money , Edison . You already know . I don 't want to sound paranoid , but ... I know this place is bugged . Now we 're in a cone of silence . No one can eavesdrop . I tried to redirect Nicholas , but he 's a poorly designed system . What system ? The system that allows him to be better off by keeping quiet . I mean , what good is a system if it doesn 't work properly ? I hate to be the one to break this to you , Bryce , but life is more than just interactive systems analysis . Not really . It 's a matter of information . Once we understand and collate our ideas , life will be much simpler , really . It 's a matter of number crunching . It 's not just more complicated . Look , life is based on something more than just logic . It 's based on ... feelings . So everyone keeps telling me . Is it difficult to keep your feelings at bay ? Well , you can switch them off when they become inconvenient . It 's just that every time you do , you become a byte less human . But what if a microchip failed to work properly because it had to make a moral decision every time it switched ? Okay . And what if you created an artificial intelligence and it wouldn 't work because it disagreed with your principles ? Then you have a choice which is not just a yes / no binary absolute . It 's a question of conscience . Yeah . Conscience . Better work that one out . Look , I really enjoyed this little chat , but I gotta get going . I gotta go watch a friend of mine go down for something he didn 't do . Well , at least you 'll understand that . So , my little ch-ch-chip off the old mainframe , what are you going to do ? Well , I think I need to rewrite my own program . Okay . Now , moving on to our second round of questioning . [ buzzer ] Oh , that 's the plea-bargaining buzzer . Approach the bench , guys . [ no audible dialogue ] According to our rolling audience poll , the Blank Reg should be reduced to random electrons by a margin of 9 to 1 . This is my first and last offer , sweetheart . If the Blank cops to zipping , I 'll settle for life and a day . I have to confer with my client . Will she go for the life and a day , or try to get the Blank free ? Let 's ask some of the folks in the gallery what they think . - This is the deal . - I understand the offer . If I confess to something I didn 't do , I go to prison for the rest of me life . Stuff it . I 'd make a very bad prisoner . They used the phrase random electrons . I can 't spell that , either . It means no ? Conference time 's up . Approach the bench . So , what 'll it be , Shelley ? [ dinging ] We 're gonna go for it . Oh , they 're gonna go for it . Nicholas . You 've been cheating . Nice try . Cheating ? Loading inaccurate information designed to crash a logic program . And output bias to produce selective information . And putting it simply , Nick , lying . We couldn 't . The coordinates are clear . It really was the Big-Time bus the zipping came from . Blank Reg must be brilliant . And guilty . Hey , let 's watch his sentencing . Blank Reg , eh ? Fancy being able to zip a live program . Bryce , you 're making a mistake in your old age . You can 't tell one set of coordinates from another . I assumed you guys had learned something since I was here , but it 's evident that your generation hasn 't the skills nor the system for zipping . What would you call this setup ? Toys for Tots . You 're taking credit for Reg 's achievement . You 're obviously trying to impress the girls . Say when , Mr. Lynch . Nicholas , you 're behaving emotionally . Shut up . You wouldn 't dare . - -jury find Blank- - - I move for dismissal . - [ buzzer ] Hold it . Looks like we 've got a move for dismissal . - On what grounds , Ms. Keeler ? - Pure logic . My client , Blank Reg , couldn 't possibly have caused the zipping you just saw . He 's here in the court . [ dinging ] Oh . Dismissed . Oh , Dom , that 's the first time you 've ever had your arms around me . Oh , Reggie , darling . Ugh , about your personal hygiene . Oh . [ laughs ] What made Bryce change his mind ? He didn 't . He adjusted his parameters . Think it 'll make him any easier to work with ? Never . Con-Con-Converts are the worst kind of bigots . One of yours ? One of my best . [ laughing ] Closed-Captioned By J.R. Media Services , Inc . Burbank , CA
