 live and direct on Network 23 . Carter 's the best known reporter we have on the air . He satellites globally . Where does all this stuff come from , Bryce ? The components of Carter 's mind . M-M-Max , M-M-Max . [ Bryce ] People translated as data . It 's computer-generated , whatever it is . It looks like Edison . Max . Max Headroom . Max ? He 's a computer-generated person based on you . Two minds , but with one single memory . [ Announcer ] We now return to Save Yourself , Network 23 's weekly broadcast of the Vu Age Church . Modern religion for the video age . [ applause ] [ Woman ] Thank you . Thank you . Your church has been at the forefront of resurrection research . But resurrection is a very costly process and requires your donations . Without your generosity , we may have a long , long wait until that glorious day , that rapturous day , when the Vu Age Laboratories perfect cloning and reverse transference . Now , I know these are big words . But salvation is a complicated business . Oh , she 's such a good woman , isn 't she , Humphrey ? Yes . It 's wonderful , isn 't it ? - -Which often destroy our ability to believe without touching . Perhaps we are a church for all the Doubting Thomases out there . If that 's the case , so be it . We want a resurrection you can believe in . A resurrection you can touch . That does take money , though . Our goal today is 5 million credits . But every one of them counts . This resurrection process Vu Age is offering is a financial bonanza . Brilliant targeting . Is there any way our other programs could utilize these techniques ? We 've quite enough to deal with in news and entertainment , Edwards . Let 's leave religion to the televangelists . After all , they 're the professionals . All right , people , let 's do this . Thank you , Vanna Smith . Okay . You don 't have to be telepaths to know what I 'm thinking . Oh , go ahead and surprise us , Murr . All right . Well , you all know about this Vu Age Church . Came out of nowhere a few years ago claiming to be the first modern religion for the age of video , but now they 're rich . And they got everyone worried . - Shannon . - In terms of airtime and ad rates , Vu Age is bigger than Islam , Judaism , IBM , Scientology , and all but two Christian denominations . Projections indicate that they will pass the Catholics and the 700 Club by this time next year . Especially with this phony resurrection racket . Ah , I 'm glad someone actually watches the news we produce . Teacher 's pet . All right , I think Vu Age is a big target begging to be nailed by the Edison Carter show . Well , by lunchtime tomorrow we can have a total analysis of their financial records . If they 've spent one cent the wrong way , we 'll know . - Good . - I can call up the history of the church for background . Good . Edison . You will have to gird your loins for a meeting with Vanna Smith . Wooooo . Something wrong ? Is there something we 're missing ? Murray . Every X-Mas , we do the story about the fire that wrecks the TV and puts the family out in the cold . Every spring , we cover the Special Olympics . Is this the month when we nail a new TV evangelist ? To everything there is a season . All right , all right , all right . He 's got a point . But you saw that spot . Not only do these people claim to put you in direct contact with God , but now they 're selling this resurrection business . Die now , repay later . Come on . You don 't think there 's a story in that ? I just don 't want to waste my time on a story that Angie Barry can handle in her sleep . Sorry . No problem . Yeah , well , I have a problem . Excuse me . Is your contract up ? Or are you just losing your edge ? You 're the boss . - I 'll do it . - Chopper 's waiting . All right , get back to work . Have you any idea what that was all about ? I 've never seen him chill out on a story . No . He tends to be overeager . Yeah . That means something 's wrong . I hate that . There are things wrong all over the world , Murray . Otherwise , we wouldn 't have jobs . Listen , how much do you know about Edison ? As much as I need to know . Has he ever mentioned anything about a religious background ? Why ask me ? Well , men tell women things they don 't tell men . Well , this man hasn 't told this woman anything like that . All right . All right . Would it be in his file ? - Murray . - No , no , no , you 're right . That would be prying . And we wouldn 't want to do that . Max . You rang ? Oh , God , he 's been in the Dobie Gillis file again . Max , um , you share memories with Edison , is that right ? I like to think that he shares memories with me , actually . Right . Do you or does Edison have a religious background ? Murray , I really think this is prying . Depends on what I find out . Well , that part of our memory is a little confused . But I find no kneeling on wooden pews , no prohibitions against smoking , dancing , or carrying on , no-no-no crying in the chapel . Or is this the Elvis Presley file ? All right . Thanks , Max , we get the idea . And while we 're on the subject of TV religions , may I say unto you verily that they do a good job collecting all those donations . G-G-G-God may have taken only seven days to create the universe , but they 're running repairs . Expensive business . Now look what you 've started . [ bell rings ] [ bell rings ] I 'm inside the temple , 23 . You tracking ? - We 're linked . - Wish me luck . I 'm telling you , he sounds nervous . [ Woman ] And then there was Sarah , you know . Dottie 's granddaughter . Well , she had her art show at the institute last week , and it was the most wonderful thing . Oh , Humphrey , I wish you could have seen it . Yes . It 's wonderful , isn 't it ? Humphrey , look , you have a visitor . Aren 't you one of the Talbot boys ? Um , I don 't think so . No . They tend to keep their hair . [ laughs ] What is so funny about that ? Oh , sorry . Well , could we have some personal data on this woman , please ? Already coming up . Okay . Her name is Jennifer Marks . Her deceased husband was- - or rather , is- - Humphrey . Yes . It 's wonderful , isn 't it ? I 'm a reporter , ma 'am . I 'd like to ask you a few questions . Oh . Well , I guess that 's all right . Isn 't it , dear ? Yes . It 's wonderful , isn 't it ? Do you really believe this video construct is your dead husband ? You don 't have to answer any questions , Mrs. Marks . What do you think you 're doing ? Protecting our parishioners . This is a church , you know ? Yeah , I 've heard of them . They make lots of money . And no taxes . I 'd be happy to talk to you about the Vu Age Church . Including its finances . Anywhere you want . Except here . It 's wonderful , isn 't it ? Now . Each member of the church , at his or her election , can have a brain scan done every quarter . For free , I 'll bet . In the case of death , the files are transferred to an appropriate monitor in our waiting room , the Knocking on Heaven 's Door , to await the day when tissue regeneration is advanced to the point where new bodies can be cloned for the deceased . The personality matrix is dubbed onto the blank body . Rebirth . Assuming the great day actually arrives , do the parishioners get their money back ? I can see tremendous legal problems . Vanna Smith and her associates are addressing those issues . You can rest assured- - And I should pardon that expression . ... that those issues will be resolved before the resurrection process goes online . I find all this hard to believe . Progress always requires us to change our thinking . But you should be familiar with this sort of process , Mr. Carter . Isn 't that how Max Headroom got his start ? I wasn 't aware that was common knowledge . It isn 't . Come on . Come on , handle this guy . Are you a clergyman ? Or just a PR man ? When you come right down to it , Mr. Carter , is there any difference ? Now , is there anything else I can do for you ? Yeah , you can do something else for me . I want to talk to Vanna Smith . That 's my boy . Vanna Smith is on a personal retreat . She speaks to no one from the media . She 'll talk to me . Call her . Call her . Yes . This is Gregory in the front office . There 's someone here who wants to speak to Vanna Smith . Yes . His name is Edison Carter . Dr. Smith , I 'm sorry , but- - Edison Carter . What a pleasure to see you again . [ Murray ] I don 't believe it . The lady just threw a right hook . Should we call for backup ? No no no no . Edison gets hit two , three times a year . I think it 's part of his deal . But we did get that on tape , is that right ? Yeah , right . Ah-Ah , Vanna Smith . One of the chosen few . You know Vanna Smith ? Me ? In the Biblical sense ? - No . - No , Max . I think Murray means does Edison know Vanna Smith ? Edison ? I 'm sorry . One of my commandments is thou shalt not squeal . I 'm not sure I want to know . I 'm not sure we ought to know . I am so sorry , Edison . I really am . I don 't know what made me do that . Just don 't ask me to turn the other cheek . I guess it 's been such a long time since we 've seen each other , and we had a pretty big fight , as I recall . I think you hit me then , too . Isn 't this the girl who took a vow of poverty ? Sorry . From this moment on , off duty . [ laughs ] There you are . [ no audible dialogue ] But when was the last time someone offered you salvation ? Salvation you can trust . Salvation you can see . Proud of that ? - You owe it to- - - The show ? Mm-hmm . Well , it 's not Life with Polly , but it seems to work . You know , the Vanna Smith I was involved with would have second thoughts about taking money from people who couldn 't afford to give it . Yes . Well , you fought with that Vanna Smith for three years . No wonder . Don 't get too judgmental with me , Edison . I mean , we wound up in the same place . In a lot of ways . And don 't forget , we 're both in the reassurance racket . When you go on one of your exposés with Network 23 , you don 't follow up . I don 't see you marching these perpetrators off to jail . You assume . You believe that someone will take care of things . Well , so do I. My ethics aren 't being questioned here . You 're never gonna convince me it 's right to promise people something as important as life after death when you can 't deliver . Edison , has it ever occurred to you that you might be wrong ? I mean , I know that 's close to blasphemy . But even the great Edison Carter makes mistakes . Are you saying that I can 't admit when I 'm wrong ? - Yes . - That 's what you 're trying to say ? Yes . That 's what I 'm saying . You haven 't changed . Neither have you . I- - I believe in the system . Many other people believe in it too . So if you won 't , if you can 't , then all I can do is pray for you . Okay . The whole idea is you pay to have yourself copied . There are no experimental failures . There 's only more data . And I prefer to use the term cortically scanned and stored . Cortically scanned and stored . Which means - there 's a version- - - Ugh , ugh . ... version of your personality as of the day you were scanned on tape at the temple . On the day you die , when your mortal remains go into recycling , that cortically scanned file is opened and displayed , am I right ? Well , that 's all perfectly feasible . Your relatives can come and have conversations with you . - Eek . - Ugh . Now , that 's where we start to run into some problems , Edison . You need billions of bits of memory , the kind we have here at Network 23 , in order to duplicate just one personality . So , talking to your dead relative is like talking to Teddy Ruxpin . Yes . A series of neutral , preprogrammed responses . Now , this deluxe package , for which you pay even more , promises that at some future date , the Vu Age Church will transfer that cortical scan onto a new and perfect body , thus making you rise from the dead . What about that ? Well , I never use the word impossible , Edison . Yeah , I 've noticed that . It might be possible to transfer a very complex cortical scan , something on the order of Max Headroom- - Max . ... to a body . Don 't even think it . But given the crummy little scans that the Vu Age Church makes , you 'd end up with an idiot version of yourself that doesn 't even possess all your memories . People are paying their life savings for it . Well , some people will give their life savings to anyone on TV who asks for it . Won 't they ? You know , one of the reasons I went into TV was to meet girls . Ha ha ha ha . I don 't know how you do it , Murray . You just keep getting funnier and funnier . Are you okay ? Yeah , I 'm fine . So , you want to tell me anything about you and Vanna Smith ? Or does she just belt every reporter who comes close to her ? Look . You 'll get your story . Another televangelist bites the dust . - Trust me . - Can I ? Hi . I 'm sorry . Seems like we 're losing a bit of our objectivity . What 's the matter with Edison ? Something weird going on with him and Vanna Smith . Two hours ago , he didn 't want to talk to her , now it looks like he wants to kill her . - Hmm . - Murray , Mr. Cheviot on line two . And God created the fish that swims in the sea . The bir-bir- - The birds of the air . And yea , the creatures that walk upon the earth . And then he created Vanna Smith . Okay , Max , you can stop that any time . I don 't know if I can . All right , Max . I know you 're dying to tell me . Did they or didn 't they have a relationship ? Well , if you call three years of thrashing around in his dorm room a relationship , - yes . - Well , I don 't , actually . I was referring to Edison 's feelings for her . Was Edison in love with Vanna ? Ah , love . The walks over soft grass . The smiles over candlelit dinners . The arguments over just about everything else . Sorry . Where was I ? You were telling me that Edison was in love with Vanna . The fe-fe-feelings are very strong . Hmm . That explains a lot . Betrayal comes to us in many forms . The husband whose credit account shows visits to unlicensed sex therapists . The child who won 't watch his TV . The TV hero who turns out to be quite unheroic . This is a story about an even greater betrayal . When those who claim to speak for God turn out to be liars . Very powerful . Nice job , Ron . Um , I 'm gonna show that to Murray tomorrow , all right ? That 'll make a great show . Thank you . Thanks a lot . See you . Are you really going after her ? Yeah . It seems to be the thing to do . Yeah , but does it feel right to you ? I mean , you two obviously have a past . Why , Miss Jones , I didn 't know you were concerned about my personal life . I 'm concerned about you . Look , Murray wants a big story , and this is a big story . But there 's no law that says you have to ruin an old friend . That 's an interesting point . What would you do in the circumstances ? Well , I might show the old friend the tape before it went on the air . Give the old friend a second chance . People do change , you know . Yeah , I know . But wouldn 't that be playing favorites ? I.E. , the old friend . You 'd be acting like a human being . [ dialing ] Who are you calling ? Vanna Smith . [ Vanna ] This has been quite a surprise . I didn 't know whether I should come here . I 'm glad I did . I hope you still feel that way a few minutes from now . I 'm not sure I like the sound of that . Look , um , I 'm breaking my own rules here . I brought a rough cut of the story I did on the Vu Age Church to show you . Before I put it on the air . Why ? I don 't know . To test your reaction . To give you a chance to respond . To see if I would change ? Give you a chance to change , yes . Well , your technique has really changed . I mean , it used to be dinner and then passionate lovemaking . Now , it 's passionate muckraking . Well , can you promise me that it 'll make me happy ? Uh , I wish I could , but- - Then let 's not talk about business . Actually , I 'm relieved . I really did want to see you again . But like this , you know . Not as enemies . We didn 't always fight . Did we ? [ phone rings ] You didn 't have to sneak out like that . Edison , you 'd better get some clothes on and get in here . We 've got a problem . What 's up ? Max is missing . This is impossible . Correct me if I 'm wrong , but I was pretty sure you never used the word impossible . Well , these are extraordinary circumstances , Edison . How do we know Max is gone ? I mean , he 's always moving around in the system like a termite . Yeah , but he usually comes when he 's called . Okay , like a dog . Murray . You know , for a moment there , you sounded just like Max . Okay , okay . How did this happen ? Well , I checked the security and transport , and apparently , someone arrived last night with perfectly valid authorization and just took this unit . But Max is completely integrated into the system , or else they would have made Bryce take him out by now . Well , if Max is feeling cooperative , he can transfer his essential programming cluster to whatever hardware you want . That way you can take him places . A lot of the programming that makes up Max Headroom 's still right here in Network 23 . Just like your body would still be in place if someone opened up your head and scooped out all your brains . But neither of them work like that . Thank you . I knew I could count on you for a charming image . Just like I could count on Network 23 to protect my research . All right , all right . What 's the big deal ? I mean , I like Max just as much as the next guy . Almost . But he is a computer program . Can 't you just reconstruct him ? The original program that became Max Headroom is one of the most complex pieces of software anyone is likely to create anytime soon . Now , I added a daytime serial program to it so it would in essence write itself . Then I finished it off with a copy protect code . And then Max himself went random . That is just a complicated way of saying Max is unique . Oh , it 's easy to make it simple once you 've had it laid out for you . - Now , look . - Will you two stop this ? It 's not doing Max any good , wherever he is . I think I know where he is . Then tell the rest of us . Yeah , don 't keep us in suspense . Look , we 're doing a negative story on the Vu Age Church and they know it . They know it ? How did that happen ? They also know how important Max is to Edison . Edison . Wait a minute . Where do you think you 're going ? To the temple . To see my old ex-friend , Vanna Smith . Look , it may not be her . She has followers , you know . I think you 're letting your personal feelings get in the way again . To hell with my personal feelings . I 'm not some machine . I 've got personal feelings about every story I do . They 're what makes me care . What makes me work . What makes me good at what I do . I 'm sorry . Um , you 're the last person I want to yell at . - It 's okay . - No , it 's not okay . I- - I need proof . Bryce . Hot levels for Life with Polly are stable , but demographics are eroding . How are they eroding , exactly ? We 're losing the 5 - to 11-year-olds . Might I suggest that the storylines are becoming a bit too complex ? Do we need younger writers ? Because I 've got this nephew- - Simpler . Simpler writers . Will you speak with the producers , Lauren ? Any other new business ? The Vu Age Church 's Save Yourself show is trending upward . How does that correlate with the introduction of their resurrection program ? There 's a strong correlation . The ratings surge began when the church promised - to bring people back from the dead . - Ben . In light of that , do you think it 's wise for Edison Carter to do an exposé on the church tonight ? In case you haven 't noticed , Ashwell , I don 't try to tell Edison Carter anything . He 's a valuable resource for this network . If he feels the need to do an exposé on the church , we should allow him to follow his professional instincts . Besides , if there 's a knock-down drag-out between our two ratings leaders , the ultimate winner is still Network 23 . Isn 't that right , Ben ? I couldn 't have put it better myself . Now , what are we gonna do about the cost overruns on the Polly show ? Okay , Miss Jones , you last spoke to Max at 5 : 00 . Right . Wasn 't that about the time you helped me make my dinner date ? - I suppose so . - Hmm . And when I went looking for Max at 3 AM , he was missing . Well , I guess it was either that or a night on the town , right , Bryce ? First we need to isolate the area of the data center where Max 's CPU was located . Then we access the securicam file and we go for playback . And we find out just what 's happened . There . Poor Max . Now we can track them wherever they go in Network 23 . Oh . Um , I 'm using two dots as designators . [ Theora ] Thank you , Bryce . I was just about to ask . Looks as though they probably just went down in the elevator to the loading dock . That 's what I 'd do if I was trying to sneak out . Let 's see . You 're right . They are heading for the loading dock . Securicam . [ Theora ] Do we have any other angles ? We still don 't know who these people are . If we magnify things , maybe we 'll be able to pick up some kind of ID number . Nothing there . Let 's backtrack . They had to come from somewhere . Don 't worry , we 'll find them . There . Someone 's in the shadows . [ Theora ] Zoom in , Bryce . Gene Ashwell . I don 't believe it . Hey , wait up . I 'm gonna have to talk to business affairs about this Polly thing . Carter , what the hell do you think you 're- - Where 's Max Headroom ? Uh , he 's at the temple . Thanks to you . I 'm not the only one involved in this . It was all Vanna 's idea . I was just helping out . After all , I do have a certain loyalty to my church . Which obviously takes precedence over your loyalty to 23 . I admit I had a certain crisis . But then I realized what 's good for the Vu Age Church is good for Network 23 . Max Headroom is our property . We had to destroy the village in order to save it . It 's thinking like that , Ashwell , that 's made you what you are today . I don 't think you 're in any position to lecture me about my loyalty to this network . You spend our credits every day and think nothing of destroying our sponsor . The very people that pay you . If you think it 's necessary . Well , this was necessary . Wait a minute . Kidnapping Max Headroom ? What has he done ? He 's made himself important to you . That 's all we need to force you to make a choice between your Vu Age story and Max . I want to talk to him . Fine . And he better be all right . Gregory , this is Gene Ashwell . I have Edison Carter with me . He 'd like a word with Max Headroom . - Excuse me ? - Just put him on . Hi , Max . Ah , a sinner . Please enter your universal cred-cr-credit number . Your forgiveness will be mailed to your home- - to your home . Thank you for calling the Vu Age Church . You all right ? Oh , sure . Don 't worry about me , I 'm in a wonderful position . If you don 't drop your story on this Vu Age Church , they 're gonna flat-flat-flatline me . And they keep using the word deadline . Which is what I 'll be if they flatline me . There you have it . Dump your show , or lose Max . Welcome to the boardroom , Mr. Carter . We have a favorite saying around here . The ball is now in your court . We 're doing everything we can to get you back , Max . Well , we all know there 's one small thing you could do . Max , you know I can 't give up my story on the Vu Age Church . Of course not . Don-Don-Don 't they know how we feel about that sort of challenge ? We 're not going to let them push us around , are we ? No . I was afraid he 'd say that . This is M-M-Max Headroom , coming to you live and direct from the Vu Age temple . And let 's not beat about the burning bush . We 're not like any other church , temple , mosque , or prayer mat . Where you die and it 's just goodbye . He looks sort of unnatural , doesn 't he ? He might have been one of the early ones . His visual template is definitely primitive . Here at Vu Age , we really do offer you eternal life- - life . So come along and be saved . In fact , we 'll save you for as long as you like . Call now . Our operators are standing by . [ bell rings ] At least until 8 : 00 tonight . They 'll have a tough time putting him into a new body someday . What do I need a new body for ? I never had an old one . Hey , it might be my imagination , but is everyone around here a little weird- - weird ? And don 't say " It 's wonderful , isn 't it ? " Wonderful , isn 't it ? He 's only been programmed for a few basic responses . He 's outside your parameters . I beg your pardon . I was wondering what it would be like to have a part of yourself running around in a TV like them . Or you . I wouldn 't know . I have all of me here running around in the TV . And- - And call me conceited , or call me Max Headroom . Max Headroom . But I think I have a lot more to say for myself than they- - they do . You really are Edison . Aren 't you ? Yes . It 's wonderful , isn 't it ? I feel as if he sent you somehow . I know , I know , that 's ridiculous . I mean , you were taken . Weren 't you ? [ giggles ] Edison . I saw what happened with Ashwell . What are you gonna do ? What else can I do ? I 'm gonna drive these particular money changers out of the temple . Maybe I can catch them by surprise . Well , that is ridiculous . I 've gotten into tighter places , thank you . Not the assault , Edison , the idea of it . That it should be necessary . Yeah ? What choice do I have ? I 'm not gonna be intimidated into dropping a story . I might as well go work for Big-Time TV , then . And I 'm not gonna let them erase Max . Look , you and Vanna had a relationship , right ? You still have some sort of relationship . She wants to deal with you , not with you and some SWAT team . She used me . Don 't you understand ? Oh . And you never used her ? I can go now ? - You sure ? - Yep . You don 't want to think about it . You realize , of course , Mr. Carter , that if you touch that processing unit , the alarm will go off , and Max Headroom will be erased . At the risk of repeating myself , you tell your boss I want to talk to her . We don 't have a picture , but at least we can hear . You already are . I guess a private conversation 's out of the question , huh ? It 's almost 8 : 00 . Cutting it a bit close tonight , aren 't we , Edison ? But then , you do like to cut things close . I misjudged you , Vanna . I thought you were still the nice girl I knew in college . Not someone in the business of lying for a living . Why is it so difficult for you to believe that I 'm sincere ? You don 't have a monopoly on the truth . Sometimes facts and figures , they 're just not as important as faith . Am I supposed to be encouraged by all of this ? Look at these people around you . Look at these faces . Look at these people with their loved ones . I 'm giving them hope . Giving them false hope . By whose standards ? Yours ? Who are you to judge ? There 's still time , Edison . I can 't . As the boys in the boardroom say , the ball 's in your court . Now , just hang on a minute here . Don 't I get to say anything about this ? I-I-I 'm the one who 's gonna cross over into the great beyond in about a minute and a half . You two broke up because you were f-f-fighting all the time . I know . I was there . And now , we 're all here . Your job is selling sal-sal-salvation . His job- - His job is telling the truth . His truth may hurt you . But your salvation will k-k-kill me . It 'll be just like killing Edison . He 's going right to the line with this . Oh , ye of little faith-th . He not only sounds like you . He seems to have a soul of his own . Isn 't that exactly what you 've been claiming ? Gregory . Let him go . [ bell rings ] All right , we 're gonna go live . Run Edison Carter , direct on air . Go . This is Edison Carter . Tonight I want to take you to the Vu Age Church , where a charismatic televangelist named Vanna Smith promises that you will literally be born again . This is a story about an even greater betrayal . When those who claim to speak for God turn out to be liars . Yes . It 's wonderful , isn 't it ? I heard what happened . I 'm sorry about the way things worked out . Or rather , didn 't work out . Yeah . Knew I was taking a chance . Took a chance she was still in love with me . You were still in love with her . I wouldn 't have believed it . I honestly haven 't thought about her in years . That 's not what I heard . Max . [ static ] Did you tell Theora I was still in love with Vanna Smith after all these years ? Who , me ? Not in so many words . What right have you got to turn my memories into entertainment ? Hey , they 're my memories too , you know . Besides , I had to save you from yourself . From Vanna Smith . I don 't believe what I 'm hearing . She kidnapped you . Oh , there 's a million places I could 've hidden in the system . I-I-I let myself be kidnapped . Besides , it was Vanna Smith . It 's probably true , Edison . I mean , Bryce did say Max would have to cooperate in order to be moved , didn 't he ? All right . But , Max , why ? [ German accent ] She was bad for you . You needed to believe that she would do anything for herself . Even hurt you . Or me . I guess you saved my soul . A-A-And without asking for any donation , which reminds me , I have to preach to my flock . Excuse me . Brothers and sisters , this is indeed the Reverend Max-Max-Max Headroom , live and direct from heaven 's own Net-Net-Network 23 . And today , my friends , I 'm gonna talk to you about salvation . Will someone please say amen ? Amen . Closed-Captioned By J.R. Media Services , Inc . Burbank , CA
