 coming to you very much live and direct on Network 23 . Carter 's the best known reporter we have on the air . He satellites globally . Where does all this stuff come from , Bryce ? The components of Carter 's mind . M-M-Max , M-M-Max . [ Bryce ] People translated as data . It 's computer-generated , whatever it is . It looks like Edison . Max . Max Headroom . Max ? He 's a computer-generated person based on you . Two minds , but with one single memory . [ Man on TV ] Sports . Moscow Generators , 85 . Afghan Yankees , 117 . [ TV chatter ] [ Man # 2 on TV ] Protesters claim solar eclipses caused by the 34,000 network satellites already in orbit are causing ... Police riots broke out today ... [ TV chatter continues ] And next up on-on-on Network 23 , it 's-it 's Lifestyles of the Poor and Pitiful . [ chuckles ] A weekly look at how the other half lives ... rather weakly . If you were any kind of man , you would know I am staring at you in haughty arrogance . [ Man ] How dare you ? [ Woman ] You animal ! You cheap oil mogul . I will never grace your bed again . I 'm Harriet Garth . the Porky 's Landing fans candidate in today 's tele-election primary . Remember , your ratings are your votes , so stay with us for a great first act and the right ending . I promise . Remember , I 'm a fan . Elect me by staying tuned to Network 66 , the home of Porky 's Landing . I tell you , I love him , Eric . Love him , do you hear ? And you will never see him again . - Never . Never , do you hear ? - [ typing ] Why ? Oh , why , Eric ? [ Lauren ] Network 66 is catching us up . It doesn 't make sense . Porky 's Landing is like visual halitosis compared to Max and Lifestyles . So why are they accelerating like this ? They 've never been this close . This is obviously linked to this morning 's tele-election . If this ratings surge holds , they 'll win the audience meter auto-count by 9 : 00 . I can 't believe it will hold . The male lead is sensationally bad . The whole show is sensationally bad . That 's why so many people watch it . But why all night ? Why now , just in time to grab ratings for the tele-election ? Call Cheviot . We have a crisis . I 've been watching , Edwards . - How are they doing it ? - We don 't know . But at this rate of increase , they have enough ratings to win the tele-election by the morning auto-count . I wish Formby was still with us . She used to handle things at night . That 's exactly why she 's no longer with us , Mr. Cheviot . What on earth is 66 up to ? It 's 3 : 00 a.m. , and our ratings are fast catching Network 23 , Chairman . The ViewDoze device is working splendidly . Excellent . They 'll be rioting down at 23 . [ laughter ] This 'll kill Cheviot . We must congratulate our new board member . Your ViewDoze device seems to be a rating breakthrough , Mr. Grossberg . Thank you , Chairman . I 'm rather proud of ViewDoze . It 's inspired . Have you absolutely no idea how they 're doing this , Edwards ? None at all , Ben . Overnight ratings haven 't taken this kind of beating since Snow White and the Baby Eaters . My concern is the impact on the tele-election . If they beat our ratings by the 9 : 00 auto-count , it 'll swing it from our man , Peller . The system will automatically elect 66 's Harriet Garth by a ratings landslide . My God , we 've got to stop this . Get hold of Peller , Edwards . Get him in . Then get on to Bryce . Tell him to find out what 's happening . - I 'm coming in . - [ beeps ] [ beeping ] [ phone ringing ] You better come in to 23 , Peller . Crisis . Are you alone ? What- - Yes , of course . [ stammering ] What do you mean ? We don 't want any nonsense around tele-election time , Peller . - [ beeping ] - [ sighs ] Bryce . I want you to use every machine in your department on this . I want facts , figures , analysis , evaluation . I want you to throw every techno trick in the book at them . I must find out where they 're getting these figures , and fast , fast , fast , fast . You want this quickly , Mr. Edwards ? R-R-R- - [ Man ] Network 66 Research Department . All our lines- - Oh , hi , Bryce . Long time , no interface . Uh , busy . I need information . Oh , I 'm fine , thanks . How are you ? What ? Uh , fine , thanks . Uh , why are Network 66 ratings so high ? Are you guys using ratings enhancement ? Because the show apparently stinks . Bryce , you 're unique . We 're using the new ViewDoze system . It enables people to view while they sleep . - It 's great for ratings . - Hmm ? Is that a Dawcel Optics device ? No . It 's a cheap scam . A straight con dreamed up by our new marketing exec . But , uh , how does ViewDoze guarantee viewers ? It 's supposed to be an exclusive 66 system . It claims you can view while you sleep , so everybody leaves their TV on 66 all night because we 're showing eight hours of Porky 's Landing . I call it a " drivel-in . " You coming to the college reunion think tank , Bryce ? Uh , no . Last time we saw anyone , we were all ten . Thanks for the hard data , Jenny . [ beeps ] It 's called ViewDoze , and it 's a scam to persuade Network 66 viewers to watch TV all night . It 's scientifically invalid . How on earth- - Bryce , you 're unique . I know . Now , look , Thatcher , our research people have cracked your ViewDoze outrage . Falsifying ratings is criminal larceny . Illegal , damn it , man . Nonsense . It 's merely ethically dubious . Perfectly normal practice . My network does not lower itself to cheap practices to gain ratings for its political candidate . [ chuckling ] My congratulations , Mr. Grossberg . You certainly seem to be able to upset Mr. Cheviot . But , of course , you once worked for him , didn 't you ? On the contrary , Mr. Thatcher . He once worked for me . [ phone ringing ] Murray , it 's Cheviot . Yes- - [ clears throat ] Yes , sir ? This is an emergency . Get into Control and get Edison Carter . Yes , sir . [ beeping ] Edison , it 's Murray . Huh ? Why ? Because it 's there . Um , uh , get into Control . - Aw , damn it , Murray . Come on . - Get a hold of Theora . Don 't argue . Don 't swear . I 'll meet you at the network . [ sighs ] Because it 's there . [ chuckles ] [ beeping ] [ phone ringing ] Hello ? Hello ? My God , Edison . What time is it ? What do you want ? Edison ? Edison ! We 're needed at the network immediately . Sorry I intruded . [ Man on TV ] This is Network 23 urging you to reelect Simon Peller . in this morning 's tele-election . Stay tuned . Stay Peller . [ chattering ] [ beeping ] [ beeps ] [ Murray ] Morning , team . Uh , good morning , Murray . How are you ? What are you so glum about ? I thought you thrived on action . Good morning , Murray . What 's the drama ? Hi , Edison . Uh , we go out of the wrong side of someone 's bed , I think . Aw , knock it off , Murray . Get to the point . What the hell is this all about ? All right , all right . Big crisis . Cheviot 's coming in . The ratings look bad . They 'll be worried about the election . Aw- - Aw , ratings . Audi-Audi-Audiences , you 're playing my t-t-tune . Give me my own show , and I 'll rule- - rule- - r-rule the airwaves . My ratings would get a baboon- - ' boon- - would get a baboon elected . Come to think of it , even Simon Peller . Max , you couldn 't elect just to disappear , could you ? Edison , leave him alone . What 's got into you ? That 's- - That 's the old left brain-right brain con-con-conflict , and , of course , I 'm the unemotional side , thank Bryce . Children , please . I wanna check any news-ups before Cheviot gets here . Kurslar ? Murray at 23 . You freelancers got anything on the news line ? Dayside of the planet , I 've signed exclusives on a couple genocides . There 's another plague of frogs in Egypt . Here , nightside , there 's just this morning 's tele-election . Dull as chastity . All right . If anything breaks , yell at me . Everyone else is . Network 66 . Let 's see it . [ Woman on TV ] ... Paris and everywhere . Why , Eric ? Why will you not give me my freedom ? [ Eric ] I have given you enough oil wells . Will you never be satisfied ? What would you know of giving satisfaction ? [ scoffs ] Love can be a gushing oil well , Amanda . A man knows that . Take your oil wells . Take your house in Malibu- - [ Edison ] I wouldn 't miss this for anything . This is my very favorite drivel . [ Cheviot ] Uncalled for , Carter . - [ types ] - Look at the ratings . Now , 66 is pushing Porky 's Landing with a system called ViewDoze . They 're claiming you can watch it as you sleep , and that 's a lie . It 's just a scheme to artificially push up ratings . It 's a bold tele-election hoax . I want you , Carter , and your team to expose it . I want 66 hit and hit hard before the tele-election at 9 : 00 this morning . Keep me informed in the boardroom . I 'll show Thatcher . Please do not concern yourself about ViewDoze , Mr. Chairman . It is the tele-election and Harriet Garth that matters . We need her . She needs our ratings to help score her votes . It 's the natural order of the electro-democracy . My ViewDoze scheme simply guarantees maximum ratings at the critical moment , and thus , automatic victory . What troubles me , Mr. Grossberg , is that Cheviot can turn this his way . What if he investigates ViewDoze , puts Edison Carter on the story ? Now , he can make anything look earth-shattering . Of course Cheviot will put Carter on the ViewDoze story . I 've anticipated precisely that . But they will never get as far as the ViewDoze story . In fact , they 'll forget all about it . They 'll be much too busy with far more graver matters . [ typing ] [ automated voice ] Phoenix File . Authorized . Executive eyes only . [ Grossberg ] The Phoenix File . Cheviot , the head of Network 23 . [ types ] Edison Carter , the world 's top telejournalist . [ types ] Murray , his hotshot producer . [ types ] Theora Jones , his oh-so-clever controller . [ types ] And Max Headroom , the world 's first and only computer-generated person . They are all about to regret the day they conspired against Ned Grossberg , because I have a story that will not only make us top network , it will destroy each and every one of these people , and with them , Network 23 . [ TV chatter ] [ Woman on TV ] But first , this special word from Network 66 , your tele-election trendsetter and sponsor of Harriet Garth . - [ beeping ] - [ whoosh ] Ah , Harriet . You look a little rattled this morning . " Rattled " ? I 'm furious . Calm yourself . Is everything ready ? If you mean , is there a freelancer creeping about outside my apartment and a total stranger standing around in it ? Yes . If you mean , am I happy about it ? No . Become happy about it , my dear . You 're about to earn politically useful notoriety followed by a surge of public sympathy . That and ViewDoze ratings will have you elected by one minute past 9 : 00 . Or , if it goes wrong , political oblivion . I don 't like this , Grossberg . It 's dirty . Naturally . It 's politics . But it won 't go wrong . 23 will take the bait like a ravenous fish . Trust me . " The bait " ? [ beeps ] All right , Kurslar . It 's all set . Are you in position ? Yeah , I 'm hooked into her home security landline . I 'm burgling time-coded pictures off her burglar alarm . Oh , by the way , I 'm doubling my fee , Mr. G. Naturally , Kurslar . That 's why I 'm tripling it . It is a pleasure working with a man like you . Talent like yours is an investment . [ mutters ] Come on . [ chattering ] [ Woman ] Will you talk to Mr. Kurslar on the View-Phone ? Yeah . Okay , Murray , I got something for you . Uh , no , thanks , Kurslar . I got the chairman in . - We got a big story rolling . - Not as big as this , pal . I 've got a very big story on Network 66 . - 66 ? - Mmm . I 'm outside Harriet Garth 's townhouse . I 'm surveillancing her place . She 's in there with some telejournalist guy . He 's been there all night . You see what I mean ? - Are you sure ? - Sure I 'm sure . I 've got pictures of her home security system . Edison . Uh , Kurslar , this is all a bit circumstantial . Interesting circumstances , though . All right . Show me . - Theora , pictures upcoming . - Okay . Come on , Kurslar . That could be anybody . - In Harriet Garth 's townhouse ? - [ Man ] Murray , Mr. Cheviot . [ Cheviot ] Right , Murray . We got all that . You 're off the ViewDoze story . This is dynamite . This 'll stop 66 's tele-election scam . Sex and politics . It 's perfect . I smell ratings . Get Carter down there . Go for it . Uh , Mr. Cheviot , I 'm very unhappy about these pictures . I mean , we need background , we need , infill , facts . It 's a public morals story , Murray . I want a ratings peak by 9 : 00 to hit the tele-election count . Get Carter down there now . [ beeps ] " Sex and politics " ? " I smell ratings " ? - What does he think I am ? - I don 't know . You better get down there . See if there 's anything to this . Well , what do you want me to do , ignore a chairman ? [ scoffs ] I 'm not some cheap , doorstep , video paparazzi poking his camera into people 's private lives . That 's not journalism , it 's junk . A private life is nobody else 's business . Well , you should practice what you preach . You seem to think my private life is your business . Get the chopper . If Cheviot wants a scandal , he can have it and fast . I want a clear-headed backup . I want Angela . What is the matter with him ? Well , Theora upset Edi-Edison when Edison saw The-Theora on the view-phone . But it wasn 't seeing Theora that rea-rea-really upset Edison . He 's got no damn business inside my private life . Right . Might be good for your career if he was . No , I am good for my career . I would quite fancy you , though . I think she meant me . - No . She meant me . - [ clears throat ] - Sh-She meant me . - She meant me . - She meant me- - me ! - Me ! [ Angela ] Sounds like a hot story , Edison . Thank you , Control . We are airborne . Harriet Garth , my word . Yeah , our integrity and happy-endings candidate seems to have slipped . [ Angela ] Well , we all slip from time to time . Anyway , it 'll give us a crack at the enemy . " Enemy " ? It 's the ratings game . Cheviot 's going for the breakfast vote . To me , it 's war . [ Theora ] Chopper 23 , are you en route ? [ Angela ] Yes , that 's affirmative . Almost there . - You do need to hurry . - How are you this busy day ? - Too busy to chat , Angela . - [ Angela scoffs ] She 's a bit snappy . What have you been up to ? - [ Carter ] Keep your eyes on the road . - [ scoffs ] I might just lead you astray . [ Angela ] Control , we are landing at Harriet Garth 's building now . [ Theora ] I have you on the set cam . Kurslar 's trailer is 17 feet to your left . [ beeping ] [ Kurslar ] The red dot 's Harriet . The white 's her randy lover boy . That 's him going into her bedroom last night . Now all you have to do is catch him slipping away , and your fish is landed , Carter . [ Carter ] You ever been grunion hunting , Angela ? [ Angela ] They 're leaving . Give me the camera . I 'll talk to the randy boyfriend . [ Murray ] We 're ready to go live , Mr. Cheviot . Patch it through direct , Murray . Angela Barry for Edison Carter , Network 23 . I wanna ask you a few questions about Harriet Garth . - Is she inside ? - I was interviewing her for the tele-elect show . - All night ? - She 's a very busy lady . - [ Angela ] She certainly seems to be . - [ chuckling ] Now , sir , I 'd like you to explain this interview which you conducted at precisely 5 : 05 this morning . Now , we see you semi-nude , and Ms. Garth apparently deciding to conduct your interview in her bedroom . My God , is that Harriet ? Who is that man ? Who put 23 onto this ? This is catastrophic . Grossberg . [ Angela ] Can you tell us what positions Ms. Garth took- - Gentlemen , Network 23 has swallowed our fish whole . I couldn 't have wished for better results . " Better " ? Hell 's teeth . You 're exposing a politician who is identified with this channel on the morning of a tele-election in front of millions ! 227 million . Look at those ratings . My , sex really sells , doesn 't it ? You 're worrying quite unnecessarily . You see , she 's innocent . It never really happened . [ murmuring ] This young lady really relishes the kill , doesn 't she ? What are we doing , Murray ? I have no idea . Network 23 and Mr. Edison Carter , in their haste to discredit our friend , Harriet Garth , have relied on pictures which they have not verified . The pictures do not show Harriet Garth , merely an unidentified woman . Their allegations are entirely false . Are you certain of this , Grossberg ? I mean , if this is provable , then- - Yes , Chairman ? Then we can run the counter-story , reverse the ratings , condemn 23 outright , and Harriet gets a huge sympathy vote . [ Grossberg ] Brilliant , Mr. Chairman . May I recommend you order that done immediately ? [ Woman on TV ] Later , we will talk to Harriet Garth herself , but first , here is Network 66 's recording of that interview . The time code clearly indicates that at the time the alleged scandal took place , we were conducting an innocent interview in connection with this morning 's election . It is this kind of cheap , sleazy , muckraking telejournalism and gross character assassination that I am pledged to stamp out . I absolutely deny the scandalous assertions being made by Network 23 . I accuse them of deliberate falsification . Murray , Carter , what the devil is going on here ? A false story mounted on flimsy evidence , my top reporter exposed as a shyster , a senior producer accused of criminal incompetence , and a major politician publicly accusing this network of character assassination . Good grief ! Carter , I want you before the board in 30 minutes . I wanna know how Harriet Garth was having an interview at exactly the same time as you claim she was having this- - this affair ! [ beeps ] - Now , look- - - Don 't say it , Murray . - I shouldn 't have let her do it . - Save it , Edison . It was my mistake . I can take the heat . No , it 's my fault . I should 've realized the guy was acting . Well done , Sir Galahad . Nice of you to protect the feelings of your new overnight friend . Well , of course you would 've spotted it immediately since you 're the damn expert at men slipping away at dawn . You know , pardon me for being bright , but I 'll never understand why people waste so much- - so much- - so much energy getting excited over the very thing they 'll- - they 'll- - they 'll need energy for once the excitement 's over . [ chuckles ] Anyway , st-stay tuned for Net-Net-Network 23 's very- - very- - ver- - very own version of Porky 's Landing . [ together ] Shut up . [ chattering ] - Excellent . - Yeah . [ Grossberg ] Our candidate appears to be pulling ahead in the polls . Apparently the viewers deeply sympathize with her situation . - I predict an easy victory for 66 . - [ clapping ] The only applause I need is the sound of the heartbeat of this great network . I have only been able to help in some small way . The man who 's the real victor- - only one man can be identified as being responsible for this triumph , - Chairman Thatcher . - [ applause ] - Thank you . Thank you . - Well done , sir . [ chattering ] - [ Man ] Congratulations . - [ Thatcher ] Thank you . Thank you . It has to be a setup , Murray . Someone wants to destroy us and Harriet Garth in one stroke . The only question is , who ? [ speeded-up voices , chanting ] Zik-Zak . Zik-Zak . Zik-Zak . [ Woman on TV ] Network 66 News . The major story of the morning is the Network 23 scandal . We have this from the chairman of Network 66 . I am personally shocked and horrified that a top network like 23 should act so irresponsibly . I can personally assure you of the innocence of my very good friend , Harriet Garth . You have my word as chairman of Network 66 . It was obviously timed to coincide with the tele-election primary . This is nothing less than political character assassination . The head of Network 23 should resign- [ Man ] Ridiculous . - ... and my rival , Simon Peller , should step down immediately . [ Man on TV ] Continuous two-way sampler polls- - [ Man ] " Step down " ? Damn , that 's preposterous . ... in the last two minutes , away from Simon Peller . How this affects the crucial tele-election ratings is not yet clear . In an electro-democracy , we must ask the question , have networks like 23 become government ? If they misuse their power , if they pervert information from their own end , if they make ratings into religion , where is integrity ? Where is honesty ? Where is truth ? Where is the code of ethics ? [ Man on TV ] We interrupt this commentary for a sports update . Ben , what the devil is going on ? It 's clear to me that we have allowed ourselves to be misled . [ chuckling ] " Misled " ? We 're being massacred ! As head of this network , I hold you directly responsible for this- - Button your lip , Peller . Carter . The material we obtained appeared to be genuine , yet so did the interview conducted at the same time . The question is , which one was the fake ? And who faked it and why ? And whether Harriet Garth was a willing participant . If not , who set her up and why ? We have to establish the truth wherever it lies . The truth lies , all right , Mr. Carter . We all saw the pictures . We all saw Harriet Garth . With respect , we saw her back . Oh , we saw a bit of her front . Ashwell , Carter means her face . And he 's right . Could 've been a stand-in . We have no choice but to pursue this , whatever the risk . Get on this , Carter . Get to Harriet Garth . [ chattering ] Here you go . Anything ? Well , Edison 's outside her house . No one 's challenged him so far . Her View-Phone link 's operating , so she must be talking to someone . - Are you okay ? - Yes , I 'm fine . Uh , look , I know there 's something wrong between you and Edison , and I don 't , uh- - I don 't like my team to be unhappy . You wanna talk about it ? Oh , it 's nothing , really . Well , when Edison called this morning , uh , I wasn 't alone . I see . Well , that 's none of his business , as you say . That 's exactly how I feel . Good . So you 're sure you 're not worried about it ? No . Why ? You don 't smoke . Why do I have to embroil myself with Carter ? Peller 's finished . The job 's done . Well , yes and no . I 'm the politician , Thatcher . Grossberg seems to think there 's another round to play . Harriet , use all your loquacious style for which you are justly famous , and soon you 'll be swept into power . Our ratings are massive . What , after all , is one more lie ? [ breathing deeply ] [ doorbell ringing ] Why , Mr. Carter , what a surprise . Have you come for the orgy ? Oh , no . Don 't tell me I 'm the first one here . Mind if I come in ? Of course . Just smash the door down and invade my privacy . Had I know you were coming , I 'd have taken off my clothes . Oh , if you think we should conduct the interview in the nude , I 'm happy to oblige . I know our ratings would benefit . However , I 've got something a lot less entertaining on my mind . I suspect , Ms. Garth , that you and I have been deliberately misled . Almost ready to go live , Control . We 're just getting undressed . This is Edison Carter with Harriet Garth , live and direct . First , will you explain what happened at 5 minutes past 5 : 00 this morning ? This global tele-election reaches every part of the planet . My constituency is everywhere in the transmitted world . I campaigned with the satellites , Mr. Carter , not the clock . I was simply giving an interview . - [ TV off ] - She 's lying . What ? Harriet Garth is lying . She 's guilty of the indiscretions of which Carter and Network 23 accuse her . I make it a habit to be thorough . I 've obtained and checked a copy of Kurslar 's tape of her indiscretions . You will note that the section used on air by 23 cut at this point . Some technical matter . The woman turns and reveals she is indeed [ button clicks ] Harriet Garth . I have evaluated this position and can recommend one single course of action to save this network 's reputation . But they may accidentally run that tape on themselves , or Carter may break her down . If she confesses , we 're ruined . Indeed we are . Our righteous outrage will backfire . Network 23 will show our denial to be a desperate cover-up to protect our political interests . [ Woman ] Yes . The whole idea was yours , Grossberg . You will take full responsibility , publicly . I would be delighted were it not for the troublesome incompatibility with the heavily broadcast evidence to the contrary . I can personally assure you of the innocence of my very good friend , Harriet Garth . You have my word as chairman of Network 66 . What does this mean ? It means Harriet Garth is lying . [ Man ] And if Network 23 ever examined that tape or Carter discovered the truth from Garth , this network will lose all and any credibility as well as the tele-election . Exactly , Mr. Bartlett . Exactly . [ Woman ] This is grotesque . You can 't ask Chairman Thatcher to do this . Are you suggesting I- - I 'm not suggesting . You consider . [ Bartlett ] I move the vote . Those for Thatcher remaining in office . [ beep ] Those against . [ beep ] [ beep ] Chubb ? Chubb ? [ beep ] [ screen beeping ] [ buzz ] Defeat is an orphan . Victory has a hundred fathers . Congratulations , Chairman Grossberg . Thank you . This is your chairman . Moments ago , I accepted the resignation of Clive Thatcher . It is my public duty to advise our viewers of the truth about Harriet Garth . - [ button clicks ] - Run the prepared news item . Moments ago , Network 66 made this shock announcement . Following the Harriet Garth scandal , Chairman Clive Thatcher has resigned over accusations of conspiracy in the Harriet Garth affair . - [ Man on TV ] We 'll have the complete Thatcher story- - - I don 't believe it . - ... when Network 66 News continues . - They sold her out . They sold out their own man . Murray what if both tapes were fake ? What are you talking about ? You can 't fake a tape . Pictures don 't lie . At least not until you assemble them creatively . No , no , I mean , what if both tapes were genuine , but the setups and the time codes were staged ? I don 't know . Show me . Okay . Look . - Right . - [ typing ] Edit lock . [ beeping ] Kurslar . Kurslar hit the " edit lock . " Why ? Identifying her is what we wanted . Yeah , but it 's not what he wanted . Murray , he was deliberately delaying the truth . All right , all right . All right . - Thatcher supports Garth , right ? - Right . But then someone reveals she was guilty , and goodbye to chairman of 66 . Brilliant . It 's sinister . The media is running events , not reporting them . Murray , they 're manufacturing their own truth . She was set up , and so were we . Grossberg set me up . Harriet , why don 't you tell a nice , old , guileless telejournalist exactly what happened , fully , frankly , and dressed ? I am completely lost . If she is guilty of this thingummy , uh , men and things- - why is Carter so sure she 's innocent ? How could she be ? Politicians are always guilty of something . Usually , the question is , of what or when ? Seems to me she 's guilty of professional suicide . Look at the ratings . At least it vindicates our original report . We should get Carter out of there . He 's done a fine job . - The ratings are huge . - And our reputation is intact . Seven minutes , and the tele-election is ours . As ever , Carter 's been very clever . - [ intercom beeps ] - [ Woman ] Mr. Cheviot , Edison Carter is on the line . [ beeping ] Carter . So Grossberg is back . He and 66 have double-double-crossed Harriet Garth , and I think her story will illuminate the whole nasty setup . - I wanna go live on this . - You realize this may increase Garth 's chances in the tele-election ? I believe this is a moral choice , Mr. Cheviot , not a political one . We 've got four minutes . Well , then let 's do what we have to do , Carter . [ Man ] Cheviot , Grossberg 's on the view-phone . Good morning . I 'm back , Ben . You won 't expect us to congratulate you . You 're not welcome . Welcome ? You and I built Network 23 . And you damn near destroyed it . Drop the phony nostalgia and come to the point , man . Don 't trade insults with me . I wouldn 't trade cow flop with you , Ned . You and I are at war . And I 'm going to win this first battle Cheviot , as 66 takes the tele-election . So , Edison , you 're going to go for me after all . Yes , I am . You really don 't fool me , Harriet . You knew exactly what was happening . Save it , Carter . A couple of hours is a long time in video politics . This week ruined , next week revered . One good show with the right ratings , I 'll be back in days . [ phone ringing ] You 're beautiful , Harriet . Everything seems to be going perfect . Grossberg , Edison Carter . I seem to have been a little premature . Yeah , the last time you were a little premature was when you were announcing my death , as I recall . Yes , I remember . A long time ago , Carter . Well , jerk yourself back to the present , where I 'm about to make certain that the truth about you is made very public . Your tame politician here is not gonna get elected . This is one tele-election the public 's gonna win . [ Man ] Come on . Let 's move . Comment , Edison ? Will Angela Barry keep her job ? - Come on . Talk to us . - Did Harriet Garth cause this ? [ Angela ] We are running live , people . [ sighs ] I 've just left Harriet Garth . I now know the truth about this affair . You , the viewing public , have the right to know that you , as well as Harriet Garth , have been manipulated for political ends . With just minutes to go , this is the truth behind this morning 's tele-election . What do we do now ? We are going to win . The public will not pay the slightest attention to Edison Carter 's hysterical crusading . They will switch to the next act of Porky 's Landing , and the auto-count will elect you , despite everything . You seem very certain . Indeed , I am . Soon the viewers will all be watching their favorite program again . A full belly and a diverting show makes a bad revolutionary , Harriet . Television is the opiate of the people . Long may it be so . Grossberg , what the hell do you do for a conscience ? Occasionally , I rent one . Network 66 persuaded millions of you to leave your TVs tuned to their channel all night , ensuring the ratings that would give them victory at the tele-election . The man who devised this scheme is Ned Grossberg , now chairman of Network 66 . He 's the same man who brought you the Harriet Garth story , a story that is entirely false . You , the public , have been callously duped by a man who regards truth as a market commodity . - As for my own mistake- - - [ Man ] Check the election polls . They 're evening out . [ Woman ] Peller 's leading . [ Cheviot ] It could go either way . It 's a horserace . [ Man ] Again , they 're both dropping . [ Woman ] What 's happening ? What 's going on ? Network 85 's trending up astronomically . They can 't win . They can 't possib- - [ beeps ] [ button clicks ] [ Cheviot ] The viewers have spoken , albeit a stutter . [ Woman ] Mr. Grossberg 's on the view-phone . Cheviot , I will destroy you and your network , but not today . So sweat a little , Ben . You 'll never know when it will come , but it will come , when I decide , when I am ready . Vengeance , you see , is a dish best eaten cold . [ Lauren ] Maniacal bastard . [ Cheviot ] Well , it looks as if you 're out of a job , Simon . It seems the truth can be an expensive commodity . But Carter did the right thing . They abandoned both our networks by the millions . They just voted with their channel switchers . Maybe we don 't fool them after all . Is that your daughter or your mistress , Murray ? [ chuckling ] [ sighs ] Excuse me . Uh , you know , Kurslar- - You screwed up the tele-election , Murray . [ Murray ] Yeah , well , he cleaned up your mess , Kurslar . That , uh- - That frame-up of- - That was disgusting . Yeah , but you fell for it , Murray , just like the viewers . [ chuckling ] " Beware of jealousy . " It is the green- - green-eyed monster " which mo-mo-m-mocks the meat it feeds on . " Who- - Who- - Who loves not his wronger who doubts y-y-yet doubts yet s-soundly loves . " [ squeals ] Shake-Shake-Shakespeare . And Edison Carter . That 's great . [ mutters ] I 'm sorry . I had no right to act so ... protectively . It 's my fault . Well , it 's refreshing to know that you 're not perfect and invincible . Let 's not go too far . - [ clicks tongue ] - Ah . " Bless- - Bless- - B-Blessed are the peacemakers . " What 's happened to you people at 66 ? No , I 'll tell you what 's happened to you . Ned Grossberg has happened to you . That is what has happened to you . This is war now . Do you understand that ? This is war . Go eat your milk and cookies like a good boy , Murray . I don 't like milk and- - What are you doing ? - Hey ! You can 't- - - [ crash ] [ grunting ] Murray ! Murray ! - What are you doing ? - Hey ! What about me- - me ? You 're outnumbered six-six-sixty-six to 23 . You need all the help you can get- - get- - g-get . [ chattering ] [ grunting ] Oh , my God . [ grunting ] [ bystanders gasping ] [ Man ] Look out . Look out . Come on , Ned . Come on- - Come on- - Come on . - I 'll give you a damn good fighting- - fighting- - fighting . - Get out of my way . [ Max laughing ] - [ grunts ] - [ bystanders gasping ] [ Men panting ] Is that- - that it ? What- - What about the bit where I du-duck , and the guy next to me gets hit ? I think you can look forward to plenty of that now that Grossberg 's back . Well , I should hope you 're quite pleased with yourself , Carter . Thanks to your fearless reporting of the Garth business , we both lost the tele-election . You overdosed my public . I just reported a political farce , Simon . It 's decided to watch a different soap opera . You should leave it to me next time . Leave it- - Leave it- - Leave it to someone who understands show- - show business . ♪ If I ruled the world , yah ♪ ♪ Every day would be the first day of spring ♪ Hyah ! Closed-Captioned By J.R. Media Services , Inc . Burbank , CA
