 very much live and direct on Network 23 . Carter 's the best-known reporter we have on the air . He satellites globally . Where does all this stuff come from , Brian ? The components of Carter 's mind . M-Max- - M-Max . People translate it as data . It 's computer generated whatever it is . It looks like Edison . Max . Max Headroom . Max ? He 's a computer-generated person based on you . Two minds , but with one single memory . Sector 7 's densely populated . [ Man on radio ] Metro-evac 10-D at sector- - [ Edison ] Control , camera check , please . Coming up . Camera feed , optimum . [ Edison ] I can see smoke . We 're almost there . [ Theora ] Live in 60 seconds . Watch out for medevac choppers at the scene . There 's a lot of activity . Side cams online getting pictures . [ Edison ] The whole building 's come down . What 's the official word on this ? Central housing claims it was overcrowded . Chopper 43 switch to Tac 2 . Over . This is bad . Let 's get down there . [ Woman 's voice ] Metropolice request a fugitive crowd scan and plow on sector 7 . Repeat , Metropolice requests a fugitive crowd scan and plow on sector 7 . Ambulance chaser 21 , we have three DOAs in pickup . All John Does . Repeat , ambulance chaser 21 we have three DOAs in pick-up . All John Does . [ ambulance siren blaring ] This is Edison Carter live and direct from sector 34 where a building has just collapsed . Injured survivors are wandering dazed while rescuers dig frantically beneath the debris . Give them something specific . Okay , go straight ahead to the break in the wall about 100 yards . Now into the next wing about 50 yards . Straight ahead . We have a rescue effort under way . You 're there . The group directly in front . I hear something . [ baby crying ] Who 's down there ? [ Woman ] We think a little one . How old ? A year at most . It 's hers . He 's coming out . It 's a television set . Control , I don 't believe what I 'm seeing here . Yeah , well , stay with it . It 's incredible . [ Theora ] What 's wrong with those people ? Look at this . Why bother to save a television set ? They 're given to the needy . Yeah , but look what 's on them . I don 't believe it . Every set is tuned to the same channel . [ laughter on TV ] Lieutenant , let me give you a hand . No , no , no . Stay with the coverage . [ Woman ] Surveillance , you have looters at 3 : 00 . Repeat , you have looters at 3 : 00 . No one can or should get used to events like this . Shock and devastation can often cause victims to react in unpredictable ways . In this case , we 've seen behavior that makes me question our dependence on television . Survivors risking their lives to rescue TV sets . People crawling from the rubble- - No field reporter covers a real-time disaster like Carter . Then why are local ratings falling ? Who 's taking our local viewers ? Big-Time Television ? I want to see what they 're transmitting . Are viewers seeing this trash in Carter 's telecast and then switching to it ? This is no coincidence . The trend is devastating . How does this affect the global ratings ? Global viewers can 't receive the signal , thank goodness . But if they were able to , the results would be disastrous . If our advertisers extrapolate this trend , it could cause a negative run for the networks . Murray , get Carter off the air . Go to studio coverage . Sir , he 's first on the scene . We have the exclusive on this . Go to studio , Murray . That 's an executive order . Yes , sir . Ours is not to reason why . Cue standby anchorman on my mark . And go . Well , let 's get some comment- - [ Theora ] Such a twit . They won 't do any real coverage . [ Edison ] Let 's go over to the effective sector . Word play there . And see if we can get a hold of our local scumballer- - [ Theora ] Shameful . Edison 's going to- - Control , I 'm offline . We 're going with studio coverage . On whose orders ? On Cheviot . Now , look , I want you to stay off air , but on the story . I 'm going to find out what 's going on . I 'm sorry . It 's a no-choice option . Lieutenant . Could you spare a comment ? Please ? Strictly off the record , it 's damn weird . How come you 're not live and direct ? Oh , I got pulled off the air . Executive override . Anything like that ever happen before , Edison ? Lieutenant , when you get conversational , I get chills . What 's up ? I 've seen the look on these faces before . Don 't tell me you haven 't noticed . Don 't stop now . Confession 's good for the soul . You know about those ? Souls ? Even old lieutenants have them . So ... Aw , come on , Rico . You owe me . If for nothing else , then not shooting your bad side . Who 's not to say you have a good side ? Ah , right . Strictly off the record . It was a lawsuit about two years ago . Some kid went nuts watching a network promo . I 'll check it out and let you know if it means anything . Inferior product in every respect . So bad I can 't take my eyes off it . [ computer beeps ] Get rolling analysis . Isolate the appeal factor . I want a Network 23 version of that show ready in one hour . [ Haskel ] Go baby . Go , baby , go . We 're going to pass PBS . Keep your voice down . I 'm enjoying myself , Biller . It 's only a local test . The ratings may not extrapolate big enough to sell it . That 's was Whackets , the show that goes over nobody 's head . We keep getting calls for it , so we 'll play it again . For the 11th time straight . Well , I 'd say that this proves we can make them watch any show , even Whackets . You proved that at Network 52 , and it damn near sent you to jail . Yeah , but this time we 're going to do it right . We prove the system works , we sell out , and we blow . And let the buyer beware . [ Whackets theme ] It does seem to be trending up fast . But it 's only risen to 15.04 % of a very localized market . Nevertheless , it is phenomenal . Extrapolate those figures globally and it would be a ratings landslide . Yes , show them you 've got to keep your eye on the big picture . Every drop in the bucket , stitches in time , you know , an apple a- - Well , it 's a terrible show . Appalling . Precisely . That is why it 's all so fascinating . Why is it getting these ratings ? Business affairs and acquisitions chief negotiator . Oh , yes , Mr. Grossberg . Locate Big-Time Television . Investigate . With a view toward acquiring its Whackets program . Yes , sir . No , no , I 'm right outside the Hall of Records building . [ buzzer sounds ] Case file Ziskin ID , confirmed access . Show me case 144-905 . Warzak , Donald . Video delinquency . Parents attempted to sue Network 52 claiming child became so entranced with one of their commercials ... Copy this report into my unit . Case dismissed under creative immunity granted broadcasters . No , you don 't have a story . Come on , Murray . Wake up . They were all watching it . I 'll think of something . Can 't you smell it ? I can sense it . I can 't smell it . Well , I accessed the rolling census figures . People have been pouring into the area all morning . They even increased after the building collapsed . You know , some of the survivors actually sat down in the middle of it all and watched Whackets . There you go . What more do you want ? There 's a nice irony in that . In a crisis , they watch a game show . Television before life . And what about m-m-my life as I know it ? I was dumped-d-d for some pre-pre-prerecorded ninny trying to win a tra-trash compa-pa-pactor . Come here . Message from Lieutenant Ziskin . He wants you to meet him at the Producers ' Clearinghouse right now . Ziskin calls you . Now I smell it . Go . Haskel and Biller . Yeah ? You don 't get in there without a warrant . I 'm comfortable right here . You used to be in sales at Network 52 . Can you tell me why you got fired ? No , not really . You produced one hell of a good commercial . Maybe too good . People who watched it got a little strange . There are some funny people around . Most of them now are watching a show called Whackets . Mean anything to you , Haskel ? No , it doesn 't . What is it ? You know damn well . Let me refresh your memory . Yeah , well , I 'm not going to be able to see it on that little thing . Why don 't you come in here ? We 'll put it up here on the monitor . Come on . He 's zonked . We got him . Come on . Just be calm , Biller . Going to want to keep him quiet for good . Don 't do anything illegal . Oh , sure . Check to see if Ziskin 's left Metro yet . I already did . He should be there by now . I 'll key up his police medical file code . They monitor the officers medical condition with implanted transmitters . We 'll be able to pinpoint him , home in on a signal . Well , I can 't teach this old dog any new tricks . Progressively old puppy . Okay , Edison , I 've got Ziskin 's status online . I 'm tracing his location now . Accessing building now . He 's there . I 'm tracing him . Edison , his heart . Everything just stopped . All his life signs are gone . Well , find him . Get me to him . He may still be alive . [ Edison ] Come on , control . Get me to Ziskin . Tracing his location now , Edison . I don 't think he 's going to be of much use to you . [ Theora ] He 's in the basement freight elevator shaft . Use the stairwell to your right . The signal 's breaking up . [ Edison ] Keep on it . [ Murray ] Edison , watch yourself . Infrared shows two people heading toward you . It 's okay . They 're Metros . Come on , let 's go . [ Theora ] Down the heating tunnel and through the fire door . We have new sign of life , Edison . How could it happen ? Ziskin was too sharp . You 're there . Bottom of the elevator shaft . Oh , no . Looks like we 're too late . Yeah , about 15 stories too late . Yeah , call it in . Ziskin dead at the scene . Right . This is Big-Time Television , and I say it 's time for some vintage Sex Pistols music videos , hey ? [ people groaning ] All right , but first , the show that makes winners losers- - Whackets . Again . [ people cheering ] Dom , have you taken a look at this ? I don 't get it . I don 't know why anybody watches it . I 'm sure that is what this test is all about . It 's called market research , Reg . Oh , Lord , the man from 66 is here . Could you look less untidy ? Dom , I don 't like the idea of them knowing where we are . Agh , we executives have to meet in order to do business . Executives ? Suits looking for jobs . Look at you . Blimey . Visual aids are standard tools in sales meetings . Just so he doesn 't get confused about what you 're selling . How do you do ? I 'm from Network 66 . Of course you are . Please come in . [ Edison ] Ready to roll , Control . You are live and direct . This is Edison Carter live and direct on Network 23 . This is the body of Lieutenant Rico Ziskin , an experienced Metrocop . What I want to know is- - Well , look , we don 't want to insult you by bargaining for such a small show . So here 's the bottom line . Network 66 will buy Whackets from Big-Time in exchange for a single payment equal to 1.2 % of the adjusted ad revenue net gross after taxes , surtaxes , and excise taxes in installments over 36 months and amortized against all future network losses in perpetuity . Yes , but will it be enough to make me happy ? I wouldn 't have thought it would take much . Out . Wh-What ? Wait . [ Edison ] Ziskin was a seasoned Metrocop . A short while before he died , he asked me to meet him here . He had something to tell me about the extraordinary events that took place at this morning 's apartment collapse tragedy where people ignored victims and watched television . Whatever he knew , Ziskin is now silent . Or was he silenced ? This is Edison Carter live ... [ chuckles ] [ laughing ] and direct from- - I 'm sorry , Control . I don 't know what happened . Oh , I 'm sorry . [ clears throat ] I 'm sorry . Sorry . Oh , forget it , Control . Now will you pull the show off Big-Time ? Carter 's got nothing . Carter has got the best track record in the business . If he follows up on Big Time 's test transmission , the trail will lead him right here . The Big-Time people don 't know anything . They don 't know what 's on that Whackets tape . So they won 't hide anything . Let 's get that tape back and fast . Where the hell are they ? [ chattering ] Here comes Edison . I don 't know what to say . [ Murray ] You know , I was recovering a chemical spill at a factory once . The solvent , literally it dissolved some poor guy . Well , it got to me . So I 'm on the air , and all of the sudden , this extra large pair of rubber overalls bobs to the surface . [ chuckles ] Tension broke . I laughed so hard , they had to pull me off the air . Murray , I wasn 't tense . That 's the weird part . I felt good . It felt euphoric . Yeah , I made a fool of myself . Don 't worry , Edison . I felt like laughing , too . I 've never known you to laugh at something that wasn 't funny . It wasn 't . I just couldn 't help it . I felt myself smiling . It seemed involuntary . Involuntary . Maybe they all had no choice . You must be able to trace them . [ Operator ] I have no such listing . - Keep trying . Call me . - Yes , sir , I will . Better not be pulling something . Edison , unless you have an irrational desire to be bisected at the waist , you 'll alter course . Uh , simple 5-watt argon laser fed back unto itself into infinity . Could be used as a multi-dimensional information gathering probe . Yeah , just a theory . Right . I need your help . And I need it now . In a minute , Edison . Agh , okay . Edison . Theora , run the footage of my report and no audio , okay ? Stand by . Oh , and , Theora , don 't look at it . Please don 't argue . Just don 't look at it , okay ? All right . Not a pretty sight , but keep your eyes on it . How are you feeling ? Excellent . You ? Okay , I think there 's something in the picture that makes people feel good . Can you find it ? Sure . So aside from the bandage , he has nothing to show , Mr. Grossberg ? Big-Time Television has assaulted our situation ethics negotiator . I take that to be their peasant equivalent of a refusal to sell . Disgraceful . And short-sighted . However , one hit does not a network make . Too bad . I was really beginning to enjoy the silly thing . More to the point , the viewers enjoy it . I want that show . I will have that show . Book a table for two at the Top Table Restaurant . I think I 'll take care of this personally . Okay , now we 'll be looking for some kind of submerged signal or image . However , the mirror reverses that submerged signal and should render it ineffective . Well , why would my pictures affect me like that ? And Theora , too . And the cops , they weren 't affected at all . Uh , well , that 's ' cause they weren 't watching the pictures . Oh . Man , that 's too small to see what 's on it . Not really . I can cut a picture and draw it up close . Ta-da . Ta-da what ? That is an optically-active hexadecimal display . Generated in depth . It 's very fascinating . It 's a trigger of sorts . When it moves along the optic nerve , it tells the brain to release endorphins . A series of natural drugs produced for countering pain or experiencing intense pleasure . How strong ? Uh , very . This one looks like it could be addictive . In intensive doses . Could the amount in Ziskin 's wrist unit have been effective ? Yeah . And remember the look on this face . Theora , run the footage I shot this morning . Can I open my eyes now ? It 's dark in here . Look at these faces . They 're just like Ziskin 's . Theora , run the live feed of the Whackets show . Could that be hidden in that ? Most definitely . Well , is it ? I got this from highly placed sources . It 's a government search and seizure program . It 's designed to locate illegal video substances . Yes , siree , it 's definitely in there . Viewers can 't see it the way we can , but it is quite strong . Out of sight , but not out of mind . Aw- - Aw , I c-caught you watching the competi-ti-tion . Competition . Naughty-naughty . Max , it 's a lot more than competition , okay ? What 's the ju-ju-junk all over it ? I want to see the show . Hey , hey , I love feel- - feel- - f-feel-good programming . This is a great show . Long may it run . Yes . Y-Yes . Yes , look- - look at that hostess st-st-stroking the prizes . She 's a f-f-fantastic actress , that girl . How can he be affected ? He hasn 't got endorphins . Max is videoactive . An electro morph , it affects him directly . Bryce , what is going on ? What 's he doing ? No idea . No , no , no , no , put it back on- - on- - on . I want to know who won the sh-sh-shoe horn . How can I concentrate on anything else when I don 't know who wound up with the shoe horn ? I want to see which guy that girl ended up with . She said she didn 't like water or- - or- - or hairy men . And I know- - I just kn-know she 's going to pick bachelor number 3 . The one with the beard who 's got his own bo-bo-boat . Put it back on ! We may have a problem . Max seems to have become hexadecimal dependent . That fast ? The pure form will be instantaneously addictive . Hidden in the show , it 'll take a little longer depending on one 's mental vitality . Or lack of it . Bryce , people have been watching Whackets all day and still are . Theora , what 's the source of that show ? Edison , it 's Big-Time Television . They 've been repeating it all day . Reg and Dominique . Theora , locate them . We got to stop them . [ Woman announcer ] Network 23 hosts the Scumball quarter-finals live tonight . Higher ! Hi-Hi-Higher ! Spin the wheel . [ laughs ] No , no , no , pick him . Pi-Pick number 2 . No , no , no , no . Lo-Lo-Lower . Come on . It 's pis-pis-pistachio she likes . No , no , there were ten Commandments , you f-f-fool . Max , what are you doing ? Mak-Making my very own co-copy so I can watch it anytime I want . Not on my equipment , you 're not . Aw , come on . It 's a classic . The only show in the world that gets better the more it 's re-re-rerun . I 'm not going to try it . And if you were a friend , you wouldn 't force me . What a grouch . Hey , I 'd be a winner on that show . As-As-As-Ask me a question . Go ahead . Go ahead . Any category . Sorry , Max . I need this screen . And- - And I 'm s-s-sorry we 're out of time . Bye . Theora , locate Big-Time for me . I 've got to get over there right away . They 're still transmitting . You haven 't watched it , have you ? No , I haven 't , but Max keeps trying to make me . Oh , there 's nothing we can do for him right now . This thing has to be stopped and fast . If it gets beyond Big-Time , it could spread uncontrollably . Adults , kids , everyone addicted to their screens . The priority now is to get to Reg . I can 't believe he knows what this is . Well , I 'm just worried about Max and what he might do . What do you mean , Big-Time Television has disappeared ? No , I 'll get back to you . Those two-faced , double-dealing rats . Well , that 's it . I told you . It 's over . Years of work gone . No . No . We can still sell it , Biller . Look , Big-Time did its job . The ratings prove the system works . Now we all got to sell the system by the numbers . I mean , all Big-Time 's got is Whackets . And they don 't even know what 's on it . Forget the show . That show is nothing . Sell the system . Fast . I-I don 't want much . I just want to appear on the Whack-Whack-Whackets Show . I want to win a honeymoon for one in Nebra-bra-braska . Please . [ Whackets theme ] I love the Whackets show . I 'd like a table near the television , please . Certainly , sir . Mr. Grossberg 's table , please . Hello , Mr. Grossberg ? Yes . Dominique , at last we meet . Pleasure and a privilege . And congratulations on Big-Time Television 's current popularity . Well , we do things right . Sometimes . Yes , indeed you do . Perhaps Network 66 should consider using units such as yours in our ancillary markets . I would value your opinion . You 'd have to be nuts . I 'd kill to get out of the 500-watt ghetto . Yes , I need to speak to Mr. Grossberg , please . Look- - Look . I don 't care what time it is . I need you to trace him . This is urgent . We are running out of time , Haskel . Well , Dominique , this , um- - This profoundly innovative concept of yours , Whackets , is a stunning piece of programming chic . Well , I suppose I really should watch it a few times , but it works . That 's all I care about . Exactly . I don 't keep up with every program myself . Business affairs has suggested we offer you greater distribution through our satellites . Does this appeal ? [ scoffs ] I thought you wanted to buy the thing . It 's the fastest rising show in town . We could risk outright purchase , But these things take time . Mr. Grossberg , Television Topography reported that your salary breaks down to almost 8,000 creds an hour . Really ? I rarely calculate my salary . I find it quite crude . But time is money , as they say . Yes , they do . And your meter 's running every second , so you want to talk business or not ? Compliments don 't match currency . [ Whackets theme ] I don 't know what you see in it , old pal ? It 's way below your taste . [ door opens ] Gorblimey , you ought to be careful . He 'll have you , crashing in like that . You 're in trouble , Reg . Oh , when wasn 't I ? How ? You 've been conned . Whackets is a video narcotic . Dominique , I 've made my first , best , and last offer . Take it or walk away . Hmm . My God , are these little things potatoes ? At these prices ? What is the problem ? The problem is small potatoes . You 've got to put more on the plate than a fancy dinner , Mr. Grossberg . Once I give you the only hit show I 've got , I 'm out of business . Well , what do you expect ? A seat on the board ? All I want for X-mas is to get my hands on Haskel and Biller . One mitt on each ought to do it . Reg , why aren 't you hooked ? I 'm immune to all such things , my friend . ♪ [ loud metal ] As a youth , a certain amount of head banging and metal madness left my synapses so calloused , no mind-altering substance has a chance . Shut it down , Reg . Done . [ Man ] Hey , where 's Whackets ? [ Woman ] Darling , where 's Whackets ? [ screams ] The show . Very well , Dominique . You 've made your point and exactly as I , myself , would 've done . And beautifully timed I might add . Well , it has been a delightful dinner , but duty calls . You know how it is . You are an admirably astute lady . And a charming and effective adversary . Are you going to sell me Whackets ? Agh . Don 't worry , Ned . I 'll talk to Haskel and what 's-his-name and get back to you . My limousine is purring outside . May I offer you a lift . Oh , we might be seen . Better to keep this meeting out of the trades . Good idea . [ chuckles ] Well then , goodbye . Or shall I say au revoir ? Ta-ta . You got a side door , Charlie ? Recorded the whole dinner , sir . It looks like she took you for a free meal . Nonsense . That ridiculous woman gave me exactly what I needed . Roll that last bit for me again . Are you going to sell me Whackets , then ? Agh , don 't worry , Ned . I 'll talk to Haskel and what 's-his-name and get back to you . Of course , Whackets actually belongs to a man named Haskel . He 'll be an independent . Find him . Reg , what have you done ? Oh , hello , Edison . Reg , where 's the show ? I told him to shut it down , Dom . You told Reg ? I run Big-Time Television . I make the decisions around here . Get it back on . No , Dom . Listen , Dominique . Please . - Edison , you have no- - - Listen . Just listen . Please . The reason people are still watching that drivel is because it 's addictive . - Mister- - - It 's a video drug . We 've been had , Dom . I 'm sorry , old girl . Oh , my God . Well , is there no way to fix it ? To clean it up ? I have got a buyer . We could be on our way to being number 1 . You can 't broadcast it , Dom . Deal or no deal . ... franchised any . Max , where 's the show ? I want my Whack TV ! You 've got to do something . I need that show . It 's all I 've got . [ phone ringing ] - Reg here . - Hi , Reg . Oh , hello , Theora . Look , is Edison with you ? It 's Whackets . Whackets has been pulled . Everything 's under control . No , it hasn 't Edison . Look , I just got home . Whackets is still on the air . What ? Who 's broadcasting it ? We are . Network 23 . They sold it . They sold my show . What ? Network 23 . This is perfect . Don 't you see ? I see that Big-Time has made the mega-cred sale that you have been talking about . Biller , Biller , what they 've done is open up the markets for us . All we have to do is take this to 23 's competition , and they 'll have to buy it just to stay in business . We can name our own price , son . Network 66 . They would kill to beat 23 . Well , shall you make the call or shall I ? Oh , let 's do it together . [ snoring ] [ phone rings ] Cheviot . What is it ? Good grief . What 's that doing on Network 23 ? Um , I 'm sorry to trouble you , sir , but Max Headroom is out of control . He 's so hooked on that show that he 's programming it from a copy he 's made . Stole it ? We 're broadcasting unlicensed programming ? Sponsored by Zik-Zak . Get it off . Oh , we can 't . To do that , we 'd have to get Max off , and that 's impossible . Plus , he 's locked Whackets into every market we have , and the ratings are rocketing up . Well , at least it 's a hit . All right , we 'll have to buy out Big-Time Television . Thank you , Murray . I 'll handle this now . Um , sir , there 's more . Oh , please . It 's spiked with an addictive substance which is why viewers crave it . Carter 's closing in on the story right now . The World Broadcast Governing Body will yank our license within an hour unless we do something fast . I 'll be right there . - And , Murray- - - Yes , sir . Be ready to cease all broadcasting if we can 't get it off the air . [ Woman ] Mr. Grossberg , you have a call from a Mr. Haskel and a Mr. Biller at the Producers' Clearinghouse . Such a small world tonight . Gentlemen , let us not squander time . I understand you 've been seeking me , and coincidentally enough , I you . If you are indeed the owners of the Whackets show . Oh , yes , sir , we- - we are , but Whackets , apparently has been sold to Network 23 . The ratings have already surged dramatically , Mr. Grossberg . Gentlemen , contracts were made to be broken . I have a legion of attorneys that can extricate you from this deal . And I will triple whatever 23 paid you . I want Whackets . I will have it . The show is nothing , sir . We are the inventors of something in Whackets . Something that would fit on any program on 66 . You 'll be able to compete on every show you have . Talk to me . [ Theora ] Bryce is working on an antidote to the drug . But Max is the real problem . He won 't talk to anyone but you . Yeah , what else is new ? Hey , I 've been th-th-thinking . I-I-I could announce the prizes . Hello ? Hello ? Hel-Hello ? That 's an impor-por-portant job . Max , what prizes do we have on our show tonight ? Well , Bob , tonight- - Max , take Whackets off the air . Right now . Why ? It 's just TV with a twist . Artificially making viewers watch is immoral . You must see that , Max . Edison , you won 't convince him . He doesn 't understand . He thinks the world is television . No , you don 't understand . If he 's part me , he knows better . If he 's part you , he won 't give up until he gets what he wants . You 're suddenly an expert on me , now ? I try . 10 points for Theora . [ slurps ] And it 's time for F-F-Family Feud . [ panting ] I 'll just check to see what 's happening on Whackets Edison , you won 't persuade him . I mean , he just won 't play ball . Maybe he will play ball . That 's exactly what he 'll do . [ Man ] Okay , up . We 've got- - [ Man # 2 ] Sir , I urge the World Council of Broadcasters not to take action against our license . We are voluntarily preparing a total network shutdown because we can 't- - Don 't tell them we can 't even get the thing off our own boardroom screen . Just explain that we 're taking control . I just realized something . We have a zero rating , not one viewer . I don 't think I can take it . Max , you and I must have a little talk . Will it take long ? Look , you say you want to be on the Whackets show , right ? Well , you can . Bryce will use a program interface , which programs into other programs , and he can put you live and direct on the Whackets show . M-M-Me ? Hum-Humble , modest , sh-shy little me on Whack-Whack-Whackets ? Look , you say the show 's great , right ? So you ought to be able to enjoy it without the hexadecimal . Bryce will put the antidote in as part of his program . Right ? Yeah , well , that is if Max is up to the challenge . I 'll go for it . He 's going to g-g-go for it , everybody . Yay ! Y-Yay ! [ Cheviot ] We 've reached a decision , then . The facts are clear . This network cannot continue to broadcast a harmful product . It 's morally unacceptable and professional suicide , so we must do what we must . [ machine beeps ] - Operating Systems room . - [ Man ] Yes , sir . Are you prepared to shut down ? [ Woman ] Cheviot , wait . Carter 's on line six . I 've made a deal with Max . He 's going to appear on the Whackets show . What ? But why ? To what purpose , Carter ? Bryce has loaded an antidote equation into Max 's program , and he 's going to be broadcasting that while he 's on . We 'd be broadcasting Whackets , Max , and the antidote all at once . The rating meter will melt in confusion . We have no choice and no time . - Try it . Do it . - [ beeps ] [ Man ] Yay , Whackets is back . [ Woman mutters ] [ Man ] Nah , he 's not dumb . [ Woman ] Quiet ! - I bet he misses the cushion . - Who cares ? - Hey , it 's Max . - Hi ! It 's me-me-me ! Oh , come on , Theora . I need Whack-Whack-Whackets . L-L-Let 's have some more Whackets ! [ Edwards ] Ratings are dropping . [ Cheviot ] I 'll uncover the screen . - Carter was right . - It worked . Two-way sampler shows us falling off in all markets . - Oh ! - Yes ! - Thank God . - We 're shot down . - I like that . - I never thought the day would come when I 'd be glad to see our ratings drop . [ chuckling ] - That 's all right . - What a relief . Uh- - Uh- - Max , I don 't know how to tell you this , but the audience hates Whackets . Nobody 's watching it . Nobody ? No-Nobody wa-watching ? Get me off-f-f . Whew . What 's the matter ? Didn 't you enjoy being a ninny trying to win a trash compactor ? [ scoff-scoff ] Yeah . It was the thrill of a lifetime . Why ? With the hexadecimal inoperative , the show 's unwatchable , Max . Exac-xac-x-xactly ! As I suspected all along , no-o-othing special about it at all . Uh , deliver my prizes to my summer house , will you ? Thank you . And deliver my audience to me . Ha ha ! I feel a broad-broad-broadcast coming on . Ha ha ! T-T-T-TV ! My world , my empire , my voice-ce ! Your pleasure . [ Edison ] Today , the term " addicted to TV " took on a new and sinister meaning as the prospect of global video addiction became a frightening reality . For the past several hours , Unsuspecting viewers here and around the globe were victims of a pair of ex-network programmers who attempted to market an addictive video drug hidden in a game show called Whackets . Police are arresting Haskel and Biller at this moment . As for the public exposed to the drug , all harmful effects have been negated , thanks to a Network 23 antidote . Closed-Captioned By J.R. Media Services , Inc . Burbank , CA
