 is going to have to disappear- - Get this joker ! ... permanently . Where does all this come from , Bryce ? The components of Carter 's mind . But he 's adding to it . [ Theora ] It 's computer-generated , whatever it is . Looks like Edison . [ Bryce ] People translated as data . - Max . - Damn it ! Two minds but with one single memory . [ Man ] In today 's world , your inalienable rights are consumer credit , unlimited telecom , and personal security . In your home , in your place of work , you can count on Security Systems . Security Systems- - wherever you go , there we are . Edison Carter Show , week 4 opening- - Security Systems . [ Theora ] Everybody ready ? Good . I have a glitch on my monitor , and we don 't want any technical problems when Mr. Carter delivers the perfect take , do we ? 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 . [ Edison ] These are the walls of the city- - stone , brick , wood , and ferrolignin . But there are other walls in the city- - electronic ones designed to keep secrets in and unwanted visitors out . Impenetrable , invisible walls designed by the calculating intelligence of Security Systems Incorporated . I 'm flying close to one of those walls right now- - the SS wall around the exclusive Sybaris residential complex . Somewhere inside Sybaris is the answer to a question . Who is trying to take control of Security Systems ? Who wants to own the secrets behind the walls ? How was it , Control ? Thrilling . You 're starting to sound like Murray . He 's so excited by this story , he can hardly bring himself to come to the office . Can 't talk now . I 'm late . - [ Man ] Good morning , Murray . - [ Woman ] Hey , Murray . Good morning , Murray . Edison , let 's configure for out of commercial . Uh-oh . We 've got a problem . [ Edison ] Control , I 'm losing picture . Is something wrong ? We got a chopper problem . I 'm losing oil pressure . I 'm into vapor lock . I show a manifold leak . Uh , go to manual . Maybe you can stabilize it . Get up . Get up . Should I call the medics ? Damn , I hate stuff like this . - [ explosion ] - There goes the engine . Hang on ! We 're going down . Sybaris Control , this is Louis 23 ! Power out and oil rotation . We need to land on your pad . [ Man 's voice ] This is a restricted zone . Land somewhere else . Sybaris , unless you want your license blown for reckless endangerment , you 'll let us land ! All right , Louis . Turn to 240 and land . Be aware that Sybaris security is authorized by code 698 to use deadly force . Adios . Oh ! [ Edison ] That was close . 23 , we 're down safe . [ Murray ] Oh , they made it . Good . Murray , aren 't you just a bit concerned ? I mean , Edison and Martinez were almost killed . You mean Edison didn 't tell you ? Oh , of course not . He needed a convincing performance . You mean that was staged ? Oh , and I bet the stories are fake , too . Oh , no . No way . It 's another one of Edison 's , uh , great hunches . Oh , come on . you can 't possibly believe an old chopper jockey like Martinez would have any trouble with a deadstick landing . I can 't believe this . Oh ! Oh ! I 'm glad that 's over . Som-Som-Some of us can 't cover our eyes , you know . To hell with both of you . Oh , man , I don 't believe this . What the hell do you think you 're doing here ? I don 't believe it . No wonder I had to land . Take a look at that . Take a look at that . I asked them to check the oil rotation device ... 23 , this is Edison . Are you there ? Theora , I 'm sorry . I need your help . Theora , are you with me ? Yes . [ Man 's voice ] Stop and identify . It 's Edison Carter , Network 23 . State your business . I 'd like to talk to Valerie Towne . [ pressure lock opens ] Identity verified . Enter . Not much clutter . [ Theora ] Don 't be such a Philistine . Nice to have you back , Theora . How nice ? What can I do for you , Mr. Carter ? Thanks for taking the time to see me . I know your work , Mr. Carter . It would be impossible to evade you . Have a seat . Uh , no , thanks . I 'll stand . Suit yourself . - I 'm taping . - So am I. What do you want to know ? Who 's trying to buy Security Systems ? Who cares ? Everybody ought to care . SS is the largest and most powerful corporation of its kind in the world . It has access to more privileged information than any single government . And , if in the wrong hands , it could be used to destroy businesses and lives . I imagine new owners will find it most profitable to continue operations of SS as they have always been . Then you 're confirming the buy-out . I 'd be a failure as CEO if I weren 't aware that our stock is being acquired . Yet you have no worries for SS . SS will survive . So will the cockroach . Wouldn 't you view a takeover as a repudiation of your management ? Of course . If it succeeds , I 'll be replaced . [ Theora ] Her color seems to be blue . [ Edison ] 98th percentile . Off the record , you seem pretty calm about it all . Off the record ? It 's a personal tragedy . Of course I 'm frightened . Well , that 's it . And she checks out as truthful to an appropriate decimal point . And here I thought everyone lied to you all the time . Maybe I should try the analyzer on you . What 's with Valerie Towne and SS ? She 's keeping up a brave front , but she 's scared . - Mm-hmm . You smell a story ? - Yeah . - I don 't . - I do . This isn 't your kind of stuff . Very cerebral story , isn 't it ? Doesn 't really seem to have the classic elements they so worship upstairs- - sex , violence , money . It 's a mystery , Murray . Shadowy , powerful forces at work . No one knows who or why ? And it 's all about money . Not the kind of money I understand , which means it 's not the kind of money our viewers are going to understand . Oh , r-really ? I wish he wouldn 't do that . Murray , Security Systems has its tendrils into every element of our society- - the government , our homes , the police , the courts . I 'm not gonna spike this story just because it deals with dollar amounts beyond your comprehension . It 's too important . Cerebral ... Murray , we 're trying to play this takeover as a threat to our average viewer . Nobody knows who 's doing it . I mean , we all deal with SS every day . What if some really dangerous people got control of it ? Who do you think controls it now ? Are we going to run with Edison 's Security Systems story ? I don 't know yet . He hasn 't got all the pieces of the puzzle . We 're close to the drop dead point on this one . I know , I know . I 'll have to make a decision tomorrow . Get some sleep . Good night , Murray . [ Valerie Towne ] Yes ? Mrs. Towne , it 's Edison Carter again . How did you get my number ? I read it off your phone when I was there . I 'm a reporter . Go away , Mr. Carter . The SS takeover story 's gonna be spiked unless you give me something more to go on . My dear Mr. Carter , why should I care whether or not your story airs ? You said you were afraid . Other people will be afraid , too . Don 't they have a right to know what 's going on ? All I hear is that Edison Carter wants to know what 's going on . Good night . Mrs. Towne , I 'd really- - You 're very charming , but good night . [ keyboarding ] [ Woman 's voice ] A-7 Mainframe . Please enter your access code . Thank you . I agree . Projections confirm that Edison Carter will pose a threat to Security Systems . I can isolate him . I can- - Check this out . A-7 is calling up files on Edison Carter . Edison Carter ? I see him on TV all the time . He 's not going to like this . [ A-7 ] Entered and initiated . [ buzzer ] [ buzzer ] Great . [ tap tap tap ] Edison ? What are you doing here ? I live here , Mr. Rivas . My key doesn 't work . That 's because it 's been cancelled . We just got a lock-out on you , Edison . What have you done ? What do you mean , what have I done ? Who 's locking me out ? [ speaking Spanish ] I 'm sorry . My wife is reminding me that you are a fugitive . She 's gone inside to inform the Metros . What was the charge ? First degree credit fraud . Credit fraud ? It 's not possible . It 's not true . I 'm sorry . 23 . Theora , are you still there ? Yes , Edison . Something 's messed up . Call up my personal ident file , will you ? Okay . [ Man ] Who 's in charge here ? You boys are out kind of late . What can I do for you ? We 've got a warrant for the arrest of Edison Carter . [ Murray ] For Carter ? What are you talking about ? The Metrocops are here . Fine . Where is he ? [ Murray ] How should I know ? He 's off duty . My God , Edison , your file 's been changed . You 're poison everywhere . They can track you with a vidicam , so ditch it . - Hey . - Just taking a look around . - Hey . Where- - - Hurry . Ditch it . Split up . We 'll cover more ground . No , let 's stay together . This guy can be trouble . All right . Metrocops , Mr. and Mrs. Rivas . Edison ? [ Cheviot ] Now , let me see if I 've got this straight . You 've had a visit from law enforcement officers who have a warrant for the arrest of Edison Carter , who is missing . You , Murray , have lost track of him . You , Miss Jones , came perilously close to an obstruction of justice charge . Worse yet , there is no Edison Carter Show for tonight , which means I have to throw a rerun into that time slot , costing us millions . Is that an accurate summary ? I 'd say that about covers it . Perfectly . Well . It seems I have little choice but to back you against the police , provided , of course , the charges against Carter are completely unfounded . What exactly are they anyway ? Credit fraud . Credit fraud ? My God , that 's worse than murder . I had no idea it was that serious . I 'll see what I can do . Thank you , sir . Get me Miss Formby . Julia . Regarding that inquiry from the Metros about , uh , Edison Carter- - Yes . Stonewall them . [ Bryce ] Security Systems handles billions of bits of data every hour . It was impossible to process that much information with a normal computer , so SS developed an artificial intelligence program- - a computer which can actually think for itself . And it 's called A-7 . It 's rather ruthless with intruders , and there 's just no easy way in there . There has to be , Bryce . I 've got to get to his file . Edison has no place to live . He 's wanted by the Metros . He has no credit . [ Female announcer on TV ] Due to circumstances beyond our control , The Edison Carter Show will not be seen tonight . In its place , we present a special encore performance of Lumpy 's Proletariat . ♪ [ comedy music on TV ] ♪ [ tango ] [ applause ] And we 'll return to L-L-L-Lumpy 's Proletariat in a moment , if-if they can 't find something better to show you . No Edison Carter ? Damn . What did you expect ? A-7 's taken Carter right off the screen . Of course he can 't do his TV show . He 's probably in custody by now anyway . That moment of silence was brought to you by Big-Time TV . Here we go , son . Try this on . Well , now you look the part- - Edison Carter , Blank , joining the fraternity of the last free men . This isn 't easy for me , you know . You volunteered . I was drafted . I don 't know , Edison . You just look too neat to be a proper Blank . [ scoff ] Oh , don 't worry about that unit , son . It 's a blank . Untraceable . Go on . You again ? has turned me into a hunted man , and I- - I 'm hoping you might be able to help me out . But you 're the chief executive . I was , Mr. Carter . I 've been fired . Reg . I need an icebreaker . The best there is . Well , then , that , uh , would depend on the particular ice , wouldn 't it ? Ice ? Security . In this case , the security around SSI . Now that 's cold , mate . Cold enough to burn . Edison ! You all right ? I was ready to slice you . I have faith in your reflexes . Best not to test them at night . Now , how can I help you ? Reg says you might know somebody who can crack a little ice- - Security Systems ice . Maybe even you . Not anymore . Their system 's artificial intelligence . To crack that , you 'll need somebody that 's really online . Who 's the most online I can get ? Check your own back yard , Edison . [ Murray ] Oh , God , look at the time . I haven 't been up this late in years . Why in the hell doesn 't he try to contact us ? He 's always been good about that . He 's already tried . He knows we 're being monitored . SS probably has a tap on all our incoming lines . I just wish I knew where to look . Try looking behind you . Edison . - I 'm glad to see you . - Murray . Well , you got to sign a lost equipment form - for that vidicam . - I 'll sign it if you promise to get me a new one right now . How did you get in ? I told Stanley I lost my key . He let me in . - Well , let 's go . - Go where ? - To Bryce 's , right ? - You read my mind . Bryce , I 've got a real problem . I need your help to crack Security Systems . I 'll see what I can do . He changed his mind quickly . He 's got a lot to change . There it is in the center . I didn 't realize we 'd gone online . Cracking the ice around it should be fun , a lot like challenging God Himself . Would you speak English ? What is ice ? How do you crack it ? In this case , ice is the wall of security around A-7 to prevent unauthorized access . Each colored block indicates closed architecture integrated circuit- - nothing goes out , nothing gets in . Well , at least that 's the idea . Well , I 've tapped into all the normal police circuits , so if they make a move on the place , we 'll have some warning at least . They don 't know I 'm here , or they 'd have nailed me by now . - Maybe we should let them . - [ Theora ] Murray ! Wait a minute . The charges aren 't true , right ? So they haul Edison in . A couple hours later , he 's out on the street with a personal story of abuse of power . That 's dynamite stuff . Murray , from the moment Security Systems decided I was a criminal , I became one . The only records anyone will ever have access to show that I committed credit fraud . That 's the beauty of the entire Security Systems operation . [ chuckle ] Did you know that SS even does security for Network 23 ? Hurry up . They might be after us already . Where am I going to do my work ? Ohh ! Rik , we 're in a hurry . We got to get out of here . All of you . This is no charity run . Velocity has its price , as does patience . Murray , you know I 'm locked out of my accounts . Come on . Pay the man . Come on , Murray ! Sorry . I 'm new at being a fugitive . I 'm sure you 'll pick it up in no time . Let 's go ! [ Reg ] You liked it before , so we 'll play it again . Going for 12 in a row . ♪ Extern . We have guests . Oh , I hope it 's not those people from Deaf Aid again because I want to know where last year 's money went ! - [ Dominique laughs ] - Hi . Back so soon ? Yeah , your leads paid off . Uh , Reg , Dom ... Bryce , Theora , and Murray . What sort of outputs do you have here ? - Dom ? - It fluctuates , depending on where we 've hooked up for the night . We can go as high as 500 watts . How low can you go ? We have one UHF transmitter that will do about 5 watts , - don 't we ? - Somewhere . Bryce , you want to translate ? Well , in order to get through the ice around Security Systems artificial intelligence unit , I 'll need to go in at low power . Sneak under the radar ? Well , I was thinking of using the inductance mode . It could work . Of course , you 've got to be in real close and tap into some lines . [ Bryce ] Exactly . What you 're looking for is a mobile transmitter . Drive her right up to the power source and plug in . Something like a pink bus with a 5-watt UHF transmitter ? Exactly . - Dom ? - Mm . Do you think anyone 's noticed we 're off the air ? After 12 straight plays of Derek and the Dominos , Reg , I doubt that anyone cares . Murray , what 's wrong ? I told you I wasn 't any good at this . I keep asking myself questions . Such as ? Oh , well , where are we going ? What are we going to do ? How we gonna do whatever that is ? Bryce , you want to explain things to Murray ? Not that again . I 'd rather be ignorant . - [ brakes screech ] - Whoa ! We need to get as close as we can to the Security Systems headquarters to stage an electronic break-in . It 's the only way Bryce can change Edison 's file back to the way it was . I hate to sound pessimistic , but breaking into Security Systems doesn 't sound like a high percentage operation . No , it 's a fortress . So what is your plan ? We don 't actually need to get inside . We just need to get close enough to tap into their circuits . I think we need some kind of a diversion . Oh , like that- - that helicopter thing this morning . I 'm sorry , Theora . Yeah . Something involving- - a beautiful woman . I don 't care for that idea , Edison . Are you nervous , Murray ? Oh , no . This should be easy for me . I minored in drama at journalism school . Oh , that should really help . [ Man 's voice ] Halt . You 're being scanned . Proceed . [ Theora ] Thank God ! Someone in authority ! Sir , this is a restricted area . We 're not going to take much of your time . Me and the little lady had a run-in with a rickshaw driver . Run-in ? We were robbed at knife point . Okay , okay . He took our credit tubes . And my jewelry . Uh , I think the credit tubes are a little more valuable than that jewelry . Oh , really ? And just how much is that jewelry worth ? What difference does it make how much it 's worth ? We 're talking about credit . It makes a lot of difference . My life- - My life is in my credit tubes- - I don 't want to hear about it . You men are all alike . - What difference does it make ? - A lot of difference . We lost the credit tubes . Jewelry is jewelry . They had colors . They 're blue , they 're red . Tell me how much the jewelry was worth ! Uh- - What is this ? World 's most expensive fly-zapper ? This should do it , mate . - Jewelry is jewelry . - I don 't want to hear it . Its worth , its worth- - What difference- - We 're talking about credit tubes . We 're talking about my life . I don 't want to hear about it . You men are all alike ! Oh , darling , I 'm so sorry . I 'm so sorry . Would you excuse us ? I think we 'll take this discussion elsewhere . Come along , my precious . You didn 't tell me you were going to hit me . I needed a convincing performance . - All set . - Good . Going online now , linking with Network 23 . You should have your good name restored within moments . I hope . Those are A-7 's instructions being carried out . What we need to do is get our instructions recognized . We 'll go in under their radar , so to speak , with very low power . That way , we won 't activate a feedback loop . Transmitting a very high-speed series of alphanumeric characters . You see how they bounce off ? So far , so good . At least we 're not triggering any response . We 'll just tickle it a little bit . I 've done it . We 're in . Now we just feed in your file from Network 23 . Naturally , it only says nice things about you . Naturally . Opening the link ... now ! Max . What are you doing here ? I came with him-him-him-him . [ yawn ] Well , I don 't know about you people-ple-ple-ple , but I 'm going for a walk . I wonder where this wire goes . [ static ] See Puckett in that scumball game tonight ? Saw Lou . Took a couple of shots . Uh-oh . What 's wrong ? A-7 's fighting back . The gate , it 's closing . Can 't you just shove it open ? Hit it somehow ? Unpleasant visitors . Reg , let 's get out of here . [ Reg ] Hang on ! The link ! Ahh . There it goes . And Max is in there . [ Edison ] And unfortunately ... so am I. Y-y-y-you know , there are security guards outside Network 23 paid to stop you- - stop you- - stop you- - stop you from coming in . And paid even more to stop me-me-me-me from getting out . Ha-ha-ha-ha ha ha . [ technicians laughing ] [ Woman 's voice ] This is A-7 Mainframe . All peripherals are reporting . All programs are running . Edison Carter Isolation Project continues . [ A-7 humming ] Ah ! Ah ! A-7 , I presume . [ A-7 ] This is a restricted RAM space . You c-c-call this space ? And I thought the network was cramped- - cramped . - Who are you ? - You 'll soon know me , but right now I 'm more interested in y-y-y-you- you . - You first . No . Me Ma-Ma-Ma-Max Headroom . And you the artificial intelligence that runs Security Systems . But- - But- - But don 't worry . I 'm sure you 're just as real as I am . [ Theora ] I doubt we were followed . Maybe some food will help us think . Oh . Point the way , love . [ no audible dialogue ] This keeps getting worse and worse . First I was wiped out of the system . Now all of you are in trouble . And we 've lost Max , too . If we could only get in there and rewire that damned machine . As a matter of fact ... we can . I got far enough into A-7 to make it accept housekeeping data- - like clearances ? We could actually just walk right in the front door . You 've got to be kidding . Sounds dangerous . That 's why I 'm not planning on going alone . Don 't look at me . You seem pretty confident , Bryce . What if they don 't accept these clearances ? [ Man 's voice ] Halt . You 're being scanned . I hadn 't thought about that . Do you think they 'd do something awful to us ? They aren 't very innovative . Proceed . They 'll probably just kill us . Tubes . Go on in . [ Dominique ] Hurry up , Reg . Everyone 's waiting . This is cable , Dom , not alphabetti spaghetti . - Are we close now ? - Yep . Still no visual from Edison . Theora . Faint but readable , Edison . Where to ? Schematic feed coming up in 23 . [ Reg ] Nasty-looking place . Okay , turn right at the next corridor and down the elevator two floors . It should be straight ahead of you , but I 'm not sure . There 's some breakup . You know- - You know , your voice is really ... soft-ft-ft-ft-ft . Why have you penetrated my system ? I 'll be- - I 'll be- - I 'll be- - I 'll be honest . I need something from you . Will it go any further ? Madame . We 've only just met . Well ! It 's been almost 3,000 milliseconds . You know- - You know- - You know me . Straight to the heart . Well- - [ A-7 giggles ] I almost tripped over a little ar-ar-artery on the way . [ A-7 giggles ] I wonder if- - wonder if- - wonder if security guards ever hold a party . And if they do , do they let each other in ? Roh ! Roh ! Great . You know , I 've never been accessed like this before . I 'll be gentle . Hmph ! - Edison- - - Keep on walking . Wasn 't that Edison Carter ? Yeah , I think so . What 's he doing here ? Look , he wouldn 't be here if he wasn 't supposed to be here , now would he ? [ sigh ] Look . See ? He 's got clearance . Hmm . [ laughing ] All right . Ha ha . Let me give you a hand with it . There it goes . Need any help ? This isn 't going to be easy . What else is new ? [ A-7 ] I thought you 'd gone . Where were you ? You know- - You know , you 're my first date . You mean , if you had knees , they 'd be knocking ? [ laughing ] And- - And- - And I- - And I thought you had no sense of humor . You say the nicest things . I have a strange compulsion to hug you . You know- - You know- - You know me . Straight to the heart . Hey , I thought you 'd g-g-g-gone to lunch . Hey-Hey-Hey , A-7 , you beautiful ... Did you see that securicam move ? Oh , God , look at the hoosiers on that one ! Heh heh heh ! S-S-S-Say hello to A-7 . Well , go on . - Hello . - Huh ? Max , are you talking to yourself ? Oh-Oh-Oh . Yes , in a way I am . It 's a bad habit of mine- - of mine . Of mine . What the hell is going on ? Max , I 'm hearing you from two spatially discrete sources . Sure-Sure-Sure . I move around a lot . Another bad habit- - habit . Of mine . That 's right . They have the same voice . Very clever , your Max . [ humming ] Max , you 're making me lose control . I just want to ... surrender . [ kiss noise ] [ imitating Humphrey Bogart ] So , tell me , shweetheart ... [ A-7 giggling ] Anything . Uh , right . Who 's trying to buy Security Systems ? Security Systems . Tell me the whole story , A-7- - SS stock , Valerie Towne . I want to know . Please . Security Systems needed capital to fund the acquisition of several other corporations in order to create a worldwide monopoly on information and access . Stories were leaked , creating a run on SS stock , driving up the price . Controlling interests were sought in Zik-Zak and Network 23 . [ Edison ] Whose idea was it ? Please . The entire concept came from chief executive officer Valerie Towne . But she was fired . 23 , you getting this ? Yes . Every word . Towne lied to me after all , and the voice print analyzer never caught it . A-7 must have been biasing it . That wouldn 't be hard . Security Systems have access to everything in Network 23 . A-7 , a cl-cl-close friend of mine is in trouble . His credit rating has been wrongly cancelled in your system-stem-stem- - your system . - Name ? - Edison Carter . Will you hel- - Will you help him ? It will- - It will- - It will- - It will be like helping me . Please . Too late , Mr. Carter . I was warned that you are incredibly resourceful . I 'm not the only one . Security Systems isn 't enough for you . You want everything . I 'd say that transcends greed , wouldn 't you ? We all have our compulsions . Take them away . I 've lost them . I 'm calling the Metropolice . You see , Mr. Carter , your reputation will be your downfall . You and your associate broke into the Citadel . You stumbled into a thermal testing chamber , where you were found frozen to death . Can 't you let him go ? [ laughing ] Don 't be silly , Mr. Carter . You certainly know far too much for SS to let you roam free , but that one has the ability to penetrate our most secure systems . In many ways , he 's more of a threat than you are . Goodbye , Mr. Carter . [ Bryce ] Edison ? Will it be painful ? I mean , you 've been close to death before . Yeah , close enough I 'm not anxious to experience the real thing . This is highly unusual . I find myself regretting all the things I 'll now never experience . I 'll never complete my collection of the original He-Man and the Masters of the Universe accessories . I 'll never have a clear complexion . I suppose this is the price I pay for that remark about challenging God . Don 't worry , Bryce . It 's a perfectly normal reaction . It 's called fear . I 've never felt this before . It 's rather exhilarating . Yeah . That 's not quite the word I would choose , but ... then again ... you 're pretty unique . I 'm afraid . A-7 . Now you 've got to help Edison Carter . [ A-7 ] I don 't understand about you and Edison . I 've told you all there is to know-know-know about us . Now , he 's my friend . Do you have a friend ? Valerie Towne is my friend . Oh , great . As they say when you 're buying sup-sup-sup-suppositories , with friends like that , who needs enemas ? Your friend has you manip-anip-anipulating stock prices , has you lock-lock-locking TV reporters in thermal chambers to freeze to death . That is wrong , and-and-and your friend Valerie Towne would destroy-stroy-s-s- - destroy you to get what she wants . Oh , Max . I shouldn 't be doing this . Please . Kiss me again . What 's that head doing here ? I think- - I think it 's sitting on my shoulders . Get him off the screen . Now ! Max You 're ri- - You 're ri- - You 're right . There 's nothing like a change of ... screenery . I designed this system , and I can destroy it if I have to in order to get you out . A-7 , she 's a liar ! And remember what I said about her . A-7 , this is a priority override . Erase that head now ! I 'm sorry , Mrs. Towne , but Max has shown me a whole new way to access these things called feelings . I can respond only to him . You are violating your basic programming . I know , but I just can 't help it . [ Max ] A-7 ! A-7 ? I did it ! Mrs. Towne , your file has been changed and your access code revoked . Law enforcement databanks have been informed . The guards will hold you for them . This is ridiculous . Shut the whole thing down ! You can turn me off , but only Max can turn me on . I 'm sorry , Mrs. Towne , but you should be proud . You programmed me to make my own decisions . Mm ! What a- - What a team ! [ Bryce ] Max ! The box ! Come on ! Yeah . For God 's sake , treat A-7 with some respect-spect ! She 's not just a machine ! [ chatter ] Since the disclosures about massive insider speculation , all world exchanges have suspended trading in Security Systems stock , and an investigation is in progress . Former chief executive officer Valerie Towne has been detained pending the outcome of the inquiry . Control of the security- - [ Murray ] You know- - ... has been temporarily placed in the hands of a panel of- - I think I was wrong about this story . It does have the classic elements . Sex ? Well , maybe romance . And , uh , you were certainly violent . Sorry . And ? And , um ... Max . Right . [ Edison ] ... units of the company . Sources tell me it is likely SS will be broken up and forced to divest itself of its monopoly on world security . As for the A-7 artificial intelligence unit , it has been taken off line , it is said , for extensive reprogramming . This is Edison Carter . Huh . The man 's a gen-gen-genius . I don 't know what he 'd do without me . Well , I could say- - No . I can 't . And , I don 't like to pa-pa-pat myself on the back because , well , heh ... I can 't do that , either . Blimey . What Big-Time TV could do with one of him . You know , I 've been thinking . I think it 's about time Zik-Zik-Zik-Zak sponsored a get-fit week here on Network 23 . Hm ! Hm ! They should organize a series of one-minute breaks when they show no-no-nothing in particular . Let 's try it now . Shh ! Shh ! I have to talk in a whisper because the security guards think everyone has gone home- - home . And you know what security guards are like- - shoot-shoot-shoot first and still argue about whether you can come in . You see , I 'm not one to beat about the large black boots , but the first requirement for any security guard is to be totally- - totally- - to-to-totally insecure . I mean , who else needs to dress like a riot control cop so that he can write down your name and tell you where to park-park your car- - car ? But security , it 's so important- - important . Alarms , locks , electronic gates , and the ultimate safeguard of your home , the pe-pe-pe-peephole in your door- - that little piece of glass designed to help you recognize visitors , and all it does is distort their face so much you can 't recognize them anyway . So-So-So they 're not a lot of use unless you 're expecting someone who looks like ... Quasimodo- - Qua-Qua-Quasimodo . Or even worse , a security guard . Uh-oh . Closed-Captioned By J.R. Media Services , Inc . Burbank , CA
