 live and direct on Network 23 . Carter 's the best known reporter we have on the air . He satellites globally . Where does all this stuff come from , Bryce ? The components of Carter 's mind . M-M-Max , M-M-Max . [ Bryce ] People translated as data . It 's computer-generated , whatever it is . It looks like Edison . Max . Max Headroom . Max ? He 's a computer-generated person based on you . Two minds , but with one single memory . [ Male announcer ] ... state 's smog division subject to local atmospheric drift and soot precipitation . Our ozone 's looking good , but the plus-40 per main fluorocarbon count an ultraviolet penetration in the low millibars . Now this word . [ Female announcer ] Zik-Zak introduces the Neurostim Fantasy Bracelet . It 's new . It 's exciting . It puts you in the picture . Get one free with every purchase at your local Zik-Zak outlet . [ Edison ] What do you mean you don 't like scumball ? Everybody likes scumball . Get out and walk . Hey , I know it 's the biggest game of the year and all , man , but it 's fake death . It should be real death , you know what I mean ? Theora , you put me in the chopper with a homicidal maniac . Just kidding . Hang in there . You 'll be in sector 11 in 5 . Roger , 23 . [ Male announcer on TV ] Good afternoon , everyone , and welcome to Scumball 11 , brought to you exclusively by Zik-Zak . And before t-t-tonight 's scumball final , brought- - brought- - b-brought to you by those nice people , Zik-Zik-Z-Zik-Zak , a quick word of thanks to the real sponsors- - you . Yes , y-you buy their products . You give them their profits . So you 're sponsoring the game . The game that is ac-actually a giant commercial for Zik-Zak-k-k . Zik-Zak says thank you- - thank you . And please buy more products , give them more profits , and sponsor more games . Today , the Aztecs of San Menudo meet the Irwindale ... Zik-Zak is spending a fortune on exclusive sponsorship , isn 't it ? That 's right . They 're using the game to really push their new Neurostim promotion . They 're not going to like having Max Headroom trashing the spots . Research shows that Max Headroom speaks for the young and dissatisfied . He says what they feel . The fact that Zik-Zak allows Max to mock their commercials allows his audience to identify with Zik-Zak . It 's images that count , Gene . Right . [ Announcer ] The star right rear scummer for that powerful formation . And- - [ Theora ] Our consumer index indicates the downscale families in these sectors are buying 700 % more Zik-Zak products . Most have gone into debt . [ Edison ] Let 's find out what 's suddenly so fascinating about burgers and Crunch Fries . [ rats squeaking ] Theora , you know what 's intriguing about all this ? What , the fact that people are so untidy ? No , the fact that it all looks so new . [ Woman ] Who is it ? Hi . I 'm from Zik-Zak Consumer Relations , and we 're doing a survey . Well , I guess you can come in if you want to . We 're just eating our dinner . My , my . You folks sure like Zik-Zak . But personal hygiene is important . Yeah . Guess so . Aren 't you Edison Carter ? Yeah . Sorry about that . it 's , uh , journalistic license . Oh , well , does this mean we 're going to be live and direct - on Network 23 ? - If you like , yeah . Oh , yeah . Kids ! [ giggling ] Yes . You buy the burgers , you finance the game , and you have to buy a ticket to go watch it . Ha ha ha . It 's a funny old world . Ha ! H-H-Ha ha ha ha ha ha ! Ahem . Give me a countdown , Theora . Rolling in 10 , 9 , 8- - - Wait . - Hold on , Edison . What do you mean wait ? We have a news window coming up . Max is on . Yeah , Max is often on . But his ratings will hype the game . He 's better audience flow than Edison . Oh , really ? Hey . I thought you said we were going to be live and direct on Network 23 . You bet . Theora , come on . My story 's ready . But at least the products are g-good , aren 't they ? Isn 't that great ? You s- - You s- - You see , I 'm not allowed to say that this food is bad for you , but since we 're not talking about f-food , I think I 'm safe . So , uh , when am I going to tell Edison ? I was hoping you 'd tell me . All right . [ beep ] Edison , this is Murray . We can 't clear you for live and direct , so we 're rolling a backup tape . [ beep ] There . See ? Nothing to it . [ Edison ] Control , what 's going on ? You 've cut me off ! [ Woman 's voice ] Continued coverage of Scumball Classics is brought to you by Zik-Zak . We make everything you need , and you need everything we make . Now , live via satellite , back to action . [ Male announcer ] It 's number 45 , Dynamite Darryl Reeves taking a bash from George Fargo . He 's on a roll- - Oh ! Wheel fire ! I 'm sure I saw a red light on that one . No , no . He got away with it . These things can come back to haunt you . Uh , Kelly 's presentation on Operation Serendipity is now ready , Mr. Chairman . Unless , of course , you would like to wait until end of period . Period is over . - Ah . - Aye . [ speeded-up voices ] Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! This , as many of you know , is a Neurostim bracelet . It is the advertising and marketing breakthrough we 've all been waiting for , utilizing direct neural stimulation of the brain to relay our message . Hi , Lisa . Good morning , Edison . How are you ? Great . Patty and the kids gave me a little present for my trouble . Figured I could use a little neuro stimulation . Gee . You didn 't bring one for me . I mean , I think that 's bad politics . Just tell me why . All right . We don 't need to have an argument . Is it something I said ? No . - Is it something I did ? - No ! Well , it sure can 't be the scumball because we had a news window ! It 's Max ! I 'm under strict orders from Cheviot not to interrupt him for anything- - not news , not Cheviot himself . Zik-Zak feels that he , uh , he 's the best ratings getter we have . What ? I don 't like it any better than you do . You 're right . We don 't need this conversation . [ Announcer ] Hey , the Aztecs want to make this one up quick . here they come in flying heat with the Aztecs- - Listen , Max , I have had it . It was bad enough that Bryce , without my asking , took my memories and turned them into you . I can live with the constant interruptions , with the invasion of privacy , all of that , but now you won 't even let me do my damn job ! I thought your job was telling the truth-th-th . It is . Squish the executive , did we ? Well , maybe you should be telling it a little loud-loud-l-louder . Listen , Max , I can 't win every battle . I want to win the war . I can push , I can shove , I can scream , I can shout , but at the end of the day I need Network 23 , and I can 't always say what I want ! F-Fine . Then , if you can 't-t-t , I will . Not in my air time . As long as it 's the truth , does it matter which of us t-tells it ? Yes , it does . You 're in my way . You exist ! That 's what matters . And that 's the truth-th-th-th . Oh , no . It 's over . What ? Who won ? Huh ? - Who won ? - Oh . Oh . I forgot to turn up the sound . Uh , let 's see . Last week , I projected the Druids to win by a field goal in overtime . ... confounding all the experts and overcoming all the odds , the Druids win on a marked mason field goal in overtime . You tell anyone ? No . Why would I ? Never mind . I 've got a project here for you . This is a Zik-Zak Neurostim bracelet . I 've dabbled in direct neural inputs . At school we used to use them for- - Never mind . Uh , I 'll be happy to take a look at this after I 've thoroughly simulated this insect 's escape patterns . It 's all part of a new artificial intelligence program . Is that a real laser ? Sure . The test would just have no validity without it . How about testing the bracelet ? Okay . Uh , I think you hit the button . [ speeded-up voice ] Zik-Zak ! What do you think ? - [ door opens ] - Where are you going ? I 'm hungry . Not only will Neurostim allow us to break the bonds of cost-per-pound advertising , but it will also be the tool by which we free ourselves from the stranglehold of network television . Why have you chosen this name ? Uh , Mr. Chairman ... a wise man once defined serendipity as digging for worms and striking gold . If Neurostim sells as planned , it will cause a panic among major network television . Their stocks will plummet , they 'll be vulnerable for takeover , and Zik-Zak will be ready- - ready to achieve total market penetration . [ chanting ] Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! [ Female announcer ] And now the award-winning What I Want to Know show , starring Edison Carter . [ Edison ] This is an ordinary family in an ordinary apartment in the city . A family which buys Burger Pax , Crunch Fries , and Zak Cola at their neighborhood Zik-Zak . Now , it seems , Zik-Zak researchers have discovered a way to feed advertising messages directly into your brain , using neural stimulation . [ Edwards ] This is terrible . It 's just typical Edison Carter . The people love him . I 'm talking about the implications of Carter 's report . Ben , if enough people buy Neurostim , they won 't need television to sell their products . Come on . Don 't you think you 've overreacting a little ? As always . [ Edison ] The message , as usual , is let the buyer beware . This is Edison Carter . This isn 't a side bet on a scumball game . The stakes are too high . Zik-Zak will never undermine this system . It works too well for all of us . [ Announcer ] Try one today . [ speeded-up voices ] Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Zik-Zak ! Edison Carter 's report on Neurostim threatens the whole project . Marketing anticipated this , Mr. Chairman . We knew that the promotion would generate a certain amount of negative feedback with news organizations , especially from Carter at Network 23 . Our research staff has custom built an extra-strength Neurostim especially for Edison Carter . Sounds like an expensive way to eliminate one troublemaker . According to our studies , Mr. Chairman , Edison Carter is , in fact , perfectly representative of the rocketing upward professional . He typifies the audience , which accounts for his popularity with it , but more importantly , if Edison Carter is against us , Neurostim will fail . Mr. Chairman , look upon this as a stringent field test for the Operation Serendipity software that has the added advantage of eliminating our most dangerous critic . Well , I- - I call that perfect amortization . Very good . Very good . This is good stuff , Bobbi . Uh , do those rewrites that we talked about and then let me see it again , all right ? Edison . Good job on that Neurostim story . Thanks a lot . I think there 's more to this thing than we originally thought . What do you mean ? Has it occurred to you that Zik-Zak 's stupid little bracelets could put Network 23 out of business ? I don 't understand . Suppose these things are as seductive as they seem . - Right . - They 're easy , - they 're cheap- - - Right . and they 're pure . They 're better than network television . You think the boys upstairs are worried ? Don 't bet on it . They 're probably sitting on their hands - counting the creds . - With their heads in the clouds while down here the advertising rug 's being pulled out from under them . Edison , view-phone line 4 . - Right . See you later . - Yeah . Max . You can speak to Edison . Something like , uh , sorry ? Pfft . That makes a lot of sense . He yells , I apolo-pologize ? Max , uh , people get irrational when their jobs are threatened . You know , you should be a little worried , too . If Network 23 disappears , where 's that going to leave Max Headroom ? Pittsburgh ? [ Kelly ] We just don 't think you 've given Zik-Zak a fair shake . You haven 't tried it yourself . This is beginning to sound like a very crude attempt to try and influence me . Oh , I was hoping it would sound like a very slick attempt to influence you . Edison Carter , who takes no one 's word for anything , trusts someone else to do the real work ? Hmm . Sounds like fear to me , dear boy . That 's a cheap shot . But an effective one . Look , Kelly- - It is Kelly , isn 't it ? Yes . Why don 't you save that garbage for your next Zik-Zak presentation , huh ? I know Neurostim is important . You 'd be pretty damned amazed at just how important I think it is . And I intend on trying it ... my way on my terms ... while I still have a job , of course . Carter will not cooperate . Oh , he 'll try Neurostim , all right . We just don 't know where or when . Then how will we reach him with our special program ? We 've , uh , already had this modeled , Mr. Chairman . Please watch . So you 're actually going to try Neurostim yourself . Sure . Millions have . Besides , how else am I going to know what it 's like ? You don 't set yourself on fire when you do a story on a burning building . I had no idea you cared so much about my torrid flesh . [ imitating Humphrey Bogart ] Besides , blue eyes , I got to do what I got to do . Then why are you so nervous ? [ Male announcer ] And introducing Neurostim ! It 's fun. it 's exciting . It puts you in the picture . - Try one today . - [ Chairman ] Mr. Kelly , how can you be sure that Edison Carter will get the Neurostim we 've designed for him ? We 've stationed one of our imaging sat cams over the city , and have programmed it to follow Carter exclusively . No matter where he goes , we 'll be there . And , uh , as you can see , Mr. Chairman , Carter is diverting , but we 're already far ahead of him . [ Woman 's voice ] Attention . There is a reward for the arrest of any Blank who answers the description of any known criminal . See your Metropolice for details . Repeat . There is a reward for the arrest of any Blank who answers the description- - [ Edison ] All right , Control . I 'm out far enough . Find me a Zik-Zak stand . [ chatter ] [ Theora ] Edison , I have a Zik-Zak franchise around the corner at 20 feet to your right . - Here goes . - Good luck . [ Man ] The guy says , " Don 't I know you from last night ? " I says , " Who was looking , Dracula ? " [ Woman ] Charlie , get a move on . My order 's getting cold . Hi . Welcome to Zik-Zak , home of the Burger Pak and the new free Neurostim . How may I serve you today ? Uh , give me a bacon and soy Burger Pak , uh , Crunch Fries , and a Neurostim bracelet . Yes , sir . [ twittering ] Uh , your order will be right up . Thanks . Congratulate your modelers for me . They said this would be Carter 's most likely stop . Let 's try a take , 23 . Finally . Rolling , Edison , in 5 ... I 'm standing in an ordinary Zik-Zak restaurant , much like any other in the city , waiting for my order and waiting for my first experience of Zik-Zak 's Neurostim promotion . One bacon and soy Burger Pak with fries , and one free Neurostim . Thank you for buying Zik-Zak . Come again . Without a doubt . He 's got it . Ha ha ! [ cough ] I 'm terribly sorry , Mr. Chairman . I- - Now , like any Zik-Zak customer , I 've got my lunch , and I 've got my ... Zik-Zak Neurostim bracelet , which I 'm going to try right now . [ speeded-up voice ] Zik-Zak . Well , I 'm not getting anything so far . I know what you need . I know what you want . I know just what you need . Uh- - See- - No . Edison ? Edison ! - Edison ! - Bring it back up to 1 . - Edison . - We have an emergency . - Sector 11 . - We 're- - We 're sending help . Come on , come on , come on . Come on ! [ Theora ] Edison ! [ Woman 's voice ] It 's the Rumorville program . All the hottest and latest dirt . Our top tidbit- - as the very famous Edison Carter walked away from his show . We 'll look into that and more after this word from Zik-Zak . I want you to check body banks now . Well , I 've checked all available sat cams , and so far there 's been no trace of Edison . Okay . We 're monitoring , uh , Metro Transport , hospitals , body banks . If he shows up anywhere like that , we should know . I have tried for six years to get Edison to do things my way . I have tried threats . I have tried bribery . I have tried reverse psychology . Nothing works . Bull-headed to the point of idiocy . That 's what makes him a great reporter . Yeah , I know that . Might I be of some assistance ? What ? What ? May I help you ? Uh , I suppose I 've come here for a reason . [ whimpering ] Tell me why . [ speeded-up voice ] Zik-Zak ! I know what you want . Yeah , you can help me . Come on . This is 100 % silk . This is- - That 's very nice . I like it . With your permission , Mr. Chairman , now that Edison Carter has been neutralized and Neurostim firmly established in the marketplace , we can stop the hemorrhaging of creds on Network 23 and proceed to the next phase of Operation Serendipity . You have my approval . Kelly , what will happen to Carter ? Well , he 's been exposed to an extra-strength Neurostim message , so he 's now compelled to buy and buy and buy , effectively forever . Uh , Carter must be rich . He does make very good money , Mr. Chairman , but he pays little attention to it , and compulsive shopping will lead him into the most unusual of situations , including ... physical danger . For years , I 've wanted to say " Goodbye , Edison Carter . " Today 's that day . This is English calico . Very , very rare and very , very comfortable . Nice color . This is a popular- - This is a popular synthetic blend . I like that . This is also a synthetic , not it 's not as- - No . That doesn 't hang well . Hmm . That . This . I want this . Oh , this is our most expensive ensemble . I 'm afraid you cannot afford this . Many , many creds . Saying I can 't afford this ? It is very- - What do you call this , this ? Is that what you want ? Both those ? Yes , sir . Very good , sir . This is somewhat out of season , but with the proper tailoring , it would be made quite , quite presentable . We could take it in a little- - Get your hands off me . Do you like padded shoulders ? We could keep the padded shoulders for you , or we could take them out as you wish . It looks very elegant on you , I might say . It looks very distinguished on you . I 'll take it . Will there anything else , Mr. Carter ? As some accent points , we have some very- - No . No . No , thank you . What 's this ? Some of our accessories . These can come in- - This . These can come also in different colors . We can have them in any color you wish . Oh , yes . Oh , yes . These are definitely you . You look very- - When 's the suit going to be ready ? Our tailoring program will have your jacket ready in five minutes . Too long , too long . Uh , I need a car , and I need the girl . I need the girl . Psst . Edison . Max , you have to follow me everywhere ? Edison , you need help-p-p . From you I need nothing . Nothing ! Ehh . I 'm afraid I 've got terrible news . From Ped Xing , Zik-Zak just pulled his company 's advertising , effective immediately . He can 't do that . We 've got a deal . He certainly can do that . There are option points throughout the whole contract . Did he say why , Ben ? His Neurostim program has been so successful , he decided to bypass network TV . Apparently , those little bracelets , which we thought were just a gimmick , are going to start giving customers advertising and entertainment . With almost total effectiveness . And Zik-Zak 's exclusive contract accounts for over 70 % of our gross revenues . We can replace some of it , but not enough and not quickly . I 'm well aware of that . Under the circumstances , we can no longer operate independently . I never thought I 'd say this . It 's the end of the world . [ chatter ] [ speeded-up voice ] Zik-Zak ! Man , are you lost . - Car . - A car ? I know the perfect place . Auto World . Nice shades . And the girl . Step this way . [ Female announcer ] Financial news leads our broadcast today . Giant Zik-Zak Corporation stuns the network TV community by canceling its multi-billion cred contract with Network 23 . The announcement sent Network 23 stock plummeting . We have a report from Frank Knight . It 's total conflict here at the Ad Market , where the shocking news of the Network 23 disaster spreads . Brokers are convinced that Zik-Zak 's Neurostim process makes network television obsolete . [ brokers shouting ] I 've been covering the Ad Market for three years , and I 've never seen anything like it . [ both ] Hey ! Auto World ! What makes you think that anybody here has a 30-year-old black Ferrari ? Who 's asking you , huh ? I 'm asking , your friend . Hey , friend , call me an optimist , huh ? Yeah ! Sully , my man . Sully ! Hey , Sully . Sully . - Sully . - Hmm . Yo , Sully . What 's happening ? Terrible news about that TV network , huh ? Same thing happened to my business- - uh , cars . Nobody makes nothing new anymore . We just recycle the old ones . Sully , it 's perfect . Tell you why it 's perfect . You 're in luck . I 'm after something old . I want an old Ferrari . What can you do ? Well , that could cost . Sully , come on , come on . Hey , come on . My credit 's good here . What do you call those , huh ? [ Man ] Hey , my man . Well . Money talks , Sully tries to walk . Step this way , my friend . [ laughing ] Sully tries to walk . Yay , yay , yay . Take a look at this one . Ha ha ha ha ! There . Sully , what is this ? What do you think I am , stupid ? Hey , that 's a- - that 's a Ferrari . What is this ? Come on . I thought you were my friend . This isn 't a Ferrari . This is garbage . Hey , hey , hey , hey . [ Sully ] Get that S.O.B. ! [ Man shouting ] His vidicam shows him leaving the restaurant , and then we just lose him . What about sat cams ? No , their resolution isn 't good enough to pick him up in a crowd without a transponder . I mean , he usually carries his vidicam . This may be a waste of time . Bryce , this is not just another experiment . Edison was testing the Neurostim bracelet , and- - and he just disappeared . He could be in real trouble . All right . Gosh . If Edison is involved with Neurostim , he may be- - He may be what ? He may be doing some compulsive buying . I 'm initiating a wide spectrum credit search . That 's all I can do at the moment . Okay . Thanks . God . I mean , if we find Edison , how are we going to get him back ? Well , it occurs to me one way to restore Edison 's original personality and override this Neurostim compulsion is to reinput his original synapses matrix . Get to the point , Bryce . The point is I can reprogram one of those Neurostim bracelets with Max ' memories , which are identical to Edison 's , and then feed them back into Edison . A jump start . Bryce , you 're brilliant . [ scoff ] What else is new ? [ Man ] He 's going down again . - Hey . - Oof ! Hey . They say that landing is the worst , my friend . Make sure you have your , uh , flaps down . Aah ! [ laughter ] Yes , Neurostim will- - will make you see everything differently- - differently . You bet your life . Grab his creds , wise guy , and leave him to die . [ Male announcer ] Now this late-breaking update . [ Female announcer ] A further bombshell from Zik-Zak . The biggest corporation in the world has announced that it is buying the number 1 TV network , a move made possible by the sudden drop today in the price of Network 23 stock . Industry analysts now see Zik-Zak 's Neurostim promotion as a clever ploy to allow the company to gain control of its most effective advertising outlet . This is Sergeant Compton of Metro South . We 've found Edison Carter alive . Thank God . Where is he ? He 's been beaten up and robbed , too , from what he says . Bryce , you getting this ? We ran him through med check and were going to bring him in for observation , - but he refused . - Typical Edison . We did get him to his apartment . You might want to have somebody drop in on him . - Murray . - I know . You 're going to Edison . - I 'll do what I can from here . - Okay . I 'll be with Bryce . Help him ? [ coughing ] I can 't get near him . Max , Edison is sick . You 're the only one that can save him . [ Ped Xing ] We have reason for much celebration today . Ahem . May I have your attention , please , gentlemen ? Thank you , gentlemen . Our honored chairman would like to speak . Since its invention , network television has proved to be the most effective means of mass persuasion ever invented . Even when its audience fragments , rates continue to go up and up . But no longer . Zik-Zak has purchased enough shares in Network 23 to place our representatives on a skeleton board . From now on , we control our own destiny . [ applause ] I 'm going to fall over dead the day I actually understand what you 're doing . Well , I 'm literally pumping Max ' memory banks back into Edison 's brain . [ growling ] I have to move this . Can I make some impro-ovements while I 'm in there ? I w-was thinking is ch-charm , dress sense , that kind of thing . You are to restore Edison to an original program and get out . Max , you 're going to have enough to worry about without improvising . Listen , I don 't know what that Neurostim program will do to your binaries . Remember , at this level , you and Edison are identical . Bryce , is this dangerous ? It could kill him . Okay , everybody ready ? Here goes . Aah ! Edison ! Edison ! Edison ! Edison ! Edison . Ohh . Bryce , is it still running ? Yeah , but Max is locked onto Edison . He has to handle it now . New c-car ? New clothes ? F-F-F-Fancy eyewear . Where 's the real Edison Carter gone ? He 's right here , enjoying himself . Whatever you say . Listen . List-Listen . Copying a program isn 't as easy as it looks-s . So don 't look . Just hold still . This will take a while . Take your time . Chairman Xing has designated me as his Zik-Zak representative on the Network 23 board . Uh , you may refer to me as Fortuna , And it is our intention to encourage you to operate with greater efficiency . We , however , have no plans to dismantle the Network 23 . That 's a relief . Gene , he 's lying . Ohh . Of course I am merely one member of the board , so my comments should be taken for what they are . Nevertheless , it is quite apparent from recent events that Network 23 is vulnerable . Therefore , we must take immediate steps to cut unnecessary overhead and configure for greater efficiency . Why doesn 't Ben do something ? He 's still chairman , isn 't he ? Zik-Zak research shows that none of Network 23 's programming , especially news , is properly targeted for efficient advertiser flow . I 've been saying that for years . Action ! Jeopardy ! Stakes ! This is what you have failed to deliver . And this is what the audience wants . How the hell do you know what people want ? We 've been at this for years , and we still don 't know . Sure , there 's a place for action . There 's a place for soaps , Edison Carter , too . We know our job is to sell . We like to inform , educate , and entertain along the way . You 're going to find that even Zik-Zak can 't sell yesterday 's Burger Pax , although I 'm sure you 're going to try . You want stakes ? The future of network TV is at stake here . Right now , it doesn 't look good . Good for you , Ben . Where 's Edison Carter anyway ? He 's good at taking care of people like this . Well , what is happening ? Well , if Edison 's still alive , I 'd guess he 's almost back to his old self . Look , I 'm terribly sorry you have to be put through all this . I don 't have to , you know . Oh , yeah , I forgot . Mind of your own . You really don 't understand why I got like that , do you ? I- - I know it 's nothing to do with me grab- - grab- - g-grabbing your air time . As a famous person once said-d-d- - I think it was me- - [ tires screech ] You see ? That 's just what I 'm talking about . You can 't be serious ! You crowd me . People look at me , and- - and they- - they can 't look at me without seeing you over my shoulder . You 're like a- - You 're like a twin brother that came to stay for a week and never left ! You follow me around . You 're always there , waiting to happen like a damn headache ! You block me . You 're always in my way . You get too close to me ! I can 't help being that cl-close and being a threat to you . A threat ? You ? Yes . Not- - Not- - Not because of what I say , not because I grab air time , but- - but because I exist . You said it yourself . I exist , and that 's enough-gh . That does not make you a threat ! It does if you can 't accept me . Accept us-s . Have you any idea what it 's like having a part of me competing against me ? And have you any idea what it 's like just being a part ? [ chuckle ] And not a very serious one . Yeah , well , you know me . Always goes straight for the jocular . [ Bryce ] He 's okay . Synapses restored in optimum . - You okay ? - Yeah . Who died ? Network 23 . You 're my agent , Dorothy . You can probably find something for me . I 'll talk to you later . You okay ? Yeah . Great . I take it you 've heard . Zik-Zak has wormed its way onto the board , and Cheviot has given up the ship . Very noble of you coming back aboard just as we 're about to go down . Murray , I 'm disappointed . Oh , come on . You 've tackled big stories before , but this is- - this is different . I mean , you can fight Zik-Zak , but you- - you 're not going to beat them . Huh . Maybe we can beat them without fighting them . Ultimately , there 's a limit to how much we can consume . Sooner or later , our money runs out . Sooner or later , our luck runs out . Sooner or later , we find out our eyes are too big for our own stomachs . The same rule applies to giant corporations that buy TV networks . Having eaten Network 23 , Zik-Zak is probably feeling its first pangs of indigestion right about now . Uh , Mr. Chairman . Uh , Mr. Chairman . I can have him off the air in five seconds if you just give me the word . Let 's not be too hasty . We have other problems . What is the word from Ad Market ? We are getting much resistance promoting our products . Ad Market reports that we 're finding it increasingly difficult to place spots on other networks , since they now see us as potential rivals . Our ratings for Porky 's Landing , Mr. Chairman , have flattened . It might have been a new low if not for the Max Headroom interruptions . However , the Edison Carter- - Enough ! The market forces are now at work . It 's obvious we cannot be advertisers and programmers . In digging for gold , we found worms . We await your orders , Mr. Chairman . Sell the Network 23 stock . Operation Serendipity is over . For now . Hi . Huh . Thank you . Now that was a bit more like the Edison Carter I know . Yeah . A bit more like him . Where 's Max ? Max ? I don 't know . I 'm surprised he didn 't interrupt . Yeah , I kind of had a feeling he wouldn 't . Closed-Captioned By J.R. Media Services , Inc . Burbank , CA
