 Never Travel On a One Way Ticket . You know how you wake up out of a dream ... where the dead were alive and the living were dead . The heart is gripped by an icy hand . You are very far away . At the wrong place at the wrong time . You 've walked into a trap . Become a tool for a complex plan ... that you 've executed and carriied out without your own knowledge . Should you then be proud or have a guilty conscience ? There is an external and an internal space . Everything that is outside your skin can belong to the external . I had dreamt of being bitten by a python . Bitten ... They don 't even bite , but squeeze their victims to death . But that had been very clear in the dream . I sat high up in a tree . All around was a lush green . The snake had come from behind . There was nothing to do . It was all according to nature . I was the defenceless victim . Hypnotised by the yellow eyes of the snake . It was peaceful , in a terrifying way . And I longed to go back . Have you considered that there are two ways to see man ? And that both of them are equally true ? The fiirst is that man is robust and adaptable and can live a long happy life under seemingly unbearable circumstances . This is the second : Man spends his entire life sufering from painful childhood memories that cannot be argued away . Existence becomes , more than anything else , a longing for release . Dear friends , there will be even harder times , after us . But there can still be call to tell this story of an investigator a bitter person , quite similar to fiigures in our contemporary tales of crime and punishment . A researcher , a mole , who digs his way through fact and fiiction constantly wondering , rarely understanding . Always broke . Jobs are few and far between , even if something usually turns up to keep it all afloat for another a little while . Being single , without any connections - - I was only entitled to a small one room apartment . I had had connections , but they had weakened . Why live on in this dificult time ? There was nobody who could answer the question . Beloved son , look after this weapon . Use it only as needed . You know what I mean . Care for it with oil and love . Your Dad . Statistics have shown time and again that life is just not possible . Not in these conditions . And people kept on defying the statistics stubbornly alive , if somewhat hollow-eyed . If the rats can do it , so can we . The cats may be partying up there but you can 't reach us down in the sewers . You don 't know anything about us . Shit always floats to the top . You may be smart , but that doesn 't mean you 're admired . You are hated . You sit in your 4-room flats ... with silk-dressed women and brimming pantries ... trusting that your doormen will do their jobs . But you 've forgotten something : Even cleanliness stinks . One day the maggots will hatch in the middle of your nice living rooms . His office was in a block where small companies rented space . Pottery repairers and whores , gender surgeons and bone doctors . Blacksmiths and salesmen for occult ideas . Pedants side by side with enthusiasts . They all shared one trait : they hadn 't got any further than here ... but hadn 't gone bankrupt either . If your hand seduces you , cut it of . It is better to continue your life as a cripple ... than to keep both hands and arriive in Hell . To the fire that cannot be put out . And if your foot seduces you , slice it away . It is better that you live with a limp ... than to keep them both and be cast ... I 'm sure you all recall Hassan The Great ... the illusionist with so many unusual tricks . He has often been a guest on our program . Hassan has surprised the world by becoming a scientist ... and as head of a team of prominent colleagues in the natural sciences ... he has had sensational results . There is no question that he will win awards for his discoveries . Maybe the biggest award of them all . How about this machine ... which conquers all distances between the continents ? Here we have the subject of an experiment , a true volunteer ... placed in the transmitter on this side of the globe . The Earth is round , as we all know . We are witnessing our friend in the cabinet being teletransported ... to a receiving station very far away , on the other side of Earth ... at the same moment as he disappears from the transmitter . Our friend here seems a bit shaken . But it is not the actual procedure ... which has made his legs weak and his throat dry . See his eyes . Are they not shining with joy ? Finally , after a hard life . Look around , mankind . Your friends and neighbours live as if they have learnt nothing . They are indifferent to everything in their environment . But you don 't let yourself be discouraged . You have awakened . You have seen an offer and responded to it ... and you have been allowed to travel far . You still have your humanity , you still have your curiosity . Having something to discover is worth a great deal , isn 't it ? What do you see ? Is this really paradise ? There can be no doubt about it . You have achieved your dreams . And how is this achieved technically ? " Simple , dear friend " , says Hassan . We may not quite agree , but this is what a layman can comprehend : Molecules are dissolved , something seen as deadly ... before Hassan discovered the formula ... that keeps each of us whole in every life , every day a concept of transferrial that no one had previously dared consider . Split second molecule transfer from one part of the world to another ... is such a success that it is a grand breakthrough for science ... and for all of mankind . Many volunteers have been sent to remote places like Papua ... Peru , the Balkans and the north of Japan . Of course , southern Japan can not be visited , for obvious reasons . First we attempted sending items , which came through perfectly . Transporting people was the next step and now the whole world is open . Maybe even other worlds that we haven 't yet discovered . Dear viewer , liberation awaits . Thou cometh from below , I cometh from above . Thou art of this world , I am not of this world . A toast to you , all of you . Horses , tanned women and champagne . I have you on a wall chart , but where is it ? Leave me alonei . The sweet , pungent almond smell of honeysuckle under the pale stars of a summer twilight ... reminds me of blonde women . Blonde , sinful women with dark eyebrows ... above half-closed , tempting eyes . Glimmering through the soft black eyelashes . How about returning to the womb ? That 's a great idea . Fabulousi . To just crawl in . That 's how it should be . The wind blows where it wants ... - ... and you hear its whisper . - I want to go home . You don 't know where it comes from or where it 's been . Just up the steps and to the right . - Behind the fence . - Home ? A lump of molecules wanting to go home . What difference does it make ? Lie here and rot like me , it 's wonderful . You can forget . Do you know if there is anything on the other side ? On the other side of the fence , I mean ! The wind blows where it wants ... and you hear its whisper . But you don 't know where it comes from ... or where it has been . - Give me some water . - No . You can 't lay here . Bastard ! - I noticed . - You 're behind on the rent . We may have to recover it . Besides , there 's vermin in the space where you are . Whatever you do there . It doesn 't seem to be very profitable . My office doesn 't have more vermin than any other space , like this one . I 'm just trying to be decent . I can 't do more than that . It can 't wait any longer . If you don 't pay right away , you 'll be reported . Don 't you dare ! You can 't treat me however you like ! - Ow , don 't hurt me ! - I have been waiting for this ! You snooping , chattering cockroach ! I am a sick man . I must have blood , or else I will die . All I am asking for is some blood . Only a few drops . But the doctor just keeps making promises . Help me . Pursued . Will return at three o 'clock . Let us in . Please . Now . Right away . Yes , indeed . We 've heard that there 's vermin here . - Shall I take that one ? - No . I 'll take care of it . We 're not happy with what we 've seen here today . Not happy at all . - We weren 't being completely honest . - Not completely . The truth is completely diferent . - You say it . - Me ? As you wish . We happen to be speech therapists . We are here to teach you to speak clearly . That 's our job . More clearly than ever . You haven 't told us what we wanted to hear . - Where is she ? - Did she say anything ? He has a sensitive nature , it seems . But he doesn 't speak very well . Let 's see if he has a tongue . Say something . Please . Otherwise , you might make me sad . Could you do me the kindness of snipping this of for him ? Yes , it 's sad . Soon he may no longer have a tongue in his mouth ... nor head or feet . Or hands . Are you the one who investigates for pay ? - The lnvestigator ? - You could say that , yes . I was going to ... I was going to ask your help with something . It 's about ... I left a message earlier . Have you read it ? Her skirt was made from a thick , green fabric ... like the kind that once covered the tables in the pool halls . It was so taut in the front ... that rounding of the mons veneris was almost hidden . Or so she thought . He had X-ray vision for that kind of thing . His imagination was already there ... fondling under the prim , green fabric . Continue . I 'm listening . That 's what I get paid for . It 's all somewhat complex . Very complex . I don 't know ... I really don 't know where to begin . I think you should begin at the beginning . We have plenty of time . Actually , it began when I was a baby ... His conscience wasn 't clear now . He should have sensed the danger . She had been nervous on arriival , and not without reason . He should have pulled her onto the floor before it happened ... and protected her with his own body . But he wasn 't quick this morning ... and his intuition had completely failed him . But whoever had spent so much explosive power on them ... had failed in their primary purpose . They were both alive . The fiirepower had been wasted on the building itself . Her skirt was thick enough to stop some shrapnel , but the blouse ... He was overcome by a weakness akin to poetry ... and felt entirely unable to move in any direction . What the hell ? What the ... ? What are you doing in here ? Get out ! Stop ! You cannot behave this way ! You will have to pay damages ! Stop ! He didn 't even feel the fall . After a while , his sight returned , at least . " June 3rd " said the note that had fluttered by . Evidently , this was the kind of day when he was a helpless victim ... of powers working in different directions . If his will power couldn 't keep him afloat ... he would have to be prepared to be torn asunder . But he was not completely without hope . His training had taught him ... about the construction of the city 's various levels . He had the plans in the back of his head . The restaurant June 3rd was named for that great day 12 years ago ... when the local produce had been approved for human consumption . Leave now . You have to go right away . You know you can 't be here . - I 'm staying here . - Get out of here . I 'll stay . I 'm waiting for an acquaintance . You know you cannot stay . Leave this place immediately . I 'm waiting here , I said . - Don 't you understand me ? - I 'm staying here . - I 'm about to lose my temper . Leave . - No ! - You can 't be here , I 'm telling you . - I 'm staying . - You have to leave now . - I 'm waiting for an acquaintance . You have to leave . - Acatamaran with gravy . - I 'm telling you I 'll wait here . I 'm staying here . No ! Leave now . We need your help . Can you hide us ? Alright . Follow me . I used to work for my uncle , Hassan the Great . - He was an illusionist . - I 've seen him on TV . I was his favourite . I would sit on his knee on the veranda at sunset . There has to be an emergency exit . Come on . Hassan was wonderful , but the family fell on bad times ... he had money troubles and started making strange plans . Come on . He pulls the wool over the audience 's eyes completely . - I 'm listening . Continue . - Teletransportation is a hoax . I don 't know what happens to them , but I suspect it 's horrendous . It was easy for my uncle . He often used similar effects on stage . Cabinets where people would be moved . There were hidden doors and mirrors . Very simple , but it worked well . There have to be more reasonable explanations than simple trickery . It was really easy . He used identical twins . The audience believed it completely ... since everyone had a longing for that kind of thing . Imagine if it had been true . You 'd be able to go anywhere you wanted . Why hope for such impossibilities ? Hassan has understood the need to escape . My need and everyone else 's . What do you want from me ? You came to my office , but did you really have a case for me ? If that 's the case , I would like to discuss the terms . I 'm completely worn out , dirty to my very core , and we 're being pursued . If you don 't tell me what this is about ... you 'll have to fend for yourself . I 've told you ! My uncle tricks people into cabinets they never come out of ! Yes , but where is the case in this ? You 've uncovered it all on your own . So accuse him , your beloved uncle Hassan on whose knee you once sat . Go to the district attorney . Obvious crimes tend to be prosecuted . He can buy any person he wants to . I fear for my life . What happens to the people in the cabinets ? Where do they go ? - That 's your case . - Come . To paradise . To paradise . To paradise ... To paradise ... If he could stand up , he should be able to see what a man wants : Girls in veils . Friendly girls who are soft , smiling and servile . Preferably a harmonious number . Three or fiive of them ... Combing each other . Whispering , fidgeting ... Waiting for a man to caress , serve and whisper to . The idea was for him to believe that he really was in Heaven . The Heaven of the Hashashim . That what was happening to him was paranormal , not earth bound . That this was where he would get to go , if he just behaved . This was a sample , a store display . He was also drugged , so that the sets wouldn 't be too noticeable . But he had not forgotten his training , what his Dad taught him . But they seemed to have forgotten ... that they weren 't dealing with an amateur . An experienced investigator doesn 't indulge in dreams among sets . It didn 't look like real water , but his throat was dry . And , indeed , it was white wine . It would be wonderful to just give in . To sink down to the soft ground and just exist . One night is just like the other . And the stars come closer each day . Utter corruption was a possibility ... and soon after that , an actual fact . He felt that they were approaching the terriible core . The contract itself . He understood the situation all too well . " Sign this in blood or spirit ... " " ... or all of it will end . " Life is a walk in a corriidor made of glass . You can see in all directions , but not go where you want to . You can escape from this existence , but it takes a very long time . Maybe more than an entire lifetime . But it 's said that the soul can leave the body for a while . You have to fiind a phrase , a liberating solution . The trapped feelings have to get out ... and they take it as their right to do so . The shell cracks , deceitful scents of flowers spread . The soul travels alone . Maybe that is the true personality , maybe it is a demon . The return is painful and the crack remains . A human being can 't play at being God without consequences . That requires both resources and preparation . And even so , it is uncertain to succeed . A price must be paid . Maybe much later . Someone seems to have decided to pay that price . Where have you been ? Tell me . In a dream . But I wasn 't sleeping , I was awake . - But where were you ? - In an artificial paradise . Beautifully built . It had possibilities . - Did the wine taste good ? - I would have preferried it drier . Maybe that applies to the woman as well ? Where is the girl now ? We have formed an exploratory committee with the district attorney . Let us keep playing now . Hassan sensed that The lnvestigator was bluffing ... but was still going to let him live a bit longer . Finally for everyone . Finally for everyone . Hey ... Listen . " Finally for everyone ! Heat , air and food . " " Wide open spaces cleared for farming and construction . " " Tele ... Teletransportation directly from all major cities ... " " ... at a pittance of a cost . " " New techniques has made it possible to heat the South Pole ... " " ... a vast area that previously was just snow and ice . " " Now an area of green pastures , grazing cattle and singing birds . " " Act today , while the best land is still available . " To be believed , he needed better evidence . He knew that he 'd soon have to get back down into the tunnels . First he needed a device that could make evidence tangible : a camera . First he needed a device that could make evidence tangible : a camera . He stayed away from his office , which was sure to be watched . But there was something they didn 't know about : Dad 's cabin . Dad had been a unique character ... who had built himself " A Rogue 's Hideout " out by the northern dump . Using available material , he had constructed a hovel ... which might still be there , under the garbage . I know you 're under here somewhere ! Dad ! We never talked to each other enough . Dad , where are you ? His old tunnel was still there . He had always been drawn to private hideouts . Sometimes , studying old plans had shown abandoned sewers ... and other cavities underneath the buildings . Next to one of Hassan 's teletransportation wards ... there was one of these tunnel systems . He had some unpleasant premonitions . And of course there was the danger of a cave-in ... but he had an almost unfailing sense of the fiirmness of materials . He was comfortable in tunnels ... and felt the protection ofered by a thick layer of dirt and tile . - What the hell are you doing here ? - The lnvestigator is dead . - What do you mean ? - What was I supposed to do ? This building is my responsibility . - What is that ? - It 's for The lnvestigator . - Give it to me ! - I am the new investigator . I told you to give it to me ! I am a sick man . I must have blood , or I will die . The doctor just keeps promising . The lnvestigator ... I have connections ! We could ... You and I . That 's him . The lnvestigator ! The cemetery remained where it had always been ... because of the inhabitants ancient habits , now forgotten . The garbage dump was expanding , encroaching on the graves . Time for the old to give way for that which is necessary . The evidence was still only an image on his own retina . He 'd had Lipmann 's emulsion in the camera ... even though he knew it wasn 't light sensitive enough . It was as if something inside him was impeding rational behaviour . His destination was a hotel room in the so-called pleasure district . He had his doubts as to how genuine its pleasures actually were . Since noses have been known to grow as old age approaches ... he thought he saw a possible older self in the make-up mirrior ... before he started his walk . There 's something restive about anonymous hotel rooms . It 's the one place to fiind the peace of the soul one desires . A place of murders , struggles and thousands of nervous fucks . Even so , there was an hypnotic calm about this kind of room . Maybe because he right then and there could be just anyone . She would bring the evidence in the form of three microdots . Each one a quarter of a millimetre in diameter . They would be well hidden ... and her disguise would be suited for this particular hotel room . She was to look like a whore . The handover would happen internally . He had painted the tip with a magnetic liquid ... to attract the dots , made of incredibly thin metal . - You think you can handle this ? - I 'm not a child any more , Uncle . You know I have a soft spot in my heart for you . Let me handle this my way . Trust me , Uncle Hassan . - I 'm here now . - I have waited a long time . I was delayed . Forgive me . Never mind , little girl . You are welcome all the same . - What does Sir request ? - Nothing special , just the usual . Everyone says that . I would like to suggest something extra . Something extra ? With pleasure ! An enchanting sight . Come closer and let me ... Slow down , little one . Stop it ! Don 't go there ! It 's a trick ! All of it is fake ! Fake ! Settle down . Stop it ! Did you bring food supplies ? Do you really think food will grow just because you do some digging ? We 'll be fine . We 've been promised the best land ... if we open the tailor shop again when we 're done farming . It 's wonderful to get away from this life . There won 't be any farming . Listen to me , it 's all fake . Yes , you 'll get away from this life , but in that other way . He 's jealous . He doesn 't seem to have done very well . We cannot lend you any money . It 's all gone . You will be exterminated ! - You 're right . They 're very jealous . - Listen to me ! No , you listen . First you say that it 's a hoax ... and then you say that we will get away from this life . Speak clearly . I won 't say what we did to get the money , but we 've paid the tickets . - In cash . - So what can happen to us . Cash . It 'll be lovely . - Where are they ? - What ? - The microdots . Can you see them ? - I can 't see a thing . It 's too dark . What do you mean ? There 's nothing to see , is there ? It couldn 't have existed . - Wait , there 's someone outside . - Answer my question . Answer me ! He had been blind as a mole , but now he had the right eyes . That was the end , biologically speaking . But it had been more about an idea than a biological certainty . There had never been any real harmony . His closeness to her had not been complete . Far from it . And he had never been able to give it his all . That goal wasn 't clear enough . Whereas the other thing , solving the problem ... deciphering the great conspiracy ... that 's what had been important . He 'd thought about it wrong , but it makes no difference . There is an urge to think about concrete projects ... and avoid digging into diffuse demands . The Theory of Relativity was wrong right now , as usual . He thought again about the hotel room . A large brown mirrored dresser . Something flickers by in frame : a white kimono . That was the last of this existence . Time for a new one . He didn 't mean it in any religious sense . It was about a sense of time . You know how you wake up out of a dream ... where the dead were alive and the living were dead . The heart is gripped by an icy hand . You are very far away . At the wrong place at the wrong time . You have walked into a trap . Become a tool for a complex plan ... that you 've executed and carriied out without your own knowledge . Should you then be proud or have a guilty conscience ? John E Thelin OrdioViision , 2006
