 Translation and subtitles by PEPPER LALASPAIN * * * SONG LIVES FOR EVER * * * Who are you ? Your mother was my friend . What do you want from me ? ! I wanna help you . I 'll bring you the alien , the creature , the being , right on your table . You really are my father . Yes . Do you think we 'll ever find my mum ? We 'll find her . Merry Christmas ! Merry Christmas , Ma 'am ! ( - Oh , it 's cold ) ( - Yeah . ) All done ? Let 's go get some lunch . I have to get into another line . Ha , ha , ha ! Anything for me ? Yeah , you take the bills . Oh ! What 's wrong ? I have to go home . They sent you a letter ? Not my home , Paul Forrester 's home . What ? Listen , Dear Paul , It 's very important that I see you . You know I wouldn 't ask if it weren 't , so please try to make it home for Christmas . I 'm counting on you . Thank you . Love , mother . This is typed up . Anybody could have sent this . It 's got a name printed on the paper . Stella Forrester . Fox works for the Government , I mean , they print the money , they can sure share cash for stationary printing . You don 't know the first thing about Forrester 's mother , I mean , you 'll never pull it off . She needs her son . Besides , there 's not place like home for the holidays . But you don 't even know them ! Wouldn 't you come and see me if I needed your help ? Of course ! You 're my father ! Would you help me even if I weren 't your father ? You have a talent for unfair questions , you know ? Right there , ten dollars even . Great car . I can get you a couple thousand for it . Are you interested in selling it ? No , thanks . This is just what we need . Can you tell me how to get to 211 Union Street ? Yeah , go down two stop lights and take a left . Thank you . Everything OK , Ted ? Hey , Dave ! How is it going ? Who is that ? Looks familiar . Not from around here . He wanted to know how to get out to Stella Forrester 's place . Paul Forrester . Gotta bring her something , I mean , that much I know . Can 't show up empty-handed . Especially this time of the year . OK , I 'm convinced . Have you got any ideas ? Antiques , old folks love antiques . Can I see that ? It 's from the 1890 's . A face of a man on the moon , it was very popular then . And it has that little star there . It was an earring originally but since there 's only one , I had it made into a keyring . I know just who should have this . How much ? In the spirit of Christmas , I can let you have it for 50 dollars . Out of my league , thanks . Why is it that all the good stuff is always so expensive ? That 's a universal law . Flowers ! You can 't miss with flowers , women love flowers I don 't know why but they go nuts over them . Oh , I can explain it to you but I think you 're too young . ( Anyway , they 're waiting outside ) - Howdy , boys ! - Hi ! Is it ponsetta or poinsietta ? Poinsettia . It 's your traditional Christmas plant . And at 9,95 it 's a real good deal . That 's nice ! We 'll take it . Out of 20 . You want it delivered ? We deliver . No , we 'll take it ourselves . We 're going to Stella Forrester 's . That 's just up the street , isn 't it ? You boys are buying that for Stella Forrester ? You know her ? Not many people in this town don 't . It 's on the house . On the house ? That woman has done more for Ironwood than the people can ever repay . Just tell her Milt said Merry Christmas . Oh ! Thanks , Milt , Merry Christmas ! Here , let me put a nice ribbon on that . Ironwood . That 's a nice place to be from . ( - Hold that ! ) ( - I don 't know ) Well , well , well ... Paul Forrester . Well ... Officer Winfield . I guess it doesn 't surprise me but I always thought you were destined for bigger stuff . Isn 't this kind of slim pickings ? These boys didn 't have anything to do with it , Dave , and you know it as well as I do . You know who 's responsible ! And if you don 't stop it pretty quick , somebody 's gonna get hurt ! I 'd like to take you apart right this minute . But I 'll tell you what , In the spirit of the holiday season , I 'm gonna give you til Christmas Day , If you are not out of town on the 26th I 'm gonna shove that smile down your commy pinko throat . I get the feeling I know that guy . Leave the flowers here . We 'll get them later . You don 't want your hands full when you say hello . Besides , we may have to run for it . Now , my approach would be to have as many distractions as possible so that she doesn 't notice that you 're not her son , like for example , if we brought a string elephants and tigers ... I got this act down , trust me . Dad , it 's one thing to fool a cop you haven 't seen in years but I mean , it 's a lady , she 's your ... It 's his mother , I don 't understand how you can be so cool . I 'm not so cool . I have blue birds in my stomach . Yeah , you and me both . We should hang in you and blow this bird . We 're not gonna " hang in you " and we 're not gonna blow this bird . til we meet Pauls ' mother . My mother . Good luck ! You certainly deserve it . Yes ? Mother ? It 's me ! Paul ! What the hell are you doing here ? I got your letter . What letter ? What are you talking about ? I came home because you asked me to . You said you needed me . I never asked you to come here . But I got this . Not from me ! Then you don 't want to see me ? As long as you are here , why don 't you come in and ... take your things ? Sure , that 's a good idea . That way , neither of us will have to worry about you coming back . Your stuff 's in the attic . The attic ? You didn 't expect to come back and find everything where you left it , did you ? I suppose not . Where do you want this wood , Stella ? It 's me . Paul . Hal Walker . I guess you 're a little surprised to see me here . No ! Erm ... No . By the way you looked , I wasn 't sure . You may not approve but your mum and me ... We mean a lot to each other . You don 't have to explain anything to him . If he had anything to say , he should have said it 17 years ago . 17 years ? Has it been that long ? Why don 't you just ... go up and take what you want and get out ? I wanna talk to you . Dad , we don 't need all this stuff . Let 's just hit the road , OK ? What did he say ? He said we don 't need all this stuff . Don 't sass me , Paul Forrester . What did he call you ? Dad . Scott called me Dad . He 's my son . You must favor your mother . It 's ... It 's getting late . You and your son might as well stay for dinner . We 'd love to . Why is my mother acting like this ? That 's easy . She 's not your mother and you 're not her son , she 's probably figured all that out by now . She 's rejecting her son and me . The question is why . That was Milt Linden . He 's pretty upset about the window . That makes three . When folks are afraid of losing their jobs they get restless , Good . I don 't approve of it . I 'm gonna put a stop to it but I understand it . What are you doing ? Refreshing my memory about a bad penny that just turned up in town . Paul Forrester ? - Stella Forrester 's kid ? - Yeah . The big magazine photographer . Flag burning ? I don 't get it . What 's the big deal ? Why don 't they make you punks learn something about history ? Run this guy through the computer , see if there 's old warrants or speeding tickets . I need an excuse to bust him . ( You all busy , buddy ) Why couldn 't you have the good sense to let the past stay buried ? You know I was just trying to help you sweetheart , you know this ... thing between you and your son What 's between Paul and me has suited both of us . Just fine for a long time . We don 't need no goat like you telling us what to do . Correct ? I 'm not sure . You haven 't changed an iota , have you ? If I said it was night , you would have put on sunglasses . Excuse me . No offense but that mother of yours could give stubborn lessons to a mule . Now , if I put my put in it , I apologize but it just didn 't seem right . that you two don 't make up . It 's not as easy as you think . Oh , too much pride , huh ? Let me tell you something . You got to be my age , You 're gonna look back and see what pride cost you . Then you 'll wonder maybe , was it worth it . Just think about that . I will . Ah ... We got these for you . I was afraid they 'd catch a cold in the car . It needs water . Thank you , Scott . It 's lovely . The man at the flower shop said to wish you a Merry Christmas . and he also said that you 've done more for this town than anybody else . Some people say I 've done too much . I 'll just go back inside . No , no wait a minute . What grade are you in ? Ninth . How you doing ? Not bad , erm ... badly . Do ninth-graders still read ? Or does the whole class just sit in front of a big television set ? I 've finished reading the " The Catcher in the Rye " , I liked it . Oh , you enjoy books . How novel . That was a good one . Novel books , good pun . You enjoy music too ? Yeah ! Yeah , I ... I love Mozart . Well , I 'm into the Stones myself . You 're kidding ? Hey , check this out . Why would she keep one mitten if the other one is lost ? By the looks of this place , she saved everything Paul Forrester ever touched . I guess you 're right . This sock doesn 't have a mate either . That 's because it 's a Christmas stocking . She probably made it ... To hang by the chimney with care . I knew that . Well , I 'm never sure . You had a Christmas stocking ? I guess I had one , once . But you kind of outgrow that stuff , you know ? I guess the fat man is gonna have to give your presents to someone else then Well , it doesn 't have to be all fancy like that , I mean ... in an emergency , any sock will do . You understand ? Hmm . Ha , ha , ha ! Kind of a scrawny looking kid . Not so scrawny . Well , I guess for you it 's like reading the history of your body . You can read the history of a body in the body , if you know where to look . I 'm trying to find out what happened between Paul and his mother . Bingo . This doesn 't make any sense . These are probably peace protesters . Erm , what happened was there were a lot of people who didn 't think our country should be fighting a war . And so they had rallies , You know , the cops are coming , bobbed them on the head . I 've only read about this stuff , I 'm probably not explaining it very well . You 're explaining it very well . It just doesn 't make any sense . What happened doesn 't make any sense . Well , when Forrester got involved with this , his parents must have freaked . They probably kicked him out and told him never to come back . 17 years is a long time not to come back . It took you 14 . Hal 's picking me up in a few minutes . I don 't suppose it matters to either of you but , Sunday still means something to some people . Yeah , Sundays ! Big dinners , Color newspapers , the sports on television ... And Church . Oh yeah , that too . Don 't tell you 're going to Church now . - Sure ! - All the time ! Well ! Don 't be late . Your hair is sticking out the back , Scott . As the tiny hand of the infant reached out from the manger nearly 2000 years ago . It touched the world with a spirit of peace and forgiveness . We celebrate that same spirit here today , and the lesson is the same , love thy neighbor as thyself . Oh , Lord , in the spirit of this Holy Season , let forgiveness be our Christmas gift to each other . ♪ O Come All Ye Faithful , ♪ ♪ Joyful and triumphant , ♪ ♪ O come ye , ♪ ♪ O come ye to Bethlehem . ♪ - Nice sermon , Reverend . - Thank you . Very - Hi , Sam , Vera ? This sermon was very moving , Reverend but what 's happened in this town , ain 't no fairy-tale . And it ain 't gonna have no fairy-tale ending . Sam , it 's Christmas . Sam , let 's go home . Not til I say what 's on my mind . If that referendum passes , the mill is just gonna shut the doors . and we 're gonna have trouble in this town like you 've never seen . Sam , for Heaven 's Sakes ! That referendum only says you got to stop using Sutter Creek like a sewer It does not make sense to go on poisoning your own drinking water ! Linden , I 've heard about enough out of you ... Sam Iverson , stop it ! It 's Christmas , for Heaven 's Sake . You two boys have known each other since you were in diapers . We 've had hard times before but we 've always pulled together , found a way out of our troubles . Merry Christmas . Come on . How can this town come apart like this ? He didn 't mean anything he said against you personally , Stella . Oh , I don 't blame Sam , he 's afraid of losing his job . But if we don 't stop pulling in different directions , we 're gonna pull this town apart . That is incredible . There 's nothing to it , just flour and eggs . I can make you a good fresh-baked pancake cooker in about ten minutes . Are you serious ? I mean , I can do this by myself ? I expect you could , you know , I got a busy day today Wanna come ? No , I gotta do something . What are you doing ? I 'm gonna round up a few old souls , who remember this town the way it was . Back when we used to care for each other and we 'd all pitch in and tried to make things better . And then what ? Well , there 's a town meeting tonight . and I 'm gonna see if an old woman can breathe some life into this town . Before it dries up and blows away . I gotta go . You sure change gears in a hurry . Thanks for the breakfast . Anytime ! Good morning ! What happened to Scott ? Gone with the wind . He didn 't get that from any stranger , did he ? Like son , like father . You have anything to put in under this ? Pancakes . He 's a nice boy . Don 't know how it happened exactly but , he is , nonetheless . Scott said that someone was here looking for me . A fellow from Washington about three months ago . I told him the last place on Earth that he could expect to find you was here . You 're in trouble , aren 't you ? Yes . Same old charge from 1969 ? I thought so . Well , you father never forgave you , I know that . Seems like the Government would have dropped it after all these years . What about you , Stella ? Why can 't you forgive me ? I never gave a damn about those charges , you know it . I stood up for you through the whole business . It 's not what sticks in my craw . Sit down and drink some juice . You waste a lot that way , Scott . That 's just what your father used to do . I did ? Ha , ha , ha ! Hark the herald angels sing . I thought you 'd gotten lost in the attic . It wasn 't in the attic , it was in the basement like I told you in the first place . What , come on , come on , I haven 't got all night . Don 't blow a casket . - There ! - Ta-da ! Well , I 'll got and get the dinner started . Yeah , I grated the carrots and I bought those raisins you told me to get . Oh , good . Scott . Let 's go for a walk . But it 's almost dinner . Then we 'll make it a short one . You like Stella a lot , don 't you ? Yeah , I know it sounds crazy but it 's almost like she 's really my grandmother . I like her too . I 'm glad we had a chance to meet her . I can 't change Paul Forrester . What he did . I can only try to understand it before it 's too late . Too late for what ? Paul Forrester died before the wound between them healed . But if I hurry , I can make peace between them before Stella dies . What are you saying ? She 's not even sick . Yes , she is . No mistake ? Why are you crying ? Someone I care about is gonna die ! Don 't they cry where you come from when somebody dies ? No , they don 't . Why not ? Where I come from it 's ... it 's just simpler . Take your favourite book , " The Catcher in the Rye " Yes , so ? When you 're reading the book , you enjoyed it , but you 're finished you weren 't happy and you weren 't sad . You were just finished with that book . You understand ? No , when I like a book , I want it to go on for ever , I don 't want it to end . But what you like about that book does go on for ever . because it became a part of you . I know I couldn 't explain it . Well , it 's kind of hard to think about what to get somebody if you haven 't seen them for a long time . Yeah but Stella won 't care . It isn 't the gift , it 's the idea behind it . My Goodness ! She 's happy that you 're back . I 'm not so sure about that . Believe me , if she wasn 't so stubborn , she 'd admit it . Look . You sure turned out different than I expected . In fact , it 's hard to match up what I see with what I heard . Wow ! Look at all this interesting stuff . Maybe there 's something in here . You can buy her a nice diamond ring . I know that with the inflation it might rent 800 to 900 dollars but ... It would certainly be appropriate , wouldn 't it ? I thought that diamonds were for weddings . You really don 't know what I 'm talking about , do you ? 17 years is a long time . But it 's hard to believe that you could forget how you got your first camera . How Stella hocked her engagement ring to get it for you . Oh yeah , yes , of course . That 's how I got started , I mean Stella had to sell her ring . I 'd be a lawyer or something stupid like that . Look at that . It 's the size of a credit card . How can they make a radio that small ? Well , actually ... Ahmm ... - Elves . - Huh ? Tiny little elves . Elves ? What is it , Paul ? Oh , it 's about Stella not being well . I thought you knew ! Isn 't that why you wrote ? I wanted you to make peace , that 's why I wrote . Now , it 's obvious Dave can 't handle the job . Just a damn minute , Cecil . You won 't do anything , Dave because you side with them yourself You wanna blame me and Art Luanne for something that people of the mill are bringing on themselves . Hold on a minute ! The people of the mill didn 't do anything like that at Al ! Could we cut ? Merry Christmas , everyone ! Merry Christmas ! Merry Christmas , everyone ! Alright , hold it down , please . Stella , you 've got the floor . I 'm old enough to remember most of you when you were throwing things at each other in a sandbox . And I don 't see a whole lot of progress for all your years of experience . Well , there used to be a time when we could get together once in a while and set aside our squabbles and ... well , lend each other a hand . Christmas used to mean something in Ironwood . Is this about that damned tree ? Yes , Sam , it 's about that damned tree . We don 't throw away old things and old ways for free . There 's always a loss . And if the City Council can 't come up with a few hundred dollars to light up that tree , well ... Things are starting to go one by one . ( No , we ain 't got to call it a day ) Ah ! Stella ? Stay with her , I 'm gonna get Doctor Courtley Don 't leave me , Hal . You hang in there , darn it ! You are gonna see that Christmas tree lit if I have to set it on fire . ( What a shame ) What was it like when you were a little girl , Stella ? Well , they 'd come in from all over the County , On some buggy , you know ? And everybody 'd pitch in . You 'd see folks that you hadn 't seen since Easter . It took a whole day to decorate that tree and it was a lot smaller then . We used to snatch those candy canes off the lower branches of the tree faster than old folks could hang them up . I remember it so well . Where does all that time go ? If only folks had some idea how quick time goes . Maybe they 're waiting for you to set the example . What do you mean ? How can you expect them to forgive each other if you can 't even forgive your own son ? This doesn 't seem fair , does it ? I know what you mean . We 've known her for such a short time . I know she 's a tough old lady , maybe she 'll pull through . You don 't believe that , do you ? No . Get ready , a few more strokes ! Maybe this would wake up some of the jack-asses around here . We ain 't gonna have no Christmas ? They ain 't either ! We should just be glad that we got a chance to meet her at all . I know . Thank you for twisting my arm . You sure have taken me to some interesting places . That 's what life 's for ! How could they ? Hey Dave ! A couple of nuts just cut down the big tree out front ! - What are you talking about ? - Come on ! Take a look ! Looks like you got Christmas mixed up with April 's Fools , Lonnie . I could have sworn ... Special delivery for Stella Forrester . Goodness ! What 's all this ? This is just the first load , I gotta go down to the flower shop and get more ! I 've been working for Mister Linden for a couple of days . A hard worker , just like his grandma . Fetch my purse . Now . Scott , come here . Oh ! I can 't accept that ! Don 't be a goose ! I have a reputation of being a good tipper ! And it 's a tradition I intend to uphold . Thank you . Twenty bucks ? Thanks , grandma ! There are some things that we may never get straight between us , Paul . But it wouldn 't be right if I didn 't tell you how much I appreciate you bringing that boy to see me . Sorry is not going to save Christmas as it used to be . When they 'd light up that tree it was ... it was like a miracle . I guess we used up all our miracles . Oh , all it is is just like glass balls and lights . No , it 's a bigger deal than it sounds . The main thing is the decorations are locked in the town hall basement . Maybe someone unlocked them . Let 's go look ! Are you serious ? Who do you suppose is gonna help us ? We 'll help ourselves . Just came in about your pal , Paul Forrester . He 's wanted for questioning by the FSA . Yes , Virginia , there is a Santa Claus . Stella was right , this is fun . They are pretty nice , Paul . Amazing how that door was open . Hey ! You can 't do that ! Sure I can ! So can you ! What 's going on here , Harlet ? Dave , it seems to me that folks are decorating the tree . Those ornaments were supposed to be locked-up at the City property . The City is just a bunch of people with something in common , Dave . Yeah ? Where did you hear that ? That 's what Stella Forrester 's boy said . It kind of made sense to me . I don 't believe this . Alright people ! This is unlawful assembly without a permit ! I want everybody off this property immediately or you a subject to arrest . ( Ohhh , ohhhhh ! ) Hello , Dave ! You forget what I said about waiting til Christmas . You are under arrest . It 's Christmas , Winfield . Time for miracles on 34th street . Angels with wings , the fat man being pulled around around my a dozen antelopes . If all of that can happen , why can 't we ... light up a Christmas tree for Stella Forrester ? Huh ? We could use a ladder . Where are you going ? Looks like I need reinforcements . What 's the trouble ? We got an emergency here , chief . Yeah ? What is it ? Somebody said they thought we might have a star missing up on top of the tree . I thought maybe we ought to take a closer look . Right ! Let 's run it up , boys ! I figured you 'd gone away without saying good-bye . Stella , they say this is a time for peace on Earth . I think there should be peace between us too . 17 years without a word ? I 'm sorry . Weren 't you sorry enough to make peace with your father in his death bed ? You wouldn 't even come to his funeral . I don 't understand why I did those things . But I think I must have been hurt very much . And that it took time and distance to get over the pain . Not a word , not even a whisper . I think as the time and distance grew it became more difficult to come back . I 'm your mother . Didn 't that have any meaning at all to you ? Maybe not then , but it does now . I can 't change the last 17 years . But maybe this can make up for a small part of it . It 's time you had it back . Oh ! Thanks for the camera . Paul . Hey ! Hi ! Stella , how you doing ? Merry Christmas . Merry Christmas , grandma . Oh , thank you , Scott . Oh ! But I ... I have nothing to give you two . You gave Paul Forrester life . I 'd be nothing without that . And you gave your love . That 's the best gift of all . Thank you , Paul . And thank you , Hal , for bringing all of us together for this wonderful Christmas . How is it going ? It 's all set . ( - Oh , honey ! ) ( - Ready ? Stay ) ( Oh , that 's beautiful ! ) ( That 's just right ! ) ( There 's a spot , there 's a spot ! ) ( Can you reach that high ? ) Merry Christmas , Sam . Sorry , Robert , for last night . ( Alright , everyone ! ) ( Let 's sing a song for Stella ! ) ♪ Good King Wenceslas looked out , ♪ ♪ On the Feast of Stephen ... ♪ What 's that ? Some friends , grandma . ♪ When a poor man came in sight ♪ ♪ Gath 'ring winter fuel ♪ ♪ Hither , page , and stand by me , ♪ ♪ If thou know 'st it , telling ♪ Oh , Paul ! For a second there , I thought I saw the tree . - Let 's skip ! - Why 's that ? I don 't anybody saw me , I just cut the power to the center of town . They were about to turn the lights on on this damned Christmas tree ! Christmas tree ? What Christmas tree ? The Christmas tree in the town square ! Now let 's get out of here ! Merry Christmas , mother . Merry Christmas , son . Good-bye , dear friend . Good-bye , grandma . Dad ? I got a feeling that we are not gonna see a lot more of each other . I juts wanna say that you 're a better son than Paul Forrester ever was . Merry Christmas , Hal . For a second I thought I could smell pancakes . I know what you mean . Thanks to you we 'll go on eating Stella 's pancakes . I don 't suppose there 's any way we could stick around til the funeral . Dave Winfield said he run my name through the police computer , we can 't take the chance that Fox won 't find out somehow . It 's a good thing he warned you . That warning was a Christmas present . Speaking of Christmas presents , erm ... You wouldn 't wanna leave yours under the tree . Thanks , Scott . I think there 's something under the tree for you too . Whoa ! Thanks . It 's to help you find your way around the stars . This is terrific ! Oh ! Thanks ! You like it ? It 's just terrific ! What is it ? It 's a key-ring to put your car keys on it . There 's something I have to tell you about the car . It 's OK , isn 't it ? Oh , it 's fine ! It 's just not ours anymore . I needed the money to buy Stella 's present . I guess the key-ring wasn 't a very good present . It 's the best present I ever got . From my son ! Translation and subtitles by PEPPER LALASPAIN * * * SONG LIVES FOR EVER * * *
