 ♪ In the not too distant Future ♪ ♪ Next Sunday AD ♪ ♪ There was a guy named Joel ♪ ♪ Not too different From you or me ♪ ♪ He worked at Gizmonic Institute ♪ ♪ Just another face In a red jumpsuit ♪ ♪ He did a good job Cleaning up the place ♪ ♪ But his bosses Didn 't like him ♪ ♪ So they shot him into space ♪ ♪ We 'll send him cheesy movies ♪ ♪ The worst we can find La la la ♪ ♪ He 'll have to sit And watch them all ♪ ♪ And we 'll monitor his mind La la la ♪ ♪ Now keep in mind Joel can 't control ♪ ♪ Where the movies begin or end La-la-la ♪ ♪ Because he used those Special parts ♪ ♪ To make his robot friends ♪ ♪ Robot roll call ♪ ♪ Cambot ! ♪ - ♪ Pan left ♪ - ♪ Gypsy ! ♪ - ♪ Hi girl ! ♪ - ♪ Tom Servo ! ♪ - ♪ What a cool guy ♪ - ♪ Croooow ! ♪ - ♪ Wisecracker ♪ ♪ If you 're wondering How he eats and breathes ♪ ♪ And other science facts La la la ♪ ♪ Then repeat to yourself ♪ ♪ " It 's just a show I should really just relax " ♪ ♪ For Mystery Science Theater 3000 ♪ - Oh Larry , I brought you a little something from the mad scientist convention this year , Little gift , little tchotchke for you , - Oh , what is it , you ? - It 's the Isaac Asimov body splash , It 's part of the foundation trilogy gift set , - Oh , and it 's pretty too , It smells like space ! - Yes , and it also goes with the mad scientist masculine hygiene , - Oh , let me try that ! - Later , later , It 's time to get Joel on the old horn here , give him our experiment this week , Would you like to do the honors ? - Oh , you are something special , [ GASPS ] [ GRUNTS ] Come in , Joel , you tree rotating skanky boy , - Not bad , not bad , - Hey , sirs , Hey , Cambot , bring it in a little bit , I 'm ready for this week 's invention exchange , This is called the Cairo-Gyro and if you happen to suffer from back , neck , or pelvis pain , you strap it on and let it go , It does the work for you , watch , What do you think ? - Mmm , I 'd like to strap that on you , Larry , - Yeah , that 'd be a nice way to unwind , [ GIGGLES ] - Oh , stop it , - I 'm sorry , - Here 's our invention this week , Joelette , As you know , the old squirting joke flower has lost its ability to shock or surprise , - We souped it up though , We came up with the burning boutonniere featuring the flame-flower , - I 'd like to see anyone that isn 't surprised by that , Joelenne , Yes , [ LAUGHING ] - I cannot believe you guys , That is so hateful , BOTH : Thank you ! - Well , our burnt offering this week , Joel , is a little scientific nugget called The Corpse Vanishes , - It features Bela Lugosi stewing in his own mediocrity , - Yes , but first another one of those space stinkers , Commando Cody and the Bridge of Death , - Enjoy , [ BUZZER ] - Movie sign ! [ ♪ ] TOM : Another republic cereal ? JOEL : Yeah , used to my head-cranker , I showed it to the professors , CROW : How 'd they like it ? JOEL : I think they liked it , And they had this flame-flower thing , it was very weird , TOM : Radar men from the moon ! They liked the head-cranker , huh ? George Wallace , Aline Towne , Roy Barcroft , William Bakewell , Clayton Moore , With Peter Brocco , Bob Stevenson , Don Walters , Tom Steele , Dale Van Sickel , Wilson Wood , Noel Cravat , Baynes Barron , Paul McGuire , Ted Thorpe , ♪ And written by Ronald Davidson ♪ ♪ John MacBurnie , Fred A , ♪ JOEL : Okay , that 's good , That 's fine , CROW : Make him read the small print , JOEL : Yeah , what 's that symbol mean over there ? I always wondered about it , TOM : It means Golden Club , JOEL : Golden Club turkey ? TOM : Uh , yes , JOEL : Okay , TOM : This is in fact a Golden Club turkey of a movie , Chapter Three , Bridge of Death , CROW : I think it 's about dentistry , JOEL : Yeah , CROW : Hey , how come Ted 's so big and Commando Cody is so small ? JOEL : Oh Crow , that 's a common movie device called foreshortening , CROW : Oh , JOEL : Yeah , they use it all the time , CROW : Instead of butter , TOM : That 's like someone 's throwing their [ indistinct ] up , JOEL : It 's a Whamo Magic Window , TOM : Evil [ indistinct ] men continued to use the constant heat ray , which sounded like a Chevy horn , CROW : Hey , surf 's up ! - Whoa , maybe we can get out along that side , - What about that tank ? - We may be able to take care of it , JOEL : What about the camera crew ? TOM : They were annihilated , the entire crew was annihilated , But they got the shot , JOEL : Flash him , he 's got his high beams on , CROW : The blood stream , - Let 's try this one , CROW : Quick , up this hill , Try not to look like Mr , Peanut , JOEL : Or Mr , Salty , CROW : Or Mr , Drip , TOM : Or Mr , Bubble , - Give me a hand grenade , TOM : Hand grenade ? CROW : Hand grenade , TOM : Eat shrapnel tire , boys , JOEL : Boy , that really hurt ' em , - He must 've gotten off , - Let 's move out of here , CROW : What a couple of retreads , Remember , signal your intent , use your mirrors , put it in reverse , mind your space cushion , TOM : Space cushion ? CROW : It 's what they 're sitting on , - That does it , Ted , Let 's get back to the rocket ship , TOM : Okay , JOEL : Don 't bang into anything , TOM : Meanwhile , - Too bad you lost that ray gun , JOEL : Jim never drinks coffee on our home planet , - , of getting one , We couldn 't possibly attack their city with any of our weapons , - That isn 't the worst of it , They 've already tracked us halfway to the ship , so they know about where we are , CROW : Spacemen just don 't look at home in a breakfast nook , - One blast from that ray gun will pop this ship like a toy balloon , - Maybe we 'd better get back to earth , JOEL : What do you think , mmm ? - I think so , We 've accomplished the most important part of our mission , We discovered that Redick is planning to lead an invasion from the moon as soon as the saboteurs finish opening up our defenses , And it 's up to us to get the information back to earth , How soon can we take off ? - Well , I 've gotta build up the pressure in all the tanks and warm up the jets , Maybe a couple of hours , - Then get started , I 'll fly out and scout around until you 're ready , CROW : Oh , and the woman will clean up , How progressive , [ TOM HUMMING ] Uh ? Mmm , Uh ? That 's not one of ours , Hmm , I 'd better- - hmm , CROW : Hey Joel , what 's that he 's cranking ? JOEL : I think it 's some kind of radio , TOM : It 's his crotch mounted cordless phone , JOEL : That guy 's speaking into a cruller , CROW : Maybe he 's Danish , TOM : If it 's the moon , it 's a cheese Danish , - , our scout car was attacked , - Splendid , I 'll send another car out after it at once , Stay there and keep watch , - Yes , sir , JOEL : Hiiiiiiii ! Oh , my shoes are untied , CROW : He 's wearing hand thrown pottery , My suit 's more comfortable and I 'm willing to fight about it , TOM : Our own Commando Cody is wearing a stylish frock with metallic pointed , almost gothic styling , His power things are very flattering , never ever making him look pudgy of bloated , Mr , Crow ? CROW : Thank you , Mr , X , on the other hand , is wearing a white cotton space-shift with almost a nymph-like quality to it , It is belted and gathered at the joints to give it a lighter than air feel , You too can feel one sixth your own weight in this space-shift by Dundee , JOEL : Alien train supplied by Tyco , TOM : Oh , he didn 't come out of his tuck in time , CROW : I 'll take that , Mr , Bond , TOM : Nipple , nipple , tweak , tweak , fly , fly , fly ! JOEL : Oh I hate that , my shoe 's still untied , CROW : How come he doesn 't land on his head ? JOEL : He knows better , TOM : He 'd stick there like a lawn dart , - , found our ship , I took care of him , but I 'm afraid he already reported us , How much longer before we can take off ? - One of those tanks is headed this way ! - How ' bout it , Hank ? - I won 't guarantee the results but we can try , Here it goes , all jets , CROW : Well , one jet , JOEL : Here it comes , - Looks like we may make it , - If we get out of range of their ray gun in time , - Shut off that induction valve ! CROW : Fire in the hole , JOEL : We 're hit ! Everybody lean , TOM : Medic , oh ! Looks like the Macy Parade gone awry , - Particulate compartments , - Right , TOM : Kablooey , CROW : Taking a lot of flack , JOEL : Kind of reminds me of Das Boot , - Looks like we 're in the clear , TOM : Das " Moon " Boot , JOEL : Yeah , - Things are sort of messed up in there , but nothing serious , CROW : Just everything 's broken , - Okay , Hank , You can start for the Earth now , Make a 180 degree turn , TOM : 180 degrees ? JOEL : For savings ! [ CROW HOWLS LIKE A WOLF ] [ ♪ ] - Very well , TOM : A princess phone , how cute , - Patrol car reported that the spaceship has escaped , - Ship must not be allowed to land on Earth , JOEL : Set it for stun , CROW : Why does the Earth have a shadow ? TOM : Why are there clouds in space ? CROW : Why are we watching this ? TOM : Daddy , what 's Vietnam ? JOEL : I told you to never call me here , - , rocket ship has escaped and is headed back to Earth , He has all the information about our planned invasion and must not be allowed to tell it to the authorities , Will you have a ray gun completed by the time he lands ? - I 'm afraid that is impossible , Your Excellency , CROW : All the hardware stores are closed , - That ship must be destroyed before anyone can get out of it , JOEL : Set that on stun , - You heard the orders , - Yeah , but it might not be that easy , There might be guards at the landing field , - Nevertheless , you will carry out instructions , I will furnish you with a bomb , You can devise some means for placing it under the ship the moment it lands , - How do we know when they 'll get here ? - I 'll pick up their approach on my radar , You can be in position when they land , JOEL : I can 't believe those thugs are taking orders from a guy dressed in spandex , CROW : Eh , Hey , great spot for a picnic , Did you bring the basket ? TOM : Yeah , I brought it , Fried chicken , right ? CROW : Crouch down like me , JOEL : We supposed to run like this the whole way ? CROW : Yeah , JOEL : Couple of dumb cops , - Yes , Got to blast ' em , TOM : There 's gum under this one , - , get out of the ship , - Here she comes , JOEL : Look at the lines on that beauty , - Coming in for a landing , JOEL : Just keep turning and switching knobs 'til we get her down , - Calling landing fields , Calling landing fields , - Landing fields to rocket , come in , - We 're coming down , Field clear ? CROW : Walkie-talkie picking ' up , pal ? - Alright , Hank , make your 180 degree turn , JOEL : Everybody lean , - You take the one on the right , JOEL : The big one ? CROW : He 's not my type , TOM : Oh ! There 's gunplay , CROW : I wanna hear a ricochet , JOEL : Why is it darker on the Earth than on the Moon ? TOM : A humanist question , or a question a human might ask ? JOEL : They 're at the Cadillac ranch , CROW : He 's at a bang bang , TOM : What kind of a welcome party is this ? CROW : I hope this doesn 't happen at the hotel , Did you call ahead ? Pa-too-ee , - Let 's get over to the car , TOM : Yeah , the bullets don 't hurt over there , JOEL : Get over here , TOM : Okay , sir , Well , you 'd notice by all the [ indistinct ] , - They 're taking off in a car , I 'll go after ' em , you guard the ship , JOEL : I 'll go after ' em and leave you guys stranded , CROW : Thanks , Let 's hold each other , - They 're after us , step on it , CROW : Hey , you almost lost him in that last edit , TOM : Meanwhile , hundreds of miles away , CROW : Good driving , - He 's hanging onto us , Give it all you can , TOM : Nothing 's worth driving like that , JOEL : They don 't even have their belts on , I bet , TOM : Nice shot of me , Whoa , Another good shot of me , I look like Gene Hackman , - Stop on that bridge , JOEL : He 's got an idea , CROW : Hey , wait , Didn 't you see the " bridge of death " sign up there ? TOM : Oh , litter , That 'll do it , Cody hates it when we litter , JOEL : Uh , you shouldn 't drink before you have a car chase , TOM : Let 's put this garbage here , Cody 'll see it , he 'll stop , we 'll get away , We 'd better go , [ ALL TALKING AT ONCE ] CROW : I want to see how it ends , JOEL : Come on , let 's go , CROW : I want to see this , Oh , come on , TOM : Think Cody 'll survive ? [ HUMMING ] - Hey , whatta ya reading ? - Oh , it 's the latest edition of " Tiger Bot Magazine , " They have a big full color spread of Data from Star Trek , - Data , wow ! He 's dreamy , - Says here he 's getting bigger than Kirk Cameron too , - Wow ! Hey , hey , look at that schematic there , Wow , look at that brain , - Wish I had me one of those positronic brains , - Wow , Data 's got all the candy , Hey Servo , uh , who 's the dream date this week ? - Let me see , says here , Tweaky , - Tweaky ! What a coaster , He hasn 't worked since Buck Rogers , - I know , what a putz , Bidi-bidi-bidi , wanna dance ? Buck , [ LAUGHS ] - Yeah , You know , that guy couldn 't interface without a load pan adapter , Such a shrimpy little bot anyway with those ineffectual arms and that stupid bubble head , and , - Funny , Crow , - Whoops , - Oh , great ! Look , here 's the spreadsheets on Data , Let 's see , turn ons , electricity , quiet walks in the holodeck , cray supercomputers , Let 's see , turn offs , switches , - Yeah , - , fat Klingons in sweatpants and Shatner hanging around the set telling old war stories , Oh , here , and Tandy products , Okay , pet peeves , yes , definitely , Favorite actress , Julie Newmar , Favorite Scotch , James Doohan , Secret fantasy- - hey , wait a minute , look at this ! His secret fantasy says right here , " I 'd really love to be a human , " Oh , man ! - Aw , how predictable , The old Pinocchio syndrome , - This is the kind of clown that gives us bots a really bad name , - Yeah , what a sellout , - And speaking of sellouts , [ ♪ ] TOM : I just want to read the article on Data , JOEL : I don 't want you reading this stuff , TOM : Hey , you 're paying for that , CROW : Hey , litterbug , litterbug , TOM : [ indistinct ] JOEL : ♪ A corpse is a horse ♪ ♪ A corpse a corpse Unless it , ♪ CROW : It 's The Little Rascals music again , JOEL : Yeah , Hey , look at the shadow I cast , you guys , CROW : Wow , TOM : I think you 're casting credits , too , CROW : Hey , do the rabbit , JOEL : Naw , I can 't do that , CROW : Eh , looked more like Abe Lincoln , TOM : Or Abe Vigoda really , TOM : Wallace Fox , I 'd like to hunt him down and skin him and make him into a little rug , JOEL : I 'll get it , CROW : Hey , why is the groom looking at us ? TOM : He 's never been in a movie before , JOEL : Hey Doc , he 's gonna see us , - , lawfully wedded husband , to love , honor and obey , until death do you part ? - I- - I do , [ CRIES OUT ] CROW : Nice die , TOM : You may now bury the bride , - Take her into the anteroom , - Yes , sir , CROW : And keep it quiet , People want to take their gifts back if they hear about this , [ CHATTERING ] JOEL : It ruins so many wedding nights when the bride dies , - Please , this is no time for interviews , - Shall I telephone for the ambulance ? - No , the undertaker , She 's dead , CROW : Whoa , must be the father of the bride , Gloomy Gus , TOM : Sensitive guy , JOEL : Oh man , that 's so sad , Look , they 're taking the cake back , TOM : Thank you , I love cake , Ooo , the frosting is delicious ! Alright , we got the cake , now step on it , CROW : Step on the cake , ew , TOM : No , the car- - you ! JOEL : Bing , - Hey , all of you can go now , TOM : Wow , life savers , thanks , - Gee , thanks , JOEL : Lucky guy , CROW : Hey , the red ones are missing , - Good evening , Dr , Rayburn , I 'm from the Forest Mortuary , - Forest Mortuary ? But two of your men just drove away with the body a few moments ago , TOM : Huh ? - There must be some mistake , They weren 't our men , - Well , I 've heard of ambulance chasing but this is something new , - New ? It 's sensational , Another kidnapping of a dead bride , what a story ! JOEL : What a sensitive pair , CROW : Yeah , TOM : Body of dead bride disappears , Audience baffled by free floating headlines , Trite headline device used to enhance plot , Producers hope to work in calendar flipping before the end of the film , - And a few minutes ago , one of the men who helped remove the body of the , TOM : Equally trite radio announcer device , - , was apprehended by the police , - Go on , Keep talking , - But I told you I was standing on the corner minding my own business when along comes the stiff wagon , A guy pokes his head out of the window and asked me if I wanted to make a couple of bucks , CROW : And some Lifesavers , - Two , At least all I could see , - What 'd they look like ? - I don 't know , It was dark , I didn 't pay no attention to faces , - You notice the license ? - What with two bucks staring me in the face ? - Come on , tell the truth , What 'd you do with the corpse ? - I didn 't do nothing with it , JOEL : He 's gonna need that two bucks to buy a new hat , CROW : Yeah , TOM : Shadowy corpse thief escapes , Trite headline device still ineffective , Building still large , - As District Attorney , Mrs , Wentworth , I assure you there won 't be any trouble , You can proceed with the wedding as planned , - Well , we want some assurance besides words , We want protection , JOEL : Aw , you shoulda discussed that with your daughter earlier , - And if I 'm any judge of the appearance of your daughter , she looks as healthy as she is beautiful , - Oh really , mother , I think you 're making much ado about nothing , CROW : Hey , I thought Shakespeare wrote that , - Not in the least , - Well , if we have protection , I 'll feel much better about it , - You 'll have it alright , Mrs , Wentworth , JOEL : Boy , what a couple of ugly hats , call the fashion police , - , wait , I 'll pick him up , - That 's the Wentworth mother and daughter , isn 't it ? Is the wedding called off ? - Certainly not , And there isn 't gonna be any trouble either , - That 's what all the rest of them thought , - I can 't answer for Miss Wentworth 's health but your paper can print one thing , and that is that there 'll be no more theft of girls ' bodies , CROW [ WOMAN 'S VOICE ] : Well , we shall see , - Yeah , this will get you and Sandy into the wedding and I want plenty of photographs , - Ho ho , don 't worry , boss , I got enough film to cover the Russian front , TOM : But he 'll get chocolate on the pictures , - , to take me off the society column , - Oh , quit beefing , You 're getting a break , This is the most exclusive wedding of the year , - What if the Wentworth girl drops dead too ? - You 'll still tell me what she 's wearing along with the rest of the fancy pants , JOEL : That 's cold , - Get me the guest list and don 't bother about anything else , JOEL : Let me get that for you , - , with the police , and they 'll be plenty more thereabouts , And if the bride holds up this time , there won 't be any snatching , Now get going , - What if I get a clue , - Oh , I wouldn 't let that bother me , sweetie pie , You wouldn 't know a clue if it bit you ! - I 'll remember those words , stooge , CROW : [ MAKES SOUNDS LIKE THE THREE STOOGES CURLY ] ♪ I 'm getting buried In the morning ♪ ♪ Buried dead Getting buried , ♪ JOEL : Good one , - , nervous mother , After all , I 'm the one that 's getting married , - Oh , I just can 't help it , I 'm so afraid something will go wrong , - Oh , forget it , Nothing can possibly happen , TOM : Shhh , donk , Dadadada , - Oh , Allen ! It 's perfect , JOEL : Oh hi , You 're gonna make a perfect dead bride , TOM : Keep a section of the dress , You 'll need them for your toes , JOEL : Same fabric in the coffin , JOEL : I get your car for you , sir ? - , and this wedding won 't wait for us , - Can I help it if we had a blowout ? - Serves you right , Why don 't you buy some new tires for this bug ? - You know , I 've been thinking of getting- - hey , are you kidding ? ALL : Oh ! Doh ! JOEL : I can 't believe he went for that blowout story , He really is a stooge , [ CROW IMITATES CURLY ] TOM : Keep your space cushion , check your blind spot , hands at ten and two on the wheel , CROW : Five minutes , Mr , Lugosi , JOEL [ IMITATES BELA LUGOSI ] : I 'm going to jump out of this truck and scare the pants off everybody , Blah ! Blah ! [ KNOCK ON DOOR ] CROW : Land shark , It 's Nelson Eddy , - You mustn 't come in here , It 's bad luck ! - Aw , not even a peak ? - Not even one , You 'll see me soon enough , - You see ? TOM : Oh , CROW : Simp , - Oh girls , do you mind if I have these last few minutes alone with Alice ? [ ALL GIRLS TALKING TOGETHER ] [ ALL COMMENTATORS IMITATING GIRLS ] JOEL : , she 's gonna die anyway , - Well , mother , you 're about to lose me , - I hope not forever , dear , - ' Course not , What are you talking about ? - Do you feel all right , dear ? - Certainly , I never felt better in my life , You should forget all that silly nonsense about those brides dropping dead , [ KNOCK ON DOOR ] JOEL : Telegram , - For Miss Wentworth , - Oh , thank you , CROW : Seems like a nice enough fella , ALL : , at first ! - From Dwight , - No doubt , TOM : It 's a box lunch , I love corn beef , - Wear this next to your heart , darling , All my love , [ SIGHS ] What an unusual orchid , CROW : That 's the package , - , saw one like it before , It 's lovely , - It 's beautiful ! ALL : It 's deadly ! JOEL [ IMITATES LUGOSI ] : Now for my famous metamorphosis illusion , I entered the back of the hearse , no one 's looking , and , [ KNOCK ON DOOR ] CROW : Pizza delivery , - The minister is ready , Mrs , Wentworth , - Thank you , CROW : Get out of here , - Say a little prayer , darling , JOEL : I 'll readjust that , CROW : Muzza wuzzawuzza , Fuzza wuzzawuzza , How 's that ? JOEL : Mmm , coulda been longer , Do you promise to love , cherish , obey , until death do you , huh ? [ CRIES OUT ] CROW : Nice die , - Alice , Alice , Alice ! Oh , darling , darling , are you alright ? [ ALL COMMENTATORS MUMBLING ] - It happened again , - I just got the picture of the month , TOM : For dead bride magazine , JOEL : Oh man , they 're taking the deli tray away ? I think that 's so scary , CROW : Yeah , but we can sell it to the Feinberg wedding , JOEL : Speaking of selling , [ ♪ ] JOEL : Paunch , John , follow ' em , TOM [ IMITATES LUGOSI ] : Peak-a-boo , my little lamb chop , CROW : What a bonehead , JOEL : Can I get your door for you ? - I just told the news to Keenan , did you get anymore pictures ? - Did I get pictures ? I covered everything except a close-up of this pretty posy , - Why , that looks like the one the bride wore , What are you doing with it ? - Presenting it to you , sweetheart , as a token of my devotion , Take a smell , - Who ever heard of an orchid with a scent ? - Well , that one has , Maybe it 's a clue , - What a peculiar sweet odor , JOEL : Oh , that 's me , - Yeah , make a swell romaine salad , JOEL : What a strange sense of flavor , - Hey , Pat ? You 're not gonna pass out too , are you ? - No , no , I 'm okay , TOM : It 's just the pace of this movie that 's got to me , JOEL : Need a push ? TOM : Okay , That 's nutty , CROW : Hey ! It 's a hotrod , - You stay right here , JOEL : I gotta scare ' em away , CROW : Good heater , JOEL : You know , that wouldn 't happen if he had thrush pipes on it , I 'm sure of it , [ IMITATES LUGOSI ] Peak-a-boo , I see you , Are you frightened yet ? Grab the spare tire , the toolbox , and the deli tray , Then we short-sheet the bed ! I love these frat pranks , TOM : Oh , so that 's how they do the vanishing corpse trick , There 's a secret panel in the back and they take it out , I feel like I 've been taken , - What kind of a gag is this ? No driver , no license plate , - Maybe it isn 't a gag , maybe it 's a decoy , ALL : Nah ! CROW : Yeah , but don 't bother putting it out , TOM : Wuh-oh , JOEL : What 's going on here ? Check it out , TOM : Two abandoned hearses in one day ? What are the odds of that happening ? - Calling all cars , Calling all cars , Another abduction of a girl 's corpse , Brunette , 22 years of age , stop and search all trucks and suspicious looking cars , CROW : Be on the lookout for my toupee , - That 's all , Burnside , - Carlo ? We 're taking a look inside this rig , - Sure thing , officer , JOEL : But I don 't have any dead bodies in back or anything if that 's what you 're talking about , I don 't mind showing you , Come around to the back here , nothing wrong here , Check it out , TOM : What 's that then ? Hey , I 'm in here ! JOEL : Hey , they should check underneath them , CROW : Looks like a driver 's license photo , - Alright , go ahead , - Change that headline to read , " Is Wedlock Challenged ? " Then set up an editorial attacking the DEA 's office for playing marbles while some madman runs away with the bodies of dead brides , [ JOEL 'S MUFFLED SPEECH ] - Send up the proofs right away , CROW : And get me a ham on rye , - So , it 's you , Well , of all the rotten stories that have ever been turned into this office , yours takes the prize , No guest list , and we don 't even know what the bride wore , - She wore this orchid , - Listen , Miss Hunter , I have a great responsibility , I 'm a public servant , Parents are calling in The Chronicle frantically with tears in their voice , begging for news of their daughters , I have a daughter myself who 's about to be married , Maybe she 'll drop dead too , But she won 't drop dead from an orchid , - I didn 't say that , - Well , then what are you talking about ? - Every one of the brides that died and disappeared were wearing one of these orchids , - How do you know ? - Well , I checked , TOM : It 's my job , - Look at these pictures , - Alright , perhaps it 's a coincidence , It still doesn 't spell anything , - Then where did the Wentworth girl get this orchid ? The bridegroom didn 't give it to her , JOEL : Huh ? - , a dozen people gave it to her , Her mammy , her pappy , JOEL : The guy she went out with , - Besides , this orchid has peculiar odor , That 's unusual , JOEL : That 's me , - , why don 't you follow it up ? - Is that an assignment ? - It 's a notice that you 're through if you don 't bring something in , - Okay , Mr , Keenan , TOM : Meanwhile , back at the Adams Family home , CROW : Oh , that must be Stanley , their garage door opener , Always trying to help people do things right , [ GIGGLE ] Everything , uh , ow , JOEL : Bring it in , Hey , there 's Billy Barty and Cloris Leachman , TOM : What 's with the noise ? You trying to wake the dead ? CROW : He doesn 't have any pants on underneath that thing , TOM : I 'm glad it 's shut then , JOEL : It 's a soapbox racer , CROW : Don 't open it , - My little family , You 're also very fateful , - Master , the Countess is waiting , - Upstairs ? - There , - Oh , we must hurry , Mike ? JOEL : That 's one scary name , Mike , CROW : Mike , JOEL : The evil henchman , Mike , TOM : Sends shivers up my diode , CROW : Well , here comes Meals On Wheels , JOEL : Let me help you with that there , mmm-hmm , CROW : Oh Mike , posture , posture , TOM : He has stone walls painted on his drywall , [ MOANING ] CROW : She 's practicing for her role as Camille , - Are you suffering , my beloved , - Terribly ! You must hurry , [ MOANS ] - I 'm so sorry , But I was detained , Please forgive me , - Forgive you ? You loiter and waste time , while I wait here dying , Dying ! TOM : Well , it 'd make for a shorter movie , - I will not let you die , - Better death than agony like this , JOEL : No wonder it 's taking them so long , look how long it takes them to dress , - Look at me , look at me ! CROW : Uh , no thanks , I just ate , - Now , will you hurry ? JOEL : See , he 's still not done bundling up , TOM : Why is he putting on gloves ? She 's dead , What 's the point ? JOEL : Maybe he 's a performance artist , We don 't know , CROW : Hey , do you think he 's a real doctor ? I don 't see no diplomas on his wall , TOM : I think he went to Scare U , [ MOANING ] Free ear piercing with death , CROW : He 's doing the ear piercing with a conductor 's punch , though , TOM : Yee , JOEL [ IMITATES BUGOSI ] : Yes , That felt good , Ah , CROW : All that just for a little maple syrup , JOEL : Now we can have the rich taste of bride any time we want it , CROW : You know , it 's not just for breakfast anymore , JOEL : Right , [ GROANING ] TOM : He never calls anymore , He just comes over and shoots me with big needles , CROW : She 's a quart low , [ GROANING ] - Courage , my dear , Courage , [ GROANING ] TOM : Don 't throw the cotton ball , CROW : Now you might feel a little sting , [ SCREAMS ] Okay , a big sting , JOEL : Lovely , lovely , [ GASPING ] JOEL : Lovely , lovely , TOM : [ SINGING TO THE TUNE OF " WHIP IT " BY DEVO ] ♪ When a hunchback Comes along , ♪ JOEL : ♪ You must whip him ♪ TOM : ♪ He 's playing with your Corpse , ♪ JOEL : ♪ Unless you whip him ♪ TOM : ♪ He will not go away , ♪ JOEL : ♪ You must whip him ♪ TOM : ♪ Whip him whip your hunchback ♪ CROW : Well , that 'll straighten him out , - Why do you beat my son so hard , - Because he 's a beast , an animal , And someday I should like to destroy him , TOM : It 's just a hunch , JOEL : [ LAUGHS ] Good one , - My poor son , Why was he ever born ? CROW : 'Cause you didn 't play safely , - Can you bear to look at me now ? CROW : He can even look at you bare , - You 're beautiful , And I shall always keep you that way , TOM : Hasn 't he heard of cryogenics ? CROW : Or saran wrap , JOEL : Or Tupperware ? - Does she live ? - As long as she can be of any use to us , - She 's pretty , - Mmm , - Very young , - All of them must be , Come , my dear , JOEL : Let 's get out of here too , TOM : What did they call her ? [ ♪ ] [ GASPING ] - Oh , man ! [ MOANING ] [ PANTING ] - Whoa , no ! - Oooooo , Tag , you 're it , - Hey , wait wait , Wait , wait , wait , Come here , come here , you guys , Come on back here , - What do you want ? - What 's going on ? - Face , tag ! You 're it ! [ ALARM BUZZING ] - Oh you ! - Movie sign ! - None of the florists I checked with ever saw an orchid like that , - Well , that 's not surprising , This particular , JOEL : I tricked you guys , TOM : You really skunked us , CROW : You cheated , TOM : Next time we play TV tag , - No , But if you wish to find out more about it , JOEL : Read about it at your library , - , name of Lorenz , He was the one who originally hybridized this plant , over in Europe somewhere , - But I just can 't go to Europe , just to , - That isn 't necessary , He lives up at Brookdale now , TOM : Oh , how convenient , - Thank you , Mr , Smith , - You 're quite welcome , JOEL : He lives at a mall ? [ BELL RINGING ] - Looks like that box got a coffin in it , Jack , - Sure it does , JOEL : A box full of box , - What do you suppose he wants with a coffin ? - Search me , He 's such a strange , spooky guy , The further I stay away from him , the better , - Me too , CROW : What a goofball , - I 'll take charge of this , - Go ahead , Take it away , Glad to get rid of it , JOEL : Something stupid this way comes , - Taxi , lady ? CROW : No , it 's a suitcase , - Right this way , Where to , Miss ? - To the home of Professor Lorenz , - Lorenz ? I 'm sorry , I can 't take you there , I 'm outta gas , - You mean , you won 't take me ? TOM : Usually the " out of gas " thing comes later in the relationship , - Is this the only taxi in town ? - Yes , ma 'am , it is , - Look , I 've simply got to get to the Lorenz place , I 'll make , JOEL : Listen , dope , You take her with you , - That truck 's going up there , You might get a ride with him , That is , if you don 't mind riding with a coffin , CROW : Are you kidding ? I love coffins , Point me at it , - Would you give me a lift to the Lorenz place ? - What do you want to go there for ? - To see the professor , - Does he expect you ? - No , but I , - Then we can 't take you , TOM : Jeez , welcome to Snotty-dale , JOEL : She 's determined to get on that truck , TOM : Oh , I love those skirts , Really attractive , CROW : ♪ I 'm a little teacup Short and , ♪ Hey ! Boss , the plane , the plane ! I mean , uh , the babe , the babe , JOEL : I think you have to be under 43 inches to ride on that ride , - Get off and stay off ! - Look , I 've got to see Professor Lorenz , it 's important , - I said you couldn 't ride , CROW : But she 's got a ticket to ride , TOM : She don 't care , JOEL : It 's an eTicket though , and you know how short those eTicket rides are , - , you got my bag ! Oh , TOM : Doh , And then frustration set in , JOEL : Sheesh , TOM : She looks as fresh as a country lane after a fresh spring shower , - Would you mind giving me a lift ? - Certainly not , Where are you going ? - I 'm trying to get to the home of Professor Lorenz , - Well , you 're in luck , That 's where I 'm going , JOEL : Hey , so are we ! TOM : Yeah , yeah , Professor Lorenz , yeah , come in , yeah , yeah , CROW : Great , - My name is Dr , Foster , - I 'm Patricia Hunter , JOEL : I 'm Joel , TOM : I 'm Servo , CROW : And I 'm Crow , - No , I 'm a reporter , TOM : I 'm a robot , JOEL : I 'm a human being , - You 're his doctor , I presume ? - Not exactly , Lorenz is a doctor himself but he has no license to practice , JOEL : Making him a quack , - , working with him , We 're trying to find a cure for his wife , - Oh , I see , What type of people are the Lorenzs ? JOEL : Human , - , find them very interesting , Professor Lorenz is a man of unusual accomplishment , But his wife is rather peculiar , I expect you 'll find them both a bit eccentric , JOEL : I like that , Eccentric , Think we 'll see Stanley ? TOM : No , I think- - no , It 's Janie , the garage door opener , [ JOEL LAUGHS ] CROW : He hates those jokes , TOM : He started it , CROW : He was frightened by a garage door as a child , JOEL : You know , he used to play at the Ice Capades , CROW : Why , nobody eats the- - oh , I didn 't see it down there , - Toby , tell your master I 'm here , TOM : May I take your skirt ? JOEL : Is it just me , or is he really small ? CROW : It 's called foreshortening , - , isn 't he ? - I told you they were eccentric , - I 'm inclined to believe you , TOM : Excuse me , Hey , you up there , You , up there ! - Get out , you gargoyle , Get out ! CROW : You 're no prize yourself , babe , - Good evening , Dr , Foster , Come right in , - Good evening , Professor Lorenz , Countess , May I present Miss Patricia Hunter , - How do you do , - We have been expecting you , - So , you found my bag in your truck , - Yes , There it is , - Miss Hunter 's a newspaper woman , and , - I came here hoping you might grant me an interview , - An interview ? About what ? - No one asked you to come here , You are not welcome ! ALL : Nice tag ! - , my dear , I 'm sure Miss Hunter meant no harm , Please forgive my wife , she 's not well , Come , you 'd better retire , CROW : Good punch for a southpaw , - So , that 's what you call being eccentric , Well , I have another name for it , CROW : I call it " bitchy , " - I do not like that girl , She 's here for no good , - We have nothing to fear , JOEL : But fear itself , TOM : ♪ The weather started Getting rough ♪ - I 'm sorry , Professor , if we 're intruding , - Not at all , Dr , Foster , This is our evening for work , Please , be seated , - Thank you , TOM : My wife tends to slap everybody , - What do you wish to interview me about , - Orchids , - Orchids ? - Yes , I understand that you 're an authority on the subject , - They were once my hobby , but I haven 't grown any for several years , Which species are you interested in ? - A very rare one , of the Stanhope type , A horticulturist told me that you 're the original hybridizer of it , CROW : Nobody calls me that and lives , - Yes , I have one in my bag , I 'll show it to you , TOM : I got it off a dead bride , - Where did you get it ? - Oh , um , a friend of mine gave it to me , You see , I 'm doing an article on orchids for my newspaper , and I thought that you 'd be willing to supply me with some special data , - I 'm sorry , I can 't spare the time tonight , Miss Hunter , You see , I have very important work to do with Dr , Foster , CROW : The real doctor , - I understand , - If your interview can wait until morning , I 'll drive you back here then , If that 's agreeable with Professor Lorenz , - It 's quite agreeable but I would suggest that you both stay here as my guests , - Thank you very much , but I prefer going to a hotel , - Just as you wish , CROW : Why , I happen to have a hotel right behind this curtain , - I think it would be foolish to go out in such storm , - The professor is right , Miss Hunter , Perhaps we had better remain , However , if you insist , I 'll gladly drive you back to the village , - I 'm afraid that would be an imposition since you 've so much work to do , TOM : Yes , it would , - Thank you , I 'll stay , JOEL : But I don 't like it , - Toby will show you to your rooms , TOM : You 'll be sleeping with the monkey-boy tonight , - Toby , take up Miss Hunter 's bags , JOEL : He 's a bellboy too , - Goodnight , - Goodnight , I 'll meet you in the study soon , - Very well , CROW : These kooks are coming out of the woodwork , - Why did you ask her to spend the night here ? JOEL [ IMITATES LUGOSI ] : She 's got legs and she knows how to use them , - Very special reason , TOM : He 's been injecting her with young and pretty , now he should start injecting her with smart and nice , - Thank you , JOEL : Is it appropriate to tip ? CROW : Long as you write him again , TOM : Think if you tipped him , he 'd fall right over , - I guess you sleep very good , maybe , [ SINISTER LAUGH ] JOEL : [ CHUCKLES ] He thinks that 's funny ? - Few times I 've stayed overnight here , I 've slept unusually well , - Must be wonderful to have nerves like that , Tell me , just how well do you know these people , - Why actually , not very well , I 've only recently moved into the village , You know , a young doctor trying to establish a practice , CROW : And a mustache , - Well , I must be keeping you from your work , Goodnight , doctor , - Goodnight , TOM : Oops , wrong scene , JOEL : I think she 's looking for the other two Andrew Sisters , CROW : Patty and Maxene ? - What do you want ? - Yes , you are beautiful , - How did you get in here ? - So young , Such lovely skin , TOM : You 'd look good rotating on the spit , - Sometime you too will be a bride , CROW : Fresh , Hey , I was gonna make espresso , Where 'd you go ? TOM : People rarely walk out on international coffees , JOEL : He 's taken all her toiletries , Oh , that little guy , he probably just wants some attention , He really likes her so , Maybe he 's out in the yard playing on a swing set , I can 't confront him , though , Yes , yes , let it be known I love him , Doc , Dopey , Sneezy , TOM : This is much better than my own passage through the sock drawer , CROW : While the reporter sleeps , a pasty film covers her mouth , JOEL [ IMITATES LUGOSI ] : I just love to watch her sleep , Look at how pretty her hair looks , Her pajamas are darling , Sure , I love my wife , but the upkeep on her is unbelievable , It 's outrageous , seven corpses a week , If only she could cut back , Now I 'll walk backwards , Yes , TOM : I 've gotta go back here and talk to the lion and the witch , CROW : She awakes with the worst breath of the day , JOEL : But it 's his breath , CROW : Ew , TOM : Maybe I was just imagining things , [ ♪ ] TOM : Meanwhile , back at the mutant heap , Stanley gets ready for another grueling day at the asbestos factory , - I know where you 're going , [ GROANS ] CROW : Hey , don 't be short with me , - Some day , the master will catch you , [ GROANS ] - Then you 'll be sorry , TOM : What 's he gonna do , straighten his spine out ? JOEL : Boy , somebody sure woke up on the wrong side of the slab this morning , Dig my shadow ? [ TOM GIGGLES ] JOEL [ IMITATES LUGOSI ] : No , this man is a different story , No , his hair is all wrong , Maybe I get rid of the mustache definitely , It 's a crime to hide those classic features , He sleeps so peacefully , It 's a shame to hide him , I must walk backwards , TOM : Night of the Living Shadows , CROW : Hey , I brought you some cheese bread and a little glass of milk , JOEL : Now , if I had my way , I 'd do her hair completely differently , I 'd toss her hair back and rope it off with a little chaparral , It 'd be just so lovely , See , she 's lost a lot of protein , I 'd give her a kind of a protein wash and then a rinse and then maybe we 'd , [ SCREAMS ] CROW : I don 't think she wants a wash , TOM : Make sure you get all those clothes on , Yeah , get everything , Get the shoes , the housecoat , CROW : You might say that she 's dressing for distress , TOM : Smartly done , but she just does not know how to accessorize , - Dr , Foster ? Dr , Foster ? CROW : Dr , Denton ? - Dr , Foster ? Dr , Foster ? TOM : Dr , Scholls ? Dr , Pepper ? CROW : Kinky , JOEL : Oh , they look so good , So peaceful , They never looked that good , - Dr , Foster , - What 's wrong ? - I just saw someone in my room , A horrible looking creature , CROW : Aw , that 's just Stanley , the gnarled but lovable garage door opener , - He disappeared back there , JOEL : Oh , you 've got some nice outfits in here , Love that Teddy , CROW : Teddy bear ? - Well , he 's not here now , Where did you see him ? - Leaning over my bed , - ' Course , you might have been dreaming , - I 'm positive I wasn 't , Earlier in the evening , Mrs , Lorenz suddenly appeared and then disappeared , Do you suppose there 's another entrance to this room ? - Oh , I doubt it , Why don 't you try to go back to sleep , No one 's going to harm you , I 'm sure it was just a nightmare , - I think this whole place is a nightmare , ALL : So do we , - , his wife were actually sleeping in coffins , I saw them , - We often find it difficult to explain the peculiarities of some people , CROW : They 're foreign , you know , - I 'm awfully sorry to bother you , - There 's no trouble , If you 're frightened , call me again , - Goodnight , - Goodnight , TOM : Goodnight , CROW : What a fright-light , - What is the trouble ? JOEL [ IMITATES LUGOSI ] : Nothing dear , go back to bed , - He has disturbed our guests , - [ indistinct ] He is a menace to us , - Yes , CROW : But he 's good with the kids , - It seems the time has come to dispose of him , TOM : Disposable hunchbacks ? JOEL : This closet is huge , I could fit a ton of new outfits in here , TOM : It 's a drive in closet , CROW : Her jammies are really slinky , TOM : Silky to a fault , CROW : I 've got a bad feeling about this , Joel , I gotta sense there 's a long basement scene coming up , TOM : Even got its own annoying music , JOEL : A love theme to the basement , TOM : The chilling love theme from The Corpse Vanishes , Billions sold in Europe , CROW : There 's the cast of Carnival Story , TOM : Little leg of the dog that bit him , [ CROW HUMMING WITH SOUNDTRACK ] Gotta get that on tape , Hey , lady , slow down , Hey , art exhibit my nose , Hey , come back here , Hey , lady , JOEL : Character actor , Burgess Meredith , CROW : Hey , posture , TOM : I guess Stanley didn 't see the " no diving " sign that day , CROW : His eating habits are atrocious , Hey , that 's what I 'm on about , litter bug ! JOEL : Let this be a lesson to you guys , Always lift with your knees , or your gonna end up like Stanley did , TOM : We don 't have knees , Joel , CROW : Is this a walk on role for him ? TOM : No , it 's a walk on , and on , and on role , CROW : Well , no one can hold a candle to his performance , JOEL : I think they could , but no one would really want to , CROW : Maybe they could douse him with something flammable and then hold a candle to him , Saved a lot of money on the lighting in this , JOEL : Stanley 's having some midnight delight , TOM : It 's a seven corpse meal , CROW : Oh ! [ TOM LAUGHS ] JOEL : Now , I would do something completely different , You see , teasing the hair takes protein out , Using protein 21 religiously helps put back some of the protein that shampooing takes out , It 's one heck of a shampoo , TOM : Joel ? JOEL : Yeah ? TOM : That 's really irritating , JOEL : Okay , Sorry , TOM : Stop it , JOEL : Pretty , [ CLATTERING SOUND ] - Uh ? JOEL : Hmm ? TOM : These brides are really piling up in here , CROW : Stop slouching , Or slumming , as the case may be , [ CROW SCREECHING TO TUNE OF SOUNDTRACK ] [ TOM JOINS CROW ] JOEL : Uh-oh , [ GROANS ] - Don 't be afraid , Angel , I would not hurt you , [ GROANS ] CROW : No , he doesn 't want to hurt him , It 's just high impact chiropractics , JOEL [ IMITATES LUGOSI ] : That felt great , Now I clean up with a little lava , CROW : Real lava , TOM : Here we go , Joel , JOEL : Nope , CROW : Oh , TOM : Carry me back to the old satellite , CROW : Carry me too , JOEL : Nope , I can 't carry you , You 've got wheels , CROW : Oh , come on , carry me , TOM : You have legs , [ WHISTLING ] - Well , so , What can I do for you today , big boy ? - Just , uh , give me the usual , - All right , you want the ears left on ? [ CHUCKLES ] - Right , - Eh , little barber joke there , Well , okay , Now- - oh say ! Did you hear about the Mason boy ? - Uh , Jimmy , the oldest ? - Yup , Got uh , got caught in the family thresher machine , - Oh no , [ WHISTLING ] - Dad had to pull him out with the come along , - Yeah , well the good news is now he gets to play center over at the new high school , Turn please , - On the basketball team ? [ WHISTLING ] - Looks like the Dixons are marrying off their youngest , - Oh , Pixie , She 's a super gal , - Oh yeah , - Yeah , I remember her when she was just a little darling , You know , she 's marrying the Fenton boy now , He 's trouble , Lean left , No , your other left , [ CHUCKLES ] Yeah , he 's taking hydraulics over at the Vo-Tech , - Didn 't that refrigeration course pan out for him ? - Well , it did until the Freon accident , JOEL AND TOM : Oh no , - Mmm , Yup , yup , Eh-uh , whatta ya want me to do with this cyst ? - Oh , just comb over it , okay ? You know , I saw the Fentons go over to the hot fish shop , you know ? - Oh , Oh , they do a nice job over there , Oh , the relish tray to die for , We gotta bring the girls down there , They just love it , - Yeah , they love that place , - Was that your ear ? - No , - How about that ? - Ouch ! [ LAUGHING ] - There goes your tip , - Yup , Well , hey , you know , I was , I was up the Crazy Days over at Baskerville , you know , the other day for that clown parade thing they do , Joel , Yeah , you heard of that , Yeah , sure , They get the Lions Club together with the Kiwanis from Ellsworth , there 's about 150 of them there for this clown jamboree , you know ? And well , you know , about 150 clowns running wild in the street with the big clown suits and the fake mustard and all that stuff , - Yeah , they do a wonderful job , - Oh , yeah , Well , I know how much you boys like clowns , you know , and well , these boys , anyway , they took a few tall cold ones and that wasn 't even enough , They had a few road sodas with him , you know what I mean ? And well , they ended up rolling that fire engine right there in the main street , Gasoline and clown white all over the road , - Oh , - Yup , And you know , those clown shoes burn like black tires , Yup , Big black stinky cloud hanging over the whole ugly scene , Why , they 're still picking up clown noses , - Wow , - Oh , - Yup , And they called the coroner from up at Bixby , You know , he 's got that ambulance from the war , you know , He 's the only one in town , And they still managed to cram all 200 of them clowns into that little , bitty wagon , - That 's um , - Yup , Sad thing , [ ♪ ] JOEL : I think it 's a pretty good haircut , TOM : I think your head looks like it was chewed on by a rat , Joel , - Morning , Miss Hunter , - Good morning , CROW : Well , that 's where I got the idea , - Oh , I 'm sorry , I thought you were up , - Up ? I 've been up all night with dead people , - Dead people ? What do you mean ? - Come in , and I 'll tell you , TOM : Not much of a party , - What kind of a place is this ? Last night I had the most horrible experience of my life , - Well , what was it ? - I saw lots of girls in crypts down underneath this house , CROW : Oh , don 't knock or anything , Bela , - What was that you were saying , Miss Hunter ? - Why have you a mausoleum in the basement ? - Mausoleum ? What the hell are you talking about ? - You know what I 'm talking about , TOM : Can the balloon juice , Prof , I know what I 'm talking about , - , creature , - My dear , you must 've had a bad dream , - Now look , Professor , This was no dream , TOM : This was no boating accident , - Shortly after I called you and told you about that horrible creature in my room , - Is that true , Dr , Foster ? - Well , I don 't recall anything about it , Miss Hunter , You must be mistaken , - Well , if I was dreaming , it was the darndest nightmare I ever had , - Well , I slept very soundly myself , - Miss Hunter was rather upset , I think , when she retired , You see now , in dreams , our minds play strange tricks on us sometimes , JOEL : Yeah , like the little wiener between the fingers trick , - Oh , Professor ? That orchid I brought up here to show you is gone , I couldn 't find it in my bag , - That 's too bad , Perhaps you forgot to pack it , Will you be down soon ? - Yes , right away , - Are you coming , Doctor ? - Of course , CROW : Joel , why don 't you wear nice things like that , JOEL : Well , I got shot into space , There wasn 't any time to pack , CROW : Oh , What 's wrong with her ? TOM : She 's in love with the hunchback , Can 't eat , can 't sleep , all she wants to do is be with him , Be with him ! - Shall we go into breakfast ? - No thank you , I 've got to get back to the city , Will you drive me to the station , Dr , Foster ? - I 'll be glad to , - But what about the interview ? - Well , that 'll have to wait until some other time , I just remembered an appointment at the office , so I 've got to catch the next train , If you 'll excuse me , Countess ? - Yes , I will excuse you , JOEL : And then I 'll slap you , - Professor , do you also make a hobby of collecting coffins ? - Why yes , in a manner of speaking , I find a coffin much more comfortable than a bed , CROW [ IMITATES LUGOSI ] : It 's a water coffin , - Many people do so , my dear , Is it so strange that I accept one while waiting for eternal rest ? - No , I suppose not , Well , thank you for your hospitality , Goodbye , TOM : Wait , it is strange , - I trust we will meet again , It has been so nice meeting you , JOEL : What a sweet couple , CROW : Kooky , - Don 't tell me I 'm still dreaming , - Well , what do you mean ? - That gravedigger , he 's real , isn 't he ? JOEL : What gravedigger ? - Oh , he 's real alright , But I hardly think he 's a gravedigger , More likely laying the foundation for a house , - You 're a trusting soul , aren 't you , Doctor ? - Is that a crime ? - No , on the contrary , I envy you , - Are you trying to make me believe you 're one of those hard boiled reporters that we read about or see in the movies ? - No , but working on a newspaper , one becomes cynical and suspicious , CROW : Aw , she writes for Crappy Dick , What a bucket of bolts , - I 've enjoyed meeting you , Miss Hunter , I hope to have the pleasure of seeing you again , - I have a hunch you will , Doctor Foster , TOM : You have a hunch too ? I guess it 's contagious , - , just why did you come up here , or is it a secret ? - It is , but somehow I feel that I can trust you , - You can , - You 've heard of the case of the vanishing brides ? - Why , surely , - I think I have a clue , - You don 't mean that you suspect , - Yes , I do , I wanna show you something , What are these ? - Why , they 're orchids , of course , - You bet they 're orchids , And they didn 't grow in my dreams , They 're exactly likely the one that disappeared from my bag , TOM : They grew in , [ indistinct ] , - I found them on the floor beside my bed this morning , The person who came into my room last night must 've brought these with him , That seems like a logical explanation , - There 's no question about it , Honestly , Doctor , don 't you remember meeting me in the hallway last night , - No , I don 't , And if I did I- - I must 've been asleep , - Either that , or you were hypnotized , - Yes , that 's quite possible , CROW : He may still be , TOM : [ indistinct ] , JOEL : Looks like a train , but he 'll need proof , - Well , watch your step , And if you discover anything , call me , - That 's a promise , - Goodbye , - Not goodbye , au revoir , CROW : No , not au revoir , ciao , No , not ciao , aloha , No , not aloha , aufiderzein ! - Alright , print the story on page one , [ JOEL MUFFLED SPEECH ] - , fingers crossed that this paper isn 't sued for libel by some of these phony suspects that the police are bringing in , [ JOEL MUFFLED SPEECH ] , get me a [ INDISTINCT ] outta the guy they just brought in , - I don 't want photographs , I want real clues , If the DA 's office can 't pick up the madman who 's stealing the bodies of these dead girls , maybe we can , - Okay , I 'll throw it in the wastebasket , JOEL : The script ? - No , have it developed , [ indistinct ] Where 's Lefty ? - Over at Central Station , - The only thing he gets over there is a game of gin rummy , Tell him to get back here , - Well , I got something , - I 'll say you have , you 're fired , - What do you mean ? You can 't do that to me , - Listen , just because the bodies of dead girls disappear is no reason you can do a vanishing act , - But you gave me the assignment , Yeah , I suppose I did , Alright , where have you been ? What 've you uncovered ? - Well , hey , not so fast , Listen , Mr , Keenan , last night I went through the most gruesome experience of my life , - You should talk , All of my life has been a nightmare , - Well , you can rest easier now , because I 've seen plenty , If I can only prove I wasn 't dreaming , - Dreaming ? - I had a dream last night myself , I dreamed you gave me that raise you been promising me , TOM : Thank you , Shecky , - , go on with your dream story , - Well , there 's a certain Professor Lorenz that lives upstate , He knows all about orchids but insists that he doesn 't grow them anymore , Yet , I found these in my bedroom this morning , - Listen [ indistinct ] you didn 't go off someplace and get married , did you ? - No , I didn 't , But I saw the bodies of those other missing brides , - Alright , Now take it easy , Stop breathing hard , Pat , and tell me all about it , Did you really see any bodies ? - Yes , and no , - I see , Just a bit of ectoplasm , JOEL : Yeah , on the front of your jacket , - , only , Oh , I can 't explain it , - Yeah , you know something the same way I am , I see brides everywhere , hear wedding bells ringing in my ears , - And I saw a dead man too , ALL : And his hair was perfect ! - Very well , JOEL : Hubba , hubba , what a suit , Let me clean that off , - , I 'm sorry , She 's busy , she 's with Mr , Keenan , - It 's very important that I see her , I 'm Dr , Foster , I wonder if you 'd mind announcing me , TOM : And now , right here in our very office , a very talented young Doctor , please welcome , - , insists on seeing Miss Hunter , - Tell him he can have all of her time from now on , - That 's the Dr , Foster I was telling you about , Maybe he has more evidence , - Alright , send the saw bones in , - Hey look , if you don 't mind , I 'm going out for a nervous breakdown , TOM : Funny ! - Well Doctor , you almost beat me here , - Yes , I drove down , - Dr , Foster , Mr , Keenan , my editor , - Very nice to meet you , Mr , Keenan , - How do you do ? This cub reporter of mine has been telling me a weird story about a certain Dr , Lorenz up in your neighborhood , - It 's weird alright , but I 'm confident it 's true , After you left , I looked around the station to find out if Lorenz had any other coffins assigned to him , I found the consignment alright , but instead of a coffin , it was a box filled with this stuff , CROW : Olive loaf , - So what ? That 's ordinary garden moss , - It 's moss , alright , But not ordinary , This is a special type used by florists and hybridizers for growing orchids , It 's called ozmondin , ALL [ MUMBLING ] : Ozmondin ? - , he does grow orchids like these , And the same kind were worn by every one of the brides that died , - Well , maybe it is a clue , But how do I know that the rest isn 't a cockeyed nightmare ? CROW : Or a night-eyed cock-mare , - , you don 't remember talking to her , - I could 've talked to her while in a somnambulistic state , under the influence of hypnotism , - Aw , now wait a minute , Are you trying to tell me that this Professor Lorenz is a hypnotist as well as a horticulturist ? JOEL : And a ventriloquist , - My short acquaintance with him has convinced me that he 's a man of unlimited talents , He 's strange , peculiar , I 've even suspected him of being insane , But the fact remains , he 's not only a doctor , but a physicist and a scientist of great ability , TOM : And a horticulturist , - , this hotheaded wife of his ? - I hesitate to bring her into the case at all , Professional ethics forbid a doctor talking about his patients , - Oh , forget about your ethics , Doctor , After all , we 're after a criminal , How does this woman fit into the picture ? Come on , JOEL : Just clearing him up a little bit there , - , curious fact about her is that although she has the appearance of a young woman , her heart and arteries indicate that she 's at least 70 or 80 years old , - Well , that doesn 't explain anything , It certainly doesn 't explain why , TOM : It 's tidy , now , - , should steal these dead girls , JOEL : Nice and clean , - It 's possible they may still be alive , - Alive in a cataleptic state ? TOM : Iowa ? - Alright , alright , What are your other deductions ? - Simply this , These young girls , whether dead or alive , are being used by Lorenz in some manner , as human guinea pigs to sustain his wife in a youthful state , TOM : Bride juice , - Oh , that 's preposterous , - It 's nothing of the kind , Scientists are finding out every day that glands and hormones have a lot to do with life and health , JOEL : Yeah ! - The glands in our bodies help determine the condition of our teeth , the texture of our hair , CROW : The cut of our jib , JOEL : Learning is fun , - , I wouldn 't dare print such a fantastic story , - I bring you the biggest story of the year and a chance to get this newspaper a real scoop , and you call it fantastic ? - Alright , I 'll put Doyle on it to track it down , - I 'm afraid you won 't get very far , Professor Lorenz is a clever man , Clever enough to withstand any investigation and destroy any evidence , - Why not track the fella ? - How ? - Well , he steals dead brides , doesn 't he ? - Aw , now look , Pat , Do you want to be a June bride ? - Well , sure , I mean , that is , no , not yet , JOEL : Oh , - Anyways , Lorenz knows me , - Alright , then stop talking nonsense , This paper can 't assume the responsibility of such a harebrained scheme , - Oh , please , Mr , Keenan , You can 't pass up an opportunity like this , [ ♪ ] CROW [ WOMAN 'S VOICE ] : Cigars , cigarettes , tiparillos ? - Give me a bourbon with soda , - There she is , - Cigarettes ? - Eh , she 's cute , CROW : Well , if you 're into that sort of thing , - Well , would you like to dance ? - Later , Business before pleasure , you know , JOEL : Do you really think it 'd be a pleasure to dance with him ? - Miss Woods , Dr , Foster , - Good evening , Miss Woods , - How do you do ? - I 've something important to tell you , - I 'm all ears , - Let 's go to your dressing room , - Okay , - I won 't be long , - Alright , JOEL : Let 's powder our noses , - Peggy , I 've landed a good part for you , A chance to prove your talent , - Really ? What is it , a picture or a play ? JOEL : Call girl , - My paper 's going to stage a phony wedding and we want you to be the perfect June bride , - Now wait just a minute , - With bride 's maids and flowers and all the trimmings , - What is it ? A circulation stunt ? - No , You 've heard of the case of the vanishing brides , - Sure , - Well this is a plan we had to track the person , CROW : What is it ? - , who 's been stealing their bodies , - Are you kidding ? - Certainly not , The job will pay you plenty , - How 'll I collect if I 'm dead ? - You won 't be dead , All you have to be careful of is not to smell any flowers , - All I do is lie six feet underground and push them up , nix , Count me out ! - Listen , Peggy , I 'm offering you a chance to get your picture on the front page of every newspaper in this country , CROW : And in the obituary , - , Broadway producers and Hollywood studios will be offering you contracts , Why , it 's the chance you 've been waiting for ! TOM : That 's really a load of hooey , [ GROANS ] CROW : And there she is , - She 's the most unusual type , JOEL [ IMITATES LUGOSI ] : She 's just my type , B-positive , - She 'd make a charming addition to our family , - June 20th , - A date we shall not forget , JOEL [ IMITATES LUGOSI ] : A date that will live in infamy ! [ SINISTER LAUGH ] - Fagah , what are you doing in this part of the house ? TOM : What 'd he call her ? - I keep hearing my son 's voice calling for me , - Your son is better off where he is , Go back to your work , - Master , you shouldn 't have done it , He didn 't deserve to die ! - Do what I say and don 't come up here again ! CROW : Or it 's community theatre for you , babe , - Yes , Master , TOM : Lorenz Leachman , ladies and gentlemen , give her a big hand , Lorenz Leachman , - Well , everything 's all set , She 's young and pretty , - Yeah , What assurances have we that this Lorenz guy will show up to make the snatch ? - And what happens if he does kidnap this fake bride ? - Well , the private chapel and the neighborhood will be covered with guards and well , Lorenz hasn 't a chance to escape , - Providing he shows up , And if he doesn 't , I 'm sucker and out 500 bucks , - And if he does , you have an exclusive story with big juicy headlines , JOEL : Big , tender , sloppy headlines , Slathered with sauce , Chomp , Juicy to a fault , - Well , blushing bride , here 's where you go on for your big scene , - Or big flop , My knees are shaking , - There 's nothing to be afraid of , Here 's your bouquet and the phony orchids , Now don 't forget to put on your hat , - Leave that to me , You got plenty of photographers out there ? - Certainly , - And what about the cops ? - How many times do I have to tell you ? Nothing 's going to happen to you , - Oh , Miss Hunter , - Yes ? JOEL : Doesn 't smell weird to me , - Uh , I wanted to ask you , In this ceremony , shall we use the word " cherish " or " obey ? " - You mean , for the bride ? - Yes , - Well , just for this once , let 's put the old fashioned word in , " obey , " - I 've marked the words here , Just read the ceremony slowly , solemnly , - Yes , I understand , - I hope what you 're doing isn 't wrong , - It 's all in good cause , - Well , I suppose it is , Well , if you need me , you 'll find me in my study , - Thank you , You 've been grand , Reverend , CROW : And really creepy , - What do I do now ? - Just march down the aisle and don 't forget to faint at the altar , - Well , here goes nothing , TOM : And the rest of the film , - How 's everything going ? - Alright so far , I guess , - Good , - Ceremony 's about to begin , - I certainly hope somebody shows up besides these ham actors I 'm paying , - You know , it seems to me that if Lorenz were ready to strike , he 'd have sent an orchid , - Just a minute , JOEL : Hey , it 's Lee Harvey Oswald , you guys , - Did you say orchid ? - And I 'll take you with it , JOEL : Oh , they nabbed him , - There you are , TOM : Well , there 's a second actor theory , - It looks like you 're right , CROW : No actors in this scene , [ PIANO NOTES ] TOM : They just don 't look conspicuous enough , do they ? JOEL : They 're the mother and father and father of the bride , TOM : Ah , CROW [ CRIES ] : So sad , [ TOM AND CROW CRYING ] JOEL : Hey , come on , It 's not a real wedding , you guys , Don 't cry , CROW : We know , it 's the script that 's upsetting us , JOEL : Mmm-hmm , It 's the Notre Dame fight song , CROW : He makes a lovely bride , - It looks just like a real wedding , doesn 't it ? - Yes , Too bad it isn 't , ours , - Is that a proposal , Dr , Foster ? CROW : It 's the best I can do , you know I can 't gesture , JOEL : He asked me ! - , speak to you in his study , Miss Hunter , - But , Oh , you mean , the real Minister , - Yes , ma 'am , - Thank you , I 'll be right back , TOM : Oh man , did I really just ask her to marry me ? What was I thinking ? - You wanted to see me , Reverend ? [ TOM GROANS ] [ SCREAMS ] JOEL : It 's the sleeper , and that 's illegal submission hold , CROW : Two points , - Where 's Pat ? - Minister sent for her , JOEL : Well , what 's he gonna do , his horticulture , hypnotism , or ventriloquist act ? TOM : Oh , probably ventriloquism , Always a crowd pleasure , JOEL : She 's in the right position for it , CROW : Say hello to the folks , Bobby , Hello , Bobby , hello , - I 'll be right back , JOEL [ IMITATES LUGOSI ] : She 'll be perfect for my experiments , CROW : She 's acting a little wooden , - Oh Pat ? TOM : Everyone on stage for the big Cossack number , Five minutes , JOEL : Hmm ? CROW : What the , ? Cheap door , TOM : A midget in a stairwell , You can 't really get much shorter than that , CROW : He makes it seem like we 're in an airplane , [ ♪ ] JOEL : There 's that Laurel and Hardy music again , [ GUNSHOT ] TOM : Oh1 Nice shot , CROW : Trying to kneecap Bela , - Please , Master ! Don 't leave me , JOEL : Oh , that 's cold , Oh great , Tony , You shot a midget , I hope you sleep well tonight , Real nice , CROW : I didn 't know , JOEL : They got a new garage door opener , TOM : Cloris is the only one left , JOEL : It 's the old fashioned kind of garage door opener , TOM : An old woman ? JOEL : Yeah , CROW : Hey , don 't bruise the goods , - Toby , my son , Where is , TOM : Table for one ? - Toby 's gone , He was careless , - You shouldn 't have left , - [ indistinct ] Where 's the Countess ? - Waiting , as usual , - Hurry up , Let 's go , CROW : She 's the worst mother in the world , JOEL : Oh , that 's a great lab , Nice dirt floor , real sanitary , you know ? [ GROANING ] - There was trouble ? - Yes , but we 'll be finished before anyone finds us , - But the brides , What will we do without them ? - We have to leave them here , - Which means I will perish ! - [ indistinct ] In the meantime , we take this one with us , - What are you waiting for ? JOEL : He 's gotta dress again , takes a really long time , - Well , my dear , CROW : He looks good for being in a truck , in a bag , JOEL : Nice quaff , - I would have preferred that you would be a bride , but it really doesn 't matter , You 'll serve our purpose just as well , - Now both of my sons are gone , You betrayed me , Master , [ GASPS ] JOEL : That 's the price you pay for being a sideshow pass around , - I have work to do , TOM : He 's really not a good man , Turn off The Little Rascals Music too , JOEL : Time for the ear piercing , CROW : Get that paper punch , TOM : It just never heals well with a dead person , CROW : Hey Cloris , what 's up ? Oh yikes ! - No ! No ! - You betrayed me , Master , You shouldn 't have done it , CROW : He got the point , TOM : Due to the nature of this film , no one will be admitted during the tragic punching scenes , [ MOANING ] CROW : Hey , you 've got a , TOM : You 've got something , , on the corner of your mouth , you might want to get that , yeah , CROW : Why you , I oughta , JOEL [ IMITATE LUGOSI ] : These frat parties are awesome ! I 'm wasted , - You stay here and cover this room , CROW : Quick , everybody up here , - Your hand is unsteady , TOM : Of course it 's unsteady , I 've just been stabbed by a second rate character actress , [ GROANS ] CROW : Quick , through here everybody , And in through here , Down here , Right , In through here , [ SCREAMS ] CROW : Nice swoon , - Pat ! Pat ? Pat ? - Is she dead ? - No , just scared to death , [ SIGHS ] - Alright , break it up , We 've got headlines to write , - Do I get a byline ? [ CHUCKLES ] - After this , you can have a clothesline with my shirt on it , JOEL : That old clothesline joke , - I now pronounce you man and wife , JOEL : And man , - Finally make a newspaper woman out of you and then you have to go and quit , - And to think that this was the cause of it all , [ LAUGHS ] TOM : [ indistinct ] , JOEL : We better get out of here , I sense , [ ALL YELLING ] - Okay , it 's that time , It 's the end of the movie and it 's time for some ram chip action , okay , - Wow ! - You know what to do , Tom Servo , why don 't you tell us about it buddy ? - Okay , Mr , Patronize , We say something good about the movie and something bad about the movie and then we get a ram chip , Right , To Sir With Love ? - Yeah , and I think I 'm going to start with Crow while you adjust your attitude , alright ? Okay Crow , give me a good thing about the movie , give me a bad thing about the movie , - Good thing about the movie was , we got to meet an entire family of mutants , - Right , and the bad thing ? - Bad thing was , they 're so stupid they tried to commit inconspicuous murder on the most conspicuous day of a woman 's life , - You , my friend , get a ram chip , - Ah ! - There you go , alright , good , Oops , fell out there , Okay , anyway , Tom Servo , Now , tell me a bad thing about the movie , - Well , it was painfully long , the color was nonexistent , it was a bad print , it was really hard to watch Bela Lugosi 's already mediocre career , - Okay , okay , that 's good , - , total obscurity , - Okay , that 's good , Now just give me a good thing , - A good thing , hmm , um , - Get a ram chip , - Um , - Just give me a good thing , pal , What 's wrong ? Can 't you think of a good thing about the movie ? - A good thing , something is wrong , [ PANTING ] Easy , - Whoa ! - Oh , man , Crow , you gotta go get my tools , Tom Servo is toasted , This one 's fried , Anyway , scientists , what 'd you think of that one ? - Hey , it blew up one of those little drone things , I 'll make a note to get more movies just like that , - Yes , Here Larry , file this , - Yeah , - Well , bye for now , my little space biscuit , [ ♪ ]
