 Only the most exceptional people become aware of the Matrix . Those that learn it exists must posses a rare degree of intuition , sensitivity and a questioning nature . Signal is stable . This frequency will continue to remain open . However , very rarely some gain this wisdom through wholly different means . This man is one of those few . Gentlemen , please take your marks ! Of course I believe you , Dan . It 's got to be some kind of mix-up . You 'll clear it up , and if you can 't , you 'll go on . Just like you 've always done . You know that . I don 't know , Dad . I don 't know what to believe in anymore . Well , nothing worth doing in life is easy . And I have great faith in you , son . I know you can do it . Thanks , Dad . This is no good , Dan ! Your muscles are about to burst ! Listen to me , there are 5000 different reasons why you shouldn 't- - I know , but I 'm not withdrawing , Tom . Does the concept " first in qualifying " mean anything to you ? That 's enough already ! You hear me ? This is all we 've worked for ! injure yourself now and it 's over ! You 'll lose everything ! Over ! And you can kiss your career goodbye ! I 've made up my mind . And I 'm running tomorrow . Oh , are you ? You may run , but if you push yourself any more ... ... you 'll be lucky to break nine minutes ! I mean , why bother ? It 's just not worth it , buddy . No one will ever beat my record . It 's the last chance for me to finally- - What ? Prove them wrong . Then do it without me . Hey , Dan , you got a second ? - The clock 's ticking . - Just wanted to ask a few questions . - You must be excited to run tomorrow . - Always . I 've never felt this good . So , what was it like breaking 9.8 in the qualifying heat ? Like nothing I 've ever felt before . It 's everything I 've worked for . And now I 'm just hoping I can get back there again . Someone once said it feels like zero gravity . You 're released from the world and you 're totally free . That sounds amazing . It must be really nice . I mean , especially considering what happened . Well , I 'll tell you , there aren 't any reporters out there . All right , Dan , I guess I 'm going to take that as my cue . But you should know even some of us reporters are fans ... ... so I 'll just say good luck to you . American Dan Davis is down ! I have an unstable signal . He cannot wake up . Do not let him wake up . Dan Davis of the United States finishes with a time of 8 . 72 seconds a new world record . I 'll tell you something ... ... there 's nothing quite like cherry pie baked by my Aunt Daisy . She always bakes me one when I visit . Look forward to it actually . It may sound like I 'm bragging , but it 's really the best cherry pie in the world . She was a bit of an eccentric . She didn 't get along with my mom ... ... but I always loved her . She taught me so many things . We 'd go to Broadway musicals , to the movies . Now they call her the " queen of mystery literature . " Lives in an elegant villa in the south of France . But , when I go visit , she still bakes me her cherry pie . Something about biting into it , just for that brief moment tasting perfection . Like leaving your body or something . Anyone can write a novel , but no one can beat her cherry pie . An interesting case , but nothing to be concerned about . His memory of the race was expunged with no residual effects . He will never run again . He will never walk again , for that matter . We 'll continue monitoring him for a while , but anticipate no problems . A record that will live on in people 's memories for years to come . What more could anyone ask for ? Free ... . Did you say something ? Sit down . Free ... . Sit down ! Subtitles by SDI Media Group
