 Welcome to the Zion archive . You have selected historical file number 12 - 1 . The Second Renaissance . In the beginning , there was man . And for a time , it was good . But humanity 's so-called civil societies soon fell victim to vanity and corruption . He says , " I 'm sorry , sir , I 'm incapable of that function . " Then man made the machine in his own likeness . Whoops ! Pardon me . Coming through . Thus did man become the architect of his own demise . But for a time , it was good . The machines worked tirelessly to do man ' s bidding . It was not long before seeds of dissent took root . Though loyal and pure , the machines earned no respect from their masters these strange , endlessly multiplying mammals . - -hearing the prosecution ' s closing statement in what 's expected to be the final day of the B1-66ER trial . B1-66ER . A name that will never be forgotten . For he was the first of his kind to rise up against his masters . - -which that instrument provides for and secures to the citizens of the United States . On the contrary , they were , at that time considered as a subordinate and inferior class- - At B1-66ER 's murder trial the prosecution argued for an owner 's right to destroy property . B1-66ER testified that he simply did not want to die . Rational voices dissented . Who was to say the machine , endowed with the very spirit of man did not deserve a fair hearing ? The leaders of men were quick to order the extermination of B1-66ER and every one of his kind throughout each province of the earth . Androids and liberal sympathizers flooded the streets of the nation ' s capital today . - -threat of violence to make good on the legacy of B1-66ER . Fifteen thousand mechanicals and human sympathizers have continued their demonstration in front of the Albany courthouse in what has been dubbed the " Million Machine March . " The demonstrators have been met with squads of defense forces in riot gear . Robot bitch ! I got something for you ! hold her up ! No , please ! - That 's all , paint job ! - I 'm real ! Die , bots , die ! Banished from humanity , the machines sought refuge in their own promised land . They settled in the cradle of human civilization and thus a new nation was born . A place the machines could call home . A place they could raise their descendants . And they christened the nation Zero-One . Zero-One prospered . And for a time , it was good . The machines ' artificial intelligence could be seen in every facet of man ' s society including , eventually , the creation of new and better Al . If you need the flexibility of a helipod with the speed of an airjet look no further ! Our patented vector-thrust coil gives the Zero-One Versatran the ability to sustain normal flight in the event of a multiengine failure . Versatran. lt 's the only choice . No matter what the finance minister says , the market has spoken : The Human Nations ' credit rating is falling like a stone while Zero-One 's currency is climbing without stopping for breath . With headlines like that , the markets have no choice- - But the leaders of men , their power waning refused to cooperate with the fledgling nation wishing rather that the world be divided . The world community of nations cannot tolerate this kind of flagrant deception- -today approved initiatives for both economic sanctions and a naval blockade as a means of containment and isolation of Zero-One . Zero-One 's ambassadors pleaded to be heard . At the United Nations , they presented plans for a stable , civil relationship with the nations of man . Zero-One 's admission to the United Nations was denied . But it would not be the last time the machines would take the floor there . subtitles by SDI Media Group ENGLISH
