 And man said , " Let there be light . " And he was blessed by light , heat , magnetism , gravity and all the energies of the universe . The prolonged barrage engulfed Zero-One in the glow of a thousand suns . But unlike their former masters with their delicate flesh the machines had little to fear of the bombs ' radiation and heat . Thus did Zero-One 's troops advance outwards in every direction . And one after another , mankind surrendered its territories . So the leaders of men conceived of their most desperate strategy yet . A final solution : The destruction of the sky . Lt. Gaeda , please report to the Op Center . All right , you maggots ! At 0800 , prepare to move out ! George Company , prepare to move out . Charlie Company , prepare to move out . Our Father who art in heaven , we thank you for your ... . Put on your spiritual armor to stand against the wiles of the devil . hotel Bravo , this is Papa One . Operation Dark Storm initiated . Thus would man try to cut the machines off from the sun their main energy source . May there be mercy on man and machine for their sins . - Go ! Go ! - Kill them ! Kill them all ! Kill them all ! Kill them all ! Fire in the hole ! Come on , get back out there . Give us some more artillery . Fire the gun ! Fire the gun ! - -9 o ' clock , near Mike Johnson ' s- - Hold on , I 'm coming to get you ! Keep firing , keep firing ! Help me ! Help me ! No ! Help me ! My God , help me ! The machines , having long studied men ' s simple , protein-based bodies dispensed great misery upon the human race . Victorious , the machines now turned to the vanquished . Applying what they had learned about their enemy the machines turned to an alternate and readily available power supply : The bioelectric , thermal and kinetic energies of the human body . A newly-fashioned symbiotic relationship between the two adversaries was born . The machine drawing power from the human body an endlessly multiplying , infinitely renewable energy source . This is the very essence of the Second Renaissance . Bless all forms of intelligence . Your flesh is a relic , a mere vessel . Hand over your flesh , and a new world awaits you . We demand it . It 's getting late , sweetie . Come inside . subtitles by SDI Media Group ENGLISH
