 Listen , Samuel , are you alone ? I can talk . What is it ? He 's going to do it again I 've seen him It was Daniel What 'll we do ? Listen , Adrian I know it 's difficult but you have to go to the police There 's no alternative I hope you know what you 're doing Trust me , Adrian My colleague wanted to beat you up I said there were other ways to make you talk Have you ever seen an alcoholic with delirium tremens ? First the walls crack , then insects appear everywhere That 's nothing compared to this When this takes effect , you 'll wish you 'd been beaten up Someone from Spain wants to see you It must be important I 'm going to see this very important person I can practise my Spanish a bit Then I 'll have a quiet lunch with my family And if you haven 't recovered your memory , we 'll try this How about lunch ? I can 't today . Tomorrow Julien ! Come on , love ! Mama , I 've made some new friends ! In recent weeks , there were four murders Only four ? Look in the paper , you 'll see a lot more You didn 't want these ones reported Well if what you say is true and I 'm not saying it is what do you know about these murders ? The victims have got nothing in common Not their ages , not their jobs , nothing Except for a note left behind by the murderer with the same word What 's the word ? Utopia ? Have to come to tell me what it means ? But I can help you find the murderer In exchange for what ? You destroy those notes You remove any reference to Utopia Utopia has got nothing to do with this What is Utopia ? That doesn 't matter now We have to stop him . He 's going to kill again Daniel ! Where are they ? Dad ! Where are your wife and son ? Right there . Why ? Dad ! There 's a bomb ( Six years later ) Hello The sun goes down , you come through the door I 'm amazed Always so punctual Do you mind if I leave early ? Fridays seem to go on forever Look The change is here Right I couldn 't stand the night shift Aren 't you sick of it ? I like it You don 't have to talk to anyone Don 't say you were passing by , I don 't believe it We have to talk . About what ? I 've had nothing to say to you for years ( Dream with monster ) Caonabo ! You don 't want to look but you can 't help seeing Leave me alone Samuel ... Samuel has had a heart attack That 's him , isn 't it ? Yes He came here two years ago , more or less How does he get on with the others in the orphanage ? A few weeks ago he told a boy who 's picking on him that he 'd burn in hell The next day , the boy burned himself with a lighter It blew up in his hand Since then , the others don 't go near him Shall we go to my office ? Where are you taking him ? To Salamanca Here it is This is your new home You 'll like it Go on in All these books are full of fantastic things Wells Verne All of them could see things that passed through their minds Things that hadn 't happened yet They were people like you Like me He 's here Everything gradually disappears as you 've done in the last six years Have they started again ? You can 't reject your visions , Adrian , they 're part of you of the world around you Don 't let them turn into nightmares There is ... a girl ... in South America She 's holding a dead child in her arms And it keeps repeating What else ? There are people with guns She couldn 't prevent the child 's death Her name is Angela You have to find her and bring her to me It 's important For whom ? For us For Utopia No You haven 't understood My life has got nothing to do with that now Daniel went crazy , but that doesn 't mean it 'll happen to you You can 't deny what you are And you can 't stop me seeing ... how people die without being able to help them Map of South America Pin board with photos . Her as a child with an adult her father , I guess , in army uniform There are also hunting photos , a few postcards ... Books ? Nietzsche , Freud , Che Guevara Contemporary History of South America Psychology , anthropology . Religious books ? Yes , Sociology of Religion New Age ? Ufology ? A Bible ? Yes , there 's one on the shelf Untouched , from her First Communion ? Exactly Photos of her mother ? There 's one hanging behind you Describe the frame and also the frame of the photo by the computer , if there is one A gold frame , and it 's a studio photo And yes , there 's a computer with a photo It 's a small photo , wooden frame , ethnic motifs It 's Angela with an Indian child And she looks happy That 's enough for now The report from Bolivia about Angela 's kidnapping was false Angela set it up She took the ransom money and gave it to the sect The sect ? I thought they were guerrillas There are many groups there who mix arms with Christianity This is what we know about groups in the area where Angela diappeared There are about twenty Black Light , Mayayas , the Jaguar ... The rubber companies hire paramilitaries to exterminate the Indians How do you know my daughter is still alive ? This was taken two days ago in Barajas airport She 's with some men and we suppose they belong to ... What exactly do you do ? We bring back people captured by sects The police can 't interfere if they are adults It 's against freedom of worship I meant your methods We track down the follower We kidnap him and submit him to a deprogramming process ... to turn him back into what he was And if it doesn 't work ? Why does Angela have a photo of you hidden away as if she 'd like to forget it ? You gave it to her yourself After hearing what we 're going to do to your daughter do you want to hire us ? Find my daughter and bring her back Or whatever is left of her Who is Angela ? You kept repeating her name all night How long have I been like this ? A whole day What did you see ? They 're getting stronger It 's as if someone ... were beating my head open so as to make room for her I feel her fear as I 've never felt it before You 're both afraid Do you really think we can stop this ? You must have faith , Adrian We have to help Angela I need you to bring her here We 've had visions ... Well , Adrian ! We woke you up This is Adrian . Hello Adrian They 're all friends of mine They 're booksellers too Some have come from far away ... to look for clues among the lost books that will help us to know the people who will be important for humanity That 's why we 're here , Adrian Utopia finds those anonymous people ... who , unknowingly , will do something to change the ways of the world Only by seeing the future ... can we know who they are to look after them , so that they may become what is not yet written We were very keen to meet you We 'd heard about you He asked if what you write in your notebook are your dreams Can we show it to him ? Do you write down dreams you 've had when you 're asleep or awake ? Awake Very good Continue like that At night , we only dream what we 've experienced what has happened But the dreams we have when we 're awake ... tell us about things that haven 't happened yet And that 's what matters We 're sorry about the state Samuel is in This is a bitter time for everyone Our knowledge is being lost What 's the use of knowing who to protect ... if there are less and less of us to do it ? It 's as if everything were falling from our hands and there 's no one to pick it up Will you go to look for Angela ? It 's the last thing I 'll do for Utopia We respect your decision You know where to begin ? Yes What do I have to do with her ? You 'll know when you find her Sleeper train from Paris arriving at Platform 7 Hey ! Hey ! Herve Gvedian ? Herve Gvedian ? No , Herve Guedian Right . I 'm Ramiro Munoz . The Captain sent me My pleasure Captain Serrano My pleasure Are you nervous about working for a blind man ? No , not at all No ? Are you sure ? You had to dry the sweat on your right hand before you greeted me May I ? I 'll take you to your hotel , it 's very near You bastard ! Always the same routine Everyone is nervous about working for a blind man What do you get out of it ? At least I know what tone people use when they lie What are these photos , Samuel ? Is that your family ? No Come The photos help me to dream when I 'm awake to see things things that you and I can see about others So can I see whatever I want ? If you look at sky at night can you decide which stars you see ? You can only choose between opening your eyes wide or closing them and saying that the stars aren 't there Keep looking Some faces will be familiar as if you 'd seen them already in a dream Look at them Yes , you saw that . Don 't turn around , keep looking Don 't be scared I 'm still here with you Just look at them Some haven 't even been born yet But sooner or later they 'll all cross your path and then you can help them with your ability to see the future In a way you still don 't understand , they 're in your care Why ? Because they 're special and fragile No , Adrian , no ! Take it easy , Adrian I don 't want to see anything . You 'll learn I 've got a list of companies operating in that area with offices in Madrid Drug companies , hotels and an engineering group What are they building ? A dam Let 's start there That 's where we 're going We 'll need all these things Any problem ? No ... Well , yes , I didn 't know I was going to be an errand boy What do you suppose your job is ? As far as I know , it 's to find some kid put her in the trunk and , at most beat up whoever gets in our way you don 't mind that part ? Well , I prefer beating people up to running errands Forget the list , I 'll do it Where did you find that guy ? Global Concept is a multinational ... with 1,000 employees in 13 countries This dam is their biggest project to date ... There are some steps Now ... in the area where Angela disappeared They say that the engineer ... A revolving door , here That the engineer building the dam is a genius He 's called Ernesto Villa Give me strength , give me power , give me clairvoyance Give me strength , give me power , give me clairvoyance Herve ! How are you , big eyes ? You look well , captain I called you right away Where did you find him ? On a garbage tip Obviously he had no I.D. But I 'd say he 'd involved with your investigation He 's a man of about thirty , with Indian features His abdomen has been slit open in a very irregular way I suppose they did it with a large knife But that wasn 't the cause of death His digestive system is full of drugs A mule ? Yes , one of the bags must have burst They took out the rest before he was even cold Cocaine or ... ? What killed him was a pure concentrate of dimethyltryptamine Dimethyltryptamine is ayahuasca , the shamans ' drug It makes you think you 've contacted your spiritual being And the price is sky high That 's it , thank you Hey , you two ! We haven 't finished yet A little present A jaguar I 've found her Just keep an eye on her I 'd need a minimum of contact with her Wait for instructions How is Samuel ? He 's still the same Excuse me Give me one reason not to kill you Fr . Ochoa worked for years on the Bolivian border My source says he knows the local groups too well What do you mean ? He might have joined one of them The Order used his illness to bring him back to Spain Right What doe he have ? Cancer of the Colon . He 's very ill I 've never seen her What do you know about the Jaguar ? Jaguar ? It 's a sect that operated in your area Why are you asking about them ? You didn 't answer me Neither did you We think Angela joined them and is now in Spain with some members No , that 's impossible There 's an Indian in the Morgue , tattooed like a jaguar He died smuggling drugs into the country Are they that dangerous ? We 're talking about the jungle , it 's a strange place Some go there trying to give meaning to their lives But if they can 't live with gratutious death and injustice they get confused They may even go mad Is that what happened to Angela ? No , it isn 't just that There are infiltrators ... who use the Indians for their own interests For example , to bring out ayahuasca and distribute it Is Angela an infiltrator ? I don 't know ! I told you I don 't know her It isn 't right for a priest to lie You 're wrong It 's the most important part of our job It isn 't just drugs . There 's something else They 're getting ready to kill someone But she doesn 't even know about it We can 't go to the police We 'd be sending her to jail We learned a lot from your experience Angela 's family have hired Herve Guedian Now he deprograms people captured by sects I told you to keep away from her I saw myself with Angela in the place where they 're hiding I know I have a chance to talk to her alone They 'll interrogate you . They 'll kill you If it weren 't worth it Samuel wouldn 't have sent me Have you ever had a vision of your own death ? Not of mine You 're lucky Hello , Angela Get down on the floor ! I 'm alone and I 'm not armed Who are you ? Who are you ? I just want to help you Help me ? How do you know my name ? Are you a policeman ? No Who are you ? Who are you ? Who are you ? My name is Adrian and I want to help you , Angela Stop calling me Angela Did my mother send you ? You work ... for my mother No , but when they come , tell them I do You have to get away Get away from who ? From you ? You shouldn 't be with them Come with me Give me one reason not to kill you Caonabo What did he say ? Nothing How did he get in ? I don 't know He was here when I arrived It 's obvious , my mother sent him He 's a danger Anything wrong ? Get some rest . I 'll take over When you came in I recognized you You were following me the other day But I saw you before that How did you know about Caonabo ? Caonabo ... was the boy who was always with you He died in your arms But you weren 't there It 's true , I wasn 't You 're the only survivor the only one who knew that name . So how do I know it ? I 've seen a lot of thngs about you I 've seen a floor ... covered with blood A man tied up and that guy going up to him with a knife Shut up , will you ? You know all about me , don 't you ? You know that the paramilitaries held me incommnicado for months and beat me up ? And that guy as you call him saved my life Then I knew the only way to defend myself was with a gun in my hand I don 't know why I 'm telling you this Angela when all that I 've told you starts to happen run away ... before they kill you or force you to kill When will you do it ? It has to be tomorrow , on the way This thing is getting out of control You can 't sell ayahuasca You told me that Are we traffickers ? Why are we here ? Why are we here ? Yes , why ? Cholo ! We 're here to teach a lesson to assert ourselves The firms who send those engineers have to pay a price ... for going into our territory That 's why we 're here That 's why the plan is only to kidnap that engineer Angela ... I know you 're strong I wanted you to come with us because you need someone ... to help bring out what you 've got there inside you I did it for me too You scare me Me ? Yes , you No Wait ! You 're going to do it Move Come on Keep going Keep going Angela ... Keep going Listen to me , please . Turn around Shut up , and don 't look at me Everything I told you is true ! Keep going ! Commander you really think the princess will do it ? Give me your gun Angela , listen to me Angela ... Don 't look at me Don 't look at me ! You must believe me Keep going You don 't have to kill me , please . Move ! Go on ! Kneel down ! Kneel down ! You needn 't kill me Hey . Where 's Chambers ? That way Fuck it ! Hey , Chambers Hey , man Anything new going around ? There 's nothing new here Ayahuasca ? You sure ? Yes ? Following the trail of the drugs won 't help you Who are you ? Who are you ? I 'm nobody They 're nice . Yeah , they are How much ? 85 euros And if I ask for your papers ? If I do that , how much ? Take them There 's nothing here How did you get this number ? What does that matter ? It isn 't important The people with Angela are going into action Why are you telling me this ? Santa Isabel Street Opposite the market Tell me , what people ? Hey ! Hey ! No , not you You 've done enough today Come on ! You needn 't kill me Are you all right ? Don 't move Don 't move What 's going on ? What are you doing here ? I 've got money I 'll give you what you want That isn 't the reason for our visit Is there anyone else here ? No Check it out I swear I 'll say nothing God ... ! You ask God for help now when one of His greatest creations is going to be destroyed by your dam your fucking dam Don 't say a word Give me strength , give me power give me clairvoyance Can you run very fast ? Then run and don 't stop . Run ! Give me strength , give me power , give me clairvoyance ! Shit ! It happened like you said Hello , Angela Don 't hang up I know what you 're looking for The money isn 't there Angela there are things you still don 't understand But you do know that you can 't leave us You know that What difference is there between you and all that I hate ? There 's nowhere you can hide . I 'll find you Angela ! Let 's go ! I 've got no idea She 's with some guy I 'm following her . Understand Hello . Herve ! Yes ? I 've got the engineer , he 's dead They 've found the engineer , he 's dead Captain ? I 'm still here . No , Serrano , will you listen ? I 'll tell you where to look , but leave Angela out of this He 's a young man , but I can 't see him clearly Stop What is it ? We 're being followed This way ! They 're heading for the tunnels ! Follow them , I 'm on my way This way ! This way ! Police ! Ramiro ! Ramiro ! They 're here ! Yes , I 've lost them They 're going down a level . Roger ' " Roger ' " ? Turn off the TV , Ramiro ! Stop ! Stop ! Police ! Ramiro , no guns ! You , lie on the ground . Wait a minute C 'mon , sister , down on the ground . Get down on the ground ! On the ground ! Hold it Can you move ? Don 't move Come on . Take it easy What are you doing ? Come on ! I can 't believe she 's left us Shut up ! Give me light , give me strength , give me power Give me light , give me strength give me power Tell them we 've lost one of ours Someone call his wife Captain someone to see you There are some plastic bags full of drugs bundles of banknotes , cigarette ends ... Can you tell me what 's going on , Herve ? Ritual killings What have you found ? Just two men . They 're over here and they 're dead You 'll find prints of the girl I 'm looking for Get rid of them Are you crazy ? You know what you 're asking ? Yes , and I know that it 's hard She 's not involved . I told you , keep her out of this There 's something else What ? There was someone with her . We need to know who he is Can I take a look ? Sure Ramiro ! Ramiro ! Yes ! Get everyone out of here You heard There 's a room with two mattresses and some clothes Here 's another one There 's at least three of them Did you kick the door open ? Yes , it was locked From inside ? Could a man get through that window ? Give me strength ... I took some clothes This was the only medicine I could find You don 't have any furniture . You don 't have anything Drink up Drink up You live like a monk I bet that 's your first drink Let me see Right I 've done this before . I 've taken out bullets . Delivered babies ... Over there , the government doesn 't send docotors They let the Indians die You 're lucky . It 's just a scratch Right , that 's it How are you ? Drunk Take it easy Good What the fuck ... ! What is this ? What is this ? These photos help me These photos help you In this photo , I 'm two years old In this one , with my father I was five And this one , and this one ... I don 't remember this photo Who took this ? I don 't even remember it ! You 've got my whole fucking life here in photos ! How do you know things no one can know ? Because other people help me too Who ? Who ? Who ? Who is helping you ? Please Utopia Utopia Utopia helped me to see more To see what ? What we 're not allowed to see The future The future I saw my parents ' death before they left home Utopia helped me develop that ability to see things that hadn 't happened yet And ... with that gift to be able to help people in secret People like you , who 'll do things , change things Like me ? You saw something in me ? Samuel saw it That 's why I want you to meet him He 's the person who taught me How do I know it 's true ? I knew you 'd come How long have you known that we were here They were asking me about you Who ? They were looking for Angela Look at me . I 'm rotting away Do you think I care ? I said no one could leave And so you 've come to kill the traitor ? Forgive me , father for what I 'm going to do Forgive you for killing me ? Fuck you ! The priest is dead My bosses know that , apart from those butchers someone else is involved She 's armed , a drug dealer , an accomplice to murder What are you asking ? You want the one who got away ? I 'll get him for you Tell me who the boy is , who 's with her Adrian Vega You know him No I don 't know the name Too bad I want to know at all times everything you know Herve , in this case I can 't look the other way Does that affect your rates ? Don 't fuck with me , eh ? We 've lost police coverage Herve is Adrian Vega the one who ... ? Yes Did you have one of your dreams ? What did you see ? Nothing Do you always bleed ? When ... I try to deny them Did you see how it ends ? He won 't stop until he kills me right ? Wait here , I 'll get the keys Good afternoon Good afternoon What do you want ? To help you , I told you already I left an envelope for you at Reception with an address in Salamanca You 'll find Angela there Is Adrian with her ? Yes Why are you telling me this ? How do I know you 're not lying ? There was an envelope ... Where is he ? Who ? The man who was talking to me There 's no one here . Who was he ? Utopia Something 's wrong Samuel ! He said he 'd wait here Let 's go With Ramiro ? We 'll call him from Salamanca . He must be scared to death He isn 't the only one who 's scared Come on What do you know about the man who 's helping us ? What if it 's a trap ? Forget about what happened to you Drop it , Herve Forget it Let 's go home I can 't . I can 't You can drop it if you want I 'm going to see it through It was my family And what am I ? I wasted six years trying not to see And I didn 't see that Samuel was going to die I only had to learn to think and to do something real with what I see I 've spent ... a lot of time fighting against what I see Now I just want to stop to understand I don 't know if the place I imagined really exists Utopia means ' " without a place ' " Not that it doesn 't exist but that it still doesn 't have a place that it doesn 't have a place yet but it will It 's going to happen ? It 's happening here so that it will happen here So that it will exist . So that it will exist here Like you First you were here , and now you 're here With you Let 's go away No , I can 't protect you . They can Let 's go way now , anywhere This time it 's my turn and I don 't want to die Will you be with me ? Yes ? Hello , Adrian When did Samuel die ? When ? Three days ago Adrian ... I couldn 't tell you . You 'll understand later What matters now is that you don 't move from there Don 't leave the bookstore . We 're on our way Adrian ... Adrian , do you hear me ? What did they say ? Wait here Angela ! Don 't move Bring Adrian here Adrian ... Yes , I only need a few hours And then I 'll start on Angela Bring Adrian here ! Adrian ! Angela get out of this room as soon as you can As soon as you have the slightest chance , get out of this room and don 't come back in here What are you doing ? You 're coming with me Where ? And Angela ? She 's staying here She can 't stay in this room , you have to get her out of here ! Stand up It 's Herve who wants to talk to you Leave us on our own How did you find us ? What does that matter now ? They 're using you Who ? But they don 't know what I know What do you know ? Angela is going to die in this house We have to get out of here It 's possible Your warnings come late but they 're usually right Don 't move Don 't move , or I 'll shoot you And bring me home dead ? That would really upset my mother Do you think so ? I think she couldn 't care less Untie me You 're an accomplice to murder That should never have happened What does he want ? What does he want from Adrian ? Something he 'll never find Do you have a wife and children ? We have to get out out of here Imagine that someone told you you 'd never see them again that you had to open your eyes very wide to hold on to them Would you have done it ? I did That morning , you said there was a bomb I turned , and the last thing I saw was my family being blown up When the glass shattered my eyes were wide open ! You can tear me apart but you won 't get inside my head Do they train you for this in Utopia ? It hurts , doesn 't it ? What I know is important to you Get us out of here and we can start to talk Not a chance ! There 's no time . She 's going to die in this house Get us out of here . I 've got all the time in this world Get Angela out of here and I 'll stay with you Did you know who my family was ? Did you know about the bomb ? The self-fulfilling prophecy The person who planted the bomb ... was a member of Utopia Tell me what I don 't know Having all that power drove him mad How did it drive him mad ? He ended up causing ... what he knew could possibly happen He must have seen our next movement , he knew I would ... be in the police station and ... He wanted to kill himself in front of me Why my wife and my son ? It 's too late They 're here Why did he kill my wife and my son ? Bad luck , Herve That 's all it was Your family happened to be passing by Until I went into your office I didn 't know who they were I saw it as clearly as I am now seeing ... that they 're coming to kill us Bad luck That 's all Bad luck That 's it , that 's it We have to get out of here Come on Why , Angela ? Why are you forcing me to do this ? I saved your life And now you 're going to kill me ? Get out of the way Drop the gun Don 't be stupid Bastard ! Are you all right ? You 're alive Adrian years ago I told you you couldn 't control the number of stars you see in the sky That 's true but it 's also true that some stars die and while their last glimmer is travelling towards us we think they are still there Now you know that some of your visions some of them , are no more than that Hello ? The image of something that doesn 't exist And you can do something to change them My flight leaves in a few hours A friend is waiting for me in Bogota What ? Stay It 's important that I go Until I met you I thought the future couldn 't be changed Samuel knew I 'd take that step only for you Shall we meet again ? Yes You know that because you 've seen it No , because I want it Samuel asked me to give you this when you got out of hospital If you 're reading this letter , it means all has turned out well even though I 'm not there to see it In all that has happened Samuel told me exactly what I had to do I know Do you understand , Adrian ? Not acting and letting ourselves be carried along by life ... is what can drive us crazy No one can put an end to your gift . This is impossible What I do hope is that I have ended your nightmares That depends only on you , my boy It depends only on you Utopia , Utopia , Utopia ...
