 At the end of a war which lasted 50 years The Great Asian Federation has defeated the European Federation Almost all of the Eurasian continent has been brought under control But the severe discrimination and oppression of the government which strived for Unitarianism has ignited terrorist uprisings everywhere . Among which the war of the 7th district has worsened dramatically . The Military Department has decided to assign more troops in order to crush the resistance . Many young people are being sent there . ¡ ìC A S S H E R N ¡ í ... That I , today , on this meeting of the Health Department of the Glorious Asian Federate Republic ... may present the findings of my research to you is truly a great honour . As you all know Our country has improved prosperity on the whole of the Eurasian continent But we should not stop here and rest We should strive for even greater prosperity . The very first issue to solve is Public Health . radioactive and Industrial waste , bacteria used in chemical warfare More than 60 % of all our citizens suffer from these life-threatening diseases The situation is becoming dangerous Especially the physical mutation rate has risen to a hopeless level Already our current medical technology fails to offer treatment . I will now present you the results of our research Which is ShinzoSepo ( Neo-Cell ) ! The findings of my research was the discovery of the existence of a special cell which I call NeoCell . The NeoCell is the sourcecell which can be transformed into any kind of human cells . Into all organs , skin , bone , sinew , nails , haircells . Since this NeoCell is biologically produced Whenever you need an organ you can make one . Just like that ! You could even generate a whole body ! And there are no rejection syptoms This is exactly what we all have been waiting for . It is the dream of a new technology . What is the practical use of it ? If I had the facilities then I could now .. Its only a theory ... we have many researchprojects too . Father , are you going to listen to this ? Until now this theory could not be tested But ... if you provide me with the facilities and the budget for my research then all citizens could benefit greatly from this . You and your children ... Your parents ... and .. My beloved wife ! Luna ! Let 's get married when the war is over . Ok . Are we fighting so that we can enjoy to see this kind of landscape ? 50 years is so awfully long . Now I don 't even have the strength left to crawl ... I have read your thesis . Regeneration through NeoCells It is really a marvellous new technology . IF you really can make it work . Of course I can . if you can continue your research , right ? Dr. Azuma ! Those bunch of Health Department stiffheads can 't recognise the value of your research . No , it wouldn 't be good if they could . Because here the word for ' original human has become a taboo . I believe I haven 't introduced myself yet , I am Naito Kairo from the Naitco Hairol Company Actually we were ordered by someone to build a researchfacility for you based on your thesis . What ... How ? - The Military gets around .. General Kamichu ? Perhaps if you would like to come by tomorrow ? The Army base is where your research facility is located . Your wife ... You said she was ill ? What do you have to say ? Together ... we can make our dreams come true . - Azuma Residence - Mr. Kozuki ! Just a little bit to the right .. Yes , that 's good . And perhaps if you put your hand on your daughter 's shoulder ? Aah yes , great . Ready ! Are you thinking of going to Kyoko ( city ) ? Yes ! Even though you are sick ? Does Luna have any idea ? If my friends are fighting I can 't just stay behind . Don 't you want to become a doctor ? I only want to serve my country . You don 't know what war is ! Well , it 's better than being a coward . Sweetheart ... Can 't we get along just only for today ? Enough mother ! Keep taking pictures , please . Luna ! Congratulations with your engagement ! Thanks , father ! Kozuki ! I 'm so sorry ! Please excuse me , but I have to make preparations for the new research facility - 1 Year Later - - The 7th District Frontline - Shoot ! Fire damn it ! If you don 't shoot I will shoot you ! Midori ! Just hold on a little bit longer ... I will come back and save you ! - Asian Federation Military Base - Please wait a moment . Dr. Azuma ! Dr Kozuki is waiting in the lobby . send him in In here ? - Yes ! - Yes , sir . I 'm sorry that I called you over . - Did you come with Luna ? - Yes , she 's waiting in the lobby . She wanted to have dinner with Midori . That 's a good idea ! Let 's get together and talk sometime . Midori must be lonely too , now . Yes ... Already 1 year has passed . It seems that Luna is having a hardtime cause of this Tetsuya punk . Still no word from him ? At the very least he should write me ... ! For starters he enlisted into the army just to defy me ! Well , he 's a man and isn 't it natural for a man to want to surpass their father ? That prick doesn 't respect me . Because I am too absorbed in my research I have thrown away your family life And I still haven 't been able to save Midori But aren 't you almost finished ? Your NeoCells ... This ... ! Amazing ! already this much ... Good work ! aah well ... If you get injured at the front you can replace it with that . You make people like me , who make armor suits , useless , I 'll lose my job . It 's not finished yet But there 's no time anymore ! Midori ... Is her situation that bad ? She is almost completely blind But she still continues working The structure of the leaves are being destroyed . The color is darkening Aren 't they taken care of ? How are the delegates ? - I don 't know ... - wait ! Did you hear that ? no I didn 't hear anything ... No , someone 's coming . - I 'm sorry but would you check it out for me ? - yes Mother ! I 'm back ! You said you couldn 't make it . Wouldn 't it be better if I helped you ? I have to make it work ! Hello No really ... ! Techuya ! I can 't believe it ... You have returned ! I will have to thank the Gods ! Have you seen Luna yet ? I am about to . You have to , she has been waiting for you ! I know .. Oh just look at how I behave ! She is coming to our house to have dinner with us . Everybody will be so surprised ! Ikakami ! Madam ! What 's wrong ? Techuya ... They say he 's dead ! Sergeant Techuya Azuma ... On 16 September ... has died with honour Sergeant Techuya Azuma has bravely fullfilled his mission till the very end He was truly .. Truly a great soldier He was an gentleman with great compassion He was ... a great warrior . Techuya ! The Military will take care of the funeral of second lieutenant Azuma . We will pay for everything , arrange it according your wishes . Luna ! I have left you alone for meaningless work Even though the most precious thing was right here sitting next to me I didn 't realise that time goes past so fast I know I am too late But from now , I will always be with you His remains will be sent here They will hold a State Funeral for him , Did you tell Midori ... ? They already informed her Abnormality in the Bio-chamber ! We don 't know what 's causing it ! Wrong ! Tank ! Tank ! The circuit can not regenerate ! We have to cut the synclines ! What 's that ? The Bio signature is changing this ... NeoCell ... It 's the NeoCell ! They are joining on their own ... It is regenerating ! Dr Azuma ! What is going on ? Code 206 sound the alarm ! Code 206 ! Its me ! Naito ! Do it ... ! Hurry up ! Dr. Azuma ! We have to leave ! Hey ! Open the door ! Open the damn door ! - Who has ordered a 206 ! - Director Naito ... That stupid shitbrain ! It probably has escaped through the drainage - Look for it ! - wait ! wait ! Bloody wait ! We 're done inside , search outside . Outside ! We don 't take orders from you . I am the one who had the General talk to you ! Your soldiers should just obey me ! Go outside ! Inform the Headoffice ! Luna ... ! My daughter is inside ! I 'll come with you . Luna ! What 's wrong ? It is going this way I will inform you as soon as I know more ... Mother ! Techuya ! Nooo ! Noo ... ! Let 's go inside Get a hold of yourself ! please ! Azuma ! What are you doing ? What are you doing ! Azuma ! Techuya is dead ! I don 't want to come back , father ! Father ... Stop ... Stop I said ! Kozuki ! Help me What happened ? How ... ? Let 's go out through that door Techuya asked you Techuya asked ? What do you mean ... ? He asked you not to change imperfect humans Don 't die ... You have to live Don 't freakin ' die on me ! No ... ! You ... What did you do ! What the hell did you do ... ! identification ? Thank you . Proceed They might go to the 7th district - Kozuki Residence - This is a prototype armor suit which I have developed Its not finished yet but it can withstand all kinds of outer pressure It is designed for fast attacks Techuya 's muscles have grown excessively If it continues he will burst out of his skin We have to block this pressure Mother ! You don 't like war , do you ! People dying ... Its pretty stupid , isn 't it ? When will it end ? How many more have to die to make this end ? Will there ever be peace ? We live ! Yes , we undoubtedly are alive But the humans don 't see it that way They not only hunt us down , but also slaughter us As if they bring justice to the evil ... But we have the same rights as they do ! Life is a struggle for survival ! The wish to be alive is stronger than anything else ! Is it so superior to only glorify one kind of life ? No ! There are no grounds for that ! But the humans have created us ( for visible balance ) If that is their right to do , than the opposite must be true too We also have that right and the possibility . We will build ourselves an Empire A place to give our lives to ... A place to live for ... And .. A place to guide our dreams We ... We will found an Empire of the dead Shinzo ! ( Mutant human ) We will exterminate ... All humans ! We are the Shinzo ! Surrender ! Is everything ready for the next attack ? All strategies to counter any kind of attack are in place . According to the report they have 8 scientists They have scientists who are working on Computer , Armor suit , Nuclear Programs It is safe to use it as our new facilities What is the situation of the facility ? Good ! Then we will pursue our goals of an Empire through these scientists wait ... never mind ... According to this new info the Shinzo are going after this facility It says they will use the scientists to make robots The Military has from now on , not only to all keyfigures of the government but also to all scientists , biologists , physicists , issued an official warning This is as much as I can do It 's not finished but it will stop Techuya bodily pressure Father ! You are Kozuki of the special Armor Suit Research team , right ? I will escort you ! Humans ! Techuya ! Techuya ! The fate you have to bear is so harsh ... But that also ... must have a meaning It undoubtedly has You have to realise that Luna ! I 'm so sorry ! Don 't look back Father ! Techuya ! stand up ! You have to get up ! Who the fuck are you ? How come you are still alive ? Techuya ! Techuya ! Get out ! - Get lost ! Are the NeoCells not finished yet ? I don 't have much time left ! If you say it 's not finished yet then there 's no need for you to be alive ! No you can not ! Naito ! You are all the same ! You don 't care about anyone else - Say it again ! I said you only care about your own ass . As a son of the General you should know better ! Can you not see the enemy who is right in front of you ? The Shinzo . That even in this situation you petty people just continue on You rule this Nation ... I just can 't ignore it . Mikio ! Do you have any idea what you are saying ? OF course ! From now on the Great Asian Federation is under my rule ! I 'm sorry but the time in which old men rule us is over ! Mikio ! Are you satisfied ? General Kamichu ! Let me introduce I 'm Dr. Azuma You are that bastard who made those mutants ! Why would you do such a thing ? I didn 't mean to ! I thought you would be happier ... I didn 't create them ! You didn 't say how they started to move ! Doctor ... Shall I tell them that you came here but you have no answers ? The Shinzo are growing stronger every day If you can not brief the Military on their weakpoints or how to attack them then we are all in danger ! You can continue your research but your wife will be the responsiblity of the Military Maybe it 's because you made those Shinzo Wouldn 't that be the best thing for now ? Your time will come in the end Why do people fight ? IF you don 't want to get hurt you be the one to hit first Dying , trying not to die ... It 's always the same Look ! How did I do that ? Look at what ? aah that Even my father died ... what should I do ? what you should do ? Do that ! If you think it 's allright to pick up a gun If you do you could end this sorrow right now . Stop that ! Don 't say anything stupid ! You fought , didn 't you ! It seems that that is all I can do for my country ... You went to battle of your own free will . You don 't know what war is like ! You don 't know what war is ... You don 't know ! Luna ! Run ! What 's that sound ? If you are with me you will die You are leaving me behind ? Do you want me to be lonely ? Can 't you see what humans did to them ! If you look at yourself you are obviously human you are a warm and lovely human ! I am not human ! But ... I don 't have anyone else but Techuya ... Techuya ... - Luna ! Get yourself together ! Don 't die ! You have to live ! Follow me ! Beloved citizens of the Great EastAsian Federation I bring you sad news A few days ago our General Kamichu has fallen in a violent anti-government Terrorist attack Luckily he is still alive But he can not resume his duties Therefore the Senate has decided to appoint me Kamichu Mikio To take over my father 's duties Here ! He called me Frenda ( friend ? ) But we are not even close ... Typical Airpollution ... We have to take drastic measurements - For humans , By humans , We have to build our ideal State It should be a country as good to live in as its name ... What were you two doing over there ? that is so polluted it is dangerous to be there ... You should not go there if you don 't have a good reason to be there ! What 's your name ? I 'm Techuya hmm ... Techuya ... I had a son of your age ... Did you see the wastepiles on the way here ? Many people must have died ... Here 's nothing left anymore Mister ! What happened ? Don 't let anyone in ! What 's so dangerous ? Don 't you know there are Spies ! You are paranoid ! Techuya ! They believed there used to be here a Protector ( God ) called Casshern Because of that believe ... We lived together without any problems But not long ago this peace wasn 't meant to be anymore because of petty rivalry with our neigbouring countries Without cause these violent Terrorist released their anger ... Fear and paranoia has frozen our hearts to ice We , bunch of mistrusting lot We invaded other countries in the name of selfdefense ( sounds like George Bush ^ ^ ) Casshern has probably already left us In the end a joined invasion was staged humans ... They 're humans , aren 't they ! Let 's go ! Stop it ! Why do you attack them ? We can not let them get away This place is already dead ! No , not yet ! These Terrorist keep on coming ! Maybe they are terrorists too ! I don 't know ! I am just following orders I don 't know whether I should kill you or not Come on , I 'm on your side He is one who has lost everything because of them . Can this village be saved ? That bloody bastard ! It 's fair now ! Who the fuck are you ? Luna ! You have a human body ! Open it ! These ... ! Kill them all ! If you win then save these people Allright My name is P 'rasin ! My name is .. CassHern - Beloved citizens of the Great EastAsian Federation ... Yes , that 's it ... Hurry , get ready ! The doctor will be here soon with the sample What ? I told you ! - Is my NeoCell finished ? General Kamichu ! - We find ourselves in a very difficult situation - Not only are we at war with the Shinzo ( mutants ) - But the war with the Terrorist has intensified too - You have all lost children , brothers ... - as I too have lost my mother in a Terrorist attack - the Terrorists in the 7th district had taken hostages - and they slaughtered them - because their demands were not granted - but in war people die And since those bastars are still alive something must be really wrong ! Because of you assholes ... You Mother Fucking Assholes my family has died ... If you want to change the world , some sacrifices have to be made That is to return to the time in which man was guided by Heaven ( ? ) My daughter Wonsu ! How painful ... must it have been until now ... It proofs how bitter how vivid life tastes ! - That is true . For our honour and all that we stand for ... we have to look eachother straight in the eye to see WHO is the true enemy ! look ... ! I can see it ! Its that ! 'WHAT ' is the enemy with whom we have fought until now ! And what we so dearly miss , what we wanted Our Ideal State ... Mikio ... forgive me . I can forgive you It won 't hurt anymore ... We WILL be victorious But why do so many have to die ? In the destroyed cities In the hearts of our fallen friends Don 't you want to see the Dream of the Ideal Sate again ? Then we would have truly won Where are you going ? Dr. Azuma ! It is over ! It 's over when I say so ! If we use those Shinzo mutants then we can save your research ! It 's almost finished , isn 't it ? If you continue then with those Shinzo 's ... we can realise our dreams ! What the fuck are you talking about ! What kind of stupid thing are you planning to do ? You high class people probably don 't know ... but we of the lower social classes we can not continue to live like this ! Don 't you see ! Dr. Azuma ! We can not go back ! I don 't know if I should call you 'Father ' since you are the one who made me But my hatred runs as deep as the love of a child for its parents even though this hatred consumes me from within and might kill me I can not let it go ! Because ... I was born in hatred and raised through hatred and this hatred is human ! You had another son , didn 't you ! Your son Techuya from your lovely wife Midori ... But today , Techuya ... has been reborn with a new destiny ... as MY brother ! Shall I tell you the truth now ? Here ... If you go in here ... It 's all just a farce ! Commander ... I ... didn 't know ! What should we ... believe in now ... When what we call life is not the only thing anymore For what should you keep on living so desperately ! You will be next to me till the very end Thank you ! Teachuya ! Do you want to see your mother ? It 's the Supreme Commander ! Mikio ! Do you know what it means if I tell you that I will call you ? It means I will perform some tricks Your coup d 'etat is over ! I am informing the citizens now that you created those Shinzo mutants together with that scientist called Azuma You can not come back here anymore ! I don 't want to go back and work for such a pathetic men like you , my father ! mother ! Midori is asleep now What did you do to my mother ! What the fuck did you do ! She 's just sleeping in the Garden of Eden she always dreamed of . Garden of Eden ? Yes , Paradise ! where there 's no war , a world where everyone lives peacefully The world I promised to make To wait and to have to live is exactly what makes this world such a hard place Don 't you agree ? Only to survive how many people have died already ! to live a peaceful life with the people they love How many people died ! A world where there 's only a survival of the fittest that is what this world has come to I destroyed this world I will make a world without war just to live on ! That is the Garden of Eden ! Because of that people , who had the same dream like you died ! Well , who whispered our dreams into their ears ? Who has led us by the hand all this time ? Who listened willingly to our desires to live ? Only Midori You shitheads took my mother ... - NO ! Midori came to us You ' re full of shit ! . Why and for what are you fighting ? Will your fight be finished once you have driven us back ? Is that the promised eternal life which you will just live ? Do you think you can just go and live such a life ? You who was born as a body which is not even human ? You idiot ! Do you think that when people just live as humans You can just simply call up this world in which people live happily ? Hasn 't human history and religion already proven that clearly ! Because you are here ... What is good ... and what is evil ! Fight me ! This world will be made together with you ! Besides you and me there is no-one left anymore from our kind Don 't forget that ! You are not human anymore ! Mother ! Am I wrong ? Did I fight only not to regret anymore ? I just thought that I fought just to stop this tragedy ... But wasn 't that from the beginning just to satisfy myself ? Like he said ... I don 't know who 's right and who 's wrong It could be just my hatred ... but doesn 't the other do it too ... Do you think so ? I can 't move Techuya ! Nobody says he is right and nobody says he is wrong We will have to find a way to live with eachother , together Don 't give up Stop fighting ! I can not see yet I didn 't see what you were talking about ! IS that proof that I am alive ? IS that what it means to be alive ! What the hell did you do ? What did you do ! We did nothing I know But ... Is this hate better than the other kind hate .. Isn 't that really sad ? You didn 't come to this world to hate people All the people who have died till now don 't want anymore hatred How can you be so compassionate to these people ? You too .. can be like that ! Midori ! Forgive me ! Luna ! - I know ! This is the last time I leave you alone ! Be careful ! How 's Midori ? target the enemybase Don 't care about who 's inside ! Fire ! Mikio ! I just wanted the lead the country my way Prepare to fire ! Just let it go isn 't this enough ? you don 't even know there are Shinzo 's their hearts are like humans ! tell me one thing ! As she told you he was just a normal guy ! the Eurasian 7th District ... has been totally scorched and eradicated by our Forces . Regrettably ... the NeoCells of Dr. Azuma 's research have been totally exterminated The research was not completed But it has become known that there once existed ' an ORIGINAL HUMAN' The first human lifeform , designated as the first living being ... That ... I want to believe it but ... After research the fact became clear that you who live in the 7th district So this Naito feller recycled your bodies and thus created the Shinzo mutants but there was no development And even worse the further they went the more faulty the testsubjects became So they thought ... they could increase their results as a state company In other words for industrial growth , for increasing our lifespan they cut you to pieces ordinary people ! Its a sad story ! For a monster who says he will increase your lifespan Our country went crazy ! You can not say that the true relationships between sovereign and subject are wrong That 's a sad story I was reborn for hatred To hate people who are wrong ! You pretend not to know you used to be human too ... Shut up ! I could not have been a pathetic human like you ! It is a disgrace that you were called the Shinzo Mutants What we will bring about with my hands I will make it My daughter Wonsu ! what is pain Let me taste it ! I can not see ! I can 't see ! Forgive me ! Father ... Father ... Where are you going ? I 'm going home Our house , Midori 's and mine ... I know that you hate me So don 't ask me to come with you But you 're mother is different you mother needs treatment she 's dead ! I brought you back from the dead what have you been looking at ! Our rebirth How many have suffered and died ... Do you mean I did something wrong ? Not that ! I mean that it isn 't solved by making only one person happy ! Do you mean that it is okay to lose someone you love for the greater good ? Anyone who loves a person , who carries the responsibility for someone would agree with me Do not come between Midori and my happiness What are you doing ? Give Midori back ! Give her to me ! NO ! Do you know what loving a person means ? I 'm going to revive her anyways mother ! In the end I ... couldn 't stop the fighting Not only that I have turned my back on all the tragedy Why oh why ... was I born ? Because of what ... have I been returned from the dead ? Mother ... Techuya ! this is not really me This ... I don 't want this ... All the hatred I want to forget it .. All what has happened I want to erase it ... I understand . Stop all this hatred I didn 't want to go through all this pain again ... But it has come to this again But now you will not be alone From now on we will be together Forever ! Now I know that we get hurt just by living ! Living is hurting your own body We should have forgiven eachother first The fact that we both were living on this world we should have just accepted that I who critisized you ! I was wrong We were not just alive We had the power to dream together We didn 't know that the beginning was insignificant We didn 't know just like as something impossible you cannot see . But we can 't start over again But that .. is not difficult ! Hope ... Hope is our children , Luna and mine ...
