 film title : Green giant vast gram in 1966 , desert base duplicates like this also uselessly I want to be responsible to the development of the human race is peaceful , how no matter you do study duplicates the person is a stupid idea must duplicate the person David , I have a good news I had the child What does here have ? comes , to let them hit you do not frighten me is good , David , is not good he does not speak your head how ? some people scold him , he only shake the head he or is shy How does this manage ? Bruce is such does not have the means we find in the laboratory you can discover that is my work may I warn you many times is careful , system initiation also is unstable , everybody evacuates as soon as possible how ? treasure David , what is that ? no matter it What do you do ? I no matter , no What did you say ? David , leaves like this A nightmare I did not know that , does not remember comes had calculated , I can think you my also meeting comes has a look you , had to become the scientist immediately I guessed is I believed that , your in vivo has the strength special strength this may be different general with one day you to meet and the global share cloth ? atomic energy biochemistry institute I wanted to go watch other securities this may be very important you want to be careful you just had rested ? is alright , Betty ? in neighbor You should be clearest you but become scientist 's material you have forgotten ? I certainly to be sure in order to protect any only then to do dear , class Nepal I hate them how matter ? we Tuesday must demonstrate I want you and I together what ? How are you sure to like some simple questions sorry , I arrived not any Can very easy we closed ! Closed ? no matter what has been good , left such I only am want to solve the problem I can process is good I clear possibly can quite be bothersome I want to be able to have the result Austria Pu , you has a look What is ? we have achieved the anticipated effect safe is a green , started release energy 4 seconds has been good , next has been good , we have a look the radiant energy returns the nondetonation not any difference does not have the sound of something astir , right ? A copy nuclear power responded that , increases 1 % balanced GBW is normal we are preparing to report together should not worry You want ? the bar I only am said that , the frog drops from the clouds your father can be you arrogant is possible he possibly wants to work as pilot your parents ? can know I also want to understand them your daddy Front was sensible in you dies I believed that is a sad matter could not have we returned to the past Betty , was good Betty , ? hello How were you ? I like this work does not need with the person to quarrel this foot ? you already had a liking for is good likes the expert very much A happy university one day in is also busy How do you want ? speaks frankly here I have not been interested the thing here only has the instrument you are willing for me to work wages is present ten times you so long as said a word is two was recently comes in and goes out the base name list What does this have to use ? is your daughter , the senior official sorry you have seen class Nepal ? he died I am a new person you good , hello I pat again , comes I too was tired you have a liking for are not tired how does not dare to imagine my dream said looked How does start ? starts from the recollection from several year old of start you thought that merely is a dream is not lives in the base time my father meets that dream continues I am quite lonely this too was fearful nobody can injure you you are good , you call any is good , is all right we withstood CTJAG is Bruce my Bruce noon is peaceful you do any in here we should know I do not want to know you I am also same calculated how long no matter you do persist has two roads Is taken over control by me or hires oneself on own initiative I your work depended on you In this kind of function on the battlefield is useful pair of our significance only this we do the research for everybody one day me to read this book How university student does want to work as scientist you can come to help me How does gland manage ? I do not want to discuss is good I only request you other to worry him right ? I make the phone call to look for the daddy lets his Shi Tienya you spoke with the father he cannot say too many I did not know is where problem I am inspecting I come immediately too has been high , is unable to stop quickly exits Austria Pu how he was all right , is safe I worry you I did not know how this possibly does occur you originally should die they affected these elements I feel very well they cannot link up with you he only wants to understand I have eaten any I did not know what ? I remember when the childhood good one side this 1. not good records I am staring at you you originally should die sorry , Betty , real I cannot explode you rests , I was all right from not that feels better like the present you do not call Kelin to think surname shell natrium what ? Your name is called Bruce the shell natrium Bruce How do you come in this is very easy I and you are close very you understood very much do not get up , I come your innermost feelings are very chaotic did not know whether oneself lives you inside dream some things may all these not be easy to explain has traded my speech you should forgive me you were allowed to walk I cannot have the matter you do not dare to believe , but I knew penetrates your pair of mother 's eye has the gloss very much may you also have to know other my child , my work you do not lie my daddy in childhood died in me that is not real That is an accident highest secret hid for 30 years does not let me work or see you they can work must know , each day-long work is I loves you this has also become your innermost feelings part present understood this cannot have the question other reply has some you to have to be clear you must leave female that are far 1 . exits Bruce , exits sits down we can help you you are all right , I am very good I and my daddy has said he must come to see me your daddy ? When ? After a hour is he makes the phone call to me daddy many thanks I or speak frankly is casual I or small least bit cannot have too many difficulties you are inquiring me only did not think you are surprised knew works the colleague with you is that accident creates question lies in you to understand his how many this is very important this I understood Must know that , I hoped your this really infers me you did not make a mistake , any I really infer you I really want to believe you you always are my in your innermost feelings here is greatly Doctor Linde please leave behind the verbal message Bruce , hello I have discussed with the father he suspects you How don 't I know a matter is possible he in the plan is good , goodbye Where is he at , opens fire how ? I want to chat with him how matter ? Bruce Did whether any thing explode has destroyed the room is you dry I am all right last night how matter ? I have a dream liked the rebirth to be same I greatly shout , my palpitation good is heavy you have said with the others ? does not have but I liked get sick have been same what ? that newly comes old person said is my father I go morning greetings was you Your laboratory last night how ? we exit discuss I want to keep here Betty , cannot have the matter I very quickly come back how your friend was ruined he I may affirm you must be careful recently several days did not have to approach him I am am hello we are a person which newly comes for that is good , many thanks Betty , inconceivable please enter sorry , has not knocked your gate I am ask some I not too thought they said with you is he says is good Bruce last night in laboratory you also went I want to know has had any you want to know how he was any change he my father is the militaries he worried can have the threat to the national security your father Branse we have had the social dealings Did you how possibly understand your situation what ? don 't that said my son is alone works therefore he has a better reason But you are dissimilar you are a beautiful woman can have many people to pay attention this foot ? likes your eye to be same stares at some person such affection might all these too be late this is not does for him or is you other , his matter has nothing to do with with me that is his choice sorry , I have exactly must be dry other worries him leaves his eye goodbye he has released own has destroyed the laboratory may now you tell me him to be at I want to help you calculated is I expels your father also may catch up with you to walk understands ? ! I really do not remember I said daddy has died you only have 4 year old of big saw , any did this how possibly forget what ? you record seriously tells me sorry , your demand time no matter how , your laboratory is the military is highly secret other laboratories are actually different also has a matter if you approach my daughter again I can torment to death you dog I keep off in front of you you are good , Bruce they did not believe you is same on the picture to me I how he has looked for me might I be wrong you have created me you want to know many you must know In such situation I am unable to understand oneself if they do not let my peaceful entire job I had no way to live you have such bequeathed me is I believed you can understand but that also has the infinite strength I also want to have you did not understand also does not have the side effect your itself receives destroys may you not be able to destroy you they not that thought also has Betty she to look for me she has looked up your gene I thought such ? so long as stably gets down , has the strength my gene how ? this is a complex compound I do not listen pine opens me I in converse with you my father saw your Betty you thought who you are Useless you are bloody fool you could harm the others also could harm own lets loose me you let me let be angry right ? you saw these dogs I have killed them my day this kind of sequela we never have seen again deep somewhat I believed already had What do you refer to ? I and they are different is all right is my daddy puts them he wants me to change I really did not want to stay behind What can you also change ? this likes a dream any dream strength , frightened daddy ! Betty you are all right ? I a little feared needs you to help Where are you at ? you have been good 1 . ? good I want to be because of yours anger possibly this is very difficult to say a little likes your innermost feelings memory your father has threatened me I possibly can understand real is may I really not remember this lets me worry very much your function How should this manage ? must start the new life What do you know me to fear ? when it controls me473 01 : 10 : 30,134 - - 01 : 10 : 34,127 I am unable to extricate oneself I like such how ? Sorry you should rest a while cannot have the matter Bruce goods have transported , starts this does not close your matter but I .. I am your daddy you should believe me you are individual , he is a monster this does not suit him may I know he has rescued my life calculated , I believed oneself he harmed three people to enter the hospital How do you want me ? I want you to help him Why do you fear him ? Do I know him from where his father is also same although did not acknowledge may they be a group this useless you worry his daddy I said " bastard " is may I be a scientist I believed he is may help the person I understood you do not worry often is actually easy to occur this too was big to your pressure if the government believes him he died decides lets me help him I understand him David is not also same ? here how ? my hand , has inherited my son 's gene is interesting looks I have the interest very much how matter ? portable comes up you slowly comes519 01 : 19 : 01,645 - - 01 : 19 : 06,639 you really believed I am separated Where am I at ? in home really does not dare to believe I almost did not remember you this is a room which last night we treated we walk tries What is that ? Not any real that is another question is at What do you want to know ? is my room you feared what sees ? sees ? Spatial not any he has not entered the password he is a threat may this be in the base I do not dare you must the command prompt I really do not dare to believe has many strength greatly infinite people How does this calculate a matter ? Which part does know the worst I cannot give the second opportunity he has understood ? How should I manage ? goes home originally wants to say goodbye may I answer all questions is good you are good , must help ? How do you want ? this is a good question I need your help you may change once more green likelihood your such may make money I cannot , but you did not have the opportunity you feared I may be glad to accompany I only then have like this must win the heart I cannot easily give up other worry I cannot let off you this is not the good opening but is very useful comes , has a look your a little any you may control him that also was a story good , has a look the cerebrum to be partial welcome you to come back has two guards you Don 't worry I do not live your gas How do you want ? I have not had other thoughts Bruce is also same therefore I look for you asks you urge you the father I if return normally , he is not willing to put me whether or not lets me see the son sees finally one side may ? he in my daddy hand I understood he has attended to the puppet you should not blame the son should blame you this does not have any my meeting I am refer oneself have not referred to him understands ? I must change my life also is only knows the truth the way he does not have possibly understands that has exceeded own request other person also can be afraid pair of life fear fear , possibly I am also same I felt may I also live , I won wife , the children are all same I may distinguish his condition I am his father this is very important I should prevent him might under the hand that is my mistake I will think the future all I good take all these might that all I be defeated I remember that one day each time I all have that thought he is intelligent I have harmed her you are unable to imagine at that time my train of thought 621 01 : 31 : 45,408 - - 01 : 31 : 50 , 402 I all precious stayed behind 622 01 : 31 : 51,414 - - 01 : 31 : 53 , 416 I understood that not only is a memory he was making the nightmare starts to test value dropped adds on is also safe ? is not good , I could not control let him sleep this useless is called the security guard to come , must hold on him senior official heaven , telephone converses on the telephone with me , ? you control him personnel had to evacuate tin to general 's speech ? ? has been good , we relax the spot I most liked playing this looks at me heaven whole personnels alert goal is moving evacuation main channel personnel uses the heavy weapon senior official , useless is careful leads him to walk , senior official makes him to exit lets him leave to front is careful , he came Mr. President I have the not too good news how , general I know president am a person which easy to lose one 's temper had understood , I request the reinforcements that angry giant not too is sturdy request all strengths forbid his activity you are want to let the common people have the casualties but does not have the question is good , agreed carries on does not contact with on him , that useless relates HQ667 01 : 41 : 26,989 - - 01 : 41 : 31,983 requests all inhabitant to evacuate 653-2 frequency channel confirms this local already security security , safe starts to take action prevents the goal motion heaven prays for rescue , prays for rescue machine crashes he is attacking quickly gets out of the way we requested opens fire leaves he is careful attack second turn of start my already attack run position spot wilfully opens fire three attacks , launches the missile he walked I saw he has held the missile prays for rescue , prays for rescue we fall in under discovery goal attack he moves too quickly pinpoints is tracking entered the grotto area missile takes place carries on the search this is the control center goal has not been destroyed understood good is fierce this we finish him hello treasure , he faced there you to come careful I early arrived is good , that do not move Left side is observing wilfully opens fire sees the civil passenger plane I saw clearly , I had to hit leads away him understood I crawl to 3,600 altitudes continuation receives he lost consciousness immediately I saw him A person He entered the water must find him daddy , Betty we are no other alternative must massacre him he only can change formidable may he be able to offend somebody , this is you clear lets me and he chats asked you gives me an opportunity in San Francisco discovery goal all airplanes enter ? in 170 streets discoveries goal discovery goal we have prepared for attack we have prepared for looked at you forbids to open fire you have found me you are not certainly difficult to look comes , to put on issues an order until president so long as sits on the chair then principle cannot let him attractively leaves here only to have 300 yards if arranges the radar definitely to suffer injury he came this is prepares for you , Betty although has made the worst plan I early should kill you was I early should kill you she how I last night saw her her face brown hair brown eye , but also flushes me to smile she kisses my cheek I also remember her smell likes in the desert the flower to be same she most likes perfume that is my I saw is , yes did not be sad treasure do not bump me you are not my daddy you are not nice I right ? I am not come for you I am see my son my genuine son in your heart of hearts you are not he my may recognize778 02 : 00 : 49,651 - - 02 : 00 : 54,645 I thought this ? tin of I said I am for you earnestly looks at me this is not your mistake is the gene is unstable you need the strength was I has given you the life now you must also give me I needed it I must change strongly stops , how ? Outside has a look the army group of pitiful unimportant people they have actually controlled the society we have done any pair of I , to you they actually go die vanishes too was good they can die but we can become the hero becomes the Earth to control this foot ? called don 't again you also are only individual really big tone circular telegram once more electric shock senior official , did not have the electric power After enters attacks senior official , the radar discovers two goals tracks them too has been good , continues to hit dozen fiercer is better is strange , there ice is not low but actually has too moves that is the boundary zone silence , Bruce then gives yours strength I I all capture completely captures is , yes is , yes , all seizes throws the bomb bomb has released did not fear After a year hello Betty , is you ? daddy I very happily send a telegram for you many thanks Betty , you and I all believed Bruce possibly runs away that as soon as to plunder But , you knew how ? all reply the original design right ? he very possibly lived also can attempt to contact with you wants to contact with you when the time comes tells me not I cannot say I do not have that necessity has in my computer I can tell you if you hoped he lives I think him very much I love him is I understood sorry , Betty I knew moves out these medicines do not move , sits down we need this batch of medicine you thought who needs these people help the enemy is possible you also is all takes away this is the government belongings you let me get angery at the appointed time you understood
