 A Daiei / Nippon Television Network / / Hakuhodo / IMAGICA Production Change course Direction , 120 degrees Roger , hard to port Hard to port I need navigational information It all began one day , without warning , like this ... Still no answer at Taguchi 's ? No It 's been a week , he must have his reasons It shouldn 't take a whole week to work on that disk No ... Something 's wrong Maybe I should see if he 's OK I just got the creeps What ? Like something 's ... horribly wrong What 's up with Taguchi ? I don 't know The deadline 's tomorrow I know that a KUR0SAWA Kiyoshi film Taguchi ? PULSE Hey , you are here Hey , Michi ... Right , sorry Did you finish working on that disk ? Yeah , it 's somewhere in that pile You 0K ? Are you sick ? No ... Yeah ... Stuff ... Help yourself to the disk You ought to label your disks This it ? The one marked Work File ? Taguchi ? Michi 0h , Junco You 0K ? Was it awful ? I 'm fine I 'd say it 's break time Oh , I forgot , here Thanks It 's so upsetting I don 't know what he was so depressed about He never said anything , so what could we have done ? Maybe , he suddenly just wanted to die I get that way sometimes It 's so easy to hang yourself Hey ! Why so gloomy 0h , sorry About Taguchi ? He seemed like the Taguchi I know I never imagined he 'd do something like that Yeah ... Say ... Would you take a look ? At what ? Taguchi 's disk What is it ? It 's Taguchi 's place Is that Taguchi ? Yeah , I think so Look I can 't tell Hey , look That 's a face ... A reflection You ' re right Can you blow it up ? Let me see ... That was Taguchi wasn 't it ? Sure seems like it What 's going on ? Maybe something strange is going on Strange ? I don 't know I don 't even care anymore Something 's definitely not right A message in a bottle launched 10 years ago by a boy on Tanegashima Island , was recently discovered on a beach in Malaysia some 4.000 kms away Hikono Koichi was a 4th grader when he sent off his message Members of a local group , cleaning up the beach , a sea turtle habi tat . discovered the bottle by accident I never imagined it would find its way to some foreign country I was shocked to get an answer after 10 years The group located Hikono through his former elementary school Next , the National Weather Service forecasts another unseasonably hot summer , it 's the 3rd for eastern Japan ... for western Japan ... Northern Japan ... will ... " Welcome to the Internet " No , this way , here OK Next , 0K Next " Have Fun " 0K , I 'll have fun Done " OK " What 's this crap ? Yes , I agree Next ... What ? I guess that 's 0K Next again , huh What ? What the ... Oh well ... What the hell ... Hey ... this ... Who 's ... what 's ... Would you like to meet a ghost ? Stupid crap ! What the ... Maybe you should change the size on this batch file Using the variable ? Yeah So you ' ll find its property , right ? 0h , conventional memory Right See So that 's how you do it Say ... Can the internet dial you up itself ? You in computer science ? No , economics , no relation Huh ... Sounds like a hacker A hacker ... Huh ... It said " Do you want to meet a ghost ? " Some website like that A ghost , huh ... Which website was that ? What ? Something about meeting ghosts ? I don 't really know It just appeared last night Know the address ? What ? Um ... address ? I see Windows ? Yeah Open the Explorer log ... Oh , no , no , I really don 't know anything about computers The next time the site shows up , click on it to bookmark it Not so fast Click ... Can you repeat that ? Click on it Click ... on ... it ... To bookmark it To ... Bookmark it If that doesn 't work , You know the print screen key ? Yeah , this one ? Try pressing it If it doesn 't work ... Print screen key Press the ... Print screen ... Got it Let me know ? Sure See you Don 't bother with that Mom What ? Sure Are you eating this junk again ? It 's not good for you I 'm going now Have you called your father ? Nope I see ... but what if you get in trouble ? I can 't rush over It 's awkward for me to see him , but you should He lives here in Tokyo But Tokyo 's huge I know , but ... I 'm fine I 've got my friends You sure ? I guess you ' ll be allright then You ' re so trusting and get carried away ... Hello Hello Help ... Help ... Help ... Who 's this ? Help ... What is this ... The Forbidden Room Taguchi ? What happened , Taguchi ... What ? What am I saying ? What happened to Yabe ? Try his house ? No answer Huh ... I hope nothing 's wrong 0h no , what 's he up to ? I ' ve got to go see him No ! Don 't go ! Nothing strange has happened yet Yeah ... Let 's just act normal Yeah. at least for today Sorry , I 'm late Sure , sure Hey ! What 's going on ? Who cares ... What do I do now ? Click it , and bookmark it Doesn 't work If that doesn 't work , press the print screen key There Hi You 're the one ... Um ... Kawashima Kawashima Yeah , Kawashima I 'm Karasawa Harue Haruesan , Haruesan How 'd it go ? Well. it came back again Really ? Yeah And , I pressed that print screen key ... Right Can I come over and check it out ? Yeah , sure , absolutely fine I just need a minute Um ... What 's this ? That ? Something we programmed here If two dots get too close , they die , Huh ... what 's it for ? A miniature model of our world ... But only the grad student who des igned it understands it I wouldn 't ... Suggest staring at it too long Sorry , it 's a mess Thank you There you go Thank you Getting the data ? Yeah , almost set What got you started on the internet ? Nothing in particular ... You don 't like computers , right ? No Wanted to connect with other people ? Maybe ... I don 't really know Everybody else is into it People don 't really connect , you know What ? Like those dots simulating humans We all live totally separately That 's how it seems to me Oh ... Huh ... I wonder ... Yabe ... Kudosan Yes Can you move these orchids into the greenhouse ? Yes Um , boss ... Yes ? Isn 't Yabe acting strange ? You think so ? Can I go check on him ? Fine , but ... It might be a waste of time Words said in friendship with the best of intentions always winding up hurting your friends deeply And then you wind up getting hurt Is friendship always that way ? If that 's so , what 's left ? If I were you ... Who needs friends like that A courageous choice in itself Are you 0K ? Did something happen ? Both Junco and I , are really worried I saw ... A face ... What ? A horrible face ... I ' ve never seen anything like it ... What are you saying ? What did you see ? The Forbidden Room Forbidden Room ? What 's that ? Is that ... The room with the red tape ? Don 't dare go in there ! Please , tell me What happened ? I ' m cold Yabe ... Are you 0K ? Exit Harue Hi I don 't really use the library much Couldn 't find the way out Phantoms You reading this ? Yeah Is it related to your work in the lab ? Yeah Huh ... Do you have a minute ? What ? Sure Come Isn 't it strange ? Yeah ... sort of ... Almost like ghosts , right ? You 're right , they 're like ghosts Sometimes , these turn up At first , they look like the other dots What are they ? I don 't know A bug ? No That website ... What ? Oh , what happened with that ? Nothing ... yet ... Huh ... But I think they 're related ... I 'm sure they 're related You think ? Let me know if anything happens Yeah , sure Karasawasan I need you to check this Yes And you are ? My friend , Kawashima Huh ... The grad student , Yoshizakisan Hello I forgot to give you my number 0h , right Call me , 0K ? Right Anytime , 0K ? Yeah Thank you " Everyone dies , therefore there 's no logical reason for ghost s not to exist " " How many ghosts have ... " " existed s ince prehistoric times ... " Do you see it too ? Who is that ? You ' ll have to catch him to find out Start right now ; and you might succeed Have a go ? What ? Why don 't you , right now He disappeared I see He must be a student ... I don 't know him Maybe you ' re right Sorry I encouraged you See you Wait a minute Just what was that ? I 'm cold ... The spirit ... Or consciousness , the soul , whatever you want to call it , it turns out the realm they inhabit has a finite capacity Whether that capac ity accommodates billions or trillions , eventually , it will run out of space 0nce it 's filled to the brim , it 's got to overf low somehow , somewhere But where ? The soul s have no choice but to ooze into another realm , that is to say , our world Maybe , at first ... it started with something really simple 0nce that realm reached critical mass , any device would have sufficed Thrown it together with the means and materials at hand That 's how I see it Excuse me , do you have any tape ? Anything 'll do , some tape How 's this ? Thank you After many hours or days , or many weeks , it finally happens Through that process , it spreads around the world But now they ' re no longer the faint presence they began as You saw one yoursel f I don 't believe your stories Right , sorry , it 's all hypothetical Thanks for the tea Are you 0K ? Just fine But if this really happened , there 's no turning back No mat ter how simple the device , and become permanent In other words , Hello 0h , I see , our boss isn 't there ? Yes , I understand If he does stop by , Will you please ask him to call us ? Yes , thank you very much Michi , what do you think 's going on ? Why 's everyone disappearing ? Oh ; hello , this is Sunny Plant Sales calling Thank you for your business Is our boss there with you by any chance ? Oh , I see ... Thank you , and excuse me I 'll go look for him Wait , Junco , wait Yes , hello ... Boss ? Help Yabe ! Are you Yabe ? Yabe ! Help me ... Help me ... Help ... Help ... Junco ... Junco ! Junco , no ! Junco ! Are you 0K ? Are you 0K ? Junco Help me ... Help me ... Help me ... Junco ! Look , I 'm right here I 'm right here , it 's 0K Excuse me Karasawa Harue tel : 090 - 4079 - 2677 What are you doing , Harue ! You 're dripping wet ! They went away ... They 've a disappeared ... They always do ... I have to run away ... Run away somewhere ... Harue ! Hey , Harue ! Listen , Harue ! Harue ! Calm down ! Harue ! Thank you ... From when I was reay little ... I was always alone Any parents or family ? Sure. but they 're irrelevant Right ... That after death , you live happily with everyone over there Can we stop talking about this ? But it may be true Sure , but ... Then in high school it dawned on me you might be a alone after death , too There 's no way to know How could you ? The idea was so terrifying I couldn 't even bear it That nothing changes with death , just right now , forever Is that what becoming a ghost is about ? You can 't mess with that It 's reay bad What have ghosts got to do with us ? Besides , we 're alive Then , who are they ? Are they reay alive ? How are they different from ghosts ? In fact , ghosts and people are the same , whether they 're dead or alive They 're a crazy Nobody knows what happens when you die A this about ghosts , but I won 't believe in them , even if i see one But I do know . that I 'm definitely alive and so are you , Harue That 's for sure , right ? So I don 't want to think about the fact we 'll die someday Just maybe ... they 'll invent a drug that prevents death Then , we could ll ive forever and ever I 'd rather bet on that You want to live forever ? Yeah That sounds like fun ? Yeah ... That 's what I think Huh ... Maybe I 've got it a wrong No ... It 'll turn out just l ike you say I 'm sure What ? Ghosts won 't kill people Because that would just make more ghosts Isn 't that right ? Instead , they 'll try to make people immortal By quietly ... trapping them in their own loneliness Help ... Help ... Junco , it 'll be OK It 'll be 0K 0K ... I fell asleep ... How do you feel ? Yeah Something to drink ? How about some coffee ? Michi ... What ? Am I just going to die like this ? 0f course not That 's right ... I 'll just keep on living , all alone ... What ? No Junco ! Junco Junco ! Why ! Why ! Junco , don 't go ! Junco Mother ? Mother ? Mother ! I 'll be right there Harue ... Harue ! Hey ... Kawashima ... take me with you I 'm scared to be alone Take me somewhere OK , sure Where to ? Somewhere far away 0ut of 0rder Shit , let 's just go ! There 's no one ... No ... Where did everyone go ? I 'm here I 'm here beside you Even if , there 's no one else , it doesn 't matter We are both definitely here Guess that 's true ... What happened ! I 've got to go back ! What ? No ! We 've come this far ! But this is the end of the l ine That 's not true It 'll start moving I 'll go check with the driver Come with me OK ; but promise you wait right here I ' be r ight back Promise Harue ! The Forbidden Room Construction Materials - red tape I 'm ... Not alone ... Harue , it 's me , Kawashima Harue ! Listen ! Listen , what do you say to this ... The two of us live together That way , we can always be together If we keep living alone , We 'll balance each other out How ' bout living that way ? Would you try it with me ? What do you think , Harue ! Listen ! Harue ! Harue ! Harue ! Tokyo : Missing Sakai Mitsuo Tokyo : Missing Yamazaki Naoko Kanagawa : Missing Hirayama Michio Kanagawa : Missing Kawahara Takumi Saitama : Missing Tomioka Shigeki Tokyo : Missing Yoshida Tomoko Tokyo : Missing Nakajima Kumi Kanagawa : Missing Kitaoka Eri Tokyo : Missing Fukuda Tatsuya Um ... are you OK ? Breakdown ? Yeah Want some ? You are ? 0h , me ? Um ... What are you doing here ? What am I doing here ... You ? So neither your dad nor your mom made it through ... No ... So many things happened at once , it 's impossible to sort them a out Yeah Me too My head 's a messed up So you 're a student , Kawashima ? Yeah Lucky you I don 't think so Here 0h , thanks ... And you ? I had a job Wow , amazing Nothing amazing Did you have any friends ? Friends ? Maybe one , I guess What was she like ? What ? I don 't really know ... I never really found out ... Where is she ? Somewhere ... 0K , try starting it OK , good Why don 't you look for her ? What ? But ... This is the last stop ... After that we go as far as we can I can sort of see ... The future ... Help Help Help Help Help Look over there An abandoned factory ? I wonder ... Sha we try it ? Listen , even if you see a door sealed with red tape , don 't go near it , OK ? I know You 0K ? Look ... at this Look ... over there Kawashima Harue ! Watch out ! What happened , Harue ! What are you doing with that ? Let 's get out of this place , together Together ? Yeah C 'mon , hand it over Harue ! Harue ! 0h , no , a hospital ... Harue ! Don 't die ! C 'mon ! Please ! Help me ! Harue ! We couldn 't save her ... No ... We 're out of gas ... I 'll get some , there was gas back there You 'll be OK ? Wait for me I 'll be OK Forever ... Death was ... Eternal loneliness ... Help Help Help Don 't ask me ! What 's that got to do with me ! Forever ... Death was ... Eternal loneliness ... You 're not real I refuse to acknowledge ... Never ... I refuse to acknowledge death ! I know I 'll catch you Then you 'll disappear That 's it , right ! Right ! You can 't beat me ! I am ... Real ... Kawashima ! What is it ? It 's too much ... What ... Are you doing ? You went in there ... Me ? Yeah , I did , but I 'm fine Don 't cry You want to go back ? To what 's left of Harue ? That make you feel better ? No ... Let 's go ... As far as we can go Are you sure about that ? Yeah Can you get out ? You 0K ? Be careful Wait here , 0K ? Death comes to us all ... If so , maybe we would have been happier , if we had we gone with the rest But we chose to keep going into the future ... We 'll head for Latin America We 're still getting signals there Though they 're pretty weak We 've got to give it a try , no matter what we find If anyone 's survived , we can head out again and go as far as we can C 'mon , be strong Have I done the right thing ? Yes Are you sure ? Yes You ' re doing the right thing Now , alone with my last friend in the world . I have found happiness My blue weapon Cast Kawashima : KAT0 Haruhiko I shoot you down Michi : ASO Kumiko Harue : K0YUKI have rusted away Junco : ARISAKA Kurume Yabe : MTSU0 Masatoshi The Boss : SUGATA Shun Taguchi : MIZUHASHI Kenj i The Ghost : SHI0NOYA Masayuki 0n the roof one hollow pigeon The Worker : AIKAWA Show Michi 's mother : FUBUKI Jun has only eaten the sweet words Yoshi zaki : TAKEDA Shinj i Won 't come back The Captain : YAKUSH0 Koj i Won 't return Execut ive Producer : TOKUMA Yasuyoshi There is nothing here Producers : SHIMIZU Shun OKUDA Sei j i more than I have Producers : IN0UE Ken SHIMODA Atsuyuki Ahh , only the memories Di rector of Photography : HAYASHI Junichi ro come together Light ing Director : TOMIYAMA Meicho Ahh , it will break apart Product ion Designer : MARU0 Tomoyuki Wings. out of breath Sound : IKA Makio whirled up Editor : KIKUCHI Junichi and will return to the earth Music Producer : WADA Toru Composer : HAKETA Takefumi Visual Effects : ASAN0 Shuji Ahh , only the memories come together Ahh , it will break apart Wings. out of breath whirled up even you hold me . Ahh . I can not touch the season Ashes will burn out and fall off soon Where shall I go ? Writ ten and Directed by : KUR0SAWA Kiyoshi
