 Code name Sparrow calling . Report back . This is Gideon Bertha Pharaoh . There 's an intruder in the hall . Over and out . - Sparrow roger . is everything alright ? I repeat , alright ? Code name Sparrow . Do you receive me , Gideon Bertha Pharaoh ? Report back ASAP . I repeat , ASAP . Who 's there ? Stop ! I 've got a baton . Surrender . How do you feel now ? What the hell are you ? The man in the picture is me , Akseli Ukkonen . Ten years ago I disappeared without trace . I led a project called " Die Seligkeit " in Generator - a company in East Germany . I had to leave my job because the aims of the research - were not what I had thought them to be . I tried to take the equipment with me - to stop " Die Seligkeit " project . I didn 't succeed . I was executed in the company 's hall . The bullet destroyed an x-ray generator I had with me - and caused a massive nuclear chain reaction . Don 't ask me what happened next . I don 't know how I survived . I was in a different place . I witnessed the total destruction of the factory site . The bullets didn 't leave a mark on me . I was in great shape but I was glowing - like a genetically-manipulated fire beetle . For a while I thought I was going to die . Perhaps that would have been easier for everybody . I had become a physiological impossibility , a radioactive man . A danger to my environment . The next stage of evolution , perhaps . A new kind of human being . My condition was stable but difficult . After having wandered around the world for several years - l returned to Finland. I thought I could go back to my old life . That was stupid . My mere presence would have killed Katariina . A radioactive person is always alone . My life was over . The ultimate alternative felt more obvious than ever before . It was time to go . My great career as a scientist had driven me into a dead end . All I had ever wanted to do had destroyed me . I had decided to put an end to all this . But then , another miracle happened . Something wouldn 't let me stop quit eyet . The pieces fell into place . Nothing was just coincidence . Generator still existed . I was given a sign . Generator won 't survive this . I 've managed to gather some hard evidence - of the present state of " Die Seligkeit " project . Fact 1 : The project is still in progress. lt hasn 't been destroyed . Fact 2 : The development unit of the project has transferred to Finland - and now operates here . The research is continuing , based on the foundation I created . Fact 4 : I 'm still alive and soon there 'll be some asses burning . Someone has to take over . Someone has to be a hero . Generator employees , misinformed cattle . Oblivious to the machinery they keep rolling . Pitiful rats , just like me ten years ago . This crusade won 't stop until a complete change has taken place . Radiation risk in sector 33 . Proceed immediately to disinfection room . Radiation risk in sector 33 . Proceed immediately to disinfection room . Fuck . Maybe I was too hasty . My radiation rate triggers - the alarm in a few seconds . I must be more patient . At this stage of my mission - aggression must be discharged to maximise the muscle power . Systematic work always gets results . I sow the seeds of destruction like a ghost , without anyone noticing . That poor bastard hasn 't got a clue - about what really is going on in here . Generator , Paljakka . Hello ? Hello ? This isn 't easy , you know . Iodine keeps random shaking in check - but the risk of getting caught is as real as hell . Judging by the security measures I 've been right all along . There are mercenaries guarding the plant . It 's highly likely that the final aim of " Die Seligkeit " - is a new weapon of mass destruction , powered by x-rays . Yes , yes . The main computer centre of Generator is under my control . A wire here , a wire there , and every press of a button will be logged - in the infallible data system of my base . Big brother is watching , no kidding . The computers I built will break " Die Seligkeit " - as well as several other classified project files bit by bit . Everything will be crystal clear . Sooner or later they 'll discover the data leak - and I have to be ready by then . Generator will do anything to hide the truth . My body , an instrument of revenge , is now a lethal weapon . The sun of doomsday is rising . My talent was exploited . I never really knew the aims of the project . Today , Generator is working on the same principle . The talent of hundreds of scientists is harnessed for immoral projects - without them knowing it . And now , very soon , I can prove all this to you . Three , two , one . Well then , there it is . There it is , there it is . An x-ray cannon , Himmelführer . Here 's the proof ! Fuck , I was right . Harmless basic research ... My ass ! The final trumpet has sounded . SENDING THE VIRUS VIRUS SENT Fires in sectors 18 , 33 and 42 . Third-grade explosion risk in sectors 34 , 35 , 36 , 37 . " Die Seligkeit " must be transferred to a cooling tank . The core temperature has risen above the critical point . Channel Four News , good evening . The Finnish plant of an international energy company - has been destroyed in a sabotage attack this afternoon . The catastrophe caused damage of billions of marks - and halted all activity of Generator . There is as yet no information - about the people or motives behind the attack . Viewers are asked to report - any sightings of the man in this surveillance video to the police . You must tell Katariina that my act was justified . Tell her that I love her - but perhaps I can never return to her . I 've been given an assignment and I must fulfil it by myself . Well then , it 's time to go . In 8 1 / 2 hours they will pinpoint my base . Everyone must account for their actions , including me . Should anything happen to me - or if you don 't hear from me for a while - l want this tape to be released . Goodbye . This is the moment I 've been waiting for . This is it . Wolf 323 , Metro 262 . - Metro 262 copy . Don 't shoot , the consequences are not known . Hold the target . Team Fire Eagle will escort the target to a safe place . Over . One floor down . My conscience is clear now . Generator no longer exists . Every last paper of the research material has been burned . If necessary , this video tape will seal the case . An acquaintance of mine will keep it , whether he wants to or not . Everything happens for a reason . I have a mission now . There are plenty of companies like Generator . I can make a difference , for l am Akseli Ukkonen - and officially , I 'm dead . English subtitles : Anitra Paukkula / Movision subs ripped by petoni
