 If our gods and our hopes are nothing but scientific phenomena , then it must be said that our love is scientific as well - " L 'Ève Future " Repo 202 to Control . Arrived at target airspace . Commencing data relay . Fill me in . The perp killed the owner 52 minutes ago , at crime scene # 1 , then took off . Ambushed and murdered two cops at crime scene # 2 , an unmapped alley . All access points are blocked . We storm it in 2 minutes . That 's the cyborg cop from Section 9 . Keep your distance . I hear his bum luck catches like the plague . E-police want to horn in on us . They 're asking for a data link . First it 's Public Security , now the E-Police . Decline their request respectfully . Help me . We 've had eight cases of gynoids murdering their masters . After each killing , they self-destruct , electronic brains reformatted . In each case , the model in question is Locus Solus # 2052 , " Hadaly " type . A prototype developed for testing , they were provided free of charge to contractors . Now , they 've recalled all the prototypes . According to their most recent report , they 've identified no defects in either software or hardware . You get all that ? Manufacturer 's latest gynoids go berserk , attacking their owners , company panics and recalls every one . They can expect lawsuits by bereaved families , inevitable liability trials and mammoth damage awards . I get it all except why Section 9 is involved . You get it ? What you call getting it may be just wishful thinking . Right now , Section 9 's involved for two reasons . First , not one single family has filed a lawsuit . In every case they 've settled with Locus Solus out of court . Second , the victims included a politician and a retired Public Security official . Because terrorism 's a possible motive , it 's our job to consider if it 's a matter for Section 9 . Ishikawa and Azuma are getting background on the victims . You two check out the gynoids . No questions . Go . Just for the record , I didn 't volunteer for this . There 's no way I 'll measure up to the Major . That 's beside the point . I hear she 's still listed as missing . The Major could only call her brain and her ghost her own . Although even she doubted whether they were real . Her brains and hardware were government property and her entire memory , including the classified information , were part of the deal . The top brass only cares about recovering that memory . Her life is not an issue for them . So , where do we start ? Locus Solus is located in the northern frontier . The first step is to check in with local Forensics . [ POLICE ] You guys ... About the gynoid this guy wasted yesterday ... She cost us two young officers . Don 't tell me you want her back ? That 's part of what we 've come to determine . Forensics is up on 19 , a right at the end of the hall . - Need a guide ? - No thanks , we 'll skip the tour . " Birds never peck at green persimmons , they wait until the fruit is ripe . " Back when you were a detective , you would 've had a choice word or two for guys like us swooping down to horn in on your case . That 's why it 's so irritating . It 's like watching my old self . " It is no use to blame the looking glass if your face is askew . The mirror is not an instrument of enlightenment but of illusion . " Well , neither of us has looks worth staring at in the mirror . You can come all you want , I 'm not sharing this investigation . And if you 're too persistent , I 'll have you detained . I 'm Togusa , Public Security Section 9 . This scary-looking fellow ... Blew her apart with double-0 buckshot . A 50 caliber hollow point would 've left her easier to reconstruct . She wasted 3 people , two of ' em cops . She was trying to commit suicide before you shot her . Isn 't that right ? - " Commit suicide " meaning ... Miss ... - Haraway . Miss Haraway , how exactly would a robot kill itself ? By intentionally malfunctioning , these gynoids are capable of self-authorizing attacks against humans . This liberates them from Moral Code # 3 . Which stipulates , " Maintain existence without injuring humans . " Isn 't " self-destruction " more accurate ? If you assume differences between humans and machines are obvious . Are such " suicides " confined to a particular model ? Not necessarily . In recent years we 've seen a surge of robot related problems , especially among the " pets " . The cause ? Cyberbrain contamination from microbes and viruses , human production errors , functional defects from wear-and-tear . - Take your pick , but ... - But ? I say it 's because humans discard robots once they 're redundant . When owners trade up to newer models , some of those abandoned become vagrants , and degenerate . Perhaps it 's a protest against their own obsolescence . Absurd . Humans are different from robots . That 's an article of faith , like black isn 't white . It 's no more helpful than the basic fact that humans aren 't machines . Unlike industrial robots , the androids and gynoids designed as " pets , " weren 't designed along utilitarian or practical models . Instead , we model them on a human image , an idealized one at that . Why are humans so obsessed with recreating themselves ? - Do you have children ? - A daughter . Children have been excluded from the customary standards of human behavior , if you define humans as beings who possess a conventional identity and act out of free will . Then what are children who endure in the chaos preceding maturity ? They differ profoundly from " humans , " but they obviously have human form . The dolls that little girls mother , are not surrogates for real babies . Little girls aren 't so much imitating child rearing , as they are experiencing something deeply akin to child rearing . What on earth are you talking about ? Raising children is the simplest way to achieve the ancient dream of artificial life . At least , that 's my hypothesis . Children aren 't dolls ! Descartes didn 't differentiate man from machine , animate from inanimate . He lost his beloved five-year-old daughter and then named a doll after her , Francine . He doted on her . At least that 's what they say . Can we get back to reality here ? I 'd like your observations with respect to the Hadaly robot , model # 2052 , manufactured by Locus Solus . Right . It 's very well designed . I understand it 's a prototype , but it 's intended for particular functions . Particular functions ? It 's equipped with organs unnecessary in service robots . Meaning ? It 's a sexaroid . Nothing to brag about to your neighbors , but hardly illegal . I get it . Scandal . No wonder those families settled out of court . When its systems shut down , the electronic brain reformats . That 's standard protection for manufacturer 's proprietary software . - But ... - But , what ? We found a file in the audio buffer . Care to hear it ? Help me . Help me . Help me . Thanks for your help . Uh , one last question . It 's none of my business , but ... No , I 've never raised a child . Nothing registered at the ovum bank . Thank you , Miss ... Haraway . No need for Miss or Mrs. She 's not really the type for technical work . Her reports are doubtless full of unsolicited opinions , just like mine . Which held you back from promotion . We secure that gynoid 's brain for the labs at Section 9 . That 's the last we 'll see of her . - She your type ? - Actually , I like older women . - Next ? - Follow procedure . - Investigate the Hadaly inspector ? - 09 calling 907 . There 's been a 602 in the District 201 boathouse . Victim is inspector for Locus Solus . Scene secured two minutes prior to local police . - Roger , 907 . - Unbelievable timing . " A fine spring day . A carriage sprints between this world and the next . " You 're all alone here ? Koga got reacquainted with his dinner and went back with the corpse . What a wimp . The scene , 22 minutes ago . You made a rookie deal with this mess ? Life 's a learning curve . Here 's what we 've got . Analysis of victim 's brain yields ... Jack Volkerson , age 54 . Consignment inspector for Locus Solus . He applied for leave five days ago and vanished . Three days ago , he rented this boathouse . The murder weapon , kitchen utensils . Inspection of the area turned up a vehicle license linked to organized crime . We 're checking it out . Seven credit cards found in jacket , presumably the victim 's . Investigating transaction history . 38 caliber SW Model 2602 . Looks like he ran out of time . Doubt it would 've done him much good . " An illegally powerful cyborg , " or maybe a professional faking a psycho . 969 calling 906 , 20 seconds away from the scene , don 't touch . Not a thing . Let 's leave this to Forensics . 907 calling 09 . We 're handing the scene over to 969 . - 09 , Roger . It 's my daughter 's birthday . - Family man , huh ? - I 'll drop you off . - Wrong direction . Ishikawa ? - Not headed his way , either . Okay . Daughter 's birthday takes priority . You 're a cheerful bunch . The chief showing up at a scene ? The corpse is missing parts , that 's why . The place is all yours . Take your time . What 's the big deal over a local case ? The boss has taken an interest . Found it ! Divided up in jars in the refrigerator . Heart , liver , kidneys , even the pancreas . Conscientious bastard . Fresh dog food , huh ? Stick to dry food and he 'll last longer . I can 't feed him that . You 're teamed up with Togusa ? Beats being paired off with a rookie fresh out of training . For an ex-detective , he 's got his uses . I 've got no complaints . Except that the only one up to your standards was the Major . Cut the chatter , Ishikawa . - Later . - Batou ... - What now ? - Stick to the dry food . For nutritional balance , it 's better for the dog . He died from a blow that severed his cervical vertebrae . The kitchen utensils were for evisceration , not murder . Someone took their time dismembering the corpse ? So it appears . We 've confirmed the organs in the refrigerator were the victim 's . They reveal gastritis and cirrhosis of the liver . Apparently an alcoholic . Why 'd the perp bother with the organs ? Maybe to create the impression he was a psycho or a freak . Or to underscore an element of retribution or revenge . So we 're not looking for an assassin posing as a thrill-seeker . What 's with the warped doorknob ? Analysis indicates a Chinese prosthetic limb , model NR26 . Known as the Crab Claw . Strictly military . Available on the black market , defective ones , anyway . The Claw jives with that stiff 's mutilated neck , too . Did you track down the license on those yakuza wheels ? They 've covered their tracks with a lot of illegal modifications . Stick to the facts . We tracked down records from a nearby parking lot . The vehicle in question 's registered to a crime group called Kojinkai . Car 's bulletproofed , with a reinforced chassis and rear shocks . It 's been linked to a number of assault scenes . Custom wheels for a cyborg . An illegally modified bodyguard at that . - So this was yakuza payback ? - But where 's the motive ? The Kojinkai 's an entrenched Japanese crime syndicate . Drugs , hookers , gambling , scams , an anything-goes yakuza operation . And a Hadaly gynoid yanked off the big boss , Inoue 's head 3 days ago . A young turk , Wakabayashi , took over the show . It 's a no-brainer . Avenge the boss ' death and his throne is yours . Hold on . If Volkerson knew they had it in for him , why 'd he take the trouble of hiding out on their turf ? We don 't know . His cyberbrain 's wiped clean , so the car 's our only lead . Let 's leave this one to the locals . The terrorists-masquerading - as-deranged-robots scenario ? There 's no political link between the victims , so I think that 's a dead end . But I 'm putting Batou and Togusa on all our berserk Hadaly cases full-time , this one included . The rest of you , get back to your regular shifts . That 's it . Togusa . See me before you go . Talk to me . We 'll check out any links between the Kojinkai mob and Locus Solus . I mean Batou . Your job includes monitoring your partner 's emotional state . I know , but I 'm not a cyborg or an electronic neurologist . " One need not be Caesar in order to understand Caesar . " You 're a family man , right ? Do you consider yourself to be happy ? Well , sure . Most of us are neither so happy nor so miserable as we think . The key is to stay engaged with your life and your hopes . I don 't understand . Lately , Batou 's reminding me of the Major before she disappeared . You know , " Let one walk alone , committing no sin , with few wishes , like an elephant in the forest . " Chief , why did you pick me for this job ? Because it was the Major who plucked you off your local beat . What 'd he want ? Apparently you don 't need to be Caesar in order to understand him . That goes without saying . " The world cannot live at the level of its great men . " You planning on starting a war ? No need to be a yakuza to pay them a visit , but we 'll need weapons . - I want to get something straight . - What ? We 're just going to chat with these guys , right ? You dislike yakuza ? - Sure . Detest them . - Same here . But we 're just going to chat , right ? Like I said , you don 't need to be a yakuza ... I know . To pay them a visit . But you also said we need weapons . I 'm a family man . I can always go alone . No . I 'll go with you , I am your partner . But I want your word . Okay . We 're just going to chat . Avoid shooting as best you can . - Happy now ? - Just fine . Let 's go then , pal . Who the fuck are you ? Here to chat with Wakabayashi . Go get him . What about , " Avoid shooting ? " I did as best I could . Move out , you 're on point . Here comes their back-up . Images ! That son of a bitch infiltrated our vision ! Blame your own cheap shit electronics . What 's up ? Narrow , dark stairs . What 's the program ? - We take turns , I 'll lead . - No , I 'll lead . You 're so damned big , I can 't cover you . Your little gifts exploded above my head . Even presuming they went off at their most lethal range , you think two grenades are going to drop an armored cyborg ? You insult me . Start by telling me about the dead consignment inspector , then spill your connections to Locus Solus . What ... ? Well , look who 's here . Bring it on , Mr Can Opener . You and that claw look nasty , but I 'm ready . Betting on that obvious a move ? Moron . They told me where to find the consignment inspector so we whacked him . I 'm fresh out of 3 years in the pen . I know jack shit about what the boss was up to with that outfit . Still with me , pal ? All I could see ... were my wife and daughter 's faces . That wasn 't your wife or daughter . It was the grim reaper . I ordered you to conduct an investigation . I never said skip the paperwork and act like vigilantes . I certainly don 't recall ordering you to barge into any yakuza office . This isn 't the jungle and you 're not Special Forces hit men . - You still pissed off ? - I am not pissed . And I hate to sound ungrateful to the man who saved my life ... But being your partner is definitely gonna take a toll on me . Look , it 's only the two of us on this case . A half-assed approach just won 't cut it . If Locus Solus has anything to hide , they 'll come after us . So that 's why you put on that yakuza gun show . Yeah , and if the chief was really pissed , he 'd have suspended us . Pull over , will you ? Later . You 're in the kill zone . Don 't tamper with the settings on that new arm of yours . Operating system upgrades can conflict with the weapon-control , rendering it entirely useless . Then you 'll have to reformat the thing . Hey , where are the remains of my old arm ? Don 't even think about it . Not much left . The organic components in this new one match your DNA . I suppose that , with enough use , it 'll feel like my own . Ouch . Hey , just hold on . The fact that you carried him here means that ... Yeah . I broke into your love nest . I just couldn 't stomach the thought of him moaning with hunger , covered in shit , waiting for you . Believe it or not , I 'm a dog lover . But I 'm the one that took him in for the night . My daughter 's in heaven and my wife 's fuming over her dirty carpets . When did you start tailing me ? It 's no big deal , man . Yes , it is a big deal . You used me as a smokescreen . With experience , you would 've caught on . Blame it on the boss . Is this pooch a clone ? Aren 't originals outrageously expensive ? His was the first line bred by artificial insemination . It 's hardly your style to let them hack into your brain . And any daily routine just makes you vulnerable to traps . I told you to stick to dry food . But he likes the fresh stuff and that 's the only store that carries it . They had you going berserk , shooting five bullets into your own arm , and nearly blowing away the store owner . He may be nuts , but it 's a rare bird that can hack into this guy . Except for the Major . And why didn 't they make me blow my own head off ? I think , because they want to disgrace you , not wipe you out . First , you barge into a yakuza office , send a dozen men to heaven or the hospital , and that very same day , unload your weapon in a grocery store . So we think either you 've gone mad or your cyberbrain 's shot . But this was a planned attack . It proves that our case wasn 't random . We can 't pull out . We 'd jeopardize the whole point of Section 9 . That 's what the Major 'd say . And I 've got a message from the boss , too . Stay on it , but no more official Section support until you come up with material proof . We 'll go to the source then , Locus Solus . Nothing preserves secrecy like speed . You 're going to the northern frontier immediately . - Far north ? - You two can 't handle it ? Sure , but what about the basset ? A single man in this line of work keeping a dog is preposterous ! And of all dogs , you choose a high-maintenance hound . It 's not my problem . You guys figure it out ! This area was once intended as the Far East 's most important information center , a Special Economic Zone in its heyday . These towers survive as a shadow of the city 's former glory . Its dubious sovereignty has made it the ideal haven for multi-nationals and the criminal elements that feed off their spoils . It 's a lawless zone , beyond the reach of UN or e-police . Reminds me of the line , " What the body creates , is as much an expression of DNA as the body itself . " But the same applies to beaver dams and spiderwebs . I 'll take the coral reefs as my metaphor . Though hardly so beautiful . If the essence of life is information carried in DNA , then society and civilization are just colossal memory systems and a metropolis like this one , simply a sprawling external memory . " How great is the sum of thy thoughts . If I should count them , they are more in number than the sand . " Psalms 139 , Old Testament . The way you spout these spontaneous exotic references , I 'd say your own external memory 's pretty twisted . Look who 's talking ! Sorry to interrupt , but we 're about to fly over Locus Solus . This pass is for you , so take a good look . So much for the free tour . Prepare for landing . " His legions , angel forms , who lay entranced . Thick as autumnal leaves that strow the brooks . " Now you 're quoting Milton , but we are not Satan . Batou ! You sure have gotten informal , Lin . Since when do you skip the " Sir " ? I haven 't forgotten the debt I owe you . " The less one forgets the less one can remember ? " Oh , c 'mon , Batou ... Sir . Now you want to butter me up with " Sir " . Please , forgive me , I beg you . I beseech you . - Know a guy called Kim ? - Never heard of him . Actually , they 're a dime a dozen up this way . I 'm just looking for a particular one . We have loyalty even in my line . " There 's loyalty that protects secrets and loyalty that protects the truth . " You cannot serve both masters , so which loyalty is yours ? They say there 's no truth without secrets . I 'll ask you again , do you know a guy called Kim ? Never heard of him . Actually , they 're a dime a dozen ... " Life and death come and go like marionettes dancing on a table . Once their strings are cut , they easily crumble . " He used to be a long-range military scout . " Unfit as a commander , unfit to be commanded , fit only to languish by the wayside . " He bounced around between Special Forces and Electronics , and got into black market weapons . His reputation turned to shit . Wound up your garden-variety hacker . Sounds like quite a story . Yeah , but no matter how far a jackass travels , it won 't come back a horse . His downfall came when his reach exceeded his grasp . Let 's go . Batou , the study on the top floor . I guess we were a little late . Pro-active firewalls must have fried him hacking in somewhere . In any case , doesn 't look like he would 've been of much use . " The deceased firmly declines offerings of fresh or artificial flowers or birds released in his honor . " " Sleep not you of the dead . " Even Confucius says you should never pretend to sleep like a corpse . I haven 't got time for your stupid jokes , Kim . Haven 't seen you since that landing operation in Nemuro . I 'm here on a job . Meaning Locus Solus ? They came late to the robot racket , but expanded rapidly once they focused on high-end gynoids . There are whispers of links to politicians , bureaucrats , even crime syndicates . Wary of local regulators for these " specialized " mannequins , they shifted all production to a multi-national factory ship anchored in international waters . They turn out some mighty fine dolls . Fine enough to commit suicide after murdering humans ? If that 's true , it 's pretty unseemly . That would mean replicating humans by breathing souls into dolls . Who 'd want to do that ? The definition of a truly beautiful doll is a living , breathing body devoid of a soul . " An unyielding corpse , tiptoeing on the brink of collapse . " Or reduced to a ravaged body with a cyberbrain ... like you . The human is no match for a doll , in its form , its elegance in motion , its very being . The inadequacies of human awareness become the inadequacies of life 's reality . Perfection is possible only for those without consciousness , or perhaps endowed with infinite consciousness . In other words , for dolls and for gods . Shouldn 't we get back to business ? Actually , there 's one more mode of existence commensurate with dolls and deities . Animals ? Shelley 's skylarks are suffused with a profound , instinctive joy . Joy we humans , driven by self-consciousness , can never know . For those of us who lust after knowledge , it is a condition more elusive than godhood . And this conundrum compelled you to inhabit a doll and play dead ? Is that your reason ? " Without knowing life , how can we know death ? " That 's what Confucius says . It is a rare human who knows death . Most meet death unprepared , armed only with ignorant familiarity . In other words , people die simply because it is inevitable . But death is a precondition of life for a doll . Kim chose to become a complete cyborg . That was his reason . He bounced around between Special Forces and Electronics , and got into black market weapons . His reputation turned to shit . Wound up your garden-variety hacker . Sounds like quite a story . No matter how far a jackass travels , it won 't come back a horse . What 's wrong ? Lets go . Batou ! " The deceased hereby proclaims , that on this day of this month , 'I have attained my own celebrated death . ' " Truly disturbing , isn 't it ? I really understand . The doubt is whether a creature that certainly appears to be alive , really is . Alternatively , the doubt that a lifeless object might actually live . That 's why dolls haunt us . They are modeled after humans . They are , in fact , nothing but human . They make us face the terror of being reduced to simple mechanisms and matter . In other words , the fear that , fundamentally , all humans belong to the void . Enough . Let 's get down to business . Further , science , seeking to unlock the secret of life , brought about this terror . The notion that nature is calculable inevitably leads to the conclusion that humans too , are reducible to basic , mechanical parts . " The human body is a machine which winds its own springs . It is the living image of perpetual motion . " In this age , the twin technologies of robotics and electronic neurology resurrected the 18th century theory of man as machine . And now that computers have enabled externalized memory , humans have pursued self-mechanization aggressively , to expand the limits of their own functions . Determined to leave behind Darwinian natural selection , this human determination to beat evolutionary odds also reveals the desire to transcend the very quest for perfection that gave it birth . The mirage of life equipped with perfect hardware engendered this nightmare . " God 's everlasting geometry . " Here goes ! Batou ! How do you feel ? How did I ... Looks like a tangle of virtual experience hacked into your cyberbrain . Just as luck appears in threes , misfortune also arrives three times . A gaze averted in discomfort , a realization unspoken , advice unbidden . Without noticing , we welcome catastrophe . But our world cannot afford to ignore the first sign , let alone all three . I told you , Kim , I don 't have time for your stupid jokes ! When did you catch on ? No one 's easier to trick than the trickster . You may be an electronic warfare specialist , but you forget my line 's intelligence . And besides ... I come complete with a guardian angel . Try digging up the hall image in your external memory database . Jacob Grimm wrote that by inscribing " aemaeth " upon Golem 's brow , the clay man lived by drawing energy from the word for " truth " . But simply removing " ae " to form " maeth " or " death , " returned the Golem back to inanimate clay . That prophecy told me that no truth would be found within these walls . Someone broke through the firewalls I devised ? Preposterous . Who on earth could ? ! Like I told you , my guardian angel . Game 's over , Kim . It 's time you started talking ... That 's just a doll . You don 't know when to quit , Kim . I won 't fall for another diversion . Batou , how can you disprove this reality is genuine or an extension of false illusions generated by virtual signals ? My ghost is whispering to me . Humans are nothing but the thread from which the dream of life is woven . If dreams , consciousness , even ghosts are no more than rifts and warps in the uniform weave of the matrix . We are both but worthless humans , though we walk very different paths . Of course , if you don 't believe in ghosts , you 'll never know madness or schizophrenia , either . The little that 's left of your body will not rot , Kim , but continue to function until you meet a suitable death . Are we actually back in physical reality ? There is no way to distinguish reminiscence from true memory . Whatever they are , they can only be analyzed after the fact . The passage of time itself can 't be stored , so it 's tough . And inevitable , now that our cyberbrains share external memories . Do your wife and daughter , waiting for you at home , really exist ? Or are you , in reality , still single , living in some cheap rented room , only dreaming of that family . Don 't you want to verify what actually happened back there ? And if you knew almost from the start , why ? I had to ascertain his motives . Kim set his trap knowing I 'd come calling , inserting the virtual reality to shake us off . That 's about the gist of it . Maybe he was the hacker who planted something in my cyberbrain , making me dance to his tune and blow away my right arm . Just as Ishikawa surmised , not many could have pulled that off . Locus Solus suspects as much . So you anticipated all of this . Pretended to fall into his trap , then beat him at his own game that was my plan . But Kim was pretty sophisticated . I only made it out because of the hallway clue . The guardian angel you spoke of ... She 's gone . Somewhere beyond that " rift in the uniform weave of the matrix . " She 's definitely alive . Merging somewhere on the vast net , or with the entire domain . Though that 's not for me . There are as many paths to proving your existence as there are ghosts . And you 've got your daughter . I thought Kim knew other paths too , back when he and I were in the jungle together . - At least I 've figured one thing out . - What 's that ? That I 'll never cut it as your partner . Lost your nerve ? No , but to quote you , I 've got a daughter to go home to . That may be , but you 'll still need to pay your way out of here . Don 't you have enough ? We can nail Locus Solus with the data from Kim 's cyberbrain . We can only prove he interfered with an investigation plus the ethics violation . Besides , our investigation 's officially off the record . So , if we 're going to make charges in those gynoid serial murders stick , - we need material evidence . - And Kim 's a dead end . No , he 's not . His ghost may be beyond reach , but his cyberbrain 's still tied to Locus Solus . We 've got to settle this case before they clean out their operation . There 's an old saying , " When you 're neither right nor wrong , it 's time to beat the drums and attack . " In other words , when dialogue fails , it 's time for violence . Hey , this isn 't like barging into some yakuza office ! Then I won 't count on your Mateba revolver for cover . " Birds seek refuge in the heavens , fish dive deep into the sea . " I 've made contact with the escort . Roger . Diving 's risky for a heavyweight cyborg . It 's so deep here , if you sank , we 'd never retrieve you . I used to know a cyborg whose hobby was diving . Don 't know what got into her . I 'm helping out because you 're Lin 's friend , but they say no one 's come back from that ship alive . Then I don 't know what 's got into you . - Exactly . Let 's go . - Hold on ! In 12 seconds , we 'll trip their sensors . I 'll send two seconds of camouflage signal . Roger . I 've routed this thing into the chief 's cyberbrain . Initiating synchronization . I 'm in . Forward the vessel data . Download complete . Tapped into my visual system ? Recording now . Wouldn 't want to miss my mentor 's assault . You 're a real smartass . Infiltrator detected . Rebooting security . Review status of all onboard cyberbrains . Scan for matches in memory usage and virus size . It may be a latent virus . Cross monitor . Logical contact with the chief 's cyberbrain denied . Just go ahead and reformat ! Rebooting of level 2 security system complete . Create a detour , divert the infiltrator . Rebuild the logic firewall . Load antibodies . Scanning virii . Response team , prepare decoys for ambush . Deploy all latent viruses along firewalls . Security wall 014 breached . Error type 280 in security wall 032 . Rebuilding level 1 external security wall . Fluctuation in enemy 's proactive firewall pattern detected . Transmitting virus . Pull out , Togusa . You 're in danger . They 're onto you . They 'll fry your brain ! - Not yet , a little further . - You idiot ! Don 't be crazy ! Illegal access at gynoid production area . Suspect an unconfirmed latent virus attack . Release all vaccines to thwart . Too late , all systems activated . Cannot establish logical contact . Currently loading combat robotics control software . Warning . Abnormality on the TH07 Line . Security team , arm and head for the line , I repeat . " Veni sancto spiritus . " Been a while , Major . How shall I address you now ? To be precise , it 's just a fragment of me downloaded via satellite . This gynoid 's cyberbrain lacks capacity . It can only handle the combat robotics control system . This is the best I can do for facial and vocal expression . There should be an emergency access terminal 50 meters down this passage . If we can infiltrate that , we 'll take over the whole system . You haven 't changed . Move out . You 're on point . I 'll cover the rear . Just like the old days . " Who can gaze into the mirror without becoming evil ? A mirror does not reflect evil , but creates it . " Poetics , now ? We 're running low on ammo . " Thus , a mirror bears a glimpse , but not scrutiny . " Hey , isn 't that risky ? It 's just until I shut down the operating system . Plug into the auxiliary inputs in the floor . I have to gain system control or this gynoid 's nonfunctional . I 'm counting on your 30-caliber arm . My brain can control firing , but I 've only got one clip left . And I have my doubts about going hand-to-hand with them . Here goes ! Illegal onboard breach of main system . Onboard ? Isolate access point , erect proactive firewall . Multiple camouflage signals identified . No fluctuation in any terminal . It may be an outside access . Terminate all external network links . Physically disengage external inputs . Emergency control system not responding . Diffused viruses coalescing . Breach in system area firewalls . Prepare for system reset . Isolate level 1 data . Multiple illegal access in core system . Our countermeasures can 't keep up . We 're in control . All external links severed . The ship is in standalone mode now . - We 're moving ? - We 're heading south , leaving international waters for sovereign territory . This entire ship will be the material evidence that proves Locus Solus ' crime . They 'll come after us . Before they do , we 'll have an escort vessel . There . It 's already done . And we have the time to examine the Locus Solus technique that infused dolls with souls . Haven 't you cracked it ? You 've got a hunch , too . Right ? It 's absolutely silent . Electromagnetic shielding ... Ghost dubbing . In past animal experiments , scientists mass-produced inferior copies , but had to abandon the practice as it destroyed the original being . But Locus Solus brainwashed girls supplied by the Kojinkai mob , dubbing their ghosts onto gynoids . It was the ghost that made Locus Solus gynoids so desirable . Help me ... Help me ... You came to help me . Mr. Volkerson promised ... the police would come and rescue me . I was stage four , but my friend Soana , is already stage five . She can 't hear anything and never answers anymore . Volkerson , the murdered inspector , revised their ethics code . Exposed , the yakuza served him up to avenge the crime boss . But Volkerson was right . If the robots made trouble , someone would notice . Someone would come to save us . Didn 't he consider the victims ? Not the humans . What about the dolls endowed with souls ? But ... but ... I didn 't want to become a doll ! " We weep for the bird 's cry , but not for the blood of a fish . Blessed are those who have voice . " If the dolls could speak , no doubt they 'd scream , " I didn 't want to become human . " Let me ask you this , do you consider yourself happy ? A nostalgic value , I suppose . At least I am free of qualms . " Let one walk alone , committing no sin , with few wishes . " " Like an elephant in the forest . " Always remember , Batou ... Whenever you enter the Net , I 'll be by your side . I 'm going . She showed up on that boat , didn 't she ? Your guardian angel . Clamming up again , eh ? Why ? You think I 'd report you ? I 'll pick you up at 8 : 00 . I owe you for looking after him . Why don 't you come in ? Hanging out with someone else 's family just isn 't my thing . My present , my present ! I remembered , see ? Original captions : Linda Hoaglund with Judith Aley . Revised subtitles , re-encoding :
