 The Devil 's Hands Are Idle Playthings [ MUSIC PLAYS ] Huh ? I choose to not understand these signs . Aha ! Bender ! I was just not playing the holophonor . Yeah , well , you should try not stinking at it . Well , I am trying . I 've been taking lessons . Lessons ! Oh , that 's rich ! Isn 't it time you gave up all hope of ever improving yourself in any way ? I know I should , but I just can 't . Remember those stomach worms I had that made me smart ? I could play the holophonor . And it made Leela like me . Hey , Bender , as long as you know , I have a holophonor recital Tuesday ... ... and I 'd really like to have somebody there . Please ? Fine . I 'll go already . You know , sometimes I wish your real parents were still alive . Not often , though . Hey ! [ MUMBLING ] - Hello , Mrs. Mellonger . - Hello , Philip . And you must be Mr. Bender . Philip 's told me so much about you . - Is it true that you 're a robot ? - I prefer the term " Iove machine . " [ PURRS ] [ PLAYS BEETHOVEN 'S " FUR ELISE " ] Your kid is great . - How hard you say you had to hit him ? - Fairly hard . " The Grumpy Snail . " [ PLAYS BADLY ] Sorry . [ GROWLING ] [ SCREAMING ] It 's too grumpy ! - No ! No ! Quit ! Stop ! - Whoo ! Mr. Bender , I simply cannot teach your child . Then good day , madam ! We hope to see you soon for tea . FRY : It 's hopeless . I can hear this great music in my head , but my stupid hands can 't keep up . You know what always cheers me up ? Laughing at other people 's misfortunes ! [ LAUGHING ] Hey , guys . You missed a great delivery to space Earth . - Where you been all afternoon ? - At a concert . Was it jazz noodling ? My ex-boyfriend Shawn played the sax . I used to listen for hours while he sat naked on my couch and improvised . So musicians really Rodger your Hammerstein ? Yeah . It 's weird . Shawn was uneducated , unambitious . - He was pasty and hunched . - Pretty boy . But when he played , I could sense this incredible , beautiful creative soul . Then one day I found someone else 's couch fibers on his butt . I couldn 't even believe that . That 's really ... . That could be my beautiful soul sitting naked on her couch . If I could just learn to play this stupid thing . Oh , but you can . You may have to metaphorically make a deal with the devil . And by devil , I mean Robot Devil . And by metaphorically , I mean get your coat . [ SCREAMING ] [ MUSIC PLAYS ] You hit a sour note about 200 years back , Doug ! Let 's take it from the top . - Ow ! - Bender ! Fry ! You 've come back for more eternal damnation ! No , this isn 't a religious visit . Fry just wants holophonor lessons . Yep . I need to get really good without practicing . [ CHUCKLING ] Hell is full of 1 0-year-olds who wanted exactly the same thing . Trouble is , you have what my old music teacher ... ... Mrs. Mellonger , calls " stupid fingers . " With hands like that you 'll be lucky to master a belt buckle . Now , wouldn 't it be nice if you had a pair of robot hands to replace them ? Sure would . Oh , well , goodbye . Fry , you smelly idiot . I think he 's willing to make some kind of deal with the devil with you . He is ? Great ! - Wait , what 's the catch ? - No catch . I 'll merely pick a robot at random from somewhere in the universe ... ... probably one you 've never even met , and then I 'll remove his hands ... ... and switch them for yours . It 's just the sort of guy I am . - What do you say ? - I don 't know . - It doesn 't seem entirely moral to- - - Fry , if you don 't take this offer ... ... I will lose all respect for you and punch you . [ CHUCKLING ] Well , all right . - You sure I won 't know him ? - Definitely probably not . - Just sign this contract . - Wow . And here we go ! I got 1 00 bucks on Rectal Exam-bot ! - Ah ! - Robot Devil ? I get your hands ? Oh , what an appallingly ironic outcome ! It 's not ironic , it 's just coincidental . Now fork over those ladyfingers , cookie ! I only put my name on there as a show of good faith for the other robots . Stop being such a baby and chop my hands off . Oh , very well . - How 'd you do that ? - They 're very good hands . At last ! At last I have the power to make Leela love me ! [ GAGGING ] Oh , sorry . That 'll wear off in a couple of days . Check it out , everyone ! I 'm back from hell ... - ... and I 've got the Robot Devil 's hands ! - Neat ! - Let 's see a trick ! - Alrighty . [ BENDER BABBLING ] Somebody called a Robot Devil 's here to see somebody called Fry . Uh-oh . Where 'd I go just now ? Hello , Fry . [ CHUCKLING ] Just dropped by to make sure you 're as happy with our little deal as I am . And- - Oh , give me back my hands ! These things are always touching me in places . [ CHUCKLING ] Yeah , they get around . But I 'm afraid we had a deal . - Looks like I wasted a bus trip . - Yes , you did . [ HOLOPHONOR PLAYS ] [ PLAYS " FUR ELISE " ] [ WOMAN SCREAMS ] [ CARMEN 'S " BOLERO " PLAYS ] Yes , now you can hear holophonor virtuoso Philip Fry playing 900 of these classic themes in your own home on this two-record set . That 's over 30 minutes of music for only $ 14.99 . Only $ 1 4.99 for a two-record set . Two records ! Oh , Zoidberg , at last you 're becoming a crafty consumer . MAN : Hello ? - Hello ? I 'll take eight ! [ DOORBELL CHIMES ] - A Mr. Hedonism-bot to see you . - Show him in . - Very good , sir . - Oh , Fry ! Congratulations ! Your latest performance was as delectable as dipping my bottom ... ... over and over into a bath of the silkiest oils and creams . Thank you . That 's exactly what I was going for . You are the sole diversion in what has been a pale and unamusing season . And so I would fain commission you write an opera . - But I 've never written an opera . - And I 've never heard one . Still , if you can keep me amused through the overture ... ... I shall consider it a smashing success . But I wouldn 't even know what to write about . Unless ... . Okay , I 'll do it . If I can make it about Leela . Me ? Really ? A man writing an opera about a woman ? Oh , sirrah . How deliciously absurd . I shall see you at the premiere . [ GIGGLING ] [ HOLOPHONOR PLAYS ] - Is it part of the opera ? - Leela ! You shouldn 't be listening . - I don 't want you to hear it till it 's done . - But it 's so beautiful . So is a peacock , but you don 't eat it until it 's cooked . This has to be perfect . I want you to hear exactly what I hear when I think about you . Oh , Fry . All this time you 've had this incredible gift and I never knew . I 've been a fool . A fully justified , prudent fool . - Ah ! They 're so cold ! ROBOT DEVIL : And yet hell is so hot ! [ ROBOT DEVIL LAUGHING ] ROBOT DEVIL : Can I have my hands ? - No ! You 're not nice ! [ HUMMING ] Bender , this is a surprise . For you , finding me in the refrigerator ! True , but at least I don 't have the hiccups anymore . What up ? Oh , well , it so happens I 'm in the mood to make a deal with you . - Forget it , you can 't tempt me . - Really ? There 's nothing you want ? I forgot you could tempt me with things I want . I suppose I 've always wondered what it would be like to be more annoying . Oh . Nothing simpler . And all I ask in return is your hands to replace these bony hot dogs . Grabby and Squeezy ? Never ! I love these guys ! Is there anything else you would part with ? No ! Nothing ! Ain 't gonna happen . Yes ! With this built-in stadium air horn , I can really annoy people ! And all it cost me was my crotch plate . You certainly are a shrewd businessman , Bender . Now find someone and give them a good blast . Yeah ! That 'll teach the first person I see a lesson . My ridiculously circuitous plan is one quarter complete . [ LAUGHING ] Well , Fry 's opera premieres tomorrow night . I 'm off to find a pair of formal gloves that 'll fit over my enormous forearms . [ AIR HORN HONKING ] [ LAUGHING ] - Pretty annoying , huh , Leela ? - What ? Are you talking ? - Oh , God , I 'm deaf ! - Oops ! I 'm so , so sorry , Leela . I just wanted to annoy you . What ? Oh , this is horrible ! I won 't be able to hear Fry 's opera . [ SOBBING ] Oh , how delightfully ironic . It 's not ironic . It 's just mean . Take this : [ AIR HORN FADING ] Oh ! Out of aerosol . Also ironic . Oh , yeah ? Well , bite my shiny metal- - Oh , no ! Nobody tell Fry I 'm deaf . If he found out I couldn 't hear his opera , it 'd break his heart . Okay , Deafo . Courtesans and gentle fops , I bid you welcome to my opera . Let us cavort like the Greeks of old . You know the ones I mean . [ CROWD MUMBLING ] - Hurrah ! - Yay , Fry ! I watch TV with that guy ! Who is this one-eyed Female baby Moses ? With courage in Her female baby smile ? A savior from the stars Or something stranger still ? Orjust a lonely Filthy , starving child ? Amy , Fry 's looking at me . What am I supposed to be feeling ? Ah . Leela , Leela , Leela , save him Save Fry , save Fry Godzilla will devour him As for me , I must be off To have my doctor check this cough [ COUGHING ] Goodbye I don 't recall ever fighting Godzilla . But that is so what I would 've done . [ LAUGHING ] One diet double martini , please . - And for you , sir ? - I 'll just have a Shirley Hemple . Extra ! Extra ! World 's greatest opera only half over ! Half over ? Oh ! - I 'd give anything to hear the rest . - Anything ? Thank you , sir . Now , as I was saying , anything ? Because I can give you new robotic ears . What ? You can give me new ears ? Wait . What seemingly reasonable thing do you want in return ? - Just your hands , my dear . - Whatever you said , forget it . All right , then . Just one hand . Just my left hand ? MAN : Please take your seats for Act 2 . HEDONISM-BOT : I 'm not done vomiting ! I can 't stand it ! - Okay ! You can have my hand . - Wonderful ! Just sign here . Calculon , old friend , I 'm afraid I need your ears . Well , I do owe you for giving me this unholy acting talent ! [ ORCHESTRA TUNING ] I can hear ! I can hear like a safecracker ! - Hey , aren 't you gonna take my hand ? - In good time . You go enjoy the opera . To win Leela ' s heart With the holophonor 's art I need hands Of transcendental quickness Well , I don ' t see any danger ln gambling with a stranger For my head is Of a most amazing thickness [ LAUGHING ] [ GROWLS ] I 'm stupid , I 'm stupid I 'm stupider than you I 'm stupider than you ln every way Stupider ? This opera 's as lousy as it is brilliant ! Your lyrics lack subtlety . You can 't just have your characters announce how they feel . - That makes me feel angry ! - Look , what do you want ? I want my hands back [ CHUCKLING ] Never ! A deal 's a deal Even with a dirty dealer Very well , then I 'll take What I want from Leela Whoa ! Leela has promised me her hand Fry , you do not understand I should have revealed I 'd been deafened by Bender The shame , the shame But I feared you 'd stop writing This musical splendor Deception ' s the curse Of my whimsical gender He gave me mechanical ears Effective , though just a bit garish In return , without shedding a tear I agreed that I 'd give him my hand In marriage - Huh ? - What ? You 'll give me your hand in marriage Is this really happening Orjust being staged ? - It can ' t be real - Not if Leela is engaged That isn ' t what I meant That isn ' t what I signed You should have checked The wording in the fine Print - " I 'll give you my hand ... . " - In marriage " The use of words expressing something Other than their literal intention " Now that is irony I will marry her now And confine her to hell How droll , how droll Where Styx is a river And notjust a band Though they 'll play our reception lf all goes as planned Unless , Fry , you surrender My hands Destiny has cheated me By forcing me to decide upon The woman that I idolize Or the hands of an automaton Without these hands I can ' t complete The opera that was captivating her But if I keep them And she marries him Then he probably won ' t Want me dating her [ CHEERING ] Bravo ! Encore ! I can ' t believe the devil ls so unforgiving I can ' t believe Everybody 's just ad-libbing By the power vested in me By the state of New New York No ! Stop ! Take my hands ! You evil , metal dork [ CHUCKLING ] [ GASPS ] Surgery in an opera ? How wonderfully decadent ! And just as I was beginning to lose interest . Jombee , the chocolate icing . Oh . Oh , my , yes . My hands ! My horrible human hands ! - And what did you do to my nails ? - I cleaned them . Now , if you 'll excuse me , it 's my poker night and I feel lucky . So it 's back to hell for me . Come on , Nixon ! [ WHISPERING ] Less reality , more fantasy ! Resume the opera ! But I can 't play anymore ! Yes , you can ! The beauty was in your heart , not your hands ! [ BOOING ] The music 's bad and you should feel bad ! Ah ! Oh ! Whoa ! Hey ! Whoa . Extra ! Extra ! Greatest opera of all time sucks ! I 'll take eight . LEELA : Please don 't stop playing , Fry . I wanna hear how it ends .
