 ( panting ) MAN : Stop right there ! - Freeze . - Freeze ! Put your hands in the air ! I need to tell the President something . I need to tell ... I need to tell the President something . GUARD : Get down on the ground . I need to see the President . He needs to know . Look , he needs to know . Aliens- - Aliens- - they 're taking over the United States . - He needs to know . - GUARD 1 : He 's got a weapon . Get the weapon ! Get the weapon ! He 's shot . He shot himself . Damn it . Stupid son of a bitch . What was he thinking ? - MAN : Get a medic ! - MAN # 2 : Get a medic ! Please , the President ... ( screaming ) ( screaming ) Mulder , are you okay ? Yeah . For a guy who was , uh ... in a coffiin not too long ago I think I 'm doing pretty damn good . I don 't quite have my legs under me ... yet . Well , you might want to consider sitting down when you hear what we have to tell you . Uh-oh . Now , it 's , uh ... it 's good news . It 's ... it 's miraculous news . I can 't possibly exaggerate the inconceivability of you sitting here . Let 's be honest ... your condition may be more incredible than your recovery . Whatever neurological disorder you were suffering from it 's no longer detectable . After a course of transfusions and antivirals it has rid your body of the virus that was invading it . The scars on your face on your hands , on your feet , on your chest they , they seem to be repairing themselves . Mulder , you are in perfect health . Wow . How do you feel Agent Mulder ? Like Austin Powers . ( chuckles ) Must feel good to be home . Something looks different . - It 's clean . - ( chuckles ) Ah ... that 's it . Missing Molly . Yeah . She wasn 't as lucky as you . Mulder ... I don 't know if you 'll ever understand what it was like . First learning of your abduction ... and then searching for you and fiinding you dead . And now to have you back and , uh ... Well , you act like you 're surprised . ( chuckles ) I prayed a lot . And my prayers have been answered . In more ways than one . Yeah . I 'm happy for you . I think I know ... how much that means to you . - Mulder- - - I 'm sorry . I don 't mean to be cold or ungrateful . I just ... I have no idea where I flit in . Right now . I just , uh ... I 'm having a little trouble ... processing ... everything . It 's Marion the Librarian , boys . I got the new Harry Potter . ( laughing ) Our Lord and Savior . For you . I 've got my books . Expand your horizons . I know all I need to know . Want to bet ? Put a rise in your Levi 's . REPORTER : Again , our top story is the death of a man REPORTER : Again , our top story is the death of a man who jumped the fence at the White House last evening his name now released . Howard Salt , a federal employee working on the U.S. Census got as far as the White House front door yesterday where he was stopped by security and shot accidentally by his own gun . According to a Secret Service spokesman Salt appeared to be irrational and resisted arrest shouting unspecifiied grievances against the U.S. Government and demanding to speak with the President . Coworkers describe him as likable and hardworking . We never see them coming . People are so rarely what they seem . Gentlemen please , sit down . An application was submitted to me this morning by Agent Scully on behalf of our old friend , Fox Mulder , for reinstatement . I assume you both know about this . - Reinstatement ? - To the X-Files . I thought Mulder just went home . Well , somebody 's very anxious for him to get back to work . I wanted you both to see this before I deny the application . What is it ? It 's a review of the success rate of your X-Files since Agent Doggett joined the team . - Damn impressive , John . - Impressive , sir ? The only thing impressive about my work on the X-Files is that I even know what 's going on half the time . From this report , you and Agent Scully have had more arrests on percentage than she and Mulder over seven years . - Take a look . - That 's not very fair to Agent Mulder . So many of his cases involve ... Aliens ? There lies the problem . The F.B.I. isn 't a place for personal crusades . I 'm asking you both to make that understood on my behalf . Well , you can 't ask me to tell Mulder he 's off the X-Files . It 's his unit . He created it . I 'm not asking you , John . You sent me to fiind Mulder . I found him . Don 't charge me with driving a stake through his heart . Maybe you 'd rather I close the X-Files . Then we 'd both be getting what we want . Let 's go , Agent Doggett . Now . Kersh wants to put me behind a desk ? That is not what Kersh wants . No , I think Kersh wants you to quit , Mulder . It 's more than that . He wants to punish you , to hurt you . And you by putting you in this position . And Agent Scully , for not giving up on me . Truth is , this is a bullet that was fiired about eight years ago . It 's a magic bullet that 's been going round and round and right now it seems poised to hit me right in the back of the head . I think the question is , are we going to sit here and let this happen ? Scully , you 're going to give birth in a couple months . You can talk as tough as you like but you know and I know and they know that in a little while you 're going to have more important things than whether or not the X-Files remains open . They 're not closing the X-Files . Kersh aims to keep them open withAgent Doggett running them . Agent who ? I 've had a partner for the last several months . He was assigned to help me fiind you . Mission accomplished . Does he know what he 's doing at all , this guy ? About the paranormal ? Not much . I see . Then maybe the question is not who fiired this magic bullet but whether or not it was a lone gunman . Agent Doggett is above reproach , Mulder . He 's being maneuvered just like you . Well , good . At least he 's maneuverable . Where are you going ? Going to get dressed . For the fiirst time I feel like getting back to work . - ( horn honking ) - Wrap it up and fall in . GUARD : Stay in line . Let 's go . - Get back in line- - - Hey , you ! ( yelling ) ( cheering ) Go get that son of a bitch . Nobody move ! Stand down ! ( train horn blowing ) ( gun cocks ) Get over here . Over here now . Come on , sit down . Hands behind your back . Head down . Down between your legs . Absalom . That 's your name , right ? What are you looking at ? The back of your neck . Sit up , Agent Doggett . I had to make sure . - Make sure of what ? - Make sure that you 're still you . Yeah , I 'm still me . So why don 't you put that weapon down ? You see this ? Huh , do you see it ? " " Man shot at the White House . " They killed him for what he knew . - Then they 'll kill me , too . - Not if you put the weapon down . No . They 'll kill me anyway . I got one chance here . With you . Sit down . Didn 't I tell you to sit down ? - I 'm not going anywhere . - You 're going with me . And I 'm going to show you and you are going to spread the word . Doubting Thomas is going to spread the word . What word ? The invasion has begun . What invasion ? - They 're already here . - Who 's already here ? Certain men have gone out among you and have withdrawn the inhabitants of their city saying , " " Let us go , and serve other gods that ye have not known . " I don 't know what that means . I open my mouth ... in parables . I utter things that ... have been kept secret from the world . ( telephone ringing ) On your knees , John Doggett . SKINNER : He goes by the name Absalom . Aself-styled prophet Agent Scully and I apprehended in Montana where he commanded members of a small UFO cult . ( line ringing ) These words were found on the wall of his cell after he escaped from a work detail 40 miles from the state prison . Now , we don 't know they mean butAbsalom claimed to have knowledge of an alien invasion . There were also claims of healings of numerous abductees that had been subjected to alien torture . ( snickering ) Claims that have never been substantiated ... or refuted . But evidence of torture was real . Now , the only way we 're going to get answers is to bring this guy in . Just know the man that you 're looking for is dangerous . He 's a felon , and he is capable of physical violence . All right , that 's it . - Where the hell is Agent Doggett ? - I can 't reach him . I can 't run this thing , Agent Scully . This is obviously an X-Files case . I know . And I 'm all over it . I will fiind him . ( telephone ringing ) I don 't know if this is going to make you feel any better . Hey . - Mulder ... - Who says you can 't go home again ? - What are you doing here ? - What 's it look like ? It looks like you want to give them real ammunition to use on you - that 's what it looks like . - Hey , I am just down here visiting my buds . Where is this Agent Doggett anyway ? What kind of hours does he keep ? - Please , you do not want to stir that up right now . - Why ? Because we have a manhunt in progress and I wantAgent Doggett running it . Anything to do with this ? This Absalom abductee class picture ? Yes ... it does . - Why ? - Because I noticed that the man who was shot on The White House lawn is one of the men in that photograph . Top right hand corner . In profiile . Howard Salt , if I 'm not mistaken . He 's right . You 're right . Consider that a freebie . The next one 's going to cost you . - Why ? What else do you know ? - Oh , I don 't know anything . But you know me , I got a real big hunch . This Howard Salt was a multiple alien abductee worked for the U.S. Census Bureau . Wanted to get word to the President unspecifiied grievances . What do you want to bet those grievances were ? - You think he knew something ? - I think they killed him for it . The man jumped the White House fence . He had a gun . Once again , I 'm a betting man . I 'm betting he had more than that . Mulder , you make it sound like this was a conspiracy . Ooh . There 's that word again . You 're being paranoid , Mulder . Even for you . Do you want to hear something really paranoid ? The F.B.I. gets its way , there 's going to be nobody down here to ask the paranoid questions . Nobody to fiind those faces in those photographs . Surely not this Agent Doggett . Just what do you have in mind if you don 't mind my asking ? It 's my head that 's going to get blown off if there 's a screw up . We 're going to get what that man at the White House died for . - ( cocks ) - To get it ? - To get it where ? - You just concentrate on not screwing up , Agent Doggett . ( gun chamber clicks ) Either way , you and I are going to become overnight sensations . Either way , you and I are going to become overnight sensations . Mulder , I know you know this but if anything leaves this room - you could be in violation of the law . - Really ? When I was dead I was hoping maybe they changed the rules . Mulder , just being here could be used by Kersh as cause for dismissal . Then why don 't you shut the door so he doesn 't fiind out . I just don 't know what you 're hoping to fiind in Salt 's personal effects . Neither do I , really . But maybe it 's like Howard Salt 's picture I 'll know it when I see it . So you 'll risk the consequences even though there may be nothing here ? You don 't get it , do you , Scully ? The man shot at the White House , the prison escapee there 's something bubbling to the surface here . I want to know what it is . Mulder , you 've been through an ordeal that defiles all logical explanation . How can you think that these two men have the answers when they defy all standard of credibility ? Since when has an X-File not defiled a certain standard of credibility ? At least that 's the way it used to work . Look , Scully , I need to make sense of what happened to me . So that I can stop it . Because if I can 't stop it , it could happen to anyone . It could happen to you . And who 's to say it 's going to stop there ? Mulder , if you go down the X-Files will go down , too . Theoretically , they could put you in prison for what you 're doing here . Yeah , well , compared to where I just was prison would be a Princess Cruise . Ho . Hey . What the hell is this ? The entire hard drive is taken up with this . Ten gigabytes of memory . - It 's been encrypted . - Mm . What are you doing ? I 'm going to book myself on that Princess Cruise . I 'll book it for you . State your name and your business . Special Agent John Doggett , F.B.I. ( buzzer ) ( beeping ) I hope you know I got no idea where I 'm going down here . I just need access to wherever they compile all the available data - from the current U.S. Census . - And then what ? Then you pick up the phone you tell the F.B.I. why you aren 't coming to work until somebody pays us some serious attention . Just so you 're not surprised we might not make it that far . We passed through an X-ray scanner on the way in here back at the gate . Well , you better hope we make it . I 'd hate to see you die in vain . That 's sort of in your hands , huh ? So just in case how about you tell me what 's in this facility that 's worth me dying for . - It 's all in the Census data . Proof . - What ? That they 're already here . That they 're already among us . It 's all in there . I got a loaded gun pointed at this man 's head ! He 's an F.B.I. agent ! - Listen to him ! Just back off ! . - I 'll pull the trigger ! - Listen to the man ! Back off ! . - I 'll pull it . Lower your weapons ! Listen to him ! SKINNER : It may not be the best way but it 's certainly one way to catch an escaped convict . I 'll give you that , Agent Doggett . I 'd just as soon stick to the old-fashioned way , sir . Shot was a little too close for comfort . You say this man claimed the U.S. Census Bureau had data information that he was after that connects to this man who was shot on the White House lawn ? Proof , he said , that they were here among us whoever they are . - ( door opens ) - Sir . - Agent Mulder . - Is this John Doggett ? You Agent Doggett ? I hope you 're not commending him as a hero for what he did , because he is not . I 'm not about to referee a boxing match . - Just what 's the problem here ? - The problem ? You occupy an offiice that used to be ... devoted to fiinding the truth and now you 're busy burying it , that 's the problem . Whoa , you must 've got your wires crossed somewhere , Agent Mulder . - You got that man killed . - I got him killed ? Because of what he knew . What he was going to expose . - You see this , Agent Mulder ? - I see you sitting there , Agent Doggett . That 's good enough for me . You 've got to understand what he 's been through . I mean , now he 's back and you 're ... You know , it 's really not fair . You 've been dead for six months and you still look better than me . - But not by much . - ( chuckling ) Melvin . I 'd be a whole lot happier to see you if you 'd just take your hands off my ass . Sorry . I think it goes without saying that we 're all , uh , tremendously relieved . And not just because we got big questions about your involvement in a certain blessed event . So much for playing a hunch , Mulder . The , uh , Gunmen were able to decrypt the data that you found on Howard Salt 's hard drive . It was a series of fille directories that were downloaded the day that he died . - Downloaded from where ? - The F.S.C. , the Federal Statistics Center . A government information bank used by the U.S. Census Bureau where your Mr. H. Salt worked . All right , what are you waiting for , boys ? Get cracking . Unless you think we 're all idiots it 's only Langly who 's the idiot . LANGL Y : Don 't make like it 's my hacking skills . I 've never seen such a radical counterdefensive . Fifteen minutes after Howard Salt was shot at the White House , fiirewalls went up on every data bank at that very facility . Well , why do that ? Because I 'm right . Because they would kill to protect what 's in those filles . Unless you got a password we don 't see any way short of that of getting ahold of this data . And the thing is even if you have a pass code you still have to break into the F.S.C.just to use it . We all agree , you 're going to have to let this one go . Oh . I see . Somebody 's been doing a little campaigning for her cause . Well , just remember , boys , this is America . Just because you get more votes doesn 't mean you win . ( sniffles , sighs ) Your name came up today , John . Folks are all worked up . They say you dodged a bullet . You can 't dodge what you don 't see coming , Knowle , that 's for sure . That should tell you something about who you 're dealing with . Who am I dealing with ? NSA ? Secret Service ? Military ? Who ? You know better than that , John . They shot the man in cold blood . Didn 't even stop to ask him his name . The way I hear it he made it too easy . Taking a federal agent hostage in a government facility . They 'd have shot him anyway . - Without a doubt . - Why ? You and I have been friends a long time , John . I tell you things . But this is a whole other level . Don 't give me that doublespeak crap , Knowle . I 'm being accused . - Accused ? Of what ? - Of being used to get that man killed . - Well , that 's insane . - Oh , is it ? Maybe I am being used , and I just don 't know it . That 's what I want to know from you . Can 't tell you that , John . But I can tell you something . One thing you already know . These men are very good shots . What don 't I know ? Three words . ( horn honks ) Hold up ! Agent Doggett ? - Yeah . - Could you wait a minute ? Agent Scully , I 'm sorry to surprise you . I don 't mean to . What are you doing here at this hour ? You 're freezing cold . I got something for Agent Mulder only I can 't go up there . I don 't know him , and I know he doesn 't trust me so I 'm going to ask you to get it to him . What do you have to give him ? Information about this escaped convict who took me hostage . One of his disciples was the man shot on the White House lawn . Oh , yeah , Agent Mulder knows that already . What he doesn 't know is that man had a computer diskette that he was trying to get to the President . - Who gave you this information ? - I can 't tell you that but what I can tell you is is this diskette was labeled with a pass code . You have this , this password ? It 's three words : " " Fight the future . " Scully , what are you doing back ? Did something just happen ? I 'm , um ... I 'm not exactly sure I should tell you , Mulder . Scully , if you know something that can get us moving forward again , you need to tell me . ( pounding on door ) - Yeah , who is it ? - It 's Skinner . Open up , Agent Doggett . - What are you doing here ? - I got a call from Agent Scully . - She 's at her apartment , completely beside herself . - Over what ? Mulder somehow got hold of a computer password - to a database fiilled with secrets . - What kind of secrets ? Names of people the federal government is tracking using the U.S. Census . Names of people who have a certain genetic profiile . The same information he believes the shooter at the White House knew about . - Also the guy that took you hostage . - You said Scully was upset . That Mulder was going to act on this information in some way that ... What ? - You know about this ? - I gave Scully the password . - Where did you get it ? - I can 't tell you that . You know , I 'm starting to wonder about you , too , John . Just whose side you are working on here . I 'm starting to wonder about that myself . You said Scully 's at her apartment . What 's the number there ? That 's why I 'm here . I can 't get ahold of them- - either one of them- - and I have no idea where they went . - Where are you going ? - I can 't tell you that , either . If I open up my mouth , I put you at risk . You 're going to have to trust me on this . ( sighs ) Oh , man . ( knocking ) - What are you doing here ? - Where 's Agent Mulder ? He wouldn 't listen to me . Get out of here . Get going . - I can 't do that to him . - Then do it for yourself . Look , I think I may have set you up . - What ? - You just get out of here now - and I 'll explain it to you later . - No . You explain it to me now . Set us up how , and with whom ? The same men that shoot fiirst and ask questions later . Agent Doggett ! Frohike ? Langly ? Byers ? Let 's go . I 'm dying out here . Well , let us just fiinish our cappuccino and biscotti , and we 'll see what we can do . BYERS : You can start walking now , Mulder . - Is the system bypassed ? - You 'll know if it 's not . Great . FROHIKE : Smile , buddy boy . The eye in the sky is watching . We 're gonna be watching Mulder get busted if I don 't fiind the override circuit . BYERS : Everything 's under control , Mulder.Just hold tight . LANGLY : Okay , got it ! ( beeps ) And voila ! Come on , guys . I 'm on autopilot here . BYERS : Go left , Mulder . There should be a pair of glass doors about a hundred yards up . According to our information , those doors will lead you straight into the data bank . Hey , who 's working on the locks , fellas ? Stand by . There you go . LANGL Y : There ought to be two work stations in the middle of the room . Either one will give you access to the data . Let 's do some E-mailing . Agent Mulder , get out of there ! ( pounding ) - Agent Mulder ! - ( knocking ) Mulder ? What the hell 's that ? Your life 's in danger if you don 't get out now . Just a fly buzzing around the window . ( groaning ) Agent Mulder , get out . You 're coming with me . I 'm here to save you , whatever you may think . I think you 're trying to keep this information from ever seeing the light of day , just like you did once before , Agent Doggett , that 's what I think . Agent Mulder , I don 't even know what that information is . You 're about to , along with a lot of other people . There going to learn that they 've been targeted because of their genetic profiiles for abduction and replacement by alien facsimiles . What do you say we start off with The Washington Post , huh ? You can believe whatever you want , but that information is never going to make it out . What are you going to do , shoot me ? ( phone ringing ) ALL : Hello . - Something 's wrong . - What are you talking about ? I think we 've been set up . You have to get Mulder out of there . Right now that 's basically impossible . Uh-oh . Mulder ? - You 'd better start typing fast . - Why ? The cavalry just arrived . You son of a bitch . You set me up . No . - Get him out of there , Gunmen . - LANGLY : We 're working on it . - Come on , Agent Mulder . - Hey , get off of me . If I set you up , I wouldn 't be here trying to convince you to go . They 're coming to kill you . They 're going to kill me , too . That 's the set up . LANGL Y : Mulder , I think you better listen to the man . They got the data trapped and I can 't get it uploaded let alone start transmission . - What is happening , Byers ? - I 'm trying to fiigure that out . - Mulder , are you there ? - Yeah , I 'm here . It 's look like there 's really , uh , no good way out of there . Uh ... Except ... Except what ? It 's a long shot , but , uh , worth a try especially given the alternative . Here 's what you do . You 've got two minutes , Knowle . Two minutes to give me one good reason why I shouldn 't put your name in lights . Why I shouldn 't expose you for the lying bastard you are . Hey , John , nice knowing you . You see that man across the park ? You walk , that man puts your name on all the wrong desks . I get it , John . You asked me for information , I tell you what I can . What you do with it is out of my hands . You knew what I would do with it . That 's why you gave it to me . You expose me and then what ? Where are you going to get your answers ? 'Cause you 're standing on the tip of the iceberg , my friend . - You 're full of crap . - Am I ? What is it you think those men were trying to protect ? Census data ? You need me worse than you know . I don 't need someone using me to get another man killed . You think this is about Mulder ? It 's about the truth , John . What truth ? You got it all right in front of you . It 's all in the X-Files . I 'm just one man trying to point you in the right direction . [ Child ] I made this . [ Child ] I made this .
