 It looks like we heave quite a bit of ground to cover . Where would you like to start ? Oh , I know this routine . You 'll come in here every day and ask a lot of touchy-feely questions . Then , one day , I blow this inhibitor and fry the synapses in your cerebral cortex . Then I get a new improved inhibitor and a new shrink and he asks me where I 'd like to start . I 've been assured by the finest technicians that this inhibitor is fail-safe . Now , I can 't help you ... .. unless you help me . It 's just that ... .. i feel so inhibited . - We 're here to relieve you . - But our shift isn 't over yet . It is now . OK . What 's in the loony bin - the Betrayers would want ? - Raina . Why don 't we just let them take her ? I 'm not motivated to save a psycho who wanted us to kill each other . We 're not saving Raina . We 're just keeping her from the Bailies . Wait ! We still have 15 minutes . Thank you . I 'll take it from here . You 're coming with us . I don 't think so . Are these things indestructible ? Aim for the groin ! - Does that work ? - No , it just makes me feel better ! Engage hypershield . Er ... whoops . Bailey Central has some new orders . Your mission has been compromised by your partner . It 's time to initiate protocol . Let 's see . There it is , 27 beta . Termination ! She just ... Used telepathy to get them to kill each other ? Yeah . 500 years into the future , she will enter a world where machines rule the Earth . Mankind has been driven underground . And Cleopatra is about to discover there 's no place like home . ln the year 2525 There are women with the will to survive Fighting for a brand-new day Nothing 's gonna get in their way And in the year 2525 Three women keep hope alive Joining forces to reclaim the Earth Looking ahead to humankind 's rebirth - I guess we know why the Bailies wanted her . - We do ? If they can incorporate Raina 's mental ability into their next model , - they 'll be unstoppable . - Oh . Too bad we can 't use her against the Bailies , like in the movie Scanners . - Maybe we can use her . - If we can harness that energy and use it against them , it 'd be a major turning point . What are we going to do ? Run up to a Bailey and try to control its mind ? If she can control a Betrayer , she could control a Bailey . Raina 's just going to go for this ? Megalomaniacs like to manipulate . The Voice is right , Hel . I do want to prove my superiority over the Bailies . - She can hear the Voice ? - By reading your thoughts , even with the inhibitorin place . Oh , yes . They long since gave up on the idea of controlling incoming . It 's just my ability to be able to project thoughts they succeeded in inhibiting . By the way , Voice , you , of all people , calling someone a megalomaniac ! You 're just jealous that I can get inside people 's heads without the aid of a transmitter . Are we doing this or what ? Twisted ! Hel can you hear me ? He-el ! What was that ? A nanothermite incendiary . Volatile , if stimulated by the proper frequency . Voice had me prepare it when we thought you 'd visit . Should you ... Put Hel or Sarge in jeopardy , based on what you see through the invisible camera drone following them , you can terminate remotely . You see ? I can read your mind , too , Mauser . I wantCleopatra on that termination switch . Cleopatra ? It 's essential she be the one , Hel . You 'll understand why . Cleo , you 're on the switch that kills Raina . - What ? Voice 's orders . I 've tracked a solo Baileyin this area . Try to get to high ground . When you turn your jammers off , it 'll find you very quickly , so be ready - Let 's go . - Move it . I 'm seeing everything loud and clear You know what I mean ? Hey , why don 't you have one ? The feed 's going directly into my data bank . I see what you see . I was thinking , maybe you should be in charge of the switch . Cleopatra . Oh , come on . You handle the bomb thing and I 'll make us lunch , OK ? What flavour smoothie do you want ? Contrary to my opinion , Voice believes you are more qualified than I to make the right decision when the time comes . You can extend the range , if you recalibrate the EM receptors to max out at a lower frequency . - How would you know that ? I thought all team leaders knew that . You 're a team leader ? Voice didn 't tell you . - Voice ? Yes she was a team leader . Have you started experimenting on her brain yet , Voice ? Exactly . My psychic powers are a direct result from the experiments that Voice did on me . That was a long time ago . I learned that those kind of experiments are wrong . A little late for me , I guess . I 'm getting a reading . - We 'll have company in about two minutes . Let 's move ! There ! Ohh . Even look at me funny ... boom . You 're a big specimen , aren 't you ? No need to get testy . I 'm just here to talk . You 're not afraid of little ol ' me , are you ? Use your sensors . I 'm unarmed . I 'm not a threat to you . That 's it . We 're all friends here . Sarge , this isn 't working . You 're such an easy mark . You gotta do something about it The Bailey 's hanging there , focused on Raina . You can hit it with a lot of fire power . Who knows ? Maybe you can bring it down by yourself . What the hell ... ? - I 'm taking this baby down ! - Put your shields on now ! - You want a piece of me ? Come on ! - That 's it , Sarge ! She 's making Sarge go crazy . Urhh ! Ahh ! Ahh ! She 's going to get them killed . She 's messing with your mind ! Put on your shield ! Come on ! Damn . What are you doing ? Look . Stand down . They are too strong . Bring back your leader to handle the situation . Thanks , Mauser . I told you I wasn 't cut out for this . I almost wasted her when I didn 't have to . God ! How did you know she was gonna do that ? I saw that she had redirected her attention from Sarge to the Bailey . Good eye . - - I hate it when you do that . Am I such an easy target for paranoid delusions ? It wasn 't a challenge . That 's it . It 's a very nice little experiment , but we 're not taking that thing off of you again . She 's not to be trusted . If I wanted you dead , I could have accomplished that - with a Bailey at my command . - Then what was all that about ? I had to test my power . I was able to call a Bailey off someone who 'd attacked it . Impressed ? So , she can control a Bailey . I didn 't control it . I communicated with it . Now it 's hopped on back to Bailey Central and it 's sending a leader to meet with us . - Meet ? - They want to talk . She 's got another think coming , if she thinks Hel and Voice will buy that garbage . Voice is advising Hel to trust her . - No way . - Yes . Voice , we 're supposed to trust this lunatic ? Voice , this maybe your only chance to have peace in your lifetime . You have to take the chance . Do we have a choice ? She may be the key to ending the Bailey War . What if the entire thing was some horrible inability to communicate and she is the one who can end it ? Here it comes . This brings back some real bad memories . Sarge isn 't gonna let anyone talk her into trusting the Bailies . You 're not going to do anything crazy , are you , Sarge ? Sarge , remember when you were a child and the Bailies were a symbol of peace and hope ? Maybe there 's some truth in that . Maybe you should try believing in them once more . No . We have to give peace a chance . What the ... ? Sarge sounds like my hippy Uncle Wally . Mauser , Cleopatra 'sbeing foolish . Settle herdown . They know what they 're doing . They 've been on countless missions before . Give into it , Hel . All the pain and suffering was worth it . Peace is at hand . - I 'm feeling very optimistic about all this . - Mm , me , too . They don 't sound like Hel and Sarge . Let 's not panic when we 're this close to a peace offer . A peace offer ? They 're just getting in close for a good shot . Welcome . I think you know who I am . You sent a couple of your goons to find me . I 'm here to make a deal . I guess that means you 're interested . Oh , my God ! She 's communicating with the Bailey and she still has the inhibitor on . It isn 't working . I bet she 's practising mind control on Hel and Sarge . Raina has already told us she can receive incoming thoughts . Tell Cleo to relax . Voice says , " Relax . " Then Raina must be influencing Voice 's thinking through Hel . Oh , stop it , Cleo . Is this a plot from one of those movies you 're always talking about ? Well , yes , actually , but that 's not important now . Raina is influencing the thinking of Hel , Sarge and now Voice . - I 'm going to throw the switch . - No , Cleopatra . - Mauser ! - I hate to bind you like this , but until your panic is over , I 'm afraid it 's a necessity . Mauser ! Where are you going ? We want the same thing . The end of Voice and her rebellion . We should join forces . So , do we have a deal ? I 'll take that as a " yes " You see that ? Everything went well . Don 't you see ? Right from the beginning , she was influencing our thoughts . She must have disabled the inhibitor back at the loony bin . Was it her idea to put a bomb inside her body ? You yourself said that Voice ordered that prepared before we even had Raina in ourpossession . You surprised her , remember ? You 're being ridiculous . Mauser , she 's influencing you , too , through Voice . She 's got some psychic , domino-effect thing going on . Come on , man ! Not so fast We have some unfinished business . It 's coming back . This is bad . I gotta hit that switch . Bump and grind , don 't fail me now . Shields ! Urrh . Uhh . Uhh . Uhh ! No-o ! Raina was doing it to us again , wasn 't she ? Uh-huh . I hate it when she does that . Uh-huh . - Cleo . - Mm ? Is something bothering you ? Yeah . I need to ask Voice a question . I 'm all ears . - Shoot . When she assigned me to the switch , was that Voice or was Raina influencing her thinking then ? Because ... I mean , if it was Raina , she got inside my head and decided that I would screw it up . But you didn 't . I know , but ... Just the idea of her going in there and thinking that nobody was home ... I mean , it ... It 's all really bad for a girl 's self-esteem . It was my idea , as far as I can tell . I knew Raina could get to Mauser and me through you , but not to Cleo back at the lab . I felt Cleopatra was ready . It was all Voice . She did it because she believes in you . That 's very sweet , Hel . What ? You just made that all up just to make me feel better . - That is one strange gal . - No argument . Next week : 111 Double
