 Previously on The 4400 ... RYLAND : All right , listen up , everyone . We 're at DEFCON One . SKOURIS : A comet cannot change course . RYLAND : This one has . SKOURIS Then it 's not a comet . REPORTER : We 're not sure what 's just happened . The light is gone and thousands of people have just suddenly appeared ... SKOURIS : A lekinetic insurance salesman , a clairvoyant eight-year old , and now some kind of sad sack super vigilante . They can 't hurt me . No one can . And those are only the ones we know about . Unless you can think of anyone else . There 's nothing to tell . DANNY : I just want to know what 's going on between you two . Yore my brother . She 's your girlfriend . It 's all good . No . Wee not actually a couple . So , it 's just you and the baby ? No . It 'll be the three of us . What the hell did you do to Kyle ? I didn 't do anythingo him ! Then can I go home ? Home ? With you . I don 't like being here alone . You don 't like being alon either . They said draining the fluid might not be enough- - That more might build up , and if it does ... then Kyle will suffer permanent brain damage . MAN : The time I lost is gone . ll never get it back . But my years in the dark didn 't kill me and my work remains . And even though I might not understand what 's happening to me , I have faith in the final outcome . After all ... I 'm doing what I was intended to do , becoming what I was meant to be . I look forward to corresponding with you again . I know it 's been a long time . I tell you this as a courtesy . You can observe my work , but there 's no point in ting to interfere with it . I 'm now in full command of my talents . I hope the world is ready . Despite nationwide protests , Homeland Security reses to divulge the names or the whereabouts of the 4400 living here in the United States . Confirmed reports of unusual abilities have the public panicked , and yet this man sitting beside me says we have nothing to worry about . I 'm sure most of you still recognize him , even though he 's been away for the past 28 months . I 'm talking about Mr. Jordan Collier , who recently breached the government 's wall of silence and chose to out himself as one of the notorious 4,400 . Jordan ... why ? Why now , why here ? What 's your agenda ? I have no agenda . But someone had to put a human face on the 4,400 . We have been demonized enough by people like you . Well , if you 're implying this is a witch hunt , I disagree . You 're not the one being burned at the stake . Breakfast is ready . Shouldn 't I be saying that to you ? ( mutes audio ) Maia , thank you very much . This beats a can of Coke and slice of cold pizza . And I promise , I will get better at being the grownup in this relationship . It 's okay . I like bei the grownup . You know , I think you 're going to have a good time with Mrs. Banky 'cause I hear she 's a very cool baby-sitter . Oh , and I talked to Mr. Ryland about getting permission to get you enrolled in school because that would be nice , right ? Yeah . School might be fun . Diana ... you 're not going to like what 's in there . Oliver Knox disappeared August 22 , 1983 , five nights after the last of the eight bodies turned up And he moved back to Friday Harbor when ? About three weeks ago . 19 days before the latest body turned up . You know , it could be coincidence . And the letter the guy sent appears genuine , but this latest victim wasn 't a prostitute . The eight original ones were . Coincidence . That 's the kind of positive thinking we like to encourage in this department . Because if it is Knox , then it means we 've got a 4400 serial killer on our hands , and if that 's not a worst-case scenario , it 'll sure as hell do for one . It 's the kind of hot button issue that Barbara Yates lives for . So I guess wre taking a trip up to Friday Harbor . Bring me back a T-shirt . Alex ... OFFICER : National Threat Assessment Command- - NTAC . Are you here about Knox ? Got it in one . It 's a small town . Oliver reappeared after 21 years in the wind and he dsn 't look a day older . We connected the dots . So you two going to take over my investigation ? Let 's just say we 'll be cooperating wi your department until we 've established Knox 's guilt or innocence . I could use some fresh air ... and some cooperation . His alibi 's airtight . TOM : Alibi or not , we 're still going to want to talk to him . Anything else you can tell us ? You want to know about Knox ? When he was 15 , he was bow hunting with his cousin . There was an accident . Knox ended up with an arrow in his chest . ff His cousin panicked and ran . Knox woke up lying in a pool of blood with this arrow sticking out of his chest . So I me guess . He pulled it out , and he cauterized the wound ? Even better . He stood up and walked four miles into town . Strolled into the emergency room and checked himself in at the front desk . All this with an arrow in his chest . Years later , I asked him if it really happened that way . He said every word was true . I told him that must have been the walk from hell . " Not at all , " he said . " It was exhilarating . " He felt like he could have walked forever . That 's Oliver Knox . Captioning snsored by VIACOM PRODUCTIONS ( vocalist sings mysterious melody over pop beat ) * So long ago * * Another life * * I can feel your heartbeat * * It 's not a dream * * Remember us * * I can see it in your eyes * * We 'll find our place in time * * Our place in time beyond the sun * * We 'll find our place in time * * Our place in time to call our own * ( vocalist sings mysterious melody ) TOM : Mr. Knox ? Mr. Knox . We have a few questions to ask you about the death of Theresa Baron . Sheriff Conrad call you or did you jump to the same conclusion he did ? Not exactly a big jump . You were on the police roll out back in ' 83 . Along with a number of other people . Did you know Ms. Baron ? No . She was born after I was abducted . Look , I know how tempting the math is on this murder . I disappear in ' 83 , the killings stop . Here I am and the poor girl is dead . We noticed . And if were in your shoes , you know , I 'd probably want me to be guilty too . It would be so convenient . But I almost feel bad I can 't oblige you . I did not kill that woman . Listen , can I get you some water or something ? I mean , if we 're going to talk , we might as well be civilized about it , right ? No . No . We 've taken up enough of your time . Thanks . Conrad told me the story about how you got shot in the chest that day . Jim does love to talk . Would you like to see the arrow ? I have it inside . Th won 't be necessary . How 's Kyle ? We don 't know yet . Um , about last night . The kiss . That ... and other things . We 've kind of got a lot to talk about . No , we don 't . Shawn . You have a gift . Nikki . When did you get here ? How 's Kyle ? He 's still in intensive care , but Uncle Tommy says he 's stable . I guess whatever they 're doing to him this whole time worked . For now , anyway . Listen , I 'm starving . Yowant to come with us to the cafeteria ? Yeah , I 'll bring you a burrito . Why don 't you start with something easy . Tell me about your relationship with your parents . My parents ? They used to argue about money a lot . That was before they split up . They divorced ? Yeah , I was 14 . Do you remember how that made you feel ? Depressed . I don 't know . Angry , maybe . Why don 't you tell me about the rest of your family . They 're gone . I 've got a few cousins outside of Saint Lis who remember me as a picture in an old photo album . Well , my husband married another woman . My brother hates that I 'm back . What 's the point of this ? Look ... you want to help m Help me find a job . Tell me what to say when they ask me how old I am ... or about my work experience , or-or tell me how to explain that 50-year gap in my resume . Everyone says that the world has-has-has changed for the better , that people don 't judge you by the color of your skin . Well , let me tell you something : I 'm still being judged , and you 're sitng there asking me about my-my relationship with my parents ? Let 's talk about this hostility that you 're manifesting towards me . Danny , you wanted to see me ? Thanks , Peter . So , this is where you rk , huh ? Yeah . What 's up ? Uh , I wanted to talk to you about something , Uncle Tommy . Is this about Shawn ? How 'd you know ? ( sighs ) : I 'm listening . He , uh ... he had a fight at school a few weeks ago . He might 've killed the guy if I didn 't step in . What 'd he do to him ? Well , it sounds crazy , but ... I don 't know . It was like Shawn was draining the life out of him somehow ... and I 'm not the only one who saw it . What made you deci to tell me now ? Just thought yoshould know . ( birds chirping ) ( insects buzzing ) Beautiful , aren 't they ? I wonder if that 's where we were . What 's everybody doing here ? Whatre you doing here ? I don 't know . I wanted to see it- - where we came back . I figured it 'd be a good place to come and think , you know , clear my head . Most people come for the conversation . Well , there 's not a lot of that going on . Oh , give it time . Around 11 : 00 , this place becomes one big group therapy session . ( car approaching ) I 'm sorry to interrupt ... but I just had to see this myself . My name 's Jordan Collier . Some of you may recognize me , and if you do , you know I 'm one of the 4400 just like you . I 'm impressed that you found each other , and I 'm glad that you 've come in support of each other . And , uh ... I 'm cold , and I have to guess that you guys are cold , too so I want to suggest that we continue these get-togethers indoors . I have a place nearby . It 's warm , it 's spacious ... anI wanto invite all of you to meet me there next Thursday afternoon . You listen to the news . You read the paper . You hear the talk . Seems like the entire world is turning against us . Well , what are we going to do about it ? We going to give up ? We going to run and hide ? Maybe . Or maybe ... just maybe , we build a world of our own . This is the spot where we found Theresa Baron 's body . We went over everything pretty good . Yeah , well , we have the toys . We like to take ' em out of the box every once in a while . The killer posed her after she was dead , right ? There should 've been blood , handprints all over the place . It rained the day we found the body . The whole scene was washed clean . Yeah , but if he dragged her over here , he had to grab onto something . Tom . CONRAD : I 'll be damned . ( tires squealing ) His name is Philip Lopez . He did 18 years on an aggravated rape conviction . He was paroled six months ago . We just got confirmation . His prints were found at the scene of Theresa Baron 's murder . TOM : All right . Everyone set ? Go . Lopez ! ( grunting ) ( banging door ) Tom . The suicide note says he killed all nine women . He wrote that only his " time away " kept him from doing more . Do the dates make sense ? Lopez was up here working as seasonal labor during the first round of killings . Guess we owe Oliver Knox an apology . ( man whistling eee tune ) ( shutter clicking ) Excuse me . cal get a cranbey juice and seltzer ? And , uh ... give me another of what he 's having . Vengo subito . Vuolo giaccho con quello ? Excuse me ? Sorry , I , uh ... I 'm going to Florence in four days , and I didn 't want to seem like a tourist when I get there Oh . Ice ? Yeah , a little . I studd , uh , Italian in college . Really ? Tu sci bella ... come il tramanto di Duomo . " Beautiful as a sunset over Duomo . " That is very good . You get an A-plus . And yoget a free round . Grazie . Hey , Felicia , can I get a beer ? Ne a refill , friend ? Thanks . Listen , I , uh ... I know we don 't know each other , but I have something I want to show you . So , what 's her name ? I don 't know , but ... I can tell you something about her . ( whispering ( whistling eerie tune ) Hello ? I 'm so sorry I 'm late . Oh , hey , Iris . How did we do today ? I can 't come back here . What ? Why ? That child . I 'm sorry . You 'll find someone . I told her that we wouldn 't be seeing each other for a couple of weeks . Why ... why did you tell her that ? 'Cause she was going to be called for jury duty . She thought I was kidding . A few hours later , her husband called . And she got a summons for jury duty ? Wellhey , come here . It 's okay , all right ? It 's okay . ( monitor beeping ) What are you doing here so late ? Well , mom said he was getting worse . Thfluid 's building inside his skull again . Why did they take me d leave him like this ? We were both on the beach that night . I don 't understand . I wish I could remember something , 'cause I keep thinking ... think it would help . Tom said that you were here the night that Kyle had that jump in his brain activity . And he was getting better , and now he 's dying . Shawn , did you do something to him ? ( gasping ) Shawn , tell me . Just talk to me and tell me ... Aunt Linda , no , I didn 't do anything . Please ... I told Uncle Tommy , and I 'm telling you , oy ? I got to go . ( monitor beeping ) I wish we could talk to aoctor about it . And say what ? " My baby may be some kind of alien , and by the way , I know what it 's thinking " ? Yeah , all that 'll do is get me thrown right back into quarantine . I was there today to register our new address . Oh , thank you for doing that . I can 't stand going back there . I ran into Gary Branskul . He had the bed next to mine . He told me about some get-together Jordan Collier 's throwing . Hey , Jordan Collier . He 's the-the hotel guy . Yeah . Turns out he 's one of us . LILY : Yeah , we should go . ( giggling ) : Richard , come on . You can 't tell me teenagers didn 't make out in 1951 . Yeah , in a parked car by the lake . Ohin a parked car by the lake . That 's very cute . ( echoing , overlapping voices ) : Let me tell you something ... ( voices continue ) What the hell is wrong with you ? ! Are you crazy ? Get out of the road ! I killed them . I killed them all . I killed them all . Hands ... hands up . Keep your hands up . CONRAD : Her name was Gayle Keating . She worked at a local video store . They found her body in Frick Park this morning . Her blood was all over him . He spoke for five minutes straight when we first brought him in . Confessed to Gayle 's death and the other nine murders . Hasn 't said a word since . Philip Lopez killed Theresa Baron . He said so in his suicide note . We found her shirt in his apartment , his prints ... I know , but this morning , Charlie Staley confessed to the same murder . And they both claim to be behind the original round of killings ? Yeah , only Charlie 's 39 . He was five years old when the first death happened . And we can eliminate Lopez as a suspect in the original murders as well . How do you fure that ? checked Lopez 's prison records . He 's left-handed . According to the autopsy reports in the ' 80s , the Friday Harbor killer was right-handed . So , Lopez kills one girl , Staley kil the other , and neither one of them committed the original crimes ? Why would they confess to murders they cldn 't possibly have committed ? Pieces don 't quite fit together , do they ? Until you add Knox into the puzzle . He disappears , the killings stop . He came back , they started again . So , let 's say Knox is involved somehow . That means what , he 's ... he 's forcing these men to do his murders for him ? Could be . The question is how . I mean , why would he want more than one person to admit to the original crimes ? One confession , we might stop digging , but two- - it just gets our attention . Well , maybe he can 't control everything they do . What if Knox can force people to kill ? But only by convincing them that they really are the Friday Harbor killers . In for one murder , in for them all . ( Collier chuckling ) Good , good . Hi . Welcome . 1969 , huh ? Well , the good news is your bell bottoms are back in yle . ( chuckling ) Hi . So , there 's this one guy- - I was just talking to him- - and he was gone for 40 years , and he came back and picked everything up without missing a beat . And then there 's me . I 'm ne for three years , and I come back , and it 's like my whole life has fallen apart , everything 's different ... I kn . Shawn , look , the thing to remember is that most of us feel the same way you do . Well , some of us are more different than others , if you know what I mean . I 'm not sure I do . Okay , I had this fight with a guy at school , and I know it 's going to sound crazy ... ff I really can 't hear the specifics right now . Not yet , anyway . I have a lot of interviews over the next few weeks , and I have to be able to deny what I need to . Look , I , I know you 're feeling confused right now , and I can 't blame you . But it sounds to me like you 've been given a gift . That 's , uh , that 's what Nikki called it . Well , Nikki 's right , whoever she is . And about this gift- - don 't let scare you . You will find the right way to use it . Okay . Well , what can I do for you this afternoon ... ly , ' 93 ? Don 't worry , it 's not a line . Though I do have to say you 're the most attractive abductee I 've met all afternoon . I 'm Jordan Collier . I 'm throwing this rty . Oh . Nice to meet you . ( chuckling ) RICHARD : Here you go . Thank you . Do I detect a little romance brewing among the 4400 ? ( chuckling ) : You have a good eye . Well , I 'm just happy you two are getting something positive out of all this . You 're Jordan Collier ? Yes . See , he 's not afraid of me . I , I 'm a little lightheaded . It 's hot . Yeah , I should sit down . Uh , why don 't I find you a seat , huh ? I 'll get you some water . Thank you . Thank you . You want me to , uh , call a docto or ... ? No , m not sick . It 'll pass . Here you go . COLLIER : Well , that good . If you 're not sick , then what 's , uh ... ? RICHARD : It 's just morning sickness . You 're pregnant . Uh ... first trimester . Well , that explains it Congratulations to both of you . ( chuckling ) Did I say something wrong ? I-It 's a little more complicated than that . Richard 's not the father . I-I wasn 't pregnant when I was abducted , but I was when I got back . Strange , huh ? Well , interesting is more like it . Uh ... Kind of makes you wonder what the hell they have in mind- - whoever took us , I mean . You haven 't ld your counselor about this , have you ? We haven 't told anyone . Well , I 'd keep it that way for now . Look , how are you guys managing ? You have everything you need ? Yeah , everything except a job . I was a pilot in the Air Force . Supposed to be drawing a pension , but ... that hasn 't come through yet . I 've applied for flight instructor jobs . I even filed a application with Seattle P.D. But every time they find out I 'm one of the 4400 ... the job suddenly goes away . Well , look , I may have something you 'd be interested in . Doesn 't involve flying , but given ur background in the military , uh ... My foundation has an opening in the security department . Foundation ? For the 4400 . Anyway , if you 'renterested , why don 't you come by tomorrow and see me ? ( chuckling ) : I 'll be there . Good . The rash of violence involving the 4400 continues , with sources telling us tonight that Homeland Security is investigating a possible connection between the Friday Harbor murders and an undisclosed returnee . That hypocritical , self-righteous , irresponsible bitch . Oh , I-I take it he doesn 't like her show . He doesn 't like her . When we were with the FBI , she disclosed the name of a juror in a RICO prosecution . Judge declared a mistrial . Three years of work down the drain . You know , she blindsided me once . That is not going to happen again . ( phone ringing ) Tom Baldwin . Yeah , sure . I see . We 'll be there . That was Conrad . He got another letter . " I decide who lives and who dies . My judgment is final , and more verdicts are coming . " The date 's clipped from this morning 's paper . It couldn 't have been composed by Charlie Staley- - not from jail . You telling us this letter 's from the Friday Harbor killer ? It 's genuine . He describes wound patterns on the original victims . We kept that private . If you really believe Knox is involved in this , why the hell is he out there walking around ? Let 's pick him up right now . We can 't do that . The bottom line is we need to know exactly how he 's connected to these murders before we can bring him in . So , what do we do- - wait for another girl to turn up dead ? I think we can do better than that . That 's $ 27.75- - your change . Thank you . Who 's this ? Let me tell you something about her . Her name 's Felicia ( quietly ) : and she works over at the bar ... ( continues speaking quietly ) W or maybe a tax audit , lling but I didn 't think I 'd merit an invitation into the belly of the beast . Consider it a tribute to the size of your bully pulpit . I 'm flattered . Don 't be . DC is calling for your head . I want you to dial back on the 4400 . Not going to happen . I 'm a journalist ; I answer only to my viewers . Don 't you hide behind freedom of the press . What you do isn 't journalism ; it 's shouting " fire " in a crowded theater , and you 're going to stop before the stampede begins . ( quietly ) : Yeah . You have a really strong face . Seriously , Dennis , you should come on my show . You 're getting in the way of my job , Barbara . And if you 're going to continue interfering with Department of Homeland Security , I 'd advise you to tread lightly . And what are you going to do , disappear me ? I asked for your cooperation . And I 've chosen not to give it . Fair enough . Don 't forget to get your parking validated on the way out . This healthcare plan is incredible . Yeah , well , the maternity coverage should provide for all yo doctors ' visits and hospital care once the baby 's born . Mr. Collier , I don 't ... I don 't know what to say . Say you 'll take the job ? ( chuckles softly ) ( cell phone rings ) I 'm sorry.ne moment ; I have to take this . Yeah , Len . Oh , good , good . The whole property ? Excellent . 26 million . Yes , I want you tolose . Well , don 't worry about the board of directors , Len . They voted me back in as CEO when I returned , didn 't they ? I will handle them . Call me when it 's done . Okay . ( phone beeps off ) Real estate deals- - they 're never over till they 're over . So are you going to come to work for me or not ? I can start tomorrow . Mr. Ryland- - Phil Gibson . This is an honor . Uh , Barbara will be very disappointed she wasn 't able to meet with you herself . Actually , I prefer to speak to you . Great . First , just let me say right off the top , sir , that any information that you give us about the 4400 will never be traced back to you . I 'm glad to hear that because I have something very important to pass on . Great . Do you mind if I tape this , sir ? Quick and simple . I want Barbara Yates 's coverage of the 4400 to stop . What do you mean " stop " ? I mean it ends . She stops covering the story , period . Uh , listen , uh , Mr. Ryland , Barbara has sole ahority over her editorial content . It 's Barbara . Barbara says what Barbara wants . There 's nothing I can do about it . You 're her producer- - produce . I don 't think you know what it 's like to work in this business theseays . We 're not Walter Cronkite here . You want to talk about the old days ? In the old days , I would need a warrant to tap all your phones , to freeze all your assets , and to prevent you from ever being a passenger on any airline in the world . But like you say , it 's not the old days anymore . Now you 've worked for Barbara Yates for a long time , since the beginning , and I 'm guessing that you know where the bodies are buried . Draw me a map . ( Kyle laughs ) KYLE ( voice-over ) : You 're just afraid my dad will kick yr ass if I come home smelling like beer . Evil cousin Shawn . Corrupter of the innocent . ( whooshing overhead ) ( screaming in pain ) ( gasping ) Help ! Help me , Shawn ! Shawn , help me ! ( screams ) ( Shawn screams in pain ) ( screams , grunts ) ( screaming abruptly stops ) ( gasps ) : Oh , my God . Excuse me . I-I lost my dog . Could you help me find him ? I haven 't seen him . He 's a-a wirehaired terrier . His name 's Boss . I haven 't seen him . Could you let me by ? This isn 't funny . I 'll scream . Yes , you will . ( screams ) Don 't move ! ( grunting ) MAN : Felicia has to die ! She has to ! ( man grunting ) TOM : This man , what did he say to you , Mr. Mitchell ? You 've been following me ? No . Actually , we were following Knox . You know , I really like the composition of this shot . It 's nice cozy symmetry . Now , what did he say to you ? You keep at him . We 'll bring in Knox , sit him down next to his friend . See what they have to say to each other . Knox ! Open up ! Tom ! Knox ! ( garbled police radio transmission ) ( garbled radio transmission ) ( garbd radio transmission ) Tell me the police have someone at the girl 's house . She refused an escort . She 's leaving for Italy in the morning . ( phone ringing ) Hello ? Hello ? ( gasps ) Excuse me . I-I lost my dog . Can you help me find him ? He 's a wirehaired terrier . His name 's Boss . ( laughs ) ( panting ) ( grunts ) ( panicked panting ) ( grunts ) ( panicked panting ) ( panting , screams ) Somebody , help me ! ( rens wailing ) Stay back ! Let her go ! Let her go , Knox ! Knox , get away from her , or I 'll shoot ! ( crying ) ( panicked cries ) ( grunts in pain ) I think you bre my nose . Stay down ! Hey , you got me all wrong . Let me tell you a story ... Not a word . Not a word . Not a word . TOM : ... damn serial killer . This guy murders eight people before he 's abducted . They send him back , d he picks up right where he left off . In ' 83 , Knox was your garden-variety psychopath . They sent him back enhanced . Big difference . Well , it makes whoever took him sound pretty nasty . They also sent back Shawn . And Maia . Yes , I know , Tom . And for that , I 'd like to thank them . But it all seems so random . Maybe . Until you start to look at the bigger picture . Orson Bailey kills Adam Kensington . Revenge murder- - open-and-shut . Carl Morrisey is a well-intentioned , but hapless vigilante o ends up dead . Like I said , random . Yeah , but we know that Adam Kensington 's company was perpetrating a massive fraud on the public . And now we 've learned , since Carl Morrisey 's death , his neighbors have formed a watch committee that 's helping to protect Bradley Park . Anyone starting to see a pattern ? What , you 're talking about some kind of ripple effect ? Diana Skouris to the head of the class . The incidents themselves are just catalysts for change . But positive change in these two cases . Wait a minute . What ? ! Who-whoever sent them back , you 're saying they planned for these changes to take place ? What about the Knox killings ? There 's nothing positive there . Or maybe we have seen the ripples yet . Excuse me . Hey , I have something I want to tell you . Hey , I have something I want to tell you ! ( no audio ) ( no audio ) NEWSWOMAN ( on TV ) : Police aren 't saying who is behind the release of this closely guarded secret . A doment containing the names and the current addresses of all the 4400 has appeared on the Internet , and is now posted on more than 20 sites . Authorities aren 't confirming the leak , butheir efforts to shut down the sites with an emergency injunction suggest the list is genuine . We will have more on this breaking story as it develops . machine beeps rhythmically ) What are you doing here , Shawn ? Kyle ? ( raspy , strained ) : How long have I been in the dark ? ( crying ) Captioning sponsored by VIACOM PRODUCTIONS Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org
