 Last time on Star Trek : Voyager ... Two more of the mutations have been discovered in Spatial Grid 649 . Have their cortical nodes removed and analyzed . I 'm regenerating . This is only a dream . You 're not dreaming . I brought you here . This is Unimatrix Zero . You used to come here , before you escaped the collective . Unimatrix Zero is real , and so are the people who go there . They need our help . If we can 't terminate their link ... then we 'll simply have to pay them a visit . The people there are vulnerable . They don 't have the ability to take action in the real world . We 're going to give them that ability . Tend to your own crew . Stay away from things that don 't concern you . I 'm afraid I can 't do that . We were more than friends , weren 't we ? This is our target . You 'll keep a transporter lock on me . Once I make it to the central plexus and release the virus , you can beam me back . In how many pieces ? Captain ... I expected something more cunning from you . Their life signs are destabilizing . And now the conclusion . Lieutenant . I 'm all right . You 've been given a subvocal processor . I can live with it . The Captain ? We were separated . I don 't know where they took her . We must proceed to the central plexus . Time ? 17 minutes . We should have heard something by now . Doctor ? Their higher brain functions are stable . Cube 's changing course . New heading : 121 mark 6 . Matching course and speed . The damage to their propulsion system is regenerating . They 'll be capable of transwarp in less than two hours . I want you inside Unimatrix Zero . When the virus is released , your friends there will be the first to know . Problem ? No ... but I wouldn 't call them my " friends . " Acquaintances then . If you 're having issues with these people , I suggest you set them aside . Understood . Tell your hunters to patrol the northeastern perimeter . More drones were spotted there . Understood . Where 's that virus you promised ? Captain Janeway 's deploying it now . Good . The Borg have increased their attacks here . They 're identifying us one by one . If you 're looking for your mate , he is not here . He 's not my mate . He must not be regenerating . That or he 's dead . He should have been here hours ago . No one 's seen him . If he died in battle , I 'm sure it was honorable . Here , help me . It 's obvious your heart is in conflict . My heart is functioning perfectly . Some advice from a warrior in the bedchamber as well as the battlefield . At times like these , you must treat your heart as the enemy , so you won 't be distracted in battle . I 'll keep that in mind . Has the virus been deployed ? I 'm not sure . Do you remember anything ? Your location ? What ship you 're on ? No , nothing . The central plexus is through here . Those must be the shield emitters that Seven told us about . We need to get through that hatch . I 'll attempt to deactivate him . Captain . What 's left of her . How are you holding up ? - Fine . - l can 't access the plexus without shutting down the power grid for this section . That 's bound to draw attention . is there another way in ? The primary access port . I think it 's isolated from the main power grid . Where is it ? About 30 meters from here . Tuvok . Commander . I can hear the collective . The neural suppressant must be wearing off . I 'll be all right . I heard him ... the Vulcan ... but he 's gone . Why ? Why can 't I hear the others ? Leave this one to me . Comfortable ? Release me . Easier said than done . I think I designed this trap a little too well . What are you doing out here ? Looking for you . Korok was concerned . That doesn 't sound like Korok . He said you were missing . As you can see , I 've been busy setting traps . Not the most sophisticated technology . Seems to work . Hold on . I should return to the camp , wait for word on the virus . I 'll go with you ... in case you run into any more trouble . As you wish . I 'm sure Korok will be glad to see me . Tuvok ... Where are you , Tuvok ? Commander ? Stardate 3877 4 ... Vulcanis Lunar Colony . The time and place of my birth . Recalling the details of my life helps me remain focused . Captain , if I succumb to the collective , I 'll pose a security risk . You must be prepared to deactivate me . Without the Doctor 's help , that could kill you . Stay focused . Stay Tuvok . That 's an order . Captain , I 've bypassed the access codes . Welcome to the central plexus . Tuvok ... Where are you , Tuvok ? Busy ? What 's on your mind ? The away team . The plan was to give them two hours . It 's been 21 / 2 . Doctor 's keeping an eye on them . We 'll give it a little more time . Unfortunately , not everything goes according to plan . You know , it occurs to me that , with you in command , and Tuvok off the ship , that makes me Acting First Officer , technically speaking . What 's your point ? Well , it 's my duty to give you an opinion , and in my opinion , I think we should pull them out now before it 's too late . I appreciate your diligence ... but I 've made my decision . We wait . How long ? A day ? A week ? As long as it takes to complete the mission . This mission isn 't worth their lives . You 've made your point . Apparently not . Lieutenant . A First Officer could get in a lot of trouble for talking to his Captain that way . Well , I 've learned from the best . I appreciate your concerns , Tom , but I need your support on this . Aye , sir . Download the virus . Tuvok ... My daughter 's name is Asil . She was born ... ln the city of T 'Paal . We share your memories . You are part of us now . Don 't resist . There 's a problem with Commander Tuvok . His synaptic pathways are destabilizing . If I decide to move in closer , I assume my First Officer would concur . You assume correctly . We have to get out of this chamber and contact Voyager . You 're Commander Tuvok , Tactical Officer of the Starship Voyager . I 'm your Captain . Step aside . That 's an order . She 's irrelevant . Captain , you must deactivate me . My designation is Three of Twelve . Where are you , Tuvok ? The central plexus . Range : 40,000 kilometers . Harry ? Too much shielding around the central plexus . I can 't get a lock . Stay on it . Closer . This way . Back so soon ? Target their shield generators . Stand by phasers . Commander ? Shields to full . Brace for impact . Someone 's accessing our tactical controls . Our shields are down . Evasive maneuvers . Sensors are off-line ! I 've lost the away team ! Hull breaches- - Decks 5 , 6 , 7 ! Reverse course . We can 't just leave them . The Borg have our access codes . Get us out of here . Thank you , Tuvok . I 'm losing voices . Five in Spatial Grid 96 . Twelve in Grid 182 . Hundreds now ... thousands . I can 't hear you . Why can 't I hear you ? You 've disconnected from the hive mind . Explain . Comply . No ! I 'm not alone . You can 't stop us all ! I altered the transmission to restore your original appearance . I know how vain humans can be . Why am I here ? You 've caused a great deal of suffering . I wanted you to see for yourself . You are the cause of his death , Captain . You disconnected him from the hive mind . You didn 't have to kill him . He was confused , irrational . I had no choice . Many more will die , unless you tell me how to counteract the virus . Sorry , we didn 't think to develop an antidote . I 'll assimilate Voyager , then . Your Doctor created the pathogen . He can find a cure . My First Officer has orders to delete the Doctor 's program if you go anywhere near Voyager . The resistance is already underway . It won 't be long before thousands of drones begin to fight back . They will fail . Maybe ... probably ... but a lot of damage will be done before they do . Yes , a lot of damage . Spatial Grid 94 , Cube 630 . Complement : 64,000 drones , but I can no longer hear three of them . No doubt they 've joined your resistance . Are they trying to sabotage the vessel and liberate others ? I don 't know , because I can no longer hear them . lnitiate self-destruct . An effective solution , don 't you agree ? Spatial Grid 091 , Sphere 878 . Complement : 1 1,000 drones . Only one is silent , but I have no choice . I must silence all of them . I know how this must upset you , Captain . As a Starfleet officer , you value all life , even drones . How many more are you willing to sacrifice ? Thousands ? Millions ? You can put an end to this . I want you to go on a diplomatic mission . It 's one of your primary functions , isn 't it ? Negotiations ? Go on . Tell them to rejoin the collective , and I 'll stop the destruction . They will never agree to that . They 're individuals now . They have a choice . What are you afraid of , Captain ? That they may cooperate ? You 've been waiting for a chance to damage the Borg . Now you 've found one . You 're only using them . If you really wanted to negotiate , you 'd visit Unimatrix Zero . You found a way to send drones . Surely , you could go yourself . Or are you afraid that a taste of individuality might make you realize it is something worth fighting for ? Comply , or you will be responsible for many more deaths . You 'll have to destroy the entire collective to find them all . Several drones have reported that they retained their memories of Unimatrix Zero after their regeneration ended . The virus has been deployed . Good . We 're going to need all the help we can get . The away team 's still trapped on that cube . And as you may have noticed , we 're in no shape to mount a rescue . Can you get back in , find out if they have anyone else aboard this cube ? If they do , tell them to hurry . If they do , tell them to hurry . They 're the only allies we 've got . I 'd like to make a few adjustments to your alcove before you return . When this crisis ends , I 'll come up with a more permanent solution , so you can spend more time in Unimatrix Zero . You 're in a unique position . Not many of us get to lead a double life . When this crisis ends , I intend to sever my link to Unimatrix Zero . May I ask why ? I 'm having difficulties with one of the people there . Mr. Axum ? Whenever you mention his name , your pupils dilate by nearly a millimeter , blood flow increases to your facial capillaries . Both are consistent with an emotional response . Axum and I apparently had a relationship . Oh . Romantic ? There go those pupils again . Your diagnosis is accurate . Well ... how ironic . All this time , we 've been trying to develop that aspect of your humanity , and it 's been there all along . Not anymore . My readings say otherwise . You 're very particular about who you choose to spend time with , Seven . No doubt that 's why you and I have become friends . If you were involved with Axum once , doesn 't that suggest he 's a worthwhile individual ? He does possess commendable qualities . Coming from you , that 's high praise . There 's nothing wrong with feeling ambivalent , Seven . After all , you 're in the middle of a civil war , but eventually , you may want to give this romance a second chance . Who knows ? You may even get to meet him in person someday . I 'll say this for your Mr. Axum . He 's a very lucky man . The collective has found a new way to attack us . 1 1 ships have self-destructed in the last three hours . We need to coordinate a battle plan , a way to strike at the heart of the collective . Our target should be the primary unicomplex . If we can disrupt the queen 's control of the hive mind , it 'll give us a chance to organize , build up a fighting force . There is one more objective- - the Voyager away team . They fought like warriors . Their sacrifice will not be forgotten . We can still rescue them . She 's right . They risked their lives for us . Now it 's our turn . There 's no time ! It 's a matter of honor , Korok . I thought you of all people would understand that . I 'll see if any of our people are on a vessel near theirs . Thank you . It 's the least we can do . What 's wrong ? It turns out I 'm on a scout ship patrolling the border of fluidic space ... on the other side of the galaxy . I ... was hoping we 'd be able to meet one day , in the real world . Me , too . There are things I can do where l am . I 'll try to contact Species 8472 , see if I can persuade them to join the fight . Given their history with the Borg , I 'm sure they 'll be eager . I guess this rules out Vorothon Gorge . " Gorge " ? It was at the top of our list of things to see in the real world if we were ever freed from the collective . Don 't you remember ? We could add fluidic space to our list . We still have Unimatrix Zero . It was sufficient before . And now ? Where are you ? Over here . Don 't be frightened . Stand up , let me look at you . Comply . You 're one of the machine people . You 're trying to hurt us . That 's the last thing I want to do . I 'm here to help you ... all of you . They said you wanted to assim ... assimi ... Assimilate you . Yes , but that 's nothing to be afraid of . You like having friends , don 't you ? Assimilation turns us all into friends . In fact , it brings us so close together , we can hear each other 's thoughts . is that fun ? Yes . It 's fun . I was just about your age when I was assimilated . I was worried then , too . But when I began to hear the others , hear their thoughts , I wasn 't afraid anymore . Don 't you miss your parents ? They 're here with me ... part of us . I can hear them right now . Would you like to be with your parents ? They miss you . They want to see you . Can I talk to them ? Soon . But first ... I 'd like to see more of this . There 's a place where you can see the whole forest . Show me . It 's pretty , isn 't it ? I took your advice , Captain . I paid a visit to Unimatrix Zero . It 's far more primitive than I expected . I don 't understand how anyone could prefer a crude environment to Borg perfection . Spend a little more time there . You might find out . I 've seen enough . It 's an illusion . Even so , the people who go there are real , and they won 't give it up without a fight . They 'll fail . I thought you 'd like to see our latest accomplishment . Recognize it ? No . I think you do . It 's your nanovirus , with a few modifications . We 've reprogrammed it to target your mutated drones . Once it 's released , it will erode their autonomic functions . They will die within minutes . You have no way to deliver it . Those drones have been separated from the hive mind . They aren 't linked to the central plexus anymore . No , but there 's another way I can reach them . I 'm prepared to go back to Unimatrix Zero and release it myself , but I 'm willing to reconsider . It all depends on you . Me ? If they rejoin the collective , I 'll spare their lives . They listen to you . Tell them it 's time to come home . You were responsible for many deaths . Now you can save thousands . Decide . Let 's try this again . Ensign ? The warp core is on line , navigational array , shields at 20 percent . We 've got sensors , short-range only . It 's a start . Try to get a fix on the away team . Now what ? Someone 's tapping into our holographic systems . Source ? It 's a Borg signal . Doctor to the Bridge . Go ahead . Someone 's here to see you and Seven , Commander . You 'd better come down here right away . Kathryn ? The Borg have established this link , so I could propose a compromise . We 're listening . They 've developed a nanovirus that can kill every Borg with the mutation . They 're prepared to release it inside Unimatrix Zero , unless all the drones there return to the collective for reassimilation immediately . That 's not compromise- - that 's surrender . I won 't be responsible for any more deaths . At least they 'll survive as drones . Tell them Unimatrix Zero can no longer exist . That 's an order . Have I made myself clear , Commander ? Yes , Captain . We did our best . It 's not over yet , Doctor . Can you disrupt the interlink frequency for Unimatrix Zero ? Commander ... the Captain gave us a direct order . Yes , she did , but not the one you think . Seven ? I believe I can , but why ? Didn 't you hear ? Unimatrix Zero can no longer exist . Chakotay to the Bridge . Report . A transwarp conduit just opened off our port bow . Lieutenant . They 're on an intercept course . Evasive maneuvers . Battle stations . They 're hailing us . Open a channel . Starship Voyager . I am General Korok . This vessel is now under my command . We 've come to join you in battle . Your crewmates are coming to retrieve you . You were wise to comply . Chakotay to Seven of Nine . We 're almost in range . Stand by . I 've isolated the frequency . Get Korok . Our emitters are fully charged . You should be receiving the interlink frequency . We have it . Wait for my signal . We have to end our regeneration cycles . We can 't be here when it happens . Will there be anything left ? I know we 're being asked to make a sacrifice , but it 's the only way . We 're in range . Full power to the shields . All weapons on line . Voyager to Korok . It 's time . You must go . Bridge , it 's working . Unimatrix Zero is shutting down . Acknowledged . Voyager to Korok . Now . What are they doing ? You wanted to destroy Unimatrix Zero . We 're just lending you a hand . Get me the virus . You 're too late . There 's no one left to infect . is this your compromise ? I don 't compromise with Borg . Match their shield modulations and fire ! I 'm picking up the away team ! I 'm isolating their bio-signatures . Get a lock . I still can 't penetrate their inner shields . Voyager to Korok . Status ? Patience , Commander . They 're trying to remodulate their secondary shield grid . I 'm attempting to compensate . You shouldn 't be here . Neither should you . I 've wasted our time together . No , you didn 't . You gave us a chance to fall in love again . We 've lost our only way to be together . No. I 'll find you . Axum ... ? I 'll find you . Shields in Subgrid 42 are destabilizing . Target that section . lnitiate self-destruct . Their shields are down . Energize . Chief Medical Officer 's Log , Stardate 54014.4 . It 's been 48 hours since the away team returned to Voyager . Thanks to the neural suppressant , I 've been able to extract most of their Borg technology . The Captain and B 'Elanna are on the mend , but Tuvok will need a little more time to recover . General Korok has finished his repairs . He 's already been contacted by another Borg vessel in the region . It 's also under the control of former drones . The Doctor removed my spinal clamps , but it 'll be a while before I 'm playing hoverball again . If I ever imply it 's been easy on you these last few years , remind me about today . Noted . Well , Unimatrix Zero may be gone , but it looks like the resistance is alive and kicking . With any luck , the collective may never be the same . Korok said he would try to maintain contact , keep us informed . Have you heard from your friend ? No ... but I don 't expect to . Axum 's vessel is in a remote sector of the Beta Quadrant . If I ever imply that he was nothing more than a friend , remind me about today .
