 Beautiful , isn 't it ? A sensor analysis would have provided the necessary information . Just admiring the view . The conference begins in less than an hour . There 's always time for warp field dynamics , but you don 't see natural beauty like this every day . What was that ? Some kind of energy barrier directly below us . It spans thousands of square kilometers . Why didn 't our sensors detect it ? I 'm not certain . It has an unusual tetryon signature . Species 312 used a similar technology . There 's a power surge coming from the barrier . Shields at full . They 're creating some kind of feedback . We 've lost impulse engines . Go to warp . The warp core is off-line . Warp engines don 't just shut down when you scrape an energy barrier . It 's affecting all our systems . Warning . Structural failure in 30 seconds . We 'll have to beam to the surface . We can 't transport through the barrier . Transfer auxiliary power to the weapons array . What are you trying to do ? If I can realign our phasers to the correct frequency , I may be able to open a rift . Big enough to get a shuttle through , I hope . Warning . Structural failure in ten seconds ... nine ... eight ... Phasers reconfigured . ... five ... The barrier 's closed again . I should examine you . I don 't think it 's serious . You have a hairline fracture . We 've got bigger problems . I 'll be fine . I 'm detecting shuttle debris scattered over several square kilometers . Some of it might still be functional . If we can find the right components , we may be able to construct a beacon , send a distress signal . Through the barrier ? Maybe . If we hurry , we might still make that conference . Well , if we have to be stranded somewhere , you couldn 't ask for a nicer place . We wouldn 't be stranded at all if you hadn 't insisted on admiring the view . Guest Vessel 7 4656 , this is Ledos Port Control . Shut down your engines . This is Lieutenant Tom Paris . is there a problem ? You were observed committing Piloting Violation 256 . I 'm sorry , I 'm not familiar with your regulations . It won 't happen again . You will be informed of the penalty . What kind of " penalty " ? That 's not my decision . Your docking permit says you 're assigned to the Starship Voyager . That 's right . Your commanding officer will be notified of your infraction . Piloting lessons ? Well , apparently , the standard penalty for your infraction is a three-day course in flight safety followed by a test . Well , did you explain to them that we wouldn 't be here that long ? Well , actually , while you were completing your mission , Seven was invited to a four-day conference . Here on Ledos ? I decided to give the entire crew shore leave . It 'll give you plenty of time to brush up on your piloting skills . I don 't need lessons . Apparently , the authorities disagree . But , Captain ... You may not have known the Ledosians ' rules , but you know ours . Comply with local law , understood ? Yes , ma 'am . The relays are fused . It 's useless . Looks like we 're not the only ones here . Indigenous wildlife , perhaps . I 'm reading residual life signs . They 're humanoid . Ledosian ? No , but they share the same genetic traits . Whoever they are , they may be able to help us . Unless they 're hostile . Why don 't we give them the benefit of the doubt ? The life signs lead in that direction . I suggest you rest your leg while I investigate . It 's better if we stick together . At least until we know whether they 're hostile . I 'm guessing they 're pre-warp . Obviously , they can 't help us . No ... I don 't suppose they can . But they 're fascinating , aren 't they ? I never expected to run into people like these on such a technologically advanced planet . This isn 't an anthropological mission , Commander . You 're right . We should keep searching for debris ... You 're developing an infection . You should rest . I 'll have to stay here and try to keep out of sight . I 'll contact you if I find anything useful . I guess I don 't have to tell you to avoid interacting with these people . Seven of Nine to Chakotay . Seven of Nine to Chakotay . Commander , respond . I found something . Seven of Nine to Chakotay . Don 't ... ! Step away from him . It 's all right , Seven . They 're friendly . They 're treating my wound . You said we were supposed to avoid interaction . They found me . There was nothing I could do . You should have tried to contact me . I didn 't want to expose them to our technology . You hid your combadge ? Actually , your call scared them . They broke it . I suggest we leave before they break anything else . Look , they 're friendly ... and I am hurt . What are you suggesting ? We may as well stay the night . Commander ... lt 's good shelter , and my leg feels better since they put this dressing on . I 'm going to get some rest . I suggest you do the same . Chell says we shouldn 't miss the flame gardens . I hear the arboretum is beautiful , too . We can do both . Tom ! You joining us ? Oh , that 's right . You have to go to pilot school . I hear the course takes days . Yeah , for most people , but I did a little research . If the instructor agrees , you can skip the lessons and go right to the test . So , I will be seeing you in a couple of hours . You have to admire his optimism . Just a moment , sir . I am Mr. Kleg , the flying instructor . Are you Lieutenant Paris ? He is . It 's an honor to meet you , sir . May I show you to the Delta Flyer ? . Why ? So you can explain what I did wrong and then administer the test . It sounds to me like you need lessons in patience , as well . Oh , Tom is very patient , sir . Never impulsive . Take all the time you need . He 'll enjoy the extra attention . Well , I 'm pleased to hear it . We 'll start with a review of safety procedures . Do you have a visual display system I can access ? I think I can find one . Have fun . Energize . So , how long will this " review " take ? Oh , typically about four hours , but there 's no rush . Of course not . River . River . Mountain . Mountain . Where ... are we ? This ? You want to trade . Well , I suppose it won 't hurt . I 'll take that as a " thank you . " Did you make a favorable exchange ? I didn 't want to insult their customs . Any luck ? I may have found a way of communicating . Me , too . I 've learned how to say " thank you . " I was referring to communication with Voyager . It may be possible to construct a beacon by connecting these components to the shuttle 's deflector . Did you find it ? I detected it six kilometers from here . I believe it 's intact . I 'm not sure I 'm up to that long a trip . I 'll go . I 've started mapping the area . Here 's the river we passed . This is where we beamed down and we 're here now . Then the deflector should be approximately here . Six kilometers is a long way . Maybe one of them could guide you . I 'm still trying to limit our contact with these people . The sooner we get to the deflector , the sooner we can get out of here . They know the terrain . Maybe they can get you there faster . And watch me construct a tetryon-based signaling device ? All right , but be careful . Seven . This is how they say " good-bye . " Thank you . Hello . Identify yourself . An exothermic reaction . I 'm not hungry . lnadequate system integration . Visibility impaired by lateral sensor array . lnsufficient console accessibility ... You know , I couldn 't agree more . Those are just some of the defects that led to my so - called " pilot error . " Polarity thrusters ? Oh ! They 've been known to cause accidental acceleration . Exactly my point . Why should I be held responsible for the ship 's design flaws ? According to the maintenance records , you were this vessel 's chief designer . I make it a point of professional pride to research every case I 'm assigned to . Are you familiar with that term , Lieutenant ? Professional pride ? Yes , sir . In fact , that is why I am so eager to get underway . I want to prove to you that I am a good pilot . There are protocols , Mr. Paris . System by system diagnostics , preflight simulations ... You must have other students who need your attention . It wouldn 't be fair to ... Don 't worry , Lieutenant . I 'm planning to spend as much time with you as you need . Good morning . I 'm trying to go here . Can you show me ? Yes . I thought it was this way . Yes , it 's quite an impressive view , but now we really have ... My friend ... She hasn 't come back . I need to find her . She looks like this . Where ? Where did you get this ? My friend . Where ? Don 't touch that ! Please . Problem ? Commander Chakotay failed to report in at the scheduled time . We tried hailing , but there was no response . We contacted the conference coordinator . He said Seven and Chakotay never showed up . Anything on sensors ? We located a hull signature over the southern subcontinent , but it 's only a wing . Nothing else ? No life signs ? No , ma 'am . That 's awfully low for something to be in orbit . It 's not in orbit . It 's resting on an energy barrier . We think the shuttle may have collided with it . Why didn 't they see it ? Standard scans didn 't reveal its presence . We were only able to detect it with our Borg sensors . If all you found was a wing , maybe the rest of the shuttle made it through the barrier . Logic suggests that possibility . Unfortunately , the barrier is deflecting all our scans . There 's no way to know if the shuttle or its occupants are on the other side . Hail the Ledosian Ambassador . We 'd have warned your Commander , but his flight plan didn 't go anywhere near that area . He must have altered his route for some reason . And collided with the barrier . I 'm sorry . We 're not assuming they 're dead . We believe they may have found a way through . That 's very unlikely . They 're resourceful people . Can you tell us anything about the barrier ? It shields the territory of an indigenous society- - the Ventu . Then the area 's habitable . If you lowered the barrier , we could scan for our people 's life signs . I 'm afraid we can 't do that . Why not ? It was erected by aliens hundreds of years ago . They haven 't been back . The technology is a mystery to us . Why did these aliens build the barrier ? To protect the Ventu . From whom ? Us . Our ancestors fought them , polluted their habitat . I 'm afraid we weren 't very enlightened back then . Earth went through its dark periods too , Ambassador . Would you have any objections if we tried to lower the barrier just to scan for our people ? I told you , it 's not possible . Perhaps if you gave us information about the barrier 's power source . The generator is inside . There 's no way to access it . Even if your people did survive , I 'm afraid there 's no way to get them out . Captain 's Log , Stardate 54827.7 . Although the Ledosians are skeptical , they 're allowing us to try to locate our people . Meanwhile , we 've begun to analyze the shuttle fragment . The burn pattern suggests a tetryon flux . We found a reference to similar technology in Seven 's Borg database . You think the Borg erected it ? No , but it may have been constructed by people they later assimilated- - Species 312 . If Seven were here , she might be able to figure out a way to get through it . Maybe she already did . Some of the damage to the wing was caused by feedback from the shuttle 's phasers . Seven and Chakotay might have used them to penetrate the barrier for some reason . If I can determine the appropriate frequency , I may be able to do the same thing . But there is risk involved . What sort of risk ? It looks like the feedback from the barrier is what destroyed the shuttle . If we 're not careful , the same thing could happen to Voyager . May I see those ? Seven . is everything all right ? I need your tricorder . Nice to see you , too . I lost mine . There 's a strong magnetic field here that 's preventing me from generating a deflector beam , but the field drops off approximately 4.8 kilometers in that direction . Can you transmit the signal from there ? Not through the barrier , but I may be able to neutralize it by generating a dampening field with our deflector . Even if you 're right , this must weigh 500 kilos . How would we move it ? Some of them could help us . We shouldn 't involve them . Do I detect a change in attitude , Commander ? Your concern was justified . They 've been gathering debris from the shuttle , using it to imitate us . I don 't want them helping . What 's the alternative ? Staying here ? Allowing them to find all of the debris ? If we neutralize the barrier , Voyager can transport us and our technology off the surface . is there a possibility that this dampening field could disrupt the barrier permanently ? Unlikely . Once the deflector is deactivated , the barrier should reinitialize . Let 's hope you 're right . So , you can execute a turn at less than 300 KPH . Well done , Lieutenant . Thanks . You know , I don 't want to seem impatient again , but is there any way that you 'd let me take that test now ? I thought I made myself clear about that . All my students complete the entire course . Well , I understand , sir , but two of my friends are missing , and I 'd like to help find them . Well , that 's an admirable sentiment , but if I give you special treatment , it wouldn 't be fair to the others who have to take this course . Besides ... why stop now ? You 're getting very close to becoming an adequate pilot . Here , Commander . Not so close . Phasers are starting to overload . Can we divert any more power to the shields ? The shields are amplifying the feedback . The barrier 's interfering with every system we activate . Cease fire . I 'm open to suggestions . We may be able to reconfigure a photon torpedo to detonate at the appropriate frequency . What about feedback ? A torpedo shouldn 't create any ... theoretically . Do it . They 're too close . Back ... behind the rise . Stay back . The energy barrier 's coming down . I thought you were still reconfiguring the torpedo . I am . It 's being deactivated from the inside . Harry , scan for life signs . Aye , Captain . Take it off ! I 'm only reading one combadge . It 's Seven 's . Open a channel . Janeway to Seven . Are you and Chakotay all right ? Yes , Captain . Stand by for transport . Lock on to Commander Chakotay . I need more time . is there a problem ? Someone 's been injured . She requires medical attention . Do you need the Doctor ? I believe I can treat her . A medkit would be useful . Acknowledged . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Seven has remained on the surface to tend to the injured Ventu girl while Chakotay 's being treated in Sick Bay . The poultice healed the fracture and the infection . I 'm impressed . They 're impressive people . I just hope we haven 't traumatized them . You did what you had to do to get out of there . Still , I think we should transport all the shuttle debris back to Voyager as soon as possible . Agreed . Would you like some breakfast ? I 'm not hungry , either . I admire your curiosity , but you should be more careful . It 's time for me to leave . Back to my home . That 's very kind , but I have no use for it . I suppose I should respect your customs . Thank you . These botanical specimens indicate a high level of serum nitrates . Catalog those foliates . Explain your presence here . Oh . You must be from Voyager . Who are you ? My name is Barus . I 'm the expedition leader . What kind of expedition are you leading ? We 're conducting scans to evaluate the potential of this habitat . Potential for what ? Anthropological research , resource development ... We 've been waiting years for this . What about the people who live here ? We 'll help them , of course . How ? With medicine , infrastructure , education ... Whoever lowered this barrier did the Ventu a great favor . That barrier has to go back up . Isn 't it possible the Ledosians will improve the lives of the Ventu ? Improve them ... how ? They 're intelligent people . Exposure to education and technology may give them better opportunities . Can you honestly say that you know what 's better for them ? No , I can 't . Then what do you think we should do ? I 'm uncertain . It 's not like you to be on the fence . When Commander Chakotay and I first encountered the Ventu , I found them primitive , of little interest to me , but as I spent more time with them , I came to realize that they 're a resourceful , self-reliant people . Their isolation may limit their potential , but if that isolation ends , so will a unique way of life . We appreciate your help in opening this territory to exploration , Captain . It 's an unprecedented opportunity . A short-lived opportunity , I 'm afraid . I don 't understand . After I transport our deflector back to Voyager , the energy barrier will go back up . Naturally , you 'll want to get your people out , so they won 't be trapped inside , as ours were . You have no right to limit our access to our own territory . I 'm not trying to do that , but we have a strict policy about leaving our technology in the hands of other cultures . It often has damaging consequences . I don 't think you realize how important it is . It 's not only the resources that interest us . The Ventu are our evolutionary ancestors- - our living history . I understand this is disappointing for you , but I 'm afraid I have no choice . In the spirit of cooperation , I hope you 'll reconsider . We 're eager to resume course . Would an hour be enough time for you to evacuate your people ? I 'll make the arrangements . We 've transported all the remaining debris to the cargo bay . I have a lock on the deflector assembly . What is it ? There 's a Ledosian vessel on an intercept course . It 's charging weapons . Shields . Direct hit to the transporters . They 're off-line . Get a weapons lock and hail them . They 're hailing us . Captain Janeway . What 's going on ? Our government has decided not to let you restore the barrier . And that justifies an unprovoked attack ? We only targeted your transporters to avoid harming your crew . I hope you 'll show the same restraint . I don 't find weapons fire of any kind restrained . If you want to avoid further conflict , I suggest you leave . Take us out of orbit . What about the deflector ? is Tom still in the Flyer ? . - Yes , ma 'am . - Hail him . Excellent , Mr. Paris . Now , come about slowly . Janeway to Paris . Respond . Captain , I would appreciate it if you wouldn 't interrupt my student during his examination . I 'm sorry , but something 's come up . What is it , Captain ? Tom , I 'm sending you some encrypted orders . Yes , ma 'am . This is highly irregular . You 're going much too fast ! Yes , sir . I 'm in a bit of a hurry . If you have any desire to pass this test , you 'll reduce your speed immediately . I wish I could do that , sir . I really do . What was that ? Paris to Voyager . I 'm under attack . Give him some help , Mr. Tuvok . What have you done ? We had to get you out of there before we closed the barrier . You can 't do that . Sit back and enjoy the ride . Paris to Voyager . I 've got them . Find the deflector . I 'm getting a lock on it now . My transporters are off-line . You better get out of there , Tom . Not yet. I 've got an idea . I am sorry to inform you , Mr. Paris , but you have failed this examination . You will no longer be allowed to operate a vessel within Ledosian space . Something tells me that 's not going to be a problem . This is a beautiful blanket . Take it if you like . I don 't need it . If environmental systems ever go down , you might get cold . - l ... - You know ... You first . Please , continue . In all the excitement , I never apologized . For what ? Causing you to miss that conference . As a matter of fact , I ... wanted to thank you for that . I thought you were angry . I was . But you were right- - warp mechanics can be studied anytime . The Ventu , on the other hand ... Something 's still bothering you . I 'm concerned for their well-being . They know how to take care of themselves . That 's not what I mean . Members of the Ledosian expedition had the opportunity to scan my deflector modifications . In time , they may find a way to duplicate our technology and remove the barrier themselves . I suppose it 's possible . If I had never made those modifications ... We might still be stranded there . I don 't know about you , but I 'm glad to be back on Voyager . As am I .
