 Computer , deactivate Mess Hall lights . Oh ! You scared me . That wasn 't my intention . No , of course not . I - l - l guess I 'm - l 'm just a little jumpy - - especially after what happened the last time . - That 's why I 'm here . - Oh ? We 'll be shutting down main power soon . The children 's regeneration cycle will be interrupted . They 'll require supervision . Well , I 'm happy to help . To tell you the truth , I 'd be grateful for the distraction . The procedure could take several hours . How much do they know about what 's happening ? Nothing . The children have overactive imaginations . I don 't want to alarm them unnecessarily . What if they start asking questions ? I can 't just lie to them . You have considerable child - care experience . I 'm sure you 'll manage . That 's close enough . Let our momentum carry us in . Cutting engines . Now , there 's a creepy image . Reminds me of something out of Edgar Allan Poe . Looks like a vampire bat . You can make out the wings , even the ears . What do you see , Tuvok ? Two Starfleet officers with juvenile imaginations . Come on , Tuvok . Haven 't you ever looked up at the clouds and seen an animal ? I will never understand the human need to find imagery in something as innocuous as a cloud . Harry , are we ready ? Yes , ma 'am . Then let 's do it . All hands ... initiate shutdown sequence . Computer , deactivate EMH . Everything 's all right . We 've just had to shut down main power temporarily . Nothing to be concerned about . Three , two , one - - mark . All decks report shutdown complete , Captain . Janeway to Seven of Nine . We 're ready . Acknowledged . Why did they shut down main power ? It 's simply a precaution . We 've entered a class - J nebula , and the Captain wants to make sure that we don 't attract any , uh , residual EM radiation . Our shields provide sufficient protection against nebula discharge . is that so ? Well , I 'm afraid that gaseous anomalies were never really my specialty . Come on , gather ' round . I brought toys and stories and games , and I thought that later we might even have a little sing - along . I should go to Astrometrics . Seven may need my help . I 'm afraid that Astrometrics is shut down , too . If we 're not analyzing the nebula , why did we enter it ? Oh , that is a long and dull story and not nearly as interesting as " Flotter Meets the lnvincible invertebrates . " is Voyager in danger ? Mezoti , there 's really no need to leap to those kinds of conclusions . Maybe if you explained what 's happening in more detail , we wouldn 't have to guess . This has something to do with Deck 12 , doesn 't it ? Well , what makes you say that ? Deck 12 , Section 42 is off limits to everyone but senior officers with a level - 6 security clearance . That 's because it 's haunted , isn 't it ? Who told you that ? Naomi . She was just trying to frighten you . I 'll have to have a talk with that girl . is it true ? Does a ghost live there ? You 're really too old to believe in such silly things . If it 's not a ghost , what is it ? We deserve an explanation . I don 't think that Seven would be too happy if you all started waking up with nightmares . - Tell us . - Please ? All right . Gather ' round . But I 'm warning you - - this is not a tale for the faint of heart . We 're not faint of heart . Our cardiopulmonary systems are reinforced . So don 't leave anything out . All right , but remember , I warned you . It all began several months ago , before you joined Voyager . We were exploring a dark nebula , just gathering deuterium . We had no idea what was in store for us , but when the turbulence started getting rough , we should have seen that as an omen . How goes the particle collecting , Commander ? We 've gotten enough deuterium to power the warp engines for another thousand light - years . Excellent . Something wrong ? Uh , now that you mention it , there is something that I feel compelled to share with you in my capacity as Morale Officer . The crew seem a little on edge . Oh ? They don 't appear particularly anxious to me . Well , they 're very good at hiding their fears . Starfleet training . Um , I was wondering how soon we might be leaving this nebula . Knowing could help reassure them . Well , it 's difficult to say . The Bussard collectors are running at maximum , but it 's a slow process . We could be here for several more days . Days . Mr. Neelix , are you certain it 's not you who is on edge ? You know me too well , Mr. Vulcan . I can assure you , a J - class nebula is no cause for alarm . I know it 's illogical , but staring into this murky cloud for hours on end can be a little unsettling . When I was a child , an immense plasma drift passed through the Talaxian system . The stars and the moons were blotted out for months . From horizon to horizon , all you could see was this ... this enormous , menacing cloud . Ever since then , I 've found it a little disturbing to be in nebulas . Perhaps the Captain might give you permission to install curtains . That 's an excellent idea , and I have just the right material . Report . The nebula 's beginning to destabilize . Cause . I 'm not sure . It could have something to do with the nadion emissions being produced by the Bussard collectors . You 're not remembering correctly . I beg your pardon ? The Bussard collectors don 't produce nadion emissions . Well , the technical details don 't matter . What 's important is that Voyager 's presence was destabilizing the nebula , and the crew wasn 't interested in taking any chances . We 've got 80 percent of the deuterium we wanted . Maybe we shouldn 't push our luck . Agreed . Bridge to Engineering . Go ahead . We 're suspending the dilithium intake . Acknowledged . Tom , take us out . Aye . But at that exact moment , in the fraction of a second before Tom could engage the engines , zap ! We were hit . What was it ? The ghost ? Shh . Let him finish . Whatever it was , it shook the ship hard . An EM discharge penetrated the hull - - Deck 7 , Section 10 . lncreasing power to structural integrity . We 're clear . Damage . Power outages on three decks . Auxiliary subprocessors are off - line . No injuries reported . Assign repair teams . Resume course . We 'd taken some minor damage , but for the most part , everything was fine ... or so we thought . What none of us knew was that a mysterious stowaway had come aboard Voyager . What kind of stowaway ? It was obviously a space-dwelling life-form . Yes , but we didn 't know that , not at that point . Was it non - corporeal ? In a manner of speaking . Hostile ? Well , I 'm getting to that . Species 5973 ? Who are they ? The Borg encountered them in Galactic Cluster 8 . They 're multispectrum particle life-forms . No , that 's not what this was . Maybe it was an interphasic species . We can either debate comparative xenobiology , or I can continue with the story . Now , it 's up to you . Continue the story . Somehow I thought you 'd say that . Now , where was I ? Oh , uh , yes ... Life aboard Voyager would have been more or less back to normal , if it weren 't for a few strange malfunctions . Come in . I 've got reports from repair teams . It looks like that EM discharge did more damage than we thought . Transporter Room 1 is out of commission ; half the sonic showers are off - line , and we temporarily lost artificial gravity on Deck 5 . Any injuries ? Ensign Mulcahy bumped his head on the ceiling . Ouch . This is terrible . Computer , another cup of coffee , black . You can add replicators to your list . We 're getting started on the wrong foot today , my friend . Captain ? I 'm sorry . I was talking to Voyager . It 's nothing to be embarrassed about . I used to have long conversations with my Maquis ship . Really ? What did you two talk about ? Oh , I can 't tell you that . Captain - Starship confidentiality . Of course . If the Doctor heard us , he 'd probably recommend counseling . I won 't tell if you won 't . Deal . Commander , do you see that ? It 's a meteorite cluster . I doubt it 's anything to worry about . I 'd tend to agree ... if it weren 't the same one we passed an hour ago . - Ensign . - Yes , ma 'am . Are you conducting a survey of meteoroids , Tom ? Ma 'am ? Check your sensors . We 're traveling in circles . Not according to my readings . Tuvok , run a level - 4 diagnostic on the navigational array . There is a malfunction in the subprocessors . It appears we 're heading back the way we came . All stop . Reinitialize your sensors . I 'm telling you , we rely too much on 24th - century technology , Captain . You give me a window and a sextant , and I guarantee I 'll get you where you want to go . We 've jumped - to warp 6 . - Tom ? Don 't look at me . Shut down the warp engines . I can 't . Manual override . No response . Bridge to Engineering . I 'm reading all stop . Lieutenant Torres , respond . Computer , locate B 'Elanna Torres . Lieutenant Torres is in Engineering . Ensign Trumari is on Deck 4 , Section 30 . Commander Tuvok is on the Bridge ... Find out what 's going on . Crewman ... Harry , pull the speech processors if you have to , but shut that thing off . Ensign Boreck is in Engineering , Level 2 . Meanwhile , Commander Chakotay was headed for Engineering ... or so he thought . Engineering . Bet you wouldn 't try to pull this on the Captain . Have it your way . I 'll walk . The turbolift started to fall faster and faster ... Anybody hungry ? Neelix ! You haven 't touched your snacks . Snacks are irrelevant . Continue the story . What happened to Commander Chakotay ? The turbolift plunged 1 1 decks at high speed . The g - forces pinned Commander Chakotay to the ceiling . He knew that at any minute , he was going to come crashing down to the bottom of the turbolift , and there was nothing that he could do about it , but then ... the descent stabilizers reactivated . The way B 'Elanna tells it Commander Chakotay was not very happy when he showed up in Engineering that morning . If I didn 't know any better , I 'd say this ship is trying to kill me . Do you have any idea what 's going on ? Well , I 've traced the problem to a series of gel - packs on Deck 13 . It looks like they were burned out by am EM discharge from the nebula . And those gel - packs interface with all the affected systems . I 'm on my way to repair it right now . Feel like giving me a hand ? Only if we stay out of the turbolifts . I 'll tell you about it on the way . While Chakotay and B 'Elanna headed for Deck 13 , new problems were cropping up all over the ship . Crewman Celes , step away from the control panel . Did I do something wrong ? You caused a power failure in Astrometrics . I did ? How ? That 's what I 'm attempting to find out . I don 't see how I could have done anything ... I 've located the problem . It appears you inadvertently overloaded a series of EPS conduits while performing your diagnostic . But I haven 't even started the diagnostic . Then what were you doing ? Nothing. I just got here . I know that wasn 't my fault . These gel - packs aren 't burned out . There 's no trace of any EM discharge . Could it have dissipated this quickly ? No , it moved . Moved ? The discharge seems to be traveling through the bio - neural circuitry ... jumping from system to system . Can you isolate it ? It 's in a series of gel - packs that interface with the environmental controls outside Cargo Bay 2 . Let 's try to get there before it jumps again . By then Seven of Nine was in Cargo Bay 2 to run diagnostics , but , because the com system was down , they couldn 't warn her , and she had no idea that something was in the room with her . - Here ? - ln this cargo bay ? Then what happened ? The creature was clinging to the circuits and bulkheads , using them to move about the room . It was getting closer and closer . Seven of Nine to the Bridge . Bridge , acknowledge . But , of course , there was no answer . Why didn 't she remodulate her neural transceiver , send a message that way ? Uh , that 's an interesting question . You 'll have to ask her . Stop interrupting . Seven tried to get out , but she was trapped . What happened to Seven ? The entity must have infiltrated her cybernetic systems and turned her against the rest of the crew . It most certainly did not . You 're letting your imagination run away with you . What happened ? Why did the light go out ? It 's all right . I just have to replace the power cell . It 'll only take a moment . Nothing to be frightened about . I 'm not frightened , but Azan is . I am not . There . Sorry . I didn 't mean to scare you . And now , where was I ? Oh , yes . Seven was trapped by the force fields , but fortunately for her , help was on the way . Computer , deactivate this force field . We 'll have to cut power to the field generators . The computer 's not accepting my command codes . Stand back . The force field 's down . Let 's get her to Sick Bay . Now , most of us were just going about our business , oblivious to what was happening , but that was about to change . Kim to Engineering . Neelix to the Bridge . I want everyone to report to their stations until we figure out what 's going on . Aye , sir . Uh , Ensign , uh , maybe I should come with you . The Captain might need me . This is your post . You may be needed here . Oh , of course . If you need anything , anything at all , you know where to find me . So there I was . The only thing I could do was wait ... alone ... in the dark . Oh ... uh ... Voyager was dead in space . System after system was failing , including the environmental controls . Ensign Paris told me it was hotter than the Tarkanian desert on the Bridge . Don 't you ever sweat ? Not unless the temperature reaches 350 degrees Kelvin , with a humidity factor at approximately ... Forget I asked . Very well . I 'll make you a deal , Voyager . The next M - Class planetoid we find , we 'll set down , and I 'll give you a nice maintenance overhaul . What do you say ? Tom , check the conn . I don 't know what you did , Captain , but I 've got helm control back . Thanks , my friend . I 'm going to try to get thrusters and impulse engines back on line . Tom , I 'm reading an EM surge in your console . Get away from there . Bridge to Sick Bay . Medical emergency ! Can we transport him ? Transporters are off - line . Why am I not surprised ? Now what ? Warning . Oxygen depletion in progress . Breathable air is being sucked out of the Bridge . Reroute emergency power to environmental control . No effect . Everyone out of here now ! In Sick Bay , the Doctor had his hands full , too . You 're fortunate . Another few moments and you 'd have been asphyxiated . Where do you think you 're going ? Lieutenant Torres needs help with the repairs . Doctor ! What happened ? An EM surge - - Seven had a similar experience . The environmental system converted Cargo Bay 2 into a micronebula . When Gibson and McMinn tried to vent the gas from Deck 7 , they were struck by a discharge , too . Are we thinking the same thing ? It could be an intelligence at work here . Some kind of an electromagnetic life-form that 's using the environmental controls to make the ship more hospitable for itself . And attacking anyone who tries to stop it . My matrix is destabilizing . Transfer his program to the mobile emitter . Quickly . Warning . Power failure . Let 's get the injured out of here . Deck by deck , section by section , the crew was losing control of Voyager . People were scattered throughout the ship with no idea what was happening . What did you do that for ? Ensign , I 'm so sorry . I - l thought ... I thought you were a Hirogen , or - or a Borg . And what gave you that idea ? It 's dark . Your shadow . Trust me , there are no aliens roaming the corridors . You mean we haven 't been boarded ? It 's just a power failure . Well , isn 't that what they sometimes do ? Cut the power ? What who sometimes does ? Hostile aliens . They might be trying to infiltrate the ship . How long has it been since you 've run into anyone else ? I don 't know , four or five hours . I - l tried Sick Bay , but it was deserted . Decks 3 and 4 are empty . I - l was on my way to the Bridge . You 're the first person I 've seen . Well , there 's no one on the Bridge either . You see ? Then maybe I was right ? Maybe the reason we can 't find anyone is because they 've all been assimilated . Slow down . There was an environmental failure on the Bridge . That 's why it 's been evacuated . I don 't know what happened in Sick Bay or on Decks 3 and 4 , but I 'm sure there 's a perfectly reasonable explanation . Uh - uh . No one 's been assimilated . Then where are they ? They 've probably set up a temporary command post - - most likely , in Engineering . That 's where l 'm going . Can I come with you ? Of course . Ensign ? What ? Do you think we could stop by a weapons locker on the way ? I still had no idea what was going on . I 'd been waiting in the Mess Hall for more than four hours in the dark , cut off from the rest of the crew . is somebody there ? Hello ? Hello ? Hello ? is somebody out there ? Tom , if that 's you , this isn 't funny . Stay away ! Calm yourself , Mr. Neelix . Y - you really shouldn 't sneak up on people like that . I could have shot you . Your restraint is commendable . is there a problem with the air supply ? An alien life-form has seized control of Voyager 's primary systems . It 's flooded numerous sections with poisonous gas . Are you saying that this alien life-form is trying to kill us ? Its intentions aren 't clear . However , we should evacuate . Where to ? The Captain has established a secure command post in Engineering . Were you scared ? Well , considering that Engineering was eight decks down and the only way to get there was to crawl through pitch - black Jefferies tubes ... it 's fair to say that I was never more frightened in my life . You shouldn 't have allowed yourself to be afraid . is that so ? Fear distracts people from accomplishing their goals . Well , that 's true , I suppose . On the other hand , fear can sometimes be very healthy . Explain . Well , it keeps you alert . Keeps you from putting yourself in unnecessary danger . I was afraid once . You 've been afraid many times . Icheb . Do you want to tell us about it ? It was when we were first disconnected from the hive mind , before Seven rescued us . I couldn 't hear anyone else 's thoughts anymore . I felt alone . I can understand why that was frightening . When you 're scared , it helps to have someone to talk to , doesn 't it ? Yes . Of course , in my case , the only one person I had to talk to was Commander Tuvok . I tried passing the time with a little conversation , but , as you 've probably noticed , he 's not exactly what you 'd call chatty . I 'll bet Starfleet has specific , uh , procedures to deal with these kinds of situations . You know , something like , uh , Protocol 1005 . In the event your starship is invaded by a hostile electromagnetic life-form ... What do you suppose that , uh , that protocol would be , exactly ? Rest assured , this crew is doing everything possible to regain control of the ship . You 're right . I 'm just being silly . I concur . Of course , the crew of the Salvoxia probably thought they were going to regain control of their ship , too . Did I ever tell you about the Salvoxia ? If I say yes , will it prevent you from telling the story ? It was a Talaxian freighter . Horrible tragedy . Happened nearly a century ago . After suffering a cascade failure , it began to lose life - support generators one by one . Pretty soon , there wasn 't enough air left to sustain the entire crew , so they began to draw lots . Can you imagine ? Draw the short straw and you suffocate ? Anyway , the air continued to diminish , and they kept drawing lots . The crew got smaller and smaller as they waited for someone to rescue them . But no one ever came . The Salvoxia drifted through space for the next 80 years , until somebody finally found her . Makes me short of breath just thinking about it . Perhaps you should occupy your mind with pleasant thoughts , before you hyperventilate . Right . Pleasant thoughts . Pleasant thoughts . What did the bodies look like ? I beg your pardon ? After 80 years - - were they decomposed ? They may have been preserved by the vacuum of space . Oh. I shouldn 't have told you that story . It 's too gruesome . I wonder what the crew of the Salvoxia did for food after their emergency rations were gone . Maybe they ate each other . All right , uh , that 's enough . Now , where was I ? We 'd made it more than halfway to Engineering , when we ran into an obstacle . Commander ! What do we do now ? If I can access environmental controls , I may be able to vent the gas . is there another way around ? It would take several hours to reach Engineering by an alternate route . There is no guarantee we 'd find a clear path . Pleasant thoughts . Pleasant thoughts . Ah . While we were in the Jefferies tubes , a good number of the crew had gathered in Engineering . 97 crewmen have been accounted for . They 're in secure locations throughout the ship . Neelix ? No one 's seen him . I shouldn 't have ordered him to stay in the Mess Hall . You were following procedure . Captain . Bad news . The life-form 's infiltrated the main computer matrix . As long as it remained in the gel - pack , there was a chance to contain it . But we can 't purge it from the main computer without crashing the few systems we have left . Things were looking grim , but the Captain was about to make a breakthrough that would change everything . Captain Janeway . Captain Janeway . Captain Janeway is in Main Engineering . Sorry , Captain . I know it 's irritating . I 'll try to shut it down . Hold on a minute . This is Captain Janeway . Respond . Authorization code required . Janeway - pi - alpha . Captain ? It 's only a hunch ... but I think this life-form may be trying to communicate . Sounds like a com system malfunction to me . I 'm not so sure . The life-form 's been moving from system to system . If it 's intelligent it may be learning how to use those systems in some rudimentary way . Are you attempting to communicate ? Unable to comply . Even if it understands what you 're saying , it may not know how to respond . B 'Elanna , can you call up the com system 's syntax subroutines ? I 'll try . We 're attempting to make it easier for you to speak to us . Try to access the database at Engineering Station 3 - 1 . Database accessed . Why have you come aboard our ship ? Captain Janeway , report to Astrometrics . Why do you want me to go there ? Captain Janeway , report to Astrometrics . I guess I 'll find out soon enough . Captain , Astrometrics is flooded with nebular gas . Astrometrics life support has been restored . It could be some kind of trap . This life-form , whatever it is , has already injured at least 1 1 crewmen . I can try to establish a dialogue , or I can let it take over my ship . Seven , you 're with me . Yes , Captain . While Captain Janeway and Seven of Nine headed to Astrometrics , Tuvok was trying to ease my fears by guiding me through a meditation . Concentrate on the rhythm of your breathing . Envision your lungs filled with light . Follow it back in time to a moment when you felt no fear ... a moment of happiness ... serenity . My birthday dinner . Describe it . I was surrounded by all my friends . They 'd gotten together to cook me dinner . They prepared all my favorites - - steamed chadre kab , terra nut soufflé ... I felt loved ... appreciated ... safe . Captain Janeway served you nebular gas ? No , of course not . It was just my imagination playing tricks on me during the meditation . My head was too full of scary images for me to relax . The Captain , on the other hand , seemed to be getting things under control . Review of navigational logs in progress . Are you searching for something ? Affirmative . The nebula ... Manual helm control enabled . You 're returning control of the ship . Affirmative . You want me to take you back to the nebula . Affirmative . Well , why didn 't you just say so in the first place ? Returning to the nebula is too dangerous . We 'd risk invasion by other life-forms . I 'm beginning to think this was all an accident - - not an invasion . Captain ? Think about it . The EM surge didn 't hit us until our Bussard collectors destabilized the nebula , and then what happened ? The ship began experiencing random malfunctions . I 'm not so sure they were random . Navigational sensors were fooling us into heading back toward the nebula , and then , when Tom tried to resume course , he was attacked . This life-form isn 't trying to hurt us . It 's trying to get home . Can you give us access to the Bridge ? Life support on the Bridge has been restored . Level - 10 authorization required . Level - 10 . Captain 's eyes only . It wants me to go alone . The Captain and the life-form had begun to establish a rapport , but the relationship was fragile . is the viewscreen functioning normally ? Affirmative . I 'm sorry to tell you this ... but your nebula is gone . Clarify . The gasses must have continued to dissipate after we left . Warning . Life support failure on all decks . Abandon ship . Abandon ... Ship . Abandon ship . The creature was that angry ? Its home had been destroyed . The life-form wanted Voyager for itself , and it was going to kill anyone who remained on board . Captain Janeway 's only chance of saving her crew was to try to reason with the creature . Listen to me . I can still help you . Abandon ship . There are other class - J nebulas . I 'll find you one . Unable to comply . I 'd be able to " comply " if you gave me access to Astrometrics . Warning . Oxygen depletion in progress . Give me back helm control ! Warning . Helm circuits are overloading . Abandon ship . At least give me access to the com , so I can warn my crew ! Unable to comply . As the Captain was facing one of her worst fears , losing her ship , I was with Tuvok and about to face one of mine . Tuvok ! Lie still . I 'll try to ... Mr. Neelix ... proceed without me . I 'm not leaving you here . I am injured . Logic dictates that you take the mask and proceed to Engineering . I don 't care what " logic dictates . " This isn 't the Salvoxia . We 're not drawing lots . I am giving you an order . And I 'm disobeying it . You 're coming with me if I have to drag you by your pointy little ears . I had no choice . I had to control my fear . Pleasant thoughts . Pleasant thoughts . While we made our way to Engineering , Captain Janeway tried to make the creature reconsider what it was doing . to make the creature reconsider what it was doing . You 're going to kill everyone on this ship . Do you understand what that means ? To deprive of life ... extinguish . Yes ... and if you extinguish us , you 'll be extinguishing yourself . You need this crew . Clarify . The technology you 're using needs to be maintained . Who do you think is going to do that when we are gone ? Voyager 's secondary systems have already begun to fail . In a few weeks , primary systems will start to go off - line . Unable to confirm . Access the internal sensors . Run a shipwide diagnostic . See for yourself . Abandon ship . The Captain 's rapport with the creature seemed to be breaking down , and she couldn 't afford to wait any longer . I need everyone 's attention . We 're abandoning ship . Get to the escape pods . We may not be able to eject the pods . We 'll push them out if we have to . He needs medical attention ! It 'll have to wait . We 're abandoning ship . The entire crew had to evacuate . The Delta Flyer and the shuttles were launched , followed by all but one of the escape pods . That 's everybody but the Captain and the First Officer . After you . I did what you asked - - we 're abandoning ship . What more do you want ? Diagnostic complete . Secondary systems off - line . Primary systems at 32 percent . Estimated time to failure - - six days , 13 hours . That sounds about right . Captain Janeway , report to Engineering . Like hell , I will . I won 't be your prisoner . You 'll have to kill me . Acknowledged . Captain Janeway , report to Engineering . Not until you restore life support ... and give me back control of my ship . Unable to comply . Then we 'll die here together . I 'm guessing ... I 've got about two more minutes ... and then you 're on your own . Captain Janeway , report to Engineering . I told you the only way I 'm helping is if you return control of my ... ship ! It looked like the creature was calling the Captain 's bluff . She was down to her final breath . But at the last moment ... Access to all systems has been restored . It took almost two days for the crew to return to the ship . Eventually , an artificial environment was created in an isolated section of Deck 12 . The creature 's been living there ever since . I told you there was a monster on Deck 12 . Haven 't you been listening ? It 's not a monster . It 's an alien life-form . What was that ? Maybe it 's an alien life-form coming to get us . Haven 't you learned anything about letting your imagination get the best of you ? There . That little jolt was probably nothing more than our friend leaving the ship to go to a new home that the Captain found for him . Time to regenerate . What if the life-form didn 't leave ? What if it wants revenge ? Well ... w - what if I told you I made up the whole thing ? Naomi told me you always exaggerate . I knew the story wasn 't true the moment you said the Bussard collectors produced nadion emissions . I should 've known better than to try fooling the four of you . All right , in you go . Pleasant dreams . How are the children ? Tucked in their alcoves , safe and sound . I hope they weren 't frightened . Oh ... why would they be frightened , Captain ? They were in the dark for three hours . Oh , no , not to worry . I told them a story to pass the time . Let me guess - - " Mother Goose . " Certainly not . Some of those fairy tales can be frightening - - ogres and child - eating monsters . Speaking of which , is everything ... okay ? We 're just taking some final readings before we resume course . Show him , Harry . Well ... I hope it lives happily ever after .
