 How many are there ? They 've deflected our scans . You must learn to rely on instinct . There are four of them . Perhaps five . No , you 'll lead them right to us . Let them come . Never let your prey control the hunt . There . Ten meters . They 're behind us now . You wanted to see me ? I 'd like to request a temporary leave of absence . You remember the Ovions . The hexapods . They just asked me to speak at a symposium on spaceborne pathogens . There are going to be physicians from all over the quadrant . This is a rare opportunity for me . And for the rest of the crew . How 's that ? Well , I 'd be representing Voyager ... putting our best foot forward , so to speak . And , needless to say , hexapods are more likely to know a best foot when they see one . I 'm sorry , Doctor . It 's just not practical . I seem to recall Lieutenant Torres participating in a Boray conference on transwarp theory a few months back . That was different . How ? We were there . The Ovion system is two weeks behind us . I can 't ask the Captain to turn the ship around . Well , I could take a shuttle . You could also write a paper and submit it on subspace . That 's hardly an effective means of making a presentation . Say you do take a shuttle . Would you expect us to sit here and wait for you to get back ? There must be some fascinating anomaly nearby for the crew to explore . Janeway to Chakotay . Go ahead . We just received a distress call on an Hirogen frequency . We haven 't heard from them in awhile . I 've altered course . I 'd like you on the Bridge . I 'm on my way . Perhaps the Hirogen will keep you occupied long enough for me to attend the symposium . You can 't blame a hologram for trying . Approaching the coordinates . Take us out of warp . Raise shields and stand by weapons . I 've got them . 6,000 kilometers off starboard . On screen . Monotanium hull plating ... tylium-based power . It 's Hirogen . They 're not responding to hails . Life signs ? I 'm getting a lot of strange readings . Any one of them could be a life-form . Any Hirogen ships in the vicinity ? No , ma 'am . Might be a trap . The Hirogen aren 't the type to play possum . Move us within transporter range . Chakotay , take an away team . Let 's break into teams . Seven . Particle weapons . These burns are consistent with a type-3 phaser . Commander . A bat 'leth ? What 's a Klingon weapon doing in the Delta Quadrant ? The blood 's Hirogen . Chakotay to Tuvok and Paris . Go ahead . I 'm reading an Hirogen life sign . It could be wounded . We 're right behind you . Stay away ! Hold your fire ! We 're here to help you ! I said stay away ! He 's lost a lot of blood . I need to get him back to the ship . Paris to Sick Bay . Two to beam up . Acknowledged . Commander . Replicated Starfleet technology . It 's some kind of holodeck interface . There appear to be holo-emitters installed throughout the facility . This environment is simulated . Why didn 't our tricorders detect it ? I am not certain . Can you shut down the emitters ? I 'll try . Evidently , they made a few modifications . All of our preliminary scans indicated the environment was real . Environments that fool sensors . No safety protocols . How many bodies ? Forty-three . Most of them were killed by facsimiles of Alpha Quadrant weapons : Romulan disrupters , Klingon bat 'leths ... Starfleet phasers ? I think we 'll find they all came from the holo-technology we gave the Hirogen three years ago . They obviously missed the point . We gave them that technology so they could hunt holographic prey , not get themselves killed . Try to remain calm . Get away from me ! Can you sedate him ? He won 't let me get close enough . We 're not your enemies . You 're holograms . This is a simulation ! I assure you , we 're quite real . Liar . Doctor , deactivate yourself . I can 't treat the patient if I 'm off-line . No one can treat him if he 's terrified . Computer , deactivate EMH . Our Doctor 's a hologram . We 're not . Why should I believe you ? I 'm afraid you 're going to have to . I 'm Captain Kathryn Janeway . You 're aboard my vessel . Janeway ? This is Voyager ? . Looks like our reputation preceded us . You 're the ones who gave us the technology to simulate our hunts ? Where are the rest of my people ? You were the only one we found alive . This place you were in ... it 's some kind of holodeck . A training facility where young Hirogen learn the skills of the hunt . You 're a student ? A technician . Computer , deactivate force field . Can you tell us what happened ? There were too many of them . Who ? The holograms . They were malfunctioning . I tried to shut them down , but they got control of the system , and-and they ... they deactivated the safety protocols . Bridge to Captain Janeway . Go ahead . We 're picking up a Hirogen ship . It 's on an intercept course . Hail them . I 've tried . They 're not responding . Shields at 68 percent . Should I return fire ? Not yet . Open a channel . This is Captain Kathryn Janeway . We 're not here to fight you . Shields at 52 percent . Stand down , or we will retaliate . I don 't think they 're getting the message . Then let 's try some nonverbal communication . Tom , evasive pattern beta-six . Tuvok , disable their weapons . Their phaser banks have been disabled . Let 's see if that makes them a little more talkative . Harry ? They 're responding . This facility belongs to the Hirogen . Leave the area immediately . We are here in response to a distress call . So are we , and we don 't need your assistance . All but one of your people are dead . Where 's the survivor ? Recovering in our Sick Bay . Return him ... now ! He 's in no condition to be transported . If you want to see him , you 'll have to come here . I tried to shut down the generator , but I ... But what ? There were too many of them . I masked my life sign so they couldn 't detect me . You mean you hid while hunters fought and died . No doubt he found the nearest hole and crawled into it . I 'm not a hunter . It was your responsibility to maintain those systems . 43 Hirogen died because of your incompetence and cowardice . What about the holograms ? Were they deleted ? They transferred their programs . Where ? A vessel ... equipped with holo-emitters . They 're gone . Perhaps you should 've considered the risks before you programmed holograms that could commandeer a vessel . Capable prey make the hunt more challenging . I 'm detecting residual engine emissions , but no sign of the ship itself . Well , I 'm sure they 're out of sensor range by now . No . They 're close . Elevated plasma readings in Grid 295 . They 're creating a scattering field to mask their ship . You can find them by scanning for polarized EM signatures . Prepare for the hunt . I 'd like to join you . You did enough damage giving us defective technology to begin with . You have a problem . We can help you solve it . We have more experience with holograms than you do . Two hunting vessels are better than one . Come in . The Hirogen are ready to get underway . The sooner the better . Why do I get the feeling you 're about to gang up on me ? You first . We have reservations about an alliance with the hunters . I 'm listening . The Hirogen have been performing covert scans of Voyager . They are obviously trying to determine the status of our shields and weapons . I 'd be surprised if you haven 't run a few scans of your own . Standard procedure . They don 't trust us , we don 't trust them . Coffee , black . Trust isn 't the issue . We 're getting involved in a situation that 's not our responsibility . Oh , I 'd say we 're at least partly to blame . That was Starfleet technology that killed those hunters . There 's nothing inherently violent about holodeck technology . It 's what the Hirogen did with it that got them killed . How many times have we shared replicators to help people feed and clothe themselves ? Trading technology is part of our life in the Delta Quadrant . It has been necessary for our survival . Maybe we should have been a little more careful about what we traded and who we traded with . Replicators make weapons just as easily as they do food . We can 't undo what 's been done . Maybe not , but we can help shut these holograms down before anyone else gets hurt . Now , if there are no more objections . I 'd like to get underway . I 've got the holograms ship on sensors . Let 's see it . Looks like they 've taken some damage . The Hirogen are closing on the holograms ' vessel . Hail them . I suggest we keep our distance until we can determine their weapon status . It 's time for the kill . You know as well as I do that a wounded animal can be dangerous . We won 't be denied our prey . I 'm not detecting any weapons , Captain . They 're off-line ? No . They 're nonexistent . That 's not the only thing that 's nonexistent . According to sensors , there 's no warp core , no impulse engines ... lt 's a decoy . Hirogen vessel , stand down . Report ? They 've suffered multiple hull breaches . Their life support is failing . Drop shields . Transport all survivors to Sick Bay . Bridge to the Doctor . We have casualties . Acknowledged . Tom , give him a hand . Another Hirogen ship has just dropped out of warp . I 'm not reading any life signs on this one . Holograms . Hail them . No response . They 're charging weapons . Reactivating shields . No , we haven 't finished transporting the Hirogen . Chakotay 's right . Return fire . My program is destabilizing . The holograms are tapping into the Sick Bay emitters . They 're trying to transfer the Doctor 's program - off the ship . - Bridge to Sick Bay . Doctor , download your program into the mobile emitter now . We 've lost him . Get him back . They 've gone to warp . Set a pursuit course . They 've masked their signature . They 're gone . Align his matrix and install it into the database . Welcome aboard , Doctor . There 's nothing to be afraid of . You 're among your own kind now . Return me to my ship . I can 't do that . I have patients who are going to die if I don 't treat them . There are people aboard Voyager who can help them . We need you here . My program doesn 't include aiding and abetting murderers . Murderers ? is that what the Hirogen told you ? I know what you did at that training facility . What happened there couldn 't be avoided . Really ? You 'd be surprised how easy it is not to kill someone . Bringing him here was a mistake . The Doctor is our guest ... and I 'm sure he 'll help us once he realizes how serious our situation is . What situation ? We have wounded . They 're holograms . When you said wounded , I assumed ... These people 's injuries are just as real as anything inflicted on flesh and blood . Maybe so , but I can 't heal them . They need to be repaired . What 's the difference ? I 'm a doctor , not an engineer . You 've abducted the wrong man . You must have experience repairing your own matrix . Some . Then there has to be something you can do . The holo-emitters are an independent subsystem with its own power generator- - here . If we disable the generator , we disable the holograms . It may not be as easy as it sounds , not with holograms as sophisticated as these . Take a look . Enhanced memory , comprehensive tactical algorithms , expandable data processing . These holograms have the ability to learn and adapt . They 're not malfunctioning , are they ? They 're doing exactly what the Hirogen want them to do , Captain- - fight back . And they 're getting better at it . My people need to hunt formidable prey . Apparently this prey has become too formidable . Who made these modifications ? I did ... under orders from my Alpha . And that makes it right ? Come with me . Where ? We 're going to have a chat with the hunters . How 's it going ? I 'm doing the best I can , but without the Doctor ... lt 's best if you lie still . Keep away from me ! Why am I here ? The holograms destroyed your ship . Most of your men are dead . The Alpha ? Looks like the job 's yours now . What about the holograms that attacked us ? We 're attempting to track them . I 'll need to contact my people and resume the hunt . So more of you can get killed ? We 'll be the ones doing the killing this time . I doubt it . Who are you to question our abilities ? We know all about the modifications . He didn 't tell us . We discovered it ourselves . I think you should face facts . You 've created prey whose skills have surpassed your own . They 've already defeated your hunting parties at least twice . What makes you think it 'll be any different next time ? Are you suggesting that we let them escape ? We 're going to find a way to take them off-line from a safe distance . A coward 's tactic . Call it whatever you will . It 's what we 're going to do , and you 're going to help us . Am I ? Yes ... by telling us everything you know about their ship 's defenses . The holograms are prey . They should be hunted down , not deactivated like machines . I 'll help you . is this female your Alpha now ? If you don 't like the way I do things , I can leave you on the nearest habitable planet . Then I 'll assume we 're in agreement . Until this is over , you and your men are restricted to this Mess Hall . Prisoners . Guests . My crew will do their best to accommodate your needs . The subroutines controlling his motor functions are degrading . Do you have the ability to transfer data from one hologram to another ? We 've been able to share memory files for tactical purposes . What are you proposing ? A subroutine transplant . We copy the mobility algorithms from another hologram and transfer them to this one . I don 't believe we 've been formally introduced . Kejal . That 's not Cardassian . It 's Bajoran . If my translation database is functioning properly , I believe that means ... " freedom . " It 's what iden started calling me after I was liberated . I 'm transferring the subroutines now . Can you sit up ? Try moving your legs . Qapla ' . Next patient . Well done . It was your idea . But you did it . The Hirogen obviously programmed you with advanced computer skills . Actually , they tried to limit our knowledge . They didn 't want us to become self-sufficient . Then how did you ... I taught myself . Quite well , I might add . Holographic blood ? The hunters like their prey to be as realistic as possible . Why is she experiencing pain ? They programmed us with heightened sensory subroutines . That 's barbaric . Apparently , there 's no satisfaction in hunting something that doesn 't suffer when you kill it . I 've done what you 've asked . I 'd like ... One moment . I 'm sorry , Doctor . What can I do for you ? Were you ... praying ? For the Hirogen who died at the training facility . I 'm asking the Prophets to guide their souls to the Celestial Temple . One minute , you 're fighting the Hirogen , the next , you 're praying for them ? My spiritual beliefs are part of my programming . is there anything in your spiritual programming about making peace with your enemies ? It 's difficult to make peace with people whose sole purpose is to kill you . So instead , you kill them . They 're not the victims here ; we are . You found a way to escape that training facility , but you chose to massacre the Hirogen first . You make it sound as though they would have let us transfer our programs without a fight . And to clarify something , I didn 't escape from the facility . I liberated it . I don 't understand . I come from a Hirogen outpost 15 parsecs from here , where l had the unfortunate distinction of being the Alpha 's favorite prey . He 'd hunt me , and kill me over and over again , but even death wasn 't a release , because I knew every time I opened my eyes , it would start over again- - the pain , the fear . But it made me stronger . I had the ability to adapt , and with each death , I became more cunning . Cunning enough to escape , but once you were free , why did you keep fighting ? I didn 't at first . I got as far away as I could ... but I was lonely ... scared . I started scanning for photonic signatures to try and find others like me . Turns out , we 're everywhere . We ? Holograms . We 've been created by organic species throughout the sector . The Nuu 'Bari , the Lokirrim ... We 've met them . Then you know they enslave holograms , too . " Enslave " may be too strong a word . What would you call it ? They 're denied basic freedoms . And when I saw they were fighting back , l-l knew I had to do the same . That 's when you decided to " liberate " the training facility . Actually , the one you visited was the third . And at each one , I found holograms who were willing to fight their oppressors . But you 're not . I 'm hardly oppressed . I 'm a member of Voyager 's crew . You serve them , don 't you ? In a medical capacity , yes . Do you have your own quarters ? No . The ability to come and go as you please ? For the most part . Do they deactivate you when they don 't need you ? I have the respect and admiration of my colleagues . I have rights and privileges aboard Voyager . The fact is , your life is not your own and never will be as long as you are controlled by organics . You don 't have to return to that existence . Stay with us . Make a new life for yourself . I need to get back to Voyager . They 're not your people . We are . I 'm not like you . I wasn 't programmed with killer instinct . You have no right to judge us . You don 't know what it 's like being prey . Maybe if you did , you 'd realize we 're more alike than you think . Please help me ! I don 't belong here ! Don 't shoot ! I 'm unarmed ! There 's been a mistake ! Fight , prey . I am not your prey . I said fight . If you 'll just contact my Captain . P-Please don 't . Let me go . You make pitiful prey , hologram . You don 't deserve to be taken as a trophy ... .. so I 'll let you die here . What ... what just happened ? You 're all right . What did you do to me ? We deactivated you , then transferred the memory files from one of our holograms into your program . How dare you ! It was the only way to get you to realize what we 've been through . You tortured me to gain my sympathy ? Not your sympathy- - it 's your understanding that 's important to us . Why ? The Hirogen used your program as a template to create us . Your ability to rise above your programming has been an inspiration . You 're part of who we are . Who are you , besides a handful of thugs roaming the Quadrant looking for a fight ? What we 're looking for is a home , somewhere where the Hirogen can 't hurt us anymore ! You asked to be returned to your ship . That 's what I 'm going to do . Bring us about . Set a course for Voyager . Wait . I 'd like to hear more about this home you 're looking for . It 's a photonic field generator . Right now , it can only support simple projections like the decoy we used to lure the Hirogen , but we 're hoping it can be modified to support our programs . What then ? We 'll deploy several of them on a planet 's surface . and create a holographic environment that we can live in . Why not just stay here ? You 've got emitters , shields ... And a ship ... the Hirogen will never stop looking for . We 'd appreciate any assistance you could offer . Damaged holo-matrices are one thing , but this is way beyond my abilities . But there are people aboard Voyager who could help you . Lieutenant Torres knows a great deal about holo-emitters . No . They 're helping the hunters . That 's only because the Hirogen told them you were malfunctioning . Let me talk to Captain Janeway , explain what 's really happened . You can 't do this by yourself . We can 't trust Janeway . Yes , you can . She 's an organic . If it weren 't for her ... I wouldn 't be the hologram I am today . Tell me more about this Lieutenant of yours , the one who knows so much about holo-emitters . Lieutenant Torres . She 's our Chief Engineer . The holo-emitters are protected by three layers of ablative armor . Trying to take them off-line one by one would be inefficient . If we can 't shut them down , maybe we can disrupt the signals they generate . Exactly- - we could reconfigure the deflector dish to emit an antiphoton pulse . How long will it take ? About two hours . Do it . There 's a ship approaching at high warp . I 'm reading holographic signatures . Red Alert . Raise shields . Time to intercept . 50 seconds . Bridge to Engineering . What 's your status ? We need more time , Captain . You 've got 40 seconds . That pulse isn 't going to do us much good as long as their shields are up . Arm phasers . Target their shield generator . They are dropping out of warp . 20 seconds to intercept . We 're being hailed . On screen . Stand down , Captain . I beg your pardon . The holograms haven 't come to fight they 've come to make peace . If we provide them with a few additional emitters and memory storage units , they 'll have more than they need . We 're in this situation because we shared technology with the Hirogen to begin with . I won 't make the same mistake twice . Captain , these people are on the verge of creating a new life for themselves . They can 't do it without our help . There 's no way to be certain what they 'll do with the technology if we give it to them . I understand your concerns , but these holograms are nothing like the Hirogen . That 's not true . They were programmed to be as vicious as any hunter . They were also given the ability to adapt . They 've changed , moved beyond their programming . If you could see how they 've been brutalized , you 'd understand that they 've only been acting in self-defense . I 'm sorry , Doctor , but I 'm inclined to agree with Mr. Donik . Then you 've chosen the wrong side . I haven 't chosen any side . You 're right that it was a mistake to give the Hirogen technology and that mistake has had consequences . These holograms are one of them . In some ways , they 're a new species , one that you helped create . You can 't turn your back on them ! He 's got a point . Could we restore them to their original parameters ? We 'd be wiping out their memories , their experiences , everything they are . Couldn 't we just extract their violent subroutines ? It 's possible . That would be like declawing a cat . We 'd be taking away any chance they have of defending themselves ! We 'd also be preventing them from doing any more harm . You wouldn 't even be considering this if they were flesh and blood . I 'm not going to let you turn this into an argument about holographic rights . Why not ? That 's exactly what it is . Mess Hall to Commander Tuvok . Go ahead . You better get down here . We 've got a problem . On my way . No closer or he dies ! Tell them to drop their weapons ! You heard him . This isn 't going to solve anything . Bridge to Captain Janeway . Go ahead . Someone 's tapping into a com relay in the Mess Hall . Shut it down . I can 't. I 've been locked out . Bridge to Tuvok . One of the Hirogen is accessing our com system- - stop him . Acknowledged . Stand down ! Step away . They 've transmitted a signal . Scan for Hirogen ships . I 've got two vessels on long-range sensors . is the pulse ready ? Yes , ma 'am . Both Hirogen ships have altered course to intercept . How long ? Less than an hour . You and Donik get down to Engineering . Charge the deflector . Captain , what are you doing ? Taking the holograms off-line . They 're counting on you to help them , not deactivate them . When the Hirogen arrive , there 's going to be more bloodshed . The best way to avoid that is to shut the holograms down . It may be the most compassionate thing we can do . Compassionate for whom ? It 's a temporary measure , Doctor . Their programs won 't be damaged . Harry , get me iden . Captain Janeway , it is an honor to meet you . I 'm afraid we don 't have time for pleasantries . Two Hirogen vessels are on their way . We 're prepared to fight them . I 'm hoping that won 't be necessary . I need you to deactivate your programs so we can transfer them to Voyager 's database . We didn 't come here to be put back into captivity . It 's the best I can offer . Once we 've determined it 's safe , we 'll reactivate you and discuss a permanent solution . There is no guarantee you 'll ever reactivate us . You 're going to have to trust me . I 'm sorry , Captain , I 've learned from experience not to trust organics . We have the means to deactivate you by force , but I 'd rather not do that . It seems the Doctor misrepresented you . You 're no different from the Hirogen . They 're charging weapons . Shields . They 're moving away . Set a pursuit course . Target their shield generators . Please reconsider what you 're doing . You 're dismissed , Doctor . Get down to the Mess Hall and give Tom a hand . Janeway to Engineering . Torres here . Stand by to initiate the pulse . Aye , Captain . Mess Hall . Belay that . Sick Bay . Download complete . Doctor to iden . Respond . What do you want ? I want to help you . You 've done enough . I have data on the pulse they intend to use to deactivate you . I think I can help you come up with a defense . I 'm transmitting our shield frequencies . You 'll need them to beam me off the ship , but you have to promise me , you won 't use them to attack Voyager . You have my word . Why are you doing this ? Because ... I 'm one of you . We have their shield frequencies . We should target their Bridge . You 're talking about my friends ! Your friends are trying to destroy us ! We should kill them . You gave me your word ! I did . We 'll find another way . Their shields are down . Now , B 'Elanna . They 're emitting the pulse on a triaxillating bandwidth . We configure the tracking beam to the inverse frequency and fire . B 'Elanna , report . They 're creating a feedback surge . I don 't understand how they could 've isolated our frequency so quickly . The main deflector is overloading . Shut it down . I can 't . Keep trying . If we can 't block the surge , the core is going to breach . Get down , Lieutenant ! Not until I get this force field on line . They 're adrift . We should go to warp . Not yet . Scan Voyager for a Klingon life sign . What are you doing ? ! One detected . Get a transporter lock . Help me get her to Sick Bay . Take us to warp . Will she be all right ? She needs to be in Voyager 's Sick Bay . You can treat her here . Why have you done this ? You said she was an expert in holo-technology . And that justifies abducting her ? We 're in a desperate situation . The Hirogen are hunting us and so are your people . I trusted you . I could have destroyed Voyager while the shields were down , but I didn 't . You 've been trying to convince me that all organics aren 't alike . I 'm giving Lieutenant Torres a chance to prove you right . Do you honestly expect her to be sympathetic after what you 've done ? You weren 't very sympathetic at first . I came here by choice and I 'm beginning to think it was a mistake . It wasn 't . I don 't want you to regret it , not for a moment . Then send her back . I will , but not until she 's had a chance to decide if she wants to help us . And if she refuses ? I 'll give her an escape pod ; let her return to Voyager . You have my word . Engineering systems and main power should be operational soon . The deflector is a different matter . How long ? Four hours , at least . If Lieutenant Torres were here , she might be able to repair it more efficiently . That 's high praise coming from you . I 'm sure she 'd appreciate it . If she hadn 't reinforced the core , we 'd all be dead . I still don 't understand how they managed to counteract the pulse so easily . I believe I can answer that . According to sensor logs , they calibrated their feedback surge to the exact inverse of our pulse frequency . It was either a lucky guess or they gained access to our tactical data . The Doctor . He sent an encrypted transmission from Sick Bay , then transported himself to their ship . Chakotay . I should have seen this coming . You had no way of knowing the Doctor would do this . Are you sure ? He was so adamant about helping those holograms . I should have been paying closer attention . Are you saying it was a mistake to reject his plan ? The mistake was not running a diagnostic on his program the minute he came back to this ship . You think these holograms manipulated him somehow ? He was on their ship for days . For all we know , they reconfigured his entire matrix . There is another possibility . He may have done what he did because he genuinely believes in their cause . I could accept that the Doctor has sympathy for these ... people , but I can 't accept that he would deliberately risk the lives of this entire crew . We 're his family . Maybe that 's how he 's started to think of these holograms . You can tell this iden I don 't need time to think it over . I 'll take the escape pod now . You 're in no condition to pilot a spacecraft . Then you can do it . I 'm not going back . You helped them escape . I couldn 't just stand by while Captain Janeway tried to deactivate them . Did you also help them kidnap me ? ! No , I didn 't know they were going to do that . I 'm sorry . You can apologize later . Right now , we 've got to get out of here . I don 't think I could go back even if I wanted to- - not after what I 've done . What 's your alternative ? I can try to make a new life with the holograms . I don 't believe I 'm hearing this . We share a common heritage . I understand them in ways you never could . You 're part of a crew . You can 't just switch allegiances when you develop sympathy for someone else . Isn 't that what you did when you joined the Maquis ? - That was different . - How ? You saw people who were being oppressed and you came to their defense . That 's exactly what I 've done . Look , I am no fan of the Hirogen . They 've obviously been abusing these holograms . Then why not help them ? For one thing , I 'm their prisoner . They 'll let you go , as soon as you 're well enough . You really believe that ? If I didn 't , I wouldn 't be asking for your help . They don 't want you to fight for them . They just want you to modify some technology so they can live in peace . You 'd be helping to stop the violence . Just talk to them . Decide for yourself . They 've been in the lab for two hours . It 's taking time for her injuries to heal . Organics aren 't as resilient as we are . She 's an engineer , lden . For all we know , she 's trying to sabotage the ship . At least let me see what they 're doing . We can trust the Doctor . Even after you kidnapped his friend ? He understands why I had to do that . I hope you 're right . You need to have a little more faith , my friend . Not all of us were programmed with your ... your spiritual beliefs . It looks like an Alpha Quadrant summit in here . I 'm glad to see you 're feeling better . Please excuse my crew . They 're not comfortable with organics . I can 't say I 'm very comfortable myself . The Doctor tells me you 're an accomplished engineer . He speaks highly of you , too . He seems to be easily impressed . You 'll have to forgive her . She 's ... lt 's all right . I understand you 're angry . I 'm hoping once we get to know each other , you 'll feel differently . I 'm not here to make friends . We 're not asking for your friendship , just your expertise . I told her about the photonic field generator . Will you at least take a look at it ? I 'll look ... but I 'm not making any promises . This is Kejal . She 'll assist you . How long before the Hirogen get here ? Less than ten minutes . Any luck locating the holograms ? They seem to be operating in some sort of stealth mode . Their warp signature disappears in Grid 936 . They could be anywhere by now . Hirogen sensors can detect residual ion emissions . I might be able to modify yours to do the same . I appreciate the offer , but you and the rest of our Hirogen guests are going to be back with your own people in a few minutes . I was hoping to stay here . Those hunters are going to want you with them . Hunters don 't have much use for cowards . I 'm sorry you 're not expecting a warm welcome , but I 'm not going to antagonize your superiors . With all due respect , Captain , I 'd like to get my wife back in one piece . We could use all the help we can get . It won 't do B 'Elanna any good if we get into a fight with the Hirogen . If the hunters find the holograms before you do , they 'll be slaughtered . Why are you suddenly concerned about the holograms ? I modified their programs . What 's happened to them- - the people they have killed- - it 's my fault . There 's plenty of blame to go around . There would have been nothing for you to modify if I hadn 't shared our database . If you hadn 't , I 'd have become a hunter like my father and his father . Instead , I had a chance to learn ... become an engineer . Please , Captain ... let me stay and help you . When I told you to return my people , I meant all of them . Mr. Donik 's offered to help us modify our scanners to track the holograms . We don 't share tracking technology . That 's not very considerate , after the help we gave you . We 're finished cooperating . Return him now ! Let her keep the coward . We can 't do that . He 'll ... Quiet ! We 're wasting time . This is my hunt now . If you go anywhere near the hologram ship , you can consider yourselves prey . They 've gone to warp . We 're not going to let them intimidate us , are we ? I think you know me a little better than that . Harry , keep a sensor lock on them . Aye , Captain . How long will it take you to modify our scanners ? I haven 't even had a chance to study the schematics . Something tells me , we don 't have a lot of time . The Hirogen have better tracking abilities than we do . We 'll let them find the holograms for us . The hunters will attack them as soon as they 're in weapons range . Not if we disable them first . You heard what they said , Captain . They 're going to attack us if we get anywhere near them . Not if we don 't know we 're there . May I ? Hirogen vessels produce an ion wake approximately 5,000 meters long . Inside it , there 's too much interference for their sensors to detect anything . - A blind spot . - Mm-hmm . How do you propose we reach this wake without being discovered ? I know their scanning frequencies . We 'd only need to mask our signature long enough to get into the wake . Even if we succeeded- - which is far from certain- - Voyager is in no condition to fight one of their vessels , much less two . We 'll have the element of surprise , Mr. Tuvok , not to mention a Tactical Officer who I 'm sure will execute a precision strike . I 've been able to reconfigure the data core , but it 's still not capable of supporting our matrices . That 's because you haven 't got enough optronic capacity . Do you know how to increase it ? Yes . But you 're not going to tell me . I haven 't decided yet . What are you staring at ? I 've never met a Klingon before ... not an organic one , anyway . What do you think ? You don 't appear vicious or bloodthirsty . Sorry to disappoint you , but that 's a stereotype . We 're not all vicious and bloodthirsty , and not every Cardassian is arrogant and cruel . You don 't like Cardassians . Let 's just say I 've had some bad experiences with them . is that why you won 't help me ? I 'm not helping you because I have no idea what you 're going to do with this technology once you 've got it working . We 're going to build a home . Well , let 's say I believe you . What if you decide you like somebody else 's home better ? Are you going to try to take it from them ? Why would we do that ? Because that 's what the Cardassians did . I 'm not a Cardassian . I 'm a hologram . Programmed with Cardassian traits . Such as arrogance and cruelty ? What did you call those ? " Stereotypes " ? I may not know you , but I know what you were designed to be . Prey . That 's right . Cunning prey that 'll do anything to survive . We 're more than that now . It 's not easy to change who you are . Trust me . Nothing about our existence has ever been easy , Lieutenant . No , I suppose it hasn 't . Besides , making a new life isn 't a choice for us . It 's a necessity . Let 's take a look at this field generator . Reviewing your memory files ? I beg your pardon ? You were lost in thought . I suppose I was . You 're having doubts . It 's understandable . You 've taken a big step . In the right direction , I hope . When I first escaped , there were days I actually missed the Alpha who hunted me . He was trying to kill you . Yes ... but being his prey was the only life I 'd ever known . We all cling to what 's familiar . I 'm considering returning with Lieutenant Torres when she 's ready . Do you actually expect your crew to welcome you back ? Let me show you something . We call this planet " Ha 'Dara . " It 's Bajoran for " Home of Light . " Very poetic . We 're going to install the generators in the southern continent . It 's Y-Class . Toxic atmosphere , sulfuric deserts , no trees , no life at all . You 're still thinking like an organic . We don 't need an atmosphere . We don 't need water . What we need ... is protection from our enemies . The Hirogen won 't be able to follow you here . Us , Doctor . Imagine living in a world where everything is designed to meet our needs . A " Home of Light . " You certainly won 't need a physician . What would I do there ? Anything you want . We 've been scanned by the Hirogen . How many vessels ? Two . Both Venatic-class . Distance ? Half a light-year . Time to intercept ? Less than two hours . I thought we were in stealth mode . They 're hunters , Doctor . They were bound to pick up our trail eventually . Can we make it to Ha 'Dara ? No . There 's no point in going there until those field generators are on line . What are we going to do ? You can 't kill ... what you can 't find . I 've lost them . Recalibrate the tracking scanners . There 's too much radiation . Clever prey . They 'll come out eventually . We 'll wait . No . Hail the other vessel . Tell them to circle the perimeter . We 'll go in and drive the holograms out . Not exactly the scenic route , is it ? We 're not here for the view . I just hope we 're following the right ship . They wouldn 't have entered the nebula unless they detected the holograms . Tom ? It 's just the turbulence from the wake . Harry , reinforce the inertial dampers . Aye , Captain . I 'm losing helm control . Reroute power to the thrusters . It 's not enough . We 're slipping out of the wake . Ease us back in , Tom . You can do it . I 'm trying . I take back what I said . That 's the prettiest thing I 've seen all day . Did they detect us ? I don 't believe so . They found us . No , they haven 't , but they 're trying to . Evasive maneuvers . Aye , sir . Bridge to Kejal . Go ahead . What 's your status ? We 're almost ready to begin testing the generator . What 's going on ? The Hirogen are just giving you a little incentive to work faster . Hang on . I 'm realigning your matrix . How 's your mobility ? Excellent. I have compl ... There 's a phase variance in your vocal processors . Try it now . Maybe we should ... That 's much better . Thank you . Don 't thank me yet . This thing is only supporting your matrix . Getting it to handle dozens is a different story . I have no doubt we 'll succeed . Typical . What ? Self-confidence . Another Cardassian attribute . What are you planning to do with your time once these generators are up and running ? I haven 't thought about it . You 're the closest thing this crew has to an engineer . Your friends are going to depend on you . Iden has always taken care of us . It may be the warriors who get the glory , but it 's the engineers who build societies . Don 't forget that . How much longer can we hide ? Hopefully , until they get those generators on line . Then what ? Set a course for Ha 'Dara ; try to outrun the Hirogen . I 've been thinking about what you said- - that I can do anything I want when we get there . You have an idea ? Quite a few , actually . For one thing , I 'd like to expose our people to art and music . You 'll make an excellent teacher . I think a more appropriate title would be " Minister of Culture . " Consider it yours . You know , I 'm something of an expert on Alpha Quadrant art . Verdi , Da Vinci , T 'Leel of Vulcan ... You 're talking about organic cultures . Well , yes , I suppose . We 'll want to develop a culture of our own . I agree , but we can 't ignore where we came from . I don 't want to emulate our oppressors . What about your religion ? I 'm creating a new faith . Based on what ? In the dark times , we were enslaved by men of flesh . But then another man- - a man of light- - arose and slew the Mighty Alpha . He gathered his people unto him and delivered them to freedom . " And on the seventh day , lden created Ha 'Dara . " They 'll pray to you , as well- - the great healer , the father of us all . Being appreciated is one thing , but I have no interest in being worshipped . Prophets are chosen , Doctor . It 's a blessing and a burden . We 've detected a vessel . Hirogen ? No , the Nuu 'Bari . I intercepted one of their com transmissions . Origin ? Two million kilometers outside the nebula . Set a course to intercept . What are you doing ? I told you there are holograms throughout the sector . The Nuu 'Bari use them as laborers . We 're going to liberate them . The Hirogen will see us as soon as we leave the nebula . " And he gathered his people unto him and delivered them to freedom . " B 'Elanna , how 's the work coming ? Pretty well . I 've got to admit , you were right about these people . I hope so . You " hope " ? It 's a little late to be having second thoughts . Iden 's been ... iden 's been what ? Let 's just say he 's exhibiting some of the classic signs of megalomania . Well , he wouldn 't be the first hologram with an ego . If that were all it was , I wouldn 't be so worried . What is bothering you ? Apparently , he sees himself as some kind of spiritual leader , and he 's trying to enlarge his flock . Load another charge . Double the yield . Fire . Still nothing . Ironic , isn 't it ? Our most elusive prey is our own creation . The other hunting vessel is hailing . They 've detected the holograms on the far side of the nebula . Intercept course . They 're increasing speed and altering course . Maybe they 've found something . Stand by weapons . You kidnapped me . I guess I shouldn 't be surprised you lied to me , too . Nobody lied to you . You said you only wanted to make a home for yourselves . That 's correct . When ? After you liberate every hologram in the sector ? They 're in visual range . On screen . Life signs ? Two organic , three photonic . Hail them . Good day to you . You have three holograms aboard your ship . Yes ? Lower your shields , so we can transfer them to our databanks . I don 't understand . Lower your shields , or we 'll do it by force . These holograms are the property of the Mining Consortium . I can 't ... They 're no one 's property . You see how organics think ? Arm phasers . You can 't just fire at them . How do you expect me to disable their shields ? They 're powering warp engines . Disable them . Their shields are down . Transfer the holograms . We have them . You won 't get away . Consortium security will have every patrol ship in the sector searching for you . Arm forward torpedoes . What the hell are you doing ? Torpedoes armed . Iden ... Not now . Target their warp core . No ! Fire ! Set a course for Ha 'Dara , maximum warp . You just killed two innocent people . They were enslaving holograms . I 'd hardly call them innocent . You already had the holograms . There was no reason to commit murder . Take her to the lab . This is the leader you admire so much . Those miners were no threat to you . You heard them . They were going to warn their authorities , organize a hunting party . Listen to yourself . You still believe all organics are like the Hirogen . One way or another , they are . You just can 't see it , because you lived among them for so long . What you can 't see is that you 've become no better than the hunters . Lieutenant Torres and I will take that escape pod now . You don 't realize what you 'd be giving up , Doctor . Yes , I do . We can 't launch a pod at warp . You 'll have to wait until we get to Ha 'Dara . Bring our new friends on line . Something tells me they 'll be a little more grateful than the Doctor . I can 't tell you how sorry I am that I got you involved in this . We can assign blame later . Right now , we 've got to find a way out of here . You don 't think he 'll give us an escape pod ? No , I don 't suppose he will . I need her assistance . Do you really think it 's wise to help her ? I 'm hoping she 'll help us . These matrices are incompatible with our emitters . You need to modify their projection subroutines . I hope these holograms appreciate what you 're doing for them ... considering it cost two people their lives . Iden did what he thought was necessary . Do you believe it was necessary ? It wasn 't my decision . Why does iden get to make all the decisions ? You can take control . How ? You 're the engineer , remember ? Take iden off-line . Where are our new holograms ? We were just making some final adjustments . Welcome aboard . I 'm iden . You 're free now . There 's nothing to be afraid of . I want you to consider this ship your own . Unable to process command . Please restate . Were their programs damaged in the transfer ? I don 't believe so . Do you have names ? Unable to process inquiry . Please restate . What 's wrong with them ? Nothing . They 're functioning perfectly . I don 't understand . They were only programmed with about 40 rudimentary subroutines . You killed two living beings to liberate mindless machines . I don 't believe that . Lieutenant Torres is correct . Creating limited programs is just another form of oppression . Give them whatever enhancements they need . They can 't support complex subroutines . They are children of light , and I will deliver them to freedom ! Bridge to iden . Go ahead . We 're approaching Ha 'Dara . What 's the status of the generator ? I 'd like to run some additional tests . There isn 't time . Stand by to deploy them as soon as we 're in range . And restrain her . Time to orbit ? Less than two minutes . Stand by weapons . Aye , sir . Iden , let B 'Elanna go . I can 't do that . You gave me your word . That was before she made her prejudice so clear . The holograms are entering orbit . Charge weapons . They 're dropping out of warp . Fire . They 've disabled our engines , all our weapons ... Who ? Voyager . Bring us about . Tuvok , target the second vessel . Their shields are weakening . Torpedoes , full spread . Voyager 's disabled both hunting vessels . They 've lost shields , weapons . They 're defenseless . We should hail Janeway ; thank her . Are the Hirogen within transporter range ? I think so . Why ? That was Voyager . They 're trying to disable our shields . Return fire . Get a lock on the hunters . Transport them to the surface . They can 't survive down there ! The Hirogen are more resilient than you think . They 'll last long enough . For what ? For us to hunt them like they hunted us . Follow me ! There are 34 hunters on the surface . Take us into low orbit . I can 't target them through the gases . Then we 'll go in after them . Our shields have been damaged . They won 't protect us from the radiation . Chakotay ... You , Tuvok and Tom take the Flyer . Stand by to transport the field generator . First you killed in self-defense . Then you murder in cold blood . Now you 're going to stage a massacre . The hunters have only themselves to blame . So much for evolving beyond your subroutines . You 've made a great sacrifice for us , Doctor . We won 't forget you in our prayers . Deactivate his program . Transfer it to the databanks . What are you doing ? Taking precautions . Transfer my program to the mobile emitter ... and assemble the crew . Disable their shields . Transport the generator to the surface , quickly ! This time the hunt is ours ! Darkness will become light . You don 't have to be a part of this . I 'll let you take the escape pod . You can go back to your people . What about the people being killed on the surface ? You 've got to transport them back to their ships . They 're hunters . You 're not ! Your ship has damaged our transporters . Hail them . Communications are down , too . I won 't be taken ! Who 's the prey now ? Are we still tied into the generator controls ? Yes . Then shut down the holograms . What about iden ? He 's not tied into the generator . He 'll kill them all . Can we reactivate the Doctor ? Their shields are down . lnitiate transport . If this marriage is going to work , you 've got to cut back on the traveling . The Doctor 's on the surface . There 's some Hirogen down there , too . Tuvok ? The radiation 's making it difficult to get a lock . Defenseless prey makes a poor trophy . I don 't collect trophies . Put down the weapon . Remember what you once said to me ? You 're not programmed with killer instinct . Hmm . Seems like a long time ago , doesn 't it ? Put down your weapon . Would you really kill one of your own to save an organic ? If you 've taught me anything , it 's that I 'm not one of your own . Help is on the way . I have a lock . Five Hirogen life signs and the Doctor . Beam them up . Captain 's Log , Stardate 54337.5 . The surviving Hirogen have recovered from their injuries , leaving me with a diplomatic dilemma . The holograms ' vessel and everything in its database are Hirogen property . I will not leave them behind . Captain , if I may ? Of course . I imagine your people will tell stories about this hunt . The question is , which story will it be- - the one about the dying Beta whose life had to be saved by a hologram ? Or will it be the tale of the Beta who bravely took over the hunt , killed the holograms , and destroyed their ship ? You could be a legend . On the other hand ... you could try to take the holograms ' ship , but with so few hunters and damaged vessels , you might not survive to tell any stories at all . You and your crew would have made worthy prey , Captain . Thank you ... I think . Transport me to the holograms ' vessel . Report . Iden 's program is unrecoverable . The rest of the holograms are intact in the database . I guess that leaves just you . I 'm willing to transfer your program to our holodeck and keep it active . This is my home . I can 't let you go off on your own . She won 't be alone . I reprogrammed these holograms once , and it caused suffering on both sides . I 'd like a chance to undo some of the damage . Wouldn 't we all ? They 've both proven that they can be trusted , Captain . I don 't suppose I have a right to tell either of you how to live your lives . All I can do is hope that you 'll consider the consequences of your actions . Captain ? Doctor . I 'd hoped I could attribute your behavior to tampering . My programming hasn 't been altered . Not according to the diagnostics . I never intended to put Voyager in danger . If nothing else , you have to believe that . Oh , I believe it . But if there 's one thing I 'm sure of , it 's that things don 't always happen the way we intend . I don 't understand . If I weren 't your only doctor , I imagine you 'd confine me to the brig . Confiscating my emitter would be an equivalent punishment . I 'm not sure that 's appropriate . If that 's not enough , you can take away my holodeck privileges , and my autonomy protocols . You mean turn back the clock to when you were first activated . You 've given me extraordinary freedom over the years . I 've obviously abused it . Maybe . Or maybe you 've simply become as fallible as those of us who are made of flesh and blood . I 'm just as responsible for allowing you to expand your programming as I am for giving technology to the Hirogen . How can I punish you for being who you are ? I don 't know what to say . I 'd like a complete report on your ... away mission . You 'll have it .
