 That 's one planet that never showed up on the multiple choice exam . Its gravimetric readings are similar to that of a collapsed dwarf star . It also resembles a quasar in that it has a high rate of rotation - - approximately 58 revolutions per minute . Shall we take a closer look ? That 's what we 're here for . Tom , put us in a high orbit . Aye . Our warp drive is off - line . Why ? Unknown . Back us off . Our impulse engines aren 't responding . Then use the auxiliary thrusters . We 're in some kind of gravimetric gradient . It 's pulling us toward the planet . The new one is brighter than Tahal or any of his brothers in the sky . What does he want from us ? To answer that , we must learn the nature of this god . We must understand the reason for his arrival . You were making an offering to Tahal . I placed the fire - fruit on his altar . Then the ground shook . I looked up ... and the new one was there . The fire - fruit - - where is it ? The new one doesn 't want Tahal to have the fire - fruit . Make an altar for him ... as big as Tahal 's . The fire - fruit is only for the new one . No more for the people ! It is his alone . Ground Shaker ... Light Bringer ... take this today and every day ! Accept our offering ! Do not harm us . Report . We 're in synchronous orbit 57,000 kilometers above the planet 's equator . Good work , Tom . Now let 's see ... You 're patting the wrong guy on the back . Explain . Our thrusters went off - line halfway through our descent , and then we just stopped , like we were caught in something . I 'm picking up a strong tachyon field along the hull . It could be what 's holding us . Seven of Nine to the Bridge . Go ahead , Seven . Please report to Astrometrics . - There 's something you must see . - On my way . Chakotay . This planet has a tachyon core . It 's produced a subspace particle field which runs between the poles . Voyager 's arrival disrupted that field . It looks like the ship 's been caught in an eddy of some kind . It 's worse than that . Voyager seems to have become the planet 's third pole . The imbalance is affecting the outer crust . I 've picked up indications of high - frequency seismic activity . Caused by our presence ? Possibly . Does anybody live down there ? The atmosphere is having a scattering effect on our sensors . is that vegetation ? According to sensors , yes . The tachyon core has created a space - time differential between the planet and the surrounding space . We 're watching the seasons change in a matter of seconds . For each second that passes on Voyager , nearly a day goes by on the planet . Scan for inhabitants . I can 't isolate individual life - forms . It 'll take time to correct for the space - time differential . A couple of hundred years , maybe ? If our orbit starts to decay , Voyager will begin to feel the effects of the differential , and we 'll begin aging hundreds of times faster than we would in normal space . Unless we want to live our lives in the blink of an eye , I suggest we find a way out of here . How 's our warp core ? The matter / antimatter reaction is still active , but this field we 're stuck in is raising hell with the nacelles . Until we break orbit , warp drive is off - line . And without warp drive , we 'll never leave orbit . It does pose a bit of a problem , doesn 't it ? Maybe the key is to learn more about this planet , in case we 're missing something . The sensors aren 't having an easy time of it , either . Then let 's modify a class - 5 probe for low orbit . See what we can pick up . Configure the program to scan along all subspace bands , and set it for visual images every ten milliseconds . Snapshots . Why do I get the feeling you 're not just interested in tachyon fields ? This could be the greatest anthropological find of my career . If there 's an intelligent species down there , we 'll be able to track their development - - not just for days or weeks , but for centuries . Watch them discover new and better ways of beating each other over the head . They won 't necessarily follow the Klingon model . As opposed to the human model ? It 'll take a few hours to make the adjustments . A few hours . We might miss the rise and fall of a civilization . So we 'll watch the next one . Oh . Oh , Protector . You 're late . Well , the hill is steep , and I ... I 'm not as young as I used to be . More heat . Yes , Protector . There are grave matters of state here that cannot be delayed . Oh , Protector , what exactly are you doing ? I 'm sending him a letter . Him ? S - S - Sending who a letter ? The Ground Shaker . The Light Bringer . Well , had you been more attentive to my lessons when you were a boy , you would not be so gullible as a man . On the contrary - - you taught me well . Our ignorant ancestors believed every star was a deity . You taught me how foolish that was . Superstition , you called it . And that 's exactly what it is . Hungry ? Well , it 's , uh , bad fortune to eat the fire - fruit . According to whom ? Our ancestors ? Don 't tell me you believe that old superstition . Perhaps we shouldn 't completely ignore the old beliefs , no matter how strange they may seem today . Ground Shaker ... Ground ... Shaker . Isn 't it possible the name was not given arbitrarily ? That this star is indeed responsible for knocking down our walls and making us stumble as we walk ? Oh , yes , I heard about that - - my condolences . You heard what ? Well , that you stumbled in front of several important people uh , d - d - during the last ground shake . Uh , very embarrassing , I 'm sure . I did nothing of the sort . Well , my , uh ... uh , uh ... my hearing is not as good as it used to be , nor my memory , either . Now , uh ... uh , what were we talking about ? We were talking about ancient superstitions . Now , I don 't believe for a moment that the stars are gods , but then , what are they ? A great mystery to which there is no answer . I believe the sky is full of people just like ourselves . Wha ... ? Oh , nonsense . Prove me wrong . I say each star encompasses a city , and the Ground Shaker rules one of these cities - - a fellow Protector . If I 'm correct , then he 'll listen to me , one Protector to another . Your pen . I , Kelemane ... " Kelemane ... " son of Kelemane , ruler of the good people of the land below you , demand - that you stop what you 're ... - " Demand " ? " Would hope " ? Ah , better . Much better . ... would hope that you might consider putting an end to whatever it is you 're doing that shakes our ground . If this causes you inconvenience , I 'm willing to offer a recompense . " ... a recom ... pense . " I await your reply . The next series of scans is coming through . I 'm downloading them into the display buffer . No doubt about it . There 's a city down there . Elevated levels of carbon monoxide , ammonium - - that 's progress , all right . They 've developed internal combustion technology since the last few scans . Look at those radial lines . It looks like a system of roads . Well , one thing hasn 't changed . The geological disturbances that Voyager seems to be causing . The probe recorded half a dozen each month . Still no way to tell how severe they are . Look at the amount of iron being used in that city . That 's ten times what you 'd expect to see in a culture at this stage of development . Do you think they 're using it to support their buildings ? If you lived on a planet that wouldn 't stop shaking , you might be doing the same thing . If they 've reached this stage of industrial development , they must be observing us . The probe 's impulse thrusters are starting to fail . At its present altitude , it 's been operating for over 200 years . Its orbit is becoming decayed . lnitiate self - destruct . It disintegrated in the upper thermosphere . If they saw anything , it just looked like a shooting star . Any response to our transmission ? Nothing . No visual change either . Surprised ? Send it again . The entire sequence ? How about just the prime numbers ? You 're tired . So are you . The prime numbers and the elemental constants . Then we 'll stop . An acceptable compromise . It 's not as if they 're going anywhere , if they even exist in the first place . Do you doubt that ? I doubt everything . So you weren 't one of those children that had the entire series of Sky Ship Friends , hmm ? Actually , I had them all , even the duplicates . You couldn 't walk into my home without tripping over a friend or two . Not in our home . My grandfather wouldn 't allow it . He told us that the Sky Ship was a palace where an evil Protector lived . He said that bad children were sent there to be punished . At this point , I 'd be happy to see anything ... evil or not . Can you boost the signal ? We 're already at maximum . Maybe if we switched to a different carrier wave ... lf there is somebody up there , they don 't like us very much . Any beings capable of building that Sky Ship could have destroyed our world long ago . They 're not causing the tremors on purpose . What if they 're all dead ? If you truly believe that , why did you join this project ? Well , I doubt everything , remember ? Even my own doubts . I hope someone is up there . So do I . If they won 't respond to mathematics , perhaps we should try a more personal approach . Here . Say hello . How could they possibly speak our language ? There 's only one way to find out . What ... what should I say ? Oh , " Glad to meet you . " Where are you from ? Please stop shaking our planet . " An ultrahigh frequency signal is being transmitted from the surface . The modulation is unfamiliar . Its Doppler component is ... Any signal from the surface will be accelerated . When it reached our time frame , the frequency would be thousands of times higher than normal . I 'll attempt to slow it down . Again . Amplitude modulation . It 's a radio transmission . It 's a numerical sequence . Prime numbers . They 're sending a list of prime numbers . Followed by a sequence of mathematical constants and what appears to be a vocal modulation . Slow it down again . A little more . Good friends in the Sky Ship - - l call you that , hoping at least you 're not enemies . There 's nothing on our world that resembles your technology , so we assume you came here from a nearby planet or a distant star . Our ancient mythology describes your arrival centuries ago coinciding with the tremors that continually shake our planet and destroy so many of our accomplishments . I hope that was never your intention . But the result is the same . Respond if you can , or if you wish , come down from your Sky Ship and visit us . Well , we 've got to let them know we 're not doing it on purpose . inadvisable . The Prime Directive still applies . This transmission was made with primitive radio technology . They are not a warp - capable civilization . To hell with the Prime Directive . That man deserves an answer . Don 't forget the temporal differential . That man has been dead for a long time . Nearly a century by now . Okay , so we send a message to his great - grandchildren . I 'll gladly do the honors . Ancient mythology - - that means we 've already insinuated ourselves into their culture . Why not take the next step ? First contact with a pre - warp society . We 've already made first contact . They know we 're up here . Well , they 've known for hundreds of years , which means our presence has been tempered by time . We 've gradually become part of their mythos . Meeting us could throw that belief system into chaos . But we 're destroying their planet . You heard him . A first contact , face - to - face , might give us information we could use to leave orbit . That would stop the damage . It 's worth the risk . We don 't even know if an away team could survive the transition to their time frame . Doctor , correct me if I 'm wrong , but the physiological stress could be fatal . For one of you , perhaps , but not for me . My holo - matrix would be unaffected . You 'd be going only as an observer . You 're not to make contact . I localized the source of the transmission to a subcontinent in the southern hemisphere . The Central Protectorate . How do you know that ? I 've been looking at the data from Astrometrics . Seven 's picked up a few of their local transmissions . I can tell you the names of all 26 states on the planet . And all the best places to eat ? Just about . So , is this Central Protectorate a good place to send the Doctor ? Probably . Judging from the transmissions , they seem to have a tolerant society . Hmm . Well , just to be on the safe side , I 'll find him an isolated spot . I 'm giving you access to your facial and epidermal parameters . You should be able to mimic the appearance of whoever is down there in a matter of seconds . What if they 're big purple blobs of protoplasm ? Then you 'll be the best - looking blob on the planet . I 'm keeping you down there for three seconds , Doctor . That 'll be almost two days in their time frame . Gather whatever data you can - - seismic charts , meteorological records , anything that might give us a clue about how to break orbit . Understood . This will speed up the scanning rate of your program ... allow you to make the transition . See you soon . Energizing . One ... two ... three . The confinement beam is destabilizing . It 's the temporal field . We 'll have to recalibrate . Every second he 's down there , he 's in danger of being discovered . Locking on again . We 've lost him . I 'm scanning within a 100 - kilometer radius of where we sent him - - nothing . He could 've moved across the continent by now or to the other side of the planet . lncreasing radius to 1,000 kilometers . Chakotay to Seven of Nine . Go ahead , Commander . Have you picked up any information regarding opera houses or concert halls ? The cultural center of the state runs along the shore of the eastern lake . Got him . B 'Elanna , stand by for the coordinates . Acknowledged . I 've reinitialized the confinement beam . It 's holding . Locking on . Captain ! Lieutenant ! I thought I 'd never see you again . Are you all right ? Oh , I - l 've had a few close calls over the years , but all in all ... " Years " ? It 's been over three . But at least I knew you hadn 't left me behind . All I had to do was look up , and there you were , the brightest star in the sky . Well , what do they know about us ? Only that we arrived here centuries ago . They blame us for the seismic tremors , but everything else is pure speculation . And let me tell you , they like nothing better than to speculate about Voyager . Doric would go on and on - - " Sky Ship this , Sky Ship that . " Doric ? The owner of the building I lived in , until the war started . There was a war ? Oh ... the neighboring state decided to lob a few cannon shells at us . Our tactical air command responded , and a new treaty was signed ... in a matter of weeks , but not before my apartment was in ruins . Oh , so they have aviation technology ? They 're hardly savages , Captain . In fact , they 're making great strides technologically , thanks , in part , to Voyager . What do you mean ? From the moment our ship arrived in the sky , they 've been trying to make contact . Our presence ... has encouraged invention , religion , science , art , even children 's toys . They 're all variations on a single theme - - Voyager . Mariza even composed an aria based on the Sky Ship . I sang the lyric . Mariza ? She was my ... roommate . Three years is a long time , Captain . One needs ... companionship . You 'll get no argument from me . But did you learn anything that might help us break orbit ? It 's all in here . Meteorological records for the last 300 years - - l 've committed them all to memory . Some are inaccurate almanacs , but the more recent ones include detailed seismic analyses . Get that information to Astrometrics . See if you can find any pattern to the quakes . Might help us figure a way out of here . See you in Sick Bay . I 'll download the data from your program , and we 'll do a little cosmetic surgery , too . Lieutenant ? Unless you prefer looking like that . Of course - - l completely forgot . I must tell you , if some of the people on the planet had their way , those weapons would be pointed at Voyager . Luckily , the ship is still out of range - - for now . I guess I can 't blame them . There 's something of a space race going on between the various states . Who can get to the starship first with a rocket ? Are we talking about a capsule with an astronaut or a missile with a warhead ? I can 't answer that . But at their present rate of development , we won 't have to wait very long to find out . How does this sound ? " The Weird Planet Where Time Moved Very Fast and So Did the People Who Lived There , " by Naomi Wildman . That 's what I 'm calling my report for astronomy class . Neelix said I should choose a planet to write about . So I picked this one . Your title is ... verbose . I suggest you try to condense it . " The Weird Planet . " Better , but it lacks precision . " The Weird Planet Displaced in Time . " Perfect . Seven of Nine to the Bridge . I 'm transmitting my calculations directly to the helm . Acknowledged . What 's happening ? The Doctor brought back data regarding the planet 's graviton field . We 're using it to realign our thrusters . That 'll be great for my report . All hands , this is the Captain . Secure your stations and prepare to break orbit . Brace yourself . Our altitude is increasing . 50 meters ... 60 ... Seven of Nine to the Bridge . Our attempt to leave orbit is increasing the seismic activity . We must abort . Agreed . is the planet okay ? Minimal damage along the equatorial coastline - - nothing serious . Seven ... do you think we 'll ever be able to leave ? Eventually . I hope so . I need a way to end my report . Orbital 1 to Launch Control . We 're ready to ignite second - stage propellants . Proceed . Second - stage propellants depleted . Final stage - - ready . Ready to ignite final - stage propellants . Launch Control , we are awaiting your command to proceed . What was that ? There 's nothing wrong with the transponder . Orbital 1 to Launch Control . We 're not receiving your orders . Everything else is working perfectly . Ignite the final stage . We have to proceed with the mission . Final - stage propellants depleted . lnitiate deceleration thrusters . Thrusters active . Watch your pitch angle . Correcting . Distance check . We 're in rendezvous range . Rendezvous sequence ... locked in . Moving into final position . Distance check . We 're within scanning range . Let 's take a look . The scans won 't penetrate their hull . I guess we 'll have to go inside . We 're not authorized to do that . Our orders were to learn as much as possible about the Sky Ship . That 's my intention . I saw something that looks like a transfer port . It might be a place we can dock . Move in closer . Wait , wait . Are you all right ? A little ... disoriented . Let 's keep going . I don 't understand . Her skin feels warm . It might be some sort of metabolic stasis ... but then , why does it look like they 're just going about their business ? This isn 't right . We shouldn 't be here . We were never meant to be here . Try and stay calm . We 've seen enough . Please , we have to leave . You 're the best pilot we have . That 's why you 're on this mission . This is no different than flying your favorite ... Oh , it 's different . I can 't argue with that . Another few minutes , then we 'll go back . This looks like their command center . This is not metabolic stasis . Could the laws of physics be different here ? Maybe they 're just a little slower . What 's wrong ? Intruder alert . Security Team to Deck 1 . Captain , I 'm picking up a ship at Docking Port 1 . It just appeared there . Bridge to Sick Bay . Medical emergency . What can you tell me ? The transition to our time frame was a little rough for them . I 'm afraid his colleague didn 't make it . How is he ? Recovering . Lucky for him , I 'm as good as his family doctor . After three years of poring over their medical journals , I know as much about their physiology as I do yours . Easy . Where 's Terina ? She didn 't survive the transition . I 'm very sorry . Transition ? To your time frame ? You understand what 's happened to you . I 'm beginning to . Voyager exists in the same space - time as the rest of the galaxy . Your planet is different . So you really haven 't been watching us for centuries . Actually , we just got here ... and we 're hoping you can help us find a way to leave . So , if what you 're saying is true , everyone I know ... everyone I knew is gone . That 's correct . Captain , I 'm an accomplished pilot . That 's why they chose me for this mission . I don 't have the courage of the others . They made a mistake choosing me . I have to disagree . For someone whose life has just been turned upside down , I think you 're doing fine . When I was a young child , the toys hanging above my crib depicted the Sky Ship . It 's the first thing I ever remember seeing , even before my mother 's face ... and now I 'm the only one that knows its name - - Voyager . I suppose it 'll be the last thing I see as well . Well , that 's up to you . I have no intention of keeping you here against your will . The Doctor spent some time on your planet collecting data that we hoped would help us find a way to leave orbit . We need you to assist us in interpreting that information . However ... the longer you stay on board , the more difficult it will be for you to go home . Your culture is changing every second you 're here . By the time you go back , you might find it more alien than ours . Star of the night , star of the day Come to take my tears away Make my life always bright ... lt 's a child 's prayer . To Voyager ? Yes . I hope you 're not disappointed . How often does your very first dream come true ? Of course I 'll help you . The information I brought back is in Voyager 's database . Seven of Nine has been trying to make sense of it . She 'll welcome your assistance . Mountain or Lakeside ? Mountain , of course . Don 't tell me you 're a Lakeside supporter . You really were on the surface . How are they doing this season ? Not good - - five wins , 12 losses . I don 't believe it . Who 's guarding for them ? Torelius . Any relation to the Torelius ? His grandson . I saw the original defend for Mountain in the playoffs against Red River . That was before I was born . He would have gone into voluntary exile after a 5 - 12 season ! This information is out of date . We were far more advanced than this when I left . I can help you correct it . Very well . Let 's start with the geological data . The seismic detectors back then were off by a variance of 3.8 . A simple conversion will compensate for that . Does every planet look like ours ? None that I 've seen . Your world appears to be unique . If we 're so out of step with everything else , we 'll never be able to explore space the way you have . You 're a highly adaptable species . Your scientists will find a way to compensate for the temporal differential . They 'd better do it before you leave . Without the Sky Ship up above them , my people might lose interest in progress . There wouldn 't be anything left to reach for . Perhaps they 'll miss Voyager so much , they 'll do everything they can to follow us . Maybe so . What was that ? An antimatter implosion . Your world is experimenting with warp technology . Sensors detected an early test . Another test - - six weeks later . And a third - - more controlled each time . They 're learning quickly . Too quickly . What was that ? Unknown , but our shields are down to 82 percent . 64 percent . I don 't know what 's causing it . There 's nothing on sensors . Janeway to Seven of Nine . Go ahead , Captain . Are you picking up anything in Astrometrics ? The inhabitants appear to have developed antimatter torpedo technology . I believe we 're under attack . Another direct hit . Shields at 49 percent . Captain , I apologize for this attack . They have no right . Unfortunately , they 've got every right . Let me talk to them . We 've already tried to hail them . It doesn 't look like they 're able to receive our transmissions . They still don 't know about the time differential . A logical assumption . Shields down to 34 percent . The torpedoes are being fired at three - day intervals . They 're making refinements each time , increasing the detonation yield . Captain , isn 't it time we returned fire ? We 've done enough damage to these people over the last thousand years . You 've got to go back . It 's the only way . Make them understand who we are . You have the specifications of this ship . Your scientists might be able to use them to help free us . At the very least , get them to hold their fire . Captain , the transporters are off - line . is his vessel still intact ? The docking port hasn 't been hit yet . Good luck . This will accelerate your metabolic functions - - help you make the transition . Thank you for everything , Doctor . It was a pleasure to treat a fellow citizen . Would you do me a favor ? Certainly . Find out what happened to a boy named Jason Tabreez . He lived in the Central Protectorate . Jason ? An unusual name . Yes . He was my ... son . But you 're a hologram . It 's a long story . He 's dead by now , but perhaps you could discover what happened to him . Maybe he had children or grandchildren . You could tell them about me . I will . Orbital 1 to Launch Control . Please respond . Launch Control , please respond . Who is this ? Pilot First Rank Gotana - Retz . Clear this channel , or I 'm going to report you to the Command Center . is this Launch Control ? I 'm the Weather Coordinator for Station 004 . You 're in violation of transmission regulations . Please , listen to me . I 'm trying to reach Launch Control . Let me guess . You finally decided to come home . You 're Gotana - Retz ? Gotana - Retz . Yes . Now , please transfer me to Launch Control . Launch Control became the Tactical Command Center 50 years ago . You 're dead . I 've been inside the Sky Ship . Then it 's a good thing you decided to leave . They 're about to shoot it down . I 've got to speak with them ! Tactical Command frequencies are classified . Now , get off this channel . If you 've ever wanted to report more than the weather , now is your chance . Tell them to clear Central Lake of all traffic . Orbital 1 is coming in for a landing . Shields at 23 percent . 17 percent . Shields are down . What was that last one ? A tricobalt device . What 'll they think of next ? Damage reports coming in - - imminent hull breaches on Decks 8 , 9 and 10 . Life support is failing . Our astronaut should have made it by now . Based on his descent velocity , he landed about ten minutes ago . That 's a year and a half . Then he must have failed . I 'm picking up another launch - - two massive energy signatures . Tricobalt devices ? Unknown . Brace yourselves . We 're in some kind of tractor beam . Captain ... if I alternate thrusters , I might be able to break us free . No . Let 's give our friends the benefit of the doubt . They 're pulling us away from the planet . We 've broken orbit . Try hailing them . It 's good to see you all again . Looks like somebody down there listened to you . I 'm sorry it took so long . And now we can make first contact the proper way . Unfortunately , that won 't be possible . A temporal compensator . It allows me to exist in your time frame without actually leaving my own , but , uh , only for a few minutes . I 'm afraid it 'll be a while before my people actually join the rest of the galaxy . Captain , we 'll be able to bring the warp drive back on line in approximately two hours . Very good . Thank you . I feel like I 'm saying good - bye to an old friend .
