 Come in . Seven of Nine 's shipwide efficiency analysis . Did we get a passing grade ? Barely . She wants to present it to the senior staff . Put her on the schedule . We 'll be passing by a Class - T cluster in the next couple of days - - gas giants , radiogenic sources . I 'm not sure it 's worth altering course . At the very least , we should send the Delta Flyer for a look , and let 's get a full range of sensor scans as we get closer . We 'll go to a level - 3 analysis of the cluster . Tom , get the Flyer ready and assemble an away team . Harry , start continuous scans . Kim to Seven of Nine . Proceed , Ensign . Any chance you can increase radiogenic resolution in the long - range sensors ? The Captain wants to get a cleaner look at that cluster coming up off starboard . Acknowledged . Take these specifications to Lieutenant Torres . Right away . Deck 1 1 . What 's our Borg queen want now ? We need to route at least another five terawatts to the sensor array . Deck 15 . Hello . Sorry to interrupt . I 'm about to disprove Schlezholt 's theory of multiple big bangs . Of course , I had to demolish Wang 's second postulate to do it . Power transfer requisition . You 're standing in the way of cosmological history . The cosmos is 16 billion years old . It can wait another few minutes . Schlezholt would thank you for the reprieve . Captain 's Log , Stardate 537 53.2 . Long - range scans of the T - cluster have indicated a number of tantalizing anomalies . The away team should have a field day . Who knows ? I may even join them myself . Billy ... Mm ... Billy , wake up . What do you want ? I need help . Good night . Billy , don 't you dare go back to sleep . What 's the problem ? I 'm in trouble . Go to sleep . Help me first . With what ? This level - 3 sensor analysis . I 've got four hours of subspace infrared to interpret . Long - range scans on that cluster up ahead ? Yes . It 's too complicated to do over the com . Either we meet in the Mess Hall , or we wait until tomorrow . I don 't want to get dressed , and it can 't wait until tomorrow . Your only options . I 've given operations an efficiency rating of 7 6 out of a possible 100 . Not exactly flying colors . The crewmen you assign to the night shift are frequently left with little to do once the ship 's course has been locked in . The devil finds work for idle hands . Religious metaphors are irrelevant . Perhaps you should consider assigning them additional tasks . What 's this I 'm guilty of : " failure to utilize expertise " ? Crewman Mortimer Harren . He has five advanced degrees in theoretical cosmology , but you 've assigned him to the ... Plasma Relay Room . His talents could be put to better use . B 'Elanna ? Believe me , I 've tried . When I give him more responsibility , he doesn 't do the work . Harren wants to be down on Deck 15 . It gives him more time to repostulate the origins of the universe . As you can see , security is functioning at near - perfect efficiency . However , Commander , if you arrange the phasers in the weapons lockers so that the smaller rifles were in front , they could be more easily removed in the event of an emergency . I 'll look into it . Crewman William Telfer . Billy . He certainly ruined my score . He visits the Sick Bay almost once a week complaining of illness . Invariably , you examine him and find nothing wrong . Mr. Telfer is a hypochondriac . I 'd treat him for it , but he 's afraid of medication . Have you tried counseling ? He 's afraid of that , too . All I can do is scan him and offer him reassurance . Wasting your time and medical resources . What about Astrometrics ? Looks like you could use some improvement yourself , Seven . You 're correct , unfortunately . Tal Celes , Sensor Analyst , grade - 3 . Her work must be constantly double - checked . She should be removed from Astrometrics and reassigned elsewhere - - perhaps to Engineering . Forget it. I 've got my own problems to fix , remember ? That 'll be all , Seven . Thank you . Dismissed . Captain ? They 've never been on an away mission . Mortimer Harren ... William Telfer , Tal Celes - - none of them . They get off the ship whenever we have general leave . I mean a working away mission . Harren never volunteers , Celes can 't get past the proficiency requirements , and Telfer always seems to get a note from his doctor . Something 's got to be done about this . What can we do ? There are always a few who don 't make it past their first year on a starship . Normally , they 're reassigned . But in our case , maybe we should relieve them of duty and let them pursue their own interests . It certainly wouldn 't hurt general efficiency . They aren 't drones , Chakotay . We can 't just deactivate them . is the Delta Flyer ready ? Flight - checked with provisions for a 72 - hour away mission . What have you got in mind , Captain ? Three people have slipped through the cracks on my ship . That makes it my problem . The analytical aspects of the subspace infrared algorithm are fourfold . Unfortunately , I have a threefold brain . You just have to break it down . Think of it as four smaller algorithms . Okay . But what 's the sequence ? It 's ... Zero - G ls Fun . As you were . Zeta particle derivation . Gamma wave frequency . lon distribution . Flow rate of positrons . Z.G.l.F. - - Zero - G ls Fun . That 's how you remember the sequence . Thank you , Captain . - l 'll try . - Good ... because where we 're headed , you 're going to need it . I 'll be briefing you this afternoon in Astrometrics . We 'll leave first thing in the morning . Deck 15 . Captain on the deck ! At ease . Junction Room 16 ? Over there , Captain . Of course . Crewman Mitchell , how have you been ? Uh , never better , ma 'am . Yourself ? Not bad . Not bad at all . Uh , to the left , ma 'am . Thank you . Crewman Harren . Captain Janeway ... are you lost ? I was , for a minute . I 'll be briefing you this afternoon . Well , there 's been a mistake . Excuse me ? You have me assigned to an away mission . I have my duties here . I 'd prefer not to leave my post . Ensign Culhane will cover for you . The preflight schedule is all there . If this is charity , Captain , I don 't want it . I didn 't ask you what you want . I 'm taking the Delta Flyer on an astronomical survey mission , and your expertise is needed . What do you know about my expertise ? As much as I need to . Well , then you might be interested to know that I 'm about to disprove Schlezholt 's theory of multiple big bangs . Really ? Wang 's second postulate has more lives than a cat , doesn 't it ? Once you think you 've eliminated it , bam , it pops up again . I 'll give you a hand , if you 'd like , when the away mission is over . Once we reach the cluster , we 'll drop out of warp and maintain one - quarter impulse on the sweep through the protostars . I 'll be piloting the Delta Flyer . Celes , you 're going to run an ongoing sensor analysis , providing data for your colleagues . Mr. Harren , you 'll be looking at subspace particle decay for anything new we might learn about star formation . And , Mr. Telfer , your job will be to look for signs of life , a long shot in this environment . But if it 's out there , I 'm sure you 'll find it . You 'll have the rest of the evening to familiarize yourselves with the mission . Excuse me , Captain . If we find a planet , we 're not planning on exploring the surface , are we ? That 's a stellar nursery . Any planets will be gas giants . They may have moons . Don 't worry . We 'll run a complete scan for pathogens before we set foot anywhere , and the Delta Flyer is fully equipped to deal with medical emergencies . We 'll be fine . Shuttle Bay 1 , 0600 hours . Dismissed . Celes is unreliable . Her sensor analyses will be full of errors . You could be putting your lives at risk . Don 't worry , Seven , I 'll check her work . This mission could be better served with a more experienced crew . No ... not this mission . Ever hear the tale of the Good Shepherd ? If even one sheep strayed into the wilderness , the shepherd left the safety of the flock and went after it . So , you 're intending to rescue them ? In a manner of speaking . Maybe all it will take will be some personal attention from their Captain , maybe something more , but I won 't abandon a member of this crew , no matter what their problems might be . Poor guy ... rotting away down on Deck 15 , counting the years till we get out of this godforsaken Quadrant . It 's a shame he doesn 't have a superior officer who cares . It 's not my job to make everybody who works for me happy . Some people just don 't want to fit in . I 'll bet you haven 't said two words to him . Two words , exactly . We collided in the corridor during a Borg attack . I said , " Excuse me . " Since we were at Red Alert and about to be destroyed , I think it was very considerate of me . Well , Mr. Considerate , why don 't you go over there right now and offer him some encouragement ? His first away mission . I 'm sure he could use it . Brushing up on the Delta Flyer specs ? I 'm not a mechanic . Oh . Then , what are you doing ? Very interesting . What do you find most interesting about it ? Your creative use of the minus sign . I see you have a , uh , appreciation for multivariate analysis . Maybe you missed your calling . It 's a shame . I imagine it gets tedious up at the helm . I enjoy the view . Well ? I invited him over to watch our television set tonight . You don 't mind , do you ? Celes , Celes ... Respond . Celes , respond . You 're not sick . Yes , I am . No , you 're not . Really ... I am . We have to sleep . I can 't go on this mission . Yes , you can . No , I can 't . - Yes . - No . Bye . Wait . See ? It 's nothing . It 's a fever . Your temperature is .2 degrees above normal . That 's right . A typical deviation easily prompted by emotional stress . Or a multiphasic prion . You have not been infected by a prion . They attach themselves to the mitochondrial walls , and they just ... I 've already scanned you . You can barely see them . They aren 't there . If they migrate to my cell membranes while I 'm on the away mission , they could rupture and I ... Crewman , I am not giving you a medical excuse ... not this time . Try to get some sleep . You shouldn 't even have a medical tricorder . Believe me ... you 'll be so caught up in the excitement of exploration , there won 't be any time for worrying about infections , mitochondrial or otherwise . There 's nothing like an away mission to remind a person of why we 're out here . I 'm going to one - quarter impulse . Should I start the sensor sweeps ? We don 't want to miss anything . Engine status ? Within parameters . That wasn 't us . Anything on sensors ? .005 fluctuation in the spatial continuum . It looks like simple background noise . I agree . Anybody for lunch ? Are you volunteering , William ? Yes , ma 'am . I 'll help . What would you like , Captain ? Mortimer ? Even my mother didn 't call me that . Well , then , Mr. Harren , are you hungry ? No . Thank you . I 'll have the pasta soup . It should be listed under Neelix 651 . Maybe I 'll try that , too . I 'm sure you 'll like it . I 'm sure I will . Thanks for the suggestion . I 'd better get back there . Neelix 651 , two servings . Neelix 651 , two servings . What 's wrong ? The Captain checks every single thing I do . Oh ... that 's just standard procedure . Then , why isn 't it standard procedure for you or Harren ? Maybe she 's giving you special attention . Yeah , because she knows I need it . I wish I could go back to Voyager . Me , too . There 's always the escape pods . Can you imagine ? I understand you grew up on Vico V. No wonder you became a cosmologist . Wildest sky in the Alpha Quadrant . So they say . I 've never been there . Do you really believe that childhood environment is more important than genetically driven behavior patterns ? Just making conversation . Conversation filled with unspoken assumptions , which I don 't agree with . I 'm a product of my nucleic acids . Where and how I was raised are beside the point , so if you 're trying to understand me better , questions about my home planet are irrelevant . All right , then . How 's your 13th chromosome ? Missing a couple of base pairs in gene 178 ? I signed onto Voyager because I needed a year of hands - on experience . It was a requirement for getting into the Institute of Cosmology on Orion I . If we hadn 't gotten lost in the Delta Quadrant , I 'd be there right now . Sorry to have delayed your career plans , but all of us have had our lives interrupted . That 's the nature of space exploration . It 's unpredictable . Which is why I don 't like space exploration . Stumbling from star to star like a - a drunken insect careening toward a light source is not my idea of a dignified existence . Pure theory is all that concerns me . Well , I 'm not trying to change that . I 'm simply trying to get every member of my crew working to their full capacity . That includes you , Mr. Harren . You don 't feel responsible , Captain ... for having three misfits aboard your ship ? Well , if there 's anything I can do to help relieve your guilt ... please let me know . I 'll keep that in mind . Maybe I will join my colleagues for lunch . All this exploration has given me an appetite . Computer , identify the source of that spatial fluctuation . Source unknown . Red Alert ! Aft section , report ! Report ! Captain , are you all right ? We need to get propulsion back on line and figure out what hit us . What 's out there ? I don 't know , but whatever it was , it tore a plating section off the outer hull . 90 percent of our antimatter 's been neutralized . The reaction 's cold . So much for warp drive . I 'm bringing the impulse engines on line , but they 've been damaged . We 'll be able to do one - eighth impulse , no more . That should get us to the rendezvous point with Voyager in about ten years . Think they 'll wait for us ? is the subspace transmitter on line ? Voyager , this is the Delta Flyer . We 've been hit by an unknown phenomenon and taken heavy damage . We require immediate assistance . Repeat : we require immediate assistance . Transmit that continuously on all subspace frequencies . Anything on active scans ? Not yet . It was a dark - matter protocomet . I read a paper on that phenomenon once . Written by me . Well , enlighten us , Mr. Harren . I hypothesized that a tertiary product of stellar consolidation would be a comet - like assemblage of dark matter . It would be attracted to any source of antimatter and neutralize it upon contact . So , one of these things detected the antimatter in our warp core ? The term " detected " suggests a consciousness . This is a mindless astrophysical phenomenon , nothing more . We should eject our remaining antimatter or we could suffer another impact . I can 't do that , not on the basis of an unproven hypothesis . The forces involved are nontrivial - - if we 're hit again , we could lose our entire outer hull . Eject the warp core , and we lose any hope of getting warp drive back . I need more evidence , and right now , sensors aren 't talking . Maybe they are talking , but somebody doesn 't know how to listen to them . You 're out of line , crewman . This isn 't the time to be worried about her feelings , Captain . We 're in trouble . Captain , that hull plate - - it 's less than ten kilometers away . lmpact from a dark - matter body might 've left a quantum signature in the alloys . That 's the evidence we 're looking for . Do we have transporters ? Yes , I 've locked on to the plate . Beam it directly to the aft section . Celes , you 're with me . Continue the repairs . No sign of burns ... or plasma residue . It seems to have been sheared off . Download this into the main computer . Captain , I 'm sorry . For what ? I thought that spatial fluctuation we ran into was background noise . Some noise . I saw the same sensor readings you did and came to the same conclusion . You don 't have to doubt yourself all the time . Yes , I do , and you should , too . You 're right to always be looking over my shoulder . We all make mistakes , even me . Every day ? Every time you report for duty ? On Voyager , it doesn 't matter , because nothing I do is that critical . Seven doesn 't trust me with anything important . The crew is protected from my mistakes by the people around me , but ... out here I could get us killed . You went through Starfleet training courses . I had to cram for every exam . At the Academy , I was infamous for my all - nighters . Every night ? Because that 's what it took . That 's the only way I made it through . Not to mention the sympathy votes . The conflict on Bajor worked in my favor . The Federation was so eager to have Bajorans in Starfleet that my instructors gave me the benefit of the doubt . So did you , when you accepted my application . You showed evidence of unconventional thinking . I liked that . Not everybody would 've thought to retrieve that hull plating . Well , just don 't trust me with the analysis . I guarantee I 'll get it wrong . Well , with that attitude , I 'm sure you will . This has nothing to do with attitude , Captain . You and I are wired differently . To you , this is nothing but data . To me , it ... it 's a monster with - with fangs and claws . In my nightmares , I am chased by algorithms . My brain just wasn 't built to understand this . We can find you another post on Voyager . There isn 't another post on Voyager , not for me ... unless you need a waitress in the Mess Hall . You know ... there 's more to duty than the ability to manipulate algorithms . Everybody on Voyager has showed a courage far beyond what I could 've expected . So have you . If we were still in the Alpha Quadrant , would that be enough to keep me on board ? I can 't answer that . I don 't deserve to be on your ship , Captain . And I 'm not really a part of Voyager . I just live there . Pressure 's increasing . The EPS relays are fused . Cut the plasma flow . Cut the plasma ... ! I could 've been killed . What 's wrong with you ? Everything . If you want something to fantasize about , try imagining how it 'll feel if our hull is breached and we die of vacuum exposure . Our blood will vaporize , and our cell membranes will rupture . Surely you know the symptoms better than I do . Let 's not talk about it , all right ? Nothing disagrees with me more than having to put theories into practical use , but there 's no choice , so pay attention to what we 're doing here . You can check yourself into Sick Bay when we get back . And you can go back to Deck 15 . That 's right ... where l don 't have to rely on you or your intellectually deficient friend . At least I have a friend . Don 't you ever get lonely down there ? In the company of my own thoughts ? Never . I don 't believe that . Spend some time with us when we get back . You might enjoy yourself . A hypothesis that would require testing . I 'm a theoretician , remember ? Captain 's Log , Delta Flyer , Stardate 537 64.3 . We 've been running on minimal power for six hours . Still no response to our distress call , and no answers from the computer on what hit us . For now , it looks like we 're on our own . Our scans of the hull fragment were inconclusive . We found some displaced positrons that could indicate a dark - matter impact . But could 've been caused by something else ? Proof enough . Not enough for me . Not enough to jettison the remaining antimatter . There 's a gas giant only a few hours from our current position . T - class , surrounded by orbital rings , including one that 's radiogenic . We could use those particles to reinitialize our warp reaction . With ten percent of our antimatter left , we 'd only be able to make warp 2 , but it would be enough to get us back on the road . Set a course . Another spatial fluctuation . Can you localize it ? It 's somewhere within the distance of 10,000 kilometers . Another one , closer , about 7,000 kilometers . It 's being drawn toward our antimatter . Eject the core . Open a channel . All hailing frequencies . This is Captain Janeway of the Federation Vessel Delta Flyer . We are on a mission of peaceful exploration . Please identify yourself . No response . Of course not . It 's a natural phenomenon . Captain , we only have a few seconds . I 'm firing a photon torpedo . There 's enough antimatter in the detonation chamber to draw that protocomet , if that 's what it is . The torpedo 's away . Distance : 1,000 kilometers . 1,500 . No spatial disruptions . Find the source of that sound . Oh , no . That 's not possible . Where is he ? I can 't locate his bio - signature . He 's not out there . He 's not in space , not in subspace . It doesn 't make sense . Inside ... me ... Activate the transporter . Try to get a lock on whatever 's inside him . Tricorder isn 't picking up anything . But I can feel it . I - l can 't get a lock . It 's like something 's there , but it 's not there . Oh , it 's there . Unfortunately , I have to agree . Obviously , whatever hit us was no protocomet. I was wrong . Maybe you weren 't , not entirely . Sensors can 't scan it ; transporters can 't lock on to it . Maybe this is some kind of dark - matter life - form . That 's impossible . Molecules that complex would collapse under their own weight . They could never support life . Might be time to revise your theory . Where did they take you ? I don 't know . It was dark . God , I could feel breathing all around me . Did anyone try to communicate with you ? I couldn 't see . I tried to say something , but there wasn 't enough air . I tried to move , but something was pressing down on me . The hypospray - - tetrovaline . It 'll put me out . If I sedate you , it could lower your immune response , and you need to stay conscious . Do you understand ? Billy ... if it wanted to kill you , it would 've done it by now . It never would 've sent you back here . Maybe it was trying to scan you or something . If it wanted to get to know me better ... it should 've just asked me out for a drink . Celes . Keep an eye on him . Harren . I 'm setting a course for those rings . Shunt as much power as you can to the impulse engines . We never should 've left Voyager . I 've got news for you , crewman . Voyager isn 't exactly a safe haven . We 've been chased across the Quadrant by far worse than whatever 's out there - - the Vidiians , Species 8472 , the Borg - - but I guess if somebody 's hiding down on Deck 15 , they may not be aware of it . I wasn 't meant to be an explorer . And I wasn 't meant to guide a ship across an unknown Quadrant . Then we 're both victims of circumstance . Oh , I 've seen things I 've never imagined , grown closer to people than I ever thought possible . I wouldn 't call myself a victim , and I wouldn 't trade the last six years for anything . Then you 've been deluded by the inexhaustible human capacity to avoid the truth . You 're the one hiding , not me . I 've got you three more percentage points of impulse . I 'll take it . Setting a course . Isn 't there any part of you that feels a bond with the rest of us ? When we escape from the Borg or discover a new type of star , don 't you feel some pride of accomplishment ? When you 're in the Mess Hall , alone at your table in the corner , don 't you see the friendships around you and wish even for a microsecond you were part of them ? You don 't know me at all . No , but I 'd like to . That was the whole point of this mission . But I guess it hasn 't worked out like I planned . Incoming transmission . Source ? It 's a Starfleet frequency . Must be Voyager . ... the Delta Flyer . ... phenomenon hit by an ... ... heavy damage . Repeat : require , require immediate ... immediate , immediate ... Flyer , Flyer , Flyer , Flyer ... Subspace echo . Maybe not . There 's a .005 deviation in the carrier wave . That 's the same degree of spatial fluctuation left by our pursuers . They 're sending our distress signal back to us . Modified . They might be trying to communicate . ... Delta Flyer , Flyer , Flyer . ... hit by an unknown phenomenon , unknown . They 're taunting us . Not necessarily . Try to adjust the universal translator for ... Captain ! He went right through the force field . Billy , what are you doing ? It 's activating my motor neurons . I can 't make it stop . I 'm sorry , Captain . You 've got to stop it . No . It 's okay , Billy , it 's okay . It 's okay . It 's in here . It 's tapping into our systems . Wait. lt may be trying to communicate . It 's into our environmental controls . We 've got to stop it . Hold your fire ! What the hell is wrong with you ? It was trying to kill us . - You don 't know that . - We were at risk . I gave you a direct order . What if you were wrong ? I could hear its thoughts . Explain . When it left me ... I could hear what it was thinking . " Do not belong . " That 's what it said : " Do not belong . " We don 't belong here . Or it didn 't belong in the Delta Flyer . Maybe that 's why it was tapping into the environmental controls . It was trying to survive in a place it didn 't belong . That 's speculation . Based on direct observation . You murdered an alien being and destroyed any chance we had to make first contact . We just lost another section of hull . How far are we from the gas giant ? 200,000 kilometers . I 'm taking the Flyer into the radiogenic ring . With any luck , they won 't follow . We can 't survive in there for more than a few minutes . That should be enough to reinitialize the warp core . Start continuous transport of radiogenic particles directly into the reaction chamber . When it 's approaching critical mass , let me know . Watch for any sign of pursuit . How are you doing ? I always had this alarm in my head , sort of an internal Red Alert . It was like a warning system that would tell me I was sick or dying ... of something . Mitochondrial prions , food poisoning , a head cold . It was always there . And now it 's not ? It 's gone . I don 't understand . Maybe I do . When I was a girl , I was afraid of the ocean . I liked to swim , but , uh , in a pool or a pond , where l knew exactly what was beneath me . But in the open water , with no way to know what was down there ... it scared me to death . It wasn 't until my first year at the Academy , after I went through zero - G training in the Coral Sea ... that I finally got over it . I think you just came up from your first deep dive . They 're in pursuit . Three minutes , 20 seconds to intercept . We 'll need twice that to reinitialize warp reaction . Get into the escape pods . Captain . Plot a course away from the planet . I 'm going to fire a phaser volley and hopefully set off a chain reaction of the radiogenic particles . It might be enough to disable our friends . You 'll be disabled , too . Not if I go to full thrusters and keep in front of the shock wave . If I don 't make it , head for the L - Class moon in the next system . You could survive there for weeks if you have to - - enough time for Voyager to pick up your distress signal . Now get moving . No . You 'll have a better chance if we 're with you . Go . We might not have contributed much on Voyager , but what we do here matters . We 're the crew here , and the crew does not abandon its captain . All right , it 's your choice . Then I 'll be going alone . Good luck . Charge phaser banks . Stand by to divert all power to thrusters . Escape Pod 1 is occupied and ready , Captain . Launch Pod 1 . Escape pod away . How close are our pursuers ? 65 seconds to intercept . Stand by to fire . Captain , the escape pod is altering course . It 's heading for the aliens . Janeway to Harren . What are you doing ? If they have to deal with me , it should give you a few more seconds to get away . That 's my theory , anyway . Resume your escape course now . It 's too late for that . You made a mistake , Harren . Don 't make another one . I 'm done hiding , Captain . A few seconds of exposure to real life ... maybe I 'll understand what I 've been missing . He closed the channel . Get a transporter lock on that pod . I - l can 't . We 're out of range . More power to the thrusters . Celes . We 're still not close enough . Thrusters at maximum . Got him . Fire . Shock wave approaching . Contact in four ... three ... two ... one . More or less . My crew ... Easy . They 're sleeping . No serious injuries . Everyone 's all right ... though you gave us a good scare for a while . We received your distress call . We found the Flyer drifting above a gas giant . You were all unconscious . Any sign of ... another vessel or some kind of entity ? No . What happened ? The Good Shepherd went after some lost sheep and ran into a wolf . Did she find them ? I think she did .
