 FTP 1984 If our gods and our hopes are nothing but scientific phenomena , then it must be said that our love is scientific as well - " L 'Eve Future " Observer 202 Arrival on the accident site Now start the live broadcasting What 's the situation ? 52 minutes ago , In that apartment , the first site , The victim was murdered , Killer ran away In the second site , 2 police officers were killed All entrances blocked , We 're starting a siege in 2 minutes Damned officers of 9th Section There will be more casualty now . Telecom got in , Do we need information support ? First Police , here comes Telecom agents We must be very careful Help me Help me About Robot Murder There has been 8 murders during this week All victims have reset their robots All of them are Model 2050 from Rox Corporation The model is a test version for evaluation only . The customers got one for free after signing a contract with Rox Now all the machines were recalled According to reports There is nothing wrong with these machines just such kind of explanation New model robots attacked their masters for unexplained reasons The producer recalled these machines in a panic They now face charges from the victims ' family Some mistakes could result in many lawsuits and huge compensation fees So that is why the 9th Section was authorized to handle this problem Do you understand ? It 's your duty to understand Now there are 2 reasons for 9th Section 's intervention First , None of victims ' families have taken any action All accidents alike have been imparled between both sides Two of the victims are politicians And one is a retired police officer Considering such a possibility the 9th Section will face a challenge It 's our duty to investigate this case Let 's start from the victims First you must check the machines with problems Don 't ask anything , just go I want to tell you , I am not a volunteer There are so much that I should learn from you , Major I don 't think so We lost all traces This person only has his brain for nature part It 's not likely that this man exists as a human being His arm , leg and computer are spare parts from the government The classified information in the computer , and all similar to this , Belonged to the government They are eager to reclaim the memory so his life was not belonged to himself Where shall we start ? Rox Corporation is located to the north We 'd better start our investigation there It 's you ! About the robot destroyed by that madam yesterday Two of our young men were killed also You shouldn 't forget this We 've come here directly for this Identification Room is located on the right side of 19th floor corridor Need me to show you the way ? No , thanks . I don 't come here for amusement Destruction pursues the great especially at the easiest moment It is a hard time for you To be arranged to one trouble team but it seems you don 't hate this position It 's terrible for me to remember my previous appearance This is not your mirror 's fault The mirror only makes you confused We can be reference with one another It 's pointless to come frequently I don 't have to cooperate . I will arrest you if you don 't cooperate . I am from 9th Section Who 's the horrible man you are talking with ? The guy who blasted the robot All of it with a .50 caliber gun So the damaged robot could be easy to recover 2 policemen of 3 are victims The robots tried to commit suicide before murder All right ? What 's this about suicide ? Halloway Miss Halloway , What about suicide ? If the machine failed Is it possible for them to attack people ? This situation has been considered by Three Laws of Robot So they should be harmless to people It is called Self-Existence The better description should be self-destruction , no ? Thinking made human beings different from machines Is the self-destruction a special function for this model ? That 's not completely right Those years , more gadgets for robots appeared in haste we have too many human-shaped robots Why ? Virus , Microbe Pollution Man-made mistakes during production Problems due to age Many reasons , but But what ? The main reason is that people discard robots They tire of old robots Keep buying newer models And then discard them when problem occurs However Robots do not want to be discarded Is that true ? Human beings are different from robots but it 's not as simple as black and white Humankind is selfish Industry robots are mostly different from humans But domestic robots are deeply affected by utilitarianism and pragmatism Why they are human-shaped ? Based on the most ideal human body Why this decision ? It 's to make a robot in his own image . Have you got children ? One daughter Children always violate adult regulation They have egos Acting with consciousness for themselves When human being is a child What 's his role in exploration ? with a human body , or human-shaped ? Although all girls love dolls , those dolls are not for practicing Girls don 't practice baby-sitting They just try to find common places between doll games and baby-sitting What are you talking about ? Baby-sitting a kid implies making a human , by a human That 's an old dream That 's the shortest way to realize this dream I don 't agree with this idea Children are not dolls ! humankind and machine , difference is a life-form and nonlife-form A doll is the same as my daughter who died when she was 5 years old I named her France , and loved her deeply Some people told me the same thing Shall we change to a realistic topic ? About the Model 2050 Robot from ROX corporation I would like to know more about it That 's all right High quality products Although these are test versions They are special mode Special mode ? Yeah , with some unnecessary parts What kind of parts ? Sexual function just for immoral interest Is this illegal ? All right , so their family doesn 't charge When the robot is reset , their data bank will erase all information The producer did this just to protect their technology , just a common measure But But what ? But the voice data will be kept , you want to hear ? Help me Help me , Help me Help me , Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help Thanks for your help Hi ... May I ask a question ? I neither gave any birth nor baby-sat any kid That means , I never registered my ovum Thank you , Miss Don 't call me Miss She didn 't look like a technical grandmom who only writes her emotions in report sheets I often wrote report sheets too Don 't you think our investigation is going to slow ? Anyway , you must protect that computer for 9th Section The relationship with grandmother was over Who 's your ideal woman ? Actually , I like women older than me And ? There are so many in the street Keeper .. 09 calling 907 Accident 602 in 201 area The victim is a Keeper of ROX The team will be there within 2 minutes 907 roger The spring always pass quickly Just you ? Koka and Lukuou will be back after a sandwich snack Leisure guys This is the situation 22 minutes ago How did you teach these rookies ? There is nothing more important than teaching Read the situation now This is the victim 's image Jack Walkson , Keeper Director of ROX Corporation 54 years old He lost contact with other people after asking leave 5 days ago This robot 's contract ended 3 days ago Weapons used by criminal are kitchen knives We checked neighbourhood parking records Try to verify with underground force Seven cards are found in victim 's jacket We are now looking for their source What ? .38 calibre pistol It seems no one has used the gun recently Was this a meaningless waste ? Maybe some smart guy faked it 969 calling 906 We will arrive in 20 seconds Don 't play a joke on me The rest of the work depends on you 907 calling 09 We leave site to 969 09 Roger Today is my daughter 's birthday But I have bought nothing Let me drive you back You 've made a mistake , Ishikawa Me too A daughter 's birthday is the most important You looked happy It 's the first time you didn 't talk nonsense Because the body was incomplete , so I come OK , help yourself , we are leaving Why give the case to local police ? Because that guy is involved We found it , in the refrigerator Heart , liver , kidney and pancreas This asshole After half a year , fresh dog food has been dry You call this food ? You were his partner , weren 't you ? I would rather go with a recruit than him There are only complaints with him You are a partner less tough than Major What Ishikawa , you talk too much lately See you Batou What 's up ? Maybe dry dog food was not that bad Considering nutrition balance , that would be a good choice Impact to the neckbone has caused rupture and death Kitchen knives aren 't the cause of death , They were used for dismembeing the body So the killer dismembered the body after murder That seems to be true The stuff we found in the refrigerator are the victim 's bowels He suffered from gastritis , and hepatocirrhosis due to chronic alcoholism Why did the killer disassemble the victim 's body in this detailed way ? The killer may be a psycho Or it indicates a strong desire to revenge Then the killer wasn 't professional And that twisted door handle ? Analysis report suggests it 's created by a NR26 artificial arm , made in China crab pincers shape Is that for military purpose ? It should be inferior model from black market And all the pictures were confirmed What about the car ? A mulit-illegal modified car ... The conclusion ? According to parking records , The car belongs to a violent organization , Human Society It 's bullet-proofed This car has appeared several times in previous cases What a Human Society ! Illegally produced What 's their motive ? What the hell does Human Society want ? This was an old , voilent Japanese organization Drugs , prostitutes , gambling They 're a part of all kinds of illegal business 3 days ago , captain tried to arrest their boss Now he is in charge of this case How could they make this decision ! In organization , only the revenger of a predecessor 's death could be recognized as the successor Another question Could the victim foresee his death ? What 's the reason for him to lurk in Human Society ? All computer data is erased This is also your investigation object Is the killer using robots to mislead our investigation ? At this time , all victims have no relationship with each other , or political-concerned And we almost have nothing to show for it . Adding this case , you first investigate these victims Other people return to previous positions . Dismissed Dukusa Come to my office before you leave What 's the situation ? Anyway , we must find the relationship between Human Society and Rox Corporation About Batou It is very important to undertake psychological interactive verification But I am not a computer psychologist You don 't need to change professions when trying to comprehend another subject . You have family ? Now do you feel happy ? Yeah .. that is it Most people are between happy and unhappy It 's touching They never give up their will for survival What do you mean ? When I saw that guy , I remembered Major before her missing Solitary makes Evil need few things Just like the elephant in the forest Director , why did you choose me ? You were recommended by the local department What does this mean ? You don 't need to change professions when trying to comprehend another subject . That is right You cannot live with the rule of a great man Shall we start a war ? You don 't need to change into a rascal if you are going to rascal 's place Weapons are necessary We should prepare before going out What ? Listen to my words Do you hate gangs ? Very much I do too I can only tell you this I told you , we are going to a gang 's place We don 't need to change into gangsters but a weapon is necessary I have a family A bachelor could be better We 'll go together We are partners , so you 'd better tell me your plan Listen to me , Don 't fire unless you have to Ok ? I got it Let 's go , partner What , is that you ? Bring him here Don 't shoot I said unless you have to Go , go Come on Image ? Did he intend to mislead our eyesight ? I hate these computers What 's the matter ? How can we attack in this dark and narrow staircase ? Rush fast , I 'll go first I 'll go first , you 're too big Eh ? This bomb is a gift for you In such a wide riot You can 't even kill 2 people with bullet-proofed vests Are you a woman ? This is not only for the death of Keeper Director Tell me everything about ROX Corporation , as much as you know Come on , crab shit , you 're not qualified to be my opponent That 's just an easy job , idiot Tell me where the Keeper Director is Or I will hit you with my hand I haven 't been there for 3 years I don 't even know what my predeccesors did in that corporation Partner , you still alive ? My wife and my daughter 's face became clear in my brain But this guy is neither your wife nor your daughter He is Death I told you to investigate But you made this illegal I don 't want you picking fights with gangsters . This city is not a jungle And you are not people-killing special agents Are you still angry ? NO I didn 't expect you 'd save my life After being your partner , I would die hundred times We 're an investigation team of 2 men Nobody cares what we did I have to find criminal evidence relating to the ROX Corporation So is that what you did ? If he is really angry , we should have been fired Now that should be enough Now excuse me . Trampled by Quillson You should reset the right arm by yourself Increase defense and the shooting integrity system It 's probably due to malfunction In this case , you should reset to default position Where 's my previous arm ? Don 't speak nonsense This arm is made with organic material , especially tuned to your DNA Overload usage may cause initialization Get out ! Wait Why do you have my dog ? I went to your home Couldn 't find the host but I did find a hungry dog That made me feel sorry for it . How generous of you to leave your dog alone . I took it to my home My daughter was happy , but my wife got angry because it soiled the carpet When did you put me under surveillance ? All right , that 's not your problem I don 't feel comfortable being watched But how can you ignore it ? If you hate , do not hate the old man Is it recreated ? Original breed should be stronger This breed is created by test-tube It comes from a most ancient breed Does this come from a computer , really ? What a persistent life That 's why I said dry dog food is better It 's its favorite And it 's only on sale in that store It looked happy , bouncing a lot You shot 5 bullets in that store He is not insane This man was a good hunter Besides the Major Shall I tell you the reason he missed my head ? They didn 't want to kill you , it was just a challenge You picked fighting in the place of Human Society Over 10 people dead or wounded The store was shot up in the same day Are you crazy , or is your computer malfunctional ? Wait , Did you feel attacked ? This matter was not an independent accident From this , we can understand The significance of 9th Section What he said is right We were ordered to continue investigation But we won 't need evidence hereafter And without any official support It seems that we have to go directly to ROX Corporation Quick victory keeps no secretary Go to the north as soon as possible The north ? 2 people are not enough And ... What about this dog ? This matter that I will take care of . And yet you still time to feed your dog . Come on , mind your own business The biggest information city in the eastern-most area A particularly prosperous economic zone Just this colony Nationalism evanesced in vagueness Now this place is a paradise for enterprise criminals Even Union Nations Cyber Police , and Telecom Agents from ASEAN can 't get their hands here I remembered those words , Act as an individual Represent with the same inheritance gene It looks like the nest of the spider Just like how an actinozoan changes into the coral reef Beautiful The essence of life lies in the continuance of genes What about social culture and expanded memory system The city looks like huge exterior memory sets There should be many people with this idea Adding me , the number could exceed the number of sand dust . It 's written in verse 139 , Psalms of the Old Testament I will check it It seems you are inclined to remember trivia . I don 't want to hear this again Now you are over ROX Corporation After a long trip , it 's about time for a visit Flight is over , we are in the process of landing They will fly as leaves during Autumn Gnarring to the chaos Now it is your turn , but we are not Satan Batou You 're great man now , my position has been yours I will never forget your kindness Never forget ? Forgive me , Mister Batou It 's inappropriate to call me Mister Forgive me , Please You are the benefactor of my whole life Do you know that asshole Kim ? I don 't know such a person Many people have this name The Kim I am looking for is unique In our business , we make promises There are 2 kinds One is for keeping a secret , The other is for keeping truth Both of them are promises , Which one is yours ? They say there is no honesty without secrets Let me ask again , Do you know that asshole Kim ? I don 't know such a person People are just like puppets on the stage Beginning from birth , Ending at death Puppet falls when the strings break And then ? They had been a long-term contractor with the Army A man can 't reach when he is at the top , or when he is under Just like a man lying on the roadside Regardless of whether they had been special force or electronic disturbance specialist Secret arm sale , and other achievements The come-off will be the same all roads end at the tomb A characteristic man It is impossible for a robot to chang into a horse after a field trip This asshole can only demolish everything around him Let 's go Batou , the highest sanctum We are late He escaped The brain has been burned out from attack and defense actions It doesn 't help . According to the will in my funeral , All artificial flowers and birds should be rejected Hey ! Don 't sleep like a dead man Confucius told us not to sleep like dead men I have no time for your nonsense It has been a long time since our last meeting Are you here for official business ? ROX Corporation They started Robot production from the very beginning Advanced robots brought a rapid expansion to this corporation Politicians and senior officers got their shares They became alert as the government paid attention to the business Assembly lines were shut down Perhaps they transferred assembly lines to that multi-flag ship And kept producing their robots Are you so depressed that you want to commit suicide ? It 's a big problem if true Eliminating human soul , producing human-shaped puppets I can 't imagine what they are thinking If there is a perfect man Like a body without a soul A body until final abrasion This is why Cyborg waste grows The human form is eternally beautiful No , they should not appear in the shape of a child . Because human beings have incomplete perception It is impossible for them to understand the inconsistency of reality They have neither this consciousness Nor the unlimited tendency Only robots or a God can make this true Shall we talk about official business ? No .. There is only one creature who can be compared with a robot or God Is it animal ? Lavrock A creature with self-consciousness stronger than we are . With no negative emotions A happy unconsciousness To these birds depending on fruit It is even harder than becoming God Changing into dolls as the dead That is the reason You don 't know death before you know life Confucius said something like this There are few people who understand Death Most people keep unconscious , they are used to a stupid life People don 't even have purposes for dying . Their lives fade away while waiting for death . So Kim chose to change himself into a full cyborg And then ? They had been special force , or electronic disturbance specialist Secret arm sale , and other achievements All will be ended at the tomb A characteristic man It is impossible for a robot to change into a horse after a field trip Let 's go Batou ! Compliments to people who shall die today Sounds like an advertisement Hey ! It makes people uncomfortable I got it Look outside , these things look alive Are they really alive ? Thinking again These lifeless things seem alive Where does a robot 's pain come from ? They are robots made by human beings Very simple material made by human beings The terror to reset a robot is just the essence of human being A shadow between existence and non-existence Stop that , let 's talk about official business It 's also a science to know life We created this terror by ourselves In nature , humankind is too young It 's quite simple to reset a machine made by a human being " They are trying to make persistent active specimen " From an 18th century robotics theory Because the realization of computerization and cyborgs Even the appearance of exterior memory sets The biological limitation of humankind was broken through excessive self-mechanization Humanity has overcome Darwin 's Natural Selection Human beings have overcame evolution by their own means . Sublimation of consciousness Born from self-consciousness A dream to go beyond Nature Replacing the body with hardware That 's the beginning of a Nightmare God is always located in geometry Let 's go Batou ! What do you feel ? Who am I ? In a computer-like maze , you are confused by computer Fortune comes with Misfortune 3 times Don 't look at anything before you want it Don 't listen to anything Just wait for the end So we visited this place 3 times The first omen should be the final end ? There is no time for explanation When did you find out ? We are fooled by the swindler who is waiting for our arrival You can be an electronic specialist but I am an elite spy with my guardian watching over me You stupid , clumsy exterior memory sets Check your memory If that is really this robot wrote " AEMAETH " on the ground That means getting energy from truth But when the prefix " AE " was erased , we saw " MEATH " That means death , from dust to dust . That 's not real Our trap has been intruded What the hell ! It is faked as real So I told you it is my guardian The game is over , Kim , show yourself This guy is just an ordinary robot Kim , you cannot defeat me Batou , is this a fake too ? Not real ? Have you got enough confidence ? My ghost Humanity is pursuing the dream of life Is it a dream or a ghost ? All non-existence I am a man useless , the same as you I wear shoes different from you I don 't believe in ghosts Are you suffering from schizophrenia ? I have to destroy your remains Prepare for death Your physical functions will cease eh ... eh ... Is it really a physical reset phenomenon ? It is neither memory nor imagination It 's what it should be You have to understand before you go further The time cannot be saved , so it is hard Memory shared computerization along with exterior memory sets When you go home Are the wife and daughter real ? Or I am just a lonely individual ? Or am I just making up the dream of a family ? Is there any way to make sure ? I knew , but for what ? I have to know his purpose I come here for work That 's an experience of virtual image When I get freaked in the food store Maybe it is caused by computerization just like what Ishikawa said Such a realistic guy may not be here The same idea I expected this from the beginning They wanted to intrude us Kim , this man is smart We will lose if he escapes Who 's your guardian angel ? He is gone In the cyber world In huge network systems , there is one area which integrates all domains You want to verify your existence ? You got a daughter When we are in the jungle Kim knew this I am sure of one thing What is it ? I am your partner Are you afraid ? It 's not like what you are thinking I want to go back alive , to my daughter But you cannot leave your job undone Shall we continue ? I will collect all data evidence for ROX Corporation 's guilt If this accusation is successful All computer rules must be broken up Our investigation was illegal The matter caused serial murders We have to find evidence for criminal penalty But Kim cut off all clues No His computer is linked to ROX Corporation We must capture all of them and destroy them . People have always been talking about doing the right thing . Now is time for battle Violence comes after the failure of negotiation Hey , this explanation is different from our trip to gangster place He is here I expect nothing from you Birds fly in the air fishes dive in the water Get contacted I knew Use this body to finish something It is deep here , very dangerous I had a friend who liked diving very much What ? I don 't know what you are thinking May I introduce Lin as your girl friend ? No one goes back alive from that ship I don 't know what you 're thinking Just go ahead Hold fast Contact after 12 seconds The disturbance signal will feed back for 2 seconds only Understood This guy is linked to the Security Director 's computer Synchronization Initialized Send back more information if you get in Just follow me Of course , the older one started invasion , recording began You are not a lovely guy Intruder ! 2nd level security system reset Computer activity searching initialized in all facility Searching for virus in memory , initialized Searching for delayed virus and interactive surveillance Linking to Director impossible Reset as soon as possible System Reset finished 2nd level security system initialized Figuring intruder 's waypoints Strengthening defense wall Supplementing antibody Virus checking Anti-spy game initialized Searching for lurking virus , full-scale No. 014 wall broken No. 032 wall error , error code 280 Quarantining affected area , initialized 1st level exterior defense wall rebuilt Identifying enemy 's attack mode Virus transfer started Retreat ! Your brain will be too dangerous to keep cool Wait , let me try again Shit , they are using this damned method ! Assembly Lines Unfinished Project Only accessible for authorized Confirmed as unidentified lurking virus Stop him with all anti-body Virus tracing unavailable All facility in resetting , Linking with system unavailable Battle arm loading system , initialized Warning ... abnormal body active in line THO7 All security armed Move to that line , repeat .. Soul Phenomenon happened Haven 't see you for a time , Major What should I call you ? This is only a part of me , through satellite There is not enough capacity in this computer I can only load battle system and arm defense system So I have to spare emotion and voice 50 meters away from here there should be an emergency terminal We can linkup there and capture all system Nothing changed Hurry up , I 'll take care of this place Just like before " Who gives me a mirror " " The ghost will be visible in the mirror " It is not the time for reflection We don 't have much ammo left " Real time mirror can tell " Hey , are you ok ? This ship will be ours , it is just a matter of time Linked to supply terminal system Stop arm function before full control We can only depend on Batou 's .30 gun Ammo reserve , only 1 magazine It seems our opponent will not surrender It 's begun Abnormal linking activity in ship In ship ? Tracing for linking point , defense action started Too many signals from multiple terminals No computer activity increased at all terminal Checking for all exterior linking point All linking points cut off except base facility All exterior physical parts isolated from this ship Emergency defense system inaccessible Long distance initialization failed Expansive Virus get in concourse Defense of system area failed System reset ready 1st level data quarantine started Many linking points found in the core system Interactive tracing failed All exterior links cut off This ship is under control Are we successful ? Now this ship is no longer controlled by the north The nearest country sent force is coming in This ship could incriminate ROX Do we still have time for investigation ? Found Naval frigate They are informed Finally Shall we go to see the true face of ROX Corporation Have you already known it ? Batou , you want to go with us ? No voice , electronic wave screened out Ghost face They can produce many animal examples but that will destroy the brain This technology was prohibited The Human Society supplies children who will be neutralized here They become ghost faces eventually That is the secret Help me Help me You come to save me at last , Walkson told me He said , the police will come to save me I came here when I was in the 4th grade , Suvalla was in the 5th grade I can hear nothing , or say nothing The murdered Director modified the robot program for this child but he was killed soon Nobody will notice this without robot case Then who will save me ? We did not expect sacrifice It seems unreal How could it be , if a robot has no soul I can 't imagine But .. But .. I never wanted to be a robot " When you cried for birds , you cried for yourself " " People with voice is happy " If a robot has his own voice He may cry , I don 't want to be human being Ask yourself now do you feel happy ? This scene has put me in a reminiscent mood I don 't have this feeling , at least not now " Solitary rejects evil " " Need few things " " Just like the elephant in forest " Don 't forget , Batou When you get online I will be with you Bye That ship is out Your guardian angel ? Need me to write a report ? I will pick you up at 8 : 20am tomorrow I cannot get back without a gift Do you want to come in ? I 'm indifferent to family parties . Dad ! Have you got any gift for me ? I did not forget this
