 1897 , Lota , Chile . Here , beneath the sea , thousands of men . One generation after the next , have toiled beneath the land , extracting coal for the mining company We 're going to need at least twice as many wheelbarrows . Firedamp ! Stop working ! Explosion ! Help ! Son ? Miguel ? My son ? I told you that the Chiflón would be the death of him ! Leave him alone . Fernando ! Let me go , dammit ! Somebody had to do something to stop this unending atrocity . Somebody had to tell the worl about life underground . Based on the novel by the same name written by Baldomero Lillo . A gloomy silence interrupted by the occasional distant weeping spread across the land and blew through the air , jarring hearts like an omen of death . What 's the matter , nephew ? I 'm scared , uncle , my brother looks green . I am so sorry , sister . Thank you . Fernando Shall we go on , miss ? There 's a barbecue Sunday at the Tavern . Sunday is for resting , old man . Are you going to keep up this stupidity , Jonas ? Better that being scared to death like you sissies . Stop stirring things up , they 're watching you . Oh ! Virginia . Godmother , I 'm so glad to see you . I brought you letters from your children Where 's my mother ? Is she better ? When ? Why didn 't you tell me ? The tuberculosis took her away in a few days , ... you were already on your way . Luis brought in the best doctor from Concepción , but it was all in vain . Your mother was a very well-loved teacher ... in this town , a lot of people went to her funeral . Electricity , my friend , the power to light up the night . The truth is I don 't understand much about this strange new invention . It 's simple my friend , the world changes , new technology , new ideas . It 's called progress . You wanted to talk to me , Don Luis . Looks like its time to stop dreaming . Five more dead . Really , Davis , the new chiflón has got me worried . It was a firedamp explosion , an accident . Too many accidents , maybe we should close it . No ! The ground is tough , but the lode is rich , better than the others . Alright , we 'll look into it , you can go Davis . What , didn 't you hear me ? ! The miners are going to meet in Lota . And what 's so terrible about that ? A group of anarchist agitators are stirring things up in Concepción . They 've taken over general stores , it could spread here . OK , take care of it . But be discreet . Fernando Gutiérrez . Fernando Gutiérrez . This is a lot less than what I earned . You have twenty cents in fines , they deducted 11 wheelbarrows with impurities . Ramiro Galdames . Ramiro Galdames , fifteen days at ten cents , you have a five cent fine for three wheelbarrows . A five cent fine ? Here 's what 's left . But that 's hardly anything , sir . This is not the complaints department . Guards ! Take him away ! How many tokens did you get ? Look , the assholes , thieves . Don 't get annoyed , mate , let 's get some drinks . The unyielding struggle without respite quickly turned the youngest and strongest into decrepit old men . There in the damp hole , backs were bent and muscles gave out , but hunger , hunger had a sting far worse than the whip . Taken from the bowels of the earth itself . Fernando , my friend , you remembered , thank you . What do you want this rock for , Don Baldomero ? Let 's just say inspiration . So you 're still sitting around killing time . Yes , I was just scribbling a few things down . What are you writing ? Stop with all the questions . Apologize to the kid . You know these are my things , I don 't like ... Why so short-tempered , mate ? Show him . Read it . No , I can 't . You read it . Let 's see : Crawling along on their hands and knees , the miners moved deeper into the narrow tunnels . Incessant pounding could be heard everywhere , the dull thud of the pick wearing away at the lode . Dull laments arose from the pits where the passing glow from the lamps flickered on and off like dauntless beacons in the shadows of the night . Pretty ! Hey , but I don 't understand a damn thing . It 's just a rough draft . One day I 'll have to go down in the pit and see the mine for myself . I 'll get you whatever you need right away . You better take care of these customers . Come on Baldomero , dammit , less talk and more business . What do the gentlemen want ? I want a sack of flour . Ma 'am , what would you like ? I 'll have a large packet of yerba mate , please . Don 't you have any more tokens ? No mate , no more tokens . The boss said if he catches me selling on credit he 'll fire me . What 's going on over there , Baldomero ? No no , sir , nothing . Don Baldomero , so does your boss know you 're writing that stuff ? Of course not , that 's my private business . Then give us the goods or otherwise . Alright . What did you say you wanted ? A sack of flour for me please , Don Baldomero . Here 's your sack of flour , sir . And a large packet of yerba mate for me . Please , Baldomero . Please . Here you go . Now get out of here you shameless rogues , traitors , get out of here , blackmailers . Thank you Baldomero . Hey don 't complain so much , you 'll go grey . You watch it ! You have no respect ! The dauntless beacons arose from the depths . How are you Don Juan ? Virginia . Yes ? Can you come here a minute ? Let 's go . I 'd like you to try this wine from our vineyard in Santiago . Try it Virginia , this wine is Luis 's pride and joy . Come here , my child . So what do you think of this gem , this is my pride and joy . First rate engineering , my girl . But these machines are already out of date in the United States . According to my friend Edison , his new big invention is a machine that lets you capture motion , the cinematograph , the new craze . What do you think of the wine ? It 's very good . Mother . Come on Gabriel , get up , its your turn . Get up man . Ready , Don Jonas . Wait a minute . I told you those meetings were a waste of time . Come on , get up you lazy shit , I want to go to bed . Your identification . Next . Hey friend . Comrade . I feel sorry for Fernando , but he also makes me angry . Betterjust forget about him , Don Jonas . Otilio . My friend , keep a look out here and let me know if you see any strangers . Remember you have until eleven o 'clock when the foremen come . Relax , relax , Don Jonas . I can 't take any more of that Gringo asshole 's abuse . He 's paying next to nothing per wheelbarrow . Its not the Gringo 's fault , is it ? It 's the young ones who work until they burst . You 're the one who 's got to stop working , old man . Hey , show some respect . Shut up kid . What we 've got to do is grab the picks , the shovels , and go after the Gringo . Since when are you so brave ? We 've all seen you kiss up to the Gringo . Yes yes Don Mister whatever you say , boss , whatever you need patrón . What 's the matter with you ? Just telling it like I see it . I think we 've got to really mix things up . Quiet . Quiet brothers . This isn 't about everyone splitting up , we 've got to have one single voice to ... What are you promising hem now ... paradise ? We are trapped here for the rest of our lives . And you think ten old barefoot men are going to stop the Gringo ? Now you show up ? You drunken bum . This is like a circus , Jonas . Let 's go . Listen Listen , comrades , it 's important that we organize , we 've got to ... This is going nowhere . Don 't leave . Don 't all leave together . No one can do this , Jonas . So Virginia , what have you decided ? I 'm not a teacher , Godmother , I wouldn 't know what to teach . We can 't leave these kids to God 's will . Anything you can teach them , Virginia , will be useful . What about my studies ? I have to go back to Barcelona in a few months to finish my degree . That 's fine , Virginia , while you 're in charge of the school , it will give me enough time to bring in a teacher from Santiago . So it 's all settled then , Virginia , you 'll start on Monday . If it 's alright with you Isidora , I 'll get a crew of miners to fix up the school in the meantime . Alright , fine , now look over here . What is your name ? Carmen And what is your name ? Rogelio Maria Great , next please . What is your name ? Pablo Alright , now stand still for the picture . Stand perfectly still Pablo . I can 't . Why not ? I have worms , miss . What ? Worms ! DA-GUE-RREO-TYPE Here 's another word . Read it . OR-NY-THO-RHIN-CHUS Alright , if you learn the hard words first , then the easy ones , you won 't have any problems . Here 's the last one . Read here . Sar-sa-pa-ri-lla Everyone get your books out and copy these words down . Little Worm , come over here . It looks like your dad is here to fix the school . Come on . That 's not my dad , that 's my uncle Fernando , and my name 's not little Worm , Fernando ? Yes ma 'am . Fernando Gutiérrez ? That 's me . Don 't you recognize me ? I am Virginia . Good morning miss Virginia . You 're not the same person you used to be , you 're someone else entirely now . Well , I took out the braids I used as a girl , but except that I 'm still the same . No . You 're a high class lady now , you belong to the owners . I definitely am not the same stupid girl as before , but I don 't belong to anyone . They 're sweethearts What are you doing here ? Get back inside , go on , get back inside . Give me names . Give me names . If you don 't , what good are you to me . I can 't use the tokens , patrón . I need cash to get out of Lota . You want cash ? Then give me names . Give me names ! Dammit ! Colorin . The redhead ? Speak properly . The copper top , patrón . Who else ? I don 't know about anyone else , I swear . When you get me names of the ringleaders then you 'll get your money . Now , get out of here , I want to be alone . Where are you going ? Lola told me to be back by ten , it 's already eleven . She knows you 're with me . The only thing Lola knows is that she 's got two women to take care of a lot of clients . When you 're here , you 're not available for anyone else , that was the deal with Lola . Mister ? And the necklace you promised me ? You 'll get it , you 'll get it . When I do , we 'll see . Who put this beam in ? Cat got your tongue ? You , Redhead ! Come here ! Move ! Move ! Look here ! Yes sir . Look . Yes . You want to kill us all , Look Look Look , Foreman , assign this good-for nothing to the Chiflón del Diablo . In half an hour I want to see a new beam here . Yes boss A drink ? Don 't keep torturing yourself , mate . One day Davis will pay for everything he 's done . No no . Now what 's the matter ? The Chiflón is dangerous . Well , what isn 't dangerous around here ? I was the coward , right ? Can I ask you a favor ? Promise my mother will never know about this , I don 't want her to know . I promise . My son , what day is it today ? Sunday , mamita . ... are you working Sundays now ? No , I have to fix some tools . My son , why don 't you bring me some yerba mate . We 're out of tokens , mamita . There 's so much wind , you can hear it . This really is the devil 's cave . This pit is seeping in on all sides . Come on , we 've got to get down to the bottom to strengthen it . Open the door ! Open the door ! You dammed woman ! What were you buying in the town , what were you buying ? No , not me . Check the place . Call my son . Leave her alone ! Go on . Call my son . What 's going on here ? This woman bought something down in Lota . This is it . You bought a packet of yerba mate down in Lota ? No , Liar ! They saw you in town . Call my son . Don 't waste any more of our time . Did you buy the yerba in Lota , yes or no ? Go get Baldomero . You lie , you crazy old lady ! You bought it , Admit it ! You bought it ! Admit it ! We 're not in the mine here , mister Davis . Let go , this is also company property , you forget that . She bought this yerba in a non-company store , it 's contraband . Baldomero gave her this yerba mate . You lie ! Storekeeper ... Did you give her the yerba mate ? Give who ? Who else ? This old lady . Yes sir , I gave it to her , it 's from my house . You better leave , patrón , Maria de los Angeles is a mother to all of us . We 'll see you in the mine , Gutiérrez , you 'll pay for this . Take it easy . It 's alright . Hello , how are you ? I 'm glad you came to the party , miss Virginia . Thank you . We 're going to eat fish later . Miss Virginia come and drink a toast with us . Excuse me . What are you celebrating ? Nothing , it 's Sunday and some of us don 't work . Miss Virginia , meet some of my friends , old Jonas is a real relic of Lota . Nice to meet you . Miss Goyenechea , right ? No , my name is Prado , Virginia Prado . I thought you were a relative of the owner . No , I was born here , too , Doña Isidora is my godmother . Jonas , she is the daughter of the old schoolteacher . So I suppose you have convinced all the children that they 'll live in a palace like you when they grow up . Leave her alone , man . I can defend myself . Fernando Teacher look ! Little Worm ! What are you doing there ? Taking Daguerrotypes , be still . Alright . Dance with me . Alright . Fernando , let 's dance . No , no Idon 't dance . Come on Fernando . Go on and dance . Do you have a handkerchief ? Hey , what happened ? I 'm coming . Here 's the beam , how thick is the half beam ? An eight of a yard . Cut it ... Careful ! Hold on mate ... It 's giving way . It 's going to fall . Help ! It 's going to fall . Help ! Accident in the Chiflón , come on My sweet child , close your eyes . Mamita . My friend ... my friend my friend They killed them when they sent my friend to the Chiflón I should have put a stop to it but I didn 't . I am so sorry . It 's alright . I 'm glad that you 're back . The mine owners , the miners , each defending their own interests . They don 't understand anything , I am tired of these situations I have to deal with . I had to use an iron fist . If I hadn 't the whole mine would have fallen apart . Take it easy , mister . The old man took the boy by the hand and started walking ... Ready ? Let him drink his tea . Mama , I don 't want to go to the mine ! Mama , I don 't want to go to the mine ! Mama , Mama . Let 's go Pablo . I don 't want to . Let 's go . I don 't want to . Pablo , come on come on . Let 's go . Daddy , no . Daddy , I don 't want to , daddy . Pablo instinctively clung to his father 's leg His ears were ringing and he felt a strange sense of anguish . Thank you , Don Pedro Good morning , Rosario . Teacher ! Come with me , Don Pedro . Godmother , what good is the school in Lota if we have no students ? First , calm down and have a little respect , Virginia . How do you expect me to calm down when I just saw Pablito with his father dressed like a miner , he 's only nine years old . It 's not our fault if his parents aren 't happy with what they earn . You are the ones that let the children work . Let 's see , For your information , Virginia , when Don Matias Cousiño came here , there was nothing , just a few poor fishermen and farmers . The mine brought people here and gave them a livelihood . We gave them a hospital , a priest , a general store so they don 't have to go into town . Brick and ceramic factories where the women can work and the child nutrition center for the neediest children . Tell , me Virginia , if we also offer them a school and they would rather send them children to the mine what can we do ? They are free . Please , what freedom are you talking about ? Come here . This is him . That 's fine , I 'll show him . If you want . I also started to work in the mine when I was eight Look , you lean on the door and you push as hard as you can with your back . Come on , you can do it . Harder , harder . Come on , open the door . Come on , push push . Open the door . Push ! Come on ! Push ! What 's wrong with the door , dammit ? Harder , come on push , come on push ! Push dammit . Son , you are a miner now . Every time a cart comes , you open the door . Daddy I don 't want to , daddy daddy no ! A miner never leaves his workplace . When the shift is over , we 'll go home together . Daddy . Daddy . What 's wrong with the door ? Come on , what 's wrong with the door , open it , dammit . What the hell did you do with Pablito ? We have to eat . He 's 8 and has got to start earning his own keep . Do you want him to end up buried here like the rest of us ? Stay out of it . Pablito is my son and I 'll do what I want with him . He 's part of my family too . You have no family . Here comes the foreman . If anything happens to Pablito , you 're going to pay the price . What the hell 's going on here ? Everyone back to work . Good afternoon . Can you tell me where I can find Pablito Castro 's mother ? She 's washing clothes . Miss Virginia , what a nice surprise , what can I do for you ? I 'd like to talk to you alone . Don 't worry about the neighbors here , go ahead and talk . I can 't believe you let Pablito stop going to school . Sorry , but my husband makes the decisions . But aren 't you the mother ? But what the capitan says ... Sorry to stick my nose in , but as a miner 's son , the only school here is the mine , the rest are just Doña Isidora 's inventions . Sit down over here , stay with us a while , sit down . The miner 's wife waits here until the shift gets out . And only then after the mine is it her turn , and of course by then he 's dragging his feet behind him . And as long as you 're here drinking yerba mate have some Thank you . In this town there are no secrets . We 're miner 's wives , we like to sit around and talk and drink mate . And in the end there are no secrets , miss Virginia , you see . Well , I think I need to get going . No , no Stay a while , the shift is almost over . And in case you are interested , Don Fernando is all alone . Fernando , my brother . Of course . He 's been so unfortunate , he stopped smiling and took up drinking . Here comes the crew . Come on over here . Come here , let 's give him a surprise . Mercedes . Mercedes , how could you let them take Pablito into the mine , haven 't I asked you a thousand times to protect the kid ? Eduardo ... Miss Virginia , what are you doing here ? She came to look for you . We have to do something to stop the kids from going to the mine . We are going to do something , we 're going to put an end to this , I swear . You ? What are you going to do ? Put an end to the gringo 's years of abuse . We 're going to organize , we 're going to strike to make them realice they have to respect us one way or another . No That could be dangerous . That 's up to us . Miss Virginia ... Miss Virginia . Promise you 'll be careful . I 've been careful for too long . Miss Virginia . Are you alright ? Yes , Don Pedro , Let 's go . He already had tuberculosis when he set out on his trip , ... and it only worsened with the climate in Peru . The next few hours are critical , Mrs. Isidora . We need you to write up a document and have it legalized in Concepción . What you are asking me to do is very dangerous . I know , but you are the only one who can help us , we don 't have anyone else . Good evening , Fernando . Good evening , Mrs. Natividad . Would you like some tea ? No , thank you . A miners ' association in Lota would be crazy , Fernando , I 'd rik everything ... my family , my job , my whole life . You understand , don 't you ? Of course I understand . Fine I 'm sorry I wasted your time . Hey , mate . It will be an honor to help you . We all know that the gringo won 't stand for lists of demands or complaints , and everything will remain the same unless we take serious action . Serious action against the gringo ? Talking isn 't enough , we have to take a stand once and for all . Let 's see what the owners do when they See us with picks at the mine entrance . We 'll see if they 're so tough then . Calm down . Calm down , calm down . Quiet Jonas and I believe there 's no need for violence . We just have to show how strong in numbers we are . How ? We have to organize a protest and form a miner 's association . That 's really complicated . We have someone to help us write it up and legally register it . Now we need to know how many of you are with us . Raise your hands those of you who are willing to keep going with this . I am listening . Fernando Gutierrez is the leader of the group , patrón , ... and they 're going to have Baldomero draft a document for the miners ' association and write a list of demands . Damn grocer . I should have gotten rid of him ages ago . A miners ' association ? Assholes ! I 've got to stop them now before these assholes get the better of us . What was that ? I don 't know . Stay here , I 'll go and see what it is . No ! Yes . Don 't go . Stay here , it 's alright . Don 't stick your nose where it doesn 't belong ! Let 's go ! Not my stories ! Assholes ! Not my stories ! Baldomero . Assholes ! Are you all right , my dear ? Calm down , don 't cry . What did they steal ? No , no , they 're not thieves . They 're Mister Davis ' thugs . Mister Davis ? What are you mixed up in ? The miners need help and I ... And what ? What do they want you to do ? Baldomero , what did you do ? Nothing ! My whole life I 've never done anything important . And us ? We 're nothing ? Natividad ! Natividad ! " Miners ' Association " Leave those towels Isidora , it 's useless Before I took ill , I arranged the Shipping permits for the power plant machinery , It should arrive next week . It 's already here , Luis , don 't worry . It was a nice dream . Adrianita ? She 's here with Virginia . With who ? With our goddaughter , remember ? No . They said ours was a marriage of convenience , that we were going to hate each other Here we are , thirty years later still in love . Thirty years putting up with your quirks . And me obeying you in everything . It 's been a very happy life , my darling It 's been ? It still is . Miss , there 's someone outside looking for you . Virginia . Get out of here you crazy fool . Let me talk to him . He 's crazy , miss . Please go away , Don Pedro . Fernando , what happened to you ? Ask your family . Ask them what ? Why did you betray me ? What are you talking about ? You 're the only one who knew of our plans . Tell your family that they 'll never see us begging on hands and knees . Fernando , Fernando , come back . Isidora . Yes my dear . Blow out the candles . It 's bright Luis , look at me , look at me . Look at me , I 'm here , Luis . What are you doing here ? Let me in Jonas . You shouldn 't be here . And you think you can just show up at my house yelling and I 'll just sit there with my arms crossed . Your house ? I swear I didn 't tell a soul , I have no idea who did . Your godparents run this town , don 't they ? They aren 't capable of something like that . They 're capable of that and much more , but since you 're one of them now , you don 't know anything , you poor naive girl . You 'd better get out of here . You 're never going to believe me . Wait . Sorry , I shouldn 't have gotten you involved in this , maybe you made a comment without realizing it . Never betrayed you . You 've never betrayed me ? Then why did you go to Spain ? They made me go , I was a girl , you know I didn 't want to . You are so beautiful . Ohhh , it 's gorgeous . Now you have what you want , its your turn to hold up your end of the bargain . You promised you 'd come to live here . I never promised that . That 's the price . Give it to someone else . NO ! I think our most important demand is the reduction of the workday from 14 to 12 hours . They can 't keep knocking off wheelbarrows because of the tuff , the tuff is in the mine , plus they can still use it . What are you doing here , girl ? Excuse me Jonas . I need to talk to Don Fernando Gutierrez . Fernando Gutierrez isn 't here , but you can talk to us . Who 's this ? It 's the gringo 's whore . I need to tell you something very important . The gringo has been paying Eduardo Castro for information on all your meetings . I knew that asshole was up to no good . What ? Let me go ! Let me go ! Let me go ! You know what they do to informants in the mine . Mrs. Isidora , good morning , welcome , allow me . Mrs. Isidora , welcome . What a surprise . I 've come to see the mine facilities that Luis never let me enter . Miners don 't like women in the mine , ma 'am , they say its a bad omen . Superstitions . Women can 't enter mine property , but the owner can . I will be in charge of the mine from now on , Mister Davis . Whatever you say , ma 'am . Do you have the document , Baldomero ? Yes . Its draindown time at the mine , I don 't have much time . They brought this from Concepción this morning . The miner 's association is in place , Fernando . Thank you , mate . You 're going to have to find a new grocer to give you credit . Why ? What 's the matter ? I 'm going to Santiago to try my luck with my stories . Ohh . Well , thank you for everything Baldomero . The coal miners will always be grateful to you . Thank you , mate . Everyone , gather around , I would like to say a few words . In the days following my husband , Luis Cousiño 's tragic death , We feel deeply moved by this act dedicated to him . For our family ... It 's a great honor to inaugurate here in Lota ... The first Chilean hydroelectric plant . It 's also the fulfiment of luis ' greatest dream . I 'm Coming . With the miner 's association formed and our list of demands , they cannot deny us . Come on Jonas , it 's now or never . Fernando . I have something to tell you , although I swore to your mother I 'd never tell you , but since we don 't know what 's going to happen now ... What ? You know that in 1876 , there was a major miners ' strike , and that your father was the head of the movement . Afterwards , we never saw him again , not because he ran out of town , that was a story your mother made up to protect you from hate , but because he was beaten to death and then thrown to the sea . It was Davis , damn Davis . Come on . Take this , it 's a long trip . Pablo . Let 's take the document to the office and deliver it into the hands of the patrones , but no rioting . Let 's go . Rifles out , prepare your weapons Come on , Go ahead , Don Juan . Well The moment has arrived . This was Don Luis 's ultimate dream . There 's a problem at the mine . I have to go , Don Carlos . Gutierrez ! On the ground ! I 've been waiting for you , Gutierrez , I knew one of these days you 'd fall on your own . And what are you going to do , Captain ? Kill me ? If necessary , yes . Don 't shoot ! What is going on here . Ma 'am , this man is a very dangerous anarchist . He looks quite defenseless to me . Ma 'am , may I remind you that it was your very company that called us in . Its seems that I am not speaking clearly enough for you . And you all , you don 't need to cause such a scandal just to talk to me . What do you want ? There is our list of demands . I will read your list of demands carefully and let you know my decision . That is all , gentleman , go back to work . We will be at our posts , ma 'am , but we won 't go back to work until you give us an answer . That is what we promised our wives and children . You are Fernando Gutierrez , aren 't you ? Yes I am . Capitan , take care of him . Arrest the troublemaker . You can 't do this ! Godmother , when are you going to lift the accusation against Fernando Gutierrez ? You should go back to Spain , Virginia . And leave Fernando , no , I love him , godmother . But don 't you realize that this relationship is the whim of a spoiled child ? . It 's a scandal . You know what the real scandal is ? That you live in this palace so peacefully , surrounded by maids , thanks to the suffering of the miners . I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry . Please let him go . Alright , alright , but help me fulfill your mother 's desires . Fernando . My love . This movement can 't be stopped , they can lock me or Jonas up but nothing will stop us . I spoke to my godmother ... I don 't need anything from Doña Isidora . Nothing . How long are you going to stand by them ? My dear , come with me , we have so many things to do together , we are just getting started . Everything will be different , I promise . I 'm going to Spain . What are you saying ? I have to finish my studies . Forgive me forgive me , please , please , I love you , please . Miss Virginia . You have angels watching over you , Gutierrez . You are free , but I am warning you , one more time ... and I 'll crusch you Did you hear me ? Teacher , Teacher ! What are you doing here ? Teacher , the older children say you are leaving town . I have to go to Spain , dear . No ! Why ? Miss Virginia , if we don 't leave now , we 'll miss the train in Concepción . Alright , Don Pedro . Goodbye my child . Let 's go . Teacher , listen . Daguerreotype ! Sarsaparilla ! Ornithorhynchus ! Give my response to the miners . What you 're doing will bring consequences that even you can 't control I am just following my heart , Mister Davis . The mine doesn 't run with the heart , ma 'am . After this they will always ask for more always more , their needs are infinite . Do as I say , that 's an order . I won 't do it , it 's humiliating . How dare you ? You never would have spoken like that to Don Luis ! Don Luis ? While I broke my back to make the mine run as it should , Don Luis fixed clocks , ma 'am . Foreman , deliver this envelope immediately . As you wish , excuse me ma 'am . You have gone too far this time , Mister Davis . You 're fired . My uncle Fernando ? He 's down in the mine . The foreman . Doña Isidora sent this , for the miners ' association of Lota . Open it ! No , we have to take it to Fernando . I 'll take it . He 's in the Chiflón del Diablo with the other miners . Quickly . Comen here ! Quickly ! Yes Mister Davis . I 'll show them ! Don Pedro , stop . Uncle ! Pablito ! What are you doing here ? Here , they sent this for you . Thanks mate . Uncle , miss Bresquiña is leaving Lota . Right now that doesn 't matter . We have an answer . I ' m done . Therefore , in addition to reducing the workday starting next month and paying a minimum wage to each miner , I declare a full prohibition on minors in the mine site from this day forth , signed Doña Isidora . Did we win , uncle ? You won , my friend . Come on boys , let 's go join the rest outside . She will pay for this . They will all pay . She will pay for this . What 's wrong ? We have an answer . Let 's go outside . Fernando Gutierrez , where the hell are you ? It 's payback time , you asshole . This is no longer your business , Davis , it 's between us and Doña Isidora . Not my business ? It 's my business dammit . He 's crazy ! Be careful ! Firedamp . Firedamp . Let 's go Fernando . Where 's Pablito ? Back there . Come on , nephew . Take him out of here . What about you Fernando ? Get him out of here . What did you do to my father , you piece of shit gringo ? You should have seen him crying like a girl . By the end , he was screaming for us to stop beating him . Lying pig . This mine is my life , you 'll never get away with this , never . We already beat you Davis . Or didn 't you notice ? Come on , Firedamp , firedamp . Get out . What happened ? Explosion in the mine . Pablito , stay here with the teacher . We have to go back for Fernando , he 's still inside . There 's one here . Fernando , Fernando ! Answer me Fernando ! Talk to me . It 's Fernando . Fernando . Fernando . Fernando , my love , my love , my life . Uncle ? I 'm here , my love , I 'm here , my love , my love , no no . After the tragedy , Fernando 's sacrifice generated new seedlings of hope . I decided to set out for the capital with my stories under my arm and the hope that my words would be a testimony for generations of miners , so that one day they could discover and value how much pain how much love , and how many dreams were shared in Lota , how many lives and deaths shaped the history of this land . For others , love linked them forever to the children of the coal mine . Juana , Rosario , gather the children please . Children , come over here . Now they were able to face the future with greater dignity , with the clean smile of children of the southern tip of the world . Look over here . Stay very still . In 1904 , Baldomero Lillo , published the book , " Sub-Terra " , which created quite a stir in society at the time for its blood-curdling accounts of coal mining . In 1897 , Isidora Goyenechea passed away in Europe . When her remains were sent back , the people of Lota filled the streets ... in silence to say goodbye . The State of Chile took over the coal mines , where it extracted the energy to fuel the country 's industry for decades . In the underground chambers of Lota , over two thousand miners lost their lives in explosions and accidents . The coal mines finally closed their doors in April 1997 .
