 12th September 2004 Victory for us means victory for freedom . The greatest of the American presidents were inarguable people of extraordinary strengths , ... and weaknesses Complicated individuals undertaking an impossible task Could a single image ever be expected to tell their story ? Ever since the first presidential photograph was taken James K Polk in 1848 Each president has had one defining image associated with him , or her Outcome of the second world war , ending the Vietnam conflict Spencer Harvey 's resignation in the wake of corporate scandal President Helman 's first visit to Africa after the plague of 2018 No documentary about President McCallister 's administration could be complete without mention of this photo taken just before his election , 2040 It tells a story of a fiercely determined man on the cusp of arresting victory away from the jaws of near certain defeat Now whether it tells the whole story ? Well , that 's another question altogether , isn 't it ? - So she 'll come in - Get a birthday present - Not just a present ! She * has * to buy a TV . What if she wants something else ? She 's coming specifically to get the TV All you 've gotta do is not let her get off-track , alright ? I was salesperson of the month for July and August I think I can handle it . Of course the idea that we 're stupid * because * we sit around watching TV all the time is just as simplistic as the idea that kids shoot other kids because they witness violence in the media But what is clear is that the majority of television caters to the majority of Americans and is , as a result , garbage It 's mainly the news we 're interested in , Mom . Oh , God . Are you sure you want the television ? Yes ! Okay fine . It 's your birthday . It 's your mind . Hello . Are you the , uh , responsible agent here ? This is my section . Well , um , we 're interested in purchasing a , um ... What 's that ? Hey Bobby , come here ! It 's got a whole tutorial system It actually teaches you how to play ! You know , I 've got a great deal on a 27 inch flat screen over here - if you wanna just take a look ... - Bobby come here , look at this It 's got all the instruments ... oh my God . You could compose a whole symphony on this , Bobby . But Jack and I talked about getting the TV , so that way I can watch the Cartoon Network and Jack and watch the History Channel . Bobby , do you know why I never learned how to play the piano ? Because when I wanted to learn I was already sixteen and I thought I was too old But then when I was twenty , I still wanted to learn , and I could have in those four years , but again , I thought I was too old And then when I was twenty-five well , you see what I 'm getting at ? The time is now , Bobby , you 're young enough Something you learn to do right now you could be a grand master by the time you 're thirty It 's up to you You want me to carry this out to your car ? No thank you , my son can carry it . It 's pretty heavy , I don 't think he can h - No , my , uh , my other son See you at home Jack ! Much has been documented about President McCallister 's childhood but nothing written had ever answered the most interesting questions Was it clear as the boy growing up the struggle that would take place between his noblest ambitions and his basest flaws ? Was the man so often referred to as " the Great Believer " a believer from the beginning ? It could be cool , I mean , I can be in a band ! Yeah , with who ? Warren . You 'd need more than two people for a band , dumbass . I mean , it * could * be cool anyways , if I got to play really well then - You could learn to twirl a baton by the time you 're thirty , or water-ski or tame lions . Who cares ? The point is , it 's not what you wanted It 's what she told you you wanted and you agreed like you always do Not always . That 's where the college president lives The new one 's moving in soon Mom says he 's a money-grubbing whore Shut up ! Is that his daughter ? How should I know ? Have I seen anything you haven 't ? Jack ? Jack ? Come on already . - Do you know if she 's going to go to our school ? - If we could see into his boyhood years , and watching him become the man he became would we have known then we were in the presence of greatness ? Could we have seen it ? I have known the McCallister family the longest of anybody I met Jack when we were thirteen He was my best friend He was everything you wanted to be and you loved - and hated - him for it And Bobby ? Well , Bobby was different We 've lost power in our rear thrusters , do you copy ? Roger that , Houston , we continue our approach . Bobby ! Coming ! Now listen , Jack , your brother 's first day at the high school 's bound to be difficult I want you to watch out for him . There 's only so much I can do . I 'm serious . You have to protect him , that 's what brothers do , all right ? Jack ? I landed successfully on the red planet with only two thirds of my thrusters functioning . Oh yeah , did you compensate for the drift ? Still landed in the target area . Wow . Got something for you This was your father 's , back when he was in graduate school doing research in Peru I was gonna wait until college but then I thought , nah , maybe you 'd like to have it for your first day , you know ? For luck ? We 're gonna be late . Oh ! Your letter - to get out of P.E Don 't lose it . And oh ! Call me on my cell if you have any questions or concerns or even if you just you know , wanna talk Got your inhaler ? Got it . All right . Uh-uh , not so fast , take your brother . Marcus has the truck - You will take your brother . Got it ? Hey , hey hey hey hey , hey . Go get ' em ! Well , I guess with the names Jack and Bobby , the political career wasn 't entirely unexpected But I don 't think that 's what she had planned for them So I asked , and they don 't even have a space club yet ! Maybe you should just lose the bag . Well the lady in the office told me if we can get fifteen signatures , we can start one Great . It 's gonna be like this for five years The untouchables , the outcasts No it isn 't . Yeah it is . You think that milk carton was an accident ? Bobby . Bobby ? Here . You missed the trash . I thought your little buddy * was * the trash . Well he 's not . Hey , aren 't you that kid who had a pass in gym ? I 'm asthmatic . You 're a wheezer huh ? Can I call you that ? Wheezer ! Bobby come on . My pot pie 's getting cold . What 's that , wheezer ? Your doctor 's note ? It 's a petition . Yeah ? For what ? Oh , God . Space club . You guys can sign up if you want ... If I sign up , can you guarantee I 'll be as pathetic as you and your lame friend here ? Hey guys , don 't miss sign up for loser club next week Oh , that 's right , you two are already in it , right ! Lets go smoke cloves Just put away the petition , okay ? All of the McCallisters had that thing Knowing what you want and going after it without hesitating or equivocating And Jack had it in spades All I 'm saying is , we get in there early with book reports in Haler 's class , we will pull the easiest books Yeah , sure Marcus . Come on , man , I 'm not carrying your ass like I did in Tate 's class last year Yes , you are . Come on , you always do it ! No , I know . It 's my lifetime role What are you staring at ? That 's , uh - Courtney Benedict . Yeah . Have you met her yet ? Molly Jordan met her in chem . Said she was a total bitch . She 's probably shy . No , you 're only saying that ' cause you think she 's cute . Hear a lot of people talking about her - don 't see anyone talking to her What you writing ? Nothing . Oh . That 's funny , it doesn 't look like nothing . It 's just thoughts . You 're new here , aren 't you ? I 'm Jack McCallister . Courtney Benedict . Nice to meet you , Courtney ! Look , I know it 's tough being the new kid , why don 't you come and sit over at our table ? Over there ? Yeah . Uh , no . Thanks . Come on , what 's so scary about a table full of people you don 't know . Look , you don 't even know me , so why do you care what I think ? Okay , you 're right . I don 't know you - but I 'd like to Listen , there 's this bonfire tomorrow night , it 's a pep rally for the fall teams A school even ? Sorry , no . Come on , it 'll be fun . Life-altering really , and I 'd like you to - Jack ! Hey , Jack So , this is where you guys sit , huh ? I mean , we were out by the benches they 're okay , but ... I like it better in here Hi , I 'm Bobby . Jack 's brother Hi , Courtney . I know who you are - you 're the girl that we saw - Bobby ... - remember , Jack , yesterday by the president 's cottage I asked if it was his daughter and you said Bobby ! Okay . Yeah . You know what , I was just coming in here to get some signatures for space club , uh , you guys wanna sign ? I mean , I only need fifteen signatures and I already have three - if they count the Janitor I 'll sign . Thanks ! Here you go . Do you guys know where room R12 is ? Upstairs . Past the chem labs . Uh , gotta go . Bye Jack , bye Courtney ! My brother has no off switch . Well , I gotta get to class , but ... I guess I 'll see you at the bonfire ? I thought you said you hated faculty parties . Ah , " there comes a time in the affairs of man when he must grab the bull by the tail and face the situation " - W.C. Fields . They 're making you go , aren 't they ? Yeah . Which top did you like with this again ? This one . Oh yeah , right . So anyway , Warren freaked He thinks we 're gonna be geeks in high school All the best people were geeks George Bernard Shaw , Bertrand Russell , Kafka , yours truly ... He 's afraid people will make fun of us or something . All the greats have been laughed at , it doesn 't matter You have to have the courage of your convictions I don 't think Warren thinks that . Warren 's not like you , he 's weak He 's a conformist , he 's susceptible to peer pressure he 's unexceptional . This is why Warren while being a very sweet boy will grow up to be an accountant . Boots or pumps ? Boots . Your father had a saying about weak men . That they 'll follow whomever keeps them fed I thought he said " weak men are the bane of the earth and the strong are the salvation " . He said that too . Oh ! Jack , I have to go to the new president 's mingler thing tonight , so you 'll stay home with your brother and order a pizza No way . I got the bonfire tonight , for the game . At school ? That 's perfect ! Bobby , you 'll go with Jack He can 't come with me ! Why not ? Because you can 't . He can 't . You 'll have to do better than circular logic , Jack . I 'm going with Marcus , and I told this girl I 'd - Girl , what girl ? Is it Courtney Benedict ? Oh whoa , that 's no relation to the money grubbing whore ? If you mean president Benedict , yes , she 's his daughter . President Pro-Tem Benedict , and she 's not for you ! Well , I like her and I 'm going . Well then you 're taking your brother . No I 'm not ! I won 't let him wreck my whole night . He 's not wrecking your night . - You wouldn 't get a babysitter ! - I 'm not asking you to babysit ! Will you quit asking me to do this . I ask you one time to do one - Stop . It 's okay . I 'm in the middle of an emergency approach anyway and I 'd rather finish it . Really . I wanna stay here Fine . There 's leftovers in the fridge from the History department happy hour , and there 's cold cuts and cheese Nice dinner . It 's European , now go , both of you , go on I 'd like a little private time before I go Why does she have to smoke that stuff ? I don 't know , why do you care ? She 's different after . Yeah , bearable . Look , Bobby , you gotta drop this space club thing It 's a reputation killer Why ? Lots of people do clubs . Yeah , like Spanish club or yearbook Not space . What 's in the space ? That 's why you start the club , to get people interested . No one 's gonna be interested . How do you know if you haven 't even - I just know . You always say go after what you want And I wanna start a space club . Man . Don 't you ever get tired of it ? Of what ? Of not being like anybody else . Get ready , I 'll take you to the thing . Really ? Yeah . So what do they burn at this thing , anyway ? Eighth graders . Well , it 's well known that I had virtually no interest in the position of vice president The post had all but vanished under the last two administrations so when Governor McCallister - as he was then approached me about it just said ' no thank you and I figured he 'd move along Needless to say I underestimated his powers of persuasion Why do we gotta cart Jimmy Neutron around ? Don 't worry , I 'm only hanging out with you dorkazoids until Warren comes . Dorkazoid , did you learn that word in fourth grade ? At least I learned a word . Jack , can I kill him please ? No , man , we 're supposed to keep him from getting killed , remember ? There she is . Hey , is that Courtney - Hey , you know what , um , lets go inspect the bottom of some trash cans . Hi . Wow . Is that it ? You promised me - what was it - a life-altering experience , and all I get is ' hi ' ? I 'm glad you came . He could relate to women better than men . Something to do with his mother , no doubt . I had the pleasure of meeting her once , she was quite a character . Another one , please . Professor McCallister . Hello , Merle . So good of you to drop by . So good of you to remind me that my departmental standing depends on it So , has the whore made an appearance yet ? If you refer to President Benedict then alas , he 's not yet joined us . Alas . But perhaps you heard , as I did , that our new associate professor would be here , from Dartmiss Hmm ... quite a handsome and personable gent I first met him when I was doing my Kelden grant for my study in Utrecht You know what ? I need to go . But my dear , the evening 's just begun ! Bye , Merle . Oh , gosh . Sorry . Sorry . The party still going on ? Oh , God , save yourself . If you came for the entertainment , you 're out of luck That windbag Benedict ? Didn 't even bother to show up And the rest of them ? Embalmed Really , that bad , huh ? Worse , but hey . Party hearty . You walking home ? Huh ? Alone ? The muggers are all students , they 'd be scared to attack me . Oh , wait a second . I 'll walk with you . What ? Miss your first faculty party ? Well , like you said , the old windbag didn 't even show up . What kind of party 's that ? Okay . So , Mr Track Star , looks like you 're missing all those cute cheerleaders shouting your name . Not my favourite part . Really . I thought that 's why guys played sports . You really don 't think much of me I run because when I run , everything else goes away School , homework , my family It 's just me and the road It 's probably how you feel , when you write your thoughts . The president was well known for his relationships with women But I would not call him a ladies man His Charisma was of a different sort , it was less overt than the media would have you believe And less calculated My Mom is insane . Certifiable She 's the most popular professor on campus , and the weirdest Mom on the Earth . What 's your Dad like ? I don 't know . He left , before my brother was born . My Mom died last year . How ? It 's a long and horrible story , and , um , I 'd rather not tell it at a pep rally . So now it 's just you and your Dad ? Mmm . And my little sister Chloe So I guess we do have something in common . Who knew . I did . Then they had to go and hire this President Benedict , this money grubbing whore His sole talent is for streamlining and revenue increase ! I mean , a University is not a widget company ! No ! No ! And what has this guy ever done , except make money and destroy departments , right ? Oh , but he looks got on paper ! He 's got his MBA , he 's got his unblemished record ! What * has * this guy done ? I don 't know , I can 't recite the specifics , but he was one of the six faceless candidates on the shortlist , you know , each one less distinguished than the last And I know enough to know what was in his CV Ugh , please A vast , safe banality all the decrepit trustees could embrace Oh yeah , I know this guy Wow . Yeah , well , this is me . Thanks for the walk . You 're welcome . You know , you 're the only guy I have ever met at one of these things that I 've actually enjoyed talking to . Really ? Yeah . Well , I enjoyed it too . Maybe we should continue it , say , dinner tomorrow night ? No , I don 't really do that . You don 't eat dinner ? Date . I don 't date . That ship has sailed . Capsized . I have kids . Oh . Me too . Two . Girls . Well , girls . Thank God for that . So there 's no wife to speak of ? Out of the picture . For now . Feels pretty permanent , so what do you say ? Come on , girl 's gotta eat ! Right ? I 'm Grace , by the way . Grace McCallister . Nice to meet you , Grace . Yes , and you ... I 'm Peter . Benedict . But ! My friends ? All call me the money grubbing whore . Goodnight , Grace . It 's like we blew it before we even did anything . Blew what ? High school ! The bonfire , the games . But we 're here ! But no one * knows * we 're here . We might as well be at home playing Sim Galaxy . Hey , Wheezer . We 're gonna go smoke cloves , you guys wanna come ? Oh , that 's right , you can 't . 'Cause you might start wheezing ! Too bad ! Wait ! I wanna come , I smoke ! No you don 't ! Yeah I do , I 'm gonna go smoke with those guys , Bobby . But why ? Because I want to ! Well can I come then ? ! No ! Why not ? Because if I hang out with you , no one else will talk to me . Look , I know this is just because you 're weak , Warren , and you 're unexceptional , ... and you 're gonna be an accountant ! Bobby , just shut up ! You 're making it worse , I don 't wanna be like you and I don 't wanna be friends any more You don 't mean that . Yeah I do , I mean it , so just get out of here , get away from me , you 're a freak ! Is that your brother ? He 's getting hurt . He 's gotta learn . Courtney ! I don 't EVER wanna be friends with you any more , EVER ! Way to go , loser . You alright , Bobby ? Yeah . Yeah , yeah , I 'm okay . I got it from here . Yeah , right What happened ? He said he didn 't wanna be my friend any more . So you punched him ? Where 's your inhaler ? It 's broken . I 'm sorry , Jack . I ask him one time , who he thought had the greatest influence on his life . Come on , let 's go home . Now , given who his mother was , I was sure it would be her I shoulda known better , he always surprised me . He said his brother , without hesitation The major thing for me coming onto the campaign was electability I only have so much time and reputation I vetted the Governor pretty carefully I checked out the demographics , I weighed the issues his persona ... but what it came down to what it always comes down to is desire You could be the greatest guy in the world but the one thing you need to win is hunger Governor McCallister ? He was hungry It 's not going to fix itself . I 'm calling today . I 'm holding my breath . Then after we got there , Warren said he wanted to go off with those guys , so - Give up , she 's not listening . What ? Yes , I am listening . Bobby , conflict is inherent in human relations At your age , you are ill-equipped to express your feelings , needless to say Warren is even more ill-equipped Now , guys , are you ready , ' cause I cannot be late this morning Please ? Bobby . Come on , don 't worry so much ! It 'll all work out . I just want people to like me . What are you talking about , people love you ! Real people . Other people . People I 'm not related to . Bobby . This conversation is not worthy of you If Warren can 't see what 's special about you then it 's time to focus your attention elsewhere He was my only friend . You 'll make other friends , now go , come on , get your stuff , we gotta get out of here ! What ? He 's just sensitive . Bobby , come on ! Hey Hey , Wheezer . Okay look , I 've got pot , so if you guys wanna smoke it after school , then ... * You * got weed ? You do not . Shut up . I 'm not talking to you . So you brought it ... here . Yeah , I brought it . The good stuff Way better than that clove stuff you guys smoke all the time So if you guys wanna smoke it after school then meet me here All right Wheezer - four o 'clock okay ? See you then . Hey , Wheezer . Nice going . Courtney . Hey . I know that was crazy , what happened at the bonfire It 's just , my brother is this - Your brother is the only reason is the only reason that I was even talking to you , Jack I figured somebody that was cool to their kid brother who 's a little different , must be a decent guy but ... you were a jerk You don 't know my brother . You think I 'm embarrassed by him , and I am But I 'm trying to help him . It 's hard . No , it isn 't . You hang out with him , you 're cool , people stop picking on him But you don 't wanna spend the time . His first two days of school you 're trying to hang out with me . I can 't change who he is , Courtney Not with my Mom around . I couldn 't help him if I wanted . Maybe that 's just what you tell yourself . So . Open your workbooks to page twelve , we 'll take a look at problem number four Bobby ? McCallister ? The principle needs to see you for just a minute During the campaign , the major thing , of course , was the lie Maybe six months out , he told this story about his father this esteemed professor of archaeology from Chile who eventually went back to his country and was executed there for his political beliefs Well the press didn 't buy it I asked him about it myself and he convinced me it was all true at least to the best of his knowledge But I , well , I should have been more of a hard-ass but the thing was , I believed him Hey , Bobby . What 's going on ? Jack , what are you doing here ? Professor , there 's been an incident . I 'm afraid that something - What possible incident could justify you dragging me down here , Vincent ? You do realise that there are at this moment three hundred students watching a video on a woman 's right to vote ? Now , I 'm not even up to that subject yet - We discovered marijuana in Bobby 's locker . That 's impossible . I 'm afraid not I see . And was this locker search part of a general search of the entire school ? I don 't quite understand what you 're getting at ... Were you searching the lockers of the entire student body , or , only the locker of my son ? We had reason to believe that - Reason to believe ? So , in fact , you * only * searched the locker of my son I don 't know , but in a school of , what , 1500 kids , does that seem a little discriminatory to you , Vincent ? You know , I just would really hate to have to drag my lawyer into this I mean , it seems very clear to me that my son 's rights have been violated here , I don 't - Bobby confessed . I 'm sure he did , given your Gestapo-like tactics . He confessed to bringing drugs to school for his brother Jack . What ? As you know , we have a zero tolerance policy on drugs , with the discretionary authority to prosecute . Prosecute ? Although Jack has no history of delinquency , I 'm afraid we 're going to have to suspend him from the track team this semester in addition he 's going to have to serve a month of detention to be completed before or after school Now since Bobby 's role in this matter is less severe , we 'll reserve punishment this time but I urge you , professor , take a long hard look at what happened to your family today Wonderful timing , Jack . You 're captain of this and king of that like some kind of All-American automaton , in your brother 's first week of school you decide to become a teenager I just got kicked off the track team , I don 't need you yelling at me . I told you to watch out for him . What ? He steals * your * pot , I get kicked off the team and now it 's * my * fault ? ! It 's my fault . No , its HER fault . Whoa whoa whoa wait , wait an minute I realise it came from my drawer , but I think it would be rather deductive to impart it was my fault - Oh , say something real ! Okay . Why couldn 't you include him with your friends ? I can 't include him in anything because he 's weird . He doesn 't know how to be normal . What is so important about normal ? Normal is what you have to be if you don 't want to spend every day of high school getting beat up . I raised him to be special , Jack . You raised him to be your best friend ! You just wanted someone to control and agree with you and keep you from feeling lonely all the time . That 's why you never cared about me . Because I wouldn 't do any of that . I don 't care about you ? All I do , every single day , is care about you You have no idea what I 've given up for you . For both of you . That 's a lie . You didn 't do any of it for us , OR for him You 're just a lonely , pathetic , middle-aged woman behind your books and your words and your freak of a teenage son Shut up ! One day I 'll be gone . And you 'll see things for what they are , and he 'll hate you for the lies you told him . Jack ... Go on , tell him the truth . Tell him who our father really was . Jack , DON 'T . What about our father ? He wasn 't a professor from Chile He was a busboy from Mexico she met when she was a waitress . No , no , nonono ! He was an archaeologist , and , and - He 's not dead he 's just gone . No he DIED ! She lied to you all this time , made up this fantasy life with all these weird ideas she wants you to live up to . It 's not a fake , it 's true ! You said he was dead ! It 's okay , Bobby . Bobby . Bobby , calm down , it 's okay ! Calm down , get your inhaler , honey , get your inhaler . I know . Hey , calm down . Calm down . Bobby . Where 's his inhaler ? He doesn 't have it ? What do you mean , he doesn 't have it ? Well , it got broken . Bobby , calm down . Calm . Down . Deep breaths , Bobby , deep , slow , breaths Jack ... Jack ! Do something ! Come on . Meet me at the hospital ! I asked him . A long time after , I asked him why he lied about his father , what would have been so damaging about the real story , because to me it was nothing compared to the risk of a cover-up That was the one question he never answered Then a few months later , I 'm at a cocktail party in the West Wing , and his mother is there . She starts telling this story about the father , about this " dig " he was on , with so much pride , and I got it He never told because of her . Because it woulda crushed her That lie almost cost him the election , and it wasn 't even his lie . I 'm sorry I stole your pot , ma . I know . Will you tell Jack too ? Shhh , it 's okay . It 's gonna be okay . I think it might be time to let Bobby get some rest now , Mrs McCallister . All right . It 's * Doctor * McCallister . Okay I 'm just gonna leave you with the nurse for a couple of minutes , okay ? All you can get is milk . I remember , from the last time . Figures . I shouldn 't have hit you , Jack . I haven 't done that since you were , what , nine ? When I jumped off the water tower with Jimmy Weyburn . Well , that one you deserved . Whatever . Please don 't walk away . Please ? So , those things you said ? They were , uh , they were true But you should know that when your father left , I had two jobs , I was trying to take care of you I had a baby on the way , and I was , uh , I was pretty terrified . And then , when Bobby came , I mean , he was so sick all the time and I mean , it was really everything I could do just to keep a roof over our heads and try to keep him well , so ... and anyway . Pfft . You were always such a ... boy , right ? I mean , you were always off doing your own things , and playing with your trucks , and soldiers , and , well , and of course , with your running ... but you 're right Bobby stayed close , and , and , um , I don 't know if it 's because I didn 't let him get far , but , I know that he ... he can 't stay so close any more . He needs his own life . I know You 're right It was always 'Grace and Bobby ' , wasn 't it ? You were somewhere else Growing up on your own Well it may be too late , but if it 's not gonna be , it needs to be , uh ... needs to be ' Jack and Bobby ' now You need to back off . I can do that . Not question everything I do . Okay . And you gotta stop doing that stuff . I have never exposed your brother to that . He knows you do it . My work is stressful , Jack , and raising two sons on your own , well I ... I try not to let it show , but sometimes , it can be a little difficult Sometimes I ... I just feel like some kind of ... Escape ? Yeah . Escape . I don 't think there can be an escape . For you , or for me , any more I think we just need to be here for him So maybe one day he can escape For real Okay . When I first met Jack , I was too young to see him as a potential ... anything , really , except a crush But our relationship never really developed the way either one of us thought it would But what first love does ? So what , we gotta keep hanging out with him in public view now ? Yep . Look , maybe just to the doors , Jack . What 's wrong , Marcus , you afraid that when the chicks see me they 'll forget about you ? Yeah , that 's real cute , maybe I 'll just wire your jaw shut - Hey Jack - What ? Hey Courtney . Hey ! Guess what I heard ? Truman High now has it 's very own Space Club I got a couple extra signatures in case the Janitor doesn 't count . Thanks ... I mean , I ... so , I was thinking , like , we could hold meetings like every Tuesday afternoon , or Wednesday , maybe Thursday I mean I 'm pretty much just wide open , or ... Why don 't you come with me little man ? I don 't wanna come with you . Too bad . ' Cause you know what we 're gonna do ? Hey . Listen , it 's been a crappy week If you wanna tell me again why you don 't like me , could we just do it another time ? I heard about the track team . Yeah . And I heard about what happened to your brother So ... I 'll see you around Hey , do you wanna maybe do something sometime ? Yeah ! I 'm still waiting on that life-altering experience . Yeah I 'll work on that . Okay . Yes , I loved Jack once But I never could have predicted how things would change , how the world would change It wasn 't until many years later that I really * saw * Bobby That any of us did Hey Mom ! Started the space club . What are you doing ? I 'm hooking up the TV . Well does it work ? ! It will ! Wow . Where 's the synthesizer ? I took it back . You 're more of a sax type , anyway Bobby , I 'm sorry . I should have told you about your father I guess I just wanted you to have somebody to look up to , you know , somebody besides me . Something ... to aspire to ? Do you understand ? No . Right . Okay . Um , the summer after graduate school , I got this adjunct job , but it barely paid anything , so I also worked in the student union as a waitress Your father was ... a busboy He 'd just arrived from Mexico - from Guadalajara and he had a dream to be an architect And he had such ... such kindness . Like you My friends thought I was crazy , I mean they thought the language barrier would make it impossible for us , but , actually , it , well , made that part easier See , we understood each other enough to , to , well , enough to ... be together , but not enough to last Why not ? Maybe I thought I wanted to be somebody 's wife A wife ! I don 't think I even knew what that word meant We just ... we weren 't happy And so , he left His name was Juan Roberto del Alba That 's why I called you Jack and Bobby For * his * names . John and Robert . That 's why ? Yeah . It 's so boring ! I know ! The truth usually is But Bobby , I ... this is something I don 't ... I don 't usually tell ... people this ... I get it . I get it . Okay . As perfect as you are , something 's wrong ... I know it 's ... what if - What 's going on ? We got a TV ! One hour per night is the limit . But ... what if a movie 's on ? Might be negotiable ... if it 's something historical , or if there 's an educational element like if it 's a gardening show , or a cooking show , or ... or ... not Come on , what do you guys wanna watch for the inaugural programme ? Um , well - We can 't . We 've gotta go . Go get your running shoes . Fine ! Fine . In the end , I loved both men . Grace used to say , Jack and Bobby were like two sides of one coin Without Bobby , Jack might never have learned compassion Without Jack , Bobby might never have gained strength So what are we doing out here , Jack ? Running . I gotta stay in shape if I wanna be back in the team in January . Yeah but I can 't run . You can run as far as you can run Tomorrow you 'll run a little further , now warm up . Do you think that because we 're hanging out more , I can become cool ? No . Eventually ? Probably not . What about me isn 't cool ? You get too excited about things . Cool people aren 't excited ? They don 't act excited . Why not ? Because it 's not cool ! Sounds like a lot of work . Are we gonna be running by Courtney 's house ? Depends on how far you wanna go . Are you two like dating now ? No . But she does like you , right ? I don 't know ! Do you like her ? Maybe . Sure . Well you should tell her then ! I 'm sure if you tell her , then - Bobby . I 'll handle it . I loved Jack the way you love the first time Bobby ? Bobby was my life You know , he called me up one day , out of the blue this was a while after Jack died he said he had this crazy idea to run for Congress and he wanted to know if I 'd help out with his campaign Stuff a few envelopes . It all went so fast , after that Congress , the governor 's mansion , the White House Us . They called him the ' Great Believer ' , and it 's true . There was this lightness about him , even then We saw some dark hours during his Presidency And it was in those times that he used to say the wrong brother became President . Now remember , just run as far as you can If you have trouble breathing , stop . I 'm afraid , Jack . Don 't be . Let 's go . The night before the presidential election , the race was still tight , the outcome uncertain If Robert McCallister did win , it would be by a negligible margin People associate this image with a President 's determination , as he steels himself for battle in the crucial hours to come They say it tells the story of a man who sensed his destiny , and chased it In truth , it was none of these things McCallister had asthma . Had from boyhood He was simply pausing , as he often did before a speech , to catch his breath
