 the entire universe compressed into a space the size of a proton . Then the Big Bang ... blew it apart . Matter , converted from energy , swirled and compressed itself into stars Red Giants ... and tiny white dwarfs . Stars congealed into galaxies . Massive nebulae and timeless spiral clusters , spinning faster and faster into the endless void . Black holes arose , swallowing matter . Constellations filled the night sky . Libra ... Stifficus . Planets took form . Moons arose ... Atoms formed molecules , then molecules formed life throughout the universe ... Alien creatures , hideous in form . The earth took form . Then God appeared . And Gods voice was heard . Shut up you stupid monkey ... And then a single celled organism evolved into the highest form of intellect known to God ... MAN . It was one of those days you never forget . I 'd arrested Osmond Bin Laden at a Lakers-Knicks game . Now I was back in D. C. on the QT making my way asap to the HQ when I heard the APB : - All available units to big joes , hostage situation , armed terrorists . The police needed my negotiating skills , perfected by years of volunteer service with the pet rescue division . Coaxing cats out of trees and gerbils out of holes , made you smart about a lot of things . This is the Washington police force . There is no way out . You have five minutes to give yourselves up , and counting . You 're surrounded ! Throw down your arms ! Now ! Come out ! We 've got ya ! - Yeah ? And we 've got burgers and hostages and fries ... - I 'm ordering you to give yourselves up ! And I 'm ordering one car and one plane . One plain what ? - One plain plane . With pilot . I want those hostages ! Now ! - One hostage coming up ! Those hostages were my new gerbils . They needed marshal Dick Dix to free them . Shit ! Dix ! This is police business ! You have no jurisdiction here ! Now get lost ! Alright ! Well ... Let 's play a little game of Simon says , good ... Simon says : Get your hands on your head and line up in front of me here ... hurry it up ! Let 's go . What are you ? A bunch of fanatics ? You hate this county , you 're mad just because we don 't play soccer here ? - But Mr. Simon , we are the hostages . Who do you think you 're talking to ? A dummy ? These hard-working immigrants are the backbone of this country ! They put the damn on the hover , they put the railroad ties over the great divine and they did it with a smile buddy . They weren 't mad at anybody . No . Don 't lower yourselves to their level . I 'll take care of this . I 'll seek to it that they get a fair trial and then we 'll strung them up . Fire the tear gas ! I 'm gonna kill him ! Dix ! Dix ! Let 's get one thing clear . This situation was not created by the police but it was created by people who are getting in the way of the police . The police aren 't there to create disorder . The police are here to protect disorder . You come back here ! There 's nothing better than a job delicately handled , but now it was a time to meet the big boss Secretary Osgood . I loved my job . Every day was different . Every assignment was different . Everything about the department was different . Enough , enough , stop , stop . - This is not respectful for the deceased . To the untrained eye , this looked like the normal bullpit of any old precinct . But hidden deep within the bowels of this house grave matters of state were at play . Dix , come on in . Good to see you , my boy . - Good to see you Mr. Secretary . This is Cassandra Menage , Executive Officer on Vegan . - How do you do ? She is in charge of Human and Alien affairs . - Some kind of dating service ? She oversees our sensitive Alien operations ! - Well there 's nothing sensitive about them . All you need is to tighten up the borders . - Dix , I 'm talking about alien Aliens . Alien , aliens . You mean like from outer space ? Yes , Vegan is a lunar base , just like Area 51 , but shielded from Earth by a reflective bubble , and there are plenty of Aliens there . Cassandra files classified reports to the various international governments . This latest one she delivered it in person . If what she says is true , the future of the planet is at stake . - Now that could be serious . I know it smells funny , but the President of the United States has been kidnapped and is being held captive on Vegan . The man in the White House is a clone . Just a minute , it says here the man in the White House is a clown . Clone . Clone . That 's what it says here . - Yeah , I know . That 's my report ... This isn 't a joke , Dix . - I know that Sir , but I saw the President on television the other night . - That wasn 't the President . She 's right . We 're all set for Memory Recapture . Have a seat Marshal . Cassandra , your brainwaves will be transmitted to the screen , so we 'll be able to see exactly what you saw and heard . When you 're ready , I want you to tell us what happened . Close your eyes , relax and let your unconscious take over . Let your mind go blank . Dix . Dix ! You need to watch the screen . I 'd gone to the Vegan mines to investigate a grievance by one of the miners ... After a lot of turns and twists , I realized I was completely lost . My way was blocked by a cave-in . Then I noticed light coming through a crack in the wall . I moved forward and found myself in a room overlooking some kind of operating theatre . A man was talking in an alien dialect , so I switched the Auto-Trans to English to see if I could recognize his voice , but I couldn 't . - I will get that sillicon for you if you will make me leader of the new world . By using DNA building blocks I will create clones of existing world leaders who will follow our orders . Activate the cloning machine , and now for our latest clone creation . A world leader admired by all . And there he was , Groucho Marx . But what happen next was more frightening still . - In Washington , the man in power , the President , is a clone ... our clone . Now , let me ... introduce you to his predecessor , the real President of the United States ! Now we got cloning control , we will take your earth and all it 's silicon too , then its hasta la vista . Bastards ! And that 's when I ran , as fast as I could . - They took the President , took his DNA and put an impostor in the White House . Kidnapping , robbery , and fraud . Breaking the law . - Dix , I want you to go to Vegan to make a routine inspection . I 'll arrange the clearances . If the President is there , find him and bring him back . The implications here are very grave . Any mistakes , even fumbles , will be denied at this end . You 're acting on your own . And when you both meet again on Vegan , you 've never seen each other before . I 've forgotten already . - It 'll take me longer than that ... Oh ... that 's so nice . - Oh , thank you , I always had a good memory , even as a boy . - Well , Marshal . Miss ... - Menage . If you don 't stop pulling your thing , you 're going to go blind , Richard ! But I like pulling on it , Mum ! Your son is rapidly loosing his sight . And we don 't know why , Ms. Dix . Mum , meet my new girl friend . Richard , you have to wear your glasses . I have the outer most faith in you , Marshal Dix , have a good flight . Thank you Mr. Secretary , but I think this must be broken . I didn 't have a lot of time . I had to catch a plane to cape Kennedy , then the shuttle to Vegan and avoid any pressing delays . The department was gonna to have to dive in at the deep end , because I was headed for the moon to maybe save the President of the United States . This should help beam me up . I 've got to get back to my ship . Scotty , Bones , Mr. Spock , where the hell are you ? Secretary Osgood was right when he told me there were plenty of aliens on Vegan . But he had forgotten to tell me how butt ugly they were . They were ugly from any direction . The rules : Smuggling or assisting any Alien back to Earth means immediate imprisonment . Open your bag , please . - Yo , is that Marshal Dix ? It 's ok . He 's police . Lieutenant Shitzu , Vegan Security . Misswick . - Miss who ? Misswick . M. S. W. I. C. Mother-Sucker-who 's-in-charge . Is this your bag ? I 'm writing a book ... - Welcome to Vegan , Marshal Dix ... That 's right isn 't it ? Dix ... as in more-than-one-dick ? Good to be someplace where your feet will do what you tell them to do ... Attention ! Sensors detected an alien hiding in a human life-form . Move down ! What 's going on ? - That fool 's a conversion . Do you need holy water for that ? - When these brothers first came here , we didn 't know about their plan to use conversions to take over the Earth . Lucky for us , all our asses were saved , due to the sounds of our modern life : Arcade , TV , rap , hip-hop . All that irritating ' shit . High-pitch sound makes these suckers explode . Close the lid , babboom ! Good . Fangullo . Mi scusi , mi dispiace . I am capitain Valentino Di Pasquale . I don 't speak Alien . - He ain 't kickin ' no jive-ass Alien lingo ! He jes ' tryin ' to show some love ! - What ? Mi dipacia , dlabola . He try to speak-a inna piccolo Ebonico . - Pickle what ? No disrespect , y 'all up in this ice cream and you don 't even know the flavour ! You think he don 't understand plain Inglish ? Please , my father was from Brooklolino ... - Yo man , did years in Vegas babe , who can take the sun , yea . Right back babe , yea . That guy is right , Marshal , this way , this way . Andiamo ! Our operation and research director , Dr Pratt , will show you around . The base commander couldn 't be hear , cuz ' he 's out playing golf . Everything is alright ! Good , that means that nothing works . - But he did ask me to escort you to a reception here tonight . Yeah , one stronzo alien less . Dr Pratt ? Dr Pratt ! Yes , Lieutenant ? - Oh , you scared me again , you got me . You keep on getting me each time , I tell you . This is Marshal Dix . Ah , yes , right on time . I 'll never understand these inspections . What are we looking for this time ? - Routine ... Perhaps you may be interested in my pièce de resistance . Piece of what ? - A scale replica of the entire complex . Here 's the entrance to the mines ... the administration complex ... the spaceport ... all the details ... Now ... We are ... here . No , no , no , don 't touch . Its very delicate . Doctor , the next time you 're on Earth , I 'll show you the Piper Club model I made . - I 'd certainly look forward to that . Here 's the report , Doctor Pratt . - Thank you , gentlemen , my assistant , Yetta Pussel . - Gentlemen ... I took the liberty of requesting a copy of the last routine inspection . Now , all our research is carried out here . Our study of silicon , for example . Abundant on Earth , non-existent on many other planets . For most Aliens it 's life supporting , like food to us . Hence our ongoing conflict with them and our tight security here . Works real good on the old Johnson . - Johnson ... President Johnson ? There are no Presidents on Vegan . I 'm afraid we 're being battered by a mistaken sense of humor . - Alright , my main man Marshal Dix . Okay ? - Dr Uschi Künstler , Senior Base Science Officer . - Doctor ? Yes . Of psychology , parapsychology and solar proctology ... I also supervise genetic replication ... Clones . - Are those clones ? No just plain old-fashioned rabbits . But we 've made major advances with sheep . Molly for instance , was created only yesterday , the exact age and likeness of Dolly , her mother-in-law . - Can you do that with human beings ? No , that is not allowed . - It 's strictly against international policy . I should hope so . It 's against my policy , too . I was in the Marines . - Careful , that 's the rapid-cloning switch . You tamper with that , and we 'd be overrun with all kinds of animals . - The officer of Human Alien Affairs , Miss Menage , will show you your quarters . - I 'm headed in that direction . Maybe , the Marshal and I can go down together and meet her . I just met him . Yes , from what I can see , he 'll be absolutely fine ... Welcome to Vegan , Marshal Dix ... - I 'm glad to be here . Oh , the very person we wanted to see . This is Marshal Dix . Oh ! He is ... he is ... here ... on a routine inspection . Yes , I can see that ... Menage . Cassandra Menage . The Marshal ... needs to be accommodated . Marshal , you can ... let me down now . Perhaps you can take care of his needs . Does he have any needs left to be taken care of ? Well , it was nice meeting you Marshal Dix . - Thank you , me too . Marshal , if you please . I had checked into the room I 'd be sharing with Capitaine Di Pasquale . Unpacked my stuff and then sent Cassandra off to the library to look for plans that might lead us to the location of the cloning lab . And now on with the dead crime-motive sketch to the alien I had seen on Osgood 's recapture screen . I was ready for a little lunar socializing and snooping . Hey ! What are you doing ? I 'm your escort , I 'm keeping tabs on you . - Take your hand out of my pocket . Keep tabs on somebody else . - Hey champagne . Apparently , some of these aliens learned English by monitoring movies on our tv transmission satellites . They all sounded like Hollywood actors . Even here everyone wants to be a star . - I saw the Alien that was in the caves . Yes , me too ... Two ? - Yea ? Ah , Marshal Dix , there you are . - How do you do ? Commander Sir Cecil Humphrey Wickernuts . My wife , Oona Hottenlocker-Wickernuts . So you 're from Washington . I hope you 'll put in a good word for us . What 's that ? - I found it on the floor . Ah , it 's Grop ... no , no , no it 's Prong , yes ... no ... You know what they say . They all look alike . We 're throwing a party tomorrow at the club . Do join us . Miss Menage here will be singing , too . - What a voice she has ! True nightingale ... Thank you . - Miss Menage , enchanté . Excuse us , won 't you . There 's something I 'd like you to look at . Excuse me . - Of course . So , Marshal Dix , you gonna be my new roomate ? Molto bene , you see this is a good way to know where your food has been first . Excuse me . - Please . I thought you 'd like to hear how your Alien Courtesy Center 's coming along . It was your idea , you may remember . Perhaps you 'd like to come and see my renderings . - I 'd be happy to ... All erections on Vegan are rubber stamped by me , you know . That must keep you busy ... Hey there , you ever done it monkey style . Too bad , could have been a hairy ride . Oh my God , my dress ! Do like , the music ? I love the sound of the flute . Doctor Pratt , is this is yours ... Where did you get that ? - Fell on the floor . Thank you ... Come this way . Let 's sit here shall we . Miss Menage ... Waiter . Excuse me . I don 't think these false eyelashes become you . Bon appetit . - Merci . Excuse me , Doctor Pratt , Captain Pasquale is going to take me back to the apartment in a few minutes , you can reach me there , if you need me . Good night . Good night , Dix . Excuse me . - Yeah . Thanks . I thought I 'd never get rid of him . - Leave now , before he gets back . Okay , I 'll go . Thanks . Miss Menage has gone back to her apartment . She 's got a headache . Really , well , that 's too bad . - Oh , yes , real bad . It is important in life to have two boxes . One for food , and only one for fun . As you can see , I am not only a master of the buffet , I am a master ... of disguise . All kinds : look . What ? - Oh , the final touch . Now you don 't gonna to believe your eyes . Look my special magic maker . You like it . - Ah , very good . - I know . Oh , sorry . Let me un-zip your face . Oh , the telephone . - Yes . - I 'm at Pratt 's . It 's all clear . - I got over there faster than a speeding bullet , if you know what I mean . If any plans existed that could lead us to the human cloning lab and the president , I was sure this is were they would be . My job was to get in get the plans and get out as quickly and as quietly as possible . Cassandra , I 'm in . - Roger . It 's all clear down here . Oh ... I saw lights flashing in your office . And somebody was dancing the can-can . Right . Let 's have a look , shall we ? It 's Pratt . - I 'm coming . I 'm on my way . What kind of man would do something like that ? I know exactly what kind , Doctor Künstler . And I promise you , he going to pay dearly for this ... very dearly . Who is it ? - This is Dr Pratt . I want a few words with you , Marshal . - Yes . I don 't have all day , Dix . Just open the door , will you ? I 'll be a moment , Doctor Pratt . Open the door ! - Just putting on my trousers , just putting on my trousers . Ah , just cleaning yourself up , are you Marshal ? You are shaving , aren 't you ? - Yes , I shave my whole face . My wiskars grow pretty fast . I start very early when have important function to attend to , like the one this evening . Come in , come in . Oh , good to see you . - Let go of my hand Dix ! What are you doing ? You fool , let go of me . What are you doing to me ? Look at me . What are you doing . Dix you imbicile , stop it ! There is something I want you to know ... I know who you are and I know why you 're here ... But you will never going to find him ! The man behind the whole thing is Dr Griffen Pratt . He has told me he got the President prisoner , even challenged me to go find him . He 's as guilty as jam lips kissing a fruit tart . - Pratt . We have to be very careful . - Yea . I 'm going to change now . See you later . I think I 'll skip this one . You and Shitzu , keep an eye on Dr Pratt . - Ok . Please , Marshal Dix wants us to keep an eye on Dr Pratt . Capito ! Micione . Pratt ? Why doctor Pratt . - I don 't know . But I do know what I better do right now . Excuse me . Oh , what a line . Your Majesties and Humble Beings . Let 's hear a warm Vegan welcome for our star attraction : Miss Cassandra Menage ! I didn 't think anyone could take my mind off of Pratt , but suddenly there she was : On stage , a woman who could take anyone 's mind off of anything . She had deep nurturing instincts and strong family things that make her an ideal mother for an child . Cassandra was a nightingale . The old saying , wet birds never fly at night , I think she could fly anytime she wanted to . There he was , Dr Griffin Pratt . A man who could ruin anyone 's wet dream . Suave , cool with all the moves of a slick ballroom dancer . It was time for Dr Pratt to find out that he 'd met his match , his intellectual equal . I was about to arrange that introduction . Doctor Pratt ... you said to me , I know why you 're here and I know what you want . We 'll there 's something I want you to know , so do I. So do I ? - Yes , know why I 'm here , know what I want . We stand here facing each other like Chief Ten Bears and Josey Wales . Chief Ten Bears ? - He would say , There is iron in your words that you know , as there is iron in my words that I know . As there 's iron in the words that your living that you don 't know it . Turn back to Ten Bears before it 's too late . Chief Ten ... ? - Ten Bears . And the other one ? - Josey Wales . Who is he ? Clint Eastwood . - Clint Eastwood ... you are a very convincing thinker , Marshal . Let me get back to you . On this one . Out of order , it 's thirty minutes I 've been waiting here . You man stand clear , stand clear . - What is it ? Another Alien Conversion ? Close enough ... What 's the celebration about ? - You 'd be giggy too , bro , if you only dumped once a year . - Where 's Pasquale . I hate aliens . Why do they have eat fama beans , fangulo ? Okay fellas , now come on , you 've been over-served here . Marshal , Marshal . - Yes . I have to speak to you . - Is this some kind of performance ? He 's a cyborg , it happens all the time , I 'll to put him back together tomorrow , he 's going to be just fine . Come on , I need to talk to you . Make yourself at home . I 'm gonna be right back . Hello . Something 's going on . I don 't know who 's behind it . I don 't know what they 're doing , or why they 're doing it . All I know is , I know , I want you to know . Well , I 'm glad you told me . - Marshal , I know exactly why you 're here . I can help you , but therefore you have to trust me . Did you know that a male lion can mate forty-five times in three hours ? I don 't have a lion . I don 't even have a dog . One of the advantages of working undercover , was that sometimes things got uncovered that you didn 't expect to get uncovered , and you learned about things that you didn 't expect to learn about . Whatever Dr Kunstler was trying to hide , she sure wasn 't doing a very good job . - Anything you mind , Dick ? No , I 'm not even thinking . Doctor Künstler ! Get a grip ! That does it , it 's time you went home . - I am at home . It 's time I went home . - Stay ... Don 't you want to find out the rest ? - No , the stuff about the lion , that was good enough for me . There you are ! At last you come ! My God , is that all you people do up here in the evenings ? It is good for the lip , Marshal , a nice , sweet , warm decaf , non-fat latte , a touch of mocha , no foam . Do you want some ? - No , thank you . I came by to see how Valentino was doing after that dreadful thing at the club . Pretty bad , huh ? - I also told him about the President being a prisoner . We need all the assistance we can get . Yeah , but ... - The elephant is sitting on my lips . I say nothing to Lieutenant Shitzu . - I saw you leave the club with Dr Künstler . What happened ? - Oh ... nothing ! Strange young lady . Another wild goose chase . I don 't know about the wild goose , but the chase looks like it was very exciting . No , it is a little cold in here , I think I 'll have some of that hot coffee . My God ! Someones ' stolen my zipper ! I thought I said no contact . - I know sir . But I am now convinced the President is here and is being held prisoner . The man behind it is Doctor Griffin Pratt . - Are you sure ? - I 'm positive . Send in the Galactic National Guard . - Who is it ? No ! That would sign the President 's death warrant . You must handle this with Miss Menage . Confront Pratt , threaten him , anything . But work fast . The President 's life is at stake , to say nothing of our planet . What this impostor will say at conference in Paris on Friday , God only knows . Momento . Don 't you think for a minute that Marshal Dix is doing nothing up here . He 's dealing with one of the most important man of the American government . This guy , lives in a big white house , but I can 't tell you who is him . Cassandra ? Cassandra ? Wait a minute , you mean the President is a prisoner here on Vegan ? How did you know ? - You just told us , man . - Ah , fangulu , I did not . - Yes you did ! - I did ? - Yes . Doctor Griffin Pratt . - I hope you don 't think there 's anything you 've missed the other night , Marshal . - Just one thing , you , you 're under arrest , you have the right to remain silent ... - Before you say another word , there 's something I want you to know . I was ordered to reconstitute the President . Reconstitute ? What does that mean ? - First ... drain all his body fluids ... - What 's that ? Some sort of enema ? No , no , no , drain all his blood . Then reconstitute it into refined plasma , ready to activate , the clone . - Well ... wouldn 't that kill him ? Most certainly . - I thought so . The thought of killing the President has kept me up all night . Well , to be perfectly honest , I may have dozen off , so at least half the night . I don 't know how I let this happen . I feel like I was drugged or brain-washed or whatever they did to me . But your words about Chief Ten Bears and Josey Eastwood ... - Clint Eastwood . Eastwood ... brought me to my senses and I must undo the damage I 've done ! I want to take you to the President and help you get him out of here . But fast . Faster than you think . I just came from Cassandra 's apartment . She 's been kidnapped . - Kidnapped ? Abducted ? Up till now it 's a simple kidnapping . She left a note on her door in glue . See it says Help , spelled backwards , H.E.L.P. We 'd better get moving . There may be two lives we have to save . This is the easiest way to get to the President . But don 't touch that button . Follow me ... Mr. Dix , meet the President . Mr. President , is that really you ? That depends on what you mean by is . ... are that really you ? - Of course it 's me . I keep telling these people about my birthmark . Here , take a look . I 'm the only man with a birthmark like that . Almost a perfect four-leaf clover . It does look like a four-leaf clover . - If that isn 't sufficient , then give me the name of someone who plays the sax as good as this . Mr. President , I 'm convinced . My name is Marshal Dix , International Security Force . I 'm here to take you back to Washington where you belong . - Great . Yea . Cassandra ! When did you get here ? Surely , you didn 't think it was going to be as easy as all that , did you , Dix ? Now , do you wish to become a Rodman or a Rodham ? I see the President is getting upset . Perhaps we should switch him with Cassandra . - Alright , that 's he does it ! You 're under arrest ! And so are these bozos , here . You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say will be written down ... Seize them ! Such grace ... Such property ... What a cunning stunt . Any move and I 'll ripe your faces off . I was a sucker for that romantic talk . This young woman could not only sing like a dove , she was blessed with a serene peace that would have been at home in a Tibetan monastery . She had everything : the delicate footwork of a ballet dancer , the high-kicks of a Rockette . Boy , did I love those high-kicks . Very impressive . But now as they say , it 's your turn to bite the dust . I 'm glad you were here . I feel safe with you . Let 's not talk about me . We gotta get out of here . Follow her , Mr. President . Captain Pasquale . See if you can locate Lieutenant Shitzu and doctor Kunstler . Meet us in front of the research center . We 're heading for Washington D.C. and the White House and bring your make-up case . Who was this guy ? - Come on , all of you , Rupert up again , come on Kubrick , pull yourself together , up , that 's it , good boys , good boys . No , no , wait , let them go . Di pasquale worked hard and fast to disguise the President as Fidel Castro , or ZZ Top , take your pick . Anyway , it was the perfect way to get to Washington . - It 's me , it 's me . Oh sorry . Step back . Please . - I wonder if ZZ Top needs a sax player ? It was good to see Washington D.C. again , but this was no time to sightsee . In couple of days , that clone-clown would be shooting his mouth off in Paris . I 'd contracted Secretary Osgood . He came up with a water tight plan to make the switch . - Okay guys , time for me to shake hands with little willie . Marshal , did you bring an umbrella ? - No , just grab him before he takes aim . Di Pasquale disguised the President that nobody would think twice about . A dirty old man . Yes . At the Three Tenors Gala Concert in Paris this Friday night , following the International Heads of State Conference , I will announce changes that will benefit the future of our world forever . - Good job . Well done , everyone . Now all that remains is to get our friend off to clone heaven . We kept Earth to ourselves for far too long . - What ? Hey , that 's Doctor Pratt ? - Yea , yea , it 's-a him ! We must be willing to reach out ... Please , there are forces at work here , let 's just forget about it and move on . Now if someone will give me a hand getting our imposter out of here ... Wait . This is moving a little too fast . I think there are forces at work . But I think that they 're our own . More than possible , that we 've been set up to put clone in the White House ... And take the real President out . - Right . Why are you the President ? - Because of the birthmark ! When you 're cloned , your birthmark is cloned , too . But I don 't have a birthmark ! I had it removed three months ago . Personal reasons . If you 'll give me a little help , I 'll show you . Oh , my God ! - Doctor Künstler , the birthmark should be on the side ! - You see where there used to be something , but now there is no birthmark there now . - There is a simple solution . One dead president . - So it 's not just Doctor Pratt , it 's you , too . - Very good , Dix . Now that really is a job well done . - Not well enough done , Mr. President . Do you have anyone you can trust who can get us to Paris ? - Yes . The President 's plan was genuine but his travel plans didn 't fly . Then suddenly our luck turned full circle and we were airborn . The job was to undo what I had already undone . There was the president , and he had a birthmark on his left hip to prove it . We had the real president but he had removed the birthmark , so we couldn 't prove anything . How it would be all worked out , I didn 't know , but I did know that the President had to make every effort to keep his pants on . Thank you very much . Thank you , thank you . Bonjour , bonjour . C , what is a four letter word for word ? Do you have reservation . - I have reservations about being asked about if we have reservations . In America they have Indians , they have reservations , but no one asks if they have them . What is that ? - That is a hockey cup . Yea , we use it to play sand hockey in the desert ... Do you have identification . - Well , yea ... Ah , prince yaboty of Jabooty , good to see you son , take this , it 's me Shitzu ... Good to see you . Oh my god . Doctor Pratt wouldn 't look under this . - You look too conspicuous . Me , how about you ? That arab accent sounds kind of German . Ah , really , it is a rat trap ... Do you have an invitation ? - Yes , of coarse . The artist formerly known as ... It is Prince , in disguise . Excuse me Mr. Formally known as , smile please . Wait , you 're not the artist formely known as Prince . The real artist is over here . My God , it 's the Pope . Come on Dix , let 's get out of here before he corners us . They serve Italian dinner tonight . I think I 'll have the Toreodor . Yabooty , yabooty , you camel , pay me what you owe me . Keep a low profile . Did he call me a camel . They wanted you to play a saxophone solo after which intermission ? The White House itinerary said after the first intermission that I would appear magically on stage through a trap-door . But we don 't have a sax . We will . - Hey hello , do you want to taste an ice-cream , it 's very , very good . Here , take it . Or maybe you like vanillia , vanillia is wonderful , the best Italien ice flavor . Pistachio , bonissimo . You like ice cream . No . - No , thank you very much . Gelati , gelati , gelati ! Mon sax . Voleur . Ice cream , gelaté , italiana , chocolato , vanillia , gorgonzola ... Oh signore , congratulations . This is a great ice cream , it ... . Sir , you will have to move ! - Please . Let it go . Shit ! I 'm sorry Ms. President , I 'm really sorry . - No , no , it was only an accident . You see , it was only an accident . - Okay , we got this , go back to work . Thanks for stopping by . - I see our friends are here . Do you want an ice cream . - I think we 'd better alert the police . I think I better go check to find out what 's going on . The gang 's all here . Oh , ice cream . One is disguised as an ice cream vendor , the other as a French police officer . What , merde ! - Inspector Wazoo , the President 's life may be at stake . We will search zi place from top to bottom . Allons ! Vite ! Allons ! Casse-toi ! We knew where they were at the hotel in Washington , didn 't we , Osgood ? You had to be there . You were busy being the man in the moon . I was there . They only can make the switch under the stage at the trap-door lifts . Let 's take a look , shall we ? - Let 's go get your saxophone and check backstage . - What did the Japanese delegation say ? Oh , you can 't understand a word they say . They said , would I enjoy sushi . Well I said sure thing man , send Suzi to my room . Oh , I 'm just kidding , you could trust me baby . Hey , this is no a rap concert . I hate Opera . Take this . - Ditch the Arab disguises . They 're checking everyone . Maybe there 'll be some costumes under the stage ? Are you okay ? Where are we ? - Under the stage . Do you think , the roof ? There must be something in here , now you stay in that outfit , so keep your face covered . There must be something here for me . So we won 't look so much like a team . That a good idea , Dix . It 's mostly woman 's clothes in here . Allo ? Allo ? - Oui , oui , oui ... allo ! That 's what I call a really nice prop there Maestro . Maestro , is it that you ? - Yea , yea , it 's the Maestro ? Oh , I heard zis crash ! Are you alright ? It was an accident . I 'm a-changing my robes , as Pharaoh to the robe I use for singing for farrow in the Aida . Oh ... pardon . Oh la là ! I told you they were not right . You know this is probably zee wrong time . But could you just sing une petit note , a little note per ... Si , si . Molto grande , molto grande , molto grande , Clementine . you gone and I lost forever , molto grande , clementine . Merci , I 'm sorry , these are for yours . - No , no , you keep them , as a memento , they are not the right condom for my beard . Merci , I will cherish these . - Arrividerci . Merci . - Pronto di salami . - Chow . Pasta di fasa-ota . What is this ? - The platform . Up and down , up and down . What the hell is this ? Pardon , pardon . You ' ave piss ? - Well , I had one three hours ago . Does that count ? - Show me your piss . What ? - You need a big-stodge piss . Backstage ... Okay ... I think he said backstage pass ... Don 't touch the control panel . Zis is where everything is controlled . No one will get pissed while I am here . Fix the controls . If it looks like they 're going to succeed , kill the President ... the real one that is . I want them found and seized . - There is no one ... Ah , shut up you fool ! I got and a rest now and then changing my costumes for the second act . When I come back , you had better have caught them or else ... schnip , clip , swish . Capice ? You know the story about the women in the doctors office . She says , I 'm sick . He says , well here , let me take your temperature through your rectum . What is a going on here . I am an outrage . Oh Maestro , oh I have to thank you again for this . You see I have kept it close to my heart . - What are you talking about , I didn 't give you anything . Besides my condoms are engraved with my portrait and covered with fur . These are counterfeit ! Now out of my way ! - Oh , counterfeit , Maestro . Doctor Kunstler is one of them . She 's a superspy . I told you she was a supp ... suppository . I knew she was in bed with Pratt . - What ? And she had me in her apartment . She danced for me , rubbed her body all over mine . Used her tongue . The slut , a lap dance . - Could have been ... Lappland , Finland ... Then she told me about the lion . They mate forty-five times in three hours . How many times ? - You just keep your eyes on Kunstler . She has order to kill the President . She gets up on the tables . He gets behind her . Wardrobe ! Wardrobe ! Where is my costume ? I know it was here . I hung it myself . - And I 'll hang you myself , if you don 't find it . - Luciano ! They came to hear you sing , not see your clothes . - You think the French won 't notice if I 'm on an Italian battlefield fighting the Germans wearing American boxer shorts ? " Hey doctor , that 's not my rectum . " " Yea , that 's ain 't my thermometer either . " Mr. President , we 're ready for you now : Well , I 'm on . - Good luck snookums . no more birthmark games tonight , just remember , you don 't have one anymore , but there 's a clone and he does have it . So you just keep your pants on tonight and keep your fingers crossed that Osgood won 't remember what he thought he saw in the hotel , thought he didn 't see what he thought he saw in the hotel , I was right the first time . First the condoms , now my costume . And you still haven 't found them . Your robe . - Sure . Skuzi . Or rather , that he doesn 't know what he thought didn 't see in the hotel . he didn 't see the birthmark and ... Monsieur le President . Everything is chicked and ready . blow your instrument with cuntfidence , knowing that I am holding the fart . Thank you , thank you , and now , Ladies and Gentlemen , it gives me great pleasure to introduce our surprise guest . So far so good . - Don 't be a pessimist . I like the way he blows his horn - My son like to tute too . Let 's go ! You alright ? Here , catch the saxophone . So , now ? - I 'll lower the trap door . You get on it , go up and I 'll bring the clone down and put the arm on him . What ? You messed up things for the last time . Yes ! Ça va merde ! 'oo is ' oo ? We have here , two President . Two of them , my gosh , this could be an interns nightmare . Two , identicule . Identical , yes ... But are our memories the same ? Here 's something I composed when I was six years old . No one knows it . So , now who is the real President ? Okay ... How about this one ? I learned it yesterday . Not so good , huh ! There 's your clone . He remember everything about my life , Until the time he was cloned and nothing after that . Right , there 's your clone , Dr Pratt . - You 're the one who did this to me . I 'm going to destroy you . You hear me . What ... - Lord , give me a sign . You 've got mail . God says , let there be music , on with the show . So much for taking over the world ! - I just wanted to rid the world of idiots . Look out ! Oh that 's going to leave a mark . The solution is , kill the President . Holy shit baby . Hasta Lavista baby . Ladies and Gentlemen , This may have been the greatest save of all time ... and the man responsible for this , is from Interplanetary Security : Marshal ' Dick ' Dix . Thank you , Mr. President . - You 're very welcome Marshal Dix and the world thanks you . Now I knew what it was like to be a roman candle on the 4th of July . But this hero stuff was not for me . I was ready to get back on the beat , hear the wail of sirens and my gun and play with my handcuff Yes , I was ready to plant my flag back in Washington D.C. where every congressmen has the constitutional right to be a felon . Good old America . Here 's your soup Sir . Mmm , smells great . Well , I want to drink a toast . I want to drink a toast to you . No to you . You 've made the world a safe place again . Well your high kicks , help out pretty good there , too , you know . How are things on Vegan ? I hear you 've gotten a promotion . Yes , I 'm responsible for all new erections . Congratulations , I 'm not a bit surprised . I love spending my vacations here on earth . This place is so peaceful ... the ocean ... the music ... The product placements ... Are you alright ? Just picking my teeth . There 's something I need to tell you . I see dead people . What ? - I see dead people . Look . David Bowie . Our dessert specials today are silicon hooter pie with whipped cream , for you . We have silicon-lips ice cream , for you . - And we 've got guns , big guns , for you . Guns , big guns , those aren 't guns ... This is a gun . Oh , Marshal , you 've made the world a safe place again , again . Your so wonderful , you know you could be my father . Oh , no , no . That concert was the first time I was in France , ever . Oh , Richard . Subtitles : VICOMEDIA 11 / 2002
