 Things just packed come on your way Roger 'll be on the truck Don 't forget my share Two to none , no crash I don 't know how it is Everyday for the last three weeks you come here and ask me I am as crapy as yesterday and guess what Hasn 't changed no crust no crust Thank you Tell me Jessy where is your brother Come on , we got home This why you are the third What is he up for ? . is he crazy ? come on men , he just brings parts for hary Hi , guys Hi , girl What you have done ? Want something to drink ? He is beautiful Fens Fens what you need anything ? good see you tomorrow tomorrow Fag you are here for thouble Bullshit asshole no one likes you here ? Jesus christ Would you get there stop the shit ? no heeding , get out there where to put your sandwich ? Dominica Hi men , he hurt my face Relax don 't push you are embarrassing me just give me the one Bran Bensimel sounds like a series killer 's name no man Don 't come around here and you know this is bullshit you work for hary , right ? Yes , just started you are just fired I appreciate it in a big way I owe you Bran you mess with my business When Dominica drive he is gold He has everyting he wants and they pay cash you don 't want to know What Dominica say ? What Dominica say ? He wants you out here He wants me out here ? Yes and what you said to Dominica ? What you think I said ? I told him good helper is hard to find Hi , relax I need Nos I need Nos I reached 140 mile this morning It is not the natural way I saw the way you drive you have heavy foot you 'll blow yourself to pieces I want this , the big ones It makes two I need them tonight Hold on We have a new man right here you run in this car , man ? You 'd make me find the high way ? I have a last name too but I can 't pronounce it I am branet a typical winner see that over there that is mine But I could hold this tonight why not becaust I an going to jet try to get a circle you heard that ? oh , yeah what brought here ? I am here to win you sure ? everyone has his days one thing we know is you stain your car your race car you better learn that Hi , shit , they come here of course you did I smell skins you girls packed out before you get marks on your face we just talking OK , Hega How are you doing , man two cars jet it when it takes off I hack It is a way to make money man OK , good luck , guys I don 't have any cash but I have the pap of my car you think you can join by it ? I know I can box let 's check it out I lose winner takes my car but I win I take the cash and the pap back same poople are more important ? that your car ? . It is a kind system That will cost ten thousand dollsrs So what you say ? I don 't know yet but you are in let 's go What the hell is going on anound here ? The car party , boy find another way home this is yours wether you win or lose but if you win you get her too you get to win I am to win Cops are not here we got to roll , I repeat Let 's race go Let 's go no Monica shut up you win This is lots money Hi , Monica , so ? What your problem you didn 't win Fuck you Is that fun ? What you smile about ? I almost had you you almost had me ? you never had me ? you never had your car ? . you lose like you should you just lose a bad engine almost had me ? Mow I 'll ride the block with your brokeu car It can be any racer It don 't matter how you win Winning is winning report a street race along cops cops cops girls get in the car Hold it off get in you are the last man I expect to show off I thought you will let me keep my car If I do you a favor you have my graces but Jean 'll keep your car you try to do this what you want man ? no you like cars ? no , never a couple of nights I 'llwin it back what about two years in jain for street car race ? two is all right they just make your profile they find any thing on the web anything about anybody so why bullshit so what about you ? two years in jail I dare not to go back or , great That 'll be a long nice night pull over I thought we have a agreement you stay away I stay away everybody stay away we got lost , I will tell you my new mechanic Bran we were chased by cops and we are here Is you right ? He was I am taking delivery Is somebody 's car ? . what you think ? It is a amazing machine let 's go I 'll see you in the desert next month be ready to have your ass two of you we don 't need any crap I have something for you what the hell is that about ? I 'll tell you later Let 's get out of here gas So what the hell is that about ? It is a long story you got a twenty mile hike It is about past once I made a mistake sleeping with her sister take care you want a beer ? . Yes , sure you are not men , we are just about where are you ? there are cops they come in evry directions we are chased your beer ? . take your time with the girl are you all right ? am I all right ? Is a question your Don , why you bring the bastard here ? cause he got me out cops The bastard bring me back you coud be anywhere you want as long as it is correct enjoy it He get upset about me he think he is right You know nothing about him He is right , Dominica Thare was a time I did not know you In the 3rd grade you need to shut up you don 't have anything you look a bit tired you should go up stairs give me a massage How about go upstairs give me a massage ? you know you can 't turn in a can your wife see ? would you cut the shit ? come on come go get your drink man , we don 't get along well so , what you want ? my brother likes you he don 't like anybody what did you get ? what about you I am sinple not get the compliment there is a problem you need get some sleep definitely a shower come on show me your hands open the door put your hands on your head walk back to the wheel take two steps to your right stop right there what I do shut up He is clean , sergeant damn , take these things off you put on it right you never know who is watching nece trip sergeant see what he has confiscated you are a cop with talent OK , here he is That is an 18 thousand vehicle , officer you tell me what happened you know what happened why don 't you send the bill to Johu chen The kids got attitude that 's important for FBI relatious all right all right we 'll talk Let 's talk about it be carefull sergeant I 'll be carefull For hijack g two months we don 't have anything Those digital camera DVD plyer alone worth two million we are in the political crusade that is why you are undercop you have to act fast , Kid FBI can help What the truck driver say ? He gave something ambiguity man with helmet two race cars they attack and knock him out so we know somebody in the street involved the driver is taking medicines I promise to close the case soon you want make me a liar ? . what we know ? we know the sereet boys may involved If I come across something I am sure to let you know but I can 't guarantee you anything you want me tired by the magazine we don 't have time Just give me something I can use Is herga cooperative ? Yes If he dosen 't he can 't get his car property He is scared to death but he is trying and e can 't control It is not I want contradict Herga 's character but he really had a hard time if he dosen 't help , we 'll turu our back on him Tener I need a car I don 't know what to do it what the hell is this ? What you got there ? this is your car I said ten secoud car Not tell ninutes car you could push the car to finish it It could be a trolley no face This is a junk this is a garage It is no shit what did I tell you I 'll trust my previous state This will polished after you pay 15 grands or more If we have overnight parts from Japan what is the turbine I 'd give you some racing so you make some money of that there is car race in the desert that 's what we 'll do If you don 't work for heny you can work here but can you find the right tool in the garage ? you don 't owe your car he like you now Tell me what you think about this ? It will give her a better attraction this is the basic form of your car that 's pretty much what it looks like when it finshed red green you should have gone MIT or sth ? I got the , oh what is it called ? attention disorder or ADD Yes , that shit It 's going to be mess shit Everything else I fail something about engine callms we down I am out here Kids stay here give us a hand you have the helper you need brother because you are here the first to reach chicklen you say grace Drar heaven spirit spirit thank you for providing us the right part of nutrition injection Four color turbine and titany love story Armen Bran get the car Gods He is not the best oh , he is us How about you ? Hungry ? you know I got to eat He is always hungry sit down how are you doing , man ? you have something else no , the boys are watching movie Yeah , they like to go there you don 't go there No , I don 't take my brother 's friends Yes , he got to kick their assholes I would pain to see that wash my car when you are down I talk a little pop you win your favorit jacket when I push you to the street This thing broken ? What wrong with this thing ? What 's the cuba restaurant you are to took me to ? will you be there ? Friday night will it good for you ? Yes , pretty good make you damn foot part Hi , brother what we done here ? have some new helper so what you need I need you help me out for everyting I made a list When you need this stuff ? tomorrow today now Feso , pass the money that is right you need all these ? Yes what you think about that ? Looks like a cop Bran It is one of those times you must think clearly about what you say now you understand sit down Tell me what the hell you done here ? What I do I owe you a ten second car This is a race horse I just went in there hope to find something useful he has some nice cars so what you say ? you 'd go and check everybody out one after another ? . Yes Because you know I can 't lose again He is a cop he is a cop You a cop ? Lee 's go for a litle ride stayed watch you Dominic it 's no engines how can it race games ? I don 't know I just know the shit money can get anything Nope what 's this ? we get a wolf pad he 's come in your way really fast all right we got company Sponer come on ! move ! let me ask you question do you see anything wrong here no we got problem here now do it ! do it ! come on we got 20 motors pull it of before we race the games probably you are smart teddy maybe too smart what 's your feeling ? 40 way 50 way 40 way sounds nice teddy swallow swallow in the warehouse in the warehouse Teddy kiss my shoes let 's go set rages my superiors will fly to D.C the day after tomorrow I want something to show off now we have problem this month everyone must ready for it these days and these DVD players tell me why we should move it rignt now because we all have this behavior just give us evidence we have now is ... what we have problem cars ? I mean that old fashion tell me about Hecter what kind of experience Hecter still work in engines and cars somebody give me a cigarette give him a cigarete don 't give him a cigarette just give me a cigarette give him a cigarette no tell me about Toronto I told you I think he is too control for this he maybe suicide but no way but he is too stupid I think the Kid 's sisters is in you vision I dont 't blame you I get her photo too buddy what 're you going ? you must find a way lately Yeah memorise it now we read the game now take a look at this did I told me about the guy he nearly beat to death Toronto did this he 's marvellous guy I need few more days I need few more days what can I do this right ? I will screw up you got big plans tonight Yeah we go out to dinner you break your heart this not gonne happen I 'll show you something Aw that 's my dad 's now I had it you want to try it no what 's his run 9 second my day is coming up so much talk Twisted come off fly we can done it in the track what 's about time I never try it why not cause he shit on me that 's my dads coming up next this last days he 's seize that guy kill in the race and final turb make this bump 120 I watch my dad 's burning it I remember the scream people that was there said he died before tanks explore I said was plot in it I saw his death myself I had a rage I heard it I didn 't know what should I do by the time I couldn 't leave my arms he is general in high scholl he took the bus to work everyday he influence me for whole life I leave my life for him all the time not the our matters not the ... not the store my team is not like these bullshit for those 10 second relax I 'm afraid so how 's any way the game came to be what ? the game the game they don 't call this what do they call it ? they are a team they always call them a team all right , how 's the team came to be that 's long history what 's time ? Vence , my bother naturally , naturally they grow up together they are grow up in same street always have car stuff took ... uh 10 years old so naturally my brother always had intention he tried in sixteen then he had done it Yeah it 's funny Yeah how 's Jezzy figur the whole thing out Jezzy Jezzy just ... sort of show up in the night Just my brother isn 't there you know Domi like she 's like gravity you know everything is get attractive even you no no the only thing that attractived is you being your bother 's sister friend that 's good that 's ... that 's nice to confess you go for a drive ? Yeah how 's Jacket feeling game you must change your decision we must get a head of them because he say otherwise if you agreed to say yes Yeah who 's that ? just a wrong number ! right listern yeah I know about it Yeah Yeah yes yes Yeah I got it DVD players are illegal in it all we want to do is low the weapons in a speed way so the run Yeah that 's kind of intelligence I can expect you count on it you can put this on me I can put anybody I want to , kid there 's no way you can put ... wait a minute a wait minute let me tell you I don 't care you take a gun point others head you got 36 hours to crack the bastard you must think about another way it 's the way of run that always had been trial the Hecters they just fews I know you lying to question like this like this me hare you can lying to yourself because you can 't see it he won 't go back prison that 's the choice that going have to make that all kinds of family that 's the choice you gonne have to make you ready for this Yeah nice car what 's the retail one of those more than you could afford it smoke so what 's wrong buddy nothing I 'm fine come on obviously something 's awful that 's good days and bad days like anybody else why don 't lose on your mill ticket my mill ticket I won 't keep it I 'm sure I get it there 's one thing about me domi you don 't understand I don 't need handles I don 't take handles I earn my way every step let 's make something naturally like you something like me what do you mean that 's I mean what 's that mean " like me " ? I 'm not stupid , all right ? I know there 's no way you keep from this shit I know you had no way pay this shit into those cars buy the tulips sell the drugs now whatever you on it I wanne on it too what 's this ? read it what 's this for ? . it 's directions see how you do don 't talk how 's going work on race game great babe hey babe you should watch it on side I could exhausted you I bet you 'd keep your money well , how about racing for it you don 't ask why don 't you head for Hoolywood blow it off you wanne join in rush righ here right now what 's gone be ? you got it come on what 's you got ? see you what 's up ? what have you had ? just like you you think it 'll work Yeah you can 't use you dad 's car all right if it run 2,000 I 'll win my deck when he got all the present it 's all good you should carefully choose it you don 't know you will win you will win Jezze seriously you got to listen who 'll you race with ? Jezze don 't do it I bet he will got more than 200 hundred in that car hun-hun ? where 's he going ? went car wash whatever he must fit my car fit your car ? . we are not on you block any more you better watch your talk like that Toronto Toronto cops come into my house disrespect my whole family because somebody knock me out you know what ? it 's you come on go ! come on ! get off ! get off ! go ! come on let 's go I never done this before I never done this before let 's go here you I ask you don 't let me go no , don 't give me that why do you insist on it don 't what 's going on ? you know what I 'm talking about what 's going on Brain ? you use your eyes see Jezze away what 's matter with you ? what 's your brother race in midninght for ? . I 'm talking about the choice no what 's choice ? Jesus christ what ? listen to me I 'm a cop what 're you talking about ? what 's this ? first time I met you I lie to you I 'm a cop are you bartard ? you bastard ! mill get off me , Brain Mill listen to me every thing I ever said I thought about you is real believe me right now this is about you you brother is blow his job off we want another time there 's no lies between you and me maybe they will make through the tonight everything is coming down you don 't want you brother blow it off you have to do it right now Mill you 'll be the only person can help me right now please Mill please help me see next step what we should do ? we will double back what the leader with taht ? we have to depend on this next tell Yeah this is Brain serial No 34762 I need the phone number ok what 's the number ? . what 's phone number ? . come on you should tell me the numbe now 32355564039 thank you Yeah you got that ok we need a another man you 'd right about this one that 's don 't feel good don 't do that something 's wrong stop we shouldn 't doing this without Jezze look , we prepare this for three months after this there 's a long vocation for everyone let 's go yes in the night I had a dream you and I went to Mexico oh really ? really come on let 's make this happen keep on these skinner copy that all right let 's go Yeah ok we trace No 2 in the north about 40 miles away we keep on trace on it let me see this all right figure it 40 miles away what 're are you gonne do ? okay , go ! we got more scatters keep going guts back off back tell him back off back off back off get off , for it shit give me a hand pull off pull off get off yourself do it I can 't get ... you have to do it Domi I put forth it though come on boy you 'd knees on me son of bitch ! I can 't find a thing to grab try it one two three get off yourself I can 't get my arm off listen , give me your hand come on Dominic Dominic Domi I 'm on my way to get him Lane Leon Yo pull back for Lane I 'm moving go I got her , you get him may come on may you 're okay ? come on you 're all right let me look at you we got to go let 's go Guts ! Dominic you take the real let me take the real you take the real let me get him put full on the gas okay okay I 'll keep on it I got it come on Okay move on give me your hand okay move in all of it right there go ! come on pull off right now give me your hand come on ! come on ! come on ! go ! come on come on ! come on you have to go move ! ah Damn it shit you are okay ? baby I love you you go there handle it come on ! come on ! you 'd call the ambulance come here in 10 minutes otherwise he 'll dead hold it don 't let it go I got it hold it ocme on Yeah this is officer Brain I 'm on duty on L.A.P.D I need a flight right away my location is highway 407 I got one victim 24 age 6' 200 pounds we need it immediately he 's bleeding he got a shot Yeah Yeah he 's going to shock ocme on ! Domi put the gun down now move you car no bullshit put the gun down now no more running I 'm not running where 's the others they are all gone then it 's over I had called the police don 't push me put the gun down I swore to God you are the cop you are cop I got find Jezze before they do it I 'm the kid guard I called the police we have no choice move your car don 't stop it it 's over please you stay out of it move the car Dominic I 'm so sorry I don 't know what I 'm doing ? Domi I 'm so scared right now I don 't know what 's going on Jezze waht 'll you think you are man I don 't know I 'm sorry I don 't know what I 'm doing please help me Domi Jezze Jezze no Jezze no Domi no ! you hold it you hold it I used drive it in high school that 's way we exactly calls them away from it on green I 'm go on it for Domi that 's how who I am you know what are you doing ? Subtitles by Nightmare _ Lord
